there's never a time where you want to
get hit the body case just an area that
when you'd hit at it just sucks even if
you're not skateboarding I mean imagine
if you are McDonald Singh okay and
you're gonna hit the but you'd be like
you know what this Big Mac just doesn't
taste as good anymore because I got
butted butt struck whatever whatever
however you want awarded but seriously
blood crack injuries are nothing to mess
around with okay when you get hit like
that you're gonna be feeling it for the
next two days okay especially when
you're like slamming on the ground like
that like ground is hard enough and when
you throw a skateboard in the middle of
it and then give her your blood crack
it's just a tower of pain it's a tower
of bruised but tomorrow that's really
what it's all about and Jayce was not
happy about this at all but he is he is
pretty tough he got up and landed his
trick which is uh always admirable
that was tight so he did this a long
time ago and it was actually for his
live skate die part back when we were
revenge but he we split ways he didn't
skate as much with us and I still had
his footage so I did put some of his
tricks in the front section of little
skate die but this trick did not make it
it was a little outdated and JC could do
better nowadays but to answer everyone's
question yes Jayce is still skating ice
skate with him once in a while I
actually haven't seen him this winter so
far but that's not that strange because
during the winter like everyone's
schedules all over the place so I'm sure
I'll see him at the local park here in
the spring and maybe get a few clips for
you dudes watch out for him and live
skate die because he has some awesome
stuff in there and that's just that so I
hope you guys like this video if you
want to see more from me hit the
subscribe button down there I do daily
videos just like this here on my channel
and I'll be back at next Friday or the
Friday after that with another fall
Friday so I'm if I say Friday one more
time but I'll be guys like this I will
see you in the future for now I'm going
I'm gonna replace myself with a wall of
grip tape buh dang
got a friend a jack friend named
Chandler friend named Bill in the Fred
name - now that was my that was my song
you know why it was my song is because I
just paid the guitar and started singing
something and for the camera Niles like
whatever happens is I'm gonna put the
video and now now you're watching it oh
boy
you
