alright so different type of video right
here this is an absolutely true story
okay my friends sisters friend
apparently went through this which I
know sounds like 16 year old gossip but
I swear this is how I heard this so
there's this girl and she is in New York
house-sitting while the owners are away
inside the house there's a dog okay well
unfortunately the dog dies while she's
watching the place I know it's very sad
don't you blah blah but she tells the
owners and they're like you know there
of course percent but to tell her to
call the vet so she calls the vet and
says hey this dog died come and get it
and the vets were like what you're crazy
this is New York we don't we're not
built meant okay we don't walk a
door-to-door picking up dead dogs you'll
bring it to us so she's like great what
do I do okay so didn't want to look like
a weirdo carrying a dead dog on the
subway and across the city so she did
what any house-sitting girl would do and
she puts the dog in a suitcase genius
right she sets out with the dog case and
everything is going smooth she walks few
blocks into the subway she rides the
subway tour stop this is where things
get rough she hits a set of stairs and
the puppy pack isn't really light okay
so Chaz Lipp Thomas Ayers was hard and
she's struggling probably not too
psyched on what's going on when a guy
walks up and says like hey you need some
help I can help you carry that and she's
like what this is like my knight in
shining armor so she's relieved and
thankful and she says yes the man smiles
and grabs a suitcase and he takes one
step of the stairs turns around and
punches her in the stomach she falls
back hurt and he just runs off with the
suitcase let that sink in okay he ran
off thinking he had just stolen
something worthwhile he's probably super
tired by the time he got to a safe
distance sets the suitcase down opens it
to find a dead dog are you kidding me if
that is not Karma I don't know what is
and that's the truth true story i would
have paid money to see that guy's face
when he realized he punched a girl to
steal a dead dog Oh what an idiot
if you guys died I can fit you in a
backpack and no one and I'd be able to
carry you hey hey hey and I'd be able to
carry you upstairs easily just saying I
love you
you
