haiti Oh what you got for me something
something dude that's the name of this
title video some word something I can't
talk Oh Danny we gotta say when someone
6 that trick just beating you've got it
Oh
you guys want to know how to react to
tricks that people stick with don't land
that's a good that's a good solid
response to create your teeth and go and
there's people going to see you by God
knows how to react to a trick and you
ate it are you all right this is the
face of someone that's not getting a
drink unless you land it then I'll buy
you a drink come on come here this way
your feet work all you took it off now
you can't prove anything I like we're
that we hook ya up time on you too
oh you just made the outro of your own
video this is the outro it's the sloppy
one to say goodbye video come on video
site walrus Empire well over some fire
say 13 matches 13 whatever I will get to
get people to say the dumbest things
you
