so an itok
it comes in it their attention bride
names are names are you drop us right
now I am this is how I'm gonna talk it
work forever now that's horrible without
annoying you
yes why it's incredibly loud I'm gonna
go mess with everybody in the warehouse
how you doing Earl hi you're terrifying
no Earl likes noise see Earl like my my
speaker so much that he came to my couch
girl didn't you
so what's up guys I'm doing what it is
so loud in this hallway I'm doing a
vodka soda she can't get just em ahead
and I'm going to decorate my house with
Halloween stuff with my little dude with
Ryder
but first I'm on a skateboard here and
talk to my workers with my loud
microphone how you guys doing is this
your new DJ equipment no this is just me
to talk to the world like you need this
yeah I'm gonna Noi let everyone our time
lar hello how are we doing today let's
go to the warehouse hello house and
welcome cue a vlog assert here on
YouTube hi Casey
can you hear me I don't know why but I
feel like I have to have an announcer
voice I thought that was dude Bryan Ames
is so bummed that I have this no this is
me from now on I'm walking around here
at all times talking like this now
everybody can hear you everyday chambers
we need to restock on aisle two that is
red light
I'll to restock please do you want a
skateboard yes I do yes so I'm gonna
skateboard and then when I go home and
make my house haunted Oh fun give me a
lot of fun
all right we have Alex buting going up
what trick really do
looks like balanced approach to the flat
bar
- I should just go to skate parks and do
this ya know I don't think like in the
camera it's as loud as in real life
because it's so loud it's amazing all
right I'm gonna take this out there okay
so I'm done with the speaker I'm sorry
if that was annoying but yeah my mom got
me that for like Christmas last year and
I just realized it and she was like I
think Andy can use this in a video and
my gosh I can and I'm gonna keep using
it it is really loud earlier life but
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna skateboard
right now because skateboarding is the
best thing ever and I'm gonna try to
learn a new trick Alex gonna try to
learn a new trick and we're all gonna be
better people at the end of this session
and then I'm gonna go home and I'm going
to Halloween my house up to make it a
haunted house and it's gonna be a lot of
fun so let's do this
well how about them
Oh No
done that one in a second on this other
places yes
it was it now he s new new trick do a
new trick dude it gave me dumb don't
worry
Oh
normal people Holly here and you were
like all the way up here man high five
what really you decide to wait until
then to fall down I'm you now look out
look out far away the box this doesn't
that count no it does not
just like yeah new tricks both of us
yours was way better than mine thanks
buddy congratulations
Oh giveaway we have a giveaway your your
random giveaway Oh maybe random video
let's go Alice okay for one bit Reds
baseball cards is one of them for sure
alright sunglasses Facebook our bushings
bushings okay I gave the white potions
by Earl by Earl he's a good dog guys
this is all for the giveaway yeah Brian
just hooked up with some glossy shredder
so much oh snap back yeah jeez alright
so if you guys don't know I own and
operate revived skateboards and a few
other companies but I have an online
skate shop the Shrek roars calm and this
dude has been giving away random
giveaways with like I want stuff and
stuff we can't sell like that are still
really good product so this stuff is
gonna go in random order
random orders next week how many that's
like a bunch of goo three four five six
I got over a week's worth of good ways
here so you never know you might order a
skateboard and get one of these for free
yep any I mean it's not even just a
skateboard I've thrown it in like you
know just a t-shirt order or something
that's good if you dudes thanks I'm
gonna go thank you for all your work
thank you have a good skateboarding okay
I landed a 180 nosegrind 180 you didn't
like that did okay I'll watch this video
to find out the comment I'll be right
below there look down alright so I'm
done in my work I'm going to go home I'm
going to get the little guy off the
school bus and we are going to make our
house haunted let's do this he just
jumped off his porch
okay so I am back at home I cleaned up
got this guy from the bus stop and are
you excited for about what's about to
happen
yeah maybe what you want to do Halloween
decorations your mom went out and got a
ton of Halloween decorations because
we're throwing a Halloween party and
we're gonna make the house spooky I'm
gonna hide and go down fit in the
basement yeah let's say well some of its
gonna be up here
look at these terrifying cats look at
they're so scary see that one's walking
okay this one's kind of cute yeah yeah
what is this stuff
haunted Legos yes you did with that
piece right right there yeah you do it
yesterday his brother's spooky stuff
we've collected over the years
what was it do you know what this song
says yeah look we got a real-life baby
Groot sure your honor do not water this
you guess I'm artist made this it's
really cool alright let's put him flush
welcome up here alright look and he
looks like he belongs how sweet is that
he's right next to a skull alright where
do we go let's look at all the
decorations you show lights on yep you
didn't look at all of these bags
there's our skeleton dude then what's
what's this do Oh spooky okay what are
you doing oh my gosh the zombie is here
do not bite don't bite my arm baby don't
bite now I'm a zombie ok if you're a
zombie why are you running from me when
I'm a zombie
no no I made my day it's not how it
works okay you're okay so what's this
guy do no that's pretty cool Wow
they try to look like a skeleton
nailed it dude okay so we're gonna try
to decorate the house a little bit using
this stuff and hopefully make it cool
what's really gonna most likely happen
is that mom's gonna come home and she's
gonna redecorate all of this stuff but
we're gonna give it a try
all right because that's what moms do
does everything have blinky eyes okay
this is terrifying this looks legit like
a human skull
let me just have red eyes no it doesn't
does that many eyes you know his arms
can like cling onto stuff we should put
it on the pillar oh yeah okay cool oh
that's pretty cool isn't it dee turn it
off of this but how do you turn it off
put up there oh gosh I might try to
hopefully is there a button all right
I've managed to turn off without taking
him down what you told me after I got
him up there whoa whoa whoa what are
these hold on do you think dance sticks
yeah what is it what is it dance stick
look at this candelabra or candle stick
whatever this is right guess what this
thing does of course everything has a
glowing red eyes hey who is this it's
baltimore's I thought I lost a lot
okay well it's definitely a random
person online do you opened up all this
stuff
Justin it's soft
what's that guy's name Mike Mike yeah
okay we got more glowing red eyes
I really don't know what your mom vision
for all the graves so we'll just put
them on the walls okay get get one more
of the red guy yeah just like that let's
Center it spooky huh what you're kicking
your own butt we got another one right
what do you think happens hey eyes turn
red yes please
okay you know what wrong cool huh
yeah it's awesome watch
pretty cool huh it looks like it
flickers like a real candle fake yeah
it's fake but it looks kinda like a real
you can't blow it out his fake got a
little spooky centerpiece right here no
we crack that you'll be a spooky yeah
there we go
gonna hold her oh let's go enjoy hey
let's go in here
it haunted a hell away ghost yeah That's
not me
look whoa maybe that is me okay never
mind
that was me I'm just kidding baby yeah
we're gonna put some treats in there and
maybe put bagel in there well we're
about to go to dinner so you haven't you
have if you're good you can get a one of
those little mint things the end of the
meal okay no mints and find no means for
you okay
bagel you're getting all of the mints
well then no one's getting so I hope you
guys liked watching us make our house
little haunts in skateboarding Sebring's
like the best thing ever i landed a new
move today today module innit - I've
never he'll flip the hip today and I did
a 180 nosegrind 180 we need to skate
more don't we yeah yeah we do need to go
back okay like I said I hope you guys
like this I'll make sure that when we
get this all together we get in a video
so you guys can see the finished product
next year it'll be even better because
we have we're gonna get more stuff and a
half time time is the key I do videos
here all the time if you guys want to
see more videos from me just hit the
subscribe button right down below and
you'll be set up see more videos is free
and then we just did a video over on
turbo toy time our toy channel if you
guys want to see us play some toys put
that link down there but yeah that's it
I hope you guys have a great day a
spooky day
Halloween's like about a week away right
or like a week and some days I don't
know I know you're not scared of him
watch what watch me look at him you just
punch the skeleton it okay okay don't
you don't put you don't punch anyone
even skeletons okay what is hey he
replied that's super rude
for sale it's not per sample he wasn't
coming in this case the bill why don't
you tell me how chambers we have okay
two extra quesadilla
