this is what i look like if I turn into
a box but what is up guys yes this is an
update video I'm gonna tell you by my
life and about revive that's my
skateboard company and all sorts of
things that I'm gonna tell you about my
life has been pretty good it's been busy
as always I'm not gonna go into that k
you can just you can just automatically
assume that my life is busy if I'm
sitting in front of the computer talking
because it always is but some exciting
things are happening or did happen not
only did my birthday happen but ridens
birthday is coming up in a few days it
he's two years old okay and I know you
guys are thinking like oh it's so fast
he's growing up or whatever but honestly
to me I don't know why it seems like
it's been forever I feel like you should
be more than two years old I know
everybody in the whole world like says I
go you're gonna blend he's gonna be 16
and pushed me around in a wheelchair or
something like that you know but I feel
like I'm kind of lucky in a sense that I
don't feel like his childhood is like
going ridiculously fast now when he's 16
I might say that like well I blinked and
now he's 16 who knows but right now I
feel blessed I am freaking blessed this
just in I need a haircut but I'm very
excited to celebrate his birthday we're
going to great wolf lodge which is like
a inside water park I'm gonna walk
around doing water esque things with my
little guy it's gonna be amazing in fact
I would just like to say that being a
dad is my favorite thing in the whole
world my god i just cannot get enough a
father-son time I love him i frickin
love my son next time you go into school
just write that on the chalkboard ever
be like what any loves his son what are
you what are you talking about I'll be
like yeah that's right okay teach that
in class people they trim around the
ears would be great but the main reason
I'm actually doing this video is because
I got some facts to throw your way okay
some facts you guys need to know a lot
of exciting things are happening the
revival world and I need to inform you
people of it okay I really do first off
as you know our full length skate video
lips Kate died is coming out on
Valentine's Day that is februari 14th
you didn't know that and if you didn't
know that my gosh unity calendar and
also you need knowledge that you that
you should have had your whole life so
that's when we released in the video and
I'm really really excited okay I'm it's
a fun video I haven't produced a
full-length skate video in seven years
and this is probably my favorite one
I've ever done that's the honest truth
it will be available on DVD and digital
download the digital download doesn't
look like a problem itunes is kind of
seeming annoying so hopefully itunes
will be up and ready for the release
date but i can guarantee you that the
DVD which will be thirteen dollars and
the digital downloads will be ten
dollars the DVD is going to be
on day one Valentine's Day and the
digital downloads should be as well with
a DVD you get extra content you get like
seven or eight minutes extra extra bonus
footage and then you get the actual case
which is pretty nice looking so uh be
excited because I am see the smile it's
authentic it is authentic smile I was a
fake laugh though but not only are we
launching the video we're actually
launching a lot of new products and
we're getting boards in okay we're
getting a lot of boards in I like to
think that this is the end of act like
being out of stock of boards I know I
always say that but boards just keep
selling faster and faster but we're
getting a lot in we're getting a new
graphic in or bring back the Red
lifeline we also are going to have a new
t-shirt we're gonna have a baseball tee
and hats are on the way to I don't know
if those will be in time for the
Valentine's Day release but it'll be by
the end of February's so a lot of things
are happening i'm probably forgetting
something so many things are happening
and the warehouse is happening to we
have signed the lease or the contract
agreement whatever it is that we did
sign for the warehouse and we're just
waiting for the further where else to be
ready so within a month will be moved
into the warehouse and we're gonna have
skate stuff in there I mean making
videos in the warehouse and should be
awesome and I'm gonna skate every day
again it's gonna be fantastic so I
consider you fact eyes okay like if you
if your teacher asks you about being
factored you're like I've already been
factored in I'm probably pretty good at
cod class like I don't need to be taught
anything I've been factored already now
inside the revived world I'm going to be
in california in march okay it might be
mid march to late march i'm not sure
because i usually stay with brett novek
but he's busy so I don't know if I'm
gonna be able to stay with him either
way I'll be down in LA and most likely
SF like I usually do a combo trip but if
you see me say what's up I'll do more
videos talking about it and i'll post on
my facebook like if I'm gonna be at a
certain park at a certain time also
going to be going to philly in the next
couple months because i got to hang out
my dude angel I kind of bailed on him
when he was doing that Grinch video so I
need to I need to visit him and skate
with him so that's on the platter to
that's new phrases just made up on the
platter so I see that look upon your
face and you're probably wondering Andy
do you have a growth coming up your leg
and yes I do i was filming a day in life
20 yesterday which will come out next
week but I slammed like right when i got
to the skatepark i slam my leg on a rail
on anything anything of it and then like
30 minutes later i looked at and I was
like oh there's a sec
neon my leg like look at this picture
okay and right you're seeing that and
you're probably like wow that's crazy
but it was like 10 times work now let's
say two times worse in person it was out
past my knee I swear and it was it was
it was quite the predicament like the
whole skate park stopped and came over
to gawked me like are you are you gonna
be all right and I'm like yeah it
doesn't hurt at all like it really
didn't hurt I just kept skating for the
rest of session but it's uh yeah it's
bruised I figured that was worth showing
you guys because it kinda looks like an
alien is coming on my leg it's not
nailing them I mean I don't think it is
but on a non skating side of things I
would like to just propose an idea okay
I'm not proposed I'm gonna tell you guys
an idea and I have you could tell me if
I'm crazy or not okay this is a one time
I needed to get Kevin Smith's attention
on the internet because I ran into him
in real life and I was like a baby and I
made myself comically an idiot so I made
a video saying hey man thanks for what
you said blah blah blah Kevin Smith and
I did I asked for your guys's helped i
got his attention he watched the video
and comment and i was like that was
awesome thank you that was real a really
cool thing that happened but now I star
wars 7 8 9 or happening okay and all you
guys that aren't freaking nerd balls
like me or I like all my gosh want here
I'll Star Wars well I'm talking about it
okay you just you just put that back in
your fridge because I'm talking about it
right now I want to be in Star Wars okay
and I mean that's not like a super crazy
ambition of mine but I just like I would
like to be in a Star Wars movie so I
could be like 80 years old be like I was
I was in the Star Wars maybe so I was
thinking if I made a big deal here on
the internet and I got asked for a bunch
of people's help to hype me up like if I
got the filmmakers attention like JJ
Abrams and all those people that work
with him if I got their attention it
might be a cool thing with her like all
right we're gonna throw this due to bone
and let him be in Star Wars I can just
walk in the background looking all
creepy or whatever I'm doing that would
be a dream come true like literally a
dream come true like I know right now
I'm kind of living a dream come true
with my skateboard company and all that
but if I was in Star Wars like a piece
like my child would it come out of the
past my childhood self is a better way
to where that would come out of the past
and high-five me and you'd be like I
knew you're gonna grow up to be alright
dude so if you think that's your worth
trying I mean honestly like I have the
people that are pessimistic or be like
no going to try it but you opt missing
people like me think logically and
realistically and I think we could make
it happen like it by all means you don't
wanna help me out with that just don't
even worry about it but if we could
create enough hype and I could look
myself look like an idiot on the
internet enough people might pay
attention and if I could be in a Star
Wars my dream my life would be would be
ever true so that's just an idea tell me
what you guys think i am gonna wrap up
this update video now but i just figured
i would run it by you dudes because
you're like
internet family and I like your opinion
I value your opinion but I am gonna go
things to come I have my 900 video
coming tomorrow and then after that on
sunday i believe there's going to be a
trailer for live skate die or another
teaser it doesn't really call matter
what you call it it's going to be a
video promoting liftgate died and then
next week we did we have a daily life 20
and videos every single day so if you're
not subscribed to me hit the subscribe
button and I will see you guys in the
few to the sure oma box again Oh kickbox
wall ride to guitar playing to town I
didn't know I had subscribe or die
I'm gonna be at a certain park at a
certain time so uh check that out duck
check what out I think we say I
literally told you not to check anything
out then I so check that out so I don't
know I just kind of want to pick your
brain your face brain was absolutely
correct you idiot your brain your face
your brain face I mean your brain is in
your face now what that's kind of weird
weird thing to say anyway I want to pick
your brain like really what does anyone
ever done that other than like a
lobotomist but all that is going to come
out next but all that is going to come
out on Valentine's Day next year next
month
you
