dog deaths of freaking tails people come
on chair come on Doug just tells do you
see that if he makes his board flip
around and do stuff like that and you're
watching it you're like that guy just
flips his board and does stuff like that
it is great I mean it is great haha
don't laugh you idiot now some of the
footage you just saw was from a video he
did announcing that he was writing for
Blackwood apparel and they actually gave
me a couple pairs of pants and I just
want to say thank you I love the pants
and you guys carefully check him out it
was very nice of them to give me that I
didn't even ask Doug just kind of pans
them to me and I was like I wear these
on my legs and I put him on my legs and
I was like this is great so thank you
Blackwood apparel and thank you to Doug
because you know how to ride a
skateboard and I enjoy watching you
might have actually seen all this
footage on his channel I don't know if
he's released at all but if you're not
subscribed to him you haven't seen any
of it so you should totally fix that
click this right here that is Doug's
channel check it out and you will like
what you see is very very talented on a
skateboard and he has friends that are
that are pretty darn good too so check
that out and subscribe to him and if
you're not subscribed to me click that
button right there I do daily videos
just like this and act all weird and all
sorts of stuff but mainly check out Doug
and like it and I'll be back tomorrow
with another video okay because I do
them every day see you guys in the
future music hit it bite hit it hits
music the music
you
you
