YouTube's what is up guys it is question
and answer time I asked you guys to ask
me some questions on Facebook you did
now i'm going through them and i'm gonna
answer handful of these so uh hold on to
your chairs or something hold on
something Nick Putnam who is awesome
says if you could be a superhero day
which one would it be I'd have to say
iron man he's just he rocks or sue
spider-man would be good too i don't
know outside iron man that's the first
1i said lissandra Garcia says when was
your first injury and what happened and
this is a good question and I don't
think I'm actually told the story ever I
hit my head I was kicking some grass cap
and I swung back to hit my head
wonderful the only two times I've ever
hit my head really skating and I kind of
blacked out mentally cuz i just woke up
laying on the bottom the gap screaming
help me i was like just help me help me
help me and I was actually fine like I
didn't really hurt myself at all but I
remember getting up and I was kind of
dizzy and I fell over and my friends
were just staring at me like like in all
like what's happening to Andy and I was
like you can laugh I just fell over and
it's funny and uh and then I regained
consciousness and honestly I kept
skating for the rest of the day but uh
yeah dramatic stuff Amelia velov says
who comes up with the quotes on the
whiteboard that's always in the
background of your videos I do I
honestly I don't really put any thought
into him at all until I actually get to
the whiteboard and I come up with
something off the top my head and I
write it down whether it's stupid or
witty or whatever just whatever comes
out that's what happens Paul James
flattery asks if someone flew from
Ireland Cincinnati to meet you would you
be honored or creeped out um I would
feel bad I would feel bad to someone
spent that much money just come and meet
me um but no I mean I would meet up at a
skate park and say what's up like and
then I would tried my best to tell them
what to do in Cincinnati and have a good
time and if I could skate which I
probably could cuz i'm on the skate park
i would hang out with him that'd be cool
I'd be honored Brock parish says do you
hate skateboards to push Mongo I don't
hate anybody like especially why would I
ever ate someone for how they push on a
skateboard all right new role if the
phrase turnt up isn't in any question
I'm not going to answer it no I refuse
Alex gratz uh says is it awkward when a
subscriber talks to you in real life no
I love talking to people who watch my
videos or just want to say hi or
whatever you are strange or the Domino
me I like talking to people and
sometimes they'll like sometimes people
will come to be in a moment when I'm not
expecting it or I've got something on my
mind and I might seem a little awkward
because I was just thinking of something
and run down
but uh I always you know like a what's
up you know and i and i chat with people
so uh if I am awkward I'm sorry I don't
mean it you just probably caught me out
of a weird moment but I'm happy to meet
you even if I look awkward come up and
say what's up to me Elias Barton says
what is one plus one and one plus one
equals google it tyler van mortal just
says whatever happens we want revenge
and nothing nothing at all really
happened Oh get over here wait for me
but whatever happened to we want revenge
nothing at all happened we are avenged
every single year we always take a break
in the winter and it's like I can say
this million times but everyone's always
surprised by it so it gets dark early
early and we can to go out and skate in
street and stuff you know so it's like
really hard especially when it's like in
the negative temperatures so we always
take a break in the winter and we start
back up again in the spring so we are
revenge 40 is coming do not worry Hunter
epicness Nichols says Andy what's it
like to run your own company and to know
that you inspire lots of people to
skateboard much love from VA it's it's
awesome I never had any plans to run my
own company then it kind of just
happened when I saw the potential and I
just learning everything along the way I
found out I actually really love to run
my own company um so if you're
interested in it just do your research
too i know i get this a lot and I'm kind
of just kind of adding this information
to this question but do your research
use google and find out what you have to
do to set up company and it's a lot of
fun i mean if it's if it's up your alley
it's a lot of fun so uh there you go
Hunter will Latimer says why so awesome
and I assume you're talking about sour
patch kids I have no idea they're like
they're really good you cool auntie
Paula says how do you get the skills on
bailing and honestly I don't know how I
learned how to fake fall but I just kind
of discovered it one day and my friends
started laughing and I was like hey I
should do this in public it'll be fun
Robbie Bauer says what's it like being a
father and it is the greatest thing to
ever happen to me like it's just so
awesome and makes every single day
better and you wake up and you're like
oh I have an awesome reason to wake up
seriously I love being a dad the soph
Dillon says how many sugars in your tea
it's got to be too right I I would say
like five like whenever I putting sugar
in anything i just always keep putting
them in maybe maybe three or four
honestly but sugar yeah sugar
Oh sugar my buddy Jared Micheli it says
if you could be any Star Wars character
who to be and in any info on next batch
of dex dex are for sale on valentine's
day when we release the videos that will
be a big launch of our spring stuff and
the video and then Star Wars character
obi-wan Kenobi hands down I know about
you had your hands up and I'm just put
him down right now obi-wan Kenobi Eddie
riddle says did you ever sing the song
for your wife at your wedding yes I did
and Sam Tabor is still to give me the
footage because he had he shot my
wedding for me and he hasn't given me
that clip so everyone go tell Sam Tabor
to send me the song my gosh you know
what here you go freaking polar bear
Michelle Madeline has a good question
she says do you think becoming a father
has challenged the way you approach
skating the level of risk you take and I
you know what I've never really been to
the point where i've been trying a risky
trick while I've been a dad I've been so
busy the last years of my life that I
haven't been able to skate enough to
keep up with the level of jumping down
big stuff so when I was skating i'm
usually skating smaller stuff lately
which makes me want to go out and skate
bigger stuff but um but you know like a
big rail and a big gap like i'll jump
down it if i'm feeling weird about it I
won't you know I I mean as a dad I do
have a little guy to worry about so I
wouldn't do anything that I have a
really bad vibe about that's for sure
Tori Jones says what did you do to cope
with dark times during her teenage years
up I wrote a book about those times
really kind of wrote it all down and it
was very therapeutic for me and no
matter what my life I've always just
kind of like made you lost your
sunglasses dude I've always made goals
and like things to look forward to so if
I'm down I'm just like you know what I'm
gonna put all my effort into making this
skate video or writing a book or you
know whatever project to have so I
always just create things for me to keep
me busy that I'm passionate about and
that helps you get through a lot also
watching lost helped and reading Harry
Potter honestly I did that a lot to John
flan des says what do you like better
cheese or ham cheese all the way cheese
is fantastic Jesse K says what is the
scariest situation you've been in and
the for whatever reason the first thing
that comes to mind is like my safety so
I've got a kind of a funny story or not
funny at all in all I said that but I
have a story to say I was at the baldy
pipeline in California which is a big
full pipe that you could skate in and
it's in the middle of a desert like kind
of on a mountain
there's it's like fences all the way
around okay and we were inside this this
thing and these guys were like how do
you get in there and we were just like
all these guys are probably nice dudes I
mean they're here in the desert you know
by themselves so we told them how to get
in and you kind of had to walk a ways to
get in and we were leaving and we were
kind of like right next to the entrance
but they had like walk all the way
around and so they started booking it
we're like this is kind of weird that
they're like running as fast as they can
to get here so we realized what was
happening and we just kind of just ran
up the mountain and these dudes started
chasing us and we were in the middle of
a desert so this could be total like
friggin CSI like these dudes got
murdered in the desert and we like
randomest mountain we just got into our
cars as fast as we can it was like an
action movie really was then there's
this lady like looking at the view into
the desert on this little like workplace
for part so we're like lady kept your
car there's these dudes running up the
mountain trying to mug us or whatever
they're trying to do and she got into
her car we all booked it but it was like
the t-rex in Jurassic Park was chasing
the car like we like driving away as
they got to the top of the hill and we
were like ha that's right and we were
pretty scared but we didn't die we
didn't get mugged and now I'm on youtube
channel story about it hey Wolfgang says
who was your first GF read my book the
whole scenario in there is kind of based
on my first girlfriend alright last
question Michael Rex Mets says who were
you at school like Nagy cool kid i was a
dork I still AM I like Star Wars cards
video games and I just have happened to
find skateboarding and I skated and I
still did all the other things you know
I skated and then I hot on my local
comic shop playing card games my friends
who also skated we were big nerds and I
still AM so I was never worried about
what's cool and what's not and in high
school like my skate team got kind of
popular through the videos are made and
people thought we were cool even though
we played dumb card games and stuff like
that but that's it guys I hope you guys
dug this I will do another one of these
if you want to get involved just go to
my facebook the Orioles right here on
the screen and or write down the info
but like it and follow it and then I'll
say hey ask me questions and i'll do
another one of these but it's always fun
doing these i got over 1,100 questions
as times like this is ridiculous i've
never had this much of a response i
don't think so i'll do another one soon
so I can kind of answer more of these
but um thank you guys I love you dudes
and I will go um poor bear
I
