shani Geiger people like not only is he
from Switzerland but he can basically
jump in the air and make a skateboard do
whatever he wants to like that was some
insane flat ground skateboarding I hope
you guys liked it if you want to see
more from Johnny click the bottom link
right down there that will take you to
his channel and you don't want subscribe
because if someone came up to you on the
street was like hey are you subscribe to
Johnny and you say yes they'll probably
give you something because that's just
like the right answer and if you're not
subscribed to make with the top link I
do daily videos here on YouTube
skateboarding skits randomness whatever
thinks weird and entertaining but mainly
check Johnny outs you'll enjoy it and
I'm really proud to be like getting the
word out there on this guy I'm just
really proud of the duties awesome so I
will leave you guys alone with these
links because I don't want to be that
guys stand around white click links it's
like a private thing that'd be weird
music come on but awkward time
you
