dude how about is it move her in your
then good ow I think it's safe to say
that ow that that was Al right there
this is definitely one of those things
where you're just like my friend is
probably not happy yeah look it's just
like that it's one of those times the
stutter not notice a because you see it
you're like oh your heart like goes to
some part of your body that you don't
even know where it is and you're like
and you just wait for that moment to see
if your friends are right because just
got smacked in the eyeball with a
skateboard taking this hoodie off and
luckily Alex was okay like you know he
walked away and he kept trying the trick
actually but it didn't go well all right
well maybe we just need to sit down a
rethink our lives but the important part
is did you hear the smack of that board
to his head yeah i mean that's like that
just makes you want to put some gloves
on i mean there have been countless
times where the board like flies up and
I'm like it's gonna hit me in the face
but it never has it like it never ever
has and then Alex was like you know he's
the board's flying up he's gonna be the
face then it did it like totally just
hit Alex right in the head or whatever
this area is head face haise and hit him
in the face but these things happen in
life sometimes you should get hit in the
face and sometimes you just gotta
complain and keep trying to trick or you
know stopped because you just got hit in
the face of the skateboard and that
isn't completely logical possibility as
well but like I said he was okay and
that is the that is honestly the
important part of this and it just shows
that Alex is tough as nails so if you
want to give Alex props for taking that
like like four men five men like I'm the
handful of army of men go down there and
give this video a thumbs up because
alex's head is definitely strong my gosh
and as always i'm going to show you guys
some footage of alex this is going to be
in his upcoming skate park part from
2013 that'll be on his channel which is
down in the info but right now here's a
few snippets from that
and of course you've seen those cliffs
here on my channel if you've watched on
my videos but um it's a 2013 skate park
part so you got to use old footage their
buddies so that was our lesson for today
Alex shreds and alex gets hit in the
head and he just lives to tell the tale
I hope you guys dug this video if you
want to see more videos for me hit the
subscribe button I do daily videos here
and i'll be back to do another fall
friday in the future so watch out for
that by the meantime I'm going to
forcefully put my hoodie on real fast
I'm gonna put my honey on way less
exciting but I did it I got a hoodie on
yes I did yes I did I got a hoodie on
yes I did alright I'm done
ha thought it was backwards engine oh I
was frontwards wearing my hoodie
backwards this is no trick that I got
from the caveman from back in the day Oh
Kate women we're looking at him like
ashes caveman or so immature sick then
why are you married to him how about
that cave woman ever think about that
you
