my aunt I stare and they're broken
I
watch your 21
I'm destroy something so divine
youtube's what is up guys so that was
the skate footage and yes you have seen
it before if you've watched all of my
videos but that is not the point of this
video the point of this video is to give
away a skateboard so if you're planing
just uh just don't be just just don't be
complaining anymore but before I tell
you how to win a skateboard just bear
with me one second i'ma tell you whole
story okay the story time starting right
now few years ago when i started kind of
getting some subscribers here and there
I was like I just thought okay I was
like man if I had a lot of subscribers I
would try to help out some certain
causes that I believe in okay and
there's a few things in the world I just
kind of want to push and like try to
help support and the music you just
heard a mini destroyed is one of them
and they kind of went on a hiatus but
they just released a new album so now
they're back and I'm like I'm going to
do what I can to try to get the word out
on these dudes they're like catchy metal
I guess you can say and I guess I mean
you heard it it was in that mean that
skating I love them and it's uh it's
what I want you guys to try to listen to
you should totally check them out if you
are into that sort of music but I'm
gonna kind of work this into how you win
the skateboard oh I guess you want to
see the skateboard here this is the deck
you're going to be winning an 8-inch
blank deck this was some wood that we
test it out and it was pretty decent
honestly we liked it but it's not the
revived would so I don't want to go to
waste because I'm gonna skate my own
skateboards and but this is decent so
it's a mellow concave and it's got some
revived stickers on it you of course do
whatever you want to this k if you win
it you can just you get a spray paint
Barbie on it you can chop it into pieces
i really don't care but uh this is what
you're going for right here if you want
to win the skateboard just go down to
the top link right there and that will
take you to divinity destroyed facebook
page and all you got to do is tell them
I sent you okay they didn't even ask me
to do this I just told them I'm going to
try to wrap them and try to get the word
out on them and they're like Beck yeah
okay so go to their Facebook page give
it a like and then tell them to say
auntie sent me and I'm going to go
through all the posts and I'm gonna pick
a random person to win the board I'll
also pick another person to win a
runner-up prize will probably be like a
beanie or a pair of sunglasses or
something like that so uh that's it guys
if you're younger than 18 make sure that
your parents know you're doing this and
then it can be one anywhere in the world
doesn't matter who you are you can win
this as long as you have a mailing
address but seriously I urge you to
listen to their music they're really
really good and I think you'll like them
and I just I kind of want to get I
wanted to send some people their way
because I believe in this band I believe
they could be big huge I mean I believe
they could be on Letterman okay like
talking no playing music all that stuff
and
didn't play in this bar the video I'm
just talking myself right now I'll stop
and I might just go crazy do two
runner-up prizes okay I might just do
too okay to go to good luck on the
giveaway guys and just to reiterate
you're gonna go down to the top of the
info click the facebook link that will
take you to divinity to destroy its
Facebook page give them a like and then
say Andy sent you on their page post a
little comment to them and I will go
through all of those and pick a winner
in three to five days then I'll pick two
more to give away some runner-up prizes
so uh yeah that's that's what you're
gonna do good good luck with it and I
urge you to listen to muse UK like they
might have some stuff on their facebook
but look them up on youtube and then
definitely if you really like them
download their new album it's on itunes
and when you listen to is it does great
things your ears get better I mean
honestly your ears level up but you're
playing a game where your character
level up like your strengths and magic
it goes like oh my gosh my ears are like
wizards I will see you guys the future
the shares subscribe or die
I interrupt this video to say yes I have
too many things my desktop I need to
clean its you do not need to comment
that although the sent this you are
going to comment that there's a few
things in life that just do not get old
okay one is throwing things okay that's
never going to get old Mose you're gonna
want to see people throw things into is
seeing people hid themselves okay it's
just it's just enjoying okay that was a
double enjoyment right there I through
something and hid myself all the same
time and it's sung my cranium i'm not
i'm not gonna do lies to you okay that
that did sting
you
