YouTube but what is up guys I am doing
another round of naming skateboarding
tricks we have what's your face mr. no
what's your name what's my face is
Samuel Trujillo yes representing Walt
skateboards I'm which is an amazing
shirt by the way
and then yeah so we got this guy right
here and we got this guy hey guys
ninja yeah and you do the tricks and he
just makes up the name whatever he
thinks it should be called stop I'm not
making up anything what's the real thing
yeah all right then uh announcing
freestyle for 15 years so I'd appreciate
it if you respected that all right my
apologies
but when you start talking about like
the Bohemian Rhapsody I don't think
that's the real name you've never heard
I want to see the Bohemian Rhapsody
are you ready yes yes all right and if
you you have to learn your tricks if you
fail your tricks you get you have to
stomp your own board no it's like the
one waltz skateboard right yeah all
right with a pop to a hand fail stomp
board let's do it
riding tic-tac paddywhack spin around
hand grab left which fail I feel like
all the tricks have just been Nursery
Rhymes
little bo-peep manual dark slide away
it wasn't what it wasn't like a hand
tornado or somebody style Darkseid's
different okay
primo spin around esau heelside Bradley
slapping double Bradley slap the broken
toe
oh right stomp he does do that sure by
Rascal Flatts bohemian wall to truck to
the broken urinal toeside primo walk
around step off blood
oh yeah come on Daniel back up twice
that was good
oh they're home walk across and finish
that was the loudest thing I've ever
heard in my one ear to ring in a nice
rock is death now you've made me
completely deaf duck butter you should
do this in public so that people doing
normal things like picking up groceries
so that the roses or the Platinum bread
grab maybe three mush up tailspin duck
walk to bo-bandy Juggalo flip yes
nailed it congratulations
alright now I can do more fake tricks
Mongo m80 primo frontside 180 tic-tac
Rollie pollie in verdict
Rollie pollie traditional style tweaking
it roly-poly
extension tweaking it it looks like you
just lose interest in skateboarding and
you just get on the ground and roll you
know what no no do it I give up sessions
no roly poly under side swamp leg this
is actually kind of clean tension -
where is index finger it that's what
makes it love I feel like that's the
trick that if parents caught you skating
they'd be disappointed in you what is my
kid doing dumb step kids rolling around
on the ground again it looks like you're
like you're imagining you can skate vert
it's impressive now he's no longer
skateboarding this is officially
freestyle oh the rope climb Rambo slam
bow combo that's pretty good alright
that's pretty good this is a good one
primo 980 Oh with the hand touch which
is actually a newsman yeah and freestyle
for some reason that makes it better
try to clean it up Mexican and flip n
flate primo do into the hermano floor oh
that was really good hermano flip surf
inverted jelly stall
it was urgent Rick inverted jelly stall
Samoan death walk is what he's setting
up where no he changed it into the
one-footed poly walk 13 years it's only
allowed to be done every 13 years which
is why it's called the Southside
deathmatch oh okay look at the Polliwog
was that triggered there was that name
in there converted Polliwog is the south
this is probably what skateboarding
tricks actually sound like to people oh
yeah tail stole rail stall inverted
royal dog we said that was called the
mist is that it doesn't go to mist
mysterious this is legitimately
mysterious cuz I can't I have no idea
cuz he oh my gosh this is never gonna
happen
mysterious he'll hook did you know you
were gonna say that that's what the Trix
called what would happen over there
serious we'll never know
patty-whack coming up in primo pale
thank you you did some really good stuff
and we we joke messin making fun of
freestyle but it's all good nobody kid I
appreciate what you do brother and then
thank you for whatever you do just did
there it's a fantastic these guys
channels are in the info please click on
them right now you're gonna find some
really cool skateboarding stuff there
some hilarious any you never know what
somebody having an interesting time you
never know what's happening on his
channel but uh super good skateboarding
too and thank you guys for reading this
he
you see the Bohemian Rhapsody what was
that he was kinda leave me hanging we
better see the Bohemian Rhapsody next
time we do this alright alright
believe me Rhapsody oh yeah here it is
here catch ok so calmly catch I've
thrown my camera here before and it's
never once been dropped
my shoe is that the name of the trick do
you guys count this as a tricking for
you so yeah learning how to tie your
shoes pretty tough thing for a
freestyler
