guest appearance Strauss was like up in
the air and he was holding the board but
he was off it and he was on it power
high pot
well you gotta say man alex is my boy
that's what you got to say here oh cool
man hi man my name Thomas I smelled like
buzz
dude will you land this something's
Goods gonna happen I can't think on the
spot apparently babies will be born
freakin hamsters will open their
eyeballs I don't know if something's
gonna happen why are you on your feet d
on your skateboard first try hi good job
Thomas high-five high-five it high for
it oh my that was a good that was an
array of thing
hey that didn't scare you at all a dead
scarier did you know what you did open
flame hey when you okay put that on the
computer yeah slow-mo that you're gonna
so you won't silent think I can see your
face in the shot
you
