alright guys remember when I did that
first person video where I held my
actual DSLR camera up instead of a
normal go pro I'm basically gonna look
like this while doing tricks just
holding my camera here yeah that well
I'm doing it again let's see how it goes
I got nothing to explain for that that
was just stupid
see how small that looks so I'm skating
is this tall it's like psy height that's
a hard one that was the hardest lamb i'm
done with the camera I think I broke my
foot middle finger let's get him land
gonna mess with him but now he's rolling
away i'm a sweaty mess right now I'm
like the kool-aid man
sweating that's all that's all I got hey
I didn't do think I broke my my middle
finger that that is something that I
think it happened goodbye guys
you
