Alex Munich candy shop would you like to
do tricks for my channel like cereal
trips no oh no man gonna be what are we
what're we were children yeah semester
tricks
that was it down I was about to call
your Dallas down i'm in dallas Alex
Daleks is all the salt sounds kind of
the same not really you got to be
kidding me did you mean to do I'm about
to get hit didn't mean to do that never
tell YouTube that because if they don't
see this clip they won't know hey your
foot in I don't even know it did I can
edit it out and it's to the other team
if you like anything this video and
probably 14
yeah my time this goes up it really was
that was I mean I don't use this word
lightly but that was straight-up radical
Braddock this language so you're so hard
during the board was like this
good job Alex ready camera
why does Neil and crap like that but
just throw it back on your feet is it
that hard to skateboarding that hard yes
it is all right guys for more awesome
skating and just all around funny
entertaining videos click the bottom
link right there that will take you to
alex's channel and then the music's
about to start and it's gonna be catchy
and you're gonna be bobbing your head
you're like yeah all right I could I can
click a link to this music
