you too what is up guys stop selling
pretty awesome to tell you I have gained
the ability to randomly make parts of my
face disappear at will watch this see
what I say what I tell you just a
floating mouth sitting here on YouTube
saying things you don't care put what's
up guys this is an update video where I
talk about life and all sorts of random
stuff and I'm gonna kick this off right
with some old clips that were sent to me
by my friend Peter Franca's the first
one is a wonderful kickflip okay when
you see it being performed you're like
well that was wonderful okay it's by
Alex beening and he has no idea that I'm
putting this on YouTube freaking claps
claps for olives and here's a clip of me
trying a 42 stair handrail that there
was no hopes of me ever landing and I
locked in and jumped just just watch it
just watch it like what was that Andy
okay at least you tried it I'll give you
that but now you're sitting here years
later you haven't landed it and you're
talking to yourself and a third person
on YouTube okay who's crazier now you or
me but yeah my friend Peter sent me
those and I thought it'd be funny to
show you guys so hope you guys were
entertained by that but now to the part
where I stopped waving my hand like this
no you guys know my life has been busy
but I'm not sure how I survived the
month of December okay the month of
December was like the video games where
people are chasing you and you got to
keep running or if they catch up with
you you're dead like that was me and I
got past it I got to the finish line I
think if there is one so this is what I
was doing kay I was working 15 to 16
hour days because I had so many revived
orders that had to get sent out I had to
do a video work on top of that and I was
moving okay I'm just moving to a new
house which I'm now in and we're kind of
settling in but it was it was insanity
like I have never nights when I woke up
and I realized that I hadn't even been
sleeping I was like I'm just sitting
here what does this happen I thought I
was sleeping that's actually not true at
all but I wouldn't be surprised what
happened I just forgot about it cuz I
was so insane and then on top of that
stuff I've been trying to edit the
following video which is finally
wrapping up by the time this video goes
up I hope to have the video done and
sent off to the people that need to
print the DVDs and whatnot it was it was
an interesting month I did don't see how
I got through the holidays I can't to go
Christmas shopping and do all the
Christmases and all that stuff and I
like I mean look at my face Color Me
enjoyed because I did enjoy family time
like I still made that happen but it was
it was a video game
my life was a video game okay one where
you just relentlessly have to keep going
before you die and now that the new year
is here I'm pretty psyched to get going
on the new stuff because revive has
found a warehouse it's not like a
completely official yet but I believe
we've picked one out and we're gonna be
moving into it within like a month and a
half two months so I look forward to
that happening because that's definitely
happening and we have a lot of decks
coming in for the video release that's
gonna be Valentine's Day so the video is
gonna come out along with all of our
decks and hopefully we'll have some hats
I'm not sure I know we have a new tee
coming in soon so a lot of stuff is
happening in the revive world so watch
out for that now since is the New Year's
I got to talk about resolutions but
don't worry I'm not one of those people
like it's gonna be a new Andy cuz I
believe there's no yesterday or tomorrow
aside from the fact that there
absolutely is
but there's today I'm saying you know
you when you when something needs to be
done you just do it you start right now
so I haven't you have some goals for
this year because I you know I plan
things in my life I'd I say I'm gonna do
this by this point in my in whatever and
it happens so I'll tell you my goals
okay I'm not gonna be one of those gym
people although I do go to the gym first
off I want to write another book I don't
know it's gonna be published this year
but I do want to write another book and
then second I want to release an album
okay like I'm rock album a lot of you
guys don't know but like the outro music
and all my videos and like all the outro
music and there we are avenges that's me
that's like songs I've written and went
to my friend's studio and recorded so
I've got some songs I've got to kind of
already done but I gotta like redo them
record all the other ones I have written
and believe Sam Taber's gonna be working
with me on that one so hopefully you
will see an album released in the summer
I don't know when it'll happen but I
want it to happen this year hey guys I
got a story to tell you okay before I
leave this update video I've got a story
that should put you on the edge of your
seats okay you're gonna be having some
popcorn you'll be throwing it around and
scream and girls are gonna be hugging
you it's gonna be crazy maybe not so
much but I'm gonna tell you story
so I'm sitting right here I have my my
desktop computers I have my laptop I'm
editing the live skate dive full-length
revive video on my laptop I came up with
just some stupid problem with QuickTime
and my friend Ryan Chambers is like why
don't you just update your OS X your
operating system on your computer it
should fix all this and it's free it's
free write my name on that petition
I'm in ok so I started downloading it
and then I restarted on computer because
it's got a restart to install and then
when it's reinstalling it gives me this
awesome message saying your disk is
corrupt Andy and you're not going to
solve this so go back to the old one so
I tried to go back to the old one and
then it was like no your disk is
corrupted camp with you older it's like
why'd you even erase that you idiot
computer they are the idiots computers
are idiots it's a fact look it up on
urban dictionary everyone knows that
computers are idiots
so I'm stuck with a computer that just
does not do anything and apparently one
hard drive is just malfunctioning so I
in intelligent myself and basically the
computer is like saying get these files
off your computer because it's going
down you got to reformat your hard drive
I'm like alright do it then of course I
can't get the files on my computer so
everything like I have my computer
backed up to a point but there's like
25% of it I hadn't backed it up so I was
that not good guy I was just not a good
guy at that moment and I was like if I
lose this I will lose months of work I
will lose a lot of footage like footage
that you would see basically this game
video wouldn't happen it wouldn't it
wouldn't have happened so me being a
MacGyver of some sorts found a way how
to get the files off the computer I put
him on external hard drive it was like
750 gigs of footage so I was happy I had
my computer I could just reform at my
computer and start fresh ok fresh start
with my laptop well let's do this thing
the right way so that I'm putting the
files back on to the fixed computer and
I drop the hard drive and it smashes on
the ground and cracks the case I was
walking to the door to leave all day ok
so basically that's let's walk Oh door I
break my hard drive and crack it in
pieces and my heart just flies off into
my feet and into the ground
luckily I plugged everything back in and
it still read the hard drive and it got
most of the stuff off it but I was a
heart attack mode ok and after days of
dealing with all of this I finally got
everything back on my laptop and you
guys are gonna see a full length to
revive video I basically didn't need to
tell that story but it was stressful
enough that I wanted to tell you guys my
face is this long but that about wraps
up this update video and I got more
videos every single day so hit the
subscribe button if you're already not
to see more videos and I'm going to men
in black okay I'm gonna put on new
actually brand new sunglasses these are
the star storm named from earthbound new
revive glasses and to leave I'm going to
do something daring okay I'm gonna go
like this no my mouth let it go through
it K Oh
imagine if that would hit my lips it
would cut him and I would have I would
have cried like a frickin garbanzo bean
better people
no I'm not one of those people that are
like I'm gonna be different because I
believe that there's no today now
they're absolutely yesterday you're you
see you talk but is that good put off
things right okay and I'm gonna give you
some old clips of clips that are that
are word repetitive use this is the look
of disappointment in yourself okay so if
you ever look in the mirror and you see
this face you're like up and
disappointed myself even if you didn't
mean to be okay it just happens that way
who I'm editing my I'm editing lips Kate
I don't know a hand was a transformer
shut up
so I'm sitting right here okay I have my
this thing what it what is what are you
calling you've got a desktop computer
cuz you're on a desk you're on top of a
desk come on shut up five orders that we
got in out what was that like little
like twelve-year-old girl happy to growl
mad like you're an interesting character
Nene and I look to see where like I look
forward to seeing where this this
character will take you what gosh I'm
horrible
