when you come to escape worked with
beanie he doesn't stop telling you to
film him doing random things well he
lands a lot of stuff so it's okay but
that's what beanie is on a skateboard
doing well he's gonna do a benihana over
the whole thing and I'm just gonna
switch you all right like oh you're
scaring me man you're scaring me leave a
note but don't do it to your ligament
don't do it is he avin yeah you got it
all right I'm ready for this come on hug
me it's a hug that's a hug one dude
biggest Benny Hannah ever pretty Hancock
Oh Betty hand I'm talking like an
Australian I just defending Australians
talking like somebody that's not
offensive I don't know I'm done talking
go high five time go high five time hold
up I got that because I was filming
weirdly with my left hand but awesome
you
