well skate the skatepark no you don't
because it's covered in snow I'm gonna
do what everybody does in the winter
everybody skateboards I'm gonna snow
skate with not a real snow ski it with a
skateboard I'm gonna drop it on this
first are you ready to film this I'm
ready
all right I'm probably getting dive drop
your snow skate where the camera is the
exact same thing
first try first first try shows everyone
I'll shove it don't snow things that's
all I'm thing do it site slight psych
psych psych
sorry man I hit the end the shin and
then I slipped on ice like a guillotine
chair leg man sorry this is the end of
video doing something that I should not
do not because it's dangerous what it
might be but because I'm gonna be wet I
don't want to do this that's should I do
it yes all right cool dude you got a do
they know I mean it's like it's like
literally gliding through snow peas
Snoopy I'm good man I'll die again
all right people since he's not gonna do
you got to go to his channel to watch
all the stuff he did on this I read
nothing and uh click it I don't know
where it is it's uh it's right here it's
i'ma near him click that right there and
I'll take you to this channel he does
pretty funny videos skating skits weird
stuff and then if you wanna see more
from me boom click that up there and I'm
gonna go heal my foot and not your
business I always do that Sam I say this
is what I'm doing because I'd have to
tell everyone we don't do anything
unless I know your visit it is another
business though why'd you slap me
