oh my gosh I have been there okay you
know you're skating your board sticks
and you fly backwards and you're scared
because whatever is below you you're
hitting I mean it could be like a
freaking small child it could be like
some of the stabs you like the pit for
Mortal Kombat you don't know and luckily
for Sam flu hearty only the ground was
below him but that still hurt I mean
honestly he's just laid there after he
fell he kind of twiddle his fingers like
he just didn't move he was like you know
what I might bite my time he started
twiddling his fingers his fingers were
definitely dancing which is not that
masculine to say but this is an older
fall you've may have seen in the video I
think it was in a slam montage but this
is one of my favorite falls I looked
back in my archives and I was like I
would love to talk about that fall
because when it happened I enjoyed it no
offense Sam I mean it was it was a good
fall and the conversation that follows
is hands-down my favorite part of this
vault me the fall was good don't get me
wrong but listen to what happens you
have a concussion No yeah that is why I
love my friends I got a good group of
friends that equally make me less sense
than I do what that equally don't make
sense as much as I do I don't know I
can't speak words but if you've been
watching my channel for a while you
noted this Sam moved out to California
Northern California and he hasn't been
around to film much so I'm gonna show
you guys a recap of some of his tricks
and you're gonna like it so if you find
yourself not smiling you better I'm
gonna force a smile on your face when
you're watching this watch it
I did smile so if you like that footage
be sure to watch out for our full-length
skate video lip skate die over by
revived skateboards that's us it's
coming out Ballantine's day and sam has
some trick so you've never seen it he's
he's got a handful of stuff in there and
you're gonna you're gonna not have this
face we could have a hat much positive
more positive face than this but I hope
you guys dug this video I might take a
break from fall Fridays and do like
every other week I don't know whatever
happens in your subscription box that is
what I decided to do but if you liked
what you saw here hit the subscribe
button down there and I do daily videos
just like this with skateboarding weird
stuff whatever I get into or I think's
interesting so on that note I will see
you guys later and subscribe or die whoa
whoa whoa
I smiled oh my gosh that's chair you're
scared it's freaking charity able to
throw chair at you yes no absolutely no
you threw a skateboard at me
