I've got a bad feeling about this why I
don't know I just it's something's off
right now we're gonna do this the door
the door let's do this hold on no no
yeah yeah I'm good
one else Wednesday not abducted am i no
you're not I survived it imagine that
yeah that uh we've never done that that
was like the reverse we usually get
sucked in I like it dragged through for
me that was fun yeah it didn't feel good
to get dragged who is it this week I
have no idea
hey guys you're doing it no you're not
no wait what what you're doing it then
you are doing it that's fine okay and
I'm gonna make you do some things you
don't like you want to do great you're
going to do five kick flips to warm up a
different place in the park I'm gonna
tell you we're doing okay gang it's
gonna be it's gonna be cake blows it's
gonna be five okay
and then you have a mystery son baby
anymore oh no dude no what let's erase
the cake hope is that a bee house be
those actual bee that's all let's erase
the kickflips okay why no no Kiko so you
have to do five trendy skateboarding
tricks there's nothing wrong with the
bee and being trendy it's just kind of a
thing now there's things you can do to
make yourself a little more trendy
that's how you're warming up okay Sam
vessels gonna coach you and then a
mystery challenge and then you have
recently finally conquered your manual
three C's you shove it out that's true
and I want you to do it okay because you
did do it it took you army and if you do
do it then you won't have to eat a
concoction oh if you do land it
we're just rejoice I'll think it's
talking about how great you are okay
only the Lister three times well use the
magic of the first revived sticker ever
kind of it's a revenge okay
it's you ready I am you ready okay baby
all right get in get the heck in get in
let's ditch him let's just leave okay
bye
your first trick is you got a kick flip
your dog now you got a kick flip your
dog that's the picture back up back up
buddy I'm not talking about trendy
though keep flipping your dog take away
your doggies do your warmup so gonna
have to get trendy so we brought in
somebody that looks just dynamite you
don't look that great you know your
everyday average dude that's trendy or
whatever you want to call it and there's
nothing wrong with being trendy you know
it's just not you but you're gonna be so
dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
what's up gasps oh my gosh you see
nobody did that that was crazy
so start by warming up do the snap at me
know both ends there's like he did it
your shoulders were great I love your
shoulders okay oh my gosh all right so
first thing is first he's gonna tell you
how to change your outfit to look like
look it's like this okay all right so
first we got to grab the bottom of here
your pants you got to roll them up
calculated I'm not going fishing all
right and then what else does he what's
the next step okay so now he has to tuck
in his shirt this is Gary be cute
elevate to the next five tricks are
gonna be wonderful so now the Hat you
got it all you got
I was thinking dude wait what how why
did you get to have that no no you're
doing it wrong you did it wrong water
completely it's got to be the last feet
leveled with your eyebrows
Wow oh my gosh Wow
it's annoying look like somewhere that
tried to be an elf at Christmas and just
failed
you can lend them a sloppy he's got you
five tricks that matches this style okay
no comply I am seeing way too much Shin
right now
one oh wait no we don't I realized to
like celebrate yeah okay cool yeah hey
trick number two back side power slide
so it's like you imagine you're doing a
backward board like a back flip almost
but you got to do it stylus like
do it again snow not stylish but he did
it right what do you say this decent I
didn't like him he's not cut out for
this is a no - your third guess the
third trick that's
I feel like gravity went off a second
there
yep
now come on you got it in all a body
where he's just lazy ollie it anywhere
it works demonstrate for us
all right yes yes for the back door we
don't know how many do we have for 35 us
he's doing it over immediately I'm gonna
straighten the fifth trick
you're sorted that was like the equal of
like someone's never skateboarded like
trying to jump up let's just put the
board over and do it on that good answer
that was like the best one I've ever
seen you didn't like it was like upside
down at one point
I filled it terrible all right well
since you're not happy about looking the
way you did I will give you a good
mystery challenge you we're gonna have
to dance is instantly changed you wait I
won't make it dance that's what was
gonna happen but I like your feelings
today KC's won that dancing you have to
say the like the what limbs you want to
move and he moves them okay and you can
control I so if you say left his left
arm starts dancing if you say left again
it stops okay are you you good for that
I don't know what kind of challenge this
is right they gotta keep moving it yeah
stop that's pretty good all right there
you go
did that brighten your mood a little bit
dude you did an awesome um I think I'm
gonna give you my kind of a challenge
where he's like it says great toys stop
yeah
man you'll free up time okay we didn't
just like a time limit so we'll just
give you the standard ten and then if
you miss it I get to make any sort of a
drink concoction you have to drink it
there's gonna be a treat if you do it
I'll play a song for you
okay I didn't start it if he lands it
within the first minute he owes us money
because that's not fair you're supposed
to be bad at this it took him like
literally took him like three months to
land this I started it oh yeah sorry
huh yeah you got your bean counter it's
going okay I'm gonna be impressed he's
getting an bish i if you three flip old
fry he's three flipping at are you gonna
3-foot eight minutes and forty seven six
yeah
hey best I'll have a shoe
yes six minutes in that seconds plans in
this next try you get $20 send the
contract
don't know the talents not down it's
like that boy that that song like Ring
Ding Dong keep the heads ringing yeah
ding ding dong hey the good tom the
cooked on that one leg was wacky oh my
girl the stool like with a minute left
45 seconds about two more tries whoa two
more tries dude that was probably as
close one
not bangerang
till one let's go to the fridge
Brunner's great great all right Brian
I'm gonna make it interesting
oh you know we're gonna saben Anna
pepper rings maybe just some juice yeah
well that's a lot gzhel piece that's a
lot it looks like P little P alright get
some roar superfood in there okay get it
get a little scoop and then of course
hot sauce okay put that in there this is
disgusting yeah I don't know is this is
this Papa turts potent because there's
like 20 drops in you know I put more in
let's shake it all right add some water
sweet you stir this is a warm drink yeah
yeah I mean we'd have to put it in a
coffee mug maybe mix it up put in a
coffee mug and we'll heat it up yeah
this is disgusting
alright this is so disgusting
but if it just melted the microwave
smell it dude the base is banana pepper
juice and then we have some roar
superfood we have some water we have
some hot sauce and that right that might
be chocolate aspect I don't know but it
is cut chocolatey it's like rancid
chocolate
oh oh you put the superfoods in here not
the plant protein yeah it's no the plant
protein outside you should just land of
your trick
oh my god that's so good is it bad
that's so like should I not do this no
you should do it
is it our record Oh
it's so bad it tastes like it tastes
like suppli what you and rotten
chocolate and you cooked it in a pumpkin
I got it like taste evoke in a rotten
pumpkin rotten chocolate this smell of
except it tastes like it's supposed to
be a drink though it tastes it tastes
like something rancid cooked in a rotten
pumpkin this is like puke second right
now it does kinda thing like throw it
has like puke so fake this dude for
being in this episode of warehouse
Wednesday he has a YouTube channel where
he does a lot of weird tastes type
things with heat and sour and whatever
he comes up with a the video that I just
wanted my pressed Saturday I actually
landed the next week I know he's a video
going up of him landing that trick so
that works out it's just whatever
happened on the top of the screen that's
where you click it and then it'll be in
the info as well thank you and if you
guys wanted to see more for me just hit
the subscribe button right below this
video it is free - and you're sad to see
more videos and we'd love doing them so
you guys have a great rest of your day
go skateboards you can and I'm gonna go
home I don't know
can i what about canned air you think
that's the thing I'm gonna put canned
air in my probably not a good idea cuz
that put this stuff in there yeah okay
we won't do can dear do you want any
canned air
how'd it taste smell it No
you
