alright guys a new type video for me I'm
doing my own first-person skateboarding
except I'm not doing it with a go pro or
anything else I'm doing it with my
actual Canon t3i so I'm basically gonna
look like this while doing tricks just
holding my camera here let's try it on a
smart idea but I'm gonna try so bear
with me guess bear bear with me are you
creeping around Thomas is a weird guy
got start with a kickflip how's my hair
look I don't care the one thing that's
really hard to do is make these tricks
look like they're off the ground because
way up here not you have to pop like
four feet to get off the ground but
you're actually four feet off the ground
the fisheye deceives you dude this is
not an easy one see I can go trick to
camera talk it's like skating too
annoying immediately there's a 50-50
kickflip
let's carry with a camera hmm but I'm
done here guys if you guys liked that
video give it a thumbs up and maybe i'll
do another one of these but i'm gonna go
so i'll see you guys tomorrow cuz i do
videos every single day can run throw
hoodie at my face then why I just did
that
haha first person fall look like a dumb
head hi stupid Andy you stupid Andy who
talks like that
you
