okay what happened what was that are you
alright
know this this is hard I don't how bad
do you feel now
there you guys go this is the newest
installation of my stupid slam montage
serious if it is a series you may have
seen some of these but there are
definitely some ones you haven't seen in
there and this is the only place you can
get them all in one place only place you
can get them all in one place I'm
talking better but these are the my
hands-down my favorite types of falls
you know you just see they're made so
you can smile at them laugh at them or
just point it up and be like that guy's
isn't bitty right there that's the one
that's the dude I gotta say my favorite
one is where Alex does the splits like 3
times in a row like he does the splits
and that's bad enough
and anybody tries to pick his foot back
up he just does it again and then it
happens one number one more time I mean
by the third time it happened I would be
like skateboard I'm going to rip you in
half I'd be that upset even though I'm
not necessarily strong enough to rip my
skateboard in half personally or
thankfully honestly that's the word Andy
you figured it out dummy and upon
further contemplation personally would
have worked up just fine words I don't
have any control of them but I do daily
videos here on YouTube so if you like
what you saw go down and hit the
subscribe button but until next time
subscribe or die
oh oh that was a skateboard
