that is what you call landing phrase you
know I slapped my hand on the ground
really hard and that's all that hurt so
who hasn't done this I mean anyone who
has learned to curb grind has this has
happened to them okay and they've been
like yeah I remember that day that
sucked I don't see Kurt your answer the
devil okay cuz if you don't lock into
them your board will roll on top of the
ledge and your feet will go with it and
your face will fall towards the concrete
and then if you're not coming out of it
right you're gonna hit primo like Sam
did and then your face is gonna fall to
the concrete right pretty much if you
don't land a career on your face is
going to the concrete okay that's like
nine to ten times there's a devil but
I'm kidding I love the trick but they
can definitely spill you to the ground
and throw you in whatever direction they
want to but my favorite thing about this
clip is that Sam totally almost saves
himself like he throws his leg down like
a smart human being and he's like you
know what instead of falling I'm just
gonna stand up and I'm gonna walk away
yeah I'm just gonna throw this leg over
here roll with it let's see if I gonna
fall to the ground like a sack of car
wreck Oh Sammy and that's exactly what
he did he fell to the ground pretty much
like a car wreck and I probably hurt I
mean he sent this clip to me on my phone
and I was like how high that man you
know I feel you right there buddy I'm
sorry that you felt that way because
that would hurt and it did in fact I'm
telling you that hurt you Sam Taber but
of course Sam actually lands Peregrine's
too doesn't just fly to the earth at a
high speed from them and he can land
some pretty radical meters like the ones
you're about to watch but that wraps up
this fall Friday guys I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you want to see more from
me hit the subscribe button I do daily
videos and I'll be back next Friday to
do another fall Friday but as I go I'm
going to turn this right here into a red
ball okay watch this
did you see the last part is green
that apparently give you bad rage
problems
don't throw your chair kids okay this is
a PSA from me no it's not it's not Golf
pretty chairs I don't care just don't
hurt anybody okay let's just see how
hard I fall maybe like a jelly bean
falling from a factory what
