The Grinch hated Christmas the whole
Christmas season
Merry Christmas people and if you don't
sell by Christmas it's still Christmas
Day and I still want you to enjoy it so
my statement holds true Merry Christmas
people and this hat is totally like one
size fits all and it doesn't look at
that look how big this is gay I guess
I'm not part of the all but why I'm
making this video other than to say
Merry Christmas is my buddy angel did an
awesome awesome edit and I was supposed
to be involved with it the footage you
saw the beginning the video is from a
skit that he did and it's really really
well done there's gonna be a link to the
end of it you need to go watch it I was
unfortunately sick so I had to like just
skip out on strips of Philadelphia and
it just hurts me it hurts my soul and
now that I saw the video I really wish I
could have made it but I was like
definitely sick and I had a lot of
worldwide work to do and just wasn't
happening I'm gonna make up for it guys
I'm gonna give some stuff away starting
with this this is an 8-inch defib deck
all you got to do to win this is go
watch the grinch video okay they'll be a
link at the end of this video and at the
top of the info down there so you just
watch the video and tell me what you
like about you're going to go down to
the comments on it and say hey I like
this just one comment per person please
and I'll go through them and I'm gonna
pick a winner and they're gonna win this
deck with some grip tape yes it comes
with grip tape and you'd win this
anywhere in the world and if you're
younger than 18 make sure your parents
know you're doing this and also just
make things a little more exciting i'll
be giving away at a copy of kinship over
on my official facebook they'll be a
link right down there for it just find
the grinch skate video at the top that
angel did and click Share and then
you're entered automatically to win a
copy of kinship guys and then that is
the last of my giveaways for December so
just to reiterate guys to win this
8-inch defib deck you're going to click
the link at the end of this video at the
top of the info that will take you right
to angels Grinch skin you're going to
watch it you're gonna like it and then
you're going to comment why you liked
it's only one comment and i will pick a
comments or to win this deck in a couple
days and to win the kinship video you're
going to go to my facebook and you're
going to find the grinch video it should
be towards the top and you're going to
click Share and that automatically
enters to win you a wonderful skate
video boom right here but thats it guys
I had to show you this kit and I had to
give away some stuff on Christmas so I
thought why not I hope you guys have an
awesome time and i'll be back to my
normal stuff tomorrow and i will speak
to you guys in the future the chur also
since it's Christmas you guys want a
cookie here we go just kidding you guys
are sitting in a cumulative in place
than me right now we can weigh different
I'm because I filmed this two days ago
but
this is Christmas if you show up to
where I am I will totally give you a
cookie ok I will find a way to give you
a cookie goodbye
I
