Oh
back it up back it up
you
alright so that was Jason Bastion and
yeah he just did a nollie back heel late
shove it like what I couldn't even do
that if I was if I could do that like if
I could learn that trick I would I would
not be good enough to win that and yeah
that doesn't make sense but neither does
that trick it was amazing if you want to
see more amazing skating from Jason and
other dudes click the link right down
there that's a slow-motion edit that is
shot beautifully but my friend Darren
over on beyond slow motion and you will
like what you see go watch it it's so so
good I do daily videos so click the top
if you're not subscribed to me but yeah
definitely go check out slow days 3 that
is the bottom link and then then you can
thank me because it's very very good so
hope you guys have a good day I'm out of
here and end of words
you
