what's up guys it's Tobin toy time oh
okay it's father-son pink cat kale ping
pong trick shots - yeah so the other one
we did you guys liked it a lot I got a
ton of use and riding said you wanted to
do another ping pong video and I caught
it but still alright we're gonna pour
some water in here and we're gonna do
some trick shots are you ready what pour
the water in some of it I'll tell you
when do it do it do it fast good all
right shot number one you got to bank it
off this and in to the island of ping
pong cup or whatever blue Cup you ready
let's see it oh my gosh you got close
first truck a second try
Wow way too much do it do it whoo oh my
gosh
you can't just throw it yeah do not
cheat oh yeah baseball player alright no
no no no you gotta bounce it okay oh my
gosh oh you hit me in the head
I don't know why's that alaa didn't hurt
at all oh we've got a cat
oh good job that was good
all right I'm gonna stand here and throw
it off the wall and back over here into
the into it okay Korean moon shot no no
I'm doing it it's my shot oh that works
see all right you ready oh my gosh we
got this we got this Wow got clean this
up oh they pull this back a little bit I
don't think you'll never think of what I
do
you didn't think I could do it you got
nothing to say all right now it's my
turn okay
now it might go is your joy your looks
good which one's her what no it's your
turn
yeah no it's otters turn be careful
carrying that are you strong enough yeah
are you sure you're like the Hulk
dude serious be careful you're not even
green you follow the Hulk would not have
fun so you really want to be my turn
okay cuz it's a spooky ones
it's the spooky shot so I should
definitely I'm doing the spooky one give
me those balls back what you doing but I
was totally tricking you into doing it
because I want you to do this booty one
okay okay I love you right in all right
you have to do a ping pong trick shot
off of a skill can you do it yeah this
is really creepy looking
it's big this is actually gonna be
really hard because he's around and it's
gonna like go every direction but you
got to bounce it off the skull into this
Cup okay
do it they immediately reject it you
ever seen yourself in the face Wow okay
let's change up strategy we'll keep this
mood you want kind of simple because
that skull is way too hard to make work
so just bounce it off his face into
there okay do it right back into your
hand okay oh close ooh oh my gosh
all right so this spooky skeleton is
boss dad showed him oh my god do it and
you see we're saying you couldn't do it
I know and you did it good job buddy I'm
proud of you
all right ridin so I'm gonna balance it
from here to here to there where you are
and into there you think I can do it I
can god I thought you just did this the
creepy one okay thanks buddy
oh my gosh it's gonna be hard this is
gonna be the hardest C in the world
right no no no
I love you
is it your turn yep do you want to do
the fridge trick shot hook then how
about the toilets trick shot yeah all
right come on you're gonna stand over
here don't Punk your head on the sink no
don't do that
right in Jesus it hurt yeah they don't
do it you're gonna hit it
yup here and it's gonna bounce in okay
okay do it oh my gosh dude I got India
I'll hold a skateboard here okay and you
got to get it in so Bank here to there
to end got it
all right trash can there we go oh my
gosh all right do it
you've got it in the trash do it back
and forth
super cool time you're one final one doc
give me it
okay I can do it riding for the final
one I'm gonna go up to the second floor
bounce it off this table and into there
what you think I can do it all right I'm
gonna try watch oh no watch out for all
these skulls okay they might come alive
why go get it
what are the odds of that football this
is Hera
thank you I'll give him the credit
because he told me to do it without your
idea
how'd you come up with the idea and
every time we do it we haven't done that
one before
there you guys go thanks to mom for
filming that last one and yeah we did
some fun ones I think we did better ones
the first time so maybe we should do a
third one and have like the ultimate
ping pong trick shots if you guys like
that idea
let us know by giving us a thumbs up
thank you guys for watching we had so
much fun doing this although it's
starting to get late it's starting
getting darker earlier which makes the
lighting kind of weird but you guys saw
the trick shots so I hope you guys dug
it this guy and I are going to meet up
with the family for dinner right mom
won't pop off laughs it's gonna be fun
so you guys have a great day I do videos
here all the time I do a lot of
skateboarding lifestyle stuff just
anything I think is entertaining so if
you get the subscribe button right down
below the video you are signed up to see
more are you going are you gonna
camouflage in there no this is camera
flops are you doing I can totally see
you still and just your butt right there
but yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another video you guys have a great day
and I'm gonna camouflage you look bump
bump
now you can't see anything
right do you know what the claw is from
yeah I've got a movie to show you it's a
good one it's called liar liar
why are you me what why bad lying is bad
and that's probably the more of the
store the movie but why did I get you in
the eye
yeah I did or the claw did I'm so sorry
I'm sorry buddy proper unit no the claw
look the claw I got here it's somewhere
in here oh no none of these guys have
eyeballs I really don't there and get
you new eyeball
