so you know you're watching great
skateboarding well you have no idea what
to call the trick that you just saw
I mean honestly can you really tell me
the names of all the tricks you just
watched no no that happened and if you
tried to you just beaten making up names
as you go for half oh what was that call
to push bounce and I'm really glad that
Richard Jackson's like one of the only
do is talented enough to go out and do
such creative and amazing skate tricks
because I don't want to go to the skate
park and hear people talking about heart
flip tree jumps it's just it may be too
much for my ears but still Richy Jackson
people oh my gosh you know who he is and
if you don't you're welcome you are very
welcome because that was the first
glimpse of the insane skateboarding that
is Ricci Jackson I actually know the
dude and he's an awesome guy and
honestly it's kind of funny because like
if you take someone skateboarding and
compared to the personality
I feel like Reggie Jackson is like the
closest interrelation from skating to
personality like you take his
off-the-wall skating and you have a
conversation with them and that
conversation is gonna be just as
interesting and creative like he has a
brilliant mind and he's an awesome dude
and it just so happens he's one of the
forerunners in pushing skateboarding in
different directions right now like it's
so cool what he's doing a skateboarding
and it really is like a breath of fresh
air and frankly we just need more people
like him in skateboarding like this is
exactly what we need because we don't
want to skate Indian style you know so
when I got the chance to upload footage
of Richie I jumped on it because
anything to spread the word about this
guy other it's kinda weird to think that
spreading the word because everybody
already knows about him but a theater
even a few people out there that haven't
seen him and this is your first glimpse
look up his skating it is insane and I
actually have an idea for our own video
mine called the Richy Jackson challenge
and I'm not gonna tell you what it is
but if you support this gun give this
video a thumbs up okay and hopefully I
can get out and get that done within
like a week or so I've got an idea and
it's gonna be funny because I am NOT
Richy Jackson but I do have something
awesome for you if you haven't seen it
he has a new video part out okay see
that box that just kind of like it
happens next to my shoulder click that
right now that's his new video part and
if you like the tricks you saw to be in
this video you will just oh my gosh this
one you'll see it and you'll be like oh
my gosh oh my gosh you probably say a
bunch of other things so check that out
guys and tell
him Andy sent you and then right there I
do daily videos here so subscribe to me
if you haven't but more importantly boom
Ritchie freaking Jackson people watch
out for the Richard Jackson challenge
I'm out good to the bye
