it's Christmastime and I feel like
skateboarding and delivering news
presents I honestly don't think it's
gonna go so well that's sound that good
and
what's up guys there's my yearly falling
in public as an idiot video I know it
says prank but it didn't really feel
like a prank this year because no one
reacted pretty much and seriously it's
Christmas guys have a heart some ways
fall in love Christmas presents like say
what up I'm gonna help you up and give
you a cookie and some milk in some
happiness but I can't complain too much
because it didn't have a lot of time to
do this like probably about two hours
total and then I only had one filmer and
I would like to thank him he's sitting
in that car Sam Taylor it is what it is
hopefully next year I'll have more time
to get one done like a full one but
regardless you guys have a great
Christmas Hanukkah
you know whatever holiday you celebrate
if you don't celebrate anything just
have a good time it's the end of the
year and enjoy it guys but I'm gonna go
subscribe for daily videos and I'm gonna
put this Christmas present and this guy
dead to dead today
three two one hike with the drill here
I'll get this one this one's broken
glass where to would put glass
everywhere in the parking lot I'm an
idiot
you
