all right guys I love Thomas alvarez I
mean he's my revive brother you know
he's like part of the family and when he
does things like this it just makes me
that much more psyched on him I mean
like Thank you Thank You Thomas I know
this could happen to anyone but I mean I
feel like when Thomas doesn't it just
has like a spark of magic or like Disney
or like freshly baked cookies sprinkled
onto it because he like he flips his leg
does like a backward somersault on the
bank and then runs up like a little
puppy but like ready to get a skateboard
like I'm gonna do it again then he
totally did do it again like it's the
same exact fall next try yeah all right
yeah man and I made my day twice is much
better because he was fine like I don't
get too worried about him being hurt and
then he just said you know like I could
just watch people doing backwards
somersault down banks all the day
they're just be like I wake up and watch
them and do that like all right I'm
ready to start my day my uh my backward
somersault a cup of coffee but if you're
any normal skateboarder this type of
thing has happened to you it if it
hasn't you need to go do it like go to
your local skate park and go try to a
50-50 saw and let your feet fall over
and you're gonna gently roll back
although if you don't have a bank you're
probably gonna hit your head so maybe
you shouldn't do that but still it does
happen to us so go down and give Thomas
a thumbs up in support say hey I'm like
you dude and I don't have a land of
thomas from this session because the
thing you did land i think you might be
saving for the full length video so i'm
not going to show it to you guys but
since i always show some land proving
that people have skill right here is a
clip that i have no idea because i
haven't added this but watch thomas
doing a trick
but thank you guys for watching the
video I hope you enjoyed it if you want
to see more videos from me hit the
subscribe button because I do daily
videos and then I'm always doing fall
fridays so next friday i'll have another
review on a fall and come on we don't
need it oh I'm gonna need that for our
names people
all right I love Thomas out right I mean
Brian that doesn't progress the
situation he's my revived brother you
know like he's part of my family really
sorry why do you have that ringtone it's
a rotary phone all right oh that didn't
that didn't work out for the for the
roof up just roof dust my gosh look at
this is
you
