kara crafts ladies gentlemen you can't
see my face cuz it's freaking lit up by
Gandalf oh who wants to get blinded and
do a trick I can't I'll try take your
flowing locks of hair and do it one more
time there's something else
we've got Sam chamber with a failure
noseslide and he's kind of sitting there
in a hoodie he's got a jacket on too I'm
so cold everyone else on YouTube is
probably colder than I did that is
absolutely true like no matter how cold
you are everybody on YouTube is way
colder and you have no idea what you're
talking about when it comes to cold
proud of you ohio weather sucks I stuck
a little bit it did what come here high
five the camera buddy yeah yeah that's
that all right for real for real let's
try two more times but I'm not just
showing you skateboarding this is a
giveaway video two guys is my third
video in December I'm doing one every
week so here is what you do okay on my
Facebook page to be a link right down
there you're going to go to it and at
the top of it I have a which we call it
a video okay it's dead body of the
skatepark it's where it got me like
falling down a bag looking like I'm dead
all you gotta do is share that video and
then in three days I will go and select
three winners okay two of them get
beanies one of them it get sunglasses
all of it survived stuff so that's what
you got to do if you're younger than 18
make sure your parents don't you're
entering this and then you can be one
anywhere in the world and that's it ok
guys just to say it again so you guys
understand it go to my facebook and
click the share button on dead body at a
skate park so and then that's it and
then you're entered and then three days
I'll pick the winners and I'll contact
you guys via Facebook and i'll announce
the winners on my facebook too just so
you guys understand it but tune in next
week i'm going to give you giving away a
skateboard so be excited for that and
and stay tuned ok subscribe for more
videos and I'm gonna go talk to these
guys and I don't really know what I'm
going to say hey guys you guys got to be
entertaining you have 11 opportunity to
be entertaining oh you just can eat it
hitting the leader again
that I feel like that did happen in one
video yeah it did how's your wiener it
doesn't feel good
everyone Hayes are so fun they are they
totally are
you
