so what you just saw was clearly amazing
skateboard y'all even need to tell you
that because when you're watching it
you're like oh this guy's heart from
your double set that I couldn't even
jump across this guy is doing a rail
longer than my house this skating speaks
for itself as what I'm saying and also
the videography was amazing like you
just your eyeballs all around liked what
they saw and the best thing about this
is that this wasn't from a youtube video
this skating is from an actual skate
video does anyone remember what those
are yeah I had one right here look a DVD
of a skate video like these exist still
and it's really scary to me to think
that the world is kind of going to where
everyone just watches skate videos
online like granted like I'm gonna
produce skate videos online for years
and years and years to come and I'm
happy doing that but I just don't want
people to forget about skate videos I
mean I know they release on my itunes
and the skate videos are always going to
be there but I'm talking about actual
skate videos that you put into whatever
media player and you sit on your couch
and you watch it okay you just there's
no facebook dinging yet or interrupting
yeah it's just you watching a skate
video getting really pumped to skate
grabbing your board and walking out the
door and going to skate but I'm just
saying everything's going to the
internet in like three or four minute
videos like people released apart like
and then people forget about it like we
used to watch the same skate videos
every day before when I was gated it was
awesome like we got so pumped I just
feel like there's some sort of magic to
that call me old-fashioned I don't care
but I'm just saying I don't want that to
change guys and I am here to just give
my very best effort to say guys please
support skate videos like when pretty
sweet came out it was such a big deal i
was like i'm buying it I'm going and I'm
buying and i purchased a copy of it same
with the zero video like if I believe in
the company or someone make it a video
I'm gonna buy it that's just what I do
because I really want to supports gay
videos and especially with the
independent filmmakers I mean like you
see a dude putting his hard work into a
video like you know spend some money and
support him because that keeps the right
people in the world doing the right
things it really does and even if you
want to do it just the support I mean
you can always grab digital copies of
skate videos and I know there are a lot
of people out there that just don't want
to spend money on skate videos but do
those people I mean like there's like a
thousands of millions of hours of free
skate videos online you're never going
to be in a situation where you just
can't find free skate footage online and
when my friends matt ballard and glenn
hammerly dropped this the kinship video
I bought it of course because they're my
dudes but also it's really awesome to
see people putting their effort
making a skate video where you can be
like yeah here it is they put their work
in in there and I'm holding it right
here it's awesome it's really good stuff
so I kind of wanted to use us an example
because Glenn and Matt and all the guys
skating and it did such a great job with
it like it's it's amazing content and
really well done so i want to say Matt
Glenn and all the dudes skating
congratulations you guys killed it in
this if you guys want to support skate
videos i'll put a link right at the top
of the info where you can check out a
trailer to this video and grab a copy if
you want to i'm not saying you have to
go buy it i'm just doing my part i
believe in these dudes and i just like
to see people supporting skate videos
i'm frankly i'm sorry if i sounded to
preaching in this but that's what i
believe so uh check out kinship for sure
because it's really awesome and i'm
going to be gone i'm going to go back to
my normal stuff where I just act like a
goof in front of the camera so thank you
for watching my videos if you guys want
to see more for me hit the subscribe
button and I'll be around every day I do
daily videos and just since I was super
serious in this video I'm gonna level
things out by launching a chocolate chip
cookie at you no I'm good Louis
laughter that just don't want to spend
money on skating what scape look let's
just say I'm calling oh yeah look I have
on right here a DVD that's backwards
good job you thought that one through
Andy
you
