the first thing we're going to take care
of the spoons okay these sucks oh good
nothing up here good I used this at
didn't figure I'm eating chipotle would
you like something from there ow I'm
just so glad we're friends again I'm
gonna flash-fry names it's only
September and they already have
Halloween stuff out I tell you they just
always jump the gun with it oh my gosh
it's massage time
you know I'm kind of down right now and
i wish i could find like an amazing
space to hang out but only they exist
anymore whoa hey you guys don't have I
proven oh good god face I got him in the
face
my hair looks pretty funny right now i'm
gonna go i'm gonna embrace what it looks
like kinda look like a Flintstone that's
what comes to mind but yet to what we're
talking about thank you for
congratulating me on hitting Sam in the
face of the chapstick that was like I
wasn't looking I mean clearly I was
looking at the camera and I just throw
behind me and it's one of the better
accomplishments I've had in my life and
for the zero people out there that kind
of was scared that Sam was hurt he was
fine and he laughed about he thought it
was amazing but that's really what we do
all day when we hang out we kind of just
mess with each other and Sam slaps me
and hits me off camera all the time the
times that I hit him are usually on
camera so I feel like on my channel it
kind of looks like we pick on him but uh
no Sam is my brother and in in fact one
time I almost him in the face of the
skateboard and I still to this day call
him just to say sorry because if i ever
heard Sam I'd be like you suck Andy but
yeah those are a lot of random clips
I've had along with some vines I've been
doing vine here and there so I kind of
want to do a video saying hey if you
guys have vine you can follow me I'm
just Andy schrock you know just it's
probably on the screen right now but
follow me on there I don't really do
them consistently just like once in a
while whenever I get a random idea I
kind of get my phone out and I do a vine
but if that's your thing if you guys are
if you're a binder like i like to call
them definitely give me a follow and I
don't know you'll see some random things
here and there but that basically is all
this video if you guys want to see more
random clip videos like this give this
video a thumbs up and I'll get on it I
think I probably already have more weird
stuff my cell phone because I'm always
doing something stupid otherwise I'll be
back with more videos every day so hit
the subscribe button if you aren't
already and I will see you guys in the
future but before I go boom you know
what you think these are markers they're
not there it'll 'he's ink skittles
literally just made that up with a spot
it was i like to think it was witty but
i think it was actually pretty stupid
now did you something about this stupid
hair goodbye guys
you
