I told you okay I'm freaking told you
guys the Casey could land tricks and a
lot of you people were probably like now
we can't because he's getting all these
fall Fridays all he does is fall and I
was like yes he can't I'll show you and
you guys probably said something but
I've been too busy to read all of the
comments so I didn't see that but I made
this video okay and I showed you shown
you I have shown you I've showed upon
you that he can't land tricks okay and
he did a wonderful job on some of those
tricks personally my favorite was the
nollie heelflip 360 I freaking love that
no I didn't hey I didn't say I needed to
see it again their video jeez a Pete's
but honestly it was worth seeing again
because it's a spectacular show and
Casey rocks at it yeah so there you go
the truth is unveiled okay to call the
x-files off because Casey Becker is a
shredder and that's just some of the
clips that he had laying around on his
computer and I was like thank you Casey
I'm gonna show the world these if you're
not subscribed to Casey I'll put a link
right down the info but definitely stay
tuned for more from him on my channel
he's always out with us and he's a good
dude
also beyond him landing tricks I still
want to make a fall skate park for him
like just all false so if you guys
support that idea go down there and give
this video a thumbs up and he's probably
gonna kick me next time he sees me
because I think really you turned a
freaking video about me landings tricks
into me falling again so uh sorry Casey
but I proved it I proved that you can
skateboard and just so you know I have a
lot of energy because I've been sick and
I'm like done being sick and I've got to
go skate for the first time in a long
time so I'm like really psyched and if
you guys can't afford drumsticks boom
here is a good pair of scissors and
screwdriver just no you know what I
don't know why I was saying this that's
a horrible idea
people gonna get hurt don't do this but
if you did I'm not a good drummer that
is the proof of that good bye guys
subscribe
pointing finger is out of the frame
and I'm mental apt I kind of cough left
which is called a calf that is a baby
cow actually complete lying to you
didn't mean to Pat I'm just kind of
talking what you do a lot
