alright guys so those were some more
clips from older videos there might be a
few ones you've never seen but i have no
idea anymore I've have eight hundred and
fifty plus videos but i believe most of
those were in like random talking videos
here and there and stuff so I was like
you know what I'm just gonna throw them
online so I'm not just sitting here
talking for the whole video people can
see their eyeballs with skateboarding
i'm a master of roots viewing out wrong
sentences the real reason doing this
video is because it's this week's
giveaway every week during the month of
the supper i'm give it away stuff and
this time i'm giving away two copies of
my book okay if you're good for user
like wait you wrote a book yes i wrote a
book if you want to know a little more
about it i'll put it down on the info
and then there will be a video link to
the end of this little talks about a
little more check that out but if you
just care about winning this well then
just continue listening with your ears
and if you can listen with any other
part of your body that's just impressive
alright so the way you win this is going
to be kind of annoying i'm sorry a lot
of people are gonna be like man if you
don't get here first you don't have an
equal chance it's like well that's just
that's just the way it works okay how
I'm gonna do this is that I'm thinking
of two random words and you guys have to
guess these words it could be anything
okay like any word from anything it's
probably going to be vulgar FYI but
you're going to go down in the comments
and just type one word per comment and
you can comment as many times as you
want if you really want to but you're
just going to try to guess one of my
random words and the first person that
gets one of them gets a book and then so
on the second person that gets the other
one it gets another copy of the book at
least there's two chances right so if
you're younger than 18 make sure your
parents know you're entering this before
you do it because if you win it i'm up
to get your address and if you're really
upset that this is gonna be a fast it
give away um don't worry i'm going to be
doing two more giveaways this month and
they're going to get better and better
so hang in there guys good luck and if
you
interested my book and you don't want to
try to win it in this frenzy you can
always grab it on my website I'll put
that down at the top of the info too but
it's just a nice rack calm and you could
pick up a copy of my book it'll be a
good Christmas present right and I do
want to say thank you guys so much for
all your support and watching my videos
and spread the word I do these giveaways
just to get back to you and a bunch of
you guys asked to give away some books
so this is here what I'm doing but the
important part is that I'm truly
thankful for where I'm at in life and I
have only you guys to thank so I'm going
to keep doing what I'm doing i'll have
more content every single day like i
always do and then watch out for more
giveaways and all that fun stuff i'm
going to eat a chocolate chip cookie all
right and then the videos gonna add you
know what no i'm not going to eat a
chocolate chip cookie in front of you
because that's just creepy why would you
you're sitting there at your computer in
like man I want to see and eat a
chocolate chip cookie it's kind of its
kind of you can't trust me I went back
on my word you gave a drunk me out guys
what about one of my life
and win both and when both words have
been guest i'll go ahead and close
comments to the video so if you can't
put a comment you're like well i didn't
win okay so uh there you go there's that
there's that morsel of information love
like I'm wearing elegant girl because
girls wrap themselves in blankets are
all warm and comfy comfy guys are just
like give me sticks and rocks and
uncomfort because I'm a man I have a
confession to make other than I look
like a freaking tomato in this hoodie
yesterday I through one of these bins or
cookies Dallas thinking it was going to
stay put because bins usually stay
closed and it didn't and cookies were
wasted I am sorry about the cookies iYou
know I didn't mean to way some men for
them to stay in the band be eaten later
but fortunately we got it on film so
watch this clip and goodbye tin of
cookies
you
