YouTube what's up guys it's been a
second but we are doing a can we break
it it's a little different this time
usually we're breaking like a TV or a
microwave or something that's already
broken these are perfectly good products
we got some bulletproof shoelaces
we haven't bunch of actually brian has a
whole fistful I got a pair we have a the
packaging right here it's got some right
wrestler
okay so bulletproof laces it's made with
Kevlar really what they make bulletproof
vests out of sure we can break these in
some fashion but I'm interested to see
yeah I'm like we're gonna be able to cut
them at least right maybe I'm interested
to see what what these endure we if we
were do a skate test it would take like
months to fully do one because shoelaces
don't just rip immediately we're gonna
do a free skate just for you guys but
let's put these through some damage
let's do some damage these and see what
they put up with the picture they have
shoes like a picture of ripped up shoes
and the packaging and I have no idea
like that
skateboarding wouldn't even do that it
looks like someone's dog threw up some
duct tape on these shoes and then ate it
all first test is the grip tape test
when you're skateboarding you slide your
foot on your grips have all the time and
that's what rips your shoelaces so if it
doesn't pass this it's really not a good
sign it's not funny he's gonna first but
I think it will rip we should get a G we
have a normal shoe lace so we can like
to be able a you know likes a dead
shield with my board
I've normal shoelace yeah so right here
is a section of a normal shoe lace okay
let's see if I can just rub the skin
some grips have been breaking right
that'll be easy that's surprisingly fast
I thought it would take a like like at
least 15 seconds that didn't last at all
okay here is the Kevlar pretty good yeah
yeah it smells
dudas it's holding up man yeah this is
not good on my grips hey my gosh that's
what happens when you when you will use
these it like hurts our board not your
shoelace pretty good dude okay
it smells like like burnt rubber I'm
like pulling apart - yeah I'm actively
trying to breathe but like it hurts my
hands I don't want to do this anymore
it's breaking the grip tape it's
literally it's breaking the grip tape
it's amazing all right
did it win I don't wanna hurt your board
I'm gonna use these like this is awesome
all right now it just survived let's
just let's just it's a pat it past and
past the grip tape test look unless you
guys want to sit here for minutes I
don't think it's gonna break color us
and press lost set this thing on fire
yes is your test you hold this taut you
hold that way second phase scissor tests
this will this will work right oh yeah
like nothing
okay well look it's like hollow you
undertook more tests give me the yellow
yeah okay it'll stand out all right
scissors it failed which is not a
surprise I'm gonna do it with me I'll
deal with it
all right need your board okay grip tape
test pass with flying colors scissor
test failed with flying colors now we're
gonna do a tug-of-war test he's coming
up with it I'm just kind of here for
this one he's an Eagle Scout so you know
he knows how to tie a knot look at his
face I don't remember the name of the
knot
but if the tried-and-true not and this
is not necessarily gonna for any village
board this might ruin our trucks yeah
and my it's just gonna fall you guys are
just fall off your skateboards I think
you're right - someone's gonna get hurt
doing this so alex is gonna jump and
roll that way
Bryan's gonna jump roll that way and
what's gonna happen is they're just
gonna fall and eat it so at least this
is entertaining
that was amazing
well that happened I'm fine so but I
just gave this so it passed the tug of
war test exactly what I imagined that
was so good it's exactly how all right
do that can you guys do tricks like that
like leave it on you guys to do a trick
like that so hard now you got it
how do you trick I meant like later
after we've gone through all the tests
but don't worry this is my don't know
what these guys were thinking when they
woke up apparently they want to get hurt
today
they're gonna being tied together
they're gonna grind the box it's gonna
get caught up in the back and they're
gonna fly forward
you guys can do that you guys gotta do
the whole thing
it's terrified
that is the dumbest thing I'll do this
week right or the best thing you'll do
this final test to burn it it sprays
gonna smell terrible it doesn't even
look inside it's not even getting dark
that's very impressive I'm polling TIFF
dude it extinguished the flame Kevlar
Mountain flammable apparently this is
like something properly everyone knows
like you're an idiot yeah oh no it's
darkening a little bit this is bright
Ames it's smoking
I don't know over there a little bit
move towards the door towards the light
watch your head don't blow the fire guys
I don't think you're supposed to hold a
lighter on fun now you're no more like
this is not how you're supposed to do it
at all don't do anything we're doing I
don't know dude this would probably an
hour kind of smells like hot pockets
here you light it when we pull it like
this I don't know that's gonna yes
everything let us be example of what you
should never do dry names it's fun
fire hi I don't feel it giving and I do
it it's getting stronger stronger yes
building an immunity it's not gonna do
it alright the only thing that hurt
these was scissors well I don't think we
skate with scissors put it on your
tongue no no no no
color me impressed
that was awesome so we were actually on
the we were doing this video because we
didn't know if we're gonna order them
and carry them in our store but we're
totally to do that now I think we are so
by the time this video is probably
exists you can get them on the Shred
course calm your skate shop might carry
them already who knows oh we support
your local scene but if not the strength
wars.com is there for you guys alright
it says this is for skateboarding only
too so it's really cool these are
specifically for skateboarding and I'm
sure they would work in normal shoes but
just so you know they're for
skateboarding only I'm gonna look them
up on insta I like the contrast I don't
think they're going to say tight as well
maybe they will and another thing I want
to say is that they're not overly long
like a lot of shoe laces are like this
long like these rock since this is a
skate video we are of course gonna do
some skateboarding for you guys but I'm
pretty psyched on these I feel like if
you've got these this is the only pair
of shoe laces you would need for a while
you can do check out the hip let's do it
I love skating hips
and her so bad
we did all three tricks man
this guy has a cheat code and when the
options menu I was like hey P and I'm
down left right oh wait no seals in 17
they don't have ups and downs if the 5
DLC in the BI treats yeah you get a bye
buttons there you guys go that was a
super-fun that was one of the best
sessions I've had in here during like a
normal video in a long time Schwarzer
squall time yeah you did you did like
every trick you knew like easy like he
did everything really good Alex and I
were okay he's injured so I guess you're
not okay but I think these dudes for
doing this with me I'm gonna put all of
their plus Brian's channels in the info
below I'm gonna put him at the top cuz
he crushed I'm gonna put him next
because it gets injured check them out
and if you guys bought these shoes they
are on the shoelaces they are on the
straight course comm so there is that
along with a million other skateboarding
needs that's it thank you guys for
watching as always I love you and I'll
be back with more videos very soon so
hit the subscribe button right down
below if you want to see more it's free
that's it if you leave a comment tell
them telling us what we should try to
break next they help they give me
anything like like a like a like a
freezer like a washing machine washing
machine
that'd be fun I'm scared Lord I think
I've to abd I don't know no just a
fridge here watching see you guys have a
good day goodbye
okay wait I thought you were saying you
have a record player in your car no like
like putting our record into your car I
was like wait what am i hearing around
somebody has that in the world you know
somebody pimped their ride and you heat
up bump but it would suck
no one even a traitor's relating right
now if you want to know what records are
mine I think they do they shouldn't know
cuz they still make them what that was
not a record scratch yeah shut up we're
done
no hate I take the back this should have
you were like the king in the session
euros so shut me up you have like a one
minute cool with me just looking into my
shoe I'm just like for a minute
