Oh
I
but I can't feel it
leave
but I can't you
what
I did it again guys that is my friend
montage 2 yes you've seen all that
footage if you can watch it on my videos
but this is what I do every one tomorrow
I save up footage of my friends or how I
like to think of them as skate family
and I put into edit like this one with
music that's enjoyable to watch without
me talking in between all the clips so
hope you guys dug it if you do like that
go down there and give this video a
thumbs up and I'll keep making these
videos and regardless of that I do
videos every single day so his ass crap
but if you want to see more from me and
I'm gonna go I'm gonna I'm gonna get out
of here and I get out here with style
okay Siri I need to get out of here beam
me out if you insist ha see what I say
Thank You Siri and adobe premiere pro
for letting me edit that
you
