question-and-answer time guys this time
is specifically about my book so it's a
little different I asked you guys to ask
me questions on Facebook and I'm gonna
go through them an answer about stuff up
I'm gonna try not to do any spoiler type
questions in case you want to read my
book but if you don't want to know
anything about it you want to read it
you can pick up a copy at any Stratcom
all the infos down there but without
further ado here are some questions
about my book yesterday raised a stand
asks in the middle of the book I got to
the part where you smacked your head it
came close to death and that really
happened and yeah I've answered this in
some older videos but I hit my head
skateboarding and almost died like the
doctors took my dad into a separate room
and they're like hey your son's not
gonna make it through the night and I
did and I continued living of course but
I'm totally totally accurate and that
whole scene is like dead-on Tom asks
will there be a sequel or part two love
the book and want to read more and I
definitely want to write more books I
can base on what I went through in life
but since a lot of it gets kind of
personal I'm not sure if I'm going to
publish some of them but in general yes
I would like to release another book
kind of in this series to the public but
no announcements yet mark asks how do
you come up with starting to write a
book well I was really really depressed
I hit him like a low point in my life
and I as dumb as this sounds I got
really into reading Harry Potter Harry
Potter is what like got me through this
depressing part of my life and when I
got done reading like up as far as I
could read in Harry Potter because all
the books were now and just hit me I was
like I want to write like I love this so
the first thing I wanted to write was
what I knew in so I wrote a story about
what I had just gone through Dermot asks
do you have any communication with Marin
and Nicole Marin here and there every so
often
Nicole no but a lot of other people in
the book I'm really close to to this day
like they're in my life on a weekly
basis brandon asks how long did it take
you to write and it took me a little
while it was the first thing I'd ever
written so that it was a kind of a
slower pace my I wrote like three other
books after that and those went a little
faster because I was kind of in the
groove
of writing tim says why didn't you have
all the text in red because is awesome
as red is that would make my eyeballs
fall out of my brain my eyeballs aren't
earning into my brace you can see it's
just messing me up even considering it
this is my favorite question Nicholas
says why did you choose to be a nerd in
the story uh because it's completely
accurate like I still am into Star Trek
Star Wars Lord of the Rings to this day
I mean you can say that makes me a nerd
but it's just what I like to watch and
get into like video games and superhero
movies that's what I'm all about um dan
dan s-says was your team actually called
the crew if not what was it called
we were the Beechmont mob and if you
ever see me wearing a shirt that has a
big BM like a white BM on it that is a
b12 shirt
Jordan Johnston says how many of the
people in the book do you still
communicate with today also did you
actually sell the crew videos throughout
your town when it comes to people that
last one could have taken my lip off but
I still talk to most everybody here and
there at least the main characters in
the book some of them like al new who
I've actually said is Brian names in
real life I see him like five days out
of the week because I work with him but
yeah I mean most people except for
Nicole I don't really talk to Nicole at
all anymore and the crew video is yeah
we actually were really successful and
the we were the Beechmont mob like I
said but we sold so many we saw we made
$2,000 in the first week from selling
our second skate video the me release so
we were like super successful we took
that made shirts and boards and it was
pretty awesome it only lasted a short
while but yes we did exactly what it
says in the book Mike asks did all that
trouble with Nicole really happen in
your life and yes absolutely every
single bit is like just dead on accurate
and actually you know is just to make
myself look even more stupid I left some
things out like I mean it was a long
relationship so there were definitely
some ups and downs but yeah there are
even more ridiculous stuff happen but
all the important like dramatic parts
are there Dmitry's asks is your wife
mentioned in the book what is the real
story in the last chapter um first
question my wife is not mentioned in
this book she came in shortly after that
after all the yesterday's drama and then
I
see her again for years and years and
years but so no she's not in this book
but the real story with the last chapter
that's the most fictional part of the
book but it is kind of based in the in
case there are a few people out there
that aren't that haven't read the book I
don't want to give too much away but
like as as far as like the the coming to
realization like when drew goes and
skates the loading dock and kind of
comes to his senses I had that exact
moment as far as like the car at the I
think it's at the movie theater that
that didn't happen at all so I'm trying
to be vague here but it's based but it's
that's that's like the chapter that kind
of like pulls the story together and
closes it and has makes have an impact
so that is like the most fictional part
of it but there are there are a lot of
elements that are actually based on
things that I experienced and what I was
feeling
Levi says well the physical copy be ever
be sold in Canada Levi dude it's sold
all over the world if you have an Amazon
you can buy it from Amazon so just go to
Amazon for all your us sirs go to Andy
Stratcom though Spencer says what really
pushed you to be straightedge throughout
the book slash your teen years it wasn't
about being straightedge it was just
about like not getting into things that
were gonna like get me sidetracked you
know and then I saw all my friends just
just kind of throwing themselves in
different directions especially like
right after high school like you know
friends getting into drugs and commit
suicide that happened twice I just a lot
of my friends quit skating just to party
and get high all the time and it was
just it was kind of a bummer so and I
thought that I was like if I got into
any of that stuff that I would like I
have an addictive personality so it
would just be kind of be the end of my
like determination and my my goals and
skating and stuff so I just stayed away
from it and then as I saw my friends
make more and more mistakes just gave me
more reasons you know but I've never
been like psycho like I don't like hate
anyone or dislike anybody if they do
that type of stuff at all and you know
I'm a lot more relaxed about it now I
don't you let it get to me of course my
friends are a little more level-headed
when it comes on stuff so Cory says it
says that a boreback sub or son was your
first trick is that true yes and I can
show you guys the park exact park
curb that I did it on is still there
John says how long did it actually take
to finish this book from pen to paper to
it being published well like I said it
took about a year to write and that was
when I was twenty years old
tried to get a published for a while
afterwards and then I finally just like
cuz I made a promise of my subscribers I
like just figured out how to publish it
I published it earlier this year so two
nine years nine years ish eight nine
years mark asked is your character Gary
based on your old friend Sammy hoping
and do you still talk to him today
well no Gary is not Sammy old and I
consider putting Sammy in there but I
figured it would get too cluttered if I
pulled in too many of the people that
skated with me so I just left in like
the people that were important to all
the drama and like the main storyline
but I still I've talked to Sammy earlier
this year I don't talk to a lot but Gary
the character who is Gary I talked to
him every so often he's still like a
brother to me and I was a good guy and
he'll always be what am I good friends
last question Ryan asks what is the
message slash morale you were trying to
get across if you could explain it in
the most plain language possible or is
it mostly a type of autobiography or
both well I say it's a work of fiction
because there are some things that I put
in there to tie the story together and
some things I just skipped over a made
simple but I mean honestly it's like 98%
of how and exactly went down all of
these characters are kind of based on
real people so I don't want those
certain people to get offended or hurt
so I just say it's fiction so people
don't kind of read into it too much but
the message of morale um you know I was
just trying to tell my story of what I
went through and of course I want
whenever someone reads it to take from
it whatever they do you know I want them
to read it and say oh this is what I
take from it I don't want to tell them
what they should take from it but I like
to think that like I mean the the
message is for me is just to say you
know like it's okay to be different
everybody lives their own different life
and feels their own different things and
just don't let it get you down too much
because life is tough like you just got
to keep going and enjoy it that's like
my take on life in general you know like
never give up just enjoy it and
appreciate what you have that's cheesy
but if you read the book I feel like you
get you get what I'm saying from it so
um thank you guys it was really hard not
to answer every single question on these
but
everyone who asked the questions thank
you very much I'll do another one of
these again in like a month or two and
and then I'll do a general question
answer video here soon but um it always
like it always like hits me like in my
heart when someone talked to me about my
book because like it's really important
to me and it's one of the things that
I'm that I've done with my life that I
really do want to get out there and if
people can like take someone from it
that's awesome it makes me feel look
really good so uh thank you guys
everyone who's picked up a copy and read
it and shared it with people like it
really does mean a lot and I definitely
want to publish more books in the future
so I'll keep you updated with that if
you do want to check the book out and
you don't have access to a copy you can
get it at Andie Stratcom I'll put it
right at the top of the info and also a
little bit about the book so uh I'm
losing my voice because I've been
talking too much but I'm gonna go thank
you guys for watching this and I will
see you in the future I just froze like
that that was weird
