alright guys so for the first time ever
I have to give you a warning and before
I fall Friday because they're usually
light-hearted and you just watch it fall
on your lap but this one is just
straight-up brutal like this is a really
hard slam and if you're sensitive that
sort of thing you're prescient be on
YouTube in general we might not want to
watch this video you might want to watch
something else because it's about to go
down without further ado burn you are
about to die you are you got it coming
buddy hands down the worst possible
outcome of that like you know you're
rolling up to a trick and you're scared
of it or hesitant not to say burn was
scared because he is just one amazing
shredder on a skateboard but you're
rolling up to it and you're like you
know what what's the worst possible
thing that could happen you know I can
hit the ledge I can flip upside down
bounce off the ground and smash my face
that's the worst that could happen and
then it happened like it straight-up
happened to burn and like I'm not
showing the rest of it but it's like
he's kind of freaked out with it and he
takes it like a man she kind of gets up
but he's like alright you know what I'm
just gonna have a seat I'm gonna sit
down but they're just eight concrete you
want to go to the water fountain I can't
stand up but it's kind of horrifying to
watch you get that thing in your chest
you're like I'm gonna hug you man I want
to buy you Jersey Mike's I want to buy
you Chipotle I'm gonna do something to
make your life better at this moment
because you just ate it you really ate
it he's tough as nails that's one of the
hardest lambs I've ever seen I mean
there's you know you've seen some pretty
bad ones online but that's really bad so
you know a lot of these fall Fridays I'm
like and he's a good skateboarder but
Burton is not just a good skateboarder
he is a great skateboarder he actually
has a part in the kinship video and if
you want to want to see a good skate
video go down there and click the link
watch the trailer and buy it because
it's so terrific it's done by my friends
Matt Ballard and Glen ham early and a
lot of my friends have skated in it but
Byrne has a video part in it and it's
mind-blowing I actually have a video
coming out on it next week so I'll watch
out for that but just to prove how good
Byrne is I'm gonna play two clips from
the kinship video and you're gonna love
it I mean you're just gonna like whoa
you're just gonna wow it so watch it
see yeah you know what I'm saying
so go down there and give this video a
thumbs up not only because Bern could
take one of the hardest Slams ever like
a champ but also because he knows how to
move a skateboard under his feet I mean
like seriously and he's like the nicest
dude in the whole world you meet him
you're like oh I didn't know you my best
friend was here like I just met my best
friend he's like that nice of a dude and
he's so humble like I just I feel like I
should be there when people meet him
like hi this is burned he can fall
better than you and land tricks better
than you
no I'm kidding I wouldn't be that much
of a jerk but seriously is like the most
humble nice dude ever and I'm so so
pumped honest but that's it guys hope
you guys enjoyed this video I'll be back
next week with another episode of fall
Friday and then I'm sorry I missed last
week I was sick and my life was kind of
crazy but I have videos every day so
there's a scribe button if you want to
see more for me but I'm gonna go for now
I'm gonna be on my way out I'm gonna
show you my ninja nunchuck skills
sitting on a desk because everybody
doing this way more effective than I
ever thought I would do I thought I was
gonna hit everything I should keep going
then right yeah there there you go screw
up a tea I'm gonna be honest I just
totally impress myself I dunno I think I
that was good to go that well but I'm
done not shocking subscribe or die
alright guys here's a trick my Taekwondo
instructor taught me one time with a
nunchuck and a stack of cookies okay
I'm gonna knock this one out and none of
them else are gonna move some frickin
tough cookies I mean that's just a
straight-up
stack of tough cookies ooh I cracked the
lid alright alright I'm done
