first session back since I've been sick
and I'm trying to check that I'm oddly
enough never landed before a 50-50 back
fifty fifty three full bout I don't know
why I haven't done it i just kind of
suck at it so I'm feeling it today I'm
gonna try it Dallas bounce forward
you'll be the cameraman I'll be the
cameraman alright i'm not going to hit
you i'm not going to hit you
it slips out a grind it's not as a no go
okay and I'm not a talented skateboarder
but if it stays in the phone for my
school teacher is like dude that was
like extra credit like it's like
struggling you're talented wasn't it
does that count no I don't think I do
got this I just like torment it's all
that coughing man you're like you know I
like something inside like an alien is
bursting from me right now this is a
difference between talented
skateboarding and stubborn skateboarding
guy's talented you just see those dudes
killing skate parks it's like a dying
scene in the movie stubborn people put
like me try a trick for an hour and a
half to finally get it and I'm going to
land of mind sloppy so if you're not
talented don't worry cheesy as that is
i'm cheesy guy be stubborn and you'll
let eventually land stuff instead of
landing and i'm just gonna finish Bray
dude I think I might die after this
video everyone's gonna be like and even
either take it easy you do work too hard
how I like I like skateboarding in this
video so just gonna be T you want to
film a video yeah I'm down nice shirt
though dude I so Rena Stimpy right give
somebody were you gonna flick me you
actually thought I know
you
