this is funny splitter montage 12 stone
revive news what I've got a lot of crap
talk about why you take why are you
saying it I'm just gonna talk about the
tricks that were in my know after years
you think that I have a different way of
dealing with not talking correctly words
this is 2013 let's go to Facebook no
we're friends not online friends what is
this about no no no I have I have issues
yes I do hey guys hope you guys got a
chuckle out of it like I did a chuckle
who says chuckle really come on handy
that is hard that did not feel good at
all you undo again yeah didn't hurt that
time make sure you subscribe to my
channel and I will see you in the future
the show didn't hit me in the head I'm a
failure I have a failure yes I am I am a
failure give me ham just kidding I want
Turkey now because that's the sandwich I
eat what's up guys so I wanted alright
do this I can do this don't smack me
maybe he stole a kid some kid love money
exactly like a t-rex like you watch a
movie with Leo DiCaprio and don't watch
a movie with Leonardo DiCaprio you watch
a movie of Leo DiCaprio is in it oh it's
not true I mean that's seriously an I'm
sure I you can watch me with Leonardo
Caprio I just personally haven't done it
myself but now that you have all the
info let's
can I go ooh Braille it's not the funny
looking at letting me format you sitting
down YouTube just it at me it's not cool
man it's not cool
leave a stack of awesome nitendo games
onion plant I've never played Wind Waker
so my cell phones texting away no it's
not texting it's receiving text a hobbit
- I'm gonna watch it and I'm gonna I'm
gonna snap up and I have an injury out
on an eight surfboards like I get
injured can you speak talk words to me
snake sound
I'm really excited to find her I really
got it what can you pronounce Iain
anything you freaking guy in a chair
yeah just meet Jim just a guy in a chair
five headache this one was just so clear
and I was like I was like mr. white
where are you and he was like nobody is
here talking to you talk to yourself
Andy sound like an Indian Michael
Jackson you know what a lot of you were
to be like what are you racist like just
because you talk about racism in your
racist does anyone have as anyone ever
process that in their brain like on
Caucasian oh my gosh I'm racist against
me what what kind of argument is this
I want mayonnaise on my sandwich I don't
know work I have I don't two weeks when
it comes to tricks but I got to go yeah
yeah yeah yeah so I finished up the
season finale to daxter to to daxter
what are you doing idiot this is just
ridiculous
it's a nun a he's right in years yeah 15
I can't count
congratulations your breath smells so
have a breath mint now
how I stepped on my foot
not this one that one
subscribe or shaving cream does not
taste good
who are they after here Ralph show bad
Oh tell all right al
you
