you
you
alright guys i'm sick as you can hear I
sound like Darth Vader's fitness
instructor uh but that's why you're not
seeing my face right now but your mind
should have just been blown like that
was that that was frankly Frankie I
don't even know what to say about that
skating it was amazing that was Jonathan
Bastian he is a one talented
skateboarder and he's a contest skater
obviously he is super consistent the
video itself was actually done by my
friend Darren he does a lot of Awesome
edits here on YouTube so if you want to
see more of Jonathan or Darren's videos
click that bottom like right down there
that'll be for his video burn which is
some gorgeous skateboarding with some
fire so check it out and if you're not
subscribed to me and click the top link
and you get more daily videos like this
but i'm gonna go i'm gonna go rest and
try to get my voice back say bye bro
names why
