hey I'm 12 and I can kickflip can I have
a free skateboard get get out of here no
you cannot have a free skateboard but
what's up guys I am finally doing a
video on how to get sponsored I can't
believe I've never done this video being
sponsored is apparently a huge deal to a
lot of skateboards out there when I was
younger I had dreams of it too and I did
get some sponsors before starting my own
little adventure here with her Bob
skateboards so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna tell you my story on what I did to
grab a few sponsors when I was younger
and then what I just from knowing the
way things works my knowledge and what I
think I'm not trying to say this is the
standard for everybody I'm really just
trying to tell you what I think if
you're really gonna try to get sponsored
out there I'm gonna give you my
knowledge and opinion and hopefully it
helps some people out I was 14 when I
started skateboarding I started watching
zero videos Twyman videos and I loved it
and I wanted that I was like man that's
what I want to do I want to be a pro
skateboarder and I'm not like I don't
even want to be a pro skater anymore I
I'm doing my own thing and I feel like
that would just had a level of stress
but when I was younger I totally wanted
that so what I did is I we filmed a
bunch of skateboarding all the time I
feel my friends they film me we made
some homemade skate videos and
eventually I took all of my best footage
I put it together in like a two and a
half minute three-minute mmm thing not
more than three minutes and so I had a
tape and I can handle and say I want to
you know I like your company I want to
be sponsored this is the creepy area I
just I sprayed spray blooded that the
other day doesn't matter though so my
first sponsor I was in Riverside
California cuz my mom lived out there I
handed on might say I met him and I was
cool with them and then I was like whoa
hey I live in Cincinnati most of the
time but here's my tape and they brought
me on they put me on the team and I flew
out to there a few times a year and I
don't know why they sponsored me because
I did live in Cincinnati for the
majority of that but they were really
cool when they backed me and you know
they didn't give me a ton of stuff but
it was it helped I did eventually move
out to Riverside for a few months and I
was out there repping them I was in the
street so I was skating it was awesome
so but after crooks my first skate shop
I I started sending out my tape and I
tried to go to use smaller companies
because I you know I've sent it to the
ones I love that send it to join machine
I didn't hear anything back a few of the
small companies do that I like the image
and I felt like it'd be a good match and
and I said hey here's my tape I am NOT
able to buy your board to skate it
beforehand if you would like to sell me
one that's awesome I just want to try it
out and then if if I like the product
and you like my skating I'd be so
psyched to ride for you guys that worked
so impulse skateboards took me on in
their team and then at the same time
sent my tape over to navigator trucks so
like I had to my shop sponsor and I got
a board sponsor in a truck sponsor and
it was a good relationship I liked all
the people and eventually got on PTS
shoes too which were decent shoes at the
time they don't exist anymore I just
rolled up my sleeves I did I did the
skateboarding I made a tape and I put
myself out there these days with the
internet it's so much easier there's a
lot of misconceptions if you're trying
to skate just to get free stuff that's a
bad start you want to be skating for fun
first okay like all the pros out there
like they love skating and that's why
they did it in the first place that no
one's like a professional skateboarder
because they they just they think it's a
good job you know it's because they
because they love it you know so you
have to have the passion my biggest
point is that show the company that you
are going for that you care about them
okay one pick a company that's your
style and skate their stuff okay if you
send them a tape and there's like not
one of their board in it or their
clothing it's kind of weird it's like
you really you like you're a fan of us
and you want to be sponsored by us but
you're not even like reppin our gear in
the first place that's a kind of a red
flag you've got to be honest so pick a
company that you like and roll with that
alright and make that very obvious that
you like them okay now second a company
doesn't just want to give you stuff
because you could skate good alright
it's because they want you to rep them
alright they want you to to have their
skateboard or their shoes or whatever
they sell and go out there to the park
and be a good image for them that it
gets kids sight on on you and their
product all at the same time okay it's a
relationship it's a business it really
is especially with like some of the core
companies and the way the industry works
whatever you want to label that as I
mean that's like the kind of the concept
like that you have a good skateboarder
that's wearing their gear and you get
psyched because of that and get invested
in that with with what we do we revive I
wouldn't a completely different way with
it I just want to focus on the fun and
like the family aspect of
skateboarders that's another thing no
your company you're going for - okay so
like if a company is not like that at
all then don't worry about any lifestyle
personality you just send them to send
them the footage make it clear that you
rep them and and just be nice okay and
that's my next point be a good human
being I've heard so many stories of the
best skateboarders ever just being jerks
and getting kicked off a company because
they just don't get along with people or
they're rude like that doesn't get you
anywhere in life okay just be a good
person and you just you make friendships
relationships and just be good don't
suck it really was it comes down to
pretty much should you say that any time
in life hey do you have any advice on
this like don't suck okay
don't suck if anyone asks you advice
just say that if you're trying to get
sponsored for one I hope you mean it
okay be passionate love skateboarding
and skate for fun then if you want to
try to get free stuff which is awesome
it's so cool getting a package it's
still like to you now when I have a good
online skate shop myself it's I still
get a package from one of my sponsors
and it's just like the greatest thing
ever it's so cool I don't even say my
sponsors so I'm an idiot my sponsors
these days because I was am for all the
companies I name before is to revive
skateboards force wheels which I both
own but you know I'm gonna rep my own
stuff of course and I'm still active as
skateboarding I ride for AM grip grip
tape as well
Orion trucks and s shoes a lot of the
stuff is like I guess they'll send me a
couple pairs of shoes for free and I
like them a lot and I'll just go on an
order more and I'm like well I'm giving
back I'm supporting s and I've got a
stockpile of awesome shoes and I'm not
gonna bug them you know so I look at
that way different I don't like I said I
don't want to be pro it's kits it's cool
to replicas you believe in so back to my
point is okay Bijan Yuen be passionate
all right rep their gear alright don't
make it obvious that you're just trying
to get free stuff by not having any of
their stuff in your sponsor video yes be
passionate okay
wear their gear know that they're not
just trying to give you free stuff that
it's a relationship that builds off each
other and you support them and promote
them what's this this one be a good
person
be a good person meet people network and
just put yourself out there and like I
said there's some there's some a lot of
videos that maybe she'll watch some
other videos like about this online I'm
gonna do some skateboarding so you guys
actually have some content here but
that's just my two cents I uh I feel
like it's really weird I haven't done
this view yet getting sponsored is
really cool just make sure your heart's
in the right place I hope I had
everything you know I like I said I
didn't really think too much before I
made this video I kind of just a lot of
times I have to start making videos I'm
like hey start talking about something
Andy so uh it sucks being busy but I'm
gonna skateboard and uh it's gonna be
fun because I love it and if Nintendo
you want to sponsor me I'm not wearing
any Nintendo gear but I I play it that's
the sponsor I want they'll be amazing
really my own warehouse is locked how
has no one came through this I've came
through this door how did you lock it no
I'm just punched me with the door it was
locked and I went around that's why I
went out that home I got keys here just
before a skateboard just to show you
here's my online skate shop destroyed
quarters calm and if you have a local
skate shop in your area I urge you to
support them if you want to skate
revived and you have a local shop just
ask them to carry it if not here's the
online shop this guy is a good example
of how to get sponsored he's been in the
revive family he would get free boards
even if he wasn't on the team but he can
skate real good he like just started
coming up to skate with us right this is
someone that wasn't involved with
YouTube or us and you just showed up
with a park you said hey I like your
videos and you start hanging out with us
and now he's a job I'm bugging him right
now I'm preventing him from doing the
job for me weird how that works I made
you guys a commercial yeah did you yeah
that's what that's that's what started
you hitting me up as I made this like
commercial on YouTube where I called
over a snowman and then you oh that's
well I watched a bunch of your videos I
like the prank one the best the
drive-thru either way he didn't have a
big YouTube channel he didn't have he's
like a way better skateboarder now I
didn't have it like he just tried and
showed us that he was he works hard
he got better skateboard he hung out
with us friends yeah
that happened thanks and I'm really
psyched that you can kickflip so
freeboard that guy doesn't ride first
we're putting it on the team now just to
purchase hey Brian can we put him on the
team for the next video he's gonna have
a part he's gonna have a part into the
third revived video it's good it's gonna
be amazing
so here it is the shredder was calm I'm
really excited because now I get to go
skateboard and I've been skating this
bump to rail and I haven't filmed
I haven't film doing the tricks yet so
let's go do that I can show you my face
where's my oh it's over there
so ironically enough I just got kicked
out of my own skate park that is the
only time that I've ever had as much
time as I want to skate and then they
have to work right where I was skating
so that's a bummer because I wanted to
do a couple tricks I haven't done on
that rail but I had a fun mellow session
and if you guys I hope that you guys got
something from the talking part of this
video you know of course skateboard just
get better and better set goals for
yourself and document it is the most
important thing through all of that but
everything I said beyond that all those
points on my fingers I hope it helps
that's at least my opinion it worked for
me in the past and it can work for you
ok put yourself out there social media
use it all and there you go
I do videos here all the time if you
want to see more from me just hit the
subscribe button right down below you
just click it and it's free on your side
up see more videos
I have a really fun video tomorrow where
we test out bulletproof shoelaces but
I'm always doing a lot of random stuff
like in my life not just skateboarding
like whatever I think's entertaining so
thank you guys you have a great day
subscribe or die it's been awhile since
I've said that it's a look up NES skater
diet that makes sense
I'm 12 years old and I can three flip
can I have boards from three flip yeah
dude take one
don't tell Casey though if you guys had
wanted some corn there was your slice of
corny today I'm leaving
you
