what's up guys it's December and I wrote
a little song about the fact that it's
December this is the last month of the
year
oh yeah that's it but what's up guys I
actually I want to do a video to get my
little brain working little brain did i
just insult myself I wanted to do a
video talking about things that are
going on with revive and me in general
in my channel um during the month of
December because I got a lot of things
going on and that's just it because I
got a lot of things going on first off
we have skateboards in stock and yes you
already know about this because we've
been posting stuff unless you don't know
about this and I'm telling you right now
we have skateboards in stock at least
it's Sunday right now and they're going
live at midnight on Monday morning I
really hope by this time on Tuesday we
have skateboards still in stock if not
we were gonna have some throughout the
week here and there and then we might
get a couple later on in the month but
we got a thousand of them total so I
really hope that lasts if it doesn't
that's kind of a cool problem but if if
it does that means more of you people
are able to get your hands on some
skateboards for Christmas or whatever
holiday you're celebrating we have a
total of two new graphics in did Ally
three kind of new graphics that we
brought that back the black life line
and then we brought back the old Toro a
graphic instead of saying revenge it
says revive now and then we also have
the shocked graphic which is boom right
here or defib I forget what we called it
shocked or defib whatever it says on the
website go down to give this video a
thumbs up for Sam cuz I love the graphic
that he came up with for that so
congratulations Sam flu hardy and a lot
of you people have been asking about
wheels the plan was to get revived
wheels in for the holiday season but
I've actually been kinda coming up with
a different idea for wheels so we're
putting those on hold for a second I'm
really sorry
I know I've literally been talking about
wheels for like a year but it's still
happening it's just it might be a little
different than you expected so I'm
hanging there for more news on that and
the beginning of next year I'll have
I'll have something to tell you at some
point in time somewhere no no here it'll
be on the youtube channel and also over
the course of the last year I've been
talking about getting warehouse for my
company and that is definitely happening
like right
now we just don't have enough room in
this room to make room for all the
skateboards and products three times
yeah I said room three times right there
but seriously like we literally have no
choice but to get a warehouse and as
soon as the holidays slow down we're
gonna go out and try to find a nice
warehouse where we have room to run the
company and then build some stuff to
skateboarding because I'll be darned if
I'm not having a skate park in my
warehouse and I also have big plans for
the warehouse for another project which
I've kind of talked about and hinted at
here and there it might have to do with
pitching a TV show to people I don't
even know I dunno I actually absolutely
do it keep your ear out for more
information about that the warehouse is
happening we're just so crazy right now
with everything that's going on there's
like literally no time or space in our
brains for that also you probably know
that we have our full-length skate video
coming out filming is officially over
but I'm gonna be honest I do have a few
more things to wrap up not trick wise
everyone's done awesome these last few
weeks when it comes to tricks so I gotta
film a few odds and ends to kind of like
have some prettier shots in the edits
and whatnot so you watch you Billy well
this is really well done professionally
shots I love this
but either way you probably saw the
teaser for the video it's coming out to
Valentine's Day 2014 be psyched and it's
gonna be available on DVD it's gonna be
available on iTunes and we'll have a
digital download on the site too and
totally miss my finger when I counted on
that one so boom on the site too but I'm
really excited to finally get this out
because it's been a long time since I've
produced a skate video and even longer
since I've actually had a video apart
and uh you know my video I'm psyched
then I put a video part together but the
next video that we put together I'm more
excited for because I feel like I'm
gonna have time I'm gonna be able to
like train up and like be on top of my
skateboarding and really go out there
because I wasn't able to jump that a lot
of gaps or rails for this video part and
that's just frankly what I like to do
and it's been a long time since I've
done it properly but either way I'm
excited about the video and I and I did
alright but my next video part that's
the one I'm really gonna be like boom
alright I put my all into this because
my life has been so crazy lately I don't
get enough time to skateboard will you
calm yourself
I don't have you guys can see that but
if lit up asking me don't ask me don't
but the video comes out Valentine's Day
so be ready for it and I'll have an
actual trailer for the video sometime in
January you might see some teasers here
and there I'm not sure you'll see
something that's the that's the point
you'll see something also since is
number I will be doing weekly giveaways
on my channel so stay tuned for that in
a few days I will put up the first one
and I'll be giving away some revive
stuff of course I might mix it up and
throw something else in I've actually
have no idea what I'm gonna give away
but you will definitely get some revive
stuff or a chance to win some revive
stuff but now that you have all the info
guys something a little more
lighthearted I have a really cool video
to show you boom look at that right
there that's the competition video
between Kobe Bryant and Lionel Messi and
it's pretty hilarious I actually did one
like a year ago or so with them like
kind of dueling it out in the airplane I
was a fan of that video so I'm pretty
psyched on this one as well it's like a
selfie war and I'm not usually a fan of
the word selfie but I'm gonna let it
slide because this video is pretty darn
entertaining personally I'm written for
Kobe a little bit more but that's
probably because I played basketball
when I was a little dude but I don't
know watch it and decide whose side
you're on and enjoy it and then I don't
know maybe smile about it like when
you're watching it smile you know I'm
saying I'm kind of just talking I don't
actually know what I'm about to say
right now but it's definitely worth
checking out so click it and enjoy it
but that's it guys thank you guys so
much for all the support some are
excited to give back to you through
these giveaways this month but I'll be
back tomorrow with my normal daily video
stuff so I'll see you guys then and
check us out I suck at doing Darth Vader
but this makes a little better I was the
neighbor in the Sandlot I'm James Earl
Jones and I'm starting to sound like a
bad Sean Connery
I'm really excited find her I'm really
excited to find her I really got into
mine every day well what can you
pronunciate anything you freaking guy in
a chair yeah just meet you just a guy in
a chair by the headache but I'm really
sight I'm really side I'm really sorry I
really can't
I'm being dramatic with my talks too I'm
just like but I gotta go babe yeah yeah
yeah or so I wouldn't be doing weekly
giveaways from here on out
how many weeks the calendar says
November you don't help me at all
freaking polar bears come on get with
yourselves
Oh sambar is kind of cute look at it
it's got a little a little guy with his
mummy go away okay
but now but we please shut up shut up
shut up thank you I'm this but now that
you have all the info let's
you
