we have skateboard it's the holidays
guys we got skateboards in okay so right
now as you're watching this we have a
hundreds of in the store they're coming
in two batches so if we sell out we're
gonna have some more later in the week
okay are you excited finally holiday
season skateboards pretty excited it was
sloppy sloppy oxide about this you ate
face doing this trick so watch the
outtakes but uh guys check out the store
on skateboards calm i had to video
telling you dudes and thank you for all
your support hopefully these lasts a
couple weeks but if not I'm sorry pull
will have more we will have more
eventually oh ho ho
hello Thomas wants Redemption I love you
too buddy high five hell yeah yeah yeah
now into shape but cool your shoe fell
off if we are after the count rope then
I can't feel my wrist you have a rest
it's not real are you actually hurt okay
you landed like a bar chocolate on a
small fire to it were falling so hard on
this I'm never falling this hard on all
a big hammer I've never ever seen you
falling as hard as you are today Booya
high-end a video buddy that was I like
slang like if I'm skating for my video
part or something no not even that but
good job Thomas proud of you and we have
a total of a thousand skateboards coming
in over the next week hopefully this
last little while thank you guys and we
will see you on the CU side I've been
saying weird things like that lately see
you on the sauce I'd see you on the
shawshank redemption that's what we love
you Andy
you
