what was that it's bad yeah this is
chocolate okay but really that trick was
like a pressure big double heelflip big
double heel flip what everyone i call it
he was like four feet above the coping
like what i do a disaster I just like
plop into it you know and I feel like
that's the best word to describe this
plop like I plop into disasters I'm just
gonna make that confession but Kyle
Krause he doesn't he flies up into the
stratosphere and comes down and of
course yes do spins and flips and add
all that stuff in there because that's
just what he does you can watch my
channel for a while you are not
surprised but this is all because every
Kyle cross video that comes up it like
blows your mind I really want to go to
Chicago and just start the morning and
say Kyle you have one day to film a
video apart and see what insanity he
comes up with so if you like that idea
go down and give this video a thumbs up
when it gets warmer out I will make the
trip if Kyle's wrong to do it which is a
good dude so he probably is but if you
want to see more of Kyle would go click
right down there that's the last video i
did on him and check out his channel
will be right down the info and then i
do daily videos so hit that right there
then it'll subscribe you to my channel
and all that fun stuff but i'm gonna go
i'm gonna go edit this video and put it
onto youtube for you guys to watch it
and FYI don't do that don't do this why
do it again I'm so dumb
you
