alright guys what up this is a
day-in-the-life 19 and I'm gonna be
honest it's a dark day because it's the
day that I have except that it's winter
basically I know it's a technically
winter I'm gonna start out by yelling at
the weather you are an idiot snow take
that alright now that I freaked out the
neighbors I'm gonna go get ridin and
hang out with him because that's what I
do every morning best way to start any
day
let there be baby Fred you pull your
trucks up into your gear crib did you do
it well that makes it better
you're allowed to have them in there
buddy how about I'll just grab that yeah
I can grab it how about that
good morning did you sleep well
choo-choo I see the choo-choo how about
let's change your diaper yeah you did
poop probably all right it's time to put
your shirt on
what your shirt can you say encyclopedia
that's buried that was it yeah alright
the moment you've been waiting for
oh and your milk of course buddy hey
yeah
y'all play with blocks replay blocks
sorry both mess we're in the process of
moving so our house is just crazy but uh
it's block time you want something my
drink what are you saying oh yeah you
have some
have you planned with your car you gotta
come clean up your blocks yes it is
clearly booked time for you and your mom
so I'm gonna go I'll be - bye ridin bye
I love you
first stop is the gym so I can run 2
miles
Jim time and I don't have a lot of time
so I will have to be fast with my time
I'm an idiot
all right so running done now I'm going
to meet up with the only place I ever
eaten my day in life it is New York New
York Deli and I'm gonna meet up with
Brian Ames and Ryan chambers where are
you parked terrible dude III am bad on
being on time but I for will had to cut
my only random aisle Brian okay I like
YouTube next you miles
you should have rent less than a mile so
you'd be on time no all right chambers
huh
sorry for touching your beard Brian was
weird do you want touch mine Sam how's
the chili
hundred smashing your face
Brian you want mediate redbulls yes you
know why I'm gonna get the Red Bull SWAT
so you have to deal with a thousand
boxes get a carry min I'm a yab yab
one sugar-free and one regular of the
sixteen and then one regular eight so
we're preparing to get one thousand
skateboards in and we just got the boxes
for this skateboards this is gonna suck
there's a skateboarding storm coming
Brian chambers yeah that's a lot of
boxes already we're about to triple it
Oh begin carrying in boxes it's gonna
suck okay so army of boxes I don't know
where we're gonna put all the
skateboards we had a thousand
skateboards in like three days it's
gonna be a nightmare
two days all right you do office work
Ryan and I will do prep work you cool
with that cool with that Instagram
picture you know instagrams usually just
like a little thing that people upload
photos to and you're like it's part of
your job right now yeah have those jobs
I miss the 90s so we're pretty much just
prepping for this craziness that's about
to happen with us with a company and I
have him making sticker packs and I get
to cut a lot of grip tape preparing for
the skateboard storm all right so we
just folded up lunch of t-shirts and bag
them up and we're almost running out of
things to prep it's nice until the next
day when we're gonna prep more stuff so
work is officially done and since it's
horrible outside I'm going to go to the
indoor skate park Ali's skateboard what
that is not my car but I got a little
bit of time to kill before that and this
dude and I are gonna go to gamestop to
look at minigames go figure
so we're here the store where I do a lot
of my prank videos like I just do it all
the time
George Allen as always how you doing
yeah you're in one you're actually in
one of my videos on my channel
Emma but you're into your avatar hero
skin I am an attorney where you think
I'm gay I still kind of do this guy
needs to be in normal videos he's
hilarious like now we're at Gamestop
where it's hard to not spend money but
I'm gonna try to not spend money success
did not spend any money just the only
reason I didn't is because they didn't
have the game I was gonna buy all right
so now I'm pretty much just waiting for
Alex and Thomas get here so we can good
Ollie's but in the meantime I'm gonna
film a video for Friday which is
yesterday for you dude so you might have
already seen it but either way it's
going to cut in Alex and Thomas are
gonna be here Tomas alvarez so I can
just keep some skateboard tricks at all
this can't wait
and then there's Alex buting okay don't
you guys get all this skatepark
actually I do I know it's sad to say
this is the one time all year we're
gonna say that then I want the sky why
yeah that's that's what I'm excited
about
I mean I appreciate all these skatepark
but we've been skating it for a long
time
we're here at Ollie's skate park we got
some skateboarding to do all right so
we've been here for a little bit and I
have filmed a video for this guy yes
check it out I haven't really got to
film for you guys yet but I'm going to
poach one trick of Thomas for his video
you
what do you say about your trick you
didn't like well you know sir it was a
microphone
take all session pays for your channel
get over here
alright so we're done we skated way too
long
okay which means I probably will get to
see a ride before it goes bad it has a
bummer
I don't know if you guys can see but
it's dinner time and then home I would
be way better oh we're a skyline which
is your heart is it Joel it's a
tradition after a collar here hard ntral
alert heart out Joel new boards coming
soon yes that looks so gross on a camera
it's delicious though hey have you ever
seen your face before yeah oh holy cow
oh my gosh we can't move my butt after
skating thing or it's like my body is
like hey we're not working today I don't
know why there's we and body it's just
one body
well it's good skating with you guys hey
exist yeah saving it was fun man it was
fun
same time next week yeah cool um I'm
gonna rush over to the in-laws house
because Ryan is there and he's still
awake best thing ever I was hoping I get
to see you today
well again is he gonna get tickled hey
is he gonna get tickled he's gonna bonk
his head like he always does you play
the piano with your butt
all right it is good night time for you
right of Rudolph loves to help mrs.
Claus make all kinds of holiday cookies
where the cookies that is correct then
bad calf said Moo oink set a piggy
what's blue say make beep set blue all
right it's bedtime buddy I'm really glad
I got to see you tonight
I love took it in you your boy and that
is a Dana life 19 I'm done I'm gonna go
play some board games hang out with
family and I'll see you guys in Dan life
20 where you slap me babe come on I'm
impressed that's pretty good
that's all right
Oh hi-c wave that is your shoe or you're
showing off to the camera this is the
first time you're showing off to the
camera you showing everyone you have a
shear and you can heat it okay diaper
you
