alright well you just land it first try
Ryan just do another trick
oh alright this is a classic example of
why I suck at transition ninety percent
of the time when I'm trying a trick on a
quarter pipe or something like my feet
just fly over the top and I go
face-first into the quarter like Daniel
just did and you may think it didn't
look that bad but he actually smashed
his knee up he didn't feel it right away
like he landed the trick but then like
later that day and the next day like he
said his knee was just feeling weird as
I remember this was like two years ago
let's see his little falls like that
that you're just not expecting it and
then the world just like a I'm gonna
Chuck you down into the earth and then
you're then you're in the earth you know
and then you're like faces like why am I
on the ground that moment because you
never see it coming you literally just
like you think you're doing the trick
then you're like whoa boards gone and
then you're meeting the concrete your
face your body your wallet your social
security number or your identity and
then all of a sudden you don't have a
family and then someone else has your
credit cards yeah I mean honestly like
it's a big deal when you fall like that
and if you don't know who Daniel is you
need to check him out he's rides for
foundation and foundation skateboards
you guys need to put him to the am team
he is up and coming and I'm so proud of
this dude so I just want to say your ats
Daniel thank you for falling into the
bank in making this video and then thank
you for doing all this tricks and I wish
you luck in your endeavors on a
skateboard my friend so that was a quick
and harmless fall friday but i'll be
back next friday and it might be a
brutal one it just might be a brutal one
so stay tuned I do videos every day so
hit the subscribe button for that and a
Halloween candy haha you know you a few
you might actually laughter that but I
have to clean all of this up now
you
supposed to land on me like a helmet oh
and then frickin nose
you
