I really try not to hit you in am I
going the wrong way oh wait I'm not
going
I'm taking that dude I'm freaking done
with this video at the wrap
so that was me on my skateboard guys
yeah I it was really really cold that
day but Doug wanted footage for his
channel is like a do some tricks for me
and I just did those tricks really fast
so they were I didn't put like a ton of
effort into it but it was like below
freezing so it is what it is and because
Doug that footage this is already on
Dougs channel but i want to show to you
guys doug has awesome awesome content
and I mean a future mobile talking my
channel but if you're one of people that
have not been at Doug's channel check
him out right there he is beyond
talented on a skateboard and he has
really good footage of his friends so
check him out and subscribe I do daily
videos to click that up there if you
want to see more for me that will
subscribe you to my channel but I'm
gonna go I'll more footage of me
eventually I don't really know I've been
so busy I haven't been skating a lot so
I need to change that I don't go I'm
gonna go home and go i'm gonna go i'm
gonna throw you guys into the laundry
goodbye
you
