I'm about to order lunch and I have to
finish filming this video before my
lunch gets here that is the goal all
right chili salad half order no tortilla
chips no sour cream please for sure hot
sauce and order placed okay we're beef
this cuz I just woke up today and I was
like hair you suck and I'm a dude I only
care so much about my hair so it has to
suck a lot whatever I'm not getting
split with someone curve it is update
video time and I'm gonna tell you guys
about my life and things are going on
but the company's all sorts of things so
hang out if that's something you want to
hear my has been pretty awesome lately
okay I've won a bit home so that's kind
of cool I went to Hawaii
and got some stuff done there that was a
good time but I'm back and I'm just been
a dad and a skateboarder and a dude I've
been a girl at all the last few weeks
except just that about my hair which
cool completely cool to be a girl buy
your hair nothing wrong with that
nothing wrong with that no but in the
downtime here in Cincinnati has let me
get ahead of myself with videos which is
awesome there was one point last week
where I had like four days ahead
like edited and uploaded and I was just
like I had that face that was a weird
face I had a face on my face and I was
excited it was a good thing and I had a
great weekend with Ryan we've got some
cool videos done we had some good
father-son moments played some video
games decorated the warehouse which you
probably saw earlier of the week oh you
smell on your camera life has been good
okay leave if life was a food
metaphorical food item it would life be
a taco right now string it up taco in
fact I should say that next up supposed
to say how you been I'm going taco but I
do have some travel coming up actually
when this video goes up I will be
arriving in Las Vegas I'm gonna be
getting a we want revenge done out there
and then it was just a variety of other
videos and hopefully a trick for my next
video part which is a couple years off
but I still got to get a head start on
this and then yeah photos with the dude
so should be set up some three block
guys there'll be some revive dudes it'll
be a good time it's gonna be a fantastic
time I love that city so good for
skateboarding pretty much the rest of
the year I might do like a quick weekend
trip or something but the only thing
that might happen is I'm filming the
movie that I'm in it's supposedly
happening in November but I haven't had
confirmation so it might get pushed off
I have no idea I'm just kind of keeping
my skeletal open in case they say come
to LA to film this movie and I will do
that but I've heard some rumors of some
actors
in the movie is the paved new world if
you guys want to know more about I did a
video on it but I've heard some rumors
of some certain actors being in it from
one of my favorite shows and from a
really good movie out this year so I'm
getting excited I cannot wait to
actually go film this and let you guys
know all about it it's gonna be fun so
stay tuned for that it's paved new world
the movie let's check 18 minutes all
right I got this but with the companies
I've got I've got a few of them and
things are happening so the holidays are
about to happen
we're always gearing up we're trying to
brain our ways into some new products
and think of what we can bring to the
table that's new but we do have some
more exciting things beyond product of
the boards of revive are like my
favorite series we have ever done the
new life line that's coming out like
it's gonna be so good it's a very solid
holiday release and then the three block
decks are gonna be so awesome I've been
planning this series for years that's
coming out for three block so I'm really
excited for this all to happen but
revived like I said we have the wheeler
avenge DVD coming out and that's
actually been filmed mostly if you're
gonna get all 20 episodes of where
revenge season 1 and 2 and then you're
gonna get a awesome documentary with
interviewing all the dudes that were
involved with the the first two seasons
and just it's gonna be it's gonna be
cool it's got a lot of bonus stuff and
you actually physically be able to have
a copy of we all revenge and we'll keep
doing these over the next few years I
like releasing different seasons on DVD
and doing like behind the scenes stuff
and interviews it'll be it'll be fun
force I think we're gonna have Jason
Parkin Cody went here to film a really
cool like long force montage because we
haven't we were supposed to do the tour
this year but we push back to January so
yeah you're gonna get a really cool high
quality polished force edit with some of
the guys so that'll be cool look forward
to that and then three-block we're just
trying to get the company like off and
running on his feet
so there'll be definitely some edits
throughout the next rest of the year but
like next year I'll probably start
wrapping my brain around maybe hiring a
videographer to do a full-length
three-block video because those guys are
just disgustingly talented and it would
be a shame if we didn't get going on a
project in the video game world the best
thing ever happened all right let's just
put it out there okay if some
knocked on your door bell they're crazy
cuz it just buzzer ringing don't worry I
don't like myself sometimes when things
like that happen
no but videogames the Super Nintendo
classic came out you know I've done like
a couple videos on it already but that
is my favorite thing in video games that
have came out maybe since the Super
Nintendo
it has every game that I would want on
the superintendent I every game but like
most of them and it's just I'm been
playing I started with Super Mario World
and I'm just gonna play through every
single one until I beat them all and
which I feed most of them already in
life but it's awesome if you get a
chance to get this get it okay if you
were to buy all of those games
individually on eBay it would be like
just hundreds probably a thousand
dollars like just so expensive but 80
bucks and you get all of them is just
adorable okay it's like that like it's a
little bit like a sometimes I want to
eat it no I don't I don't want to eat it
at all but it's really cool it's sleek
looking you get the superinten you get
two controllers you play with a friend
or a brother or a sister or a mom but
don't play with your uncle I don't know
I just had to feel like I had to say
don't play with somebody play with your
uncle okay unless he's weird then don't
do it my super designer classic is so
fun and I'm loving it I feel like a kid
again even though my job pretty much
makes me feel like a kid as is either
way it's awesome please get it in movies
I took up movies here in a while I saw
it it was it was good it wasn't like it
didn't feel as horror to me if okay like
it's super here not a superhero movie
but like the structure of one or like me
because I think there's the camaraderie
alright like the dudes came together and
they were like beat the bad guy type
mentality but that doesn't spoil
anything movie like in your older
audience and you want to see a cool fun
horror movie action movie type thing it
thumbs up
I have thumbs and they're going up I am
really ready for a Thor to come out I
think this is going to be the best Thor
like it's just the trailer alone like
the whole like direction of the film
looks awesome but what we really need to
be talking about is stranger things to
turn your things is my favorite TV show
to come out in a very long time and the
new seasons coming out there's nine
episodes I think right and yes I feel
like I feel like I'm it this isn't got
paid promotion because I'm giving you so
much specific information comes up
October 27th be there at 8 o'clock on
Netflix now I don't care whatever it's
uploaded Netflix is what happens but yes
such a good TV show it's 80s 5 it's like
so awesome I watch it and I'm like I'm
in the 80s I'm right here right now this
is amazing can't wait I'm gonna watch
season 1 like once a day up until the
release of the new season I'm just gonna
watch that and I'm gonna love life
this is probably what my face will look
like when I'm looking at the TV actually
I recently just found out Finn who's in
it and stranger things follows me on
Twitter and I was like that is awesome
so apparently skateboards and which is
cool this is such a rad actor and all
the things he's done so far and uh yeah
I don't think he watches my videos
anymore but if he does thank you dude
and props to everything you're doing in
the acting world all right story time
what time's lunch oh okay I got ten
minutes we can do this story time okay
if you're a teacher out there okay
because I've had some dumb I probably
told stories of some dumb teachers in my
day but if you're a teacher out there
with kids like be a better person all
right I saw I kind of forgot about this
memory until I guess I saw something on
a TV show which remind me of this memory
and I was like I remember that guy and
that guy sucked super sucked yeah well
just preface this guy which this part is
actually kind of cool okay he's like had
a job as like a football coach and he
had to like teach a class in order to be
the football coach so he like had health
or something it was really dumb he like
did not care at all he didn't even teach
every time he just sat there gave him
something a sheet and just sad his desk
imagine be the cellphone this smart
phones weren't a thing when I was in
high school like there was cell phones
but there weren't smart phones like man
if he had a cell phone that's not even
done he should have sat on a smart phone
look dude I'm a football stuff I have no
idea people I would just like I would
literally write whatever I wanted all
the sheets I feel like like hey what is
the digestive system thing whatever the
health question was I mean I would just
say like Luke you switched off your
targeting computer or some Star Wars
quote and he would just check mark give
me a leg up he would even read the
answers like I just like the whole thing
I put Star Wars pose one time and the
guy just gave me an a-plus on the sheets
imagine what I could have done a test I
don't even know I don't know I'm sure I
passed the class because I clearly it
wasn't that hard you didn't even read
anything but that's the guy so that's
the mentality of this dude like you know
I feel like in movies high school is
like not the way it actually is
you don't just walk through high school
and others like this clicking on this
side of the hallway there's this click
there everyone's mean-mugging everybody
and glaring at each other like hey you
don't cheerlead I don't I don't like you
it's not like that I mean it's
definitely there are some cliques in
high school but it's not like I mean
like there are people that just get
along with everyone though what was
happening kids there were likes
literally some sports players picking on
a dude in the hallway this was like an
actually a cliche scene they should have
filmed it and put it in a movie this kid
he had a big book bag he's kind of
gotten out I think about I kinda want to
hug this kid
cuz he's just trying to keep to himself
big book bag walking and like literally
these these I think they're football
players who they were like track
sometimes sports I don't know they
really they were athletic they were
wearing all those the shorts the
athletic shorts there's no story any and
they like they saw this Kevin boot bag
and they literally ran in front of the
kid he's have kind of slowed down to
these song and then another kid came up
in port forcefully made him keep walking
and they tripped him and he got me
stumbled he played it off pretty well I
didn't like fall on his face because he
knew was happening
I saw the teacher the freaking health
teacher football coach health teacher
guy and they see saw it happen and he
was like why he little it he had a
clipboard of thinking I remember he like
he looked at it and he laughed at the
situation and then looked back down and
then walked away oh my gosh it's things
like this that make me want to be there
as an adult and I would have just been I
would just called him out and point that
I went like this I'm like dude be a
better person like you are making the
lives of children or teenagers worse you
suck I would have told that I would've
been in detention because I taught a
teacher you suck it's a good thing that
I wasn't an adult and confident in high
school because I would have I would have
handed out some sucks that sounds
terrible I'm just saying if you're a
teacher to be good it definitely the
worst teacher moment ever where you guys
go there you have it if I never see that
book back kid I'm hugging him as an
adult and it's gonna be weird I'm not
gonna explain why I'm just gonna hug him
and go hug and run you know I could
drive by hugging walk by hugging I don't
know that's my update video I hope you
guys dug all of that random information
and yeah I've got a lot of fun videos on
the way tomorrow I'm not quite sure what
I haven't might have like another
documentary style video like it did last
weekend I have a really cool bulletproof
shoelace video coming out which we had a
really fun skate session in that one
so things are always on the way
I think you know like a week or two
you'll get the new we are we on a bench
which will be Hawaii edition that was a
fun time
either way I have videos always on the
way so if you want to just hit the
subscribe button right below the video
hit that and you're signed to see more
videos for free it's easy and you keep
getting this random weird stuff that I
do okay
coffee but that's it yeah hope you guys
have a great weekend if you can go
skateboard do so if you do not
skateboard play the Super Nintendo or go
outside and see the Sun if it's nice I
don't know this chair is kind of getting
away from me so I'll just fall you're
gonna I really can't fall it's kind of
bracing me I'm so hunted so I'm here I'm
just gonna look that way and then the
video
and the totally got my lunch I made it
in time it's two minutes away good
nailed it thanks guys here's a thumb is
pointing up for you here's a pinky
actually when this video goes up I'm
just arriving in Las Vegas I'm going to
be doing a wearable ability I probably
will do that in Las Vegas to be honest
with you I'll probably screw up and do
that exact thing but with the companies
I have them and theirs there's a few of
them and there's things what would you
do if you just open your front door some
guy was like this like I'd be terrified
it's a terrible face alright let's put
this back on call him call him okay
we're so stupid in hats and beanies my
head just looks stupid
sorry positive thoughts
everyone now there have self-esteem and
like yourself cuz I don't know I'm just
kid I do it's it's I like me what am i
doing first just acting I've heard a lot
where the thing go get online so I guess
I shouldn't come come complete that too
much Steve words can you talk words Andy
ponder there's one I should have said
that
