just when you thought you've done seen
cow cows but boom this video came it's
good thing too because I can watch this
dude skate all day I get a pole pop room
we just throw the couch and just be like
how he's doing a varial heelflip
freaking nosegrind and very good for
power to air walk across the whole skate
park
yeah Kyle sent me this handful of
footage this is only half of it so I
have more to come so be excited if you
want to check out this channel it's
right here boom click that and
definitely give him a subscribe because
you see what he do he wakes up and he's
like you know what I think I'm gonna do
a backflip hard flip today you probably
can't do that but now that I said that I
kind of wanted to go do it go do a
backflip hard flip Kyle oh I do daily
videos on my channel so click that right
there if you're not already subscribed
but definitely check out Kyle oh my
freaking gash and watch out for more
footage and that's it I'm gonna I could
do anything because I'm always doing
something but I guess it's not doing
anything he's kind of doing something
that just blew your brain no I didn't
rig weak weak attempt Andy hey lamp
