all right all right
I love the spot dude ooh all right all
right oh yeah that looks like it hurt
good all right oh my freaking hip tries
oh my Herring's dude this is dude you
just fell so hard
so there it was another slant montage
guys some of those flames were bad and
some of those Slams were just not that
bad I mean honestly they probably didn't
hurt that much but I hope it was
entertaining either way I'd do this ever
once a while I save up my clips and then
I put them into a montage like this and
I'm gonna start saving Slams again okay
actually I'm gonna be honest with you
guys kay this is gonna be some honesty
coming from my mouth to your ears I take
my slams I separate them into normal
slams and stupid slams and Suba slams
are the ones where you're just like yeah
that was fun to laugh at I that guy just
looked kind of dumb and I actually have
a handful of stupid slams coming out
soon so thumbs up if you want to see
that but I'm gonna get to saving normal
slams up and maybe in a couple months I
don't depend on how fast we fall really
I'll have another one of these but if
you want to see more videos from me hit
the subscribe button I do daily videos
just like this one plus a bunch of other
weird stuff that is it guys I'm gonna
pull my hoodie strings as hard as I can
and I'm gonna leave okay so subscribe or
Die follows you I thought I was gonna do
it I would never I would never ever do
is my hoodie you guys are crazy
