we have done it okay yeah we have found
the triple slam skateboard fall okay and
if you're like wait he only fell once
let's watch that again step one he hit
prima okay the bottoms of his feet were
like we just got punched in the face of
our feet see that probably hurt but came
it's not over okay because of course he
slips out and slams his body onto the
ground but as you notice his butt hit
the board which sends the board tornado
in his general direction smashed him
right in the arm okay primo body slam
board hit some that was the trifecta of
skate falls like a serious three topping
pizza like a two pack of batteries it
comes with one extra free one I don't
think that exists what did he do to
deserve that alright literally was just
trying a nollie flip and the whole world
was like no I'm gonna throw all of these
rocks at your freaking eyeballs knees oh
because it's Casey because Casey lands
so many good tricks but the world will
not let him get away with landing these
tricks on falling and I think I'm gonna
just say right now he's pro he's pro at
falling okay he is the first
professional faller Casey bechler Medal
of Honor my friend call of duty
Goldeneye 64 the worst thing about this
though is that he just got right back up
and he fell again about the same way
just not as painful oh and now you're
wondering my gosh can you nollie flip
yes you can because I have a perfect
nollie flip that he did moments later
sir you guys go i want everyone just
take a moment and think of all the falls
the kc bechler has had and go down there
and give this video a thumbs up to say
you are tough as nails casey and if
you've missed his lands on my channel
you need to go back and watch some news
because he's actually a really talented
skateboarder he have you had some new
footage coming up on my channel but uh
on that note he will Casey sent me some
footage I'm gonna upload some lands on
my channel of you but I'm gonna go guys
a check back next Friday for another
fall review and more videos every single
day so thank you for watching hope you
guys enjoyed it
subscribe or die Casey don't die don't
die Casey
you know speaking about the battery
comment that I said earlier everything
has even batteries like nothing comes
with like why would you even need amount
of batteries and if there is a product
that comes with odd batteries don't be
using it k unless it's cool and then use
it because you're gonna have a cool
product you're like Andy why wouldn't I
use this to cool product what do you say
Sam yeah
you
