holy amazing holy amazing Doug desa
tells people he just does kick from no
sides like it's nothing you know you're
just not surprised and if you're
subscribed to this channel you've
already seen this trick and you're
really that surprised but yeah you did
this when he was in Cincinnati we were
filming a little halloween video and he
was he was a cake film me doing this
it'll literally took him like three
tries it was easy for him but the fact
it did it in the jason mask is like is
crazy because like you've tried putting
on a Halloween mask and doing a hard
trick it's kind of scary like my batman
mask was like horrifying we created that
like rapture and my whole head but still
any trick in a Halloween mask props this
is actually a stray cats reminder video
shred cast as a podcast we do normally
every other Thursday is five o'clock
pacific standard time at shred cast calm
it's myself black ninja bask with doug
desa tells and Josh cats and I really
didn't keep counting after one but tune
in guys if you miss it'll be a one of
our YouTube channels we talk about
skateboarding and than any other random
thing that comes into our head so it's a
good time tune in and I'll see you guys
on the seaside seesaw I will I will saw
you guys on the sides see shut up
Josh can't fathom
