updating your time guys huh you know
what I've been wearing this graphic a
lot lately
I should probably much better this is
better but what's up guys this is update
video time I haven't done one of these
in a long long time and I've only got
time me time meself in 20 minutes to
film this so I can go film another video
with Alex so this is gonna be rushed
first off I would like to say
congratulations to me because I have
totally be getting more than 6 hours of
sleep each night and that is awesome I
think I don't really feel more awake but
you know like in my head I'm like ok
it's 6 hours and is there 7 hours you
know around there to 4 hours this is
better and I just keep telling myself
that I've still been running every day I
do at least 2 miles sometimes more and
I'm continuing to lose weight and that's
awesome and I'm gonna keep going even
though it's really hard because I wake
up and I'm like I do not want to run
right now so in the family area of
things things are pretty crazy my wife
is finishing up one of her degrees and
she's got like a crazy amount of work I
mean it's just nuts so I've been kind of
like the mom and the dad lately which
makes me like mom dad or maybe dad mom
because like the manly part should be
first but I haven't been able to make a
lot of videos lately I'm been able to
get out there and which is kind of scary
because it's gonna be like snowing and
really cold soon so right now I need to
be like filming a lot to save up for the
winter but we'll see how it goes you
know I'll be on indoor parks so uh you
guys are gonna get your videos one way
or another okay mom dad will come
through is what I'm saying
so in Reviva news you guys probably
heard the video a name and release date
has been announced we'd be officially
called live skate die and it's coming
out Valentine's Day next year and a lot
of people were like hey dude you said by
the end of the year and yes the filming
will be done by the end of the year but
then we got edited and I've never dealt
with putting things on iTunes or setting
up digital downloads so I just wanted to
give ourselves some time for that yeah
Valentine's Day is when it happens and
some people were saying it's far away
it's like dude it's like three months
it's like not a long time like three
months ago I felt like two weeks ago for
me but it'll come fast as what I'm
saying so B sites for that and the next
question is where are skateboards that's
a very great question they honestly
should be here right now like our wood
provider was like dude we'll ship them
out to you two weeks ago and it's two
weeks now and they still haven't shipped
them so we are really
hoping to have them by cyber monday if
we don't have them by cyber monday I'm
gonna be upset I'm gonna be really upset
and you're gonna be upset there was
gonna be upset there should be like a
whole colony of up setters okay that's
what's gonna happen
regardless we will have a thousand decks
in for the holiday season and we are
going to put in another order for like
two thousand decks like immediately when
we get that so uh I it's weird to me to
think that a thousand decks are gonna go
that fast but they might go fairly fast
hang in there guys we're just gonna keep
ordering more and more and thousands of
more skateboards until we always have
them in stock
it just takes quite a bit of money to
get that much product in stock but I
would like to say thank you guys for I
mean for needing that many skateboards
like it just I can't even explain how
thankful I am for you dudes we are gonna
start we're starting to shop around for
our houses right now and hopefully we'll
be able to move in in January if not
like by the spring because I've got a
big project that I need the warehouse
for which you guys are get my tensioned
it but I'm gonna keep my lips zipped
sealed right now
but I need the warehouse from bigger
things and next year is going to be huge
for a vibe so uh stay tuned for your ear
balls to hear some info on the news
balls
I say balls way too much sounds kind of
weird did you guys see Thor - I did and
it was ah I watched it that was just
like whoo ah it was really good it was
really really good I mean for one I'd
like it was doubtful while going into it
and I saw it and I was like all right it
was all right you know I liked it and
then Avengers he thorne the Avengers was
awesome but Thor - I was like well this
is it this is like the good one this is
like oh my gosh it's really good it's a
lot better than the first one go check
it out in the next two movies I'm gonna
see was Catching Fire I need to read the
book first because that's what I do when
the books exists I read them before the
movies I read honestly I'm like the one
dude that just read that read Hunger
Games and I saw the movie and I didn't
really care that much but I hear like
the second - or better so we'll see how
that goes and of course the Hobbit the
hobbits coming out that's gonna be
amazing my gosh get off but in the video
game world things are happening okay and
I don't have enough time for all there's
like a stack of games that I need to
play like they'll read the HD of Wind
Waker I've never played that game at all
and I need to play it but it's just
sitting there unopened and then I'm
trying to get a ps4 that's not happening
okay cuz I didn't
order it and you know there's no game
out for it right now that I care about
so I was like I'll buy it whenever but
then I kind of like you know when the
system comes out I'm like oh my gosh
wait I do want to buy it now so I'm
gonna try to find it and no it just
doesn't exist right now I keep calling
people and they're like no you're dumb
and no one has any idea when it's gonna
be in so I'm fighting a battle guys but
I will get it and when I get it I'm
probably not I'm gonna open it it's just
gonna sit there until a game comes out
and I'm like okay I'll play my
playstation 4 I would like to complain
that system should play all games you
know like the Wii you can play Wii games
that makes sense right but the
PlayStation 4 can't play ps3 games and
bla bla bla
come on people is 2013 like the specific
getting easier it's not but that's just
a small complaint that I'm still psyched
about everything see this face super
psyched right now okay you can just see
the happiness on it but honestly I guess
that's about it I think oh no I am
totally getting a new house don't you
have a new house but I'm in the problem
I mean the process of moving it's gonna
take like a month and a half to actually
do it cuz we got a paint we're gonna
move trap around all this stuff and then
get settled in but that's awesome
because that means I mean I have more
room to myself and to act a Canadian do
stupid skits you know like so I'm really
happy about that right now I'm in a
townhome which just we just don't have
enough room but now we're moving into a
house which is awesome and I had to tell
you guys and I'll do a video saying hey
I'm in my house and I'm gonna go I don't
know it's gonna be a mystery I'm not
even telling you what I'm doing because
I just frankly do not know but that's
about it guys hope you guys like this
video videos to come I am gonna gear up
for another prank video next month I
have a Christmas prank and next year my
goal is to do like just double the
amount of 4i I've done like one or I've
done like two this year like I haven't
done a lot but next year I'll get back
on my prank game but in the near future
I have another revive randomness and I
think I'm gonna film another day in a
life here soon so get psyched and then
of course I have my videos I do every
day so stay tuned hit the subscribe
button if you want to see daily videos
and there's some bloopers after this
because I act like an idiot and the
bloopers aren't even that way their
problem they're that way if anything so
uh oh gosh my face just froze like this
I'm telling you man I'm trying to move
my face but I can't change the
expression no what time is it I gotta go
subscribe dumbest ending in the whole
world I just thought of it like as I was
sitting the chair
really stupid disappointed in you Andy
running shoe
and whatnot I hope you guys are having a
good fall weird yeah I need a plan I've
never played Wind Waker so my cell
phones texting away no it's not texting
it's receiving text so in revive news
was I've got a lot of crap talk about
why aren't you take why are you saying
it in revenge
no we revived what am I thinking about
me not you me what what does one of me
thinking about stupidly stupidly
thoughts are happening with my head no
wall between my brain in my mouth
perrolli cuz that doesn't getting
totally more than six totally more I've
been getting totally more absolutely
ever markers will be sold at Disneyworld
for a price of give me cheez-its
you
