is it just me or is there something in
the air at the skate park like every one
of those dudes just like got there and
they're like hey you guys won't do
something completely creative and mind
blowing room was like yeah all right
that sounds like a great idea
I mean seriously like you can do now
I've never seen half of those tricks
before like it was just blown blown mind
okay my mind wasn't changed but this is
footage off Billy handlings channel has
featured his channel on my channel
before I'm saying channel way too many
times but this is his brother Shaun
Hannon and their friends and Wow they
shred my gosh if you want to see more
from Billy hit that right there that'll
take you to his channel and you will
like what you see you guys I do daily
videos so hit that right there and
subscribe to me if you're not already
but mainly go to Pilar's channel my
freakin gosh said it with me my no I'm
not gonna pee myself but I'm a little
show you a cat face right goodbye
