guys I hit 200,000 subscribers on
youtube and that is insane I'm gonna say
thank you and I'm gonna do all that
stuff before I get super sentimental I'm
gonna go get slapped because you guys
are gonna enjoy watching me get slapped
right so let's go get slapped oh my gosh
I was awful dude and waiting so long to
hit you that hard what do you think
you've been planning it Steven slap me
ah you can do better I do it do it ah
that was good thanks this slap the crap
out of line please hate you be okay
please no hit it I mean really I mean
you're mad okay like I'm the dude that
broke your heart in the romantic comedy
did you over time cya you watch thing is
that now you got him on the other side
now yeah god goodbye you're a romantic
comedy ah there we go that was gonna get
something I'm not kidding do slap me all
right all right why do I have to slap
you for just because I got 200,000
subscribers on YouTube right yeah way
better than any dude oh I didn't know
your yours is the best but way better
than any dude this shit I think that's
the first time in slapped by a girl too
which means I'm doing something right in
life right thank you but there you guys
go hope that small amounts of meeting
slapped in the face entertain you guys a
little bit but now it's on to the mushy
stuff yeah 200,000 subscribers like I
you know I never really thought I would
get to 100,000 and then BOOM within a
year I've added another hundred thousand
on to that so it's like I have to say
thank you in the last video I did I went
on some big list and thanked basically
everybody who I wanted to I'm gonna keep
this one a little simpler because I know
you guys don't want to keep hearing the
same lists over and over again so for a
full list of thank yous go watch the
hundred thousand video I'll put in the
link down below honestly I just kind of
want to thank you like everybody
watching this right now if you watch
this video thank you so much you know
four years ago I got the idea to youtube
videos and I was working three other
jobs so if you count youtube I was
working for jobs and I was working as
hard as I could in hopes that one day I
would be able to make a living out of
something I love doing and I'm here now
like I have a skateboard company and I
make youtube videos acting like a goof
on the internet and with that I can
support my family it is it's so awesome
like
I have the best little dude a guy could
ask for ridin he's almost too I love him
so much and like it just makes me so
happy that I can like supply for him to
as much as he deserves and my wife of
course like I just I I can't thank you
guys enough it's literally a dream come
true so everybody who's watching my
videos shared them like them commented
on them like thank you you've made this
possible and like it means the world to
me it really does stupid hood you're
freaking hood is falling off my head I
got to have it the perfect angle so I
look all right I also want to take a
second to say like everyone who leaves
comments and sends me messages and
emails and stuff I know I can't get back
to them all and I'm really sorry like I
used to do my best to respond to
everything and as much as I could but
these days I'm just really busy I've got
so much stuff going on it's really
difficult and I you know I'm always
gonna come on in here and answer
messages and comments as much as I can
but I just want to say I'm sorry I still
go through comments and read all of them
as they come in on new videos I do my
best I'm always going to be interacting
with you guys no matter how busy and
crazy things get I promise always come
on the videos and respond to comments
here and there in addition to you
watching of course I want to say thank
you to ride in and my wonderful wife
Brittany I love you guys more than life
itself and I do this for you guys but
that's it guys I'm gonna go i'll be back
to my normal stuff here in a second and
in the second i mean like tomorrow
because i do daily videos if you're not
subscribed to me click the subscribe
button you get skateboarding skits
pranks like random stuff like I'm a
weird guy I come up with really strange
things sometimes so stay tuned I'm going
to do a traditional throw I'm going to
try to make it big and then the music is
gonna start playing to be crazy k camera
whoa flips I actually dropped it yep
actually drop my camera first time for
everything
come on slap me slap me that was okay
that was horrible
you
