how great YouTube let's break this down
okay first of all we have a 15 year old
justin nelson rolling up to this ledge
and this really should have been the
moment where he looked at and been like
you know what I'm not gonna do this it's
three inches off the ground and going
down a bag this is not a good recipe for
anything but not make cupcakes we're
gonna make a burrito it would not make a
good skate ledge either nothing it
doesn't nothing is good about this but
he goes ahead and tries it anyway and I
really think we pop the ollie he kind of
realized he was like oh you know three
inches off the ground down a bank I
might as well punish myself and just
slide down this thing face-first and now
we're here on the internet watching it
over and over and over again but no we
all do stupid things like this in
skateboarding Justin's actually came a
long way since his three inch tall no
slides down banks and he's a terrific
skateboard he actually has a handful of
clips for the revived video and they're
pretty good I mean he's like better now
than he ever has been like I'm so
psyched on this dude but if you've ever
been in a situation by trying a trick
you shouldn't have and you end up doing
stupid like this good on them gives you
a thumbs up and if you haven't give it a
thumbs up anyway just be proud of
yourself that you haven't been that
person because i have about a thousand
times in my life like I'm I think I'm
still that dude but I hope you guys dug
the slam this is a retro fall Friday
because this is some old footage my
buddy Peter Frank has sent it to me and
I'm very happy for that so thank you
Peter and of course thank you Justin for
you know falling down the bank like that
it was very entertaining and tune in
next week for another fall I also do
daily videos so hit the subscribe button
but before I wrap this video up I
definitely wanted to show you guys some
footage of just an actual landing tricks
on a skateboard if you've been fond my
channel you've already seen this stuff
but watch it again and enjoy it
I look all right perfect play you do
that in one clip you didn't do it by
five me anyway right I'm just here for
the party just and oh yeah I am Iron Man
or I have a really bright light and
you're about to get engulfed in it
subscribe add a man
I mean you gotta give it to him though
because when he was like in front of the
press conference he was like I am Iron
Man everyone was like what like their
minds are blown and everyone's like
looking at Batman like yeah what Batman
you got nothing on that man this dude
just told us who he is and then um and
then the sequels happened and life went
on good sequels though decent oh gosh i
think is like instant headache where is
the time hey
you
