see my new how do you feel about your
heel buddy I feel like I shouldn't
happen it should have happened but it
didn't know my heel shouldn't know your
heel happened when you were born dude
this is for Dallas progression to say it
this is Dallas progression to
you
you got to be kidding me totally the
worst one I filmed what you did it and
we're happy consider it ended ended
sander ander SE Bend Bend say cat cow
cow say mulch mulch saying where you
going with exactly Jessie how many
things you'd say
alright guys so here is the dude of the
hour this is your second progression
video he has one more on my channel but
more excitingly he actually started his
own channel where he's been doing a lot
of entertaining videos with the revived
guys and himself so he won't be able to
put this right right here ok in his
stomach region does give me a little
picture click that and go check out his
channel and subscribe it'll be also be
in the info and then if you want to
subscribe to my channel right in front
of us head that just popped up you hit
that for daily videos here on my channel
but more importantly click his frickin
belly wherever that is gotta say buddy
subscribe or die you just stealing my
lines
you
