haha my life my camera's life just
flashed before its eyes and we are at
Ludlow part because we drove here doug
is gonna do some tricks what's right
yeah you just ran away
oh you hat loser dude
oh my
ok
you
say bye Doug by though thank you for
watching my video guys I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you want to see more and
hit this right here you're gonna get
more skateboarding skits pranks wherever
randomness I come up with it's free so
click it subscribe or die you're getting
crap like this too I get caked on a
regular basis oh that was a chocolate
one subscribe for more stuff like this
dirt
ah ah I've been in bed I'm safe get off
of me all right guys you need to wise up
and click that bottom link that will
take you directly to Doug desa tells
youtube channel and obviously he can do
some tricks he jumps around the board it
flips he lands on stuff and it's awesome
so click that and subscribe to his
channel because you will not regret it
if you want to see more videos from me
click the top link i do daily videos
here of a bunch of different stuff so
click that if you haven't but mainly go
check out Doug and I am going to go put
my triscuits away while you do that
because i had triscuits hummus and now
you know that so I'll talk to you guys
later or see you guys or do something
later but guys shut up Andy
you
