call of duty ghosts that's what I'm do
tonight I'm gonna get mad yes I don't
even try to fight the anger anymore I
just like embrace the rage go out with
you know didn't I tell you I'm breaking
up we're done yeah pretty much when you
admitted you like Godsmack I was just
done with the relationship and I don't
really care what you do once you go date
where my friends its with all my other
exes do okay all right hey I don't care
my I'm getting of shampoo my hair is in
the oven goodbye all right don't love
you first kill the match I'm cool your
da I like to go tues shut up oh cool the
camping button still works in this game
okay more gu10 Sears dogs again are you
kidding me we got a new animal like for
what's gonna Bruce your kill me you go
to Spanish class how about that doesn't
that make sense shut up these mats are
gigantic dude your voice sucks you sound
like that parrot from Aladdin do you
even know what Latin is or you Nate nine
years old you're eight you are eight
years old I'm gay there there you go I'm
gay how do you expect to hear that on
the online gaming I really didn't this
guy's in his own personal Lassie boom
killed you take that and then your dog
kills me why wouldn't your dog died if
you if you die why wouldn't your dog
died that doesn't make sense oh because
because this is so real as the game I
blew up five seconds ago i exploded
because I didn't kill somebody oh just
shut up keep your name is weed weed weed
sex why does that mean does that mean
you like weed three times as much as you
like six
Oh direct take that too for all wait no
no Jafar is because you're an idiot why
mine water why can't I get out of this
water I'm moving like five seconds a
minute off that doesn't have to make
sense shut up I die I die in knee-high
war that was knee high water this is
something one bit of sense what next is
he gonna start snowing and I can't see
no that way that would actually make
sense dude don't even don't even talk
about ages what did you do this morning
did you friggin get a new action for
your kitchen oh there I am there i'm gay
again i am gay right yeah why wouldn't
it explode why wouldn't it look I just
shot you in the face it was cool from
outer space I just shot you in the boner
yep that happened yeah that one can be
gay I get that I get that no I that's
gay do not talk to me I will gargle in
your ear set yep sound like a crappy
metal band from myspace that's well
that's not like in your ear Oh triple we
don't you freaking start okay you know
what just make you mad I'm gonna go make
out with a dude how about that and then
you can call me gay all right I do not
even care what you're calling me okay go
pee bad until you're freaking nine years
old and the world's gonna be so much
different never really I'm going yeah
same time tomorrow
but what's up guys I've been doing these
every year new call of duty comes out I
love the games I haven't actually got
time to play this one so much and sadly
I have to say that this video was a skit
so many people are gonna be like wait if
you broke up with your girlfriend why'd
you have a wedding ring on and the
controller wasn't on it's a skit just
enjoy it for what it is you guys want to
keep seeing them i will keep making them
so give it a thumbs up if you dig its
hand next year one another cold you
comes out I'll bias to play it and do
one of these videos and act like an
idiot so that's it I'm gonna get off
this grandma couch i'm going to go peace
out
you
