yeah that's good
dude look at that
I'm trying to our names silver Bry names
okay I said ten tricks not ten tricks to
lens I hit right there look at it you
see the dent yeah you're lucky this
glass is durable thanks for watching my
video guys I hope your eyeballs enjoyed
it if you want to see more videos for
bead then boom hit them right there that
will subscribe you to my channel you get
more skateboarding skits pranks whatever
random acts that come up with really but
it's free to subscribe to get daily
videos from me get on it guys Golf Club
hahaha bowling pin yeah weird stuff like
this
all right so a lot of cameras got here
right there and a lot of you guys are
probably cringing and be like oh it's so
expensive it's getting hurt but honestly
we off pretty much film with Canon t3i
z-- and they're just super durable like
I am NOT getting paid to say this at all
I'm just just vouching like if you want
a good camera get a t3i here it is right
here I've had it for years and the
thing's been hit so many times like when
I film to the V X like it got hit and it
was just like the worst thing in the
world but t3 eyes I'm just kind of
laughed like I'm like it's alright it's
made of something from like Mordor or
something because it's just it's
unbeatable they really are and the fact
that I said that now I'm screwed because
the next time my camera gets hit it's
probably in two pieces but really guys
hope you guys dug this video I like to
do this once a while I said grab clips
of the same kind and put it together as
montages and like right now I'm like I'm
gonna start saving up more camera slams
and I'll do another one of these so if
you like that idea go down there and
give this video a thumbs up I think next
I'm gonna do some slam montages I've
been saving up for a regular slam
montage and they've been saving up for a
stupid slam montage because there's a
difference but I gotta go if you want to
see more videos subscribe I do daily
videos I gotta go
start doing a lot of work and I gonna do
Shrek ass tonight and you're thinking
like wait this is Saturday
how is shred cast even happened because
that was days ago freaking weird things
they're happening that can't be
explained hi Stan
