alright so I know this fall just kind of
seems like whatever like all right so he
fell into a quarter pipe but then I did
that thing where I watched it over and
over again and I was like yeah he
totally just fell face-first into a
quarter pipe I think it just comes down
to the Calvin's really good at just
casually doing everything like a skating
and his falling like when he does it is
like hey watch this man i'm gonna fall
out of my face but i'm just gonna kind
of turn suavely and i'm gonna make it
look like like it's pretty awesome he
absolutely did that like I watched that
fall time like that is one smooth dude
like I like what he just did right there
also another awesome thing about this
clip is that after he got done following
I had like the wisest thing to say ever
hey pal might as well call me mr. Miyagi
mr. shragie but there it is guys hope
you guys like that clip since i don't
have the footage of him landing any sort
of noseblunt on this like he was trying
i'm gonna show you another trick he did
first try at that skate park it is it's
probably gonna make me smile and now
even if it wouldn't have now that I said
that you're probably going to try to
watch you to be like whatever you do
don't smile and then you're gonna smile
you are screwed ha see told you at least
freaking 75% of you guys smile but I'm
gonna go hope you guys like this you
want to see another fall tune in friday
i also do daily videos to hit the
subscribe button wherever you are and
i'm gonna see you on the seeing side of
things gonna be honest i don't plan
these out i just kind of say words as
they happen so i'm gonna go um red bull
who didn't pay me to do that good bye
guys
what's up after your video dude people
watchers so we got revived be nice in
all right and I haven't worn a beanie in
a long time and I put this on and I was
like wow I should have a part in
breaking bad because I look like I'm up
to no good like I'd I don't know maybe
I'm being too hard myself I had a hoodie
on earlier and I was like I was like mr.
white where are you and he was like
nobody is here talking to you talk to
yourself Andy haha
you
