you
oh how did that happen what do you think
I meant to do this on purpose yeah well
I don't know maybe maybe I'm just not
cut out for dishes okay maybe I'm just
not meant to do this I'm just saying
that's a possibility yeah that's that's
my two cents no one will ever ask me to
do dishes again this is not how you eat
smarter till that's good
kids I got explain this video and it was
very bored one day and he had to do
dishes and he was like you know what I
might as well make a video about doing
the dishes but I'm here to tell you to
not use a hammer to do the dishes that
is not proper use a hammer to mess up
bad guys in Donkey Kong or super smash
brothers or the new game about Tim the
tool man Taylor if there is one I like
that guy except Allah we stole the show
still without
you
