YouTube what's up guys the black ninja
and I her here we are doing a haunted
adventure today we're gonna go to the
Halloween store and get some new
decorations we're gonna get all the old
decorations that we are going to make
our skatepark haunted right yeah we have
a friend helping us out but it's gonna
be a lot of fun this is father-son
haunted skatepark time okay are you
ready
with a friend with JP he's a good guy
look at this you got a co-ed shirt in a
graveyard it's spooky isn't it it's
gonna be a monster yeah you are getting
them right yeah so that's what we're
doing
come hang out with us first up is the
Halloween store let's go what are you
doing he's gonna stay in the laundry
basket or whatever this thing is oh just
shaking it now you know the pumpkin was
shaking it Wow you can block with it on
oh my gosh
okay don't you're gonna fall into the
hardwood look what you're right next to
be careful I love you don't scare me
like should we get the zombies or some
werewolf sound even later all right
we'll see let's go okay yeah who's there
banana who
but Ana whoo yeah I'm gonna shut the
door on banana banana who orange you
glad yeah I figured it was gonna go
there you're a jokester
yeah now we're going to target that's a
bummer like usually there's a really
cool Halloween store that opens up every
year and they just didn't open up this
year right why are you in the court oh
wait you are with that shirt oh where
are we riding are you scared that's not
that scary
why get off the phone we got to go to
the Halloween store
who's there cow milk but I don't get it
isn't it
we're here them the big wolf pumpkins
doesn't as big as the warehouse
pretty cool I don't know nothing to go
that's cute
hey are you ready to go I'm ready to go
are you ready to go I'm waiting
haha are we ready to get all the stuff
out right here's a bunch of stuff here's
the skeleton hey go get his arm you set
it on the stairs there's the big guy we
got a new big monster this year and it's
really cool oh the fun hasn't begun yet
because we have to get all the old
decorations down first and JP is gonna
be here but we gotta like get it all
together and see what we're working with
so let's go get those boxes you ready
okay
they're two of the boxes already right
here I didn't hey there's some pumpkins
drag these over there okay
both of these boxes okay
my god climbing up a ladder it sounds a
little scary
get some Windex grab some of this stuff
you gotta grab all of it okay there you
go come on we got to make a haunted
skatepark thank you for carrying that
did you find a friend who's here right
we got so much stuff dude I can see that
there's some rubber blood that's funny
to you you're just too daring we got
scare you
let's do pumpkins first you want you the
big one all right I say we put them over
there we're gonna make this look sharp
oh my gosh you are a zombie don't bite
me don't bite me I'm a zombie look how
good GP is making this pumpkin putting
it in but first that looks good yeah we
need all of these don't we look at this
guy let's go get em all here make sure
the skulls are this way okay
why'd you do it no one asked you to
you'll get bigger don't worry let's try
then okay like that's building the
coffin yeah it's almost done actual you
wanna get in alright you ready yeah now
should we put actually put you in the
ground yeah I'll see you next year we'll
take you up next year alright well start
the graveyard right here okay I want to
put gates and tombstones all the way
across okay that's how cool yeah let's
do it yeah make sure it's on there
really good it is look it's looking good
it is getting spooky here did you do
that was that ghost that was not you oh
my gosh you're the ghost you put a
spider there
what's the spiders name shake the
graveyard is looking pretty awesome look
at it it is spook and the boneyard is
looking awesome over here
I love the spiderweb on the handrail
dude he's idea to put it on it was a
great idea crushing it JP oh look at
this
ridin scarecrows happening
all right we got spray blood no don't do
that I'm gonna do it I'm gonna test it
oh my gosh
that's pretty gruesome dude just did
something awesome that is awesome who
got some blood on the door dude you
literally have to like build a robot
yeah it's it's complicated
yeah I think it will be too serious
staph and I can't get this on here with
JP dude it's very complicated not on the
bed Grim Reaper's thing doesn't stay put
it might be sensor mode or you turn it
on
play tag that's the coolest thing ever
yeah this is the coolest thing we have
in here other than you
we got to put the blood to use okay we
got it all done in one session that's
awesome here is the graveyard here is
the boneyard with a dead ride in here is
our Grim Reaper there he is let's keep
on going what is this yes that's the
pumpkin patch don't break the pumpkin
patch we got a ghost we got some blood
on the door
we got a mini-ramp skull and we've got
our scarecrow and dead quarters and the
coffin that you use in the skateboard
are you did that hurt yeah so there you
guys go there is our haunted skatepark
we are of course gonna do some tricks
here in this haunted skatepark I mean
he's jumped off on his board but he's
never done it on a three stair it's a
new trick you're gonna do this and then
roll down the bank okay try it
so there's a few quick tricks
JP thank you so much for helping us out
thank you right in hey thank you for
helping out yup
so enjoy the next few weeks of haunted
shred quarters footage because we're
gonna leave this up until November but
thank you guys for watching I do videos
here all the time I do have a lot of
videos with this guy and it's a lot of
fun and if you wanted to stay tuned to
see more just hit the subscribe button
right below the video and you just click
it and you're signed to see more it's
free it's easy I love making videos like
I booked a bull my name in it when did
you fall oh when you're sliding down
this on your body well I'm gonna go and
deal with that you guys have a great day
and we will see you in the future the
chair go get it
let's try this guy on for size remember
you
he got me you saved me
thanks buddy
