Oh
Oh
oh dude please note did you just see
that footage Ellis's footage here's
footage Ellis Ellis frost a not yay
point oj lead it doesn't it literally
just played but that totally was Ellis
frost shredding as he always does this
is the second batch of footage that uh
that he gave me and I had uploaded so
you guys can see more of it he like he
like gets on a skateboard and turns into
a fortune cookie I'm not sure what that
means at all but obviously you saw what
he does if you want to see more of Ellis
click this right there and go check out
his channel and subscribe he is just one
of the most innovative skateboarders out
there and I love watching him and you're
gonna like it to you want to see more
videos for me click that right there
that will subscribe you to my channel I
do daily videos but importantly boom
atlas click tell us and go wash you
stuff I'm gonna go see if Dallas planets
war side goodbye haha do it do it do it
do it do it do it do it do it don't do
it that was scary
you
