thomas doing a three flip revert this
year ago and I've never seen him do it
but it's probably a team three tries
because that's what he does I was wrong
didn't do it in three tries you will
though you'll and it won't get it right
now oh that's it that's it all right
whoa what was that you did blow it
excite you landed it perfectly just
walked away good job Thomas so guess
what I'm doing tell me giving away this
t-shirt oh well not that exact one you
can keep that one plots here's your
chance to win a t-shirt the teacher you
just saw Thomas wearing those are gone
forever if you didn't buy one you're
never going to be able to get a chance
to ever again because that was our 2013
seasonal shirt but I am going to give
you a chance to dude ever again but I am
gonna give you a chance right here to
win 1 i'm going to show you right here
is my favorite Halloween as this is a my
buddy angel and the nocturnal cruise
thrilla montage angel did an awesome job
with this and I'm really psyched on it
so what you're going to do to possibly
win a t-shirt is you're going to go
watch that video and comment on it and
just tell me why you liked it and in
three days I'm going to go through and
pick 2 comments and give two large
Halloween tease away and i'll contact
you here on youtube get all your
information and send you the shirts out
if you're younger than 18 make sure your
parents know you're doing this because i
got to get your address but other than
that as simple as that i do daily videos
here on YouTube so hit the subscribe
right there if you want to see more
videos for me but yeah get-get to
entering the contest guys go watch that
video love it and leave a comment tell
me what you liked it what Thomas don't I
guess what is good that is good advice
you
