that was one smooth 50 by Alex viewing
and you're watching revived randomness
here at Cincinnati Ohio Eric Kinslow at
that Bush right there I miniature tree
good-looking shrub oh and there's a
skateboarder you are upside down
again okay what's up
how to be cool and responsible drinks
done you still throw it but you don't
litter everybody wins oh you freakin
Tusken Raider here you got it you got it
you got it how in what were you going to
do like roll into that tropical
starburst we're really good oh here's
the first trick getting across it
without getting your feet wet you failed
you did not land that trick ah i had to
dude
just manual away just go away with it
mmm 360 180 lat 40 subscribe or don't
thought I don't know what's going on
right now
me all right the gas station because
Dallas needs a red bull at eleven
o'clock at night night mission man
mission dude
you
you
