so that right there was a classic fall
it's been on my channel before you guys
probably seen it but I've never done and
I've never shown you all the attempts
and whatnot Wow my gosh my body sounded
like a ton of bricks like listen to that
on repeat I mean you gotta admit that
kind of sounds like the classic sound
effect of like when they put burglars in
bags and cartoons just kind of toss them
around and I'm not having an ego at all
when I say this but I'm kind of proud on
how I handle the situation I just fell
on my face and I kind of laughed about
it like it wasn't a big deal look at the
hoax gonna like die dude I know you did
dude no it wasn't it wasn't that bad it
was pretty comfortable oh my god I mean
I comfortable for falling like that dude
that was scary you know it didn't really
hurt I was sore the next day but there's
something weird with my body like it's
just an idiot but it's awesome it's like
my body is an awesome idiot I need a
beard and I didn't stop there like I
first some reason it was just a hard
hippie jump I kept trying and I ended up
just getting hurt again because I'm an
awesome idiot oh dude that's not good
hmm I've never like ripped a piece of my
skin off that like that that's like a
segment of my thumb dude no it doesn't
hurt I at least that is what the East
does you California there'd be like
kittens like jumping around you flowers
blooming but that's it guys if you guys
dug this video going to give this video
a thumbs up I'll be back next Friday
with another fall and then I do daily
videos to make sure he's described and
hope you guys have a good day or if you
want have a bad day I hope you have a
bad day go do something bad in a good
way put on that note I'll see you guys
soon subscribe or
shaving cream
did but it ended up just getting hurt
again and this one was just sorry and
what do you know josh katz interrupted
me in the middle of video say what's up
Josh eat your breakfast all right eat
your breakfast say goodbye I got ID or
shaving cream does not taste good who
are the router here Ralph or so bad Oh
tell all right al
