it's really cold out today and doug's
from California so he's like in misery
right now I'm sure are you in misery old
it is kind of cold you are insane you're
insane you're free you have to be
freezing surprise surprise Thomas
hoodies back on don't go that's what you
get for sneaking Thomas hi my name is
Andy and I'm about to cave man Borland
hi my name is Andy and I'm about to get
caveman board slid over it's like it's
freezing temperatures and you guys are
in t-shirt crazy crazy you're cool he's
from cali they love them i wish i was
from cali
so the dude that did the nollie laser
flip is this guy right here Doug just
tells you guys probably already know but
if you don't there should be some links
on the screen the top one subscribe to
my channel the second one the bottom was
going to check his channel I don't do it
you do do it right no what you do do it
yeah the whole bad advice times but good
switch heelflip to something yeah
you
