hey I gotta learn no slides right now
I'm gonna try to you and you're gonna
since this box is low will let you just
smash and do it okay okay but the next
time you do them you gotta ollie up okay
it made me entertained not proud I'm
gonna be proud I figured it out what'd
you figure out switch left side
everyone's learning something today oh
oh that's how yeah that's how you do it
oh there you go sloppy there you go see
those yeah it could be sloppy even if
you don't do it better I mean it was
your first no that's true
congratulations yeah um yes are you
ready to film this oh I think so okay
I'm recording right now am I ready to
land it you know what no because it on
my gloves on I am the proper amount of
weird now okay let's see if I can land
this I just landed like a normal person
but I landed in this
well I've already I'm not gonna lie i've
done that a few times my life house but
i did with a pink suit when you do
things with the pink suit and gloves and
will kind of look like you live on the
street it's a different trick in itself
thank you for watching my video guys i
hope you guys enjoyed it if you want to
see more that hit this right here you're
gonna get more skateboarding skits
pranks whatever randomness i come up
with it's free so click it subscribe or
die
you're getting crap like this too I get
caked on regular basis oh that was a
chocolate one subscribe for more stuff
like this dirt
so everyone's gonna flip out because
that wasn't a suit that was just a
jacket and I know that believe me guys I
know that but I don't want to put suit
jacket in the title you know that guy
he's like bubbling up load up on the
road but you know say
you
