so we're gonna do a revive Halloween
little episode for you and they're being
super lazy so all we have is uh masks
it's because I work too much I could do
with a cape though
that was terrifying
that was butter
I hope you guys liked this video we had
fun doing it for sure and I just want to
give you a heads up that we have a
October only Halloween shirt there's a
few of them left in the store they're
probably gone by the end of the week so
grab it if you want to the stores write
down their URL dude stop screaming me
man say he says try no the screaming I
never said anything dude you're breaking
character
are you ready for the unveiling you are
disgusting swimming in the Nile and the
Amazon talking about man voice and more
because I'm Bruce Wayne disgusting one
of the most disgusting is have gone dude
what rubber mask son skateboarding no
girls you'll never get girls go home
take a shower reevaluate
maybe you will
