YouTube what is up guys we are here
today in the one gross day in LA I drove
here
this is unacceptable we're trying to
skate this is breath we did a rain dance
that is hunter and we're gonna go meet
Mike Osterman who is the second best
freestyle or in the world I think he's
first side plain bread has the first
trick of the day there you go freestyle
maybe put due to the colors look at look
how good you look against the blue I
feel like this would be really good to
bash into hey will you will you fill me
is way wetter here than anywhere else
look at the sidewalk dry here puddles he
just walked through it yeah thank you
that's what you do that was awesome
literally where it's gonna happen this
is the only place this guy right here
sells it a fire pit in the middle of
skate spot yeah that's beautiful there's
a curb that we can potentially do tricks
home what's my first trick what's your
first trick you do sir
I got in this whole situation gonna oh
yeah I got a threefold nose it's gonna
not slide that was a good warm-up Mike
nice to meet you this is my posture
let's just go to the three foot
newsflash
I appreciate it though dude this is a
mix of freaking dirt and concrete on the
where I was going when I start this ends
laughing I'm gonna hit you and I'm sorry
I'm not trying to you're gonna punch me
this videos all right after the 3 inch
curb session I'm sweating it's also
muggy but there's no there's no excuse
it was fun though Thank You hunter for
filming oh now things are actually kind
of drawing up a little bit but this guy
doesn't need ledges I don't need ledges
and you just need the ground yes I want
to see something that just defies Newton
here's the physics guy right yeah yeah
yeah I mean there's a bunch of physics
guy boy I don't know Newtons I bet the
only guy public school yeah oh yes did
into five physics but I liked it that
was the worst three six you have ever
done I know but I also told you to do it
so it's your fault I told you to defy
physics then I told you 360 then I said
that didn't defy physics
the villain right here who's yeah it's
your fault hero villain the Newton the
Sir Isaac Newton Matthew yeah was that a
trick knows does it count
oh jeez oh there was the smooth one
feels good you're rolling away I can't
high-five you that was dude I love that
Titleist dude so that was I don't know
whatever you did how you picked your
board up dude you're making a new trick
alright it's called did you look mom the
look mom no one foot look mom one foot
we just tag-team name that yeah look mom
now I'm gonna stop directing him he's
just gonna wow you guys cuz he's number
two in the world and he goes in two
months and trying to get number one
right are you going I'm gonna try to oh
it's gonna be say I'm supposed to be in
New York of the same time I'm gonna ruin
every clip by getting excited at the end
of it I'm okay with that
pull out your pocket watch oh that was
called the pocket watch
oh I thought that was like Christmas was
happening movie was it hi bling did you
just answer your alarm I was gonna fake
I was gonna pick that's more important
than you would be it's Walt I'm it's
Walt's okay yeah I think so my heart was
genuinely beating right mine was to for
a minute yeah now I'm out now it's not
do it this should be called like the
Nunchuk I feel like you're nuts
it's the Bruce Lee actually so it's a
good point is it really no but she got
me renamed all of these tricks behind
you as we go we are yes I always will
you please right all right fine leave I
was trying to congratulate you we've got
friends I know you guys didn't want to
kind of it if it was sucky sucky this is
the wettest skate spot ever and we're
gonna hug not that bad it's right here
doesn't but every legit sucks what's up
man I don't skate ledges you know that
no you never have we got J support oh
man we got holding there we have the
back hold his head we got the front of
Jason's face oh and a hug and a lonely
guy I have no idea what happened I think
my axle went like inside my foot this
hurts so bad it's not gonna stop me
actually it might but I'm at least keep
track
No are you okay
I'm fine is our core self is he okay is
the camera okay did it hit the ground no
my arm did
never see me thanks Phil a man I'm gonna
do a line with JC Park and we both do a
first try yes line I'm done here though
this was just a fun little quick session
in LA I got here and it rained but we
made the best of it we had fun this guy
you did the best stuff in this video so
his channel is right down below he's a
very talented freestyle scape were
clearly he's a nice guy like his face
you should check gentlemen thank you you
learned some freestyle skateboarding
there a little bit yeah and I do videos
here myself so if you'd like to see more
videos for me hit the subscribe button
right down below your side to see more
free videos I say this all the time I
made so many youtubers my way
how many literally like 20 100 or
something I have two channels so more
than that that's a lot of money yeah
alright and thank you for watching this
one I'll see you guys very soon with
another video I do videos all the time
so uh yeah bye guys
what was that oh you're trying to get
your brand in there aren't you wall
shirts or don't you probably should nut
or don't doughnut it's not as my Krispy
Kreme
Oh donut that's Ross thinking Krispy
Kreme
you
