you too what is up guys I am doing a
vlog so today I'm doing a nerdy vlogger
so today because I'm about to go wait in
line to get a new Nintendo system but
I'm gonna do a lot of things so hang out
with me
first thing is I'm getting this guy into
the bus okay the bus stop and now he's
gone he's wearing stair camouflage I
can't see him anymore I'm getting hooked
by you all right you ready go the bus
stop dude I love you let's go let's get
ready can you do a 360 just jump up a
new trick you see you're getting there
buddy get your book back wow there's the
light okay yeah I've always been a
Nintendo fan and they are releasing this
Super Nintendo classy today which has a
ton of awesome super incentive games
that I grew up with is it even worth it
to talk right now can you teach like a
bright face alright so yeah the super
Zoda classic comes out today it has a
bunch of awesome games and if I would
have bought all those games you'd be
like hundreds and hundreds of dollars
like 60 bucks for the actual system so
I'm very excited and I think I'm losing
my place line I'd join my friends right
now
I really wish I was able to get coffee
today I don't have to wait until
afterwards you guys made for time for a
cup of coffee yeah coffee or put the kid
on the bus and I was like I'm gonna get
my kid to school that's good hi guys hi
hey thank you my wife didn't even notice
no but you did so that's good but you
told me look you notice more than you
think you can go at her every time you
told me that's why oh right well it's
good good you failed that then JP's here
do I want to know what's in this box
pancake attack Oh our company yep our
actual companies in the box you guys are
the people listening to the band before
the band's show yeah yes we aren't not
roll that
then you're the person texting obsess we
got it I think we definitely got it
because of this we are going in Spencer
stuff William Spencer I have to ship
this stuff we're going we're going in
I need a turbo toy shop toy I need a
stuffed animal take its eyeball and I
need this are you ticklish yes it
literally takes a piece of your soul
away when you take a little full-grown
man so don't do that either give a
little less soul now okay don't be
singing jazz as you can't not fully at
least every time I walk in the store it
smells the same way I did when I was
like eight and I feel and I feel we got
them yeah how much is it fifty five
bucks
let's not steal I mean you could steal
without make it cheaper Casey don't
steal I'd never steal I've never stolen
anything okay good anything I'm good
you're good guy we did it we all were
successful now I'm gonna get coffee and
I'll see you guys at work that's X I
think coffee thumbs way off e I haven't
had coffee today my life is better be so
great I'm finna better yours that's
adorable you by the way that's so tiny
you're about here Columbus yes
safe travels I will see you probably
early next week yep Sunday Monday
this is a medium ask for a medium coffee
and I got a liter of Cola geez and it
tastes okay though I got a little bit of
cream today I'm living life all right
let's go go to work let's and go to work
let's go to work man let's go to work
I'm Batman let's go to work punk that's
got like Wolverine all right let's just
go it's lipstick it Dunkin Donuts Han
it's not I do not support their size
have you seen it yet it's adorable isn't
it this is like a $600 worth of stuff on
this I like all of these games I would
have been there this morning if I had
not already beaten wherever wherever it
is you need to play through it again you
won't no you haven't
this is the greatest game of all time
it's my favorite game of all time I'm
very excited first perk is you trying to
play another chance didn't age well did
not age well not age one all right it's
like turning into a studio okay so I've
got a couple more things in this video
we are about to do a podcast talking
about all things nerdy we're gonna Super
Nintendo heavy and I'm going to show you
guys a sneak peek but I'll link it right
down there so you guys can listen to it
if you're going to work or you're
working a job where you listen to stuff
or you're just sitting at home and you
want some background music strike back
podcast is pretty cool not music these
go to my office to sneeze yeah why are
you in my office okay whatever and then
I'm gonna do a skit now I'm gonna land a
new skateboard trick I'll add it really
I just haven't filmed it yet is it she's
fresh of a back tail have you ever done
it never ever okay yeah this is a mic
check and what do you do I'm not singing
that doesn't make sense for me to do
does it you just talk just talk I one
time through a blueberry at an old lady
and she did not like it at all deeply so
what she did it is uh turned around and
threw a pancake right at me and I was
like you know what if we just had both
of these things together we could be
cool and that's why you should it was
gonna
good ending right sometimes no it does
thank you Capital One for this this is
completely sounds like I wasn't like it
literally just played my part like how I
wouldn't give it to you for free brought
to you by Capital One tell me more
yeah reward points yeah you got reward
points yeah you know what no I saw an
article talking about the is co-existing
like clearly that was gonna be a thing
yeah you know like it's like and now
seen the new Star Wars movie is like oh
my gosh you're gonna make another why
don't you make another one well yeah
like when Star Wars 10 gives an ounce I
won't even be that surprised because
it'll probably happen over 15 probably
in the works or they'll just pull an
apple and a bullet you start with 100
yeah yeah yeah probably
you just skip a number yeah just have
like a like a nother room a new world
okay so what you should do is you should
download Mario music yes and then listen
to it yes with it so mario has the
headphones there you go two against me
against probably you guys playing to
play next week can you think yeah I'm
supposed to go up to ironically enough
someone who's I had no idea Star Fox 2 I
didn't know that was a thing I didn't
hit her like into a solar box yeah right
now on during this during this podcast
we talked about it on this broadcast we
did yeah that's how my memory works we
talked about Star Fox - yeah I'm crazy
so on this list you know we talked about
it getting misfits tickets I really hope
so fingers crossed so yeah we just the
podcast if you guys you guys saw this
the little snippets from it if you guys
want to listen the whole thing the link
it for our podcast is right down there
and you guys would give it a listen and
even to hit the subscribe button on on
iTunes or whatever format you use
because it's on a bunch of stuff that
would meet a lot he was a review on
iTunes as well that would help out a lot
get our name out there did you buy those
tickets I'm trying that's sounding kind
of bossy I'm sorry I've got two legs
there's only one arm you destroyed the
couch with a forklift the guy literally
stepped down I was like do you want to
smash nice absolutely that's amazing do
footage of it Brian took the story yeah
I saw that poor couch all haha it's
beautiful thank you
you'll be rewarded my friend by form of
money I'm gonna pay you because he did a
bunch of work today Melissa go skate
park
ya know it took us four years thank you
for all your work dude thank you you're
the best will you be nice enough to film
me do my new trick I forgot of course
dude
so I'm gonna do a front shove it back
tail on this very tall ledge for my
brother sighs it's weird honestly I know
it seems weird and scary but it just
kind of works I like how I'm warming up
with something I've never tried in my
life I think this is harder the manager
promising first rash
that was really James Kent that was
perfect and I just lost my balance I got
really excited for you
my favor of those weird they're like to
point it that way let me watch it I got
to take that front shove it and backside
tailslide just something bigger because
further this is just the learning device
and then I'll end to a new move so well
thank you for coming
you're welcome these guys an awesome guy
if you guys are clueless and you're new
here because if it's a video game video
I own a skateboard company I have
awesome friends that do it with me yeah
so any skateboard needs we have a one
line skate shop the strike force calm do
you want to see other stuff I do stuff
that I like to think is entertaining so
if you guys want to see more videos I'll
just hit the subscribe button down below
it's free just click it and your
sentencing more I already did an
unboxing of the SNES classic with my
little guy so there'll be a link to that
at the end of this video I hope if not
it's on my channel I'm gonna box mine
later not for video just for myself and
I'm gonna play it you're gonna play it
all weekend aren't you oh not all
weekend there's a lot of course no I
gotta wait a while this sucks I was like
a legit punch who's gonna leave
here Brian put this home you put this
off could you put this on Brian put it
on put this on no I was already tied Oh
God that sucks
put that on their head right in oh wow
dude you look so cool you should just
always wear that it's always like like
when you're at Target wear that when
you're at the gas station where that
yeah this day n'ajjer wouldn't be that
normal or that abnormal I know wouldn't
anything goes or in the nineteen it
really wouldn't have been nineties where
people were weird yeah but in the 90s I
get more looks than that I would now why
are you going into my office everybody's
just going into my office
