YouTube what is up guys so it is dead
like 18 right here it is 8 o'clock in
the morning and I'm running on about
four hours of sleep because I was up
late working last night and I really
want to like mentally punch things with
my face and physically I'm gonna go wake
up my child oh let's do this I thought I
heard a little boy in here
hi give me five for the morning yeah
give me another five give me a rock fall
down fall down I love you buddy
jack-o'-lantern milk waffle
give me a hand buddy you look pretty
cute with your Batman hoodie where's
your mom yeah should I put shoes on yeah
love you you too alright so I'm ready to
leave the house now it's a big day
because of a handful of dudes are coming
to Cincinnati to go to Philadelphia for
the weekend so that's awesome but the
same time it's gonna be really sad to
leave my family the first thing is first
I'm going to the gym to run ha banana ah
all right so now about the gym I'm
running indoors because it's chilly
outside you're not coming in boom three
miles later I'm done now I'm headed to
the office let's go all right so I'm at
the office I'm waiting for Dallas so we
can go get lunch but I'm gonna get
orders started and then we have to do
some sorting of skateboards we have a
few in right now and then work on all
these hoodies so not even in bags but
when Dallas gets here I'm totally gonna
throw something as he comes around the
corner
he's like be ready for it hahahahahahah
do that I was just trying to throw a
shoe at you dude up to you - they help
us hit you in then I'm sorry you're
right
are you back No best thing about it is I
threw a bag of shorts at you as a last
sales all ready for you all right so
we're getting lunch before we get into
the work day because I'm hungry have you
ever been hungry before that song sucks
sucks draining you ready to run for it
go go go
hey surprise we're at New York because
this is right every day dude it's like a
mess that was all hard on it there's
like you attacked your sandwich and this
is like the remedies yard
back to work doing orders and Dallas is
just practicing shove-its it's got a
switch when you think about it
so there's 56 rules of grip tape here
and I'm gonna make a grip tape pyramid
very excited about this sounds I'm
excited too it is is it gonna be like
Qbert you ready for the epic unveiling
pyramid don't de fricking dun dun that
is a lot of grip tape post office then
the airport me Doug Doug Jeff Telles
we're going to get Doug dust tails we
were there for to pick up Doug Desa
tells be staying that is the down let's
not hear that way MARY POPPINS ish yeah
we've spotted Doug distills he's a
briefcase most epic way to travel ever
dude doug has tails it's all brother
um Daniel life is happening right now
right now yeah where's your skateboard
baggage right now we're gonna go to
under the bridge park which I skate like
every day in life because it rains every
day in my life
dude it's dry we should have gone the
floors part shoes weird under the bridge
Park Newport what are going call tricks
I hope John I'm gonna film dog more than
man I want to be ready for Philadelphia
second try ever let's break it
graduations duck session over going back
to the office doing work it's time to
relax you know what that means
alright so we're here in the office
we've got a few odds and ends to do I'm
multitasking on two computers you are
the very first person do a walk through
your setup I'm ready to go
heck yes saver yeah what's up dude you
look very clean-cut
Thank You free do it yet there you go
say nice to meet you nice to meet you
nice to meet you you actually asked
where the grip tape is yeah I didn't see
that yeah it's hard to find isn't it
alright so these dudes are going to
skateboard and I'm going to have some
family time before I leave for
Philadelphia I will see you guys at 7:30
later hi buddy you make a mess all over
the place but you say we clean some of
this off buddy ah-choo basket yeah gimme
five
hey buddy I have to go to Philadelphia
tonight I'm oh I'm gonna miss you
you be the commander house where I'm
going okay you be good and take care
your mom okay yeah I miss you I love you
see I'm a Pokemon master
alright guys so I say goodbye to my
family and it's really tough because I'm
gonna miss them so much it's gonna be a
long three half days but right now I'm
doing shred cast the podcast I do and
black ninja is Nydia awful but it would
be good if I got a good one I like I
like bartered what the guy was like not
been eight bucks about six alright guys
so Shrek cast is over and I am trying to
get my head straight to go to
Philadelphia but this then fidex we're
just gonna drive for the Rose tonight so
I hope you guys like this in life is a
little different and this spirit it's
not coming with us that's the end of the
video that's totally the end of video
thanks for watching my video guys I hope
your eyeballs enjoyed it if you want to
see more videos for bead then boom hit
them right there that will subscribe you
to my channel you get more skateboarding
skits pranks whatever random aside come
up with really plus it's free to
subscribe to get daily videos from me
get on it guys Golf Club hahaha bowling
pin yeah weird stuff like this
you say please can you say bubble Babu
can you say rhinoceros who the bears
pretty cute riding you're gonna get a
lot of girls today okay
just pick one then pick one that you
like and you care about all right that's
the goal you have one I mean do you have
one that you like her name might be Suzy
off like from the Calvin comics wow yeah
all right trying trying to embarrass you
you
