840 videos- 40 guys like that is a ton
of videos like if i did a video every
day it would take me eight hundred days
to get that many videos but you know
we're going to do we're going to do
recap of the last 100 videos on my
channel I hope you guys enjoy this give
this video a thumbs up for 100 more and
she wants a thank you guys for watching
and supporting me it means the world but
i'm gonna go i'm going to nerf sword you
once again well i'm really bad at this
watch it how does the room look right
here oh it's gonna had a fantasy of
batman making it with bad in and it's
right here the opportunity is right here
put your shirt on put your shirt on but
she's you're done Oh put your shirt on
you want to do something with your life
even if it's super far-fetched do not
care what people think okay if that's
what means something to you and that's
what you want to do let them think
you're crazy I'm gonna get on to it and
I lay off of it seems like a pretty way
to get hurt yeah well that's what
happens in these videos Gary guys really
aren't helping me Oh Patrick I dad man
youtube what's up guys I totally just
got married to this
here the most beautiful girl in the
world I'm the luckiest guy ever hey
buddy
you have mental problems yes you do hmm
dead whatever happen to that seafood
place that shrimp lobster that bread the
hanging that was easy fridays for my
freaking hip tries literally took me
like an hour and housing perfect I'm
sorry ya ready to dance ready where's
ride in weird ride and go where Dryden
go there is
it just got a heart oh that was a good
one hear us haha come back here come
back here which cameos hey say subscribe
i I've never said this I'm subscribe
that was the Vedas clip ever thank you
guys for watching my videos if you want
to see more of this heat this button
right here it's free to subscribe you
get daily videos skateboarding skits
pranks and whatever randomness I come up
with it's oh and i can't get hit in the
head lock no one will surprise right
there
you
nah kid you all right hey Bob you're
right Fred I love you you want a coke
you want a Pepsi sir mountain dew coke
is right answer
you
