hey I think the morale of my entire
youtube channel is that casey bechler
can fall oh my gosh he's had a bunch of
goofy slams on my channel but like this
one was just like raw manly slam I feel
kind of not straight saying that but
that was a raw manly slam I get that
just absolutely describes it like being
felt flew onto his face and his nose and
his mouth and then he just got up and he
hawked out he was like throwing his
board who uh scared of him I was
announcing I was like I'm not gonna talk
to this dude for a few seconds to let
him cool down he didn't stay mad for
long and he literally just grabbed his
board tried it one more time landed it
it was it was like a fairy tale ending
like everybody was happy bambi ran in
and that's just it ANDed with bambi i
guess so i try to do these videos every
single friday you know fall friday but I
feel like if I just keep skating with
Casey it's just gonna be him forever no
offense Casey because you duel and
tricks to I'm just saying you're really
good at falling like you're awesome at
it but if you guys like this video go
down there and give this video a thumbs
up and I'll keep doing these every
Friday you'll get to see someone fallen
on my channel and me talking about it
but for now i'm going to go so i'll see
you next friday and every day because of
do daily videos and i'm going to tack
you guys with a nerf sword haha you just
got nerve sorted goodbye YouTube thank
you for watching my video guys I hope
you guys enjoyed it if you want to see
more than hit this right here you're
gonna get more skateboarding skits
pranks wherever randomness I come up
with it's free so click it subscribe or
die
you're getting crap like this too I get
caked on regular basis oh that was a
chocolate one subscribe for more stuff
like this dirt
you've reached the end of the video
where I'm gonna juggle water no not I
was horrible it didn't hit the camera at
all and after reviewing the footage I
realize it did hit the camera just did
it again except I'm blurry
you
