so I don't know there's that dilemma
like do I play guitar or to play video
games just like what I'm going to do
with my free - are you even listening to
me you're bathing like while I'm talking
to you but yeah I totally have some free
time which never happened so this
probably is the end of the world for
everybody you're lucky to be watching
this video but I'm gonna use my free
time wisely in my place to video games I
got my hands like copy of Rocksmith 2014
and this is post Ichi I play guitar so I
was like guitar and video games like yes
sign me up
sign me up twice I actually know how to
play guitar a little bit already but
this teaches you like the legit way to
do it so I'm gonna play it and I'm gonna
show you guys a footage and my time my
thoughts on it so let's do this whoa
whoa don't do that
alright so I'm playing this thing down
because that's what real men do and I
got this on ps3 it also comes on Xbox
360 PC and Mac I do believe but I'm
playing on ps3 I do not care what you
play it on don't do your whole console
war thing guys as long as you're playing
the game right but I have my real guitar
which is pretty awesome the game comes
with a cord that you just plug into your
guitar and then you plug into your ps3
or whatever you're playing on and then
all sudden you can play your guitar on
TV it's like the best thing in the whole
world like punches you in the musical
face it's fantastic so I'm gonna pick a
song they have a pretty good selection
here they have Green Day
Deftones they're more rush Weezer like
there's a lot of Slayer boom like it
just keeps impressing me so I am of
course going to go with Iron Maiden the
trooper and I'll show you some of this
stuff here this is my face you do that
in total helps you tune your strings in
case you did not do that you can also do
lead rhythm or bass one did you lead
because that sounds fun
it's kind of cool because as you first
start playing it eases you in with stuff
like this and then as a you isn't the
game sees you get better it's kind of
adds more notes and all of a sudden
you're playing something that you didn't
think you could I definitely feel like
this is a fast way to learn guitar like
this right here I didn't really know
what I was doing at first it kind of
seemed overwhelming but after a few
measures I was like hey man I can do
this all right
so I'm gonna play a few more of these
songs and I'll give you my overall idea
of this game pretty but from the get-go
I'm pretty psyched on it this is pretty
cool
holy face stamp rise against clicked one
of the greatest bands ever
so there you guys go Rocksmith 2014 I
give it two thumbs up because I've
always felt like there needed to be a
game out there that like actually
teaches you how to play guitar I mean I
know how to play guitar but even me like
I play it and I'm like I don't know a
lot it makes me realize there's so much
more to learn and it's a fun way to do
it really thorough and helpful there's a
lot of classic rock songs and modern
stuff so check it out if you want to put
info right down in the info it's
definitely worth looking into and you
can pick it up for pretty much any any
system you got I hope you guys like this
video I'm gonna be back with more
skateboarding skits pranks randomness
whatever I come up with and I'm gonna go
wake my son up from a nap and be a dad
for this the day but um my cats over
there I'm gonna do a football pass and
scare my cat boom nothing nothing on her
I'm sorry I'll let you nap I'll let you
NAB kitty goodbye oh and hours later
when I was watching the footage I
realized I said put the info in the info
bill put the info right down in the info
buy info I meant Rocksmith comm check it
out it's down in the info this idiot is
going good bye good bye
how does the room look hurt here
you
