very old quadruple flip like what you
gonna do a varial flip and make it spin
four times flip I came to talk straight
that's such a good trick then there was
like a handful of other mind-blowing
tricks like this is Ellis frost beep
okay here how like how seriously I'm
gonna talk about a mess because that was
some serious skateboarding Ellis was
actually one of the first people on
YouTube to support me like he put me in
his other channels thing and I was just
I was touched and it's awesome that I
still am seeing him absolutely
annihilate on a skateboard today so you
guys if you don't even need a reason
okay you just saw what he can do on a
skateboard go check him out people okay
it's right here click that and get on
his channel and like it you're gonna
spend a few hours there watching the
craziness that he does on a skateboard
and then I do daily videos myself right
there so click that and mainly Ellis
Ellis freakin Frost very old quadruple
flip are you kidding me no no you're not
kidding me
