that one like was obvious you're just
messing around max Mayberry wanted are
you always grabbing me and embracing my
hand you want to get this ledge you know
how it's dark Telus yeah oh right now
you're faced with ghosts sorry can you
see ya kicked out two tricks in kicked
out right originally we were ricocheting
off walls and here's the new spot
another ledge
dude this is really skinny this is hard
because you got to be like boom like
Luke when you blow the death star 2
meters wide hidden bullseye womp rats he
never did it there's no way how was the
toughest that's the quail the quail
maneuver I don't know why just is Gary
Bill oh I cut your head off them didn't
feel me good but I liked it dude what
are you laughing about man whatever the
voice just came out of you from that
again oh man you I can't even do it hey
congratulations you guys when you got a
long through the video part Gary yeah
you want to switch it outside this ledge
all right switch nosies man I was like
going Annika do you fall more than any
scaper the whole world yes what you gots
a man this really doesn't look all that
bad shake junt well that's ridiculous
but I mean the size
you
hey that is totally my new thing is
making people slap my camera and I look
crazy in this light can't see anything
at all gosh 100 lenscrafters come on
you
