no now let's do that again yes fewer a
16-bit game you'd have been sonic right
there buddy it doesn't make sense cuz
you weren't going that fast you had the
style yeah scare me half to death Thomas
I have to go faster yeah yeah it's a
very long much boom Bonnie wheels right
now
yes he was just talking in the middle of
a clip the answer is no not right now
one day I will but you'll need them
before I buy it for you oh my stars you
somehow landed it and then just rolled
right back in the grass good job buddy
I cut your head off but the trick was
good I liked the trick thank you guys
for watching my videos if you want to
see more of this heat this button right
here it's free to subscribe to get daily
videos skateboarding skits pranks and
whatever randomness I come up with it's
oh and i can't get hit in the head lock
no one was surprised right there
oh really fast dude that is ridiculous
Thomas is the line it is a line of
demarcation on your leg it looks like I
got surgery but I didn't can't so you're
right here
you
