what is up guys so I'm doing a
documentary style video uh
you guys seem to like these in the past
and I haven't done one in a while we're
downtown that's why random honking just
honked we're here at shapes
it's a age-old Cincinnati skate spot and
this is where I broke my first bone
multiple bones actually it wasn't in my
foot and it sucked but let's let's go on
this is the main part of shapes it looks
like the most fun place to skate ever
and it's it's really hard and
challenging to do any tricks here but a
lot of people come here expecting it to
be like a skate park it would be kind of
creative you definitely ought to be
talented and you kinda have to be lucky
to but fun it's been around forever and
the local cops don't care if they urge
you to skate here it's just a good place
there used to be an eight stair handrail
out back it was so good okay it wasn't
so good but for Cincinnati we don't got
a lot of rail options and it was really
nice to have this here it was low the
roll-up could be better but I mean for
your first eight sir handrail where you
actually get on and slide you know it's
a long enough where you can like feel
your grind and slide it's perfect let's
go up here and it's not even here
anymore
rumor has it I don't know if this is
just like a Cincinnati legend is like a
talented skateboarder got really mad at
a trick and like knocked it out like
just knocked it out of place and you
couldn't skate it there was two rails so
I don't know if it's true or not but if
it is that sucks like don't break skate
spots people look over there how many
people do you think got angry at this
skate spot that's another thing as like
a kid you don't you don't think about
what you're doing but it's an adult
you're like dude like this is why people
don't want you skating here cuz look at
this wall it looks terrible it's always
looked like this like 10 years ago it
looked like this 15 years ago it looked
like this either way the rails were
right here it's a lot taller than I
remember for an eighth stair it was low
it was kind of easy to get on to and I
bored slid it I bought it for the first
it was like my first rail that I could
feel my boardslide and I remember going
back like a couple weeks later and I in
my head I was like if I'm gonna get good
at rails I've got to be comfortable just
doing it I've got to jump on not being
scared and I was having a pretty good
day so far that day I was always scared
to death when I skate rails I skated
like up to like a sixteen stair and I
was just always terrified and what
especially when I was learning it was no
different
and I remember just I don't know if it
was the first try or not but I jumped up
there telling myself you can't be afraid
you have to do it
wasn't warmed up I was not ready but I
tried it anyway and I I would have
sacked okay but let's go over here let's
go to where to heaven I would have
sacked and in my head I thought I was
sacking but my foot like I guess I
landed like this I don't know what this
foot was doing but this foot was like
that and I just came down like boom and
I knew something was wrong immediately
like I fell down to the ground expecting
my gonads to be hurting but they weren't
and my friends thought I sac they came
running up like oh my gosh you okay and
I'm like yeah I think I mean I don't
think I hit anything so I tried to stand
up and then that's when it hit me I
remember I was just like immediately it
was just like the whole foot was like
ooh and I was like okay this isn't good
I must have twisted it
I must have crushed it a little bit I'm
gonna like sit out so I went up there
and just sat there for like 20 minutes
and I realized and that's what I kind of
like real so this is a little bit more
serious but even I was at like 16 and I
was like there's no way I broke broke
anything I mean this stuff happens all
the time and I feel like I would know
something I broke something so I go
about my day I finally like get home
after my friends are done skating this
is a couple hours later and I go to my
dad I'm like dad my foot sucks and he
was like we should go the hospital I'm
like no why would I go to the hospital
the mail whatever I spend my day like
icing it and doing whatever and then
about eight o'clock and it probably
happened about like 11:00 a.m. 8 o'clock
I'm like alright yeah this is not good
so I go to the hospital I get x-rays
done they're like you broke four of your
bones and your body like I fractured for
bones and one was completely separate
and so the doctor was like you got to
get him set you got to get it some pins
through the center of your bow and so
that'll grow back and the one doctor the
first doctor loads x-rays he was like he
wasn't even gonna let me he was gonna
put me in a walking cast and say it'll
heal and then another guy looked at it
like no this bone is like completely
like this it was like that and I'm glad
that guy looked at it because it
wouldn't I wouldn't have been able to
walk it have been the worst foot ever
and I got through it
I like started skating immediately when
I switched over to a walking cast like I
was like kickflipping for stairs like
with a big boot on my foot and my cuz my
right foot could still do my flip
trickery I was like skating gaps like I
should not have it all especially when I
got the pins removed then I started
skating like just with my friends as
much as I could with with my cast and
long walking cast on and it was I don't
know it's just like I love skateboarding
I wasn't gonna stop for anything nothing
was gonna stop me from skating I loved
it that
it I came back to the rail and I did so
many more tricks I did the boardslide
again I front fifty-fifty in it I lip
slit it I filled it my first feeble ever
was on this rail my friend coughed in
the middle of the footage if I think I
have that clip there's no skateboarding
sign I just realized this it's weird
because the cops totally tell you to
come skate here I mean you've been told
a million times right that's the story
of the first time I broke my bone it
wasn't raw that painful it was annoying
I had to like take time off for like
three months
I think the bigger tragedy because you
know I guess I learned something from
that experience but the bigger tragedy
is that these rails aren't here there's
one this way and one that way and it's
like kind of uphill and you didn't have
a lot of roll up but you made it happen
because that's if you want to skate
rails and since now you didn't have them
any options but some good stuff went
down
Chad's owner big spoon front boarded it
Joe Meehan back 50-50 it was really good
Scott's donor 501 one more thing is that
I one time kid I was playing pinball and
I kicked on accident with my head my
pins my feet and it dug it deeper into
my toes and I took a pair of like pliers
and had to pull it out a little bit out
of my girlfriend freaked out it was
awesome and then when I got him taken
out I first filmed it I don't have the
footage anymore unfortunately but the
doctor was like you're super casual
about this I was like now this is great
man of course I'm gonna film it you know
who wouldn't so alright skateboard time
acid drop time
there you guys go
that was a lot of my go-to tricks but I
had fun it's a great day and there's a
little story I am thankful that I did
haven't broken bones since then but it's
a reminder that uh you know be careful
out there whatever you're doing don't
let people tell you skateboarding is way
more dangerous anything else like you're
probably you're more likely to get in a
car and get hurt I would think like
statistically but be careful I don't
know what I'm trying to say life is
dangerous I didn't I couldn't worn like
a foot helmet now wouldn't it change
anything but yeah cool I love
skateboarding I'm gonna keep doing it no
matter how many feet I break and thank
you guys for watching if you want to see
more I do videos here all the time so
right below the video there's a
subscribe button you just click that and
you're send them to see more and that is
it I don't know what's coming tomorrow I
think like a vlogger so dove-like me
like getting a video game system
exciting it's it's a it's more exciting
than the sounds I promise you guys have
a good day yeah bring the car around I'm
talking to nothing
I know I'm good I've been doing this for
a while now
look I've been making YouTube videos but
that could night that last clip when I
started talking my foot and getting her
injured I had no idea what I was
starting to talk about and I was like
what am I going on about it was true
though I think I don't know I didn't lie
right it was ideas like right now I
don't know what I'm talking about
here's your bonus clip I'm gonna go to
my car and leave really all right
