what's up guys here's another setup
video and this is a little different
because I'm skating everything new it's
been a while since I've done this and
you're gonna get to watch me set my
board up and do a few tricks on it
alright so my deck is an 8 inch love
park revive deck we have just some grip
tape of course
here are some Pat Duffy Orion trucks
thank you very much Orion for those we
have a set of Spitfire wheels and I used
to skate these a lot during high school
but I haven't so I'm interested to find
out how these ride now I have ever
faithful Reds bearings we have some
classic Shorty's hardware and then I
have a brand-new pair of America shoes
which are amazing I love these things so
there guys go there's the info let's do
this and I'm totally watching Dallas and
Thomas skate while I put this together
a payout 50/50
and I just realized that I totally need
my old setup so I can get my shot pads
and I've been skating for like 10 years
boom vidi-vidi pro shove out yeah I like
that shock that's finally back to
putting my board together
got pretty there's look freaking
beautiful
oh are you gonna come out of that
nosegrind house can be tricky everyone
that's about to say hey you know that
has a ratchet on it yes I do
and I find this just as productive
trucks are successfully on my skateboard
crying hahaha Oh bang bang let me put
this on okay let me go like this you put
that tool thingy and it's tight no stop
boom feels good to have everything new
let's go see if I can land anything
sometimes it's hard with all new stuff I
don't know first thing is framing me
first thing is first kickflip test if I
land this is good luck for the board
feels good feels really good
is that like on a couch as I rolled away
from that Wow
you look like me today yeah thank you
for filming Dale spaur oh you walk away
shark all right here hit me this way I
don't know I don't even trust it yeah
cuz I'm gonna make you care thank you
guys for watching my videos if you want
to see more of this hit this button
right here it's free to subscribe to get
daily videos skateboarding skits pranks
and whatever randomness I come up with
its oh and I could get hit in the head
lock no one was surprised right there
welcome to the end the video where I'm
about to do something that you should
not do because one it's stupid to get
hurt well I do stuff all the time I get
hurt one it's stupid
you
