it was it was at a trick like was he
trouble you going for n roll I don't
know what happen either
but off to at five
what how where why when Carmen Sandiego
how did that happen is what I'm trying
to say here like he was lip sliding and
then he was falling he was like you know
at some point during that he was like I
think about a roll onto my head okay
clearly Eric Kinslow understand
something that we don't and I'm really
glad that he does because that was very
entertaining I mean literally he went
from like lips led to break dancing like
that and he pulled it off pretty suave
like I couldn't do that i'd have liked
my face smeared across the concrete but
that is their Kinslow and i have video
coming out next week i think with more
footage as we've been watch it because
he's he's very good on a skateboard and
he has such a raw style like I don't
know it you gotta see him skate because
it's like so unique I love the way he
skates so make sure you tune in to watch
more of him and I think he's gonna be
coming up to society more often he lives
down with Sam Tabor so uh hopefully we
see him because he's a cool dude and
it's fun to have him on my videos
actually review to fall last Friday and
I think I might just do like a fall
Friday thing so if you guys like the
idea with every friday i have a fall go
to other and give this video a thumbs up
and even if you don't want to go to give
it a thumbs up because eric Kinslow just
did a lip slide to breakdance but I'm
gonna go guys and make sure you watch
the after club because Sam Tabor through
wall dat mean I wasn't even looking i
was like aunt like praying mantis style
and I just like didn't look and I kicked
the wall away ba ba ba ba ba BBA BBA
foot watch it outro music take it away
thanks for watching my video guys I hope
your eyeballs enjoyed it if you want to
see more videos for me then boom hit
that right there that will subscribe you
to my channel you get more skateboarding
skids Frank's whatever random except
come up with really plus it's free to
subscribe to get daily videos from me
get on it guys golf club haha bowling
pin you're weird stuff like this
pretty good right yeah yeah yeah I need
to grow my beard back
you
