all right guys it's time k there's
something I just need to talk about and
get off my chest there's some footage
it's already here on my channel
somewhere but it's of me doing the
splits on my skateboard here is the
first clip alright not too bad mildly
entertaining you probably smiled a
little bit you know you're not gonna
ride an email to your mom about it
that's for sure though roll the second
one Oh battled a boy right there hands
down the best blitz I will ever do my
life I don't know why I decided to go
and like a walker texas ranger ran to
the end of it i just kind of I was like
you know what I'm doing splits and
sliding across the concrete on my gonads
it's weird like normally people aren't
like really psyched on doing the splits
on their skateboard but as bad as that
was it didn't really hurt and it came
out kind of funny and you know 12 years
later I'm heating sitting here talking
on the internet about it I did actually
on the backside flip too and it was
really really ugly but my friends talked
me into thinking it was good they're
like dude the way you stood on the
ground and touch your hand was like
Andrew Reynolds
no no who was it it was a sloppy
backside flip so Joe and Garrett I think
don't guys did you need to apologize to
me sorry about the quality of the
footage I know this was I translated
through Moore's code not that that made
sense but it's off an old VHS and got on
my computer now it's not the YouTube
there's just so many steps to the puzzle
that you just saw but I hope you guys
dug this video hit the subscribe button
for daily videos and do them all the
time and on a random completely random
note I'm gonna leave you with the first
caveman boresight through bush goodbye
be the first person ever to caveman
board side through bush
had for like ten years it also doubles
as a trampoline wow I stepped on my foot
not this one that one
you
