two things okay yeah I have a goatee
right now because I was testing out to
Hunter costume halloween second i'm
gonna try to 540 flip this I'm gonna
warm up with some normal tricks person
imma try it and hopefully I don't fail
hit me jump like I'm from the 70s I was
like a real trick back that if you would
like to is you see that dude this is it
hit a jump you learned i'm a good
congratulations man that's a good such a
tricky out of dude that was how you do
that right there I'm happy happy happy
that's there's no nose okay look at this
what do I got to land on nothing boom
shakalaka freaking Nestle Quik mix it
powder in the middle can you got
something better by 40 full-time this is
gonna be tough because I can't control
this thing Oh son of his face Justin oh
I stuck it with two feet kinda then
we're touching the ground but still this
is progress technically we have it
Justin now we just got to clean it up
yep all right guess what I didn't land
it and I got to go street skate to put
my part so I'm not gonna do it today but
this is an iou video meaning I have to
come back and land for you guys so give
it a thumbs up tell me that I'm an idiot
and I got landed Alice you got to say
this video do a fakie big Casper we r
alpha flip or whatever they're called
ah cleaned it up man haha I'm not gonna
try it anymore I'm just gonna do a
regular Thank You foot thank you thank
you thank you something Ricky Casper
haha yes I do it we're all taking the
easy way out yeah I didn't have to lay
it anything let's go skate yeah for real
thank you guys for watching my videos if
you want to see more of this heat this
button right here it's free to subscribe
to get daily videos skateboarding skits
pranks and whatever random is I come up
with its oh and I can get hit in the
head lock no one will surprise right
there
all right on a scale from one to ten do
you think my goatee look stupid yes or
no I said on a scale from one to ten on
a scale of one to rat 1 to 10 yes or no
11 no no take it friggin feed this dude
you were high five you did something
today high five
you
