what's up guys so I'm walking to nature
you know it's going to be one of those
type of videos where I like just pour my
heart out to the world I don't really
feel like a traditional person I am I
feel different in so many ways and when
it comes to goals and like life dreams
which is what this video is about I feel
crazy sometimes you know I just feel
like when I tell people what I want to
do with my life I'm like yeah you think
I'm insane right now and if you've seen
these deputies before you know what I'm
talking about i want to change the world
you know like that yeah like when I was
growing up I used to watch superhero
movies and I was like I want to save the
world someday and granted okay there's
no supervillain so I can't really go and
save the day per se so when I got older
that kind of change does something
different and I just wanted to have a
positive effect in the world okay I
wanted to go out there and do something
that mattered like what I'm gone I want
people to be like you know what Andy did
it was worth something like we care to
think about that still because when it
comes to some crazy monumental things in
the world it wasn't done by people that
just played it safe you know like Martin
Luther King he wasn't like you know what
I'm just gonna be mellow all right we're
not worried about you know racial
freedom in this country is not too big
of a deal no he didn't he got up and
stood up and said something and they
were like a lot of people were like well
yeah that's great and all but there's
just too much racial tension in this
country people will not accept it but he
helps do it along with some other
awesome brave souls out there like you
know like the world's come a long way
since what America used to be and that's
just an example like there are plenty of
people that have done great things that
you people still talk about in schools
and online and in internet memes
whatever you know but I'm saying like
there are people out there that did
things and people thought they were
crazy you know like nothing is going to
happen if people don't take a risk and
dream crazy dreams if you don't have
those dreams and you don't try to do
things nothing is ever going to happen
so I kind of want to make this video to
say if you have an idea or you want to
do something with your life even if it's
super far-fetched do not care what
people think okay if that's what means
something to you and that's what you
want to do let them think you're crazy
get out there and do it like I make
active steps to reach this crazy thing
that you probably think is impossible
and if it isn't possible you don't do it
so what you tried you know and the
people that are there hating on you
you're gonna play it safe their whole
life and you know get to live in him
like man I'm glad I worked a normal job
with normal things happening in my life
but the people that try to do something
different there life even if they fail
they're going to look back and be like
man that was an adventure at least I
tried to do that you know there's a
moment of my life
or I was just living outside the normal
and it was fresh and exciting and I was
honest to myself so that's my two cents
whatever it is starting a company being
president Payne actor whatever it is
like don't let go of that no matter what
situation you're in okay go watch a
bunch of inspirational movies that are
based on true stories and you'll see
that if you really want something you
can do it you can absolutely do it maybe
not fly through the sky yet but I'm
serious like nothing is stopping you
people will hate on you and doubt you
your whole life and let them do it okay
don't even care about it all right take
me for example I'm gonna change the
world okay right now I'm gonna do it one
YouTube video at a time I'm gonna do it
one book at a time okay I'm gonna do it
one company at a time but I'm not gonna
stop I'm going to eternally move forward
this is just the beginning of what I'm
doing okay so stay tuned watch what I do
and let me be an example for you because
I'm not going to give up and if I get to
the end and I failed I'm still going to
making videos like this and I'll say hey
guys at least I tried boom put that in
your Easter basket crew loose so there
you go you go down and give this video a
thumbs up if you feel me on this share
it to someone who you think needs to
hear this and I'm going to go back to
what I normally do here in a second but
stay tuned for more videos i do daily
videos to subscribe and I don't know I
usually throw the camera in these
already did last time so I'm gonna do it
this time is gonna be a big one oh that
was a good one he'd us
oh hey what's up guys you're then to the
video to ya to be honest just to be
upfront with you I had like mustard on
my pants the whole time and I would give
you a better shot of this but it's on my
crotch and then my crotch should be on
YouTube and it would be like uneasy and
be like as the dudes crotch on freakin
YouTube that's right I can go from
motivational talks to mustard on my
crotch in a split second
you
