huh this is adorable you dad's a little
mummy saltshaker you know it's not
adorable is the 720 shove it and the 720
double flip that Josh just did my gosh
that was a manly those worse manly
tricks along with the other craziness
they did if you guys are already
described to Josh you've seen this stuff
but if you're not you just saw a lot of
great skateboarding I wanted this video
i did a video with Josh a couple weeks
ago and I wanted to show you the rest of
the footage that he sent me obviously it
was worth it because you just saw the
tricks that he did um so if you're not
some trouble josh check it out right
down there he does his progress so much
since I started watching him and he's on
my team revive skateboards and I'm he's
a friend he's all of that stuff and I
back him one percent so check out his
channel right down there and then I of
course do daily videos on my channel
right here so subscribe to me if you're
not already and but definitely the most
important thing go boom watch Josh look
at this cat I'm really gonna feed you
now bagel okay let's get food bagel you
eat like a crazy cat
you
