youtubes what's up guys here is a how-to
video and today I'm going to teach you
how to backside flip the thing is when
you can't do a backside flip you're just
kinda like a normal person you don't
want to be that because the first time
you land one boom you might be wearing
this because you're super here now
that's actually not true I just wanted
an excuse to wear this goofy mask but
I'm really gonna teach you how to
backside flip right now okay so backside
flips this is a combination of the
backside way D and a kickflip done all
at the same time this is technically a
basic flip trick but it's not the
easiest to get a hold of but once you do
you're going to love this trick this
trick can be great for learning how to
kickflip into certain grinds and slides
and also you may just get crazy one day
and add an extra flip in there I don't
know oh and here's six random dudes next
to 100 tacos bet you didn't see that
coming let's learn that a backside flip
alright so like I said the backside flip
is a combination of a kickflip at a
backside 180 you know you're gonna do it
you get to make it 180 and it's gonna
kick up all the same time while you
spend your body 180 first thing is first
is foot placement okay when you start
learning this I would just put it
wherever you put the kickflip if you got
to change anything about it I would move
it like outward a little bit on your
tail I'm goofy footed so I'd move it
this way because you're gonna do a
little swing with it so you get the
board going 180 but whatever you're
comfortable the kickflip start with that
and then if it's not really spinning all
the way around move it outward so you
can get more of a bump when you spin it
but the front foot I put in kick foot
position I put it like about here with
toes about halfway across the board and
a little bit angled okay so when I start
the trick I'm gonna pop my ollie and
slide my foot up and shove the board
this way all at the same time okay but
really the magic when you do this trick
is in your shoulders you're going to
want to just twist your shoulders as you
do a 180 all of this the same time it
sounds confusing but if you can do a
back 180 and kickflip you know this is
all going to make sense to you so just
to reiterate you're gonna pop your
Ollie's slide your foot up and spin it
and start spinning your shoulders okay
when you get about 45 degrees I would do
the kickflip and that's going to send
the board you know doing its thing and
it's probably not going to flip all the
way to the 180 you're going to catch it
almost half way maybe a little bit more
and then spin the board around 180 and
you're going to roll away now my big
pointers when doing this trick is I
would start the kickflip a little later
okay because you're not going to just
pop do a kickflip and then the board is
going to start spinning
I gotta get the board going before you
really start to worry about the kickflip
so you like I said 45-degree angle
that's going to get it flipping and then
you're going to catch it
not quite 180 but you're going to spin
it the rest of the way a lot of people
kind of do the kickflip and then like
when they hit the ground they spin the
trucks I personally don't do it that way
I like the trick to completely rotate
and if it slides a little bit on the
ground it's not a big deal but I mean I
would try to catch it in the air and
then spin it rather than just hit the
ground and spin it on the ground that's
just my two cents though some problems
with this trick I feel like is a lot of
people view it as like a varial flip
with spinning your body it's not okay
it's a kickflip with a 180 think about
it that way because if you go like this
your body not going to work for anybody
okay there's going to people be riding
on the road like you're doing it wrong
brah so if you have problems where
you're not doing the spin the same way
the board is make sure you do the
kickflip after you start spinning okay
if you do it that way it's going to
relatively do the right motion as you
spin your body another problem is that
you're starting the trick right but the
board kind of just like gets carried
away halfway through and keep spinning
further than you do so if this is
happening to you I suggest swinging your
back shoulder faster and harder okay
because if you give it a good mmm and
you tried the trick properly it's going
to go 180 okay and when you spin your
back shorter harder it's going to bring
your leg with you so you're not going to
kind of land like with your back foot so
that's my best suggestion and of course
you have to jump any flip trick you're
trying on skateboarding jump in the air
so that's the basics of how to do a
backside flip but just to reiterate
start with your foot feet and kick foot
position and if you can do anything to
it just move a little outward to get a
better swing with your feet but remember
this trick is 75% in your shoulders when
you're trying this trick throw your
shoulders 180 and if you're doing the
trick properly the board should follow
and be right under you it's a little
tricky and it's kind of scary because if
you're trying down a gap or something
you can't necessarily see where you're
going but with a lot of practice
this is a really awesome trick and it's
one of my favorite it's like to this day
when I see pros doing it they can do it
down to five stare and I love watching
it and if you're still having trouble
with this you remember it I can't uh be
telling you how to do tricks all day but
the thing that's really going to help
you is getting out there and trying it
if you can't skate and you still want to
learn that study skate videos watch a
lot of slow-motion and just look how
their feet are and you kind of get a
mental like idea of how to do the trick
before you've even tried it
so remember try try try subscribe or
what's what is it um it's dying
Dallas it's dying but you don't really
got a die okay you don't got dad don't
die but but but thank you for watching
my video guys I hope you guys enjoyed it
if you want to see more then hit this
right here you're gonna get more
skateboarding skits pranks whatever
randomness I come up with it's free so
click it subscribe or die
you're getting crap like this too I get
caked on a regular basis oh that was a
chocolate one subscribe for more stuff
like this dirt
I'd hurt dude like jarred my brain did
did it look bad that was like way harder
than I usually myself in the head um
take a look for so now she was no I'm
saying it hurt
you
