Oh what would happen what was that it
was the best clip ever all right so yeah
that happened that totally happened I
have no idea was entering Casey's brain
when he did that but I'm really glad it
did actually that is a lie completely
take that back i think he was trying to
say that he did a three flip rock and
roll instead of doing the three-foot
fakie he just so happened to say that in
as he was like flying down the bank
backwards it's really times like these
that are when I'm out filling I'm just
like I love what I do like I just
absolutely love doing it because
something this happens all the time on
around us and is fantastic like when I
film a clip like that I'm like just as
excited as when someone lands a trick
I'm like dude now you got to land it I'm
gonna be twice as happy and it just so
happens that Casey did land the three
flip
which isn't hard for him at all he can
do like a thousand tricks on the bank
the guy is so talented this happened we
were filming for we are events 39 and he
was actually filming with us recently
and he took one of the hardest slams
I've ever seen in real life like he just
like he hit a rail and he just launched
like onto his face basically and he just
got up he was angry but he just got up
and then landed it like next try I was
like that's that's how you handle things
so definitely check out Casey we want to
there'll be a link to his channel right
down below and at the end of this video
I'll link a video that he's in it on my
channel so check it out for sure Casey
Bechtler thank you for landing tricks
and being hilarious at the same time but
that about wraps up this video guys hope
you guys enjoyed it make sure you
subscribe to my channel because I do
daily videos just like this so I'll see
you guys the future the chair subscribe
or die give me right in the eye ball I
could arrive that subscribe or dive
right in the eye boom I might just fly
into a kite and then I'll not rhyme stop
done
but I'm about done here this video guys
hope you guys got a chuckle out of it
like I did a chuckle who says chuckle
really come on Andy that is hard that
did not feel good at all you don't do
again yeah didn't hurt that time anal
and I will see you in the few to the
sure didn't hit me in the head I'm a
failure I have a failure yes I am I am a
failure give me ham just kidding i want
turkey now because that's the sandwich i
eat
