you guys are skating however you want to
go into but you're like this we're like
dude I just I'm sure you can kickflip
over it it's not that big of a thing and
then I want to come flying down I'm
gonna land because you just messed me up
trying to flip on my board and I'm gonna
whoop it up is wrong with you actually
just take this and leave you know I mean
that way
oh my gosh you just messed up Oh
you guys have done this acting thing
once or twice huh boy
I shouldn't pretend like I'm good at
skateboarding kickflip you're pretty
good
videos it's like straight up palak
product late with John Monnett hook me
up buddy we're gonna do a little fun
advertiser you see how strong these lik
quarters are yeah it made everything not
only do they hold your pants up they
hold your skate spot up no it goes like
livin la vida loca like that okay stop
first one is it good it is mark on it
but I was smoked on that I wasn't sure
if you were actually rolling away or not
because I was just like what did you do
to my construction site I can't be that
bad hey friend hey oh yeah
Wow when we first got here I didn't see
where they were we were gonna if someone
that didn't skateboard saw you doing
that they'd be like oh there's the crazy
guy yeah they're like me that's so cool
that they let him come with them he's
hit by the asylum oh no so on
do something else I was also trying to
push fake push slow take a picture
YouTube what is up guys so you just saw
some bonus clips that I had left over
from the reason we want revenge I had so
much that I split them up onto my
channel and onto alex buting's channel
so watch out for more there but if you
haven't seen the episode you're gonna
want to watch it all this the flippy
stuff that in the crazy maneuvers stunts
that William was doing are all there and
he landed them and it's insane so I'll
put a link at the end of this video
please go check it out it is such a good
and fun episode I think you guys like it
and my cat think so too good Kent do you
want to eat my hand gonna eat my hand
yes you do yes kind of so yeah that's it
I hope you guys have a great day
I have a cool little documentary style
video coming up tomorrow about the first
time that I broke my bone but in the
meantime watch that we are revenge super
fun that's it I'm gonna drink this
coffee told you I'm 100% not a liar
right there and I don't know what I'm
talking about so leave go watch that
video okay say bye how dare I Boop you
right
