Brar names yes what do you got here
skateboard from Tim May yeah dude Tim
May randomly set us a package with a
little piece of like revived art and
this deck right here he made it himself
out of a used board and what are we
gonna do others say thank you Tim a what
we're gonna do we're gonna skate it yeah
it supposed to be a cruiser but we're
gonna do tricks or intro like we're six
years old I feel like we're mooching
Alex's videos right here but uh it's our
time to shine on a mini board Oh
you got it Oh Tim Dana made a tough
board skateboard on buddy I think it
just assumed you'd be good enough to do
it
oh that's oh you did a trick Ryan how do
you feel terrible if you can't land a
three flip I'm going to owe his first
try almost first try
cuisine you remember King cuisine weird
we're sort of the campfire with like
cleanseth or anything oh I'm taking that
I touched the box I don't care that was
hard
dude Alex buting's a monster Thank You
Timmy thank you for this I'm going to be
giving you some extra goodies you're
gonna get some extra revived goodies and
you'll be like wow I wasn't expecting
this Ben you can watch this video be
like I was expecting this thank you for
watching my video guys I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you want to see more then
hit this right here you're gonna get
more skateboarding skits pranks whatever
randomness I come up with it's free so
click it subscribe or die
you're getting crap like this too I get
caked on a regular basis that was a
chocolate one subscribe for more stuff
like this boom dirt
just like walking babe what do you say
Tim I say thank you thank you oh go home
Brian go home
Go Go go home
I was really hoping he would fall I
don't wish harm upon oh man I just be a
good enter to the video just leave the
board
maybe I should fall
you
