so good
so the skateboarder there was Devon
Abner and he's one of my Cincinnati
brothers he shreds he's a professional
for instrument skateboards and a man if
you guys need if you guys have heard of
the kinship video need to go watch it
because this part in it is is is is is
you'll just stutter and say is a bunch
of times but I'm really glad to show you
some of this classic footage of him he's
been killing us since day one and he's
just really awesome dude but the guy who
actually filmed all of these tricks and
put it together is Kevin Hackett he's
also one of my Cincinnati brothers just
like a Cincinnati video and he has a
YouTube channel here on YouTube go
figure and it's really good he puts the
stuff like that and he's starting his
own company and he's like really
motivated it's awesome see people like
that so I wanted to share this footage
and say one research Devon abner cuz he
shreds but definitely check out Kevin's
channel it'll be right here boom click
that and then they'll be a link right
down there you guys you guys need to be
in on the in and I don't know he has a
lot of footage so he might send me some
more someday watch out for it here I
have daily videos subscribe to that up
there for that but mainly Kevin go watch
Kevin's oh my gosh then i'm gonna i'm
going to enter a big sunglass mode and
then I'm gonna walk backwards no I'm
doing I'm just gonna talk it ran on oh
hey a tape measure
you
