plus it's free so dude watch that though
oh I'm getting you hey but sucked you
know this is dramatic lighting you may
think I look cool but I actually can't
see because there's a bright light in
front of my face that's really annoying
surprise we can't find this gate spot
we're to skate I've got a headache like
I about died kill people at the same
time see that did holy did my accent is
really coming out your sand like a
southern Russian cog I I'm not in
sunroom
it still didn't get in
so wow that's pretty good dude oh you
got it done though all right that's what
we called ninja prancing skateboarding
fancy kitchen not scary at all haha no
slot I messed that up super big super
big wowzers no reach bottom who had
noise Brian that was a who but to die
chopped off your head the whole time but
we did
never screw slides camera slided Wow oh
how was it this is Dallas's first 50
it's going down today guess one of these
yeah good job house
do you guys kind of feel like we're
transformers like we got three cars I
didn't know that was the theme song
Thomas say it again transformers Robots
in Disguise I was like exactly how you
said it the first time
