you - what is up guys - bad news okay I
busted my face over the other day and it
may look fine but it's not Oh check out
my nose Yeah right
half of you guys are sick to your
stomach and horrified right now and the
other half understand what I just did so
if you want to find out what I did wait
till the end of the video boom boom boom
but it is I don't know why I clap right
there put in this update video time guys
and yeah I know I'm always like my life
is busy blah blah blah I'm just gonna
give you a little insight on just how my
daily schedule goes I've been working
about 80 hours a week lately with making
videos I'm trying to get a head of
videos so I have some like backup videos
for the winter in case I can't go out
and skate and I have revive and revive
I'll get to revive but we have so much
stuff going on it's just ridiculous so
I'm working myself to death I mean I
probably have a tomb soon somewhere near
me I'm like I'm not and I'm sleeping on
average about five hours a night like
sometimes I get four sometimes I'm lucky
and I get six but like I'm really not
getting a lot of sleep strangely you
know I'm running every day I'm like
starting my day by running two miles
sometimes three and I feel great even
with little sleep I just wake up and
start moving I grab a Red Bull they did
not pay me to say that I've been skating
a lot too and I feel really great so I
don't know and like maybe all of my life
sleep has been overrated or something
but I'm really productive and I'm happy
about it I'm just really busy and I
think I might be going crazy I'm I need
to sleep more not kidding but uh no I
really I'm working myself to death but I
still have family time and I feel great
because the exercise so I'm happy life
is awesome but once in a while I do take
a break from work and recently I've
watched a couple movies i watch The
Great Gatsby which oh my gosh that was
good Leonardo DiCaprio alone did like a
crazy job on it I mean he always does
he's like a t-rex you know he's gonna
move and you're like this is gonna be
good just because there's a freakin
t-rex early on are DiCaprio in it put
aside from him crushing as an actor it
was just a really cool love story and I
don't - you're into that but if you
watch it you're like it's tugging at
your heartstrings you really yeah and
then there's like it has a really cool
visual vibe to it - so check it out
if you want to don't know do grab a
girlfriend and sit back and watch it or
wife or whatever your boyfriend or
whatever you got
I also rewatched insidious because I
want to go see insidious - I'm hearing
mixed reviews simply were saying second
one's better some people are saying that
sucks so I don't know I'm gonna watch it
I like any paranormal ghost story like
like parallel
activities I'm like except for the last
one the first three parental activities
Rock some socks okay there's like a sock
store somewhere and they don't have any
socks because apparently tivity one two
or three came out and i also finished
dexter recently and you know after the
fourth season it just wasn't the same
the way they ended it i was like come on
guys
I won't say anything in case you guys
actually watch it but it's sad when one
of your favorite shows coming since it
comes to an end you know now a lot of
shows are coming to an end now and I'm
like trying to find like what's the next
thing come on guys I want to I want to
have an epic show someone show me an
awesome show but we all know the real
reason this year exists is because of
the Hobbit - coming at the end of the
year it's kind of punch me in the
everything it's gonna everything punch
me that's what it's called when the
movies good everything punch but the
information you really want to hear
about is revive revive is about to
conquer the world I swear like so much
stuff is happening to revive right now
it's insane
first off I'm sorry you know I know
we're always out of stock and that's
kind of an awesome problem because like
it just means that we get stuff in and
too many people wanted but you know we
just we just relaunched the company this
year so it's kind of hard to work
yourself back up to having large
quantities because it takes a while to
gain the money to get all this stuff in
but we're really working on keeping
things in stock we are about to get 400
t-shirts we're about to get 150 more
hoodies we're about to get a thousand
more skateboards and before that
thousand comes in there being a 300 that
should be in here with it like a week or
two so stay tuned for all this stuff
really exciting times oh I almost forgot
we're getting beanies and wheels so all
this stuff is happening stay tuned and
hopefully here on out you know like the
holidays are gonna be pretty busy for us
but I imagine the beginning of next year
like we're gonna get stuff rolling to
the always have stuff in stock so bear
with us we're almost at that point we're
really really close we're getting a lot
of product in so this should get us
rolling a lot better than we have been
so that's really exciting I just want to
say thank you guys once again for the
incredible support it's it's crazy like
my gosh I can't believe that I have a
company this is this successful like I
never thought it was gonna be like this
so thank you guys and I cannot wait to
get this video done to give you guys
something to watch speaking of the video
though I'm aiming to have it out by the
end of the year I'm where our deadline
for filming is the end of November so
hopefully it like I can put it together
and just get it out it might take a
little longer just because like we're
going to get the B DVDs burns and all
the stuff put together and
I don't know how to handle digital
releases but that's all gonna happen
it's gonna be available on DVD and on
iTunes so be psyched I'm kind of
stressed for this video because like
we've been working so hard on YouTube
videos we never gave this video a big
chance to like be what it can be so uh
I'm excited to get this one out but I'm
really excited about the next one we're
gonna immediately start working on our
second full-length video after this one
and I hope to have that out in 2015 so
it'll be like this will happen and then
two years later another one will happen
and I've got plans for it so computer
screen what really it wasn't like that
board but I'm gonna get a teaser for the
current full-length video up within a
few weeks so watch out for that and
you'll watch it watch out for that you
watch it you're great at speaking words
stupid computer that's off and when it
comes to filming I'm actually headed to
Philly for the third time this year on
the 17th now in the 18 19 the 20th I'll
be in Philly and I'm be feeling hard for
the video I believe Josh she's gonna
meet us up there at least I hope he is
and Doug just tells actually might come
out so it'll be really cool if you see
us say what's up and it's gonna be
mainly just filming for the video so
there probably won't be a lot don't
might be some like scrap footage from it
but the real stuff is gonna go to the
video but either way I'm gonna be in
Philly I'm gonna cheesesteaks I'm gonna
say what's up to the Fresh Prince even
though I've never done that and he
doesn't live there anymore also uh you
know this last month you guys probably
know that I was selling signed copies of
my book and they were really fast so if
you guys should let me know if you want
me to do that it's it's kind of hard for
me because it just adds more work that's
why I don't do it consistently like I
sell these myself I bring the books in
and I sign them and everything and then
I sell them on a different store so uh
but if you want a chance to get a signed
copy of my book go down there and give
this video with no go down there and say
like Andy yeah I want to sign copy your
book freakin get more in but if you just
want a copy no care you know get it Andy
Stratcom that's there and I'm going to
hopefully be releasing another book next
year so be excited for that or do I
always say be excited that you know what
just be just be whatever about that for
once okay just be however you want to
feel I'm done
don't telling you guys how to feel with
that about wraps it up guys I gotta film
another video after this and then I've
got to go run to the park and then I
gotta get my little dude and spend some
time with him which I'm excited about
videos to come um I have a revived
randomness tomorrow I do believe and
then I got a slam montage coming up I'm
gonna do some how-to videos and then
I don't know this is the same stuff I
always do so watch out for guys and for
all you people who want to know how I
did that with my nose okay here's a
little secret you could freak everybody
out with this right look put your
fingers right here and then you put your
purse eat my hands when you do it with
your hand oversight you know you can do
that if people freak out do two girls
girls all time girls all day ha
subscribe or die
let's be friends
Yeah right let's go to the mall and hang
out what this is 2013 let's go to
Facebook no we're friends not online
friends what is this about no no I have
I have issues yes I do ha hey he's a
finale to daxter - to daxter what are
you doing idiot this is just ridiculous
it's a nun nay he's right with Leo
DiCaprio and can't watch him maybe with
Leonardo DiCaprio you watch a movie of
Leo DiCaprio he's in it oh it's not true
I mean that seriously not sure you could
watch a movie with Leonardo Caprio I
just personally haven't done it myself
in a few in the few breaks of in the few
breaks from work I've watched a few when
I do take a break from work I have I
don't
