good this is bri stupid face that's a
pretty dumb face but that was footage of
me giving a wheelie grind on a handrail
and it's kind of I mean I know this is
called like stupidest hand or club ever
it's kind of dumb okay you know if
you're gonna really grind a handrail it
should be more than a five-setter that's
like the death like Han drill is
literally like just like a bump me high
it's ridiculous but stupid or not I had
fun doing it and that's what matters um
so hope you guys dug this clip I had
this footage I was like I don't think
this is on my channel and people need to
see me do a wheelie grind down hander
which by the way is like the stupidest
name for a trick ever Willie really one
of the Billy slide Ted flip I'm sure it
has meaning I'm sure someone knows on
the internet and I'm sure someone's
gonna tell me what about talking about
the trick this is actually a shred cast
reminder video and yeah struik asses of
skateboarding podcast we do every other
Thursday it's a five o'clock pacific
standard time at shred casscom it's
myself black ninja bass with Doug just
tells and josh katz i always count on my
fingers when i do this um but yeah we
talk about all things skateboarding and
whatever random stuff that pops up so
tune in for guys there'll be a live chat
you can ask questions all stuff and if
you miss it it will be on our YouTube
channel somewhere sometime in the near
future so hope you guys dug this video
tune in to shred cast and I'm gonna eat
this out this is my dinner it looks
really stupid in the camera
Josh best
