sure he'll want me on film cuz I'm super
all right that was just as lone occur
he's gonna do some skateboard tricks
he's my old pal known him forever and
I'm haven't skated with him in a while
but he's still shredd so you're gonna
watch your shot yeah cheese all right
it's got Leigh power bomb ah we count
that high five before I'm gone ha ha ha
what cake for Ziggy first try everything
all day it's ridiculous Oh cygwin yeah
dude from The Lion King look uh cygwin
yeah almost live into the trick yeah you
got oh my gosh dude
drive by high five yes who knows who
knows girl in 184 jams was cute it was
cute would be cute you're wrapped up
dude you got to do the commentary you're
wrapping the video we're gonna wrap it
up I know we good Thomas Thomas
assessment entertaining I was pretty
cool that was pretty cool man you got a
son coming out of your head thank you
guys for watching my videos if you want
to see more of this heat this button
right here it's free to subscribe you
get daily videos skateboarding skits
pranks and whatever randomness I come up
with its oh and i can't get hit me in
the head lock no one was surprised right
there
my shoes are like one of the things
called ice ice skates watch this elegant
is a swan
you
