you too what's up guys so in this video
I'm gonna talk about some skateboarding
tricks that I talked about in my book
yesterday raced I wrote this book it's
highly based on my life 95% of it is
exactly how my life went down or based
on actual events so I won doing videos
showing you the tricks that were talked
about in this book these tricks have
been on my channel before but now you
can actually see them be like oh wow
for those of you who read the book if
you haven't read the book there'll be
links right down there on how to get a
copy or you just go to Andy sure are
calm and simple as that but
skateboarding tricks let's do this in
chapter 4 I kickflip that's in that as
well so there it was that wasn't the
first of my kickflip to the first time
wasn't on film but yeah I can't flip
this wall probably over a thousand times
this was like what I did when I was
growing up I love this spot this is like
my home on my local strip where I grew
up and I still skated sometimes today
I've probably done about like 20
different tricks on it though like I've
skated that thing to death in Chapter
six to talk about border sliding a
handrail at shape some believe we caught
that's what's called real life at least
well I don't have a clip of the board
slide but I have a horribly filmed clip
of a feeble and a attempt on a kree
grind
20 fact that was actually the very first
people I ever landed like I didn't even
try it on a flap or whatever I was like
I'm gonna try it on the sander and I did
it and it was really ugly on my part and
my friend like coughed during it you can
even hear him say whoops but there you
go that is the shapes handrail
unfortunately that's been taken out it's
not there anymore or else I'd probably
go try to do some stupid trick on it
that I shouldn't try because it's a
really awkward roll-up in chapter 10 I
talked about doing a few tricks on a
double set well that double set was
actually in Riverside California where
in real life my mom lived and it was
Christmas Day and I was wearing all red
easily one of my favorite days of
skateboarding that was so fun because I
just felt my flip tricks that day and I
never done anything down a double set
and I did just boomed out those tricks
so really I was really pumped on that
footage when it happened in Chapter 11 I
get injured doing a boardslide on an
eight stair and I totally have footage
of me landing the board on that eight
stair
so there it is and that was completely
accurate how it all went down the book
and that was like my favorite rail and
skateboarding history I did so many more
tricks on that afterwards and
unfortunately got taken out
rest in peace eight stair rail at NKU in
Chapter 13 I'm kind of like all
emotional at night and I'm like man
screw this I'm gonna go buy myself an
ollie a gap in the middle of the night
well that gap was completely based on a
real trick it didn't actually go that
way but here's the ollie
yeah in real life I just took that gap
to kind of mesh it with what was going
on with the story at the time but in
real life I just kind of had said hey
friends come fill me doing this gap and
I didn't like third try which is strange
for me because I was I've always been
really bad at taking impact and rolling
away like I usually have to try things
like a hundred times before I roll away
but third time's the charm I was like I
can't let's go home have myself some
soda for celebratin and I feel like the
big skate scene is in chapter 16 where I
go down to Atlanta and find a twelve
staring a sixteen stairwell a lot of you
guys who've read the book probably
thought about it like I wonder if he's
talking about Hollywood high because
Hollywood High is a 12 and a 16 yes I
was talking about Hollywood high I just
it was a quick weekend trip in the book
and I didn't want to say like we flew to
California you know like I don't want to
explain the stories so I just had this
drive down to Atlanta for the weekend
and I did a few tricks on the 12 stair
and then I board sold a 16 seer this
video guys I know if you've watched my
channel for a while you've seen this
footage but I've had a few requests for
and I wish those would be kind of fun to
do this video so I'm gonna go like I
said if you want to read my book and
haven't there's information right down
there and the info how to get it or you
can just go to Andy shrew calm it's if
you're international you can get it on
in your Amazon if you're here in the
States again - Andy Stratcom because
it's sports to me better than if you buy
it on Amazon so and for those of you who
have read the book you know help spread
the word and whatnot I just want to say
thank you again I so get things on all
my social medias about it and I just
want to thank you you guys Rock I love
you and maybe wanted to dinner sometime
I don't know maybe lunch who knows walk
in the park I could list them forever
without further ado I'm there's some
bloopers after this and I'm out I'm
gonna this is called the the
self-destructive exit goodbye
alright I'm gonna be honest I had
pillows I had pillows so I can land on
them but I didn't land on them
I freaking miss somehow I'm alright
goodbye thank you for watching my video
guys I hope you guys enjoyed it if you
want to see more then hit this right
here your
or skateboarding skits pranks whatever
randomness I come up with it's free so
click it subscribe or die
you're getting crap like this too I get
caked on a regular basis
yeah that was a chocolate one subscribe
for more stuff like this dirt
I have an injury out on eight surfboards
like I get injured can you speak talk
words to me snake sound did you have me
board aside that rail it's not the funny
looking at flatly format you sitting
down YouTube just staying at me it's not
cool man
cool leave about the tricks that were in
my um in fact I don't even have a so I
have no idea what I'm talking about now
after years do you think that I I'd have
a different way of dealing with not
talking correctly words I haven't done
one of these in a while I'm just gonna
talk about some my plays a little up I
didn't know that meant and that noise
was happening it was just a coincidence
but uh yeah well I don't have a book
what schmuck the pseudo through a sound
like an Indian Michael Jackson you know
what a lot of you look what are your
races like just because you talk about
racism in your racist does anyone have
any one ever process that in their brain
like on Caucasian oh my gosh I'm racist
against me what what kind of argument is
this I want mayonnaise on my sandwich I
don't know
