telegram how are we doing today I'm
doing good this here as you guys know I
just said his name is Dylan Graham he
has a YouTube channel here on YouTube
and I came all the way from Missouri and
he's gonna skateboard I think he's got a
Willie nollie flip I hope dude I saw you
do it you have it I'm gonna I'm gonna
film it with my camera what do you say
about that
nothing nothing yeah I do I have lots to
say about that was it
first go technically you could have
stayed on that instead on your board oh
my gosh I thought that was it those are
always good because you can go home
you're like well at least I landed it
I'll put my feet on it yeah oh my
frickin Galaga you just need to roll
away every element of this is here okay
yeah pre-emptive rock this is my serious
about to get landed face except I'm not
about to land strict illness
oh I'll take it really keep going go
nollie flip thank you guys for watching
my videos if you want to see more of
this hit this button right here it's
free to subscribe you get daily videos
skateboarding skits pranks and whatever
randomness I come up with it's oh and I
get hit in the head lock no one looks
surprised right there
I do is that what sir dealin gram you
guys already know him because you just
watching doing Willie nollie flip um if
you want to subscribe to his channel
it'll be here on the screen in two
seconds you're gonna click it'll say
check out Dillon's channel or maybe like
I'm gonna check out Dillon's check yeah
just like you ignore that space he's on
the street no no sorry is it to my shin
what you know what I'll you just steal
YouTube video Thomas huh say good bye
good bye
you
