YouTube what is up guys a little bonus
video this week what you're about to see
was meant for the last week's where else
Wednesday with Sam vessel he finished
skating he did a lot of tricks in 15
minutes successfully and then he wanted
to eat 12 mini cupcakes for an extra $50
this may seem easy to you it's not
especially after you're like thirsty and
exhausted from skateboarding because we
didn't let him drink too much water but
it's entertaining on the less so here
watch Sam vessel try to eat 12 mini
cupcakes for 50 bucks all those you get
50 bucks 50 bucks because I paid for all
the stuff myself so the company will get
em on Teddy and I were to get like a
drink of water
ya know that's always that is another
thing no police report let's do like
halfway point okay that's fine big 12
mini white white mini complete that's
dude there's no way I think you're
everyone's overestimating this one
appraiser under estimating 12 bytes
don't you know what I don't know that's
you know I we were turned this with you
you don't have one okay there are they
are tiny
a mouth is so dry he called us to a
sword that's three all right are you
starting to think 12 is crazy
thank you thank you after skating that
much and like diner sweat halfway
through I'm gonna die you're a third of
the way through this will be halfway
1,300 calories
that's impressive is that more 136 grams
of is this okay for his help
I'm not gonna show you want to go for
the pity yeah the rest of this day is
gonna be like good but what that the
skating he didn't make up for it I mean
I like him I think he's great but even
if he doesn't do this something feels
like there's so much less you got my
five left
it sucks this is hard to watch doing the
row so much ice and put together you
should like mellow out before you drive
home you should like sugar up sugar down
do this isn't a kid
dude you'll you will have your baby bite
you will have your moment good if you
don't want to for 50 bucks
Oh am I not able to get like any more
water no drop that I didn't land inside
the thing you know he's gonna die this
is another thing I can't dive into a
cupcakes right here peloton pretty heavy
pauses gusting this is a fifty dollar
cupcake get this down before you puke so
get it in there swallow and then you can
go throw up
in fact I suggest you throw up that's
probably the best bet
yes probably an you know those epic last
books like the last battle the the
deathly hallows all this stuff okay the
last just got to go forward and try this
one yeah the last cupcake come on now
feels so bad right now
it looks so bad once you swallow I'm
gonna walk away I'm good for you I would
not suggest that I hope we would get
them to to to enjoy 80 bucks
he's got your fine this is the first
company the first cupcake we will and
you'll be here when they do next caper
15 minutes into it what they eat this is
so hard just finish this and you're done
you look at your bootcamp feels like it
do you do it look at that so there you
guys go he did it successfully and if
you watch the end of the world Wednesday
last week he kind of knew it because
he's holding the 50 bucks but yeah I
thought that was entertaining and I'm
totally gonna make all those dudes
saying that it was just no big deal try
this because I think it would be hard
person I know it looks small but twelve
anything when it comes to pastries is
ridiculous so yeah they'll be on my
channel if you go back there's a link to
Sam's where else Wednesday and at the
end of this video I linked to
yesterday's where else Wednesday which
unveiled all new force product we have a
new red wheel coming out this weekend so
check it out and see in Vestal
congratulations that's impressive you
did that without throwing up hey Sam 812
cupcakes you think you need to have many
cupcakes what you you think you could
I'm not gonna let you're trying cuz
you're my child that's it guys thanks
for watching will will see you tomorrow
with a new video on Friday really okay
you'll see one next Wednesday take it
easy guys I love you you can say in your
mouth it elevate you there you go made
me happy
whoa spooky dude a girl can you put
Victor are you honestly scared by that
yeah exactly it's not that spooky it's
just cool
oh it's the claw you're afraid of the
claw nightmare really not mine is what
you really you're not afraid to get
tickled
Wow what are you doing the claw get the
claw go
