YouTube what is up guys this is a
question answer video for September you
guys asked questions on my facebook and
I'm gonna scroll through them and answer
a handful so uh let's let let's let this
begin let let lets let's let's go let's
Callum would says Pokemon or Yukio um
I've ever played either but I'm gonna
say Pokemon because Nintendo is awesome
Mac Clark says are you going to ever
tell us about the red shirts guessing
it's pretty it's a pretty deal since you
have had it at your wedding I don't know
the last part men but yeah I have a
feeling that information will get out
into the open it may not be for a very
long time but what's the point in having
a secret if you don't spill the beans
sometime right spill the beans and I say
that BJ says besides skating what's
another hobby beers and locks riding
music video games movies kittens I don't
know remember night kittens but there is
one right there you are not my hobby I
love you though you're a pretty cool pet
here's an interesting thing RIT's Walden
responded to someone else asked about
the red shirts and a lot of people like
Britt thinks that I have a video saying
why were red shirts I don't I have a
video saying that I wear red shirts and
I'm not going to tell you why that's it
so if anyone tells you there's I said
why they're lying or they're confused
Austin Keene Hammond says if Pinocchio
says my nose will now grow what will
happen boom think that's deep that's
that's a good one buddy uh-huh whoa
think about that guys Hannah Hot Pockets
says what's my favorite kind of hot
pocket I'm have to go pizza mainly
because that's the only one I ever
remember eating Zach why Kurt asks if
ride ins middle name is skateboard so it
would be like riding skateboards no his
name is riding Anthony schrock I would
never ever do anything that cheesy
riding isn't even supposed to sound like
riding like that's not some joke or like
playing words his name is just riding so
there you go Zach there's your answer
Reese Bailey says how did you become
well-known on YouTube I worked for a
very long time I worked very hard on my
videos and I made sure I kept doing and
I never gave up that's literally all I
did oh my gosh about to fall asleep I
was disgusting jacob Paula Kowski says
what's one trick you've always wanted to
do but can't and I'm I would say
frontside flips
done it before but I haven't like I've
never felt like man I could do fronts
that looks really good like I would love
to have that feeling it's probably never
gonna happen but I like them Spencer
Lewis says do you despise bikers and/or
scooter riders no I don't despise
anybody and I think making fun of
someone for something that they do as a
hobby is kind of dumb so I really don't
care what you guys do it makes you happy
more power to JT Loudermilk Chris are
you more street or Virts if you watch my
videos you should clearly know that I
have never skated vert in my entire life
if you're asking transition well then
that's pretty clear that I'm in the
street too if you just watch my videos
so I mean I'll skate transition but I'm
a lot better at Street I enjoy it more
so there you go Jacob asks Andy do you
wish your life wasn't so hectic juggling
revived family and skating I want to
start a business but is it worth it well
your life is probably way differing than
mine so if you start a business and you
have a lot more time than me it might be
a lot easier I think that if you have
the urge to go on adventure like that
like yeah you you know you're not gonna
get to the end of life like man I wish I
wouldn't ride but you probably will like
man I wish I would have tried something
new or different so I say go for it um I
don't wish my life wasn't hectic because
it keeps me going I wish I got a little
more sleep each night but I mean I love
having a lot of things on my plate
because it keeps me busy and motivated
and just my mind is always going but
that's kind of cool because I'm never
bored ever ever ever I'm never bored but
go for it buddy I say go for it anyone
wants to start their own business out
there try that's the best you can do
right Cain Thompson says what's the
first word you want riding to say or if
he already has said his first word what
word would do you want him to say riding
said his first word like a long time ago
and it was dad dad he looks right at me
and said dad dad I was like that was
adorable and my heart melted and I was
happy and it was awesome he has since
then said like over 20 plus words he's
uh he's learning them like that these
days
Erik says will you answer this question
no Erik no buddy I'm not doing it Paul
has a good question Paul James Flaherty
asks do you ever fear that you've run
out of content to share on our YouTube
channel and I used to think that but you
know like three four years into the game
like I am now and I'm doing videos every
single day and keeping it going now I
mean I'm always gonna be able to go out
there and do stupid things my channel is
not just skating kind of gives me the
freedom of doing anything that pops in
my head like if I want to do a stupid
skit about throwing milk out my backdoor
like what stopped me so uh ya know I'm
not too worried about it
I'm not too worried about it Sean says
who we're gonna fight a grilled cheese
or a taco you have good taste in movies
sir
friggin hot rod for life Ricki Patel
says why did you start doing YouTube
videos a lot of reasons I just kind of
wanted to like build an audience to use
that as like a stepping stone to
something bigger I didn't think YouTube
would become this big in my life a lot
of other reasons like I kind of have
some goals in life and I feel like
YouTube is a good way to reach people
and I want to have a positive impact in
the world so you know I put myself out
there and hopefully people can see me
and say like oh you know it take
something positive from that I know
that's cheesy but that's that's what
this I'm a freakin big bowl of cheese
cheddar Swiss I don't know that was
stupid
John asks what do you love more skating
in YouTube or your wife or your son my
wife my son no contests at all Brian
Kyle says have you ever done hard flip
yes yes I have henrik says do you think
or hope ridin will start skateboarding
when he's older and yeah of course I'm
actually wants him to try skateboarding
but if he doesn't get into it that's
fine you know like he's got his own life
to live and to figure out what he wants
to do but yeah of course I think you
will honestly it it's just a natural
thing you see your dad doing something
fun you kind of want to do it too so uh
yeah I hope so but if not that's fine
you know I love little guys no matter
what no one says can you make a clone of
riding for me and if I can make clones
of Ryden I probably wouldn't want to
give them away but I can sell them for a
fortune I'm like he's the easiest little
happy baby in the whole world I'm tired
and I can't speak word talk English
Jordan asks when can we expect a new
deck graphic also wheels wheels are
coming by the holiday season and as is
new deck graphics you'll see the return
of the old Toro deck and then we have a
new deck graphic for sure and we'll get
some different color lifelines and so
big things are happening with revive
stay tuned for more info but I'm going
to call this quits I'm done thank you
guys for asking questions there's a lot
of fun the cap stuff is kind of gross
but if you guys wanted to get involved
with this next time go to my facebook
page it's right here boom
go to that and they'll be a link right
down the info below and give it a like
and then next time I do these I say like
hey ask questions and you can ask your
question and if I didn't answer yours I
apologize it was like 800 comments which
is I feel like it's a lot for these
things but like I said I'll do another
one next month so ask your question and
I was like I will see you guys in the
future
