alright
I don't know what just happened I liked
it 360 finger flip awesomeness could
have YouTube in that tree yeah YouTube
you name it because I know that's what
matters anyway so whoever gets the top
comment on this with the name that's the
legit name of that trick I'm gonna go a
360 whirlybird because that's what I
named every trick I don't understand
thank you guys for watching my videos if
you want to see more of this heat this
button right here it's free to subscribe
you get daily videos skateboarding skits
pranks and whatever randomness I come up
with its oh and I could get hit in the
head line no one was surprised right
there
I almost saw my tombstone it was like
staring me in the face I might go side
all right I'll go over here I'll get
like right here I step back like three
feet and I still almost got landed on
maybe that's the trick he's trying
backflip to Andy
you
