you know it's kind of weird is that I
haven't featured Josh cats in a very
long time also it's kind of weird that
I'm just sitting in a random log cabin
right now but seriously Josh cats people
he wears a helmet and everyone makes fun
of me he doesn't care not everyone makes
fun of him but enough people do he's
like you know what screw those people
I'm gonna do it anyway because I am
myself and I'm proud of it yeah I love
that about him I'm so proud of this dude
he's gone from skating history doing you
know whatever tricks to the insane stuff
he does now and I'm really proud to have
him on my skateboard team robot
skateboards but you if you're not
subscribed to this channel you need to
click that right there okay that'll take
you to his channel and you're gonna like
what you see get a bunch of videos if
not just him his friends too and it's
awesome I do daily videos if subscribe
to me click that but boom okay right
there is the important part of this and
watch it and like it and I'm gonna
change his camera over here I'm gonna
front-flip onto the bed boom flip all
right all right all right face back o.o
hit my knee
you
