ridin rejoice you be an astronaut today
no they just want a shoe put in the baby
socks on it's gonna be a grand old time
I don't know where this song going but
it's going to be a pretty cool time
right buddy so ever since we've changed
this new shipping method brian has my
job and I have his so I just do orders
all day sandy refuses to figure out how
do you know i do not i want to learn it
but you know what more i want i want to
warehouse so I don't just sit in a chair
how many times have you watched the the
video on how to do this none well
exactly why haven't you doing that
because I've been busy Brian I've been
busy fixing your mistakes is he fixing
my mistakes just sounded like a goal
thing to say I really gotta ride the
thing yo you really you're not gonna
ride the golf cart I'll ride it the
shopping cart whatever it's called so
ever since I've started my company I
always write handwritten letters to
every single person to order something
like one time we had 180 orders in one
day so I really hope I don't to give up
this up one day you didn't write a
letter to two people okay so two people
out there if you get a blank receipt
that's a one of a kind two of a kind Bry
names receipt yes yes Google kind
nothing to be excited about I'm sorry I
apologize I'm really sorry apologize to
the camera I'm very sorry dude once you
land it kidding sounds a little bit big
buddy here's a ride in size but it eat
it oh you're done we're done to find out
my buddy hey how you put in your mouth
all right this time I'm grinding in are
you ready yeah all right hold my hand
hold my hand
yeah let's whack see him I feel like
this is how Hillbillies probably scared
this is like the rail in their town and
they master it here with the help of
their friends oh yeah look at that RTA
runways man get up on there we'll just
pull will you across it now come on get
me going I'm gonna die I'm gonna die I
don't think this is meant to be grinded
should we call it quits before we go to
the hospital now this is how like an
episode of real TV or world's dumbest
starts I'm not doing this Dana life done
you want to say you're not totally you
want to show me man say what's about to
happen I really don't know thanks for
watching my video guys I hope your
eyeballs enjoyed it if you want to see
more videos for bead then boom hit them
right there that will subscribe you to
my channel you get more skateboarding
skits Frank's whatever random is that
come up with really but it's free to
subscribe to get daily videos from me
get on it guys golf club haha bowling
pin here you're weird stuff like this
yeah we're going to use these the ships
under sunglasses and now I already made
that decision when we talk about the
labels we not these because they don't
move that we decided we'd already decide
this brand name what what did you not
drink your coffee I large your coffee
weights the TV show this bid this all
day
I
