dude you're bored like just smacked you
all right oh hey look anything like
attacked you dude you all right bud
you're good to go yep we're doing slo-mo
replay hit that right now so this clip
was in we are avenged seven which you
may have already seen before but I have
no idea why I didn't make a bigger deal
of this fall when it happened this is
pretty hilarious especially once you
realize Jace is okay you're like oh my
gosh memory wine watch it again in the
laughs and then tell my substitute
teacher about it really what are the
odds of that I've been skating for 15
years and not once as my board hit me
after I fell I mean you think the fall
would be enough but no like the world
was just like you know what I'm gonna
make you fall and I'm gonna hit you in
the head after you're done boom take
that really it's kind of like double
punishment like did Jace is Irv that
probably not i don't know maybe he like
trip to kid at school that day you know
and he didn't tell us about it got hit
in the back of the head with skateboard
after he fell but knowing Jace I'm sure
he didn't deserve it it's just one of
those things that happens I guess you
know like maybe I've got it coming like
once in your skate life you're getting
you have those Falls the good thing is
that Jace was okay and the second gooder
thing is that we got it on film and we
could put make a video of it on the
internet and be like haha no one
probably laughed out of like that and
this fall has a happy ending because
Jace just got up but he landed the trick
like next try so go down there give this
video a thumbs up for revenge on a good
slam so thank you for watching i'll go
ahead and show you the footage now and
uh there's some bloopers the end of this
because that's just what i do I mess up
I'll see you guys soon because I do
daily videos until next time up soon
until soon time we're up minutes alright
that was clear that was like the
smoothest accidental thing in the world
we're right back in the hand maybe I'm a
Jedi you may never know we may never
know or will we
blood ow oh they stay found that piece
in there they're like hey here's dinner
for a year hey is this what is it that's
a cup thank you for watching my video
guys I hope you guys enjoyed it if you
want to see more that hit this right
here you're gonna get more skateboarding
skits pranks whatever randomness I come
up with it's free so click it subscribe
for doc
you're getting crap like this too I get
caked on a regular basis
yeah that was a chocolate one subscribe
for more stuff like this dirt
don't think you deserve it maybe like
maybe he stole a kid some kid lon
money's you know why I did that is
because I'm wearing these shoes my
subconscious like you're gonna x2
because you look stupid what are the
odds of it happening I've been skating
for like 15 years yep 15 I can't count
congratulations your breath smell so
have a breath mint now
you
