what just happen you just use like yeah
you might want to back off a little bit
I don't know if I got that there was a
flip of 180 do you see that yeah my gosh
does it make you want to throw my shoe
come on throw it
chuck it that way just throw it okay no
I don't hit the girls just throw it one
that they probably thought he wasn't
throwing it at yeah we're good
back flip 180 back the braid say a few
times just let that sinking back flip
180 not sinking in so I had no idea Kyle
Krause was gonna try this he was like
you just filmed this and also just
happened of course it doesn't first try
because he's Kyle Krause and wow that
was in we are events 38 and I didn't put
in a slow-mo and a lot of people we're
wanting to watch it and I know that so I
want to make this video I kind of did a
raw footage of the 722 so basically you
need to get watched the episode if you
haven't but uh cow-house my gosh people
that's a raw back flip 180 I've never
seen that trick done on a skateboard
like I know it has been done but I
haven't run from Apple's I was lucky but
this is of course a straight cast
reminder video every other Thursday we
do is a skateboarding podcast we're
talking about skateboarding of course
and then whatever randomness that pops
in our head it's myself bats with black
ninja Doug no cells and Josh cats and
yeah it's a good time so tune in at 5
o'clock pacific standard time at shred
cast calm there's a live chat that we we
try to like communicate with you guys on
there and if you miss it it'll be on one
of our youtube channels
so stay tuned and exciting times
here's one more goldfish let's see if I
can do this boo mmm go do that but I was
gonna look stupid I probably look stupid
sure I cast it up
