it's October kidding
it's October scary interest oh my gosh
you're not dead and I'm not dead that
hurts a lot though yeah well you got
you're gonna drag away to get murdered
what's today today is force fault
it's warehouse Wednesday in his
warehouse Wednesday - jeez it is it's
forced fold we're doing some products
for you guys again how far we gonna walk
until it turns I don't know that really
out here so that's where we are
that was really tall it was high we're
gonna show product we're in a skateboard
that's it simple is that and we're back
to our normal antics next week yes it
might be this guy it might not because
he's not always here okay
very he'll maybe we're more skating on
this crappy driveway no yeah right here
like this will be a challenge yeah it
did that literally got struck by
lightning that's why it's a hole I don't
know that's a thing this is a great day
it is this is a really good line made by
this guy this guy is usually not here
this is JP Cooper and he made everything
right yeah yeah and all but everything
about to see is JP's doing actually the
Hat you didn't do that you didn't do
that no not do that it's a little big
you made a really great face to go with
that for a second
I'm stoked on that got the like og force
forces strike logo
yeah and it's a truck her head yeah yeah
it's a gray kind of gray color way clear
front very back yeah it's called the
yeah super into it tonight called the
yeah it should be called the yeah no
like what you want yeah no
on the beanie so we got a cuff beanie
it's got an updated version of the
strike logo okay dude this is like the
most comfortable beanie I've ever held
my life it is like if I was a hamster I
would live in this imagine if your
hamster you could get inside and that's
why it's called hamster it's not called
the ham it should be but now it's a
super it's a like of a lightweight baby
lightweight cuffed beanies got an
updated graphic on now super stoked on
this one it's so heavenly mm-hmm hamster
bed that's what it's called it's not
moving apparel got a hoodie represent
super stoked on how all the apparel
turned out yes isn't it super imagine if
you were a ferret and you were sleeping
in this like in the arm maybe yes
they're comfy hoodie this is a
lightweight hoodie it's gotten the the
same updated strike logo on the front
right 2018 it's got national force
Wheels graphic on the back what are you
thinking when you make this stuff look
at it so cool it's really good yeah it's
cool because someone walking on the
sidewalk behind you they know you're
wearing that hoodie because what it says
what it is it's true yeah it's also dark
Heather hoodie they go back to because
it says the dark Heather this is not
long-sleeve t-shirt same
imagine if a human was in this
long-sleeve tee graphic on the from the
breast it's a it's a light breathable
material when you put it on you still
can breathe that's good imagine that
there's a lot of clothing out there
which you can't what animal would sleep
in that one John has a human already
said it you know where they grab wait to
wear this yeah
but we have a polo it's a Navy pole Oh
vessels not gonna wear this Oh Sam
vessels gonna wear the crap out of it
he's gonna get so many yeah it's got the
spring logo embroidered on the breast
it's awesome I could wear this shoe yes
I wear shirts over my red shirt and I
could I would wear that I'm really glad
we finally made yellow furry for one of
the companies you get a three if you
wear this at a country club you get a
free drink
sure you do and free waffles with
breakfast friggin if you are that not
true I mean somewhere if you pitch that
to them someone's gonna say yes in the
world I saw this online you could
probably get away with it I was also
lined if I were this sure I got free
waffles somewhere it will work out like
if somebody asks at the right time have
you tried a hundred times
yeah one of them is gonna it's gonna
work out right see waffles thanks for
making it this is the Medusa tea Zoomer
so when you get this you get a free
tattoo no you don't get what I graphic
on the front graphic on the back yeah
really really comfortable lightweight
tea super excited about this your hand
is a wizard Harry look look what you did
what's gone now great we should have
done stickers first so you know this is
the coolest thing about this is that if
you throw it it'll actually stick watch
so you three of those stickers no that
is he to you just threw one of them you
three of them so don't throw your
stickers get three of this the Medusa
sticker yeah and get three of these put
one of those on Bracken's head
and now you only have eight singers yeah
wheels
yes wheels go what is this series we
just call them hoes the monsters
legendary legendary this is a legendary
series they come at 51 because about
normal thing I've ever said where else
Wednesday by the way it's true yeah
so first wheel it's got like a
Frankenstein II wheel Frank and guy
right there you if your name is Frank
and you order these they're not free but
something will be free in your future
guaranteed really yeah I think so but
not from us like from somebody else
maybe probably this one comes in 51
millimeter yeah okay we've got like
Dracula a wheel it's like you're right
is your red wheel yeah dude okay so
these we have a very hard street formula
for most road wheels this is a slightly
softer so for skate parks and transition
these old digital grip your wheels a
little bit better on the ground and it
is red look at it it is so red it is
amazing it's good will yeah how did you
make it out like what did you do do you
like to inject a needle to make it red
what do you yes okay he makes it all
it's crazy
imagine that is so what besides this is
comes in 52 yes we finally have a code
that's so great yeah we did a black
wheel but I'm so glad we've that's the
red skateboarding wheel and I'm 53
millimeters wait
we have the Medusa wheel 53 millimeter
don't drop your dropper - my hand caught
it
53 purple we so is the shirt I get you
dependent yeah you can see it there yeah
your hands are naughty moving on
every year we update the strike logo and
we're we doing this so this is going to
be coming in 51 through 54 strikes cuz
every year we do this we kind of revamp
um well he does he makes we revamp them
and this is what makes this is my
favorite strike ever I think so that
2017 2018 yeah
2017 versions you buy did you buy a
lottery to get that day because you
would have won that's 51 52 is a gray
color way of this wheel three is green
come away like Ninjago 54 or the price
is right wheel yeah or the just
seventies in general the right brackets
faces in the wheel really somebody come
look at the screen
that's it so all the stuff this comes
out this weekend Saturday on the Shred
course comm so if you want to be there
the moment it comes out it'll be when it
switches over from Friday to Saturday as
soon as it's technically Saturday this
stuff is available it'll be hidden skate
shops over the next week and yeah we'll
go go go go go go look at this stuff you
can look at this I love you that's weird
over a skateboard and then this was used
to be done and then you'll probably want
to do something else you might stay on
the computer you might get outside and
play tag someone's gonna go play tag
after this no like on the Internet let's
also be play tag that's a very long time
so many people you get a tag
there you guys go wow these guys killed
it you all the force stuff you just saw
comes out to this weekend on Saturday
thank you guys for all the support and
love you guys show us means the world
and get their skateboard day if you can
I do videos here all the time so hit the
subscribe button right below if you want
to see more that's it you guys have a
great day peace goodbye really
how do you get you sleep at night I'm
just kidding sounds he did almost just
three flip it I'm just kidding dude
whatever makes you happy
