you know what guys I was about to go on
about how that's the most beautiful one
footed Ollie back tale I've ever seen
but Doug's the only person I've ever
seen do a one-footed nollie back tail so
I'm just gonna say wow Doug I hope you
guys dug dug right there because that's
fantastic he never ceases to amaze me I
know it's like the same thing every time
I do a Doug video but this just proves
it i mean not when that it's slow motion
hit I was just like I felt like I was
six years old and watching Magic School
Bus for the first time I was like oh my
gosh this is beautiful so I hope you
guys felt the same way if you want to
see more of the amazing Doug details
click this right here that'll go take
you to his channel and you're going to
see way more tricks than what you just
saw he has a machine he littered you put
your quarter in and you play pinball
probably five hours of Doug if you want
to see more videos for me click that
right there you get to get daily videos
and it's fun but if you're you know Doug
Doug time so click Doug and be happy
about it so see you as a future more
videos to come should rehearse this that
was stupid
you
