what up people here's an 18 foot flat
bar I'm a skateboard on it I'm gonna try
to do a bunch tricks Dallas you're gonna
fill me thank you you know why you have
to I just filmed you so now we're even
you a tripod like I could get in alright
so there boom you go I'm have to come
back so I got a front board shove it to
land and a nosegrind okay so expect more
of this spot let me go Dallas thank you
for uh for what some call it it's a you
hit me my name you hit me my days I did
every time wait I be excited about that
thank you guys for watching my videos if
you want to see more of this heat this
button right here it's free to subscribe
to get daily videos skateboarding skits
pranks and whatever randomness I come up
with its oh and I could get hit in the
head lock no one was surprised right
there
remember that one video where Thomas had
like the worst wheels in the world well
he got new ones and they're no better
this is not how to deal with the entire
time it sounds like Godzilla working
construction naked okay go to your chick
every time you go it's like yeah that's
what it sounds like I'm like doing the
rail and it's like yeah
you
