I do not care about oh I got the path
that part of a Batman okay alright yeah
I did it I gotta practice this voice
alright I'll talk to you later Matt
Damon you're coming with me dead or
alive buddy except I don't kill people
because I'm Batman
so you're coming alive my safe brother
I'll save you - yo I'm Batman
quit robbing that girl man I'm Batman
when you please quit robbing a store cuz
I'm not wearing hockey you have food in
your teeth Batman I I'm Batman
Oh Patrick well it's kind of fancy a
Batman making it with Batman and it's
right here the opportunity is right here
you shall not rob anyone before Bob and
I'll say it again if you look to your
left you will see Batman he's here today
and he always brings his a game you put
that baby down because here at the
Country Club
Batman's not gonna let you harm babies
don't you dare try to take off my mask
secret identity means secret identity
but frankly you might want to worry
about the thugs over in the right corner
okay why would I ever have said that
kill you I don't want to kill you no I
want to be Batman myself yeah what I'm
not Han Solo anymore Batman now so put
that somewhere and just throw it in your
book bag because I ain't gonna I ain't
gonna put up with no Betty
Robin anybody I will should prevent it
thanks for watching my video guys - hope
your eyeballs enjoyed it if you want to
see more videos for me then boom hit
that right there that will subscribe you
to my channel you get more skateboarding
skits
pranks whatever preying on my side come
up with really well it's free to
subscribe to get daily videos from me
get on it guys
Golf Club bowling pin you know weird
stuff like this
well I just say whatever when I talk you
don't know who I am because I have a
different voice and this is my voice so
give me your weapons and give me give me
all your weapons
