Oh
really knows man you annoy double flip I
mean it will if you go that's exactly my
response when i see that i just kind of
make noises i don't know how to control
myself like that is ridiculous i would
just be happy with a dolly double flip
on flat but showing hand he's like you
know what I'm just gonna nose manual and
then I'm gonna do it but if you want to
see more from Sean put this right here
boom that is Billy handing this is
Strong's brothers youtube channel and he
has amazing skateboarding all the time
of Sean and other people it's really
good content to check it out and if you
want single borders more videos for me
click that right there I do daily videos
of skating randomness skits just a bunch
of weird stuff but more importantly
click that right there you're gonna come
home from school or like mama subscribe
to Billy hangings channel and she's like
have some more allowances you're just
gonna get an allowance is thrown at you
so uh thank you guys for watching check
that out and i'll see you in the future
you
you
