what's up guys it's a day-in-the-life 17
I feel well rested and I'm ready to
start the day that was totally a lie
it is the day in life 17 but I'm not
well rested I got five hours of sleep
last night and I really wish I was still
sleeping but I'm gonna go wake up my son
and get him ready for the day you are
really tired aren't you buddy you don't
want to be awake either what do you say
we just ditch this whole life thing
sleep on it I love you I'm sorry to wake
you up buddy
where's your gun but you sure hon Oh put
your shirt on success there you go
I did it for you cuz I'm your dad and we
can't trust you to close yourself is
this I'm gonna have to unveil it for you
can't just go crazy you're not Donkey
Kong buddy and toast and a banana sir is
your mom coming where's mom yeah we're
gonna hang out it's not bloody Kay I
love you thank you
okay worth Park and I'm about to run I
too ran in a while so I'm hoping I can
run two miles
I might get worn out real fast but I do
them going to work but I'm gonna run
right now look how cool these shoes look
I gotta fend off like every girl the
world
alright I ran two miles so that's
awesome but I'm soaked to sweat now I
got to go meet up with Brian and I'm
late I'm supposed to be there at 10 and
it's like 10:15 already so so I'm sorry
Brian Eames gasps stop redbull stop I
should be drinking these because I'm
juicing but I don't have five hours
sleep and this is what I want and then
by our names wants one too I'm gonna go
give it to him
broad names guest I'm doing dick what
are you doing today what do you think
Dan Lloyd dating life you just did one I
know we're doing one again because it's
a different day for me I'm going skating
at nighttime it's a night mission time
it is per day but weird I'm gonna
challenge you later on to a skate time I
can't wait for the yeah it's gonna have
these four sunglasses Red Bull thank you
and also I'm an idiot I forgot the tax I
found them but I forgot them so one
o'clock I'm driving go get them
so if you watch my last day in life we
rescheduled a bank meeting and that's
today and he's like let's reschedule to
get in I'm like no we're doing it so we
got to work really fast to get like over
50 orders done and then we got to go get
all the stuff ready for the bank meeting
think of your new abroad names I think
we can I think we can all I'm saying is
that I don't want to be sitting in this
stupid tin chair I want to have a
warehouse I can't wait
Simon half of them all right so now we
are going to get the tax stuff that I
forgot cousin idiot you are and you're
gonna get food scarf what are you gonna
get brand names
Alec something terrible that's usually
how it goes best for you bachelor
this right here brownies
I forgot this you should have it I'm
gonna go change and boo look a little
nicer aren't I
a little bit yeah anybody who's watching
this video they're gonna know what this
shirt means yes I've comments before
have you get in there in the comments we
know that is you a very nice family my
friend yeah yeah we do that's a stock
photo you don't you don't say ok Bank
time are you ready for this bud
no one sorry though you guys can't come
in that'd be a little weird
all right thank you done I'm gonna go to
Staples and bought some Office Depot's
yeah obviously moved to Staples some
office supplies
all right we're here stables Brian's I'm
waiting for me Brian
chop-chop successed Brian I feel like
I'm at the grocery store my mom who
doesn't want to do this when they see
these in stores and now I'm busy
not really I'm durable for more spins I
would've been dizzy now we're back at
the office working on orders we gotta
finish these up and take them to the
post office if I look like I'm moving
out of my college dorm like my hands are
full along the way I'll call Jorm empty
boxes how excited are you about that
Brian dude this new shipping software is
we we should celebrate I'm gonna make
you go to beach apart and skate in your
sandals oh great
okay you're davon Jamie Thomas predation
are you ready skating sandals Jase I see
a J spotting you want to come say what's
up YouTube so here's Jase and this the
epic meeting between Brian Ames and Jase
well on their meeting I've met her
before
no let's just say let's just be dramatic
okay it's your first time no it is not
the first time I'm gonna make him do
three tricks and sandals no he's gonna
be sure this time I'm gonna feel bad
what do you would a young mind write
like a pop shuvit a flat oh there's one
but it's so scary
like that your ankle just broke that was
good no one tried this at home this is
not good for your body
oh come skin gone did you scrape the
skin off three tricks man I'm proud of
you that you really do stuff that you
shouldn't that I asked you to yeah
these are not my skate clothes these are
my meeting advant clothes I'm gonna rip
these pants it's gonna happen rubber our
names
good work day congratulations on your
sandals Katie oh dude awesome see you
Wednesday all right so I got to get home
because I gotta watch riding while my
wife goes and gets her hair done how
stereotypical girl is that right
take him away hi family what are you
laughing about yeah that's you is the
phone for me
hello what have you done with my pet Oh
No I do not have your milk give me your
hair did oh I said that didn't I
I was saying in like a joking way I
didn't mean it like get your hair did
you know first thing we're doing is men
is having a snack some manly pineapple
especially right now I'm just
straightening up the house and watching
this guy I'm playing with him in between
cleaning times Hey it's feeding time
isn't it buddy I'm jealous that is like
the greatest macaroni and cheese in the
whole world if any delicious that you
have any delicious that tastes want to
ride your train buddy - so we got
cleaned up didn't we ridin and now we
are playing in a little bit maybe read
some books before bed are you excited
for this haha I'll sold the baby did you
see the baby yes I saw the baby's
obtaining anything did mom get home just
times you go to bed it looks beautiful
it's all looks beautiful see beautiful
thank you
dad I think it's about time I go to bed
good night
all right so now I'm just pretty much
hanging out with that lady right there
and then I'm going to do a night mission
every Monday night we're having night
missions because I got a video card to
film for so we're going on Street
skating we got a new spot Dallas has
tonight so hopefully that turns out good
either way we're gonna have fun so hang
in here guys and when I said hanging out
I've been seeing on the couch doing work
because she's starting to be a
neuroscientist so she's busy with
schoolwork and I have to edit my life
away every night but we will take a
break for Wilfred Laurie I'm sure we can
score take it off now but I'm gonna need
your date to get alcohol wristbands
I love you
Justin Nelson I have not been night
skating in like two years I think night
ledge
you guys ready to skateboard on this are
you like this okay well Dallas man nice
to see you buddy
Gary DB low you type in good
that was in
that's right that was on purpose
completely on purpose
Oh
never done that before the do is trick
on this Henry okay I'm gonna get onto it
and ollie off of it seems like a pretty
good way to get hurt yeah well that's
what happens in these videos Gary
you'll get hurt guys really art help
what are we learned we learned that we
should never skate this again this is
really hard to skate someone didn't get
a trick for the video so I'm not saying
what but a successful night Dana life
done Dallas
say the outro subscribe or die a say
alright thank you for watching my video
guys I hope you guys enjoyed it if you
want to see more that hit this right
here you're gonna get more skateboarding
skits pranks whatever randomness I come
up with it's free so click it subscribe
or die
you're getting crap like this too I get
caked on a regular basis oh that was a
chocolate one subscribe for more stuff
like this boom dirt
Red Bull stop I shouldn't be drinking
this because I'm juicing and uh my new
day in the Lego game up
you
