alright guys so this rail right here I
front boarded it for a recent video and
that a couple days later this stood
front board of the two you know what the
difference is is that he just started
skating this year easily your best trick
man I agree high high five now we gotta
film it like a man because you filmed on
your iPhone and you're reporting the sky
and it was weird
well Alex big was no offense Alex you're
awesome but we're put the board side
they can go for the gold alright this is
like 18 or 19 feet we measured it with
our skateboards so long that was it
I
I am gonna jump yeah I'm gonna fall you
can't tell because there's no death lens
give me a five man cue the outro
subscribe or die no you just say cue the
outro do the outro say it like you mean
it like cue the outro cue the outro
there you go
whew it's a regular now man that's way
harder
there's your face there's the park
there's your board there's the park
here's my shoe done
you
