dallas what's up it's a pretty gross day
out isn't it yeah I could be better you
were wrong it's a beautiful day because
why Brian Ames boom Dex we got
skateboards in guys I just wanna make a
little quick video saying we only have
like a handful of them because this is
like the left over from last batch that
didn't come in but they're here we have
a lot of eight and seven point seven
five so grab them while you can and we
have another order for like 300 x coming
in within a few weeks so stay tuned but
I I'm gonna say it again I'm really
sorry about this up and down they just
go so fast and we have to wait for the
wood provider to make them but uh we're
gonna get a handle on the situation and
it's gonna happen okay is we're gonna
have boards all the time eventually
consistency will happen we got ya
consistencies happened Brian do a trick
on the skateboard please don't we gotta
sell them all right there guys say
subscriber some subscriber yeah that's
all yet a subscriber
