we are here in the wild trying to find
all sorts of beasts and I think I've had
one it looks like an infant's human on
my back this is you just that is not a
basket buddy well that's this is a
laundry basket but are you okay I guess
it was a basket no bagel bagel the
kitten baby kitten doll riding riding
the human right little baby human why is
that funny
here's a soccer ball that's a ball Bo do
it twice because the third times not
funny doesn't mean to do that did I are
used to taking this boy riding I'm gonna
put a little cheese on this okay dad
this video about to add wins that music
gonna come on thanks for watching my
video guys - hope your eyeballs enjoyed
it if you want to see more videos from
me then boom hit them right there that
will subscribe you to my channel you get
more skateboarding skits
Frank's whatever random aside come up
with really but it's free to subscribe
you get daily videos from me get on it
guys
Golf Club hahaha bowling pin any weird
stuff like this
dad wins this video gonna end are you
gonna do it yourself
