there's a dog cat fight going on right
now leave her alone leave her alone
why you gotta pick fights I gotta pick
fights host oh yeah now life is just
great because you're getting your belly
scratched it does but what's up guys we
are doing an unboxing today did you know
we weren't you didn't know we're doing
you have no idea what we're doing right
now or do you shoe no we're doing video
games yeah I'm pretty excited too you're
just mad you're not getting your belly
rub anymore
yeah okay exactly that's a great idea
that's what remotes do right okay good
thinkin why hasn't anyone else thought
of that ready so recently this came out
this is the Super Nintendo classic a
year ago the NES classic came out had a
bunch of classic Nintendo games on it
which was awesome Zelda Mario boom you
already know this is even better ok the
NES was very hard to get I never saw it
in stores this I waited in line for
because I was not letting it pass me by
this has my favorite games of all time
on it I just really hope it's easy for
people to get in stores this season so
we're gonna unbox it and we're gonna
show you guys what's in here here's the
front it's kind of cool because it has
the same style as the original Super
Nintendo box I didn't know this but it
actually it has an utterly Star Fox 2
which starfox one was super fun so it's
really cool that has a new game this is
$80
no no 80 dutchess $80 1,800 would be
8000 nobody has that much thousand one
thousand is ten hundreds yes alright so
there's the front of the box the side is
Super NES console it's a super retro
blast from the past with the return of
all-time fan favorite Super Nintendo
Entertainment System it goes on we're
not gonna bore you with that this is
just a little blurb about the system it
has the controllers is classic on top
the other side is the exact same thing
and the back is where it gets fun it has
all of the games so I'm gonna list all
the games it has on there and ride this
face
is going to if you if it when I say the
name of the game you're gonna react as
excited as you feel okay if you think
it's a good game act really happy if you
think it's a boring game act really sad
okay okay are you ready contra three the
alien wars you like the sound of that
okay Donkey Kong Country earthbound yes
that's my favorite game of all time it
is so good just the cartridge alone is
200 bucks anything you can download it
for the Wii for like a normal price but
so you get this for 80 bucks and save a
bunch of money
Final Fantasy 3 no three this is the
third one zero it's pretty fun I promise
Kirby's Dream course that sounds fun
okay
Kirby's superstar there you go that
actually is two kirby superstar Mega Man
X work we've played that such a good
game Secret of Mana it's fun it's a RPG
starfox Street Fighter 2 turbo hyper
fighting how many streets booze do they
have you'll like that super Castlevania
okay super ghouls and ghosts every
single reaction is pretty much the same
Super Mario Kart super mario RPG legend
of the seven stars it's such a fun game
Super Mario World you played that you've
beat defeat levels in that Super Metroid
super punch-out The Legend of Zelda a
link to the past what a classic game
that's that's it right there
Yoshi's Island ye so here is the back it
has a picture of all a lot of these
games I don't know if it has every
single game but it definitely has a
bunch of them and this right here is my
favorite it is such a good game
all of these are masterpieces of course
starfox - lets see a face for that okay
go all right so that's the box
on the bottom it has a bunch of stuff we
don't care about we're gonna open this
up and get a look at it are you trying
to hog the remote sir believe me
alright let's open this up are you ready
get that thing in here oh this is cool
it has a little right in here well this
box is so awesome I do not want to hurt
it it says now you're playing with super
power which used to be a slogan we're
gonna pull it out all right we've got
instruction I think it's a poster
actually but this would be really cool
man Oh Gina - no posters were the best
yeah how's like a breakdown on has all
of them on it this is awesome
oh no it doesn't okay it just breaks
down a few of the games that's still
really cool though it's got Super Mario
World super metroid super mario kart
starfox f-zero and The Legend of Zelda a
link to the past
no it doesn't have Yoshi's world it
comes with the thing that literally no
one has ever read I don't think anyone's
got the video game like I'm gonna read
this a warning manual first but they
have to do it because there's someone
out there that tried to eat their games
I guess we did
licked it but we didn't try to eat it
all right let's do this
oh my gosh this is the console itself
this is adorable
thank you gosh it is adorable switch
works
I haven't even played with a dance
classic so and the reset it this thing
is awesome and I know it you look small
but it is so much smaller in real life
like even when I'm holding it and then I
look at the lake Cameron I'm like it
doesn't look as small and the camera it
looks it's so small in real life it has
an HDMI port and then a little plug for
your power all are the controllers
wireless so there's no like thing no
there's cords on them let's just get
them out to look at no oh oh my gosh
these come down and then there's the
controller ports right there see yes
let's get the controllers out and look
at them and okay so here they are I
think this is a little smaller than the
original controller and with the NES
classic the courts were very small like
they were like a foot and a half long or
something crazy so you could sit farther
away from the TV so that's good because
no one wants to sit a foot and a half
away from the TV except like somebody
really confused this looks about I don't
know four feet five foot it's enough
this is my personal favorite control of
all time too so I'm really excited I'm
gonna do the first roll up when
controllers head cords this is what they
looked like when you weren't using them
for all over the place yeah that's good
but it's good mentality so here you go
here's another controller I'm not gonna
get that out just yet here is the power
supply it's funny because it just looks
like a cell phone charger right you want
to get that cord out for me as if you
literally just plug in your cell phone
and you get it's a USB so you could
probably literally use your cell phone
charger and plug this USB in no that's a
HDMI cord okay so it's pretty basic
you're getting the you get in the
console you're getting two controllers
which is awesome you're getting the
power cord and the HDMI cord to connect
it to an HDTV now these games are old so
there weren't HD which is I heard that
there's a filter on it a CRT filter
which makes it look like an older
television on your HDTV which is awesome
that's it that's what's in the box
here's that court it's kind of long I
mean it's pretty simple you know you
plug it in and then you plug this into
your Super Nintendo and you're good to
go
this is my favorite thing that tenders
put out for a long time the switch is
amazing but I love the old games and I
suggest if you guys can get one of these
even if you're younger get it the games
on this they might look old but they are
the most fun well working games ever
you're gonna have so many good times
with this oh yeah we're gonna go hook it
up but there you guys go we hope you
liked this unboxing video what we did I
even use all the time I do a lot of
videos with him and I don't know I don't
you know with copyrights and stuff I'm
not sure how much of video games we can
do but you might see some video games
here in the future either way I do we
use here all time so if you want to see
more videos just click the subscribe
button right down below I do a lot of
skateboarding I do a lot of lifestyle
stuff and it's fun and I'm sleeping dog
that is it you guys have a great day if
you can if it's beautiful gives us the
fall go outside and enjoy the weather
but if not if it's a bad day play video
games play some Nintendo there's
something else inside if it's know me or
anything or the Fred Thomas no ok I
don't think I mean it's knowing
somewhere yeah say their names probably
James
so tell James to go play in the snow
yeah but that's it hope you guys like
this video you guys have a great one
oh my gosh say bye just say bye be that
back alright
hey for the bonus clip what do you what
do you want to do toast
you know I do you think he gets nervous
when he sees you like like crawling over
here like The Exorcist such a sleepy dog
yeah yeah let's put those blood his
belly get rubbed again there we go
you
