guys today is a great day okay the sun
is shining the leaves are artistically
getting into the way and making it look
like it's just a beautiful time outside
and most importantly it is Aaron kairos
birthday today yeah Aaron Cairo was one
year older today and isn't no i'm making
this video but i am because you're
totally watching it but really i just
want to make this video to say Aaron
happy birthday brother it's awesome to
have you on revive all of us wish we
could be there celebrating with you but
the best thing we're going to do is
we're going to we're going to throw this
video up my channel say happy birthday
to you and then show everybody else in
the world watching all of the footage
that I have shot of you even with the
time I asked you to do a trick and you
ended up like breaking your ankle I
apologize for that and I'm gonna make it
up to you okay I'm gonna I'm gonna send
you some skate products in next box I'm
going to give you a birthday present and
right now I just found a heel okay boom
are you Cinderella I don't know better
question is why is this just laying
outside why did I pick it up happy
birthday Aaron Cairo guys check out this
footage and make sure you check out his
channel at the end of this you probably
already watch it but if you don't it's
good stuff so until next time get in
there give this video a like and tell
aaron what's up tell aaron happy
birthday take these guys
I'm
Oh
and
whoa
I'm
will his Frank really saw that you're
right
you
