all right I'm just gonna straight-up
admit it I think it is safe to say that
I could not do any of the tricks that
you just saw I mean I could go out and
practice them and alert him eventually
but it would take a while and Shawn
handing me doesn't he doesn't with no
problem like he just goes out there and
he doesn't he's a small space probably
have some Chipotle afterwards he rewards
himself from doing that amazing
skateboarding but for real guys Sean
really knows how to work his skateboard
those combos were just ridiculous this
is all over on his brothers channel
Billy haning he sent me like a big thing
of footage and I was like dude I don't
think anyone could handle all this kid
you want some one split it in two videos
so look forward to another video because
it is amazing and the Ender like the
trick that's gonna be featured in the
next video you're gonna you're gonna do
something you're probably just gonna
stutter and walk away from your computer
and so good but if you want to see more
from billion-strong click this right
here and check out their channel
subscribe like it is ridiculous like the
consistent awesome content that Sean and
Billy puts out in my gosh I want to see
more of Sean so you guys should follow
suit and click that too if you want to
see more videos from me I do daily
videos click this right here is this
free to subscribe and you'll subscribe
and you'll be like cool and you'll get
on with your life but until next time
guys thank you for watching and go check
out Billie goodbye
you
