what cats don't make that noise what was
that
what's up guys a day in life 16 and a
lot of things on my schedule today and I
would be walking out of the door to do
them but I got no pants so I'm waiting
for my jeans together the dryer and then
I'm going I'm walking out the door and
gonna do a million things
oh yeah it's juicing day right here to
back pretty normal face for me right
there this is my veggie juice my fruit
juice is way better it is glorious
outside alright so I'm off I'm getting
such an early start that riding ones
even awake I go I usually get it ready
in the morning
set him off to daycare well as mom goes
to school to study to be a brain
scientist but I gotta get going so I've
got to go meet Dallas the skate park
which is weird because I never skate the
first thing in the morning but this is
what I'm doing right now got out of that
lyrical
what is up Dallas what's up man so I
have to meet Bryan at like 11:00 so we
have some time before that and I was
going to film him for his next phase of
his progression videos through three of
them you just found that out dude yeah
then we're gonna do three of them that's
why there was a one in the title today
and I might try to mess around - usually
when you get here in the morning like
this there's no one here but we've got a
few little guys running around on every
vehicle known to man the others and
scooters bikes freaking trampolines on
how you get trampled in the skate park
but their honor
yeah don't even let me get over to get
an angle right Yeah right
hi yeah it's awkward punch I've ever
landed what first try I don't think I've
ever done that trip to fakie in my life
actually but that was weird I was first
trout how boring is that it's not boring
a question skateboarding the morning
sucks I'm just gonna put that out there
three cheers for chicks moving one mile
an hour but new trick good way to start
the day right whoo first whatever first
180 on him
see not even you're progressing videos
you progresses ridiculous guess what I'm
doing today Brian Ames fill me Dan life
you wouldn't have a piece of chalk on
you would you
well I would have chalk give it your
father you have some chalk I don't know
dad just walk around with stock ever
more shocked to see that guy's parking
job yeah
I wonder where I want to draw a new
parking spot and put no parking in front
of it you've been thinking about this
for a while yeah I have I saw it and
then I was like I'm gonna do that it's
like right down the middle if there was
a line exactly I know so were you in New
York New York Cafe best place in town
and I'm juicing so I'm not gonna eat and
it's gonna suck you do that yourself
whoa
hey cool delicious-looking that looks
pretty darn tasty I'm ready
oh wait I can as I need any skin we
shoot him I need to be skinny right
gotta make a stop at the bank because
that's what you do when you're an adult
alright so it is work time we have to
learn a new shipping thing what we call
this bread ship station it's going to
make our lives Warner yeah but it's a
shipping procedure I don't know yeah you
hit print and everything everything good
life happens that sounds good so we're
doing that and then we're prepping for a
bank meeting we have today at 2 o'clock
and then we're doing orders so that's
what we're doing today and brian is in
my chair hopefully in the near future
like we will have boards just like in
stock at all times
that's scary yeah it almost it almost
did but I know you very first order
using the new way dude
it would works out really good I'm
psyched on this didn't do you know
you're gonna hit by a noodle
those get alright yeah I feel bad Dallas
come hit me
I feel bad thought that was a bush dude
hit don't stop stop stop hitting me and
hit me better hit me right right right
here like hard ah I don't even know what
2 plus 2 is anymore what you mess up in
my brain
post office post office all right so
we're going to post offices do orders
and then we aren't going to the bank
because I couldn't find last year's
taxes we reschedule that for next week
and then we're gonna go do some product
shots in skateboarding right right we
can do a skateboard trick right now I
don't know what shot you
apparently apparently you should do a
front shove it post office time sending
the robot myself talking to a camera
looking like I'm crazy
I'm going to go trying to nail a trick
for my video part it's actually one that
I already shot in a video and dating
life is the one we did at the river
I gotta girl Andy clean now so fingers
crossed pressures on I really hope you
land this I really do to brown happening
I want to be able to use that photo you
already shot I really really want to
please I am the king of nothing and not
Leonardo DiCaprio we're back at this
thing
that moment Rickman and I'm freaking
works for that gosh yes and he doesn't
want to do this but we're gonna make a
t-shirt out of the picture here's one
thing about I like widow tees now I do
though there did
all right names do about thank you for
filming you're welcome and I will see
you tomorrow
yes let's go skateboard some more and
actually let's do stuff that they can
watch all right we are under the bridge
Park I have no idea how many times I've
skated in my day and lives this is like
a best updated life it's just taking
places that I've already been to and
just really do it it is a good day now
let's do some skating
it's Instagram time I'm posting this big
you're taking it slowly if I gotta go
he has to go to school so he's taken
time to go home this guy has got to be
at a night class for college and I have
to go be with my family all right so I'm
stuck in traffic right now and I have a
phone call with my youtube rep so I have
to do it in the car it's gonna suck you
too what's up guys Andy is on the phone
with Google right now he can't even say
goodbye to me he can wave goodbye but he
can't say goodbye I'll see you guys in a
future video all right but I'm off the
phone with Google hope you guys enjoyed
Dallas trying to imitate me with the
camera but I actually just had some bad
news Britney and Ryden are totally not
feeling well they're getting fevers so
family is sick equals Andy stress but
I'm gonna go home and take care of my
family so come on with me guys all right
so I am home and the family is sleeping
right now the house is dead silence so
I'm gonna go try a shower because I feel
really gross and then I guess I'm gonna
work I usually hang out on the family
but right now I mean they're just
sleeping so I gotta let them sleep and
I'll fill you in what I'm doing and my
wife totally surprised me with a Captain
America fingerboard ornament thing she
rocks I love her and this is totally
going on the Christmas tree
hi-hi-hi boom shower done see I look
like a completely different person I've
cleaned up a little bit shaved taking
some hair off my face removed it and put
it somewhere else but I'm gonna get to
working right now I always in my life I
have a constant flow of work like I
could work from here until next week and
I still would not get done with what I
need to do so I'm gonna do that and then
I'm sure ridin will wake up here soon
I'll give him some dinner and hang out
with him that's the plan
Ken always running away in my videos and
sure enough little dudes moving around
throwing pillows being excited let's go
get them high feeling all right
you're pretty warm I missed you mmm
right on a scale from one to ten what
are you saying
okay yeah look I organize your toys so
don't mess them up too much
he will mess it up right away well
you're not acting sick that's good give
me 500 maybe our hope is that you're you
don't need that piece it's an orange you
like oranges is that good yeah
all right the two sick people are here
Wow pretty sure you just said the zip oh
wow all right yeah is that a skateboard
are you trying to ride it does it not
only think it's gonna work buddy what's
that right and this is how you get a
baby to pay attention to
oh thank you buddy
what all right so the little guy got a
bath and now he needs a good bit bubbles
bubbles from top buh-buh-buh-buh-buh you
go to sleep and get a rest
so there you guys go this day in the
life is wrapping up I cleaned up the
kitchen now I'm juicing and I'm gonna
put some videos online after this for
tomorrow and then I'm gonna play some
Zelda and go to bed
it was pretty fun day I hope you guys
enjoyed it go down there give this video
a thumbs up if you want to see more data
lifes because if you guys keep wanting
to see them I'll keep making them but
I'm gonna go so subscribe or get you
back in that would motivate me not
subscribe subscribe and get you back in
use you said you talk too much to eat
gzhel Pete's my point exactly
and the darkness fell Thomas had chuffed
and off all day double-clicking sticker
pack you already waited yes you said you
didn't wait well just sticker pack not
everything else okay so you have way
things yes Sun armors and sticker back
here filming Miran yeah I'm filming you
darn it you knew
you
