youtube what is up guys so i will bet
you five dollars that you have no idea
what i'm about to hold up not one of you
guess this you know what else you didn't
see coming uh-huh so I've been trying to
do an update video for a long time now
but I just like every week my life is
just so crazy like I feel like I'm just
bouncing everything around like I myself
I feel like a ball of juggle or what do
they call them like juggle balls and
people whatever they call them I feel
like I'm that I definitely have had a
chaotic schedule but I'm doing all right
you know like I just I just work a lot I
always have and I always will but for
the most part I've been enjoying my life
and that's the important part right
bhalo juggle that's a weird thing to say
one thing that is kind of sucked lately
is that my family is sick like both my
wife and they'll ride and I just have
fevers and or just like sleeping all day
and not feeling well so I've been having
to I stay at home and not work which is
awesome because like riding isn't acting
sick but he's acting fun and happy so I
get to be with him and yeah it's great
but it's just like comes time we're like
everyone you know it's bedtime and I'm
like I've got like a million things to
do because I didn't get to do anything
today so it's tough but that's what it
takes to be at husband and dad you know
you just have to man up and do what you
gotta do to get things done what are the
sig family my life's pretty good I
actually in playing video games the end
of every night I'm trying to beat
Skyward Sword finally I still haven't
beat that game I've been playing on and
off for like years now but yeah I play I
play video games you know my life is
getting better when I have time for
myself at the end of every night but the
revived world is cowboy oh there are
five world it's insane like is we're
selling so much stuff and I can't thank
you guys enough I know it's the same
update video same thing like you guys
rock all its up but really it is like it
keeps getting better better and better
the only thing that sucks is boards like
obviously you know what the situation is
like we get boards we sell out then we
have to wait a super long time because
the wood press we use is just like it's
just not as fast and is just they don't
even communicate with us like they used
to like everything is just kind of a
headache so hang in there where we're
working on it and hopefully here in a
couple months we'll get to the point
where like we have a constant supply in
um we are doing some things to better
the situation so hang in there i have
another batch of boards coming in in
about a week i think so by this time
next week we hope to have some decks for
you and it's not much it's like the
leftover we only got like half of the
shipment last time so it's going to be
like 80 boards or so but and right now
as I speak we actually have a bunch of
new shirts and I will show you a new
graphic about
one of my hands Bry names you show me we
throw me a shirt throw me shirt brand
names trying here trying trying trying
is that like a triple exhale my gosh
boom there it is I like this one it's
cool have a white shirt and this is a
classic graphic right so this is in the
store right now grab it because it's
going to go fast and we'll get another
short order in ASAP these shirts are a
little easier because they they can be
made faster we're also hard at work
filming for the video which will be out
by the end of the year everyone's
getting clips right now and it's awesome
it's cool to just be motivated to go out
street skating and get clips like it
just feels so good hang in there the
revived video will be out by end of the
year like I just said and I'm gonna put
a trailer together here pretty soon so
watch out for it and get freaking
psyched but next year next year is the
big year for a vibe okay because we're
gonna have the warehouse that is
happening because we're just rocking
that much we're also going to try to
film a TV series and what we're gonna do
is we're going to film the holes first
season and we're gonna try to pitch it
to I'm not gonna say what I'm doing but
we're gonna film an entire season of a
TV show based on like the like running
revive and the goofy stuff we get into
more news on that as it happens but
that's not going to be until next year
to really start seeing stuff from that
either way I'm very very excited about
the revived world it's just a like a
dream come true that I'm actually like
making a career out of skateboarding
goofing off and this like it's so
awesome Brian Ames thank you for helping
out Brian Brian Ames is my dude in this
yup yeah but outside the revived world I
want to talk about movies and such
because everyone I never get to see him
anymore like there are so many good
movies out there this year and I just
haven't got to watch I'm really trying
to work on it but Marvel is making a
ant-man movie which yeah if you're like
me you don't know who ant-man is i guess
like the comics are kind of popular but
the first thing i think when i hear
ant-man i'm like that is the cheesiest
thing ever and I stop for a second and
realize that all superheroes are pretty
cheesy i mean like spider-man just as
weird as a man that's like the same
exact thing Batman like if someone came
up to you and you never know who Batman
was like a man I made him a superhero
yeah what was he I'm gonna name him
Batman like really wants your name in a
cat uncle how about that that'd be cool
so yeah all super your names are pretty
cheesy and Marvel's doing it so I'm
open-minded for ant-man I'm gonna see
him crawl around like an ant and pick up
cars and thrown I don't know what he's
gonna do like what is what it went I
guess super sharing this wood ants to
Brian but what movie I'm not missing
this
here is the hobbit 2 i'm gonna watch it
and things are gonna it's going to rain
happiness i'm gonna walk outside there'd
be rainbows kittens like sunshine just
falling out of the sky but yeah this is
pretty much what I expected except that
better not see the hobbit during the day
because that's weird watching movies
during the day but in my life I got some
trips coming up I have a weekend trip to
gatlinburg was gonna be awesome i'm
going to relax and enjoy life to the
extent of Maximus I'm doing another
philly trip for one more skate trip to
fill for the video so that's gonna be
awesome i could go to philly like every
month and i would be happy because it's
my favorite skate city ever it's so good
but I'm gonna wrap this video up you
guys because I got people waiting to go
skateboard and I got to get going so uh
stay tuned for videos videos to come I
have a dating life 16 tomorrow um and
then we're going to start filling for we
are avenged 39 so you'll see that
probably by the end of the month if not
early October it is coming and I
actually have some skits all the way so
I'm really excited about that I'm going
to keep my lips sealed on what they're
about and I'm gonna be filming prank
videos more often because i have a
dallas to help me out what with filming
so it's gonna be awesome good times are
coming thank you for watching my videos
guys I will see you in the future how
should I end this I don't even know how
to end this clip though I got it forget
it haha you're really come on all right
all right all right all right come on
so you know I just acted an idiot for
the camera and it works here is the
hobbit 2 i'm gonna watch it and I'm
gonna I'm gonna snap no not gosh I love
going to Philadelphia I could go once a
month and I'd be happy about it saying
my favorite skeet skeet skeet it's my
favorite skit I'm an idiot actually all
right guys you're not follow you know
trying to video nerd was just talking
away I never do update videos with
people in the room this is why sasa mean
bride hi Sega Thomas hey how's it going
Rodney so yep three people Jake oh
there's no Jake you made that person up
Brian you really gotta Chucky's at my
head okay all right like right here just
bash him okay Brian look doesn't hurt
gosh oh this is an outtake right here
you just sucking it throwing back I'm
hitting you fine
you
