ah
this is a 720 he did what did you do
with your life I've got anything Drebin
morning how many people can say that is
720 like like when you got home from
school today did your mom be like hey
how was school like home it was great my
mind is 720 know that did not happen and
then in fact unless you're Kyle Krause
that never happens as most of you guys
know that this was in we are avenged 38
but sometimes like ridiculous tricks
happen to my videos or my okay I have to
put the raw footage up so yeah I threw
in some attempts and here you are that
was cow coughs doing a 720 out of a
quarter pipe I don't care how you do a
720 like anyway you get it done where
you go into the air and do to complete
spins you're awesome you're awesome all
the way all day every day all over the
place so thumbs up for Kyle Krauss
because he is a machine and he almost
had a 902 like I literally just
witnessed him like actually stick it all
the way around by didn't roll away he is
one heck of a skateboarder he is so good
but this is actually a shred cast
reminder video we're actually doing
Shrek cast every other Thursday so when
you see an announcement video that's the
night we're doing shred cast it's going
to be five o'clock pacific standard time
it's a podcast about skateboarding and
whatever randomness we talk about it has
myself like ninja bass with Doug does
tails and josh katz it's a good time hit
us up at shred cast calm and you have a
chance like communicate with us in the
chat and whatnot while it happens if you
miss it it'll be under YouTube gym so
tuning guys and I'm going to juice some
grapefruit you guys can do this with me
you put the grapefruit in here okay and
then you put this on all right usually
you have two hands
the show and Josh can't pass with it
