what's up guys so I decided to do a
question and answer video just to put my
book because it's been out for a couple
months and I have never I haven't done
one of these so it's about time right if
you want a real book and haven't you
might not want to watch this video I'm
not gonna pick questions that spoil
anything but you know if you want to
read a book and just have like a clear
slate and not expect anything then don't
watch this video also I've had a lot of
people ask me if they can get a signed
copy of my book and I actually don't
physically ship my book out but I
ordered some in and I only have like
eight of them right now because I didn't
know how well they would sell so if any
you guys want to get a signed copy of my
book there will be a link to a specific
store right down there and you can grab
a copy and I'll personalize it just
right you're like what you want me to do
in the notes section of your order and
yeah if these sell out I'll get a
handful more in and I'll keep selling
this way but um I just I hated saying no
to people it's like I truly have no way
of signing your book so there you guys
go if you want to get a copy on book get
it from the store down below and it'll
be signed if not you can go to Andy
strathcom that's the best way to buy it
just the normal way if that makes sense
but if you get a signed copy make sure
you put your name in the note section so
I know who to write like my little thing
too so uh there you go that's let's do
questions right now I have to answer
this question first right off the bat
Kevin asks one of it is real I've had
that question in my mind since I read it
well the book I've always said is like a
work of fiction mainly because I didn't
want people like reading and be like oh
my gosh who did this and that I didn't
want people to relate it to people in
real life because like every character
in the book is based on someone in real
life but when it comes to like my story
the book is like 98% of like how my life
happened the events in the book are like
an exact replica of what happened in my
life or I like rework them just to fit
to the story but like I mean I didn't
change anything that like was a majorly
affected the story at all so I changed
things that were like just kind of keep
the story flowing without confusing you
guys too much so I mean if you read the
book aside from the ending the last
chapter is
reworked so they kind of like have an
impact on the reader that's I'm not
talking about that but everything up to
the last chapter is like exactly how my
life went down kind of more or less so
don't I mean don't read it and be like
oh my gosh and he said this at this time
it sound like that but it gives you a
good idea of exactly what I went through
Tim a junior asks will there be a sequel
about your life now and have you thought
about doing a movie and I'll be awesome
if someone made a movie I'm not gonna do
it personally but I'd be open to the
idea in I don't know if there's gonna be
a sequel about my life right now I I
feel like there's four phases of my life
like eras if you may and I kind of want
to write a book about all four of those
times in my life the first one being
yesterday erased and I don't know if I'm
gonna release them all that's kind of
like firm or like personal reasons but I
really think there would be another book
about my life out there like I don't
know which one it's gonna be but stay
tuned I definitely have more books I've
written which are not about my life but
I'm not done writing in the very least
like I want to end up on a beach
somewhere writing books eventually my
dude Daniel polish le asks is Wes in the
story Wes Pritchard also Alex peed no
they came on later in life I knew who
they were and at that period of time but
I never skated with him a lot you know
if I write more about my life they'll
probably be in the future books John
says we're at the end of the book
doesn't begin to be untrue and it's
pretty much like the last chapter in a
lot of ways I mean that's exactly what I
was feeling and what I was kind of going
through but it definitely did not happen
exactly how it goes down in the book but
I'm not gonna like really elaborate on
that right now but I'll do another
question-answer video where I say like
hey you know I will say whatever answer
whatever question right now I don't want
to say too much because a lot of people
haven't gotten the book yet so uh to be
continued Adam says did you really make
a skate team and produce and sell videos
do you really sell a lot and get sort of
famous yes I wouldn't I'm gonna say
famous but people will noticed us on the
streets we came to school with like a
hundred to two hundred skate videos and
sold out within one day we had like
$1,600 to two thousand dollars and we
bought a handful of skateboards you got
those made it was nuts like it was crazy
in high school
and yeah like we went to Californian
people knew who we were like on the
others other country so yes that's
exactly how it happened in real life
Matthew says is it gay
so everyone going to Facebook and I
guess maybe someone needs to talk to
Matthew Classen because he's had some
insecurities about sexuality in books I
don't know Tanner says when did you
first think has to write a book about my
life well I was very very depressed um
and I was just going through this time
in my life actually when I started
writing the book was kind of like the
end of the book like when you read the
book and you get to the end you're like
all right so that's when he started
writing this but I had I was reading
Harry Potter in the time and like a
Harry Potter just blew me away I was
like oh my gosh is the best book ever so
I was like you know what it made me want
to write so I was like I got to write
this story that everything that I just
went through growing up so that's how it
went down Kendrick says can you show a
picture of Mike and I'm not going to
show a picture of Mike I will talk to
him and if he's ok with it I'll do it in
my next question answer video of
yesterday erased but I will say that he
is on my channel somewhere so some of
you people might know who he is up there
but right now I'm not gonna say them or
show everything
JD Beaver says why don't I have this
book and it's because you did not
purchase it or borrow it from a friend
or I guess steal it would be the other
option don't steal it though bark from a
friend or buy it one of those doing John
McDonald asks has West's been in any of
your videos if so which one yes he was
in a day in life that is all I will say
but it's not West prettier no probably a
million people are confused about that
what's pritchard is not the book Amanda
Marie says when do you plan on selling
all your fan boys and girls who sky is
you should publish that story
immediately and she is a friend and she
knows who sky is that's from another
book or a serious that I wrote which is
on the back burner right now so Amanda
sit tight she's actually read the book
already but uh so one day you guys will
hear about my other writing project but
right now my lips are sealed and so is
hers unless you ask her she might tell
you I don't know Ricky says was your
wife in the book no she was not in that
era well she kinda was in that era but
she wasn't in my life at the time and
she will be in a future book which will
be a lot happier and brighter Joseph
says what Nate what made you name
yourself drew Thomas
and honestly because my name is actually
Andrew I just are like sure I'll name
Andrew and then I got Thomas because I
really looked up to Jamie Thomas at the
time he's one of my favorite
skateboarders growing up so I just
honestly it is weird that's really how I
just threw it together so drew Thomas
that worked
Jordan says was a hard to keep
motivating yourself to continue to write
did you ever want to give up and it took
me a long time to write it but now I
never want to give up I was I mean it's
an awesome experience writing a book
like and you're attached to it and
you're invested in it and when you
finally write it and finish it it's just
like one of the coolest feelings you
ever experienced in your life so uh it's
definitely hard but you just gotta make
sure you write a little bit no matter
what every single day you sit down and
write every single day so uh that's what
kept me going is having like kind of a
schedule I would be up to like 3 a.m. 4
a.m. 5 a.m. a lot of times you coming to
hang out are you alright you can do that
Chris asks was out in the book Bryan
Ames or what characters in the book to
represent who and yes Bry names is the
one person that I've actually came out
and said ow is Bryan Ames in the book so
I you could probably tell that kinda if
you read the book and I mean I mean his
name is al beams and then Brian's name
is Brian Ames like it's pretty obvious
but uh that's Bry names and I'm proud to
say that he's been my brother for a long
time alright and last question pjmartin
asks a few here actually he says was a
backside boardslide really your first
trick and why'd you decide to end it the
way you did also you said you have
written other books are they anything
like this one okay first off backside
boardslide was my first trick if you
don't I mean I used to like put the
board upside and make it spin as I
jumped up and landing back on it but
like my first trick that I meant to do
boardslide yes I decided to end it the
way I did because I really wanted to
have an impact on the reader like I feel
like if a book just you read it and then
you're just like oh okay well that was
cool I liked it I mean there's something
wrong yeah you got to read a book and
you got to like close it and you just
got to be like I got to think about that
you know like so I wanted to have an
impact and that's why I ended it the way
I did and then about my other books I
written a fantasy series of written
three books so far in it and it's gonna
be a total of five books I believe it's
about like a war on earth between demons
and angels
they like recruit humans and I mean you
know me I'm like a big nerd I'm into
like Final Fantasy I'm into Star Wars
more rings Harry Potter all that stuff
so I wrote my own fantasy series and
it's it needs a lot of work so it's on
the back burner for now but one day if
you stay with my channel long enough
you'll hear about it it's called end of
days
that's the series but that's it guys I
wanted to thank everyone who's bought my
book and said all the nice things like I
get so much awesome feedback on it and
it really is like one of the things that
just makes me feel really good because I
want my book to get out there and just I
don't know it's just a really cool
feeling to to know that it's actually
helping people out there so thank you
guys for supporting me and help
spreading the word and sharing it with
your friends and everything you do but
if you want to know more about my book
I'll link you to like one of the videos
that I when I first released it so
there'll be a link at the end of this
but for now I'm gonna go also my
facebook will be right down there I'll
do another one of these in a couple
months or so and I'll answer whatever
question you guys have oh no I will hold
no fact unturned I'm done talking
goodbye
