dallas/fort what's up this is your video
it is yeah it's good to do what's up
guys so I want a little bit just want
Alice cuz I basically started skating in
the beginning this year and I've just
kind of watched him for grass like right
in front of me and you guys have to just
watching my videos so this is just a
video kind of documenting like how much
he's progressed showing you his skating
lately and I'm really happy to make this
video because he's my bud he's my friend
and he deserves some recognition so
here's some of his skateboarding of
recent watch and enjoy
thank you for watching my video guys I
hope you guys enjoyed it if you want to
see more that hit this right here you're
gonna get more skateboarding skits
pranks whatever randomness I come up
with it's free so click it subscribe or
die you're getting cramped like this too
I get caked on a regular basis you're
done that was a chocolate one subscribe
for more stuff like this dirt
you
and you just did your face again my
head's throbbing you're bleeding Tommy
concussion you probably don't have you
your face sit down ok I soo hits your
face ready back yeah we're all gonna die
by the time we leave here we're all dead
you
