yes Oh get over here get over here don't
roll away don't roll away I told you I
was gonna throw it if you landed it
that's not
stay up come here
go get it gonna get it it was there one
elephant he meant to throw my board
that's how it works he tries to get
revenge it he doesn't even do it sorry
but you're here all right oh now you got
the right bored I'm gonna stop you I'm
gonna stop you yeah it was i'm better
I'm just kidding I'm not I'm not better
than anybody you want me to throw your
board yes ok ok you ready now I'm gonna
go get it back I'm not gonna do that to
you are you getting it are you got you
expect him you gotta run tho you gotta
run you gotta run he needs it right now
ah thanks bud there you go here's my
pleasure you think I can scare with this
oh oh yeah you think I get him I've
never got I'm horrible this thing that I
never get anybody I scared you I
actually scared somebody I'm sorry I'm
sorry you're the victim but I've been
trying have you watched my videos I'm
worried I've been trying to scare
somebody with this is a mirror image 5 I
get to be there the first firm that got
scared thank you buddy where the
balloons yeah we're the balloons how
about you balloons not bad but I Palma
thanks for watching my video guys too
hope your eyeballs enjoyed it if you
want to see more videos for me then boom
hit them right there that will subscribe
you to my channel you get more
skateboarding skits Frank's whatever
random aside come up with really plus
it's free to subscribe to get daily
videos from me get on it guys
Golf Club hahaha bowling pin get weird
stuff like it
and right here devastation the Joker and
Batman had like a showdown scared this
lady when they were doing it she ran
away so here right now is where they
film the dark knight while a part of the
dart night where the semi-truck like the
Joker pulls the sandwich oh he's like
boom smash is over and Batman gets the
out is like hey Joker why don't you come
and bring it when the chokers like you
got to kill me he's like no I'm not
gonna kill you that happened right here
which is pretty cool because like I feel
like I could be in a lot of movies spots
but this is like one of the coolest
because the dark knight is raw it's so
good we also have ferris bueller's day
off yeah don't you dare ya i won't say
you
