so there you guys go I always like to
put Doug on my channel because every
time he steps on a skateboard great
things happen in the world this is the
wrong dude you need the wrong youtube
channel all right so now that I've got
my swearing I i want to say Sam Taber is
a great guy and I like him and I talked
to talk too harsh to but Doug just
destroyed would work on a skateboard
like Woodward came up and they're like
hey Doug what you got brought and Doug
was like you know what I got this then
we ran home they were like you know what
I don't have money for the lemonade
stand any more so with that said
subscribe to Doug's channel which is
right here for more amazing
skateboarding like he is so I say this
every time a Doug video comes on but
every time I see Doug skating is like
it's fantastic so check it out and if
you don't wanna click that I'll be right
down the info more videos coming soon
subscribe for daily ones and i'll talk
to you guys in the future hit it hit it
yeah that's right Sam
