alright guys so I was at the grocery
store last night and I totally saw this
product are you kidding me pigs feet how
many uses are there in the world for
pigs feet honey you know the soup could
use yeah get some pigs feet I personally
just kind of like pigs feet in my cereal
but seriously I mean have you ever known
anybody in the whole world that was like
hey we need some pigs feet let's go to
the grocery store I know there is a
handful of people in the world that
actually know what these are used for
and maybe I could have picked up the jar
and educated myself or googled it's 2013
but I thought this was a funny product I
mean like if anything I bet you this
product just like just is there to
horrify children gets right next to the
pizza rolls in the toaster strudels
seriously imagine you being like six
years old you just got a Superman action
figure and some candy and you're just
site you know you're like my gosh this
is a good day and then you see pigs feet
just sitting there on the shelf you're
like all right well my nightmares have
been penciled in for the next two years
you know this probably is this is
probably like the person who orders
things for the grocery store they're
like hey let's just have a shelf that
completely horrifies little children
because on the other side of the shelf
there are pickled eggs which maybe don't
horrify children but they're weird you
know I mean they're pink I mean heck
that was probably just like a breast
cancer product that didn't sell so
they're like all right let's just call
him pickled eggs and put them on the
shelf and forget about him and just
let's not talk about it ever again also
these pigs feet would double as the
worst Christmas present ever so if you
don't like someone get them pigs feet
because if I open that up here's this
morning I would just scream drop it run
away like that alright cool I'm done I
am done with Christmas forever I saw
that I thought I make this goofy video
guys give this video a thumbs up if you
think that's super weird and yeah be on
the lookout next time you're in a
grocery store try to find pigs feet
it'll be like the where's waldo grocery
stores and i want you guys to take a
second to think like what's weirder
having pigs feet in a jar of the grocery
store or a dude walking behind a grocery
store talking about peace feet pics be
still weirder least I'm gonna tell him I
this off that because I'm the weird guy
walk down to go to store
and a new story has developed here
behind the girls store okay Carly hates
Matt a lot look she was walking around
hating matches you know what I'm gonna
tell the world I'm gonna ride it on the
back of grocery store in like a green
cran I want to be honest Carly I think
I'm the only person to ever have read
your message
you
