what's up guys so I'm sending up a new
skateboard today so I thought I was like
you know well I might as well make a
video of it because you guys like to see
this sort of thing I'm skating my first
revive deck this is the we are revive
graphic it's an 8 inch this is the first
time I'm actually skater if I'm deck
because the first batch we got in it
sold out so fast that I was like well I
don't need a board I might as well sell
mine so one more person the world can
have it and I would be skating at eight
point one to five but dug randomly said
hey man I want to get a pole one two
five so I gave him mine and I'm gonna
skate neat because I like eights just as
well these are an awesome size this has
a medium concave it's a pretty standard
shape it's perfect I love this deck so
I'm gonna put all this together and then
I'm gonna do some tricks on my new
skateboard and hopefully you guys are
entertained by this house awkward wasn't
it yeah I am skating a pair of Orion
trucks that you've had for a while and
they've been treating me really well
those are some revived prototype wheels
so hopefully those will come in a
holiday season inside those I have super
red bearings which have been great so
far I can't complain then I have some
silver Auto Hardware I really love these
because those silver bolts are boom
right there telling you where the front
of your board is you don't got to think
about it and I always skate shock pads
because these are just I feel like these
are better they prevent stress cracks
and it just kind of adds to the
stability of your skateboard and for my
grip tape I have Jessop which I've been
using for I don't know how long a really
long time and it's always treated me
well and I got a new pair of America
shoes these are maroon I wish they were
a little more red but I love this shoe
I'm really psyched on them
and boom we are done here I'm gonna do
some tricks on this thing and hopefully
land them that's the that's the point
right
all right so boom there you guys go a
few tricks I love this setup I'm like
the one dude in the world that actually
loved his new shoes new skateboard so
there you guys go
stay tuned for more videos I'll see you
in a few to the chair thank you for
watching my video guys I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you want to see more that
hit this right here you're gonna get
more skateboarding skits pranks whatever
randomness I come up with it's free so
click it subscribe or die
you get cramped like this too I get
caked on a regular basis that was the
chocolate one subscribe for more stuff
like this dirt
alright guys what's up I am doing a bass
Masha
