hey what a surprise alex is mooching
what I'm doing maxima Berra serious yeah
dude do it man it's just for video
nobody cares about well then you may you
start making us care about it by
flipping in I'm gonna so Thomas is over
there with his headphones in and he
never ever can talk while skating
because he's always listening to some
random song you don't reply to me within
three seconds you're off the team he's
off the team ok this is to get back on
her vibe yeah all right oh that's pretty
good i didn't say too if you do it again
you rack off the team then you'd have to
come up another way to put you back on
the table welcome to welcome to the team
Thomas I'm congrat it's good to have you
yes this is a bad idea one that doesn't
help my headache to it just like peeled
my finger back does official i said i
love you can see it hi i might go
crawling the grass and cry for a little
bit and try to regain my head fine you
got a deal again success Zulu camera
here
that's how I clap that was that good ah
he blooded me man
pay close attention to his Bob Marley
t-shirt it says one love but I'm feeling
multiple loves from Thomas today ah
that's for your heel
looks like bear pee dude
you'd cut your face open either Nick
Nick huh who does that who does that
that is totally good enough to not be
good enough for the video
song here we'll have you heard that one
song where's like can my friends do this
but then again I written through that
but a girlfriend spoiled instead of that
battle of a little high I can do friends
go boom well looky here can your friends
go abracadabra lateral rapidly I'm mega
president's up here I think I may be
heard that one it's an Aladdin yeah yeah
baby it's an Aladdin I it's like 100
degrees in this car yeah even if we
watch the ladder degrees
you
