all right what's up guys so sometimes
you're at the skate park and Scott
McPherson and he's trying the craziest
dropping in the world yep that's that's
how crazy is you didn't even know what's
happening oh oh my gosh right when you
get here just slips out what that mean
cut like boxing ah how was it Oh max
totally made that such a loud clear that
was it thanks man I was so good
but thank you for watching my video guys
I hope you guys enjoyed it if you want
to see more that hit this right here
you're gonna get more skateboarding
skits pranks whatever randomness I come
up with it's free so click it subscribe
or die
you're getting crap like this too I get
caked on regular basis oh that was a
chocolate one subscribe for more stuff
like this dirt
I could have filmed that way better too
I chopped your head off like I was a
samurai ninja dude what a stupid thing
to say you hear that I mean it wasn't
I'm too harsh myself
you
