fried bread watches without hitting a
piece of bamboo oh man I don't know I
was I was thinking about going out but
it's like if she's gonna be that way I
wouldn't want to see her you know I'm
talking to you really you're not gonna
say anything this time you start
skateboarding ready give me five yeah
your penguin give me five give me five
again
give me five again is that what you
think when you look at me what gave you
up I don't want to sing this song home
sing all right run I've successfully
created the funnest thing ever go do it
there's like 20 pillows here even I want
to dive into it
dun-dun-dun-dun I think we should
probably let that that should be the
best extreme we get because your mommy
would be like he's gonna bump his head
even with pillows I can put 10 helmets
on you and moms would still worry what
do I say oh that's what you got to say
mm-hmm look at our you take washed up
I love you yeah what if what sound is
Brockie make it makes you sound because
the t-rex goes like that but a
Brachiosaurus probably goes like yeah do
you think so that was a bad t-rex
impression I know but if I could just
like not be embarrassed I could do it
really good oh yeah
you
