I think it's happening oh no you don't
you get that on anything right yeah my
fault I thought I was gonna have you got
even read haha I don't care how crappy
that's how Atlantis well it's here first
you're learning it dude be as messy as
you want brother okay high five you fell
for it again cause he landed not 2 you
landed that was the worst way to get
onto this skateboard Oh tree what what
you were thinking let's try to do it my
way it was good well yeah I like I
admire that it didn't work though you
got it oh alright guys so I don't know
if Thomas is gonna land this but I had
to make this video to tell you that our
skateboards are in stock these are going
to go fast just like last time so grab
one while you can and we're getting such
like a heavy volume of orders right now
that our decks are promised to ship
within like two to three business days
we'll probably get it out the next
business day but worst case scenario we
ship them out like two business days or
three business days so grab one way you
can and yeah we already have another
order in so we'll let you know as soon
as they're back in stock we're getting
to bigger orders so hopefully we won't
be out of stock eventually but I mean
we're just I can't thank you guys enough
we are rocking so much that we just
can't keep stuff in stock right now so
uh yeah skateboards are in I'm gonna go
give Thomas one more try so he could
actually high-five me cuz he doesn't get
too high-five meet early as a trick one
more one more try
ah alright guys give this video a thumbs
up so he can high-five me nope not yet
you got is a weird face your maker don't
touch me not because the face just don't
touch me yeah sweaty mess you got it
though hit it just kidding oh and five
lucky people who order are gonna get
free pair of sunglasses except they're
gonna be red not blue they've IP blue
you don't know but they're probably be
read music Tom Tennant and it didn't
whatever house it goes
yes I was literally just gonna hand it
to you well at least it went the right
way
you
