I approved man I was your science
teacher I would not give you a good
grade because skateboarding doesn't have
to do with science but I'll be happy I'd
be happy we are here with addicts beauty
you seem to be trying to maneuver scape
with I've never seen him do he's gonna
do it start landing and stop not landing
welcome back to make a man's good to see
it's good to be back stadion man Oh
sloppy landings sloppy landings for
holiday standings at rhyme it didn't
make sense though sometimes I just drop
rhymes just for the sake of it
geez the what what what bad do you have
disabled then no youyou preempted that
high five I think we do that a lot we
don't even notice it but it was worth it
i would have high-fived you man that was
good say congratulations Alex well
congratulations Alex I'm very proud of
your mouth
oh right you trying to make my new
series slammer land slamming land Wow
sit down your watched Victoria's Secrets
no no Little House on the Prairie here
watch that Wow yes that's cool
you
