thank you oh I think Iraq you just hit
me
thank you
you just totally ignored Dallas I did
the major nose so itchy and leave my
eyes they're lighter all accounts I feel
like windmills have replaced cows all
the highways
it was the dumbest thing ever
as you can see Sam can't do much on a
mini-ramp and in fact he quite blows at
it and the most impressive trick he can
do is the staple gun
people use a lot of things to cut the
grip tape but it doesn't really matter
as long as it's sharp and precise so
let's do this happy birthday happy
birthday
I hope you have a good day at work have
a nice day happy birthday alright so a
part of you like that you either laughed
or smiled or some part of your body was
like I'm glad that I'm watching this
because that is the magic that is Sam
Taber we recently brought him board as a
part of the revived family and I could
not be happier about this he was a
perfect fit for the team and ever since
day one I've just seen him progress and
like just pour his heart and soul into
everything he does right now there's an
hour and 45 minutes and he like
literally drives up just to stay with us
still to this day and of course you know
revived house out of gas but I mean even
if we weren't he'd be doing it like he
is that committed and motivated and has
that much integrity so I wanted to make
this video and say guys check out his
channel okay what you just saw is what
he does and he's got more of it coming
so click that right there and go check
out Sam's Channel it's amazing stuff and
I am just happy to have him on board I
don't want to say welcome to the team
officially we announced it last
we are Evangel button welcome it's the
video that I'm saying this you know I'm
saying so uh yeah I'm gonna stop being
squished by this and musics gonna happen
subscribe to Sam
