you too what is up guys so who are your
favorite type of people in this world
rude people
no that is absolutely not the right
answer watch this clip PS this has some
language you probably don't care but I'm
warning you alright for all those people
that want to be warned are you kidding
me I mean granted you know my friend and
I were kind of being punks in a way
alright where I was more so what are you
really understand that to a couple 15
year-olds like she literally said
nothing to us she just came out said
that like you're gonna get blah blah
blah really you're gonna like treat me
with that little of respect you know
like I said I was kind of being punished
by just laying on the ground saying all
my mouth but like I didn't really know
what was happening I was just kind of
being goofy at the time like if she
would have just like calmly said hey
please leave I would've been like okay
I'm sorry and the fact is we weren't
actually like skating that place we were
kind of just passing through and she
kind of just burst out of there when I
fell and I was laying on the ground but
I was watching this footage on the
computer the other day and I was just
got like I am like really like how can
you as an adult like treat a kid like
that like I was 15 years old and you're
gonna say that to him well come on and
granted she might be used some kids just
being punks to her like yelling and
cursing but we were not that type of
people she just assumed that we were
just like you know kid teenage scum or
whatever so this is absolutely not the
way you kick somebody out and in any way
in life like if you're gonna talk to
someone have some respect like
especially if they have not shown you
disrespect like they she had no idea
that we would have talked to her
respectfully so go down there and give
this video a thumbs up if you feel me on
this and honestly I'm gonna give my two
cents if someone's kicking you out even
if they're being rude or nice like just
be respectful okay a lot of times if you
just say like hey I'm sorry you know I'm
just trying to film this clip for
something like a lot of times they'll
just be nice enough like okay hey you
know what skate don't worry about it or
just ask him like a we'll be out of here
can I just have like five more tries on
this or something like more times than
not they're gonna say like oh okay this
person is a human being I'll let them
skateboard so there's my two cents
everyone getting kicked out just be nice
it's it works out for the best more
times than not and for everybody out
there that is gonna kick out
skateboarders like have a heart gzip
it's like you yelling at them is not
gonna make the whole situation better
like you should be the better person to
it even if there are Punk skateboarders
you know
cursing at your door or whatever just
like my gosh this is the cheesiest video
of all time right like everyone just be
happy and I just I just turn into a
hippy skateboarder did I nothing wrong
with hippies I'm not I'm now I'm just
digging myself a hole nothing wrong with
anybody I'm done talking before I make
myself look like a more idiot look like
a more idiot so subscribe for more daily
videos I'm just you know what I'm just
gonna kick you guys out of this video
I've done it before I'm gonna do it
again okay get out of here before you
get ran over on your computer chair or
your iPhone or whatever you're watching
this on your ti-83 people still use
those
this is the truth wasps are definitely
the star destroyers of the insect world
that would make bees at the Millennium
Falcon and uh wait do we like bees what
kind of insects do we like to be like
insects are they gross I mean I know the
ones in Australia or they're like this
big and they have like 80 legs they have
more than any legs because they're
called centipedes all right this is too
philosophical goodbye
