humming all right while we build those
 yeah that's good I was loud I heard
that my deaf here we got this up Wow
dude you are really good at that fall
specifically Helen I know got this you
think he's got this nothing he does do
know you got it yeah success success
time what I was so good i miss not five
dude did you see that he literally just
did a pressure flip 50 shove it out and
in Damon act like he was a big deal like
if I did that trick I would just be like
for like 10 minutes straight and he's
just like yeah that's right it's a
bridge buh buh buh shove it out but that
really is just calc craftspeople he is a
freakin magician on a skateboard he does
tricks that I'm like well that was an
illusion because there's no way someone
can do then I actually have a lot more
kyle crowds coming so stay tuned he'll
be in this weekend's we want revenge but
this is actually just a shred cast
reminder video we do shred cast every
thursday at five o'clock pacific
standard time i just put on the Cameron
I'm sorry but your guest is a
skateboarding podcast that I do with
bass quit black ninja Doug just tells
and josh katz and we talk about random
things skateboarding that's really fun
so tune in live and you can ask us
questions if you miss it you can find it
here on youtube on one of our channels
so that is this and we got some Doug
this video subscribe for more daily
videos and take it away like ninja
singing
Josh can't pass with it
