are you freaking kidding me that was
like I'm not even going to try to
describe that that was just amazing I
just described it didn't I but this is
the third video of Marathon I've had on
my channel and I'm just honored to show
you guys this caliber of skateboarding
Orion sent me this and I was like yes
I'm gonna upload it because more people
need to watch this with their eyeballs
like my gosh he is so so talented and he
needs to be known by everybody because
he's one of the best dudes out there
right now I will go put the Facebook to
Orion trucks and Marik's actual like
skateboarding page and yeah go tell them
how awesome he is tell them then he is
still a good if you guys know what I
mean by that but if you think this is
the proper way to skateboard go down
there and give this video a thumbs up
because I personally do they knows what
to do with the skateboard but watch out
here for more daily skate videos and
whatever randomness I get into and how
what are you that I did not even eat
this whole time I just swung it around
like a baton yeah now they're gonna
watch this video me like wow I really am
annoyed that didn't eat it
