good girl this is a very touching moment
but you wanted to perform some
skateboard tricks yeah all right your
get there how many hang out your dog for
a saying hey good hey babe babe babe her
name is babe how you doing you think
he's gonna weigh in these tricks with
please don't make out with me keep gzel
dude like a freaking tumbled up God
whatever that means I will take that
that was a week what are you ought to
make fun we'll have five who's the one
two three four five six give me 5-10 no
Montana i get i get 10 high six a wild
chase appears haha i felt the wind of
your heel flip dude can you believe how
close that was yeah that was pretty good
I can't believe you didn't kick the
camera I would have been awesome you to
kicked it and then landed it we would
have got it on film crazy trick that's a
video in itself isn't it Oh closest
camera filming in the whole world first
try first try that really was first
shadows get our Thomas congratulations
on your tricks think two things though
okay don't kick me in the face while
filming and get new wheels I know right
other than that good trick Ridge first
time I first paycheck goes two wheels
good trickery right here first paycheck
okay all right we'll say something
you
only the same exact one
