I like to fall even with the camera's
not on yeah you really do Thomas just
throwing rocks
we disable the time
I was getting third Brad to see what
Brad Pitt is calling there's nothing on
prejudice kissy lips like this landed
and run into me all right well now that
was good job I was awesome show run
thinking know how to escape
Oh
whoa all right guys it is finally here
Oh how's your freaking testicles do this
park is the death of everything you
landed in this look at it it's a big
hole I could definitely feel that I
landed in yeah they're like hey let's
build a skate park on the Grand Canyon's
brother doesn't make sense
oh my gosh being on the swing is a
horrible idea I'm all right now that the
Sun is not kicking me in the face what's
up guys that was a montage of all the
scrap clips that never made it into ER
avenges and you may feel like you've
seen some of those clips but that's
probably because we redid the trick or
you know you just it's a familiar thing
but these actually have never been on my
channel these are ever on Alex's channel
who recently hit 20,000 subscribers so I
just want to say congratulations but if
you guys aren't subscribed to Alex you
need to okay every time we do we are
avenged the end of it there's a there's
a link to watch the bonus clips on
Alex's channel so you should really go
over boom hit this right here BAM and
get subscribed to Alex okay cuz every
time one of these happens it's right
there his channel and you'll be on your
inbox and also he has some of the best
content ever it's really funny weird
witty stuff that he does and he is the
master of all many boards seriously he's
so talented he does daily videos so
check it out and go tell him congrats
for twenty thousand if you guys want to
see another one of these for the scraps
of season for that we're on now but it's
going to end here soon give this video a
thumbs up so I'm gonna go guys uh you
guys can come with me though I mean it
might like if I go like this it might
look like you're hanging out with me
like hey so what you want to do man oh
no we should you want to go putt putting
I'll got torn down you're right all
right I'm done goodbye
you
