food time eat really okay
yeah sorry and then serve a freaking
filet mignon daughter what's up guys
this is a daily like 15 and does my
first day being back to work after my
honeymoon so uh I don't know if my brain
can contemplate all this because it's
kind of hard to wrap my mind around like
getting back into my life but I'm gonna
do it and honestly today is mostly gonna
be skateboarding I think I got some
revive work to do and then little
skateboard and then have family time
let's do this look who got up before I
went to go get him did mommy get you up
boy boy following oh right and your head
looks multicolored it's like you've a
bruise here for bumping it then you have
a bug bite and then you have bananas
sticking out of your face you just slow
down there chief
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
doing parently we learn that riding
likes the jaws music they had done done
good good yeah I got it's kind of what
sounds like unless you do love you run
I'm gonna kiss you
it's gonna be gross because you're
covered in eight million things
all right so I'm here to begin my work
but first I'm going to eat my lunch and
watch some Trailer Park Boys I think I'm
gonna re-watch the series starting right
now but it's gonna click to something
else it's not gonna click I'll know why
I said that
but it'll cut here in a second and I'll
tell you what I'm doing for my work
there's no way this taco is going to
survive that's literally what it's about
to say come on taco right in just
interrupt my lunch Brian you're on
YouTube yeah I need to talk to you
though I need to figure out I have what
in the world I'm doing with our company
so I just need to bug them and see what
the boards are alright so there's a lot
of things I need to do this week but
today I'm only gonna do orders and I'm
going to do some inventory we got some
stickers in and some new sunglasses
which are red I'll show you those in a
second and then I got a new camera
totally got a new t3i today so I'm gonna
open that up and say like cool I'm not
going to use you for a little while and
then I'm gonna go skateboard
alright so boom here they are they're
looking pretty good a lot of people are
asking for red ones because we have to
make red everything because of my weird
thing with red and here they are guys
they'll be on the store before this
videos up so you already know about them
and then I was fortunately able to get a
handful of the orders done and then the
site crash again so at least I got most
of them done and that's it I'm gonna go
skateboard now and meet up with the guys
and I don't know which sunglasses I'm
gonna go with you know cuz sometimes
days like require like you know she'll
be blue sunglasses they should be red
you know I think this Drive is probably
gonna be a boat like I need red and blue
to do this
so I'm like right next to the skate park
but my wife and it'll get ride and
decided to come up to the water park
right next to it so I'm gonna say hi to
them first
we're buddy are you wet
having fun here people are trying to go
down the slide none of it even though I
would totally give up it to anybody all
right let's see it hmm is that good
can you say baby yeah look love you how
do you know all right so I just filmed a
quick video which is already on my
channel and now I'm going to skate for
like the first time in two weeks and
this has been the longest time I haven't
skated in a while so I'm very excited
let's see if I can still do tricks first
line back let's see like
ha let's call the anti ninja high-five
yeah I'm gonna try a new move right here
thankee thankee big spin tail side with
a heading you're freakin locked into it
that literally took me like an hour and
has it perfect I'm sorry
try the camera everyone high-five his
face on YouTube right now he just filmed
me for that long so we got some drinks
sorry oh Street skate I'm gonna try to
motivate Alex do something for his video
part
this is definitely a red sunglasses
filming session mostly because my blue
ones are in the car and I don't want to
get them I'm gonna be honest that
doesn't surprise me because you're good
at that trick I like hormone care five
yeah I will take it why wouldn't you
take it by monkey pixel banana like a
monkey takes a banana buddy yeah
right there like a freaking pancake
takes a mouse
all right oh my you know I come back to
Cincinnati and ruin everything
it's a bad yeah just watch it
those bad it still it's my fault you
know you're probably being like why
would I do that but this is absolute my
fault you don't get hurt around me
hi beanie you got here at the worst time
plus one big fakie big spin manual yeah
I'm gonna do everything you do right now
yeah okay
manuals there you going car I got some
manuals is there crappy
alright that was switch got to tell you
is switch because he hasn't done a
regular trick yet all right all right
guys I gotta go be a family man okay hit
skateboard I'm at one dude
okay we got will film a video now on out
we'll just be productive but say
anything I was going to forget about the
packages right people need their
sunglasses and shirts
alright so quick change of plans this
guy forgot a cell phone in Dallas's car
so I got to get him to Dallas work and I
want to just meirin's actually because
my family I just found out is sleeping
right now like 6 o'clock at night so I'm
gonna get that done so I can go hang out
with them when they wake up sounds good
weird time to sleep right yeah yeah I'm
like the only person my hand I can just
stay awake a little bit my we're here to
retrieve Sam cell phone
Dallas works at Dick's let the comments
begin pump in your bag keys your bags
out here Oh
gosh this dilemma just increases I went
to my house to shower and wrap that's
not cool
he's backing in making where we just
look that's where you live okay you can
hang it underneath and you can hang out
with me until he gets off it's not
thriving I'm the only time anymore
because Sam's hanging out with me it
depends I'll just tighten your cover or
something that's in a lot weirder than
what I just said so I just adopted a Sam
for the day yeah
Kroger's next I got to do I gotta go get
stuff for juicing I'm starting juicing
because I just like I gained so much
weight on my Hindman Audion hang out on
the beach no I'm getting this for
Britney because you know you should
never stop reminding people that you
care about them in this case I love her
she's my wife enough veggies in fruits
for two days of juicing and I'm good
let's go and he doesn't know I'm filming
this but there's a fun noodle
we're here at Chipotle which is gonna be
the best thing that's happened to our
faces since the last time aah polite
I picked up some food for Brittany and
the little guy because we haven't got
grocery shopping some a bit been back
from the honeymoon so I'm gonna give it
to her I see you're cleaning up the
best-run a coke milkshake I got yeah I
adopted a Sam - I see that on Sam
barbecue bacon steak burger thing that
you like I got you these
okay great powers thank you see him I
mean II they were that was not nice but
I'll punch him now it is okay yes Mosby
it's fine and as soon as we get here
little ride and wakes up is there a baby
in here is there a baby these do just
take a way too long nap
get your diaper changed in style boy
uh-huh you want Sam to read it this
story is called good night men
that's a bedroom just like yours would
you like some dude riding can you say
baby
can you say baby pee there you go give
me five yeah you say you can do this
you've done this first drive I have done
this first aunts like I'm trafficker you
ready yeah are you ready yeah okay did
you see that buddy did you see that
that's good right that was pretty good
I'm gonna try this
haha come back here come back here
oh come here and close the gate oh it
went past the gate
problem solved nothing baby everything's
fine
here how are you alright you're able to
go your your phone now yeah it's been a
good day in life thank you for being my
friend yeah I'm problem I'm going to go
juice and I'm going to edit videos okay
sounds good
and you're gonna go do whatever you do
this is your life no matter which kept
goes hey stay subscribed I I've never
said this okay subscribe that was the
beta's clip ever alright hey kid you
okay bud you ready Fred I love you you
want a coke you want a Pepsi surround
ooh coke is right answer
tortilla chips are just like fries you
just can't help but eat them on the way
home oh yeah like fries you know you're
going to eat fries on the way back from
going through a drive through torture
ship - the same way I spy stop filming
while I'm driving
you
