alright guys so what is that time where
you guys ask some questions on my
facebook and I'm gonna sit here and
answer it I do this once every month
about and this is August's installment
so let's get these questions started all
right the first thing I'm seeing is a
tattoo or I'm chambers who's in my
videos and here it is boom it's pretty
awesome tattoo that's not a question
Ryan here didya my friend I love you
Dawson asks why didn't chase have to
leave her by jace did not leave her vibe
I went to Jason I was like hey look
you're not skating with us you're not
really talking me so we'll always be
friends you're about like a brother to
me but uh I don't think it's working out
and he agreed he was like yeah it was
like you know we're still cool so he's
even gonna be in a video this next week
like we still skate at wouldn't when he
skates and he just doesn't come out with
revised like it's just he's a lot of
stuff going on in his life so uh
skating's not a big priority and
unfortunately in the part ways but you
know you know you might see him in
videos here and there so no hard
feelings on Jesse was kind of a mutual
thing and everyone is happy Beth who
just maybe fillmore Brian his sister
asks like a million questions she says
are you ever going to come to Alaska I
guess I foresee myself coming to Alaska
one day and I do you remember the skate
park in Brian's driveway I totally do I
learned a lot of tricks in that driveway
Trevor asks have you ever cooked before
yes I totally have and I feel like the
normal person has actually the first
time i ever did I didn't even know that
it was curse word and then my sister
told on me and I got in trouble like it
was like really you're gonna make me
curse not even knowing it's a curse word
and then I'm gonna get in trouble that's
how life is when you're four years old
who is your favorite George Allen George
Allen asks this and George Allen you are
my favorite George Allen and hopefully
you guys will see in my videos we've
been talking about doing some comedy
things he's a very funny guy look them
up online
Maudie asks greatest skate park I
thought it's a great escape part which I
was going to say Jamie Thomas welcome to
hell but uh skate park I would have to
go with skate naked or black diamond in
Philadelphia I my gosh i had fun to do
is I don't know there's some awesome
outdoor parks too I'll have to think on
that ask me next time and I'll try to
come up with one jewel siciliano who is
amazing YouTube skateboarder asks
favorite type of pizza everything you
put like anything on my pizza if you put
dirt on my pizza I would probably eat it
bill you know it's not that bad like
pizza is just good Alex Lutz asks what's
my opinion on Street League it's kind of
a little commercially you know against
feels like target is presenting you this
awesome escape awesomeness shoving your
face but the skating is just amazing and
i love the skaters escape in it so i
wish i had more time to actually watch
it but so I'm kind of torn but overall
like it's very entertaining
skateboarding so you do have that and
that's really what it's all about you
know watching awesome skating getting
hyped on it Cesar asks do you prefer
Xbox or Playstation I prefer Nintendo on
I'll play zelda and mario Donkey Kong
mario kart any day over all the other
stuff but I have a PlayStation I've
never had xbox I'm not one of those
dudes that hates other consoles like
play whatever you want I don't care
personally I have a PlayStation because
final fantasy's used to only be on
PlayStation that's my story popcorn time
I failed Bengal we totally deaf popcorn
and act like you're a dog a dog would
eat it your cat you won't Tim asked do I
have any brothers or sisters I totally
have an older sister four years older
than me it's weird that when you find
out someone has a sister a brother you
didn't like just pin that on you know
you didn't think that of them you're
like no way you have other people and
your family shame on you that shame on
you I'm stop talking drew says how was
riding on the family ridin in the family
are awesome thank you for asking drew
you rock thank you for caring about my
life and he's not eating popcorn and
talking geez Jake asks do you have
pineapples and you watch the last
question and answer video buddy and
answers now
animals this time Lewis says would you
consider a touring internationally and
expanding my company um yes I'm
definitely I want to do a mini US tour
next year but I definitely am open to
the idea of touring internationally to
me I'm like I'm gonna freak out because
I hate being away from my family
especially in another country but um you
know what I'm gonna man up and do it and
I have a blast doing it so one day I
looked at or international watch out for
me guys Zach says when you were younger
you didn't raise your skating why don't
you do that kind of stuff anymore well
first off if I do a crazy trick I'm not
going to just put it on YouTube okay I'm
gonna put it away for my video part so
when my video part comes out you'll
probably like you know okay Andy is
doing some some better stuff that we
didn't know about but I am like I'm
older you know I'm in my late 20s and
it's not so easy especially when I only
get like two hours a week to skate if
I'm lucky so it sounds easier to jump
down gaps but I'm definitely work on it
once i can do less of like i do so much
video editing and revive work every day
once i get people to help me out with it
and i'm a little more successful i'll be
able to go out and skate more and i'll
probably be able to get back into the
swing of bigger things but I don't know
if I'm be saying like 16 stair drops or
anything you know maybe rails but uh I
don't know you know i'm not i'm not
counting myself out just yet but I'm
really busy right now and it's really
hard to just physically go out there
just suddenly jump down a huge gap or
try big hand rail so but wait for the
video part I got some stuff that a price
presume Evan says start playing pranks
on your wife and I totally am going to
do it one day but uh she's listening
this right now so i can't i can't say
anything more Peter asks who was your
first sponsor my first sponsor was crook
skate shop in Riverside California so if
you guys ever you know if you live near
there go to Island I say what's up Corey
says if you ever kickflip back lift yes
I almost did it down to 80 one time so
I've definitely landed a handful of KFOR
back lips david says I suck should I
keep skating and you're worried about
the wrong things okay you should be
trying to have fun on your skateboard if
you're worrying about anything else you
might be doing it for the wrong reasons
but just have fun that's all you got to
worry about khurram says why are you
ashamed to be weird embrace it I do not
at all feel ashamed to be weird
I'm pretty content on who I am and my
differences so I don't know where you
got that buddy cannon says are you away
from riding a lot oh no not really I
mean I see him every morning and then I
go and work and skate and I'm always
back at the house by like six o'clock
and then I get to hang out with them
until you spin so I feel like I'm pretty
lucky in just if I want to spend time
with ridin like today like I just didn't
work today I just went to the zoo with
them and then I did some stuff here the
house so like I just make time like this
we don't want to spend time with ridin I
spend time with writing I'm very
fortunate and having a job where I can
just kind of make my own schedule ysidro
says how do you think that are a live
video will compare to other skate videos
I'm never going to compare revive to
other skate companies because from the
start we've been very different and I'm
going to take an approach to the video
how I want to do it like it's not going
to be just skateboarding it's going to
be kind of the goofy stuff that we get
into and we are avenges and just kind of
funny things so to be a very
light-hearted fun video and I'm already
kind of like getting ideas for the
second video so that one is going to be
the one we really get to put time and
effort and film it correctly so I'm
really excited to get to work on that
but the first one is definitely gonna be
a very fun and light-hearted yet to have
good skateboarding in it so just wait
for some trailers I'll put them together
here in a couple months rap says when
was the last time you went a day without
wearing a red shirt and that was a long
time here that was 15 years ago actually
so it's been a long time guys Caleb says
what motivates you and everything I get
motivated from movies I get motivator
for music from skate videos when I see
just people how they live their lives
like I take positive things from
everything in my life I know that sounds
cheesy but I really do like I'll be
sitting there watching iron man 3 would
be like I am going to take over the
world think you know like so I just
anything that's really well done and has
some part in it like I get something
from that sorry to be cheesy but that's
just me Alex asks did you start skating
out of personal interest or to impress
people when I started skateboarding
skateboard was not cool I was impressing
nobody I did it out of pure interest for
the activity and then I eventually and
to this day I still skate for myself I
feel like if you're trying to skate to
impress people you're doing the wrong
in anything don't do anything to impress
just to impress people do it because you
care I'm like a motivational like I
should be a motivational speaker for
elementary school kids popcorn ha ha ha
and last question comes from Jessie
what's the weirdest thing that has
happened to you all skating I have a lot
of weird things that have happened to me
look up Hollywood High 16 skaters
getting harassed by crazy guy or
something that's one of my videos is
kind of weird but something that
happened rather recently it was like
last year I was at a skate spot and this
like homeless looking dude came out to
me and he went into this huge long
explanation of how like the meaning of
life is to turn gay and to search out
you're gay like partner you know and
then he started like just singing
rihanna at me like at my face and I was
one of those moments I was like am I
going to get attacked or is this dude
gonna like hit on me like it was just he
was out of his mind so that was rather
weird but if you're like on the spot
like I don't know I can't think of like
the actual weirdest thing like if you
want to see how weird the world is go be
a 16 year old skateboarder in LA you'll
find weird things but that's it guys
hope you guys dug these questions there
was a lot of good ones I'm sorry I
couldn't get to him I'll do this every
once in a while on my facebook the URLs
right here if you didn't get your
question ask feel free to answer it or
ask it again next time I do these I'll
do it next month sometime and keep on
asking i love these guys so uh I'll see
you in the future and thank you guys for
asking questions good to the by smart
pops delicious
