YouTube what is up guys so I'm doing a
video that I typically don't do this is
kind of braley leave this got a cog
skateboard my brother's over a Braille
do this all the time as well as other
YouTube channels and I have kind of
stayed away from it but I was given this
board by a friend bear in Hawaii thank
you so much bear and I'm not gonna let
this go to waste I'm gonna have fun with
this this is POG griptape it's glued
pogs or milk caps if you don't want no
these are just actually here's a clip of
us playing pogs real fast we both we
have Slammers you take turns
I would keep and you suck you keep going
back and forth until they're all gone
and you can win pogs this way or you can
lose them this was our Foreman yeah so
that's pogs in a nutshell might seem not
cool but it is don't worry there you go
it's a game where you flip them over and
you get to keep them you get to bet your
friends and a master collection well
they're on griptape then we're gonna
skateboard it and it's probably not
going to be that grippy but we're gonna
have fun with it but yeah there's power
there totally Power Rangers not heroism
we got Jason that's the red ranger is
like his set up to I gotta like mail
this back to him trunks and everything
oh yeah oh yeah listen everyone's gotta
kick a little first okay I don't know it
might be hard on the personal
okay here's the game whoever collects
the most pogs from their tricks wins at
the end I don't know what they win but
they win
so whoever sucks more and takes more
time as pretty much gonna win I've got
one kickflip KC I'm gonna do first try
it feels less grippy than a board
without grip second try you didn't get a
pause go take one I get no you gotta you
gotta earn it the right way don't rip
vestal vessels birthday was two days ago
he was boy he was born to skate pogchamp
skate and i'll be like that's an s for
you what those are the power right there
on lunch break or spring break I don't
know well I wouldn't be spring break I
mean if I was a Power Ranger we don't
get a spring break I was the worst I was
the worst at it alright giving it did
I'm the only one they got a pawn here
useless I'm not gonna mess around with a
50-50 I'm gonna do a five Oh
my toe is scraping but I'll keep it
Kasey's next so what I could do you're
gonna get a pong man I'm jealous that
was good right
dude that was the best hog flip
situation you could head alright who's
that vessel vessel whack no whack that
was a whack nose manual why are we
getting skateboarding like terms for I
get an S for you and I have a whack
trick little baby box good man those
other two guys are just a baby's back
tail
I'm trying you're gonna back tail this I
mean why wouldn't I
I don't know a lot of reasons you'll be
hard should be so hard and you a first
try I owe you 10 bucks I'm tweeting that
he didn't do it you got one how's your
wind so the more you suck the more pugs
you get which will increase your chances
of winning this video
count does not count
he literally like he's 12 feet away from
where his trick was starting I'm gonna
do a dark slide I will get all of the
pong I should I should do dark Sider
he's the champion he's the champion for
sucking you're gonna be the owner of all
of the pogs so now it's measure and has
guessed but it literally does look you
see it yeah it does I don't know I was a
sumo wrestler playing pogs advanced flip
trick ground is next and then hammer
round
hope that didn't work
dangit I miss one I have them still
that was it good how's it good one good
job yeah you suck just way easier with
change sri sri magic you're in your
pocket
sprinkle assault
and he got a pause six pogs
that was good dude that was dude good it
did take an hour well it took like 15
minutes it wasn't that bad
we're going to advanced flip trick round
I'm gonna do a three flip Mike which is
not really advanced but it's better than
I kick flip yeah
did that kickflip really I just got one
you've got 20 you gotta suck more yeah I
got that one so bad for you but it rips
off all the grip if you try pulling it
off
don't hurt my paw expensive slammer
there is I took one I got I we bet three
two and I got three you got one of mine
I got three just now trying to well rub
it in won't you land vessel if he I'm
guessing he'll landed within two tries I
did just saying he's just doing my trick
better
that counts how did he get from there to
there are you okay all right
I mean all heels but yeah I didn't know
hogs collected nope collective hammer
round
big spin friends notice I'd be good
right hey is there anything in the way
over here master check it out that was
hard
I was so much harder with Paul group
team have fun I'm gonna go sweat my life
way over here these are gonna work or
not work at all about to change my trip
all right now the real is Alex just gone
did he disqualify himself he's doing
water don't worry man I feel like vessel
should just ended on ended because he's
gonna do a good thing if you guys think
he's do the handrail give it a thumbs up
and we'll wait here for maybe a week a
lot like live and just see what you guys
say what do you do what he's really
going for the real you guys thumbs up
worked who guest worked
toss to get those a win this video and I
think you've hands done done the worst
because you've been the best no don't
pull those off go to your trick his name
is a mess he's so good
you got a pony yeah it actually says POG
how many is that the one you got three
great oh cool
well you definitely the loser in meaning
that you were the best skateboarder Alex
yes so do you want to do the hammer
round or do you want disqualify yourself
I won't think it over here because
there's some danglers on this board and
you could be Casey I think yeah sure if
you want do that way
good job boom I know you got three so
you can just leave you're the loser
he's the best game one these are not
lying are they you got this much one two
three four five six seven one two three
man gives you four five six seven eight
I shouldn't have gave it to him I have
eight as well you guys got to do a trick
off
there's a trick off um what's the trick
you guys can mutually do they both got
eight for the tiebreaker they're gonna
do a full cab on the hip two out of
three rock paper scissor on four boy
double point he goes first we did
I get it
you get that for winning
well this fell off thanks for watching
guys if you like to you know I make
daily videos here every day and if you
want to subscribe you got it pull that
off you naturally got that yeah then you
are like this you know I didn't really
know what either way he landed it but
you got the bestest pug yeah so thank
you so much repair for making this and
giving to me while I was in Hawaii and
means the world why are you eating Jason
but I hope you guys like this video if
you want to see more I do videos here
all the time
hey this describe buttons right down
below and these guys channels will be in
the info as well and also gonna put
brailles because they do a lot of this
stuff and i you probably won't see too
much of this like ever again on my
channel but you might who knows if you
guys can skateboard go get a skateboard
maybe a pawn board preferably a normal
board because this was hard and I go
have fun
that's it I'm gonna go D swept myself
it's a new product you ever did this as
it can put it on your head and just
takes away maybe head pogs did you do
this you look like the monopoly guy I'm
gonna go in a front shove it back to Ava
for the bonus clip let's go
did the front wheel leave the grass cool
there was I did it on a very big
skateboard let's go sir that did not
leave the ground you lied to me but
that's what you guys are getting I'll do
a real one on a real board though now
let's go surf
