we have read revive sunglasses you guys
can see it do you guys wanna do you guys
all want red sunglasses yeah all right
you guys all will get them today if he
can land a trick within ten tries to do
it I'm so sorry if you're going out will
what trick should he do 5050 no jutsu so
it is a half cup no side basic aight
thanks man just learn now because I just
filmed it no that's the trick you can do
nollie big spin late flip ok to do 10
tries you guys all get sunglass all
right if you don't you guys have to wait
till next session to get ice ok all
right how how nervous are you right now
first try the other day so maybe then
why are we doing this as your tent as
your trick because it's a cool trick oh
my gosh I'll probably messed up you
better you got to make this dramatic
that's awesome the time so I always
squeeze me out first try no no no no you
can deliver always any trick like that
you gotta do it smooth kids got to do a
smooth and my gosh Thomas get some new
wheels what are those I should totally
be giving them wheels and not sunglasses
even though they already entitled to the
sunglasses try five
hahahaha he hits you in the butt with a
friggin you posted okay those are so one
for you thank you for you if you would
have been here on time you already have
it I want for you good trait my press
say happy day happy day monday tuesday
happy days monday tuesday happy days i
see and you're gonna go into singsong
days
hahaha he hits you in the butt with a
friggin shoe you gonna get revenge on
damn it get the shoe get the shoe get
the shoe I will reply skewers with an
axe oh you are a wuss let me see that
let me sit oh wow it's stuck there hey
what are you doing you hit him like that
yeah we get stung left house like
Cinderella's here for Kimmy come on give
me a bitch give me a bitch after you go
but we're gonna pitch was the head
you
