do it again
so does that surprise you what just
happened to your eyeballs like I'm not
surprised that Doug disc tales destroyed
that skateboard because that's just what
he does you know manual around the park
like five times in a row back noseblunt
fakie he's just oh my gosh she's oh he's
tipped me this footage is a gay do you
want to post this on your channel and
I'm like yes of course I want to pose as
on my channel Doug like you look up Doug
des tells name in the dictionary just as
post this to your channel so i hope you
guys like that if you want to see more
of Doug boom hit that right there and go
check out his channel it is so good he
is one talented skateboarder I said a
million times he's my teammate here on
her vibe and he's also a great friend so
Doug thank you for being who you are
you're a good dude and everybody else go
click that right now and stop just
watching me swing on the swing isn't it
weird nothing swing you're still
watching come on guys
you
