where are we riding are we in Cincinnati
now well you've been here the whole time
but I have been on my honeymoon guys and
I'm pack so I'm about to get into the
swing of things
tomorrow I'm back to work doing her live
stuff and making videos and skating and
all that fun stuff but today I'm doing a
family day I did want to show you guys
some footage of me on my honeymoon so oh
my gosh right and you were not happy you
want to get down everybody but here
you're about to see some clips of me on
my honeymoon I had a blast the wife and
I had some amazing times so here's some
cool stuff that I filmed on that just
casually with her little memory camera
you know we shot a bunch of pictures for
photo albums and whatnot and then I've
been the outer AB like tin and did it
and then I'll show you some other clip
and then tomorrow I'll be back in the
normal swing things I think I have a
skate video ready to go so uh yeah stop
watching and start watching me act like
an idiot in Jamaica say it's good to be
back YouTube it's good to be back
YouTube well jeez you're all slobbery
YouTube what's up guys I'm going
we're here with the wild peacock and
it's feeding done tastes like a sack
and now at the end of the journey my
reward is seeing this little guy did I
get you a deflated soccer ball buddy hit
the ball and throw it yeah I love you
see what's up YouTube bye guys
where's the door where's inside can you
go inside
knock knock on the door yeah I was
pretty good I know you had a new head of
now all right cool Boone close the door
close the door bye
