you know you guys are waiting for you
guys are waiting for Bluebird montage be
freaking Levin to do you freakin Nathan
riddle me this frickin t-shirt come on
let me tilt five seconds of video
glutton montage 11 things about to get
weird
ironically enough at the same time I
made that decision we had decision
decision decision talk right words idiot
you feel kind of making fun of video
game consoles here on internet not make
a separate video on Sunday and then the
next few week and a half with a few week
and a half really you speak such good
word that I would I would I would go to
a dictionary with you and have a cup of
tea did not make sense one bit yes it
did
stop doing that freaking stop I passed
out of my computer and then I acted like
a panting dog apparently for randomly
sporadic reasons I was a how sporadic
even a reason no just I'm just like I
feel like my metabolism is really
slowing down lately did I say that right
that's like a word that you don't have
to like her down so that people just get
oh he's probably trying to say that like
oh my my tablet math is so bad these
days I man I just can't get to pick up
my batad alas and I need I need it you
know I need a quick the tablet stop I
was like blown away I thought it was
gonna be good but it was great it was
really good so did I just say that I
thought it was gonna be good but it was
great and it was good like really up
down up down up down up down down up up
down down that three single
which is hover gourd hat because there's
always like Oh
alack alack alack alack there's a lack
man all these lakhs are flying around
and I just make up words and it's absurd
and I might just write with a bird or
I'm done so done this is how many of you
hit that decision Robert brink we had
okay you have mental problems yes you do
clearly I do because I said that in a
third person like you're a second person
and not me I didn't say I have Bentall
problems
oh gosh you guys should be worried about
me but I you know I don't really mind
look like a dumb-dumb on the internet I
mean if you guys get a laugh out of it
that's all that matters unless my
grandchildren see this that'd be a
pretty weird thing day this is what your
grandfather did like really alright
that's weird he is weird my channel
alright so if you do that one more time
that's just it it's just an empty threat
my computer's not learning anything
right now it's like I'll do it I want
cuz there's no repercussions
I'm a horrible computer father aren't I
you know what no I'm gonna be you're
done you're not getting you're not
turning on to the internet for no I
can't do that I need the internet what's
up YouTube this is an update video and
it's pretty cast but it's been a cast
Matt suna and when I don't know when I
kind of realized it's been that I was
like well maybe I should say something
that actually says English to their
balls I don't know hey how are you I'm
an idiot
that is a fact but I am gonna start
wrapping up this update video guys snake
snake snake snack this was not planned
obviously because it's not coop utter in
here then this outside so I looked like
a so I look like a so I've looked like a
bitch just get my hat where's your head
I don't know why you do this too why you
talking about Beatrice
but no Garrett was like destined to be
profitable but no Garrett was like
destined to be vapor
I just watched that clip and now I can't
even get my I can't even get my face
straight to keep filming
you
