oh gosh it looks so beautiful out there
babe like the ocean of the beach and you
think this would be what I'm most
excited about but it's not you see these
right how annoying are these packages
scissors now I have anything it's just
tough to get these open you know you're
sitting here acting like a kindergartner
because that you can't open up a package
in Jamaica it's different boom okay look
how am I gonna open this I'm gonna open
it we're gonna freakin open it I feel
like a kid I feel like the Nintendo 64
kid like the Genesis work is like now
I'm gonna have my goggles and I'm gonna
go out into the ocean and sue bunch of
fishies talk to me like Little Nemo
Finding Nemo whatever he's called
seriously come to Jamaica open up
package is that easy united states of
america wise up this is how plastic
package should be opened finding nemo
tom and all those friends and a shark
i'm gonna be like hey shark here for
your dice because you're inviting me mo
bros names Bruce Bruce we're gonna go
find Bruce but what's up guys oh yeah I
just want to make a quick video saying
150,000 subscribers it's pretty awesome
milestone here on youtube so i had to do
a video saying thank you first of all i
want to thank everybody who watched my
videos you guys are the best i've been
saying this for years now and you guys
really the best subscribers in the world
I completely thank you watch my videos
liking them spreading them around the
internets it really i mean it's it's
literally made my life and i will leave
you totally be repaying you guys saying
thank you and to your sick of hearing it
now i'm not going to go into a big list
like I did for my 100,000 video but I
just wanted to say thanks to revive guys
not just the team but the whole family I
love you dudes and I mean you guys help
me make some pretty awesome videos and I
wouldn't change a thing in the world
spin the best of times film with you
guys and all my close friends I uh you
guys know who you are you guys are the
best and of course my wife Brittany and
my little dude right in literally my
family and I love them to death so here
is to many more videos to come and I'm
going to keep working hard of this if
you guys stay after the outro you can
see me being freaked out by jellyfish
and chasing a manta ray um there was a
peacock out here somewhere in the depths
of this resort I don't think I see him
anymore oh no there is we're going to
get them what did I tell you guys pick
up hi buddy hey
you're running away okay all right
exciting you're like why'd you make me
watch that Andy but thank you guys
subscribe for more videos of me and I
will see you guys in the future goodbye
you
