right in go rear put the cookies back
it is adventure time dude do you know
we're doing we're going to woods long
and these woods might be haunted because
he used to be a haunted trail radio
explorer yeah Adventure Time let's go
we're gonna bring you guys along for the
journey so uh sit tight hang out and
turn in to it were there already tuning
it keep tuning alright let's go and
don't eat cookies well then let's get
something nutritious okay like a box
here then eat mom's shoe dude look
strawberry granola you want that yeah
yeah see that's better that's better
than cookies put yourself in okay
alright how do canola bites
I'm the chocolate about this Buster now
just drop a really good
we are here both arms out plenty I know
do you do not know how good just don't
do it bored driving you gotta be faith
that's true all right so this is kind of
busy
we're gonna go sporran yeah I think so
too buddy oh that was a good job
high-five hope you ate too long okay
half up again nope you waited too long
high five got it okay so these woods
when I was a kid they used to make a
haunted trail and you'd walk through
them and ghosts would fly out and
zombies and vampires be yeah okay maybe
there are people dressed in suits but
still it was scary it was like a haunted
tree it was a lot of fun we're gonna go
see if there's any spirits okay you
found a bunch of soccer balls are those
scary yeah but they do kind of look
gross and haunted if there's ever a
haunted soccer ball that would be it
dude should we do that family you wanna
make that's a good idea
use big sticks we need to make sure
they're not in it this is for me not you
right you've never jumped in a leaf pile
I do this is a big day for you good
we're gonna get it go okay that actually
kind of does look after some but just
don't eat it
no I'm kidding I'm not kidding put it
down this is the old abandoned building
dude
says no trespassing it means you're not
supposed to go back there these are
abandoned buildings okay and the haunted
trail we went through that it was creepy
it is so bright okay so yeah this was a
really cool part but worth right I know
get out get out no here I'm not kidding
dude okay let's learn a word this sign
says no trespassing it means literally
you don't go there okay brought back
like nature's juggling balls is it on
yeah see I taught myself how to do of
the skateboard wheels yeah you can learn
one day hey be careful coming down this
is a Stewart do you think there's any
ghosts in there no no out of the sewer
get out but have you know oh my gosh it
goes all the way through you're going
away from the Haunted part the hard
part's over there ghosts in there come
on get out did you see that Ghost
that was terrible yes mushy
it's called mud dude look at this tell
me that there's probably not it goes
back here I know it's beautiful but
scary right
I think Dracula's back here
no he's not oh my gosh he's in
scooby-doo but that'll be another
conversation
feel like nobody's walked back here for
like a hundred years oh my gosh it was
like really hot we got here and now it's
starting to feel really cold are you
cold this is really weird
did you hear that yeah listen again
yeah this is freaking me out okay come
here come here
can I scare those noises I beg to differ
I have videos scaring you it is really
gross like you're reading oh I got the
sticky things on me oh my gosh we're
surrounded by him do you know these are
yeah they're terrible things they get
stuck to you so bad oh yeah and there's
a spider on your head there's literally
a spider on your head he wasn't scared
that was right here but there wasn't a
spider hey I was kidding look at dad
this is one annoying thing about life
how do you have any on you
Ryden we found a secret Creek it's
starting to warm up again so I think
we're past the the haunted part what
right that's not a baseball that's a
goat's head and you immediately threw it
in the creek all right I think we should
get heading back we can get back this
way hey bear sent you something from
Hawaii want to go open it up let's go
hopefully we can go this way I'm like
dying in sweat it's really hot and humid
I'm getting attacked by bugs at least
the ghosts didn't beat us up right don't
fall in
nailed it we crime if we just give a
rock right here got some distance on
that didn't I look you've done this
before you hold like this okay and then
go ahead and don't throw down throw out
okay yeah all right well let's go up oh
all right you got like sucked into the
swamp soccer game let's go a little
private beach straight back boy here we
are
whoo that was fun wasn't it I know
yeah me too huh I love you okay so we
actually played on the playground after
we got out of the woods and that was fun
we're gonna go home because when I was
on a recent trip a friend of ours in
Hawaii gave ride in a little gift so
we're gonna unbox that and end this
video yes Hawaii - I only have one foot
one foot dude I totally only have one
foot okay we are back and slowly not
being sweaty that was a day wasn't it
yeah that was a lot of fun
but so yeah I wasn't why recently a
friend of the family Bear and his family
gave you this bag okay when what's
inside are you ready for it I don't know
what this is it's a thumb shot look at
this look at this thumb Chuck the
eyeball it's like a no we'll get it out
and play with it sometime so I guess you
like it's a good you supposed to make
you do certain moves look is he oh
thanks ma'am very nice of you and this
is really cool right and look it's a
palm collection or milk cap collection
is actually a game right
I'll teach you how to play sometimes but
if you had never heard of pogs they were
really popular like in the 90s but if
you know how to play it now it's still
pretty fun and you're gonna learn how to
play I'm gonna put on your head Thank
You that very nice of you there huh look
at this wow you got excited right there
I love easy she felt cute there you go
what's up Lego that's the real dude oh
wait no I think this is for me see it
works see you watch yeah thank you so
much bear and bears mom you guys are the
nicest you know we hope you guys out
there watching this enjoy our video I
don't wanna Freddie doing it yes it was
a lot of fun and we're gonna we've never
been in that Park before and played so
we're gonna go back there soon right
yeah yeah but I do videos here all the
time
thank you guys for watching are you
mocking me why oh my gosh
you guys are watching us so I'll see you
tomorrow with a new skateboarding video
this guy's in my videos by that once a
week or sometimes more if you guys want
to see more just click the subscribe
button right down below and you're
signed in to see more videos it's free
it's easy and I have one tomorrow coming
out do a lot so thank you guys
bear and bears mom you guys are the best
everyone watch out there's the best
ridin you were the best and everybody
but me I'm not the best dad I can't be
the best I'm just the dad
oh you're choking me see that's why
you're choking me okay you guys have a
good day
get out there and play if you can it's
not if it's not when you if it's raining
out live life go play in the rain Hey
right now dude whoa hey what do you say
that bear seriously from the bottom of
your heart what do I say to him he's
watching right now you can't say it like
nicer it's very nice of him to give that
to you isn't it all right love you I
love you too well that is that is the
armhole
