what is up guys
so if you don't know who Alex rad maker
is then I just did you such a favor he
is one of the most up-and-coming
skateboarders for the entire sport right
now he is pushing it the way no one has
ever pushing for like you see what
happened like I don't know if which ones
to slow-mo and which ones so like you
know draw onto a painting and put on my
wall like it's that good oh my gosh it's
like it really is like a work of art and
I know what you're thinking right now
you're thinking like yeah I'm just going
to go to the comments and say all he's
the next Rodney mullet or he's not as
good as rodney mullen well everybody on
the internet needs to quit it with
Rodney one comments because rodney
mullen is amazing and he did so much
stuff for skateboarding but he's the
only rodney mullen and everyone knows
that ok everyone up and coming is their
own individual skater and I want to
start right here right now by saying
this is the first Alexander radda maker
ok that's what's important about this
and no one could touch him and no one is
touching him right now he is oh my gosh
I love this dude so so make sure you
show them some support go over to his
YouTube channel boom right there and
subscribe ok and it's a very classy
youtube channel it's poop on you to
cycle is the day moment but yeah that's
Alexander's channel and you're gonna
like what you see oh my freaking gosh
but thumbs up for is amazing talent on
the skateboard and then click that and
go like go check it out
go do all that stuff but I'm gonna go
right now as you're watching this I'm in
Jamaica on my honeymoon be jealous but
it's music time
you
