all right under the bridge park wait are
you doing whoo dude that's the old shirt
man it is yeah look at me look at me and
then look at you come on man come on
come on can't believe okay house fast
better better better better better
better better better you just have the
camera hahaha that totally just worked
we got to watch that well you done need
a truck Andy who's Gary you I don't know
oh I'm lightheaded I'm lightheaded
that's how you end a video you rolled
over my foot totally just rolled over my
foot I did it thank you too gotta say
for trying something like that no you're
frickin way
I'm poaching tricks except he's not
landing it so I'm poaching nothing yeah
what is that first try first try high
five first try all right for the Ender
you your car wants water real bad
dancing on the ledge bunch I'd hurt my
hand when I strummed it didn't feel good
at all given 5 i'll work through but
emotionally and physically is going on
in to go with spiritual a spiritual
spiritual not just emotionally really
yeah
me hahaha sorry I didn't mean to spray
freaking fire extinguisher out of you
but good job on the trick thank you
you
