used to be way better at skateboarding
okay okay okay if you do you think
you'll in 10 tricks right now official
part 10 tricks gives you 10 tricks and
not if you fit 50 it has to be like a
180 out or shove it like a 50 a new food
we do 10 tricks I will let you go buy a
nintendo 3ds i have to buy it you have
your buy it let's go come on let's go
look come on go don't fail me now you're
bored and I've never skated these shoes
before great also you have any q's we
can do it this is going to go great
trick 12 tricks silver writings okay I
said 10 tricks not 10 tricks to lens i
hit right there look at it you see the
den see that you're lucky this glass is
durable I'm just kid that sounded like I
was mad I'm not mad buddy I'm gonna stay
away from you though I learned my lesson
hey Danny time how's the meantime right
there oh how is it you're still kind of
landing at gzel Pete's gain stability
are you stable kinda are you stable
let's go get a 3ds
was Barbara our names success get it out
was hit we're yes so so this is the
exact when I have it's red boom what
games you get where I'm oh so it's good
game it's very good you tricking good
game right I know it's good game it's
pretty good game dude I'm ready it's a
good game that's a good game good game
good game got me open your door for you
not happening
you
