photo session with Brian Eames so
professional hit up Sam
nutty crazy crazy crazy
and Cara did it Kairo did it over the
pit of death right I don't even say
anything to that
alright guys what's up this is a little
different type of video that I normally
post I mean it's kind of chaotic there's
just like random clips of Aaron skating
his gap but I thought it's kind of cool
because I had the footage to match the
photo and I was like you know what why
not I'm gonna make this video I don't
know if you noticed but Aaron was
pushing uphill like the whole way it was
really insane
and unfortunately when he landed the
front slip like the best when he popped
it in fact it was the one that he landed
in the photo I think I was not filming
at the time but I had that sketchy one
of like the worst angle ever I'm sorry
but he can't he got the the picture from
other other angles but yeah it was like
nobody was skating this gap except Aaron
like I wouldn't even know I could ollie
it but I wouldn't because it's just like
it's literally pushing up hills both way
and snow with your grandpa nagging you
the whole way but not only was that spot
ridiculously hard to skate but Philbert
Brian Eames this one awesome
photographer so thumbs up if you think
Brian did an awesome job with the shots
and I'm proud of him I'm still calling
filming Brian names I'm not quitting
that but I hope you guys like this video
um I will have a pretty funny video with
Brian Eames tomorrow and then revenge
randomness on Saturday so hang in there
guys and order order
you mean you wanna say to YouTube oh oh
oh alright
how about you man nobody wants to say
anything oh and for all you conspiracy
theorists or whatever this is a camera
aperture with an eyeball on the center
ok stop freaking out about Illuminati oh
my gosh
let's try
yeah but it was scary I mean you like
can fall here die you go too far you did
behind that behind instead behind the
scenes everywhere you're dead
