I always did that first try that's what
I'm trying guys I'm trying to switch no
selection of it no slide to regular too
happy that Atlanta new tricks on record
that's good that's good
hit like so that's however okay I just
play it like almost let it first try and
then I just realized my body's like I
was just kidding Andy you can please
suck
harmless to get on how much I slide
there was a meter on the side of my head
was it shine redo or sharlinda it landed
again do it again do again oh don't give
me high-five on a service call my
frigate hip tries I am taking that other
one tell us because I'm not gonna go to
walk tomorrow oh gosh they're gonna
angle iron boom like like a Lego lo
sar√† straight to my thigh that's not
good feel good so play to get in slow-mo
let it heal slowly again slow mo and
then din and did it then Dan it did it
why do I've the scroll around the box of
fever good laps
you
