you guys are not dressed I'm wearing
like Beach clothes and you guys are
totally ready to freaking go to the
casino together wedding day I'm gonna
get dressed suit up as Barney would say
what's up guys I totally just got
married to this girl right here the most
beautiful girl in the world I'm the
luckiest guy ever
I'm the happiest guy in the world right
there little videos because everyone
says get married I'm excited I marry a
subscriber boom so there you guys go I
want to make this video just to be happy
and tell you guys that I married this
lady right here I got a ring and funny I
actually mentioned the holding the
camera at the ceremony as a joke and
then she was like you have to do that
along with a bunch of other people they
wanted me to do it so uh there you go I
hope you guys liked that video and I'm
totally taking yours forever
better be you're mine you're I was yours
forever before but now it's all legal
like you know Obama's like okay they're
married I'm not messing with them all
right I love you yeah bye guys
you
