YouTube what is up guys it is another
griptape art time with this guy he's got
a blue shirt on and you know he's gonna
he's gonna use his hands do some great
things okay this is JP by the way hello
this is a board JP made you drew this
you didn't make the wood but you did the
arch right yes this is a Johnny Geiger
Pro monster deck and we're gonna put
grip tape on it and then you are going
to art art all over it yes okay let's go
hey let's just throw the grip tape on
okay there we go
I worked out here it is ready to go art
it up you look like this matches you
perfectly JP yeah it works out every
time in this hallway filming I feel like
I'm in a science fiction movie okay so
on my Twitter I asked you guys to pick
out of four characters that JP Pig the
four choices were Batman
Raphael from the Ninja Turtles Sonic the
Hedgehog and Jake and Finn Finn and Jake
anyway from adventure time and you guys
picked Batman and you picked Finn and
Jake from adventure time so that's
what's gonna draw on this board they
might be fighting I don't know I'm gonna
let the art up to him so that's it
you're right you're ready just yeah cool
yes
no they're gonna fight or not they're
just be hanging out yeah all right well
either way you do you we've got a lot of
paint pens and the coupon yeah time ups
time time that's time
it looks beautiful
you crushed it dude thank you gosh
that's good so there you guys go
we did one of these like not too long
ago about three weeks ago and we did a
giveaway on his channel so we're not
gonna do a giveaway this time but we are
totally going to do a game ever totally
gonna do a video learning some new
tricks on his channel within like a week
or so so if you want to see more from
this talented human being it just popped
up on the top of the screen and then
it's also in the info you're gonna love
his content awesome dude I have a I have
you have a pours I have a bored and I
have a video going up about all about
design John Hill's new cool Wow
yeah so he does a lot of the robot art
we should probably know already but uh
so yeah there you go a video about John
Hill's newest program ik that's awesome
like I said it's right down the info so
check it out I think you were doing this
yeah any time alright tomorrow joking
but you might see more videos from me
just hit the subscribe button right down
below it signs you up see more videos
and that's it and I will see you guys
really soon with some new videos there's
a chip in my lens which means I need to
order a new one
mm-hmm that sucks that does yeah laugh
at my misfortune why don't you
let's pull this out let's just set Darth
Vader at the top here and smash it ready
yeah do it it gets wow these guys are
all into hanging out now he's literally
like in Batman's arm what a bunch of
dudes
you
