seven hundred videos guys okay that is
this honestly it's not surprised because
when I hit 100 I was like hey kiss let's
go to two and then three and then four
and then by five and six hundred I was
like I'm gonna get 700 k that this is
going to happen so as always here is a
recap of the last 100 videos on my
channel I hope you guys like what
happens to your eyeballs and stay tuned
for 100 more oh ok keep a straight face
oh no boom didn't know how to pedal me
or did you it's not even a good bird
sound a good burp
is that let me hang in dude he left me
hanging oh yeah
you can see my fat rolls can't shoot oh
and if you don't understand what I'm
saying right now if you don't understand
english i have this thing right can just
say it into this thing and it just says
in Spanish is pretty cool watch pron
break let's go rapido Oh a camila todo
el dia lo que necesita para te est√°s
Yaga da hoes oh it's sunset or San
Francisco in the distance here's your
board any yeah thank you kind of makes
me want to just throw my board into the
ocean second Genesis back Sega Saturn
super nintendo occur juggler so the
camera in the air sure later
Oh was that did you see that if I get a
couple weeks and she did like a
four-inch alley and a pop shove-it
nothing it's pretty um much all that she
got to because this is your lemon eating
zone is this it hey
that was not close please let your trick
so we can go to the next spot for real
we need to go man yelling right now is
your spot at our school I don't know how
you made it over there dad not to be
awkward but how babies made what I just
don't get it walk at a frame and the
answer is gonna happen here like oh wow
he wasn't it a gallon of water are you
kidding me my gosh we did it we did it
that was the hardest one ever Brian that
was not that was get over here I'm gonna
do I'm gonna do a running high five that
was not easy that was not easy at all no
trouble
hey you guys for watching dude you're
totally still going on
blink it's big yeah what does this stuff
come from smarty I'm gonna eat you yes
I'm gonna eat hey smarty it does nothing
for my body but I do it anyway it's like
a piece of sugar let's point this
you
