that was not nice you know if the first
thing you see is a catfight this is
gonna be a good day in life we're doing
dating like 14 let's do this who is here
it looks like you put into your name
who's here
that's yours here man hi buddy I love
you you sleep well Oh where's your nose
where's your hair where's your ears
where's the Emilio Estevez he is either
down there
changing your diaper because you can't
do it yourself it's time to feed the
baby the baby's gonna get fed so I'm
making writing toast and oranges for
breakfast and I turn around I've been
I've not been looking for 30 seconds and
this is what it does did you pour your
milk out my friend here's a sippy cup
that's not broken can you handle this
this is my breakfast green slime it kind
of looks like it's vegetable juice I've
been juicing for two and a half weeks
now and it's going actually really well
I lost about 15 pounds so what we're
doing day babe oh wait mm-hmm I got to
do that before I go out and do anything
is you ready to leave buddy get this
show on the road
you're eating again I just fed it so we
got to drop this to the guy off at
Grandma's house
so Brittany can do some errands freely
I'm gonna do one with her and then I'm
gonna go do work at my own why are you
because it's like Susan Wright really in
there let's just leave it yeah I'm gonna
roll with whatever's on my face see when
you get when you're marrying someone
they just turn into a mom you are a mom
I am you are a mom I love you though so
we're at this camera store to get prints
made that I talked about and I'm not
going in because I'm gonna take this
into like hey do you want to upgrade to
a better modeling like no and I want to
deal with that so you guys are staying
out here boom just like that we're done
you could do your errands baby we're
gettin a tow let me go to work I'll see
you later babe I love you I'll be still
I love you more to note guys if a girl
ever says I love you more I love you
more - boom
argument done
alright guys so it is work time I got a
lot of revived stuff to do a bunch of
orders to get ready to go out I'm gonna
try to film an update video I don't know
if I have time I'll have to push it off
to tomorrow if I don't and then I got to
practice a song on the guitar I'm
singing a song for Britney at our
wedding in front of everybody so I gotta
get this down so I don't really screw it
up but you don't have to watch all this
it's going to cut in Alex in Dallas and
go skateboarding Alex buting we're going
a skateboarding and film for you and my
day to life how about that you want
challenge you can do a I don't know what
can you do can you do big spin on that
first try maybe you're right fakie oh I
will not take it because you did not
land it come on success
Dallas board you ready to go shred
boarding what are you eating
after eating right now you're a lucky
dude but if it didn't leave it works for
you to a place to say
your guys can use dude this is the first
revive deck I've seen skated Alex not
only have revived exes they sold out
pretty good Oh second try hella go
fastest I've ever killed anything since
I was like three hopes amazing yeah I
didn't skate when I was there I was good
haha
why'd you fall like my butt cheek my
second foot cheek if I had a third one
that I've been hit too
I didn't feel good you're doing so good
my friend thank you I'm doing I thought
you got the rock I thought put you
Alexina land this down you caught it
offers you a free heart
all right so that's one session guys we
all did something I guess except I was
sketchy you guys were smooth but that's
not anything new right now we're going
to the post office to ship some revival
orders and hopefully this goes quick and
painless
it's good stuff we are the bozos Oh God
you coming in or you staying out now go
all right
ship these cuz I I can't bring the
camera in there it's like against like
Obama or something all right guys thanks
for skateboarding I hope you liked your
video that we don't for you thanks for
the skateboard yeah and now I got to
drive all the way back to my place and
get juice and then drive all the way
back here and do wedding stuff with the
with everyone except you guys you guys
aren't doing wedding stuff no have you
I've been done yeah
no you're married done with that letter
yes
I'm stuck in traffic exciting news huh
oh and I lied I totally have to stop by
this camera place to get the prints made
pick them up we just ordered them this
morning and I'm still not taking you in
because they're gonna be charted I'm not
doing it got the prints let's go home
juice time so I don't starve to death
it's not too bad I just don't like it
but the key is just to drink it fast all
right so I changed and this shirt kind
of looks weird I think but it's an
Earthbound shirt so that's the greatest
video game of all time and if you have a
Wii U you should buy it so I don't care
if this shirt looks weird because I'm
psyched on it I'm gonna go help with
wedding stuff and you guys can come with
me
hi got Pizza the dog really just popped
over up and back with this little guy
and you're picking your nose for YouTube
so my job is to make a lot of paper
origami cranes actually I lied I'm
hanging out this guy and then I'm about
to put him down for a nap and then I'm
doing origami cranes what do you think
riding this is where we burped or while
I was fake burping and you were laughing
remember that Oh burp huh put on a slide
that was hint i climactic oh yeah you
recovered that was a good one okay buddy
you got take a nap okay
we wake up and play okay so he's gonna
take a nap I'm gonna start on making
origami cranes and just to explain why
I'm making cranes when you like all the
270 some people at our wedding like when
they sit down they'll be like a little
crane and hopefully doesn't look too bad
because I've made some bad ones we're
gonna be honest you know you're watching
this video this is not that exciting at
least you don't to do it
alright buddy it is bedtime okay you go
here and we will wake you up when it's
time to go home okay I love you alright
guys so I hope you guys like to stay in
life and sorry the evening wasn't
exciting but I'm literally just making
paper cranes for like the rest of my
life so you want to say goodbye to you
too buddy wait madam yeah there you go
but I'll do another one when my life
doesn't get crazy blows kisses blown
kisses perfect buddy give me five
Gary five good night later guys
all right so it's about midnight and I
finally got home after doing cranes
forever and yeah I'm now I'm editing
this video and my 703 which comes out
tomorrow but I just want to say that as
this video goes up today this is the day
that I'm getting married so thumbs up
for that and I'll probably have a video
addressing the fact that I got married
hopefully um I have some footage could
be a crazy day so my priority is not to
have my camera by my side but I just
want to say thanks this has been a crazy
journey since I started doing YouTube
videos and everybody who has nice things
to say in the comments and support and
anybody who watches my videos it really
means a lot guys so uh getting married
today I'm psyched watch out for more
that but uh I will see you guys the
fugitive share good bye
you
