YouTube what is up guys do you have any
idea how dumb would look if humans did
not move their lips when they talk or
just open their mouths and sound came
out YouTube what's up guys so this is an
update video if you don't want to watch
and you don't got to watch and go watch
someone else on YouTube you gotta say I
got a point I mean you gotta say I got a
point but this is an update video and
it's gonna be kind of hurried because I
did my rehearsal dinner for my wedding
is tonight and I gotta go get my tux for
the wedding I got a freaking go do cool
stuff like that I gotta buy Sam Taber a
present because he's filming the wedding
and I want to say like you know you know
what's what's up Sam thank you sorry I
always talk start these out by talk
about how Bismol life has been okay this
has been the busiest week of my entire
life ever alright and I'm probably never
not gonna set it for a long time
alright for one I'm preparing for a
wedding so I'm always doing things you
know writing my vows I'm we're picking
out songs like like making a thousand
paper cranes as you'll see in a video I
do a day in life tomorrow so you'll see
that but I've been really busy on top of
that revived goddess boards and launch
and oh my gosh thank you guys I cannot
even begin to tell you how crazy our
vibe has been selling I'm just kidding I
can completely begin to tell you that
but I will I'm holding off on a second
I'm gonna still go on about how busy my
day-to-day life is so every night I work
until about 3:00 a.m.
alright and then I wake up at 8 o'clock
and I come here and I do revive stuff I
have to pack up a million things I am
taking the post office and that takes
forever because we've had a lot of
international orders and internet like
for instance I just had 12 international
orders that went out today
and it took me about an hour at the post
office so when we have like 50 orders to
put out in one day like that takes a
long time at the post office so I get
done with revive stuff finally and I try
to film stuff I've been using a lot of
classic lips cuz I simply haven't had
time to go out and film and then I meet
up with Britney and we do wedding stuff
until about midnight and then from that
midnight until 3:00 a.m. I work on
videos getting stuff ready for YouTube
and preparing for my videos from my
honeymoon so I've been doing this
throughout a week straight and I'm about
to punch myself in the brain okay but
it's got to come in don't feel don't
feel sorry for my brain because it has
is coming like it's been overdrive for a
while now but speaking of revive I'll
just get it out right here right now
thank you guys you guys are the complete
best like I cannot believe how fast we
sold enough skateboards within four
hours we sold like 140 skateboards and
we sold sunglasses
sticker packs like all that stuff we
literally on like the next shipping day
the post-office had to call backup
because there was simply not room in the
post-office like so it was awesome it
was it you know caused me to grow some
gray hairs I'm kidding stop the comments
I'm gray hairs but it was stressful but
it was really awesome to like to have
that magnitude of like oh my gosh like
people are supporting us this much so I
just want to say thank you very much we
have another order of boards on the way
hopefully it's here within like a week
and a half it's gonna be like 225 decks
and the next one will be like 300 decks
and eventually we will just be in stock
and we won't have to do this like you
know buy and buy and sell out buy and
sell out thing so the guys know who
Richard Jackson is if you don't you
probably don't skateboard but if you do
you know that he is like one of the
craziest groundbreaking skateboarders
out there and now he's pushing
skateboarding in ways that it just
hasn't been pushed and he's also my
friend and apparently he I was at a bar
and he had some guy randomly talk about
me acting as if he was hit me and he
asked my permission he was okay and you
cool if I do a show on you and I was I
thought he was joking it's like you're
not gonna do a show on me he's a show on
networking called the Richie Jackson
show and lo and behold he completely
meant it like it just popped him on the
subscriber fee and it was like the Andy
Shrock Richard Jackson shows like oh my
gosh so check this out it's hilarious
it's right down there in the info up
with link and I was really honored by it
but Richie you got a comment buddy I'm
gonna mess with you later this year I'm
not gonna say anything all right but be
ready for it guys I did a giveaway
involving this video and I message Ward
the winner and he hasn't gotten back so
I'm gonna pick a new winner
and so I I will announce it on my
Facebook who it is but I just got I got
to pick a new winner now because the
dude just to let me hang but speaking of
Richie have you guys seen older footage
of him he just he's like it kind of more
normal looking at his have a mustache
and he has like the leg long like dark
hair it kind of looks like Loki okay
from the Avengers world like in Thor
yeah look at this comparison
boom right if I am I crazy at the heel
kind of looks like Loki everyone go blow
them up online and be like hey you know
you're a bad guy from the Marvel Comics
how about that Reggie Jackson what
something great has happened in my life
okay my favorite video of all time a few
of you know it is earthbound okay this
is an RPG for the Super Nintendo back in
the day and it's like magical alright
it's like I don't know I can't explain
it just has
like ever since I played it I was like
well this is the best good video game
ever and you know like 20 years later I
still think it is best not 20 years
later that'd be a long time whatever at
this point in my life I still think it
is and it recently came out for the Wii
U okay if you have a Wii U you need to
get this game is ten dollars and you're
like it's just it's worth every penny
like I would like my friend has a Wii U
and he's not gonna buy it I'm gonna buy
it for him like that's how much I want
people to buy this game because for
years and years and years the fans of
this game have been trying to get it
like rereleased and that the sequels
translated because they're in Japanese
so I just like really wanted to do my
part and say please support this game it
is amazing is there your for teenagers
you're fighting like aliens and crazy
bad guys and like deranged animals and
it's hilarious like it's in modern times
like a lot of RPGs or just like I have a
sword and I was still a the dragon
you're a kid with a baseball bat
basically you just run around hidden
things when you need a life you eat
hamburgers like it's magical so get this
game and I just I have to do my part
it's my favorite game and it would be
good I would be lying to myself I didn't
try to support this alright so lastly I
want to talk about I'm getting married
in two days okay not tomorrow but the
next day and it's a crazy crazy event in
my life like I'm really happy for it at
the same time like I'm nervous for
different reasons we're not afraid of
getting married like my head's just like
all right you know I'm committed like
that doesn't worry me at all I've never
been afraid of getting married but
there's some things I don't want to
screw up like I'm singing Britney a song
in front of like everyone at her wedding
that's a 270 some people so I just like
kind of wrote it like a like within this
last week and I've been so busy I
haven't had a lot of time to practice it
so give me a thumbs up to support me not
screwing this up but uh nothing gonna do
alright but it's such a crazy time and I
just want to say thank you guys just I
mean I've came my life has changed so
much since I started doing YouTube
videos so a lot of you people have been
there for like everything that's
happened to me so I just want to say
thank you for supporting me guys and
getting me this far in life I mean like
I went from like working three jobs at
one time like serving tables like doing
all this stuff to just making videos
running a skateboard company and like
doing what I love to do so uh thank you
guys I'm about to get married and it's
awesome
so and the mushy part I'll start
wrapping the video up but I just want to
say thanks but videos to come tomorrow
we have a day in life 14 which is like
the actual day I get married
I know I just said in two days I'm
filming this on Thursday so today's
Friday when you're watching this and
yeah Dan left 14 on Saturday and then my
700 video on Sunday and then act like
the next like two weeks it's gonna be
kind of funky because I'm so busy and
then I'm about to go to my honeymoon so
bear with me but I know there's gonna be
another revived randomness somewhere in
the mix so be cite for that but I'm done
here guys thank you for watching my
videos if you want to see more subscribe
if you're not I think it's down there
and you'll get more really weird stuff
skateboarding
just whatever randomness I come up with
so I hope you guys like this video I'm
gonna as I leave I'm gonna hit myself
with this rubberband you know when
you're like 9 and you do this and you
scream like a girl
I just scream like a girl
I'm not ashamed I'm not ashamed at all
I'm manly see I got a hammer told you
I'm manly
blood has rushed to my face that's it
that's is it just Sunday and then the
next few week and a half with a few week
and a half really you speak such good
word that I would I would I would go to
a dictionary with you and have a cup of
tea did not make sense one bit yes it
did
stop doing that freaking stop
you
