he had that my gosh he totally had that
in fact kind of landed you know what I'm
saying but that was my old friend
Garrett Hayes and yeah it was very rare
that he even missed a trick like I'm
surprised I have the sponge because he
was one cat stop throwing tough where
buddy but no Garrett was like destined
to be a professional skateboarder
unfortunately it wasn't he's now a
successful painter he has some business
whatnot but I'm pretty sure he could
just grab a skateboard right now you
could probably do a front like you about
like he was really good he's just one of
those guys that's just awesome and
everything but sadly this wasn't the day
for him to land this and in his honor
give him a thumbs up I'm gonna drink
some juice and you know here's to
Garrett Hayes right here I'm spilling on
myself I know this kind of looks gross
it tastes delicious it kinda looks like
polar bear p not to be gross it doesn't
taste like polar bear p or well i guess
i can't really stand it cuz never had it
but let's just stop talking about p on
the internet gosh subscribe for more
videos i'm gonna go you guys
but no Garrett was like destined to be
preferable but no Garrett was like
destined to be favorite fricassee I just
watched that clip and now I can't even
get my I can't even get my face trade to
keep filming
you
