alright guys so at this time alright I
have pulled an embarrassing and
embarrassing skit out of my past to show
you guys alright I'm not gonna say
anything about it just watch yes master
Yoda we invited a disturbance at the
mines of Kessel and we are on our way to
the rendezvous point no there's no sign
of the bounty sorry this is a great
disturbance in the force
alright hey hold on before you just
judge me even though you probably
already have let me explain myself I was
in college and I made this and I found
out that I had the ability to make
lightsabers and I was like alright I
don't know what I'm doing and this is
probably gonna suck but I'm gonna go
fill a skit right now just so I can edit
the lightsaber into it so that's what I
came up with on my own I did this in the
middle of the night in Fillmore I names
who I lived with at the time had no idea
that was happening I got burst into his
room and fire the fake gun at him and
then I just you know closed the door and
I went about my night because that
didn't just happen
but I remember showing this to my
friends family they're like this is
really what you do with your free time
and like you know by now they wouldn't
even be surprised by oh yeah Andy was
walking around pretty much the Star Wars
kid too like that's that's what I felt
like I could have been the Star Wars kid
right oh gosh it hands-down my favorite
part of this is the stupid walk I do
towards the camera at the end because I
just imagine myself alone walking
towards the camera like that like who'd
I think I was Tom Cruise Skywalker what
so go down there and give this video a
thumbs up if you liked watching me look
like a huge idiot I know this is
embarrassing but I you know I don't
really mind looking like a dumb-dumb on
the internet I mean if you guys get a
laugh out of it that's all the matters
it'll have you know I got better at
making lightsabers nothing get really
good but I got good enough so you can
like actually watch it and be like okay
it doesn't look like he's holding a glow
stick you know if you do youtube search
for Andy Wars two and three they should
come up and they are much better on the
eyeballs I think you'll enjoy them a lot
more but I'm going to wave this ruler at
you guys for a second and go subscribe
if you want to see more videos got
skateboarding see it's randomness all
this fun stuff and yeah I'm gonna go be
straight busy cause I'm getting ready
for a wedding so thanks for watching
guys I will see you in the future the
show I'm taking like a man just kidding
MAGIX of editing didn't even mind the
southern face I am it was
noises Hummer Gord get a laugh out of it
that's all that matters
unless my grandchildren see this that'd
be a pretty weird thing be like hey this
is what your grandfather did like really
all right
that's weird he is weird person clip 4 I
passed out of my computer and then I
acted like a panting dog apparently four
randomly sporadic reasons I was a house
sporadic even a reason
