we have the skatepark entirely to
ourselves you guys wanna do some
skateboarding how do you want you see
Wade never been here
it is the hottest day in the whole world
hill of dallas
Oh new move you have this one dude give
us a five inch you're getting good fast
huh you are progressing my friend fast
fast that'll do bartle doo dude you just
need to go to the other side of the rail
that's it clothes over that like my toes
hang Thomas sit up oh you just got
punched in the head you're a sex change
good job thank you oh I see it happening
that's how you do it get back here naked
dude half naked happy birthday ha dude
you're just freaking website
congratulations but I'm sitting on
bleachers at a skate park why don't have
bleachers here yeah we're gonna have a
proud of people try to wop I know I need
to do a skit with a go team like just
rooting someone on dude aboard slut I
give but you're done
you
