see when you can't actually be as good
as two people pick up a canvas
you
slides we're trying to littering
just God yes-yes-yes-yes-yes-yes-yes-yes
that was good
you guys ever noticed that like when you
want someone to eat your fridge never
has anything into it but you go over to
someone else's house and you're like oh
my gosh
I would eat all of this just something
about it is that just me but yet I said
I was going to make this video and that
was a montage of some of Brett Novak's
footage in my videos in the past year so
he is one talented skateboarder you guys
already know that if you watch my
channel but a lot of people don't know
that because he they just known for his
work with Killian Martin and his awesome
edits over in his channel but um so yeah
he needs to have more scabbit as one
saying so Brett when you watch this dude
come on get on your board more we want
to see more Brett Novak in front of the
camera uh yeah but if you guys are not
subscribe to channel do so you will
credibly be happy about this click this
area right here and um you know you're
gonna get amazing videography like
literally he's like the freakin obi-wan
Kenobi with a camera and then lie and
then he just he does some stuff you're
like well maybe he's Darth Vader because
I don't know how I feel about that
but then OH Darth Vader was good so it's
like okay yeah he was not better because
he's a good guy in the end yeah did I
just throw Star Wars for you click that
and subscribe to Brett Novak he's
awesome did everything except monopoly
he stuck to monopoly
