headphones are on the way drag that foot
just won't stay on the grip bangerang
peter Skrillex yeah bangerang is from
hook from Peter Pan you know that right
haven't seen Peter Pan since I was like
you know of for Skrillex oh my gosh I
don't even adopted the runs that they
both the hyphen from the nasaka the
cheese fossils okay so what I want you
guys to do is get featured on my channel
I'm doing one of these things where I
safe show me your footage and i will
pick a handful of them and feature in my
channel if you guys want an opportunity
for one of your videos to be picked all
you got to do is make a video and submit
it as a video response to this video and
I'll go through them and over the next
few weeks and months you know I don't
know I'll pick them and upload them at
random if you're doing skateboarding
just pick you like 10 best tricks and
upload them because I don't have a lot
of time when looking through them to go
through like lengthy videos so just your
best skating because that'll accurate
represent you and then but it could be
anything it could be like goofy stuff
you know whatever is funny or like a
fall anything I think people would like
to watch and people would get psyched
and go to your channel on upload that so
um yeah can't we see you guys video
responses and you know after a while
i'll do a new one of these so you can
upload it then but you know last time I
did this I picked like I picked up a
handful of them so I'm excited to do it
again so get to uploading as video
responses guys and I will see you in the
future
hey what do you got going on you guys
are like all naked here yeah now there's
some shirts over there I just want to
work on my tan yeah well he looks naked
because he's wearing like a flush guard
shirt you don't look naked but you do
you don't say all right no there's
another naked all right for naked guys
yeah there we go naked rules
you
