dude these videos I ain't gonna miss
same without Sam yeah it's gonna suck
but I mean at least he's not gone
forever can we back just not every
single video yeah but like it'll just be
empty in a sense you know what I mean
yeah we definitely need to bring on some
new goofy blood I think
yeah for sure you got someone in mind I
actually have an idea yeah let's do this
I would have much rather even like three
double cheeseburger
they don't have double cheese rare Sam
here's ten hashbrowns you have two
minutes to eat them okay to me to see
them all
so not almond you are officially part of
the family your fists are oh I'm gonna
put the timer on right now okay you got
this
two minutes come on so you can't even do
that you got to you can five minutes hey
you got friends don't hate you i hate
hashbrowns we're gonna sue this is so
breezy all right ready yeah
Oh
one minute then we got like five left
you're doing good dude need to hustle
muscle would you care about this
to
did you guys
like whoo let's go to the parking lot
and celebrate yeah welcome to the team
my friend okay this red your color red
is my coat give me a chance bomb some
love I'm gonna throw up
oh yeah God you know where right now
that's the exact shirt I have on but
right now it is roadtrip time we are
going nonstop to Columbus Ohio let's go
should we get gas first nonstop non-stop
to Columbus
so we're on our way up to Columbus and
we're getting gas and this is a garlic
flavored candy which I'm totally gonna
give to Thomas and I just looked over
there and he was like caressing Sam it
was really weird looking but the way
this works is that it like tastes like
candy at the beginning I guess and then
once you get to a certain point is it
garlic so hopefully we can get his
reaction how these like weird German
candies you guys want this I'm through
the center of its really awesome that's
what she said
what what was wrong with the candy it
was gross what was wrong with it it
tasted like green puke you know why is
because it was garlic flavored candy
that's why it was like tastes like
I was eating dinner or something you're
pretty it tastes like you're eating
dinner
why do they come here mine and wipe does
Greenview taste differently the yellow
Beauty this is still us but thanks for
being a trooper Thomas hit it don't give
me that candy
here in the bud chic iPod you want to
stop no I don't want to stop away keep
going all right hey bother bunchy
Oh
Alex yeah have you ever that drink dude
okey-dokey
Casey freakin bechler people
how good does that feel feels pretty
good this is pretty good let me get some
water let me get some water do you want
a water
Oh No
give up and harder
right
like good oh is that it yeah first job I
just walked over here they're doing
matching Joey Bruce out slow but whoo
that was smooth there's a ledge over
here you guys want skateboard on you
want to it I'll try
like I'm
do you see that that was my trick that I
contribute to this video I was right got
it on film - all right so our day has
ran out here but this episodes are over
we're gonna continue in Cincinnati but
before we do that I want to say thank
you buddy
no problem this is Casey Beckler and you
need to check out his channel be right
down the info he's been a big supporter
of revenge slash revive since the
beginning hey high-five it right here
I'm gonna leave why are you right why
why was that bad yeah man what up man
how's it going we're back in Cincinnati
now and we're gonna go finish this
episode up in the streets of Cincinnati
that was redundant but I got 2 bottles
of water I'm gonna smash them back up
Sam Tabor oh okay what oh I guess you oh
wait this guy we go let's go right here
what's up Casey came back I said oh
we're leaving Casey and he's back in
Cincinnati so uh stuff sure goes down
all this water let's go streetscape
hello Brenner's hi Andy hi YouTube hi
YouTube
they say
oh yes oh no what you got you just got
an Arizona out of that yeah happiness
like do right here not even Arizona
their first try I think you just get it
do it first try
when he asked for there's no that's
called that's called Arizona first try
berries on a first rums yeah good job
buddy I think
I can feel it every day
I know you
but I'm too
if you and bear
there you guys go we are avenged 37 is
done for the ender bride aim isn't gonna
bat some water into the trunk of his car
you pitch no you did it
I wasn't ready we got to do that again
gosh how are you not ready I wasn't I do
you think this is a good angle like this
Brian Eames got bad water ball in that
would you know normally you continue
filming there you are water bottle this
episode is done goodbye people on the
Internet
is it time no idea
you
