great video hey Thomas you got to like
jump down the gap to do it man
all right so guys big news finally
revived skateboards are in stock you can
go over the store right now I'll be
right down there our website should be
live we just launched a new website but
yeah I had to do a little video telling
you guys but these boards are going to
go fast so if you want one jump on it
there's a lot of people saying they're
gonna buy like multiple at a time just
so they have them and it took us a long
time to get these in stock I don't think
the next batch will take that long but
these are gonna sell out fast and we are
gonna be out for a couple weeks
at least so uh hanging here for it
though but I'm super really super really
mega excited to tell you guys know about
this I didn't plan this video that's
what I'm saying all these random words
in between but oh yeah we got sunglasses
to check these out boom when girls see
you in these they're like wow I got my
date tonight
alright I'm we're going to the movies
somebody watching 2x and movies
assignment out that's how good these
glasses are fight Wizards popcorn is
gonna be a feast so uh yeah jump on that
go to the store grab things while you
can and thank you guys for all the
support you guys Rock
I'll see you in the future and watch out
for we are avenge 37 tomorrow big big
weekend for a vibe right and I got holes
in my pants look I'll you ready hit the
face you work I wasn't I'm not that type
of guy alright hit Sam yeah I am that
type of guy I didn't mean all right stop
