YouTube what is up guys so I have done a
video telling you how to set up a
skateboard but for anybody out there
that's about to head to the store to get
a skateboard for the first time you're
like what do I need this video is for
you and make a checklist I have to set
up a new board today and I thought I
would make a little checklist for you
for you setting up your skateboard your
new skateboard okay this is what you
need to go to the skate shop again a
skateboard first thing you need is a
skateboard deck of course the wooden
piece they comes with a grip tape
usually when you buy it from a skate
shop it's going to come with grip tape
sometimes you have to pay extra for it
but yes right here this is a revived 8
inch deck I own this company I skate it
I love it
I really believe in this wood but you're
gonna need a skateboard clearly because
you wouldn't have anything under your
feet if you didn't that's got some am
grip grip tape I also I ride for AM grip
and I did a terrible little sticker
folded right there but that's ok it
doesn't really matter
next thing you're going to need is
wheels you need to rule okay you're
gonna need wheels ok you could pretty
much just look at a skateboard and come
up with all the stuff like that's the
easy part
wheels trucks and intact especially if
you're ordering from an online skate
shop this is really good to know so
you're gonna need your wheels this is
forced wheels 52 millimeter it's a good
starting size if you want to just go
fast in BOM hills and go bigger as my
boys and Johnny Giger's wheels he can do
some things on scape where he is so
talented trucks this is what holds the
wheels to your skateboard this is my
sponsor
Orion trucks these guys have had my back
for ever and I love them this is like a
black matte finish which I haven't
skated anything but raw in a while so
I'm kind of excited to see how this
skates it's amazing life is great with
trucks they're very truculent Google
that word inside those wheels to be able
to get them to roll you're going to need
bearings these bearings are going to go
inside the wheel and then the wheel is
going to go on the truck and then you're
gonna roll it'll be great how is that
truck gonna get onto your skateboard
with hardware here's little bolts and
nuts it's very simple you put them in
the holes on the skateboard and you
fasten them down to the truck that's
pretty much all you're going to need now
if you want to get everything to be able
to go start skateboarding out the gate
I would advise getting some skate shoes
normal shoes just don't hold up there
awkwardly shapes skateboarding shoes are
meant for skateboarding and they do the
job yeah go to your local shop if you
don't have a local shop
our online skate shops ran by
skateboarders I myself have one it's
called the shred quarters calm which is
just right over there so I'm gonna do
I'm gonna put this together I'm going to
talk a little bit and then do some
tricks for you and then we'll go over to
chase trekkers and if you wanted all
that in a visual format here is your
checklist that's what you need to
skateboard you also need a body so if
you don't have one of those be creative
because people can totally skate without
certain party parts but a body helps
okay let's get down to the video oh
that's going everywhere to get that
alright so if you watch my videos if you
watched my videos last week you be like
Andy you just set up a board why are we
seeing two set of videos back-to-back
and it's because I gave away my
skateboard so in Hawaii I recently did a
filming trip in Hawaii I had too many
skateboards okay so I was given a
skateboard to bring back and all of it
wasn't going in my suitcase like all
right what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
give away my skateboard I'm using right
now as a fine complete a word great but
I gave it to one of my friends who did
not have a board and then I had an a
backup deck which I gave to one of my
other friends who could use it so that
didn't go to waste it went to people
that could honestly use them which I
always loved dropping bolts I always
loved giving back and helping out people
that need it and these are my friends
they're not in dire need or anything but
it didn't go to waste is the important
part
what did it truck on here dude this is a
very I didn't mean to color-coordinate
this but this is gonna look good I'm
gonna look especially with what I look
like I'm gonna look like a Power Ranger
I saw the new Power Ranger video at the
movie so I was flying to Hawaii and I
saw the Power Rangers movie and it was
like the first half of it is actually
like it's it's somewhat decent and then
when it gets into power in German it's
like oh yeah this is definitely the
Power Rangers I mean if you're gonna
watch a Power Ranger movie you're not
expecting like a lord of the rings' or
you know you're not expecting more than
a Power Ranger but it's pretty cool you
know dude when they when they go out on
the swords for the first time it kicks
into the Go Go Power Rangers and I felt
like I was like eight again or how old I
was when that happened and I was I got
emotional for a second and I was like
why am I feeling emotion from a Power
Rangers it's because if you felt like a
kid because he was freaking morph in
time yeah I'm about to talk about this
on my podcast is that I feel like when
everyone gets adults they like become
movie snaps like why can't just watch a
movie let it be a dumb movie and
Entertain You
yes I know the ratchet works I just
prefer not to do it
who's the wretched I don't know man
feel like I just feel like going like
that is more productive than going like
you get tired it's not good first now
it's working great maybe I should I
gained 10 pounds in Hawaii
I'd even eaten like crazily I and I
skated every day I have no idea how I
gained 10 pounds but I did it I'll
probably lose 4 pounds today just by
being back on my diet in the skating but
my gosh man I can eat all the comments
I'm gonna be like yeah it kind of looks
like you gained 10 pounds man it's it's
astonishing how fast you can put like
visible weight on your body at least me
like Alex Beadon couldn't put weight on
his body if he just ate the world I
could do it within 24 hours I can double
my weight when you talk about video
games online that's a thing people like
for whatever reason people really care
if you played their system or not and
I've said it before but it's like it's
kind of like saying like you've got a
cat
you suck please have a dog why would you
ever have a cat it's like it literally
sounds that stupid to me you play xbox
you put a Playstation you can play a
1990 computer I could care less whatever
it makes you happy you do you juju
bearings I forgot to tell you guys these
are juju bearings I'm doing these in
honor of Jason Park I'm about to eat
this this is some solid packaging please
get out of your box you gonna like open
that you gotta open this like four times
like I'm not even to the casing there's
like this there's the the cardboard
there's a plastic wrap and then you got
to open the box totally work all right
we got where did that go
also at we're the skateboarding
checklist you have to remember your
phone because nothing means anything
these days if you don't document it on
social media I feel like no like the
average person that goes to the gym
can't not tell somebody about it they
know what you look like they know you
the gym looks like we're good
that's how busy my life is I am using
the wrong side of this I've had some
vitamin D I was in Hawaii this wasn't
all the way in it's going in it's
spinning you looks fake the last wheel
right here is about to be on and I got
to worry about my trucks because a new
complete brand-new everything is coming
tough sometimes all right everything's
rolling it looks like a tech deck but
it's gonna be good I'm gonna tighten the
trucks just to assume they need it
that's probably Titan I meant to skate a
monster graphic I totally meant to put
on air in Cairo's new monster deck all
right whatever we'll talk about that the
end
kickflip test these trucks are a little
loose but I'm gonna I'm gonna rock the
kick up test watch I shouldn't have done
it I pushed that was my mistake
let's hide this up a little bit let's
try this again let's do some
skateboarding though I'm gonna try to do
four tricks and then I have something
cool for you guys that was some masonite
burn right there
that was a little Stolley but I've never
done that on this so I'm happy
trick one done if that wasn't the
coolest way to sit down although was
good I couldn't tell I didn't know if I
slid it weird or funny or short
all right so house you can see I
struggled a little bit but she's good
because I need the exercise but the cool
thing is I think I've done I've never
done those specific tricks on these
obstacles so it feels good but let's go
over here I'm going to show you what I
meant to put on this board this is
awesome I love this graphic but I meant
totally much put something else on
here's our online skate shop the
Strikeforce calm here it is I meant to
put this one on air in Cairo's new
graphic because it's awesome it's
Halloween for one so that's why
everybody should want to skate a monster
deck but this one like is specifically
not no offense to all other pros they're
awesome not like this one
Doug's is pretty cool too the melty yeah
but in honor of Halloween in the
monsters I'm going to do is give away
Casey where are you get a piece of paper
draw a monster oh my gosh I'm sweating
hey can we take the ad real monster dude
with the whole design balls they might
be better than this they might be worse
but this weekend from now through Monday
morning every single monster deck and
I'll have shown you guys in a second
every single monster day gets a
hand-drawn monster by one of us here's
Doug's no here's Johnny's Johnny's is
looking good
Doug's is looking good and then John
Hills boom so those are the monster
decks if you get one of those custom
hand drawn monster but thank you guys
for watching my video I do videos here
all the time so if you want to see more
from me just hit the subscribe button
right down below it signs you up to see
more videos it's free and I like to have
fun and not take it too seriously so I
hope you guys enjoyed it all this stuff
the shred quarters calm is that a skate
shop I'm talking about and that's it I
hope you guys have a great weekend get
out there in skateboard if you can hand
tomorrow have a awesome Hawaii video so
tune in peace this is peace but I said
that's fine that's a one two three four
pieces for peace I don't have to talk
about
this is a social experiment Casey put
this on your face do it do it now rip it
off
thank I'm not gonna rip it off actually
it's not that bad
great so that social experiment sucked
what a boring clip no well I'm sweaty
what didn't work for me my cheeks skin
all over it you want it
