yeah that totally happened and we're
just watching that again cuz that was
that was worth watching twice did you
see that that was my trick that I
contribute to this video haha Oh is
right got it on film too all right so
I'm gonna be honest that totally
happened on accident like I hadn't kinda
just through the head up and Thomas was
like hey you know what hats in there I'm
gonna walk under and when I saw it
happen like I was like my gosh how
perfect was that like honestly I felt
like I landed a good skateboarding trick
I was like more satisfied that by some
of the tricks on land of that day and
frankly if we were trying to do this I
feel like this would have taken us like
40 tries like this that is not easy to
do it was like boom on there perfectly
and I just had choked you guys but this
was actually wore out filming for
revenge 37 which drops tomorrow I will
throw it in there but if it would be a
crime if I didn't make this its own
video and I felt it was a good way to
hype up the actual episode so be excited
for it and a thumbs up for the most
miraculous accidental trick in the world
and I feel like I have to say something
on Thomas's fedora because I know it
like it matches the look he rocks to
look but at just at the same time I'm
like torn like I have no idea how I feel
about his fedora it's just it I look at
and be like I do not know how to feel I
didn't start doing hat-tricks more often
because you know we have the key trick I
got need to start doing a hat-trick
series it is an idea I'm gonna start
right here right now I'm gonna seize the
day if you may I was a horrible rhyme
but this is my lucky hat I wore this for
way too many years and it's getting hat
trick ok ha you didn't see that one
coming did you now I'm just a talking
face with a Mario and a mouth it's me
subscribe or die by
what here's your freakin fedora look
like from you're from LA I'm MJ you look
like hair kopecky
you
