Wow better real bad all right so you may
have seen this clip before I uploaded
this by itself on my channel years ago
and I got a lot of views okay like a lot
of people must want to see me fall onto
my face and I don't blame him I'm pretty
good at falling on my face but I never
really talked about this clip so I kind
of want to revisit it and just kind of
fill you in on the story when i first
started skating handrails were where
it's at like I watched zero videos i
watched or mystery video just like
wanted to skate handrails on and the
street I grew up on was beechmont Avenue
and this is pretty much the only
handrail on it there's a lot there's
some dinky ones here and there but like
none that you can actually get on the
slide so there was this rail and it's a
13 stair and we call it the slides of
faith because we just thought we would
never be good enough to skate it well I
got good enough to skated and I skated
it finally and the first few goes that
this thing was a disaster watch these
Falls see so I took some tumbles and
those might have looked bad and I mean
honestly they probably were bad but I'm
kind of durable or at least I used to be
and I just got up and kept skating it
and I landed my front board I totally
landed
and then I got the idea that I want to
do all my other tricks on it so I want
to do a 50-50 and then I want to do a
switchboard slot and want to do a lip
slide and then I probably would have
been happy I don't know I skated rails a
lot back then so i probably could have
done those but the 50-50 didn't really
go so well now that would hurt I'll be
I'll be honest okay and like my face is
actually flying on the concrete and I
just like get my hand right in between
the way instead of like smacking my face
on the ground I smacked my face onto my
hand which is on the grounds and I was
freaked out I was like because I've
never had a really an issue on 50 50 s
and rails he just jumped on you were
scared but you jumped on road the thing
out and then jumped off you went back up
and you stuck it to the ground you
rolled away and you're like yeah buy me
some pretty KFC or whatever you're
eating that night and I have no idea why
I turned his like Ace Ventura when I
fell I think that my first instinct was
just look at the camera be like oh that
hurt real bad real bad I mean I was
being sarcastic I it did hurt but I
didn't like you know sit there on the
ground in a ball like oh I can't skate I
actually got up and I tried to skate I
rolled up to a bunch of times and I was
just kind of shaken up so I didn't do it
and unfortunately I didn't get to go
back and land it because soon after a
car hit the rail and just took it out
and nowadays they put in two new rails
that are kinked so I'm really not going
back to hit it i'm sorry but thumbs up
for being a man about this and I allowed
to say that without being an egotistical
idiot I feel like any time you snap into
something that kind of sounds like Jim
Carrey it's it's a good way to handle
the situation baby hand in in general
you know which makes me think of that
whoa whoa alright hey I got bagel here
in the office today and he just tried to
call his way up me ow that hurt no i'm
not doing it i'm not doing
but I bought a pound a pump--ow
developing a pun doing it whoa oh whoa
sorta imac hahaha but i guess for
watching if you want to see more of my
videos click this right here that will
subscribe to my channel get you more
skateboarding skits randomest whatever
and then if you want to see another
revisited video boom click that right
there and if you don't want to see any
of those you probably haven't watched
this much of the video and I'm talking
to someone that's not their potentially
potentially I'm gonna go juggle by
myself
you
