do that that ledge does nothing for
anybody even you guys I'll take oh
that's how you compromise as you land is
sloppy here you go how's sick the tricks
alright guys so yeah that was a kind of
my go-to trick saw some of you have
probably straight up sick of seeing me
do those tricks but you know hey I'm
gonna upload my footage so deal with it
I film these for aaron karas channel so
I've described to him you've already
seen these things and I just like you
know what I want my footage be on my
channel too so he made a couple videos
out of these and I just put them
together and boom you would just watch
that so if you've seen that already i'm
sorry if not uh there you go i hope that
held you over i actually have another
Steve video coming this week of myself
so hang in there but I'm gonna go expect
more footage for me soon every day I
don't even know why I need to say that
but look at this I just juiced a bunch
of fruit and I got to clean that up and
you're probably like wow that look looks
like puke straight straight puke
anything for show me that it's fruit
dude calm down my gosh
you
