alright guys I haven't done a question
and answer video in a while so I'm doing
right now I asked you guys on Facebook
and I'm gonna scroll through and answer
a handful questions and uh I don't know
that's what's gonna happen
Kristin Burkhart asks have you ever
thought about leaving Ohio yes I was
actually planning on moving to LA and
then I met my wonderful fiancee and I
was like you know what maybe I'll stay
in Sin City and then and then when we
had a child I was like yes I definitely
should stay in Ohio um so yeah I thought
about leaving but um if it happens it's
not happening time soon it happened a
little on later in life now Dylan Graham
asks do you feel the need to progress
the skateboarder or are you content
going and doing some trails of a bank
and enjoying your tricks you know both I
mean I love mellow sessions but I mean
I'm always trying to learn new tricks I
feel like it gets boring if you're not
like you know I feel like if you just
get to that zone where you're like I
don't really care to do anything new it
gets kind of boring so uh no I'm always
trying to do new things maybe not go
like bigger stairs and gaps in rails
anymore but like different tricks and
new tricks
always always progressed Cory Dixon asks
who is my favorite superhero and that is
a good question my friend um in
concerning the movies I would say Iron
Man because Robert Downey jr. is
fantastic but overall like comics movies
but uh I think I would say spider-man
he's he's got a pretty cool set of
Brandon Baker asks do you have any clips
of you getting credit card or popsicle
yes I do go into my channel and type
like skateboard gets hit in the wiener
or something I'm sure will come up I've
got a cat Paul I got I like smear queer
curve angle look look what you're doing
you're interrupting youtube okay Joseph
Fillmore asks what is your opinion on
men taking selfies one I think the name
selfies that I'm glad he quoted it
because it's a pretty stupid term but I
really don't care I think they can be
kind of funny if you're doing I'm in a
comical way but I the best thing about
this is that Thomas of revive says it's
for your girl why not huh that's the
best response ever just because it's
from Thomas but uh you know I personally
turn out to like take a picture of my
face I do it one small if I like there's
a reason
- like if I'm wearing a certain shirt or
something but I don't just do it just to
show my face and Internet my gosh the
world has seen my face enough I feel
like but if you do it no judging do what
you got to do I guess
Seth asks why do you always roll up your
left sleeve and there's no real crazy
secret it's not like the red shirt thing
where I have like a meaning behind it I
just honestly I just started doing it
when I was 16 and to this day I still do
exciting answer right Catelynn
everything asks what's the best feeling
when skateboarding and I the best
feelings I have felt in skateboarding is
when I have a comp or something that I
did not think I was able to like when I
rolled away from Hollywood 16 like just
like an energy like went through my body
and I was like am I about to be a
Dragonball Z dude this is nuts
but I don't know and I like scare myself
and I landed and it feels like just good
those are the times that I'm just like
this is why a skateboard when you do
something that you just didn't think you
could do the hands that did quit pulling
at me Brendan says my question is just
why um that's interesting question I me
pretty much just because of all these
straws like if it wasn't if these straws
weren't here I probably wouldn't even do
it in the first place no but um it's
just the way it goes you know there's
got to be a reason for something Conor
Burke asks in my book how many of the
characters are you still good friends
with or skate with and can you say who
some of the characters represent I'm not
going to go into who who's who in the
book the characters are based on real
people for the most part but I will say
that the person al is based on is Brian
Eames there you guys go but mike is
actually uh he's a real person he's
based on a real person and he's the best
man at my wedding
um and then you know like Wes I still
talk to him uh Jake not so much and um
Gary not so much but Gary was like my
brother back in the day so yeah and all
those people are like based on real
people but bry names is Alice the only
person I'm going to say right now Bry
names is out is based on brownies drew
flippin asks if you could be any person
from Lord of the Rings who would it be
and why I would probably say Legolas and
I mean again just because all the straws
like completely he's just like he has
these he's like shooting this freaking
bow of people he's being all
suave and he's like hey when he says
things like hey you know it is like oh
my gosh
Legolas rocks Kurt Yamaguchi asks a very
like my mind boggling question for
anybody not mind boggling on Eliza that
but if you could go back in time and
change something in your life what would
you do and when would you do it well I
would not you know there's somebody it'd
be really hard to like relive your life
and be like what you couldn't Mona do
differently cuz you could make yourself
like a millionaire and stuff but I would
do nothing because I everything that
I've done the mistakes and the good
things have got me to where I am right
now
and I like where I am right now I'm
about to get married I have a little
dude that's like my the best things
around me so no I would not change
anything and um you know I feel like
that's the adventure of life is like
just like seeing what you do and what
choices you make so sorry boring answer
I know Jonathan Alexander war have you
ever thought about doing drugs no not
really I've had way too many friends
kind of just like destroy their lives
not destroyed but severely inconvenience
their lives over drugs I've had friends
kill themselves after getting into drugs
too deeply so I just stay away from him
not for me Xavier uh Magana asked what's
the most trouble you've gotten in in one
time I got arrested and taken to
juvenile hall like juvenile jail first
for skateboarding but I wasn't
skateboarding I was literally just
sitting at a place where my friends were
skateboarding I was just sitting there
and they arrested us and they put four
of us in the back of a cop car and
handcuffed his together I thought my arm
was breaking I was like oh my gosh are
you serious
so yeah and then I went to jail it's
kids jail whatever you call it and my
dad picked me up and he was he was upset
they got arrested for something as
stupid as skateboarding but then he was
more mad at me they didn't know where I
was I was like are you kidding me I'm
getting trouble here gosh for the wrong
reasons like he wasn't mad like I got
arrested for something stupid he was he
was mad that I didn't tell him where I
was so that's probably the most trouble
I've gotten into and that was when I was
16 I think some like that Dean Cary
yarrow if I'm sorry if I spotted a
marquel I just fell it at all I said
your name wrong can your fiance do any
tricks and yeah she he started skating
for a couple weeks and she did like a
four-inch ollie and a pop
of it nothing it's pretty um much all
that she got to because then she got
pregnant and she was like hey I'm not
scared anymore because I got a baby
inside me will you stay you stupid
pineapple could you just sit here all
this pineapple juice we could Alec wrote
Kooskia asks biggest air said gap you
have skated and what's the thoughts on
her skippers now then pros back in the
day um biggest stairs I've tried to
Ollie like a huge gap but as big as a
fifteen stair and then I landed the
Hollywood sixteen i board slid it so
those are the probably the two biggest
things I've skated um pros compared to
now or now compared to back in the day I
thought back in the day when I was
growing up the pros are a little more
magical like everyone wasn't like I mean
there's so much talent and skateboarding
it's kind of hard to grasp what's going
on back then it was a little easier
because there was like there were the
pros and you saw all the video parts
come out and you kind of knew who they
were and you had a connection with them
now there's like there's frickin Jimmy
Pro and then like freakin Jack Pro is
gonna come and like you forget about
Jimmy Pro so if that meant sorry that
was a bad way to put it but you know I
feel like it was easier to kind of get a
grasp professional skateboarding ten
years ago but it's awesome you know the
plus of this is that you can see of so
many amazing tricks these days and like
the craziest skating ever so there's
pros and cons of both generations I
guess
Brandon over base says how has starting
a family play a role in your skating and
business the negatives the positives
just wondering I'm in the same situation
in a way I provide but I don't believe I
have to go skating is for my family but
a lot of people act as if I should well
unfortunately for me skating is how I
support my family like I go out there
and I make videos and I you know I have
the business so it's it's almost like
you know when normal people would go to
work to to create a paycheck for their
family I go skate or I ship orders out
and I do that stuff but um in general in
life you know if you're gonna have like
a positive mindset and like supportive
family you have to be happy about your
own life so even if you can't make a lot
of time because your family comes first
of course but skating is a thing that
makes you happy so I wouldn't make time
to do it like even if it's just once a
week like get out there and skate and if
you know your family and your loved ones
they should see that you know they
should kind of be like well you got to
do you know you have to make yourself
happy too so um no you do not have to
give up anything that you actually love
doing so uh you know if I feel like a
lot of people think that having a family
is like the hardest thing in the world
and like it's like you have to have the
right mindset like this is the most
important thing but if you have that
attitude like you just make time for all
the other things that matter to you so
um there's my wisdom advice for all you
dudes in the same situation as me having
a family and trying to skate at the same
time but there you guys go I hope you
guys like this little question answer
video I'll do more of these for sure if
you want to get involved you can always
like my Facebook page and follow it
there it'll be right down there info and
I'll put it on the screen right here so
yeah all you got to do is like that and
uh every once in a while I'll say hey
ask me questions and then I'll go
through them like I did just right here
thank you for everybody for asking
questions I'm sorry I can't get them all
but I just I grabbed a handful of them
and I enjoyed it so um bagel you freaky
cat so you want subscriber time oh wait
you're cat and you can't talk you are
horrible in English not to rub it in
you're better being cute to me though
