Wow
it looked like you got overconfident and
you're like yeah I don't know how you
made it over there maybe I should just
do that oh all right
I think I feel harder you did
oops dude I almost hit your face I'm
right out of Ledge
YouTube what is up guys so stupid Falls
are like the best kind of Falls and
skateboarding hands down like when your
friend Falls and it's obvious that he's
completely made a fool of himself
everyone just laughs and like the
sessions just fun you know but that what
someone actually Falls and gets hurt
like especially if it looks fun it kind
of sucks you're like oh I should be
helping him up but I'm really trying not
to laugh right now this sucks
unless is one of those like completely
like you just match your face open
there's blood everywhere then then don't
try to light don't laugh that's a good
just don't laugh don't want to laugh
that's why I'm trying to say you know if
your friend's eyeballs on the concrete
you're like I'm not laughing this is not
funny but sometimes people take some
hard Slams that you're just funny
looking and just don't want to laugh but
stupid Falls you're like yes I can laugh
we're all laughing here I'm not guilty
I'm not a jerk right and I know some
people are embarrassed by this but you
shouldn't be I mean everyone has these
Falls no matter how good you are in
skateboarding I have that phone where
your board gets back under you you slip
out you fall in a bush your legs are
sticking the air that'd be really hard
to do but if it did I hope I hope it's
on film I would laugh so go down there
give this video a thumbs up if you're
one of those people that have had some
stupid Falls and you enjoy them yourself
I hope you like this video I'll do these
once a while where I collect all my
stupid Falls and hard falls or whatever
and put them into montages so yeah stay
tuned for more content subscribe if
you're not already where I think it's
out here you know I always did wonder
where it is but it's right down there so
so click the subscribe button if you
already not to that didn't make sense
I'm gonna go before I say something more
stupid or ever now just add words at
this point pants
you
