you too what's up guys so this is an
update video or I'm gonna talk about
life and all that stuff that's going on
and if you don't understand what I'm
saying right now if you don't understand
English I have this thing where I can
just say it into this thing and it just
says in Spanish is pretty cool watching
parkour rapido Oh a koomina todo el
hielo que necesita para TI gnoffo so
there you go if you believe that that's
weird because that was completely not
believable I just clicked this thing on
here and it said some about like fast
refreshing and a party full of eggs I've
no idea but I'm gonna do the update
video now in English but what's up guys
this is an update video and my life has
of course been busy as it always is but
I'm planning a wedding this month or one
more so my fiance Brittany she's doing a
lot of it but I have you know I'm not
not helping her like there's a lot of
stuff I've used to so with making videos
going on trips to film for the full
length video trying to get this company
up and going again and trying to do a
wedding it's like it's really good like
I literally have to just sacrifice doing
things like all right well I can't make
that video they had an idea for so
that's a bummer but I'm you know I'm
excited to get married and then once the
honeymoon happens and I get back I'll be
in full swing of things like alright
back to the normal flow of things and I
cannot wait like I'm excited for the
wedding but holy face I cannot wait
until it's done in some aspect does that
make sense am i a jerk I don't know a
nurse will just notice is that this this
frame right here is wait this is usually
we gotta fix this okay let's back it up
a little bit boom see this is way better
this smells like an update video an FYI
I know I say this all the time but is
hot in this room I think this is the
hottest it's ever been so if I'm a
sweaty mess by the end of this I'm sorry
and there's a huge mount tsunami storm
didn't make sense but there's a huge
storm coming and if the power goes out
you'll be like okay well that video is
over I'm done alright so you guys want
to know something I've been doing lately
up in juicing lately cuz my weight is
coming up and I need to lose weight fast
you know I get for whatever reason my
metabolism is just kind of idiot these
days it's like no matter how much I diet
like it just doesn't do it so I gotta
like really hardcore diet and juicing is
like a way to do this so I'm doing that
and it's a lot easier I thought it was
gonna be I felt like just drinking fruit
juices was gonna be tough but like I
mean I get hungry and I get headaches a
little bit because I'm not having any
caffeine but like I'm doing pretty good
other than being a sweaty mess right now
so hopefully in a couple weeks here
you're like wow and you look like a
skinnier dude so hopefully that happens
if not I'll be the same fat guy that
talks too much on the Internet
so row five skateboards I know I get a
million questions every single day when
these decks are coming in and I finally
have good news okay today is Friday and
I'm filming this on Wednesday and as of
Wednesday they're saying that they
should ship on Friday I'm not expecting
them just ship till Monday or Tuesday
just to play it safe in my head but
regardless in a week to week and a half
we will have our vive skateboards okay
if this falls through I'll let you guys
know but right now they have finally
said hey we're sending your decks out
I'm and completely for us to frustrated
that has taken this long but it is what
it is and I'm just happy we finally got
I'm really getting like a hundred and
some in and a lot of those go to the
team so when they get here if you want
one get it because a lot of people are
talking about like getting three at a
time and whatnot so uh bear with us we
will be back in action to be getting
like five hundred at a time so we'll get
good supply in a months from now but
right now you just gotta kind of bear
with us and everyone who's supporting us
thank you so much you're the best I love
you even Ted that weird guy that talks
you know talks behind my back I'm cool
with it
we also did a new color combo on the
live skate die revive shirt this is what
we changed it to because the
best-selling revenge shirt was this
color combo and I like to get this and I
just felt like the other color combo
like it looked good before we got it
printed onto a shirt but when it came in
I was like yeah that looks kinda awkward
to me but uh but if you guys liked it a
lot of you guys bought the the first
color combo tell me what you like if you
like this better or you like the other
better we'll stick with whatever you
guys think so get to commenting tell us
on the revive Facebook whatever just get
us the info guys so if you guys been
following my channel this year you'll
know that I've been going on a lot of
skate trips ok went to Philadelphia
twice I went to LA I went to San
Francisco and I went to Chicago Rison I
don't really tell anybody and I kind of
just went but I did meet a lot of cool
people there and it was awesome meeting
you guys and hanging out but the one
thing that I completely failed at was
skating Street like I have never I have
never skated Chicago Street ever and
I've only tried really once but every
time I kind of in the areas I never see
a lot of street spots so the next time I
go to Chicago I'm gonna have to have
like a tour guide and like hey this is
where you need to skateboard because
like I drove around downtown and like
the north side and the the west side of
like the main Chicago area and Ida came
with nothing so I finally just left I
think I'm going back to Cincinnati
because we got a lot of park footage for
our events 38 but the street was just it
was just lacking
it was it was lacking right yeah see I
questioned my words have even make sense
anymore like it's like completely normal
and I'm like did I just say that right
because usually I'm an idiot but after
we get back in the honeymoon I'm I do
have one more California trip to do I
think and then I'm gonna go to
Philadelphia or New York with Josh maybe
both I don't know but it'll be fun I'm
excited by the same time I've been
traveling so much like I can't wait to
just like I am home for three months
just to hang out with my family and you
know didn't work from home I'll be like
the best feeling ever
Hey how are you you're wondering why I'm
flexing like this is because I saw
Superman and that actually was just a
really cheesy way to begin this clip but
yeah I was really excited for Superman
because everyone's like best movie ever
best movie ever like best movie this
year oh my gosh
my grandma got her frickin nose fried
from watching it was so good that was
probably the weirdest thing I've said
about that but yeah people said it was
gonna be good and I was just like all
right yeah I'll watch it I'm really
excited for this and it was good but I
felt like something fighting like at
least towards the end it was just like
almost too much I'm like all right this
is a little literally watching like it's
real-life Dragon Ball Z and it was it
was good but and then there were a lot
of cheesy lines so like it wasn't as
good as I was going I felt like it got
topped up too much so this year I'm
saying that Star Trek 2 and Iron Man 3
or the movies of the year those are the
best if you haven't seen them you go my
gosh oh my gosh see them right now not
right now wait till they get come out on
blu-ray or DVD or VHS or whatever you
have alright but I'm gonna start
wrapping up this video before I melt in
my chair cuz it's ridiculously
uncomfortable down here videos to come
we have we are avenged 37 dropping in
about a week and then I'm really I'm
just gonna whatever I can get like I'm
sure we'll see some ride videos and
skate videos of course but and I'm gonna
try to do another day in the life here
soon but whatever I can come up with I'm
going to show you so bear with me it's a
crazy time in my life and then my
honeymoon is gonna happen which I will
have videos during that I'm just working
really hard to get extra videos so I
don't have to work when I'm on my
honeymoon because I'm not I'm not I'm
gonna have my computer but I'm not gonna
be talking to you guys so if I don't
comment or post anything on my social
medias that's why cuz I'm relaxing in
Jamaica with my wife but that's it guys
thank you for watching my videos and
stay tuned for more content I'm gonna go
it is mario trip hat-trick time I'll go
with it I'll go this it's kinda like a
red pancake on my head oh yeah see see
see see
see see see see
but I am gonna start wrapping up this
update with you guys
snake snake snake snack this was not
planned obviously because it's not coop
like I feel like my metabolism is really
slowing down lately did I say that right
and type of data that's like a word that
you don't have to like pronounce the
people just get all these probably
trying to say that like oh my my top of
math is so bad these days I man I just
can't get it pick up my metabolize and I
need I need it you know I need a quick
mentality stop few days I've been
juicing and that means Brian ants is
calling me course of course why wouldn't
Brian ants call me Brian
what do you want buddy yeah I'm doing an
update video you're given you're calling
me if I played what my ps3 I did that a
long time ago I bought that yeah
hey just because there's always like us
alack alack alack alack there's a lack
man all these lakhs are flying around
and I just make up words and it's absurd
and I might just ride with a bird or I'm
done so done this is a channel alright
so if you do that one more time
that's just it it's just an empty threat
my computer's not learning anything
right now it's like I'll do what I want
cuz there's no repercussions
I'm a horrible computer father aren't I
you know what no I'm gonna be you're
done you're not getting you're not
turning onto the internet for no I can't
do that
I need the Internet
you
