alone
Oh
Oh
Oh
although this world's environments
with a few more girls just to know that
sure
I see you I see you stand-in there
I think
so yes that absolutely was Bryan Ames I
know it doesn't look like him like cuz
when you see him in the modern videos he
kind of looks like he's about to pull an
axe out and chop down a tree at any
moment I mean he's a little lumberjack
if she got to admit but yes that is
Bryan Ames and I'm sure a lot of you
were like wow I had no idea he was that
good at skateboarding yeah he's too
shred on a skateboard I feel like he
could still get it back if he like
really went out there and skated so go
down there and give this video a thumbs
up if you want to encourage Bryan to get
back on his skateboard more often he is
so busy with all the other things in his
life that doesn't have an opportunity
but I feel like the world just needs to
see another double flip from this guy
okay oh and about the song I'm sorry I
had an existing song on there but I
didn't have the rights that song so I
had to put a woman a song that I did
have the rights to so I'm sorry there's
no skating sounds on this but I think I
think you're gonna live you know I think
we're all gonna get past this and if you
want to see more bryan ames i will link
a video where does a 503 full of out at
the end of this video so uh thank you
guys for watching subscribe if you
haven't already and then click that 5:03
well video k because if your mom says
like hey what did you do today and you
say nothing I said on the couch but if
you were like I watched a 500 through
for about should you be like are you
kidding me man I'm proud of my son or
daughter or whoever you are
I'm proud I'm proud Mario had
