Cal Krauss do you watch Alan Joe in a
free set of earrings my emotions pushing
these are so delicious let's try that
again God browse do you want a chance to
win free bushings I always in bushes
okay well I want you to impress your
flip 50 this because I know you can do
it and i usually get people ten tries
but i'm gonna give you five because
you'll and tricks before you even try
them sometimes does that make sense no
it doesn't all right you up for the
challenge yeah all right try one kinda
in this way i'll switch sides Oh for
this is the longest I've ever seen it
take him to land a trick he's nervous
for the bushings tripod oh alright I'm
giving him 10 tries cuz I want I want
him to have the bushings and I usually
give you pretend rs6 whatever that is Oh
try seven magic time cushing's you got
to catch them though he's like I don't
wanna catch him on the throne there yeah
congratulations thank you that was
amazing
oh alright so boom I'm glad you got the
bushings check out Kyle channel he's a
channel here on YouTube and obviously
you're gonna see some awesome
skateboarding so click his face right
now and subscribe to it or die yeah just
something yeah I think you can die on
his channel do it all right go to it
right now
you
