oh we just keep that going all right
Jase can you live up your freakin can
you live up to this oh my gosh you gotta
keep going you keep it going
who's that Brett you're on the you're on
the hot spot ah Joel you're next
we want to say you try so you try Brett
Brett round two hey Alex fill me it's
still on record this is like one long
fractured my skull 10 people and tricks
10 tricks trataka like 10 skaters for a
burrito or something like that that was
a long life we should just start doing
all our videos and one take the whole
thing yeah alright so I know there are
more impressive lines in the
skateboarding world out there that have
happened I could have made that sentence
way better but I know there are lines
out there that have way better tricks
and just blow your mind off of your head
but this line was completely unplanned
like I just kind of started filming and
I was like I'm good to this person I go
to this person I go to that person and
it flowed really nicely for just kind of
running gun and I know Brett kind of
messed it up for a second there but he
redeemed himself and it didn't take away
from the line I mean I was still excited
and then of course I messed up at the
end so I apology
whatever that means but really it had to
end sometime and I guess I was the dude
for the job I'm really good at screwing
things up so I was like why not this
also just to back up Brett a little bit
more he totally filmed this clip later
on which is awesome
oh so there you guys go hope you guys
like that line this was actually back on
the the Metro tour when they toured the
country and they stopped in my town and
it was definitely a good time that this
was cut up and used and we are Minjae
teen and then the full clip that you
just saw was in the scrap video too we
are avenged a teen but I was like you
know what this should be featured I
should address that this is like a
ridiculous line and a lot of people
haven't seen it so I hope you guys dug
that I am going to go I'm gonna go film
some more skateboarding actually and I
need to fill skit geez I need to do some
goofy stuff so uh thank you for watching
subscribe if you already have it
wherever that button is and after the
outro I'm gonna set up some makeshift
desk bowling okay which I might have
done before but I'm gonna do it again
right now
good bye guys looks like a pokeball
all right guys there's my crappy bowling
pins all right here it is this is gonna
be tough to hit I know knock it down
there's like literally I threw that big
thing and there's two pins still I'll
spare whatever
