alright guys so do you know about King
Elijah you've ever heard about him no
you haven't you know why because he
couldn't very well flub if he could have
varial flipped he probably would've been
a king that everybody talked about he'd
been like king of the whole world for a
while I kind of just made all that up
but if there was a king of Elijah he
probably couldn't very well flip because
we would have heard about that king they
could they could do it very okay if you
want to learn how to varial flip watch
this video because I'm about to tell you
how to do it I kind of just did one very
old kick flips this is a combination of
a pop shuvit and a kick I've done all at
the same time this is a really cool
trick to learn especially if you don't
have a lot of flip tricks under your
belt because after you learn kick flip
this is a natural trick to do next
also as you get better on your
skateboard you can start throwing it
into grinds and slides and maybe get
crazy and throw an extra kick clip in
there all of these will increase your
chance maybe being president one day I'm
kidding this is a kitten let's learn how
to varial kick flip alright guys so very
old kick flips okay you're going to need
to know how to pop shuvit and kick flip
because the trick is kind of like a
combination of the two okay it's going
to do the shove it with a kick flip and
honestly that's not a bad way to think
about it because it really is when
you're trying it you know you do the
same motion as I shove it but you just
throw a kick flip in there and it does
the trick and you land on your leg oh oh
my gosh I am gonna be active I grow up
because I just dude that didn't really
make sense but it's a cool way to think
about it so first thing is first foot
placement your front foot I would put
just wherever you feel comfortable with
your kick flips okay so I personally I
have them right about here the middle of
the board with your toes a little
further hand half way but your back foot
is kind of where the magic happens on
this trick with three flips you want it
in the pocket but this isn't going a
full 360 this is going a 180 so you're
going to want it like kind of in the
corner here not the back of the tail not
the pocket but in the corner if that
makes sense
when you feel comfortable with your feet
you're going to pop down and slide your
foot up but and I would worry about the
spin first so kind of give it a gentle
spin not as much as you would with like
a three flip person I think three flips
are easier so I have to kind of slow
these down almost but as you start
spinning it that's when you're gonna do
the kick flip when it's just starting to
turn and then kind of when you kick out
as if you do a normal kick flip kind of
give it a little push and it's almost
like a slight scissor motion with your
legs but you got to be gentle because
you don't want to
we're doing so you're going to be like
BAM okay and then the board is going to
do the 180 with the kickflip okay and
then you're going to land on it you're
gonna be like I just freakin sorry just
to reiterate that guys kickflip position
with your front foot basically honestly
mimic the shove-it position okay however
you do pop shove-its I would put your
foot back foot there person I do it
right in the corner like I said so
you're going to pop and slide your foot
and jump all the same time as if you do
any flip trick and then you're going to
when you start to spin it you're going
to get kick it and got to give it a
nudge with your kickflip foot and that's
going to make the board do the 180 and
the kickflip now the hardest thing about
these for me is kind of judging my
strength because if you're just learning
these it's not going to be that hard to
like you're just going to try to do the
trick but if you know how to do three
flips or three shoves your body's going
to want to make this thing go more than
just the 180 spin so just be careful
about how much you're shoving the board
and and just time it right because
that's what's going to take if you have
a consistent kickflip the kickflip is
not really going to be the biggest issue
it's going to be the like the shoving
and timing it right with the kickflip so
play around with it if it's spinning too
much you need to slow it down if it's
not going enough you just need to swing
your foot a little more when you're
doing like the Shepherd rotation of it
some potential problems if you're uh
just learning some flip tricks and
you're still doing that thing where
you're okay where your back foot hits
the ground right away you're probably
not ready to be trying flip tricks pass
kickflip
I would go back to kickflip and just
really drill in your head that you have
to like jump over the skateboard and
land on it okay because if one foot is
hitting the ground before the other
that's a bad sign that you're just not
jumping up in the air and that's not a
big deal I mean it happens to everybody
so don't beat yourself up about it you
just need to get in your head I have to
jump in the air with both feet over my
skateboard as the trick happens I feel
like the biggest issue with this trick
outside of spinning is the distance in
which people flip this away from their
body like a lot of people when they're
doing and there's kind of flip it too
much in front of them this is happened
right in front of you just like that
alright it went a little bit in front of
me but if it's going really far out you
need to calm yourself okay and do give
it like an easier shove and like and
don't push out as much with your front
foot and now this might take a little
bit of practice but eventually you'll be
able to just do it it'll be like having
right you'll be looking down to be right
in front of you so just mess with it and
don't push it too much as you do the
kickflip
but there you guys go okay that is the
varial kickflip just to go over it again
real quick it really is just kind of
combination of the pop shuvit and
kickflip make sure you're comfortable
both those and then try to combine them
the biggest thing you worry about is the
spin you don't want to do too little you
definitely want to do too much because
that's when it'll like over rotate
you'll stick the pretty girl be staring
at yen you'll be like I'm just about to
fall in my face just for you you have to
play it off that way okay you better
better hope she plays the pity card and
wants to heal you up so don't over spin
it okay but just kind of get it down to
get that perfect 180 with the kickflip
and you'll be rocking these and it'll be
awesome so good luck with that guys I
hope this helps remember try try try and
subscribe or die and just just show you
the whole time look at this there's like
a whole class of people that aren't
skating okay whole class I don't know
what they're doing they're just hanging
on the skateboard not by myself Alex is
here finally hey the guy that made this
video awkward for me say hi hey
subscriber not subscribe or dad
mentioned earlier is probably people
have the issue of it flipping like too
far much in front of them too far much
really are we saying that now are we
just making up English grammar words
well as we go my gosh
you
