do you want to challenge fate or or a
skateboard him do you want to do in all
the 360 flip yeah try first okay nollie
heelflip greasy whatever they call these
days on youtube because youtube chooses
all the names you do it first try I will
throw my board as far as I can yeah you
are safe if I wait was it if I landed
under 10 tries okay I'm throwing your
board as far as I can okay and then if i
don't come on ok at least I kind of want
to throw a board to so even if you throw
mine I'm gonna throw it after how about
you all right good no I'm fine Marissa
your pricey the camera go wah it's on
film right now sleep oh you freaking
Captain Hook
cow freaking Bunga dude it took me a
second for my eyes be like yes he did do
it get excited yes I get a third one I'm
gonna you know what I'm gonna throw a
board to we're doing this together we're
gonna see we're gonna see how far who
can throw the farthest we're going over
here do we do this at the same time yeah
they'll be more traumatic okay don't hit
me oh wait thank you friendly fire Oh
get out of the way man kid I'm skin
you're never in the way yeah 12 what up
okay I'm just saying I have a little bit
experience throwing skateboards I want I
totally want but you did don't even
start you didn't already did the trick
what more do you need he doesn't need
anything else
smacked right in the butt cheeks yeah
all right here's your skateboard what's
up I should have done that oh really I
am good at nothing my gosh all right
guys that was Casey beckler not only has
he been a great friend of mine but he's
also been an incredible supporter of
revenge / survived since I started it so
I was really happy when he came down was
able to film this with me because i want
to send some people this way so check
him out click that right over there and
subscribe to his channel you can
obviously do some tricks many steps on
the skateboard is really really good and
you'll like what you see so do that and
then yeah the busy spot to take over and
I'm gonna keep talking but you're not
gonna know what I'm saying gonna be like
what was it
you
