did you just see what Doug did to that
skate park ii like if that skateboard
had a face it doesn't anymore because
Doug just punched it off that's what dog
does escape artists he punches their
faces off so if you're not subscribed to
Doug check his channel out boom you will
like it he has more footage like that
and he has friends on this channel that
shred to it's just a good time Doug it
was like hey man you want me to send you
a handful of footage upload and I was
like yes of course I mean I'm not coming
any time Doug sends me footage I'm gonna
upload so you guys can see it but um
make sure your watch to his channel 2
and i'm gonna go i'm gonna eat some
watermelon awkwardly until you click
that it's so good what most it really is
like the best it's like it's like
nature's sour patch kids show go
