what are we doing right now Oh church
yes we are we look at this what we have
set up can you explain it to everyone
and then you know fly off here and go
into the hole do you think you can do
this yeah you think you can do this yeah
if you do it within five tries okay
no you get a pistachio pistachios are
great you don't want that yeah so you
got to stand here and hit it off this
into the track okay yeah before we go
why is there turtle food on the stairs
I'm leaving for some reason is probably
for the turtle it lives in your playroom
yep can you take it up at the end of
this video
yep okay so yeah we're not doing a full
golf trickshot video but I set this up
and I was like let's film this this is
gonna be a fun little shot hopefully
it'll work though because it might
bounce everywhere here have this do
again like right here and then just go
Boop
all right hey you literally have to just
happen it okay hit like it happy gilmore
which we haven't seen just tap it in Oh
gently oh my gosh put it right there or
tickle you yeah oh dude it keeps falling
off right here it almost made it there a
bit all right this piece is ejecting it
so let's switch it out okay yeah do it
this shot well you got it right here
okay I'm gonna shoot this back a little
bit do it kid
you did not do it your bouncer it fell
off didn't it what happened you know I
know dude all right try again
you got this dude fell off again Friday
harness your Pikachu power okay okay
look like pH your first ATMs we're
pulling this carpet out of the way come
on carpet a rug or whatever you are
you're coming right here ready that was
it there you go so sometimes it hits
these and bounces off I know they're
different sizes that's terrible that
just means we're gonna have to get lucky
okay okay you got this be a fish you
walk a lot for a fish oh my gosh it went
right over it which means we got to move
this backwards
are you kidding me
you look leaning against the wall are
you comfortable yeah of course you are
let's see it
what do you think when that happens no
April it's a hippo but here's the goal
do it oh my gosh please do it please go
in that was super good dude good job I'm
proud of you I love you there you guys
go there is our golf looping trick shot
did you yeah and we're not gonna leave
you empty-handed we're gonna keep this
video going and show you a little
section of us at Sony Studios in Los
Angeles that was a lot of fun thank you
guys for watching if you want to see
more from us hit the subscribe button
right down below you're starting to see
more and then enjoy the rest of this
video
right so you bye bye we gotta have this
face that's not what I looked like
YouTube what's up guys I have a very
cool videos going on right now but I
can't find Ryan and which is terrible I
mean I'm his dad right in
oh my gosh a few golf cards
what you say all right caring words Sony
hey well let's go look around what are
you doing right now
you can't just climb anything especially
here you can climb some okay stay right
there but yeah okay I knew where he was
I am here with Jerry and Drew and
they're nice enough to give me the tour
and rides excitedly oh space jump down
just don't hit your face on that
there you go all right hey you want your
look at this stuff literally everywhere
you look at this place is fascinating
and riding as I'm looking what you talk
about
oh my gosh that's where we all a fortune
happens then jeopardy do that guy does
not quit he does not how admirable is
that that guy is incredible is a Ledge
very nice guy to ride it
hey do you know what we're out to look
at well yeah we're about to see trees
but the Ghostbuster cars the actual ecto
ones oh my gosh oh my gosh
I am seven years old again I relied to
get out yeah oh sure totally
I know I'm allowed to touch yes okay
wait wait wait wait wait wait let's do
this then do this is a big moment in our
lives over come on come on they come
over here we can't be in it come here oh
my gosh we need to be respectful okay
just one hand touch all right and I feel
like I have to touch the handle because
Egon did write oh my gosh
do you hear ghosts
if this is the greatest car ever alright
say by the ecto ones right by the one
feeling only newbies that was incredibly
accurate it's like the prettiest thing I
can film right now look at rainbow you
see a rainbow anywhere really well it's
not fake I mean it is a rainbow it's
just not in a natural rainbow alright so
I am wrapping up this section here but I
wanted to say thank you so much to Kelly
Kim and camera guy
they were nice enough to give this tour
to me my wife and ride in and it's
always a good time the nicest people in
the world they actually have a YouTube
channel where they do garden DIY stuff
for your home it's so cool and if you
want to check that out I put the info
right down there there'll be a link you
look it and your life will change your
garden exactly yeah yeah so but thank
you
Ryden there's that tree you were talking
about
