all right people that was black ninja
and I'm trying to sound like him but I
fail because I'm not black ninja what
you just saw was basically ninja just
cruise around skatepark doing his tricks
he is one awesome skateboarder and he is
even funnier when he talks with his
mouth and says funny things but you need
to check out his channel okay and if
that what you just saw was enough reason
you're about to see one of my favorite
things on the entire internet and as
black ninja playing mario so watch this
and then there's gonna be a button that
comes on the screen click that button
and check up like ninjas channel and you
will thank me okay you're going to see
Mario time you're gonna see nollie three
flip flip slides like it's nothing and
then you'll just get it you'll see it so
uh how many water mom watch Mario lot
more Oh Robert oh what the Oh wasted on
my job oh my god swim swim swim jump Oh
job but all that was I'm amazing jump
that one can't fly you got to subscribe
you
