previously on we want revenge so there
you guys go that was we want revenge la
style it was a good time but we can't
skate forever so uh well I'll be look
who it is Aaron dude what's up yeah but
yeah I am I could do that I guess yeah
all right all right all right what do
you want he wants us to come to San
Francisco freak out Thomas
oh my ear ball
hey guys we're at ring-a-ding park right
now looking for Aaron Cairo not your job
give me that what's up guys as we are
avenged 36 and we are at a skate park
somewhere in San Francisco we're
supposed to be meeting Aaron but I do
not see him at the party's right there
Oh Aaron yeah hey hey hey wait dude just
let him miss a trick before we go run
and attack him Oh nailed that oh my god
that's what about what I expected
yeah okay I'm beginning to think he's
not going to miss a trick I'm gonna go
get a chair and sit down oh my gosh fall
off your skateboard dude I'm getting to
want him to fall you want to pick a
basket let's go get a basket my god
here's the man of the hour what is up
dude what is that about time right now
right here it is Aaron Cairo you know we
all revenge flesh and blood it's about
time and I'm excited for it to happen
you ready to do some shred boarding no
he's not he's just gonna stand around
while we skate right that's a joke
every single time you try to film me do
any trick you just fall
he's a Haley folks on the notice fault
Oh
oh my
No
the outside
is
I like love
Lucian
Ceri how in the world does Aaron Cairo
skateboard so good I don't understand I
don't understand either you just
destroyed that skate park history skate
yeah
Street skate all right it's good to see
the San Francisco was way different when
it comes to traffic than LA we're just
flying down this Highway
so this is the spot this is this spot
it's being barbecued right now we're
gonna skate some barbecues this is where
we reconsider what we're doing hey how
far is Wahlberg from here hey close all
right let's go there I'll back out
everybody enjoyed their barbecue and
have a good day those dogs are very cute
those dogs are adorable Ally oh my god
now it's red how would anything ever go
down on this you see what you want to
punch the camera how about that
this thing is massive absolutely massive
I like how we just decide to come here
because we couldn't skate like a foot
tall box yeah thanks next up yeah lucky
news is there a lion or not
oh I was pretty good no you know what if
I gotta throw it I'm not gonna throw it
no I'm not
not yet cuz I'm gonna build the tension
oh you just win oh yeah when he gave us
gate success
this is your car no it's not on my car
you're leaning on it like as a couch I
was working out pretty well
where are we not sure
I kicked that I didn't even throw this
dude now I'm throwing it Oh
all right well that's what that's what
happens you do it the very next try I
was a little better but still don't
don't going to start we're going to the
next pot alright so I've been in
California for way too long and I'm
tired we're all tired but you live here
okay you're not as tires uh so I'm gonna
make you wrap up the video and entertain
these dudes yeah we're guys we found a
spot that I've never skated so now you
guys might this is not the air in Cairo
famous mango pet enjoy that we got
something I'll try oh he just grabbed
your boob why why is your shootout on
are you at the end of every clip because
I'm just here chillin
you are a machine my friend thank you
all right so this episode is done we
will be back to California get this guy
in another flesh and blood episode if
you may but right now we're gonna go
back to the hotel and get out of the
state
goodbye Aaron Kyra bye Andrew Scott oh
so we are finally done with the
California we are vengeance it's been
it's been a good time but uh we got to
get back to home just since I oh hi Oh
see you guys in a few to the chair wait
no it's like uh I don't think I'm gonna
go not gonna go we talked about back to
Cincinnati I just I don't think I'm
gonna go that's our home well I mean we
live there I think I might want to live
here though it's California I mean dude
you keep you're kidding this is not
something to joke about it I kind of
like it here you're really gonna stay
here I think I might well I'm not gonna
stop you do but this is just like man
like you're Avengers without Sam it's
gonna be weird I know you'll be back
once in a while but it's like I don't
know it's kind of hard not to talk about
my feelings hurt are you kidding me who
didn't see that coming Mike Thomas is
here in the car we're going home
Aaron Cairo is a machine he is a robot
he's a terminator Robocop general
grievous whatever whatever yeah that's
what he is
you
