alright guys at this time to embarrass
myself alright there's a clip my
computer that I've always just when I'm
looking through clips I'm like you know
what I should show the world that and
then I think about how stupid I look in
the clip and I'm like no I should not
show the world then but as time has come
this is a short classic clip that I look
back on and I was like I have no idea
how I did that because I could not do it
now it's just it's weird and I look
stupid but with that said watch it you
gotta admit that hair is something else
for whatever reason I just had this idea
that like eventually my long hair was
gonna start looking good and it never
did you know it just made me look
chubbier and I looked just ridiculous
but the trick which should be the
important part yeah there was a bar at
the bottom of that if you didn't see it
so I ollie above that bar and then kept
my head below the other one without
hitting my head I have no idea how it
went down because I like approached
things of that similar nature lately and
I was like there's no way that I'm gonna
be with Allie and stay low like I jump
in the air when I holla so I don't know
how I did it but there you guys go
there's my embarrassing clip there's not
many things in this world that
embarrassed me so if I'm hesitating to
put some real internet you know it's
pretty stupid but when it comes down to
it I really don't care you know like I
kind of suck it up like hey I'll get
over it so go down there and give this
video a thumbs up for looking like a
fool on a skateboard doing a good trick
at least I like to think it's a good
trick is I think a testicle and after
the outro include a lots of other
classic clips that you've probably
already seen if you see my videos with
me with long black hair I'm not sure why
I thought that was a good idea I mean
some days it looked okay but some days
it just looked like you saw on that Oh
Andy OH
just walk out of the frame do it stuff
and then throwing a hammer just kidding
I wouldn't want to throw a hammer I just
do a hammer
