alright guys so this is one of those
videos from the wilderness talking I
have some good news and some bad news
for you guys and I would like to point
out that this is not the wilderness
actually this is a public park but yeah
I have some good news and some bad news
I'm just gonna lay the bad news on you
ready to get go skateboards well I
cannot begin to explain how annoyed I am
with my skateboard situation I ordered
decks for a vibe back in early May and
they usually take two to three weeks in
fact they told us two or three weeks and
they've been giving us the runaround and
like just today I found out that they
still haven't actually physically began
to create the skateboards like they're
still waiting on to get the graphics
back I can't just like turn around and
go through a different wood company
because it would just take longer so I
you know I'm really hoping that they
mean it this time they're gonna rush
these decks and get it to us within like
a week and a half but I'm sorry I
there's nothing I can do I've been
bugging my company for so long and the
only thing I can do is the good news is
which will come out later in this video
so hang in there I'm sorry I will keep
you guys updated I am even more
frustrated than you can be so it's like
oh my gosh I'm sorry skateboards are
still not here and it'll probably be
another week and a half and if it's not
I I will let you guys know but the
best-case-scenario week and a half most
likely two weeks that's when it's gonna
happen before we get onto the good news
again a little more bad news we
unfortunately had to let Jace Johansson
go this is not like a bad blood thing
like guys Jace is still like my little
brother even though he's like 16 now
which is kind of weird but yeah he's
just he's being a high school student
you know he's like he's just has a life
that he's doing different types of
things I know the cross has kept him
really busy but skateboarding he hasn't
really been skateboarding a lot he
definitely hasn't been coming out with
us so I kind of talk to Myles like look
man you know you're not talking to me
we're at skating anymore if you're on
the team like people have to see you in
our videos so unfortunately like it's
just best that we split ways he might
come out skating with us so he might be
in future videos but it's not gonna be
happen a lot and everybody is cool like
he's still part of the family in that
sense he was here at the very beginning
and if you ever get serious about
skateboarding maybe he'll come back and
say look I'm not gonna bail this time
but for now on
we're gonna say hey you're more than
welcome to be in the videos but he's not
an official a team member of revival so
that's a bummer but fortunately you know
we have a new addition to the family
Doug Nesta tells and he is mind blowing
on a skateboard so hopefully you'll be
seeing him in a lot of our videos and if
not check out this channel it'll be
right down there Doug is amazing if you
missed the Welcome video go watch it on
my channel because like oh my gosh he is
one of the most talented skateboards
I've ever skated with in real life it's
like oh he's so good so it sucks to say
goodbye to Jace but if you guys missed
it this is a warm welcome to Doug just
tells and I'm really excited to have him
on board her vibe and just because I
answer these questions about 500 times a
month I will address everybody that has
ever left revive bangarang just kind of
went on to other things he wasn't
interested in hanging out with us
anymore he's still a friend everyone
that's ever been on revive but we're
still cool with so there's no there's no
aunt or weird things about it Tyler he
just kind of fizzled out too which is
weird because they're like brothers
bangerang and Tyler or literally
brothers they have the same parents he
kind of just faded away like I was
trying to call him for a while but he
never called us and it just kind of
didn't happen so he's busy but I'm sure
he's happy somewhere I don't i talked to
him over once in a while and he is just
not gonna be in it any longer and then
west which is a long time ago as well
west just had different things going on
in his life and he wasn't he didn't want
to put time into like you know worrying
about filming for a video or coming out
with us so that's awesome wes is still
my brother and you know we've talked
about him coming out again I'm just so
busy and he has his own life going on
it's kind of hard to match up but all
those people they have things going on
with her life so they decided to stop
hanging out with us and doing the
project so that's what happened so there
you guys go and tell your friends
because I get those questions every
single day no matter how many times I
answer them but the good news yes Doug
Jessica's house was part of the good
news but since we're waiting on the
skateboards I'm just gonna open up the
store we do have shirts and we're gonna
have sticker packs so there's a limited
supply because we're just like getting
we've had to pay so much in lawyer fees
and relaunching is kind of expensive get
it while you can we will get more in
stock as soon as we can shirts and
stickers aren't hard to get back in
stock like they're always about two
weeks out so it's not gonna be a big
thing if they're out but yeah as of
tomorrow when we are avenged 36 comes
out the online store will be live so
they'll be a link in the info but if you
just go to revive skateboards calm
there'll be a link on this down the
store that's it work in progress right
now so over the next few weeks the
website will get better and better and
better but yeah so get your shirts if
you want to see them here's the first
graphic boom that's my personal
favorites because it's red and then the
second one is boom live skates die
revive and that one I'm not sure if
we're going to change the color scheme
up so if you like that color scheme get
it while you can because you might not
get it back in but we might I don't know
no promises though
and then sticker packs it's pretty much
the same stuff as the revenge stickers
with her vibe on it and we have a decent
amount of those so if you want those you
can probably wait a few days to grab one
but if you want something get it why you
can because this stuff probably will go
fast but that's it oh my gosh I'm done
sitting here walking around the park
look like a weirdo talk I hope that
formed you on the revive situation I
will play some bonus footage that was
not usually our men's 36 after this
which will be on Alex's Channel
eventually but check that out and then
I'm gonna go I'm just gonna leave I
don't want my camera anymore I'm just
gonna leave it here subscribe or die
well it kind of look like I'm in like
alright whatever
