yeah so how awesome of classic footage
was that that was my good friend Sammy
Holton and he literally did all of those
tricks like first second or third tried
and no more maybe the back Smith took
like five tries but like we got out of
the car and we were gone within like 10
minutes like he did all of that and I
was just like my head is exploded and
you just did a lot of go skateboarding
tricks but this is a strike ass reminder
video a shred cast is a podcast we do
every week thursday at five o'clock
pacific standard time we talk about
skateboarding and any randomness we come
up with is a fun group of people it's
myself black ninja Doug desa tells
Basque with and josh katz so it's a lot
of fun a lot of times we have guests
we've had Chaz Ortiz on it we've had
robbed bring from the ride channel we've
had Gary Rogers in Georgia do from skate
line so tune in every thursday at five
o'clock pacific center time at shred
casscom easy to remember right and while
i'm uploading this this is a thursday so
i'll see you in a few hours you can ask
us questions live and whatnot and it'll
be a good time so i'll see you in the
future the chair and
music
