what's up guys so I recently started
skidding America shoes again and I
really like a mom so I decided to do a
shoe review which I've never done before
I used to skate America a lot during
high school and I loved them but I got I
got candy rail because skate shoes have
changed within the last like ten years
so I've been jumping around shoes but I
am happy to be back in America's and
here are my thoughts on the America West
Gate first I'd like to thank Robert
brink for sending me these if you don't
know who he is you need to go over the
rad channel and watch weekend buzz he is
the host along with Erica Yuri on that
and he also works for Seoul Technology
who is basically the founder company of
America so that was super nice to you
dude
if you watch this thank you very much
and I look like a weirdo at the skate
park right now I'm just like lounging my
sock first thing I noticed enough with
these on is that felt really solid like
over the last 10 years skate shoes have
gotten tinier they've gotten like
thinner skinnier all that stuff less
material when I put these on you know
they still have the sleeker design of
newer skate shoes but I felt like I
could jump down a cap it was awesome so
I love that about these shoes and after
I've been skating for about three weeks
pretty hard I've been skating a lot more
than normal and they still have the same
shape and like they're not mushy or
anything so that's like one of my
favorite things about these shoes now
one thing I'm really picky about when it
comes to shoes is right here it has to
have that extra lining of material I
guess you'd like the cap a lot of shoes
just are smooth for the cap and I don't
like that I like to have that extra
thing of stitching so I can I just feel
like I can feel my kickflips better so
that's kind of why I chose these and
it's really durable I mean as you can
see the gum is wearing down a little bit
but I've been doing so many flip tricks
when you're messing around flip tricks
into grinds like I have been lately like
like you just got do it over and over
again so in the actual material is
holding up really well this is wearing
down a little bit but the fact that the
shoe still feels solid
I'm not too worried about it because as
much as I've been skating lately I mean
I already feel like I've gotten my use
out of these shoes the bottom is pretty
standard skate shoe design but it holds
your board really well on a grips and
it's been perfect so far so I really
have nothing to even complain about just
it does exactly what it's meant to do
the sole is not too thick but like I
said it does it feels like you can jump
down gaps with it so that's nice but you
can also feel your board at the same
time so I
feel like it's whatever they do whatever
they use in the souls like it's it's
perfect it's like the perfect formula
for souls
I'm not typically a big fan of like high
tops but that hasn't really affected me
at all
I usually don't skate things that have
then go up and look like I have like a
flat top on my shoe but that hasn't
bothered me at all like I said I think
it looks cool still like the design of
the shoe it looks like this nice-looking
shoe and I don't know I'm not against
high tops it's just not my thing
that I feel like I should mention now oh
the one thing I can say that like every
skate shoe needs is lace protectors okay
and these do not have them but I don't
know if the laces are just super strong
but they've actually held up like maybe
the the shoe is just designed so they
don't get in the way too much but you
know you break laces when skating in
skate shoes so I have to point that out
but the fact that it they have lasted
this long is pretty impressive but just
my two cents lace protectors should be
on every skate shoe ever so overall this
is a awesome shoe it just feels so
comfortable like I I put it on I can
feel my flip tricks you know I feel like
I can jump down gaps I don't have to get
used to the shoe it just felt like I was
like oh yeah I've been skating this shoe
so it is wearing down a little bit but
the fact that it feels so comfortable in
skate so well I don't care even if it
lasts just one more week I'm like this
is totally worth it so I completely
backed this shoe it is awesome if you're
looking for some Americas or any shoe I
mean just get the waist gets the
Westgate's get the Westgate's they're
awesome but I'm gonna go guys if you
want to see some footage of me in this
these shoes these exact shoes I'll play
some footage over the last few weeks
that you can watch but even watching my
channel you've already seen this for
those of you who haven't be like okay I
can see what these shoes do I'm gonna be
honest I do the tricks but I'm wearing
the shoes so they help if you guys like
this give this video a thumbs up but I
can try to do more review tech videos
and if you aren't subscribed to find
that button somewhere on the page and
subscribe button cuz I do a lot of weird
goofy skateboarding stuff but here's the
skate footage and I'll see you guys the
future subscribe or die
alright guys now I'm gonna test out the
durability I'm gonna launch this shoe
into the wilderness it might have looked
far in the death lens but that literally
went about ten feet look it's still
intact best shoes in the freaking world
goodbye that went a lot more than ten
feet and I'm gonna have to go walk and
get it now
