they kidding this is a new low for you
YouTube you're really hiding in my
garbage come on but what's up guys this
is my buddy Callum wood aka selfie
nation here on YouTube and I featured
him in the past but he sent me new
footage and I was like dude I'm totally
uploaded this too so hope you guys like
that if you want to see more of him
click this right here and that will let
you check out his channel and he has
more where that came from he's like the
master of Olly Impossibles but obviously
you can do a lot more stuff here's a big
bag of tricks so check that out and I'll
be back with more stuff that I'm always
doing and everybody's happy but I'm
gonna throw my camera's with a camera
into the air and you guys are gonna go
check out count shuttle good bye
you
