what's up guys have you ever been to a
place where at the end of your process
of cashing out there like would you like
to spend another dollar to go to this
cause and that is fine because I always
send down to give money to a good cause
I really am but lately every single
place
I swear asks for a dollar I'm getting in
this person's way right here but
seriously every single place ask for a
dollar and it's cool butts going to a
good cause but I feel like it's
progressively getting more and more
depressing as we go like first it was
like would you like to give a dollar to
Benjamin Willy's and charity of Aquatics
I don't know but I was like all right
you know what I would like to give
Benjamin Willy a freaking dollar to go
to a good cause and then they're like
hey would you like you give a dollar to
a college student get trying to get
through school I'm like you know what
sign me up I would like to do that and
then they're like would you like to give
a dollar to an elderly that's fighting
to live wait I have to give a dollar
that right like there's no option really
to give a dollar to stop a genocide
across the seas
what would you like to give a dollar to
this infant that's dying right now you
can see it if you don't give it to our
he's dead are you serious this stuff
like happens every place and it's like
like I said like I like giving money to
good causes but my gosh people in the
worst part about it is that if we're on
the spot they're like it's right in
front of everybody else it's in line so
you're like if I say no to this I am
that dude in line I don't want to say no
to that because I want to save that
dying infant you know like physically
who's gonna let that dying infant die
but I'm just saying people are abusing
it you know and the thing is if you say
yes to every single person asks for a
dollar by the end of the month you spent
like two hundred extra dollars because
you spent a dollar every single place
you went you're saving babies all over
the place which is good but that's a
chunk of change out here that just
justified money to freakin saving babies
and you know what I mean so that popped
in my head the other day and I just
wanted to rant about it here on YouTube
but I'm saying what no no it's cool man
from the government I said he said I
could film whoever he is my people
freaking out about filming like just
because I have a camera it like makes
their life worse alright I'm out here
talk to later guys
the moral of this is donating money to a
good cause is awesome but if you're one
of those people asking for money I'm
certain my dude and you're not legit we
will make youtube videos about you and
make fun of you you know if I would have
donated a dollar to random guy in the
parking lot not caring about me filming
that probably wouldn't happen should
have told him at like hey I don't it a
dollar to your cause one time shut up
dude in a nice way you know I don't
really tell people I'll stop I'm gonna
go through this with light switches I'm
going
you
