all right so here's a new segment Bryan
Ames has a spot for me that's probably
gonna be stupid and hard to skate
I promise this is what happened he takes
me to spots and I'm gonna try to skate
him and come up with something so
hopefully this works good luck buddy you
too what's up we are going on a nature
hike I'm gonna mock me you need to be
mock sometimes Andy how bizarre doing
this a lot yeah I know houses are taking
the camera for me okay low bridge you
get the skateboard here there's nothing
I can do here oh you can oh there's
things you can do my friend
this is okay there's a creek in the
middle of it all right I think you're
gonna have to drop in on this my friend
drop into for that there's a big crack I
would die you're probably going to the
Angry Birds say you need to drop in on
this dude you're just gonna you're just
gonna drop in and you're just gonna
accept the consequences that happen I
will I will Ted that dog no you're not
you're gonna roll through it like a
champ this is the sort of thing that you
look back on like that's the moment when
I should have realized how stupid of an
idea this wasn't not done you ready yeah
that was so much better than we both
thought it was going to it was kind of
fun dude I told you though that was not
gonna be that bad I wasn't I'm gonna do
a kickflip to fakie on this I hope you
can do that that's giving oh my pairings
dude this is dude you just fell so hard
this is like sludge down here yeah you
sludge doubt dude well now I'm afraid to
try anything you sludge it out okay this
is why you bring two skateboards
let you suck the carrot in it there's a
crack right here so I can't come back
down because I would hit this and go
face deep to dead in the freaking water
I don't know how you made it over that
backwards all succeeding backwards dude
that wasn't much better than my original
plan you're a very wolfish a5u i just
started high five you're supposed to
start the high five yeah and you're
still going in what no no no no you're
not doing that this time I'm walking
away
ready yep haha Oh scary
you
