okay so we're here at the most like
beautiful place in the whole world this
is the Bay at sunset or San Francisco in
the distance here's your bored ND yeah
thank you kind of makes me want to just
throw my board into the ocean those
rocks are what don't sass me Justin
obsessed coming with you Andy why are
you coming with me Thomas oh my gosh oh
yeah 20 okay there's like barnacles and
slipperiness this is so gross down here
here have this
Brian Ames is a vegetarian trip him at
the skate park howdy Dutch got Gatorade
in my hair man i'm sorry i didn't know
there was something that I didn't get it
on you too I'm get together get together
it's a dark slora
of course walk last night yo what's up
Doug there is Doug desk patel's was the
one ready to skateboard yeah I'm 20
can't forget that whoa whoa I got to
watch that dude I like looked up and
also in the camera was just like whoo I
have these all the time on my channel
it's a reoccurring theme I didn't you
write no I think we're all good are you
good I'm good then we're good that's
right that just happen
me we're at the Santa Monica triple set
right here and Doug that sells gonna
oleate stick it stick
I
