yes guess what today is Alice go
skateboarding it is go skate Bernie
against know tomorrow is Saturday it's
go skateboarding day too because you
should want to skate every day but it's
awesome the people are getting psyched
about it and going out today so we're
doing the same we're gonna skateboard
here on this rail and I hope it's
impressive but I hope you guys had a
good go skate burned day people let's
skate board
oh now is it gonna skateboarding
nosegrind if I've ever seen one he knows
right Supt ipod
can't do legs not my human legs the rail
legs see this the anatomy of this is
that I want to roll right here but this
leg is here so there you go how many
could Andy land before he's satisfied so
good go skate for any day 2013 oh and
I'm going skateboarding
there's nothing to skate that way I'm
definite out going skating it's not
happening
yes oh my god knows the best real real
foot plant their flips are hard
you
