what is up guys yes I am a sweaty mess i
was just skateboarding but what you just
saw was Aaron Kyra cruise around doing
tricks he doing that was filming so I
hope you enjoyed that today is shred
cast so this is a shred cast reminder
video every thursday at five o'clock
pacific standard time we do a podcast
about skateboarding and whatever we talk
about and it's myself black ninja fast
with I've got a perp excuse me josh katz
doug just tells and I think I just named
them all but uh so tune in it's a fun
time and you can ask us questions live
if the chat works chat usually stupid
but if you miss it it'll be uploaded
here on YouTube one of our channels so
uh say goodbye Dallas by now say take it
away black ninja take you're wearing
black ninja I'm always telling people to
say things oh no you are an idiot shred
cast time you said you shout you sound
scripted it's shred cast calm five
o'clock every Thursday be there or don't
be there be doing something cool if you
don't be their God need pizza man I've
been craving pizza lately pizzas good
right right pork or salad you get your
salad sounds of goods off of me take it
away black ninja
Josh can't pass
