yeah you're on record don't men do
Dallas what's that but a very very
you'll flip 50-50 which is a trick you
don't normally see because it's kind of
stupid I like it though I enjoy tricks
that are stupid so I think they look
good I haven't done this and like I
always say that but every guy vidoe
didn't like the Stone Age I'm gonna do
it I'll do that again I literally landed
like this there's like a freaking like
Nicolas Cage act which does not have any
importance at all
done I'm done I'm gonna roll into a bowl
music the good starts like then and
maybe I can't roll into a bowl
there you go hey I was just about to
come up to you me like I need an after
clip for this video will you do it I
don't remember when you remember when
you add the new bushings and you
couldn't through it you just redeemed
yourself yeah say what up YouTube sunny
it's a good bye YouTube can buying it
will you say whatever I say I'll say
whatever you say purple bananas might
fly kites purple van and tights I can
dude I'm so good at this
you
