YouTube's what is up guys so yes I have
no idea if this clip has been in a video
of mine ever kind of hard you know it's
kind of hard when I have like hundreds
of videos I'm not gonna go through and
watch them all to find out of this Clips
here but i was watching my computer and
I needed to tell you guys something I
was like you know what I'm gonna show on
this clip I'm a feature to the video
then I'm gonna tell them what I need to
tell them Brill are you gonna turn off
let me just put my password in make so
you make sure that I me how about that
but above this trick half can float 50 I
did this like probably eight years ago
and I've never done since I just like
you have never even tried it again so
I'm thinking I need to go to the skate
park and kind of learn it and hopefully
I can throw it down for my video part
it's hard to go out and film all these
tricks i'm talking about doing from a
video part because i just don't have
time for anything but if you see it in
my video part which comes out later this
year you can be like hey you did it Andy
good job on about you a donut or
something like that but the thing I need
to talk to you about is actually about
my book I've been getting a lot of
questions saying okay man did you ever
publish your book is like dude you guys
had you missed like the four or five
videos I've done talking about it I did
post on Facebook all that stuff if
you're one of those people that have
missed it yes my book is published an
ounce it came out last month and if you
want to pick up a copy you can get at
Andy Stratcom or yesterday erase com if
you're out of the country if you live
out of the states you can get at your
local amazon but if you live in the u.s.
get in from Andy Stratcom because I kind
of helps out my family and I little more
supports us a little better it's the
same price for you so it doesn't affect
anything all the proceeds from my book
go to a down payment on a house for my
family and I so we completely one
hundred percent appreciate this if you
guys are supporting this book spreading
the word and all the kind words I've had
it like the feedback on the book like I
really really appreciate that guys it
makes me feel so good if you want to
know what the book is about there's a
little summary down there the reason I
featured the classic clips for this
video to talk about is because that was
kind of from the era that the book is
based on the book isn't a hundred
percent to accurate representation of my
life but it is it's based on my life
like all everything in the book has to
do with an actual event or there's some
reasoning behind it about my life so
boom there you guys go I hope you guys
dug this video and I will be back
more hijinks skating randomness all that
fun stuff very soon so I'm gonna make
convention make I'm wearing gym shoes
because I went running this morning I'm
sorry I'm going to throw this cross the
room then I'm going to get up change my
clothes and go to the skatepark film
skate video see you guys in the future
you guys are still here really okay my
gosh i'm gonna go to skate park sorry
I'm sorry
you
