I'm just kidding guys yes that was
mind-altering flip tricks that didn't
really alter my mind at all which is why
I should probably think before I start
talking for the camera but that really
was some fantastic flat ground
skateboarding this was actually a
segment film for we are events 35 but I
took it out due to length that was like
you know Eric and bread already have
some stuff in there I can just make this
its own video it actually worked out
because I was gonna make a video and
just like put some footage of Brett in
there and thank Brett for being an
awesome host every time I'm in Southern
California in LA I always stay with
Brett and he's a good dude he's a good
friend and he lets me crash hills couch
so thumbs up for bread being an awesome
dude and being a terrific skateboarder
too especially Eric I don't leave him
out of here i actually just met him that
day and all said he was doing like i
didn't understand what was happening in
the flat ground but i was like oh you
are a talented skateboarder my friend
but i hope you guys like this video
before i made this i was actually going
to get a lot of brett's footage that has
been on my channel and make a montage of
it in general so if you guys want to see
that let me know if you don't know who
brett is you need to check how does
channel he is a likely says right there
he's a videographer Jedi okay not only
as a trivia skateboarder but calm
yourself phone for five seconds but he
gets behind the camera and he does crazy
things he's the mastermind behind the
videography of the killing Martin videos
he directs um he like talks to killin is
like hey you do the made in
skateboarding and I'll take the rest
from here I mean when he gets behind a
camera like daffodils bloom that wasn't
cool know either way check out Brett's
channel it's right there and tell them i
say what's up and you will enjoy what
you see over there because it's
entertaining so I see you guys in a few
to the chair I'll be back with more
contents kinda redundant but goodbye
alright cell phone what
you
