alright guys we were on our way to Alex
buena his house and he thinks he's just
gonna have to sign a legal document for
the company what she is but we're gonna
totally put him on the spot he's gonna
have ten tries to land a trick and if he
does he gets a revived t-shirt first one
came into the first revive t-shirt he's
gonna get it anyway you can see rides
first but you'll have to wait I'll have
to wait and get it not today if you
missed this so let's go put him on the
spot why aren't you what you're not
dressed I just got back from swimming
what's wrong okay all right now as you
are all right if you have ten tries you
are on the spot right now obviously to
get your first survive t-shirt not even
when you see it okay I'm thinking Minnie
board okay well you do a shove it
lipslide within ten tries if your skin
on many more before I have tried it one
have you shove it lipslide okay you got
ten tries up it and if you don't do you
got away today hi Emma you say hi to you
too say hi YouTube put your tricks where
your mouth is try one alright this is
going to be easy for you isn't it whoo
try 50 try but to the ground man you all
right what was that that's five alright
you got it yeah it's coming down to the
wire here Alex good you have one more
try Alex getting for the tea for the t
one more try for the tea now that I know
what it looks like
oh you lucked out not really that was
skill but why did you have to make a
dramatic oh you had to make a dramatic
put it on I like it thank you Alex
beauty hey thank you I'm honored you
guys smudger that'd be perfect honestly
though I've never thrown a mini bored
cat please throw your money board okay
there I get some distance for this did
it didn't oh now your neighbors gonna be
like hey watch my Nickelodeon cut out
why right I don't know why I picked
Nickelodeon
have you ever drank a bean got stung you
drank abhean got stuff I did how that
was like the worst week of your life oh
yeah let's drinking a coke it was in
Canada sucked a lot the important part
is that it was in Canada
you
