do you want to say anything before we
leave or do you just want to eat your
blanket yep I guess that answers that
you put it on red that's not a good idea
what's up guys so due to popular demand
I put this clip online I wasn't really
hot on the idea of putting a clip of
this guy falling but it was pretty cute
right and it was ridiculously cute and
funny so after the family and friends
all told me was a funny thing they were
seeing are like okay I will put it
online so of course rush to his rescue
as soon as the clip ended and within
like 10 to 15 seconds he was like
smiling and happy again so he wasn't
hurt at all what is that noise nothing
okay so he wasn't hurt at all he was
just kind of shook it up from falling
backwards blindfolded and yeah they're
there lessons learned right guy we're
not gonna do blindfolded walking anymore
high-five yeah Bryden I kind of wonder
though why did you put the blanket
around your head and start walking
around that doesn't seem that smart at
all buddy yeah because you knew it'd be
cute then you grab the blanket but with
babies they literally are always
slipping and falling and bumping into
things all over the place I'm just glad
he had some protection this time right
ah I love you buddy
you're the best thing that I've ever
done with my life you know that I hope
you guys got a kick out all this thank
you for watching if you want to see more
cute riding footage click that right
there that is the cutest baby montage
ever which is my favorite video of him
and I it's like the highlights of the
last 16 months little guy and if you
want to subscribe to my channel click
that right there that will give you more
skateboarding skits pranks randomness
and cute baby footage like this so thank
you guys for watching I will see you in
the future music time
