YouTube what's up guys I'm doing a new
board to set up video that's what I'm
trying to say I got a new deck right
here this is the neon lifeline it is
from the new fall series which came out
today actually a lot of cool boards came
out so if you guys want to see them we
have them on the Shred course calm
including this one I like this one a lot
it's probably my favorite and I'm gonna
put together I'm gonna do some tricks on
it for you guys and I'm gonna tell some
stories it'll might get a little weird
while I put it together I don't know it
might be the most normal thing you've
ever seen who knows
alright it might not get too weird
actually because I'm gonna do favorites
I'm gonna talk about favors as I go
about this so let's go favorite
skateboard companies because everyone
likes to know about that of course I
could say revived because you know my
own thing is my favorite but I won't oh
I'll put revive aside and I would say
who do my friends ride for I guess
that's the best good thing I guess my
friends like right for me nowadays is
that not me
but you know that like the companies
that with that okay so I haven't seen a
lot from recently but I like Terra
Planet X that's my dude ain't Joss
Lovato over in Pennsylvania they have
some really cool graphics it's like
sci-fi comic book II I like that it's a
good sense of humor so I like so I look
for these days good sense of humor you
guys probably don't see this coming but
I really like most of the people and
their attitudes on Baker are super cool
you know like I know their graphics are
kind of like average Reds lay that into
that some of the graphics on Baker are
more adult and maybe a lot of people
might not agree with me but like the
actual dudes on Baker's they're all
about like treating their bodies right
and just everything they stand for and
believe in like super they seem like
super cool dudes and I did a trailer
park boys collab so I'm psyched on that
so I'll put them in the mix right now
and then I'm gonna say cake muscle I
know uh it's ninjas company I don't know
if he's doing a lot with it right now
but ninjas he's a he's a he's a funny
guy I just realize there's gonna be a
very short video because like I'm not
I'm using my old set up and I'll tell
you guys all about my setup in just a
second but let's go movies let's go
recent movies okay this year I just saw
it which I won't put that is it was good
I want to put in that category although
I'm gonna talk about it on my podcast so
check out that if you guys wanna hear my
opinion it up yesterday I think - gar√ßa
galaxies - probably the top one that was
super good spider-man I don't write that
there I'm a big sci-fi sucker definition
of like look up what movies came out
this year 2017 top movies
Logan Logan was super good but I don't
want to I don't want to like have like
three superhero movies get out was good
I wouldn't I wouldn't put it up there
though I want to see baby driver I'm an
idiot and I haven't seen that yet I
might have to say Logan I'm sure Thor
will be good I'm hungry I'm hungry right
now alright whatever I'm calling Logan
Logan's in three movie
err foods foods the almighty taco will
always be number 1 followed by saag
paneer you need food is the greatest
thing I could literally just like I
could ongoingly eat Indian just sitting
there waiting til I get hungry and just
keep eating and now I'm gonna stop
trying I think standard stuff though you
know like like types of dishes I'm gonna
go with like oh just a nice sub
submarine deli sandwich like from Jersey
Mike's I got it going on dude you go in
there they literally said welcome to
Mike's we got it goin on I'm like you're
right
and that's the end of a conversation
we're almost given one truck on or about
halfway put this board together top
three skate spots that are gone yeah I'm
gonna say love park love at that place
I'm gonna say NKU which is Cincinnati
you guys don't know about it if it was
the best hand row in skateboarding every
was so good there is an air bubble in
here and I don't care because it doesn't
affect skateboarding and what there's oh
the feel that said you feel a
three-block Philly in general
Philadelphia just got taken away
although I want to skate pains I've only
seen I was there once and I was tired
three things to do before besides
skateboarding I'm gonna say eating I
love eating
it's the greatest thing in the world
reading I love reading man I've read two
books recently I feel lucky because I
it's gone I'm gonna put my sunglasses on
a feel like it'd be better I've all
dropped things I have something else on
okay I'm gonna say yeah reading because
I've been read two books lately I read
the new the Harry Potter script finally
and that was that was pretty cool it was
just cool to be back in the Harry Potter
world okay let's just put that out there
we Alohomora books into my life somebody
got that well I guess I got to put
family first I'm gonna go back and put
family likes doing rad things the family
vacationing with the family and then
I'll
go there to eating with the family
school eating it all doesn't matter how
like I'm eating by myself as rad I can
get down with that watch some trailer
boys eat watching Parks and Rec eat I
have problems will you go on I have
dropped this bolt four times at least
three top three filmers ladies
skateboarding um also use since you film
us like I appreciate you filling us I'll
put you on there
I do like I'm gonna say Hunter O'Shea
and they'll say Nigel I gotta put all my
dudes on there but I mean all of them
are talented Oh Brett yeah but he's I'm
so just yeah yeah but that's like I
don't even think him as like a
skateboard film er I think missing an
artist you know he's probably mad and
offended and a compliment at all at the
same time he is terrific at film I
skateboarding but hits he does it in
such a way that disconnects me from that
question what I think I just think
people out there like rolling with me
filming you know and I'm not talented
enough to get filmed by Brett Novak that
often you know so I he'd be on my top
top human list three things that suck
I'm gonna stay eating okay cuz eating
sucks but it's great I'm gonna say
sleeping it's a waste of time if I could
just not sleep it would be amazing and
shaving shavings annoying dude I wish
you could just pick your face and go
with it just pick your face this is the
face I'm wearing and I'm gonna have it
on until I take it off I'm almost done
here so here is my skateboard it's time
to go over it guys we have the neon the
lifeline revive deck this is an 8 inch
deck then on the top we have the am grip
I always skate the og I'm scared the
other grips have different cutouts and
stuff but I just always go back to the
og and then I got my cat bagel as the
sticker underneath I actually just got a
bunch of new trucks but these trucks
have been so good I don't want mess with
it they feel good I'm just gonna roll
with it so it's nice to have backups but
these are just the raw Orion trucks
super good we've got force James Bond
wheels he's been treating me awesome and
I'm gonna have to stretch them out
because every time there's a new season
I do a like a new set up to promote it
these are super good 52 millimeters
they've been keeping up these are the
Bronson drawers I believe I tried these
out and they've been fine I'm very picky
about bearings and I'm not complaining
about these so that is a compliment in
itself we got the light bolts we got the
red light bolts so I look down and I see
red and I'm like that's where I go I go
that way so nothing too crazy with this
setup but I'm excited to give it a
kickflip test hopefully not suck
and this board I am either going to give
it to Alex buting's of return to a mini
green or I will just keep in my trunk
and when I see somebody at the skate
park that needs one does he need a deck
you need a deck Willis I'm gonna be
honest I got a lot of use out of this so
I don't know how much longer it's gonna
last you I think it'll be but it's good
like it looks good I'm just saying like
I jump downstairs to that I did some
three-foot grinds yeah that sucks oh
yeah all right well I look forward to
watching you skateboard he does tricks
oh it sucks I told people that we don't
do that and we just did that well we'll
do this instead no I mean we don't even
high five you watch my videos dude you
Dalton you know all right cool test my
legs tried to not work right there but I
made it happen
you should try a given tale
yeah I had to land all weird dude the
wind is slowing me down I felt good and
I was just like didn't roll that fast it
did sound cool I like that part of it
first time it could have been smoother
but I think that's the first time I've
landed a line and first try in my life
and what's that weird I don't even know
how it looked it was good it was better
than John it is terrifying how fast is
the sliding frontside it's like butter
that sucked for me i waxed it I was done
that is so hard to come out of I'm
literally gonna email the township and
say fix that because that's like having
come here look at this guy's come here
this at the end of a very good ledge is
not the ideal thing to ride in this
could get you caught up so fast it's
kind of the equivalent of having a ditch
in a football field so that people can
trip all right so I'm gonna have an
email no I can't decide all right so
there you guys go like I said I didn't
have a lot of times a skateboard day so
I'm sorry you just got a few tricks but
the board feels really good I mean
really good and like I said all the new
fall stuff just came out on the Shred
quarters calm you can get this board
along with a lot of other rad stuff and
I'll try to remember to put the
warehouse Wednesday where we show you
all of it at the end of this video but
thank you guys for watching if you want
to see more from me I do videos here all
the time so there's a button right below
the video this is subscribe you just
click that it's free you're signed up
and you will also get something free in
your life that's not a lot you probably
will get something free in your life so
I stand firm to that but peace out guys
I'll see in the future
yeah hey yeah that's alright this is a
microphone okay he'll your darkest not
secret Nazi great yeah your Yanis I've
log like almost every single day you're
gonna add something over that I know
that's the truth this is real truth know
what's gonna progress every single day
yeah well just everyday that's genius
that's a sexy idea why that single I
don't know dad for you later dude
have you ever think like why do we even
hang out that guy I was just wondering
if you thought that way because I don't
feel that way I love him
you
