so boom there you go I am so psyched to
make this announcement that dugged
Estelle's is now officially on the
revived team he came out filming for we
are event 235 and he just clicked and
fit in the only thing different is that
he was doing extra flip tricks in and
out of the tricks that all of us we're
doing but no he really is one amazing
skateboarder and if you're not
subscribed to his channel you're doing
it right now click this right here and
check out Doug's channel he has a lot of
footage of himself and then he has a lot
of footage of other talents of
skateboarders but he is like 100 percent
skateboarder he just has like the right
mindset and passion for skateboarding
these skates to skate to have fun and it
just so happens that he shreds and he's
an awesome dude at the same time so Doug
welcome to the team buddy glad to have
you on board and then everyone else
click that right now cuz you're gonna go
over to Doug's channel and watch and the
like until next time guys
