what's up guys is a day-in-the-life 13
it's been a little while since I've done
one of these so I was like you know what
I'm gonna let people see a day in my
life first thing I'm doing this morning
is answering some emails and doing some
YouTube stuff so you don't have to watch
this don't worry it's not gonna be that
exciting if somebody totally just woke
up and it doesn't sound too happy about
it
oh you're happy you're happy
how was your night oh wow what did what
happened to your room what are you doing
here you throw everything out of your
crib can you blow YouTube kisses ah yes
get striped Tigers spotted leopard
spotted fish striped worm this is a very
exciting plot isn't it spotted dogs I'm
thinking striped cat let's see if I'm
right striped cat
totally nailed it give me five oh you
want a baby and go mr. child I gotta go
to work
you love you love you everybody so now
it's time to drive across town I gotta
meet Sam Taber and Brian Ames for lunch
and then we have a revived photo shoot
today but it's kind of like gloomy it
looks like a good rain in any second so
hopefully that does not happen so Sam
Taber's here and he doesn't know it
right behind him I'm an attempt to scare
him it's right not gonna work
you know what I kind of felt like I
almost broke your window right there is
your window durable we're good it works
okay if five years down the road it
breaks you're paying for yeah maybe
and by the way he's totally doing a day
to life also right now so right done
there will be his channel go check out
the day and life from his side and by
the way he is totally filming a day in
the life on his channel my fill of Ryan
Ames
hello is in sandals I'm choosing sucks
the Cartman yeah you plan ahead do you
do do you worked this morning
I did works 100 degrees how's he doing
in that I wouldn't work in this I change
because I I photographed and I was like
sweat it completely through ever so so
close sandals and then I'll put back the
clothes cool comfortable car ride that
was New York New York Deli the all-time
best deli in Cincinnati if you're
looking for a sandwich come here it's
amazing the things he did I can name
lives today we're just going to walk
around like this I know do do you want
that
all right so now we're going to go do a
photo shoot yes this could be fun we'll
have a plan which should go shoot photos
for revival all right so the skate spot
has been erased we were going to shoot
photos you got a trick for the spot
maybe like cake with noodles pancake
flip a spank kickflip to herbivore never
before yeah well you got their brand
names let's got this in the mail
randomly you know this is we stopped by
Bryan Ames house for to get wax wash
your wedding if we come to my wedding I
will come to your weather thank you RSVP
paper items and then you travel over
here across the street and you're like
hey you know you just like want to walk
through a door doesn't work because it's
this tall it's all fenced off parking
for someone else park right there all
right so we're at this legend I'm not
sure I do a trick for my video part but
Brad you to get some photo of it and I
don't know what you're gonna have to
watch because I landed it's going to go
to my video part see this always sucks
because he's starting to set up all this
stuff and if he sets it all up and I'm
like can I do the trick then I'm a jerk
you're our jerk so I got to do the trick
so after way too long of getting it onto
my segues friendly police and segways I
landed my trick sketchy but I didn't
land a smooth but we got here so I'm
have to come back to hit it from our
part unfortunately next part of the
video
so we're a peach ballpark because that's
what you're doing you don't know where
to skate you just gave each one apart so
we're gonna check you some footage for
you dudes right yeah we got wax all over
your bag gosh gosh I'm really good at
that
dude that trick the photo shoot took
some out of me I'm gonna show you guys
my Achilles tendon after this I have
like a disorder or something a growth
that's been painful for the last ten
years of skating and it hurts a lot
right now but I'm gonna skateboard let's
try this
it was like whoo that Chang song was
about to be like totality
you guys gonna find out exactly what it
is I just smash this do that see it gosh
yeah I've had this for 10 years
sometimes it hurts to walk this is why
you should stretch every day I'm pretty
sure that's how this developed oh dude
that hurts so bad
all right so I'm done a trick got the
best of me but that is life sometimes
sometimes you don't get tricks I'm
really bad at Varick heelflips this is
like the hottest day of the whole year
right now but um sorry I don't have any
clothes for you guys but Sam's gonna do
a trick he gotta do a trick ooh sorry do
a trick I'll take it cuz I gotta leave
do a trick into the bank but I just got
to my car and Brett no Mack and you can
read that he said I've officially
decided that I should somehow be a part
of your a day in life so here it is this
very text Brett friggin Novik he tweeted
me one time he did not treat you
he's me to me he's gonna have a
Hollywood star one day I know I want
your autograph now alright so Sam left
he went back to Kentucky and now I am
home to wash up and go to dinner with
the family
Tyler otter Oh
where's your ball
no that's the lens where's your ball
that's your mom there we are right there
does your tickle button still work I
just took a shower and it completely
looks like I'm just still sweaty from
skateboarding hella gross it's mine
Larry it's way too hot on there ready to
go you dinner buddy where's your mom is
that her dad stop this let's go
um hungry
we're at Eli's which I think I was just
here like to update video or date
Alliance whatever these girls you ready
to eat some food yes I am dead I'm ready
might they go dude alright so the
battery died at dinner so you didn't see
any shots of the delicious meal we had
but I'm about to put this little guy to
bed and call this day in life quits
where's ridin where's Rock there he is
but there guys go that was a day my life
13 and it was a little different type of
day for me but it was fun and I'm glad
Sam got to come up and hang out with me
and hope you guys enjoyed the experience
and my face is always super red at the
end of these I feel like I can't skate
in the heat anymore so thumbs up for
tomato head Andy and on that note
goodbye
ooh ridin you totally got baby look at
that that is baby slime one lens oh yeah
wonder we don't you don't anymore I love
you
you
