you too what's up I'm gonna cover half
of the songs that have ever been written
throughout all of time right here right
now there you go that's what it is but
all songs are about usually put YouTube
what is up guys this is an update video
where I talk about my life and blah blah
blah all that crap and just to get this
out in the open from the get-go it is
really hot in here it's hotter in here
than it is outside okay so if I look
like a like a sweaty freakin Apple if
that's a good picture at all I don't if
I look weird and get all sweaty in this
I'm sorry just like it's it's really hot
I ain't kiddin I ain't kiddin and I
don't use the word ain't that often so
if I say it I'm serious I think life has
been rock and rollin I've been really
busy preparing for the wedding and all
that stuff I'm getting married next
month as you guys probably know but yeah
as skating's going good and I don't know
why it's just kinda it is what it is I'm
busy but I'm having fun doing it I can't
complain I guess I should talk about
revive right off the bat revive is
slowly getting ready to launch I believe
we should get boards by the end of next
week but we're not gonna officially
launch it till the week after that so
within a week and a half let's say that
you will have a date on win revive stuff
will be ready and it's going to be by
the end of the month so don't worry it
is happening in June as promised as you
already probably know we have the
stickers in and we have getting the
shirts
any day now they're actually ready we
just need to go pick them up from the
place that makes them and then like I
just said the boards are gonna be in
about a week and a half so I'm ready to
start selling skateboards again the only
thing that sucks is that with me getting
married next month that it's gonna be
really crazy with all the orders and the
ordering and running the company of
Allah and that is why I do not run it
alone that's why I have some awesome
dudes that help me out with this but I
just want to thank you guys in advance
for being understanding and it's it's
gonna be a hectic time we're gonna be
out of stock of some things but I
figured like in a month and a half in
two months we'll be like back in action
like having stock at all times you know
like growing living life petting polar
bears all the stuff that you have to do
when you're an adult I'm not sure that
wrapped up the way I'm into one thing I
want to talk about this video is
sponsored okay over the past few years
I've technically been repping a few
companies um obviously revive I'm gonna
claim as a sponsor it's my company like
I I have my own back and that's pretty
obvious right
at Orion I've taken we've been flow
whatever that means at this point in my
life for Orion
and I'm still wrapping them like I love
the company and I love the dudes who
work there they're awesome so I have
Orion's back but the company I kind of
have to talk about is Vox shoes okay
like I was skated Vox shoes for a very
long time before I even talked to the
company I was skating Vox a relief
troopers I love the shoe and then I
started talking to him and I was like I
would love to rep you guys so they're
like alright let's go and I had to do to
the company name Bryan Blakely he was
the main guy that I've talked to at all
times he was a super nice guy but he
left the company like to this day I
still follow on Instagram and fringe
them on Facebook like like he's a cool
dude but when he left the company
communication was just really spotty
with Vox like they would ignore me and
then also the new guy would have that
position or like mouth marketing so then
I start talking to him and like it came
down to like there's a really cool guy
at the end but the communication was
still up and down all over the place so
I was just like I'm sick of bugging the
company out email them like five times
like do you still want me to represent
you guys like oh yeah finally they would
message me and I'd be like okay and then
they'd have me do something for my
channel for them and I just wouldn't
hear from him for a while so it's like I
kind of gave up because like at this age
I could buy my own shoes it's not a
problem I was just doing me to support
them and I don't want to sit here like
feeling like I'm begging for shoes you
know so I finally just gave up on the
idea I'm not claiming them as a sponsor
anymore originally they had me saying
that I was a flow for them so I'm I
haven't talked to in a long time and I'm
gonna say hey I do not ride for box
everything I've ever said about the
shoes I meant relief troopers are one of
the my favorite skate shoes I've ever
skated and you know I like the shoes but
just the company was so up and down
getting rid of employees out left and
right so I just like man I just can't
deal with this you know no ironically
enough at the same time that I made that
decision we had robert brink on as on
strike cast as a guest Robert brink if
you don't know he works at stole tech
which owns America and then he's the
host of weekend buzz over on ride
Channel but he offered the whole shred
cast crew of three pairs of America's
and I was like yeah you don't gotta tell
me twice my gosh so I got the West Gates
and oh my gosh this is awesome for one I
got home and I saw a box from America
and I was like a dream come true because
all during high school and then some ice
skate in America they're like the brand
that I was like man if I'd make it big
if I go pro I want to skate for America
so it was like a dream come true like my
childhood self was high-fiving me from
within like there's a hand coming out
and I was like yep that wasn't creepy
but I've recently got to skate them and
it feels so good to be back in America's
I don't really like the new style of
skate shoes but the ones I picked out of
America like they feel so good they they
feel like I can actually jump down a gap
but at the same time I feel my board and
they skate well I can flip trickery it's
really awesome so thank you rob and
America is good to be skating some
Americas again so skateboarding world
aside have you guys seen the matchbox 20
and this is random ID okay but I've been
on Facebook recently and like people
that like matchbox 20 Facebook for some
reason wants me to know that they're
like hey man this person lives is a
matchbox 20 and I cannot help but think
that the main lead singer dude in the
picture looks like Luke Skywalker like
from Episode four like people look at
this is that not Luke Skywalker leading
a bunch of awkward musicians behind him
yeah that is totally happening I just
felt the need to tell you guys about
that because I keep seeing it and I'm
like oh my gosh I've got a vent about
this and one more thing before I wrap up
guys I filmed the cutest thing the
funniest thing I've ever filmed in my
entire life Kenny and it was a ridin and
it involves him like not getting hurt
because when babies kind of get hurt
they don't actually get hurt unless
they're hurt does that make sense
ridin Phil down the other day not off
anything just kind of like fell to the
ground and he cried and the way it
happened was the funniest cutest thing
I've ever filmed and I think I feel like
I have to upload it to YouTube if he
bumps his head or whatever or falls down
I usually don't upload it to YouTube
just because it's like my baby falling
you know which happens you know like as
your baby you just bump into things and
you fall down and you cry for five
seconds and you're better that's how
life is but I feel like I really have to
upload this clip so if you want to see
this video give this video a thumbs up
okay it gets enough I will upload it I
think if I actually upload this this
could be like my one viral video it's
like I was sharing it to family members
and they were just like my friend Sam
Tabor literally had to pull over he was
crying while he was driving cuz I guess
he's watching a stoplight so uh give
this video a thumbs up if you want to
see it and then watch out for that in
the next few days if if I upload I'm
still I'm still deciding on whether I
will or not but that's it for this
update video guys the videos to come I
have a day in life 13 tomorrow I have a
really awesome skate video coming this
weekend too and then next weekend watch
out for a revived randomness 8 or 9 I
don't know what's it whichever one we're
on a new one is coming next weekend so
I'll see you guys in the future make
sure you subscribe wherever that is
or die sounded so mean no Lauren
subscribe or flip and twist there we go
that one
it was kinda like a dream come true like
I just like oh my gosh she was a pop
here's a pop here is a pow why are you
singing no one cares you idiot or in
here than is outside so I looked like a
so I look like a so I look like a bitch
just get my hat where's your head I
don't know why you do this that why you
talk about Beatrice now at the same time
I made that decision we had decision
decision decision talk right words idiot
you guys know I'm about to cover every
single I probably told you guys like I
was like blown away I thought it was
gonna be good but it was great it was
really good so did I just say that I
thought it was gonna be good but it was
great and it was good like really up
down up down up down up down down up up
down
dad dad made that decision Robert
Britain we had okay you have mental
problems yes you do clearly I do because
I said that in a third person like a
second person and not me I didn't say I
have mental problems
oh gosh you guys should be worried about
me
