who manuals an entire Street I mean
obviously Aaron Cairo does but I mean
seriously that was ridiculous i was
actually about to put my camera way in
the car and Aaron's like hey Andy filmed
this and I was like okay and I filmed
him and I was like oh yeah you know of
course that happened why wouldn't that
happen it just goes to show you how
amazingly talented Aaron Cairo is he did
that first try so props to air cargo for
being a master of his art but this is a
shred cast announcement video shred cast
as a podcast we do every thursday at
five o'clock pacific standard time we
have myself via black ninja we have Doug
distills we have Basque width and we
have Josh cat tonight I just murdered
the counting on my hand but uh tune in
guys you'll be able to ask his questions
live and talk to us it's really fun time
it is at shred cast calm and it's
happening every Thursday five o'clock I
will see you guys there or I will not
and yes that's it awkward silence
Oh
