that was hands-down like the best
backside double flip in the whole world
I'm just done I don't know what width
but i'm done with something but my
brother's over at orion trucks they were
like a man you should have let this
footage from eric and i was like i will
absolutely upload this footage of mary
because this is amazing and they
actually sent me more footage than you
just saw i'm gonna split into two videos
i'm going to upload the rest tomorrow I
was like all right this is just too too
much awesome skateboarding the world
can't handle this much at one time so
tune in tomorrow for more footage of
them but right now you should go tell me
did an awesome job at skateboarding and
in life like he's just a good he's just
a good that's all I gotta say so i'll
put his facebook page right down there
and then URL at the end of this video
and go like his page and say dude I saw
you on Andy's video you are a good and
he's gonna be confused but he's going to
get the point because he's one talented
skateboarder so uh yeah tune in tomorrow
for more of this and then I was got more
footage on the way so subscribe wherever
that button is and go tell Merrick he
shreds on a skateboard I'll see you guys
the future goodbye text from the fiance
why are you still here
