this is how to make a baby happy with a
box you take the baby oh and you put him
in the box and you pretend it's a race
car
planet buddy so apparently burping is
funny today I don't want to watch
Spongebob no what you get that just get
the camera out of my face grab it and
eat it because that's what you do is eat
things don't you that's you look that's
your face in the camera you know riding
you're supposed to drink that not eat it
too
mom I'm gonna ask you something and
you're gonna be honest am i adopted
don't be afraid to break my heart I can
take
you get to bring it to go y'all get
tickled right and where are you are you
in the cabinet rated this is the P bomb
ridin dog and his name was Jack I put
him in the bar dad no offense don't eat
his wrong way but stop playing with my
mouth
seriously get annoying I'm tired you
lost your sock kid didn't you
this is us this is what we look like
ahaha baby baby slime right on the lens
