all right guys so I know I've had a few
videos saying hey go subscribe to our
show cause it's awesome and he's my
brother like I could do that every day
and be fine with it
but when I saw this video I had no idea
was coming for one thing but I saw it I
was like oh my gosh
Alex buting is the James Bond of mini
skateboards like I cannot believe how
good he's getting at this mini
skateboard when I saw this I was like
dude Alex I have to show this more
people okay because he's probably like
one of the best mini skateboards in the
entire world like he's getting so good
and in fact since he posted this video
that you just saw he did a shove it
Smith grind to fakie in a different
video on his channel I was like dude how
would you do that it's like landing on a
micro machine if anyone remembers what
Micro Machines are I do so once again go
subscribe to Alex's channel click that
right there and you will thank me I mean
not only is he one heck of a mini
skateboarder but he is really really
good on the real thing as you've seen in
the we are revenge series and I'm done
I'll be back with more content guys
thank you for watching and click his
stupid face as he says I'm not making
fun of him every once you'd be like
barnacle on his face stupid that's what
he says ok get off my back and now I
can't leave my chair because this isn't
the way you know I feel like cramped
Alex's face is just like cornering me
here take it away
music
