you know it's really stupid is when
people are territorial about video games
it's like if someone owns a ps3 they
have to make fun of everybody that plays
an xbox I mean come on
really how petty is that like you really
have a problem with what system another
person plays a video game on let's just
put that into perspective for a second
okay that's like someone walking around
saying hey man I owned a hamster screw
your gerbil I totally got a hamburger
right now your hotdog is worthless I got
two aunts your uncle sucks I mean
seriously how stupid does that sound
that is what I hear when I see people
hating another console on the Internet
and my favorite part is when people
actually sound disappointed when they
find someone else plays a different
system oh you play a ps3 I'm sorry I
can't be friends do I'm gonna go ride my
horse into the castle and we're a bunch
of diamonds not classy with my classy
friends that play xbox I mean geez I
play this way more that I play that but
I don't find me hating on the ps3 I just
like Mario Zelda way better than the new
stuff so there's my random thought of
the moment thumbs up if you feel me on
this
I'm gonna go guys you got a new car
today which is a VW and it's way better
than every other car and if you drive
differently you're dead to me
glowy t-rex that makes you want to have
a seizure
one thing I want to say is that coke is
way better than Pepsi and that's not
disputable or opinion that's actually
just a fact
oh gosh I think my bank account just got
bigger right there yeah
just from drinking coke yeah oh I'm
sitting here too that's pretty cool yeah
it just makes you a better person I'm
just kidding if you like Pepsi that's
weird but I don't have anything against
it because not one of the people they're
making other consoles for no reason good
bye
