you guys see that this is Metro skate
shop easily one of the most popular
skate shops in the country and look
around you see nothing what's on the
wall
Justin nothing no skateboards because
they sold them all because they're going
out of business
you should be outraged because I'm
outraged this should not happen this is
what happens when people don't support
their local skate scene let this be a
warning to you all that this is the way
the skateboard industry is going and we
can't have this happen granted the good
thing about this is that Metro is never
going to die Metro is going to continue
whether it be a YouTube channel or
future projects which I might know about
and you don't either way this ramp is
about to die
and we're going to skateboard on it even
if it's not impressive we're skating on
it right now you want to hold this
camera and point at people
like this if you ever write here minutes
own
all right guys so I'm not usually
preaching on my channel but I feel like
this is a message we need to hear as
skateboarders when I heard that Metro
skate shop was closing down I was like
whoa it opened my eyes I mean Metro
because of the Internet is one of the
most popular skate shops in the country
and it's closing like that does not make
sense to me at all Metro is ran by Joel
Judah ger who is an awesome dude but
more importantly he is 100% skateboarder
like his heart and soul goes out to
skateboarding all he wants to do is
skateboard and give back to the
community and you know live life as a
skateboarder granted he's still gonna do
this I mean he's not gonna change one
bit but the fact that he had to close
metro down in this economy should be a
big heads up for us skateboarders
skateboarding always has been mainly ran
by skateboarders okay like all these
companies all the shops they usually ran
by skateboarders and that's the way it
should be because skateboarding is not a
gigantic industry it's not small but
it's not to the point where like you can
just enter skateboarding and make you
know 50 grand a year on it it's really
tough to make a living in skateboarding
so as a skateboarder naturally we want
to support the skateboarding brands and
keep the people that actually skate and
have a passion for it involved in the
industry but the last five years there
been a lot of corporations just kind of
filtering into skateboarding that the
people sitting behind these and getting
all the money probably have never set
foot on a skateboard I just read an
article and it was really crazy to see
all the companies that have people like
this that don't have anything to his
skateboarding like Maloof money Cup vans
Adidas Nike Zoo York like Zoo York's
like from the streets of New York you
know like it blew my mind to find out
that was owned by a corporation and
granted I'm sure like the people that
are actually making decisions and it
probably have something to a
skateboarding but guys it should not be
this way like really like the people
that should be getting money from
skateboarding are the people that are
skateboarding and out there doing it not
the people that decided yeah I'll invest
in this and take all the money that's
taking away from the professional
skateboarders out there that are beating
themselves up every day or the people
that grew up skateboarding this wanted a
career in it like that's those the
people that deserve the money in
skateboarding and if we keep supporting
all these corporations and ignore the
skate shops and the skater
brands like that's gonna kill us guys
and like skateboarding is not going
anywhere you know it did no matter who
is selling you the products everyone's
going to skateboard because we love
skateboarding but if you want
skateboarding to be a skateboarders
world we have to support skateboarding
so I'm not saying boycott Nike or vans
I'm not attacking any companies I'm just
saying don't forget about the
skateboarders okay like go to your skate
shop like if you have a local skate shop
say hey man I'm going to buy my shoes
from you and if they don't have a
product that you want ask them to get it
if they have any sense at all they'll
get that product for you and they'll
sell it to you because that's the way
the scene should work you should support
the community and the community should
support you as a skateboarder and I
completely understand that a lot of the
world is online now but there are a lot
of online businesses ran by
skateboarders I'm an example of one of
them really all I'm saying is that when
you're putting money into skateboarding
by buying product think about where it's
going and then maybe this is a lost
cause or a lost battle but I'm not going
to stop fighting okay I'm gonna try to
skate the shoes that are ran by
skateboarders I'm gonna try to support
local shops and I'm going to do what I
can so this is just me trying to help
the industry because I grew up in it and
I don't want it to die I don't want to
grow up and see you know my son ride and
just skating around wearing a bunch of
corporate like brands and stuff like
that you know I just want to see like a
man I know the guy that ran that or
started that company and it just makes
me proud to see that skating is still
skateboarding if that makes sense
and since this video is inspired by
Metro boom click this right here go show
them some love and subscribe to their
Channel I would trust Joe jr. with
industry if there was a president of
skateboarding I would nominate Joe for
it and like I said just because the
shops done doesn't mean Metro is going
anywhere ok just like this says right
here Metro ever dies and we're not gonna
let him die ok so check out their
channel support them and most
importantly let's save skateboarding
