you do what is up guys so I have not
done in a while but I'm doing it now a
shoe test mainly because this is a
upgraded version of my favorite shoe in
the whole world this specifically in red
is my favorite skate shoe of all time
this is the S Swift it is amazing you
can jump down stuff you can feel your
skateboard it lasts it is perfect this
is the Swift ever stitch do you actually
know like the specifics about this
because I just know that it looks cool
no all right so well this is what we're
doing a testable have an opinion at the
end of this so here it is it's the same
mold as the Swift it's got texture it's
got a lot of texture and less design
which is kind of quite like it it's more
simplistic yeah I like simple it's got a
fabric that I don't I don't know what it
is what is it like what do you call it
what does that call like it's intimate
it's almost like a hold the shoe is
embroidered doesn't it no it's feel it
I'm just gonna embroidered I feel the
situation going on it's it's a newer
material now you know why tougher may
you may is what your look you came to
this video for just an average dude that
has no knowledge on shoes and then give
their opinion yeah that's why you're in
the right place so but the noticeable
difference the toe pad hang the toe what
does that called toe toe toe cap it has
some extra texture on the toe cap too so
maybe you'll feel that what like when
you with your flip tricks I imagine it's
the same in here but it is a little more
expensive right yes things that I do
notice difference is that it actually
has metal things around where the laces
holes are and then it has a little
rubber thing for the top one so that
actually might be good in your Ollie's
my ex add an extra little bit of grip
but I'm gonna throw these shoes on and
you've been skating him right that's
good okay so oh so you're really due to
this - yeah cool I'm gonna escape these
and my do some tricks for you guys and
then this dude and I are will talk about
at the end and he'll do some tricks -
did I say we maybe well let's lace up
high that's how fresh skateboarders like
the Street League dudes they like they
like get together right before it
happens like lace Amon and then they
lace and I don't they do it every time
a little mini padded big handy on the
big baby pants oh I can't warm up I
tried I tried to get distribution he
wants to be in here with us
these are instantly comfortable with my
feet you know how most shoes got a
break-in like there's no like this feels
like stretchier anybody yet firm this is
I hope this isn't my new shoe because I
only have two pairs if they are my new
shoe I'll go bug Kelly and Don to just
keep making them by the way yeah I ride
for ask though the best years ever Thank
You Kelly hard and Don Brown for
everything you do and keep and chews on
my feet
let's skateboard shoes right now
it was weird but than me
Oh
you did it
it was so good that's probably the best
when I'm done it was like a little nose
heavy when I landed but ah I'm so glad I
did that
these shoes are comfortable like I
didn't feel like I just got skating new
shoes at all
smells I love this I love it better than
the Swift I'd say right away I like this
you a lot I'm like no it's comfy it held
up the same it feels the strong as a
swift gradual have to keep skating this
to got your shoe off how does that feel
good
I'll have to keep skating it's like
really form an opinion but at first up
the first impression this is so awesome
I did kickflips like the whole time I'm
so sweaty mess because I skated for like
an hour pretty much kick flipping and
you can see that you could tell it I've
been kickflipping but it doesn't seem
like any actual like stuff has been
taking off in the white there's no marks
in the white I'm just not realizing now
that I'm going this you how light this
is so part of the technology yeah dude--
insanely light yeah
unbelievably like you so first
impression I'm saying it's my favorite
shoe of all time because it's better
than my other favorites you have all
time but if it even wears down faster
you know like I will probably change my
opinion but this is a great great shoe
by a great company
if you guys want stuff like this to
exist make sure you support it grab it
go to your local skate shop we have an
online skate store the shred course calm
which has it in it we have of course
urge you to support your local scene but
for everyone else boom we carry these
and I will back a still until the day I
can make it snow not today I cannot
whenever you know ups an expense till
the end hopefully there is no end though
except me I want to die I'm going to say
yeah I don't want to live for everybody
terrible so there you guys go
um thank you for skateboarding in this
thank you for filming sir gerard if you
guys want to see more videos there's my
link or you hit the subscribe button
right down below it's free it's easy
you're starting to see more videos and
you'll see one probably morrow yeah so
we have this in our store this specific
shoe did I say that you did what else
did I say a lot of things I don't
remember anything
because I'm a skateboarder and
skateboarders wear pants that was like a
married moment right there wasn't what
the five-year-old literally just told
you this he wears wear pants gasps skin
and unless you're like guys no one
wouldn't do it unless you're one of
those like cost in the look that like
tack and you look great in shorts some
of the judges you shouldn't be a choice
especially you gotta prove your shorts
you gotta prove you're good of
skateboards or shorts and we are not not
yeah we've shoes your shoes YouTube
what's up guys I haven't done
