youtube what's up guys so if this
wardrobe is ever in fashion I then I
just quit humanity because I can't do it
unless you're daft Punk Daft Punk you
probably get away with this Bob a bomb
how the faster better stronger oh that's
a bad nerve sword but whats up youtube
this is enough day video we're talking
about life and you either listen or
don't uh yeah it's been a couple weeks
since I've done one of these because
I've been in California working my face
off on my skateboard so i'll just talk
about that from the get-go California
was awesome but it was a little too long
for me I mean like it when I'm out there
skating every day one my body was like
had to remember how to skateboard every
day because i usually go to skate like
two hours a week so it was awesome in
that aspect because by the end of the
trip i was like heck yeah i can skate
every day i was like back in the flow of
things but being away from my family was
really really tough like when i got home
and saw a little dude i was like oh my
gosh little smile it was the best moment
ever but the actual trip I mean the
skateboarding and all the people we
skated with and the people we met was so
awesome it was a lot of fun we were
really productive we got to we aren't
revenge is done and we got a bunch of
clips for the actual video we spent the
first half of the trip in LA where we
stayed with my good friend Brett Novak
who is an awesome host a great friend
and Brett if you actually watch this
video thank you very much for being an
awesome dude we were actually out
skating every single day with Doug desi
tells who is oh my gosh she's usually
called Doug talent because he gets on
the skateboard you can just like make
easy knit you know what I want the board
to flip this way and the board is like
yes I will of course flip this way sir
master Doug so watch out for Doug and we
are invention 35 because he destroys
some things in it as for the city la is
amazing for skateboarding of course you
just drive down the road and there's
like 10 famous skate spots and then the
food is excellent my gosh best Mexican
food in the whole entire world of the
world except maybe in Mexico might be
better there i'm thinking my only thing
about la is that it's just like two
sardine together okay you drive it down
the street you're like I want a Gatorade
and then there's like a thousand other
people that want that exact Gatorade you
know your Grandpa's like freaking
ramming your car then there's Uncle Jim
hanging off a wire look I'm gonna get
there first it's not actually like that
but there really is like a thousand
people in the highway at all times it's
just kind of like oh my gosh I need some
breathing room then we headed up to San
Francisco which is the first time I
actually got to spend substantial time
in the area and it was awesome like it
was so much mellower than I thought it
was gonna be the city gets kind of crazy
sometimes but you can actually drive in
the Bay Area like it's so big and I'm
like I can do this like I like this so
we had a really good time in san
francisco and aaron carter was our host
of course and uh he is just as much a
machine as you thought he was like he's
just right up there with doug like
they're like Jedi's of the skateboard
world oh my gosh so expect really
awesome content the next we are avenges
and to everyone that came up to us and
hung out with us thank you is awesome
meeting you and it was just a really
good time like everyone was so nice to
us and all of our host Doug Aaron Brett
Sam's brother Tyler everybody thank you
very much and if I'm forgetting someone
I'm sorry I will write your love letter
be like I love you and thank you and I
love you so I of course have to address
revived and what's going on with that
I'm really sorry we really were
expecting an early June launch but the
wood press is going like really slow
with our decks and the first half of May
they were like yeah the graphics look
good we should have these to you in two
to three weeks and I was like awesome
because I go to California come back and
then boomer Bible be happening well then
two weeks later they messaged us and
said hey we need these for the graphics
I was like you literally just told us
that the graphics roque of two weeks ago
so then there was some mix ups with
emails and finally I think they have
everything and hopefully they put a rush
on this but we're gonna have to wait at
least two weeks for them to come out so
two or three weeks revive will happen I
apologize for the slow down but we
really couldn't have done anything about
this you just kind of have to trust
companies to like rock their product you
know but it doesn't always happen I'm
purple so they announced the xbox one
and I'm I don't really care about Xbox
honestly like I don't have anything
against it I go play xbox all you want
but uh I just I thought it was kind of
weird that goes one they went from xbox
xbox 360 xbox one kind of like going
back and I get its whatever it's just a
name I really don't care but the fact
that you can't play it without the
internet kind of like putting me a light
bulb out at d light bulb in my head if
you may I was like that does not make
sense at all you know with technology
things r opposed to get better and
easier right but like I feel like lately
the new video game systems I've been
like wait what like everything should be
backwards compatible I should be able to
play a Playstation one game on my ps4
and you know vice person with xbox and
nintendo at least nintendo you can play
wii games on the wii u that's kind of
cool but still a gamecube that should go
in there and then
connection thing is like it just sucks
like what if you're moving into a new
place like I can't play video games
because don't have the internet for two
days like I don't know I just feel like
things should be getting easier and not
like you have to do this to do this like
now it's 2013 like my phone like can
talk to me my phone could talk to me my
egg vine video game system should be
with play videos done internet
connection so there's a quick rant about
it oh no I don't know what your guys
thoughts on I don't actually care too
much because I've never played xbox I've
just had my Nintendo systems and I get a
playstation 4 some other games so it's
cool i don't really care as long as I
can keep playing my games but if I was
an xbox player I'd be kind of bummed so
my book totally came out and I know
you've seen a few videos on this but it
kind of sucks I like I went to
California the moment this came out
because I didn't haven't had time to
like really put the other solid
promotions for it so I'm going to work
on that and I just want to say thank you
to everyone who's picked up a copy and
like said all the nice things I've got a
lot of positive feedback and sound so
you guys are really liking it so thank
you very much to everybody and if you do
want to pick up a copy and have it you
can always get it Andy schrock calm and
if you live internationally you can find
on your local amazon but if you live
here in the US get it from Andy Stratcom
it's easier and it helps me out a little
more I don't have that link towards the
end of the video and right at the top of
the info but it's not really hard to
remember Andy Stratcom you can probably
remember that but as for the physical
copy of the book i'm really happy i came
out it's really easy on the eyes and
like the cover looks a little darker
than we thought but overall it looks
really nice and uh Brian names did that
so Brian thank you i still owe you
dinner ask for videos expect some
promotional stuff of that i might post a
little more classic footage kind of
promoting the book like just footage
from that era of my life that kind of
coincides with the story but as for non
book related videos i have a video come
out later today tough making fun of
people's attitude toward video game
consoles you know the internet so that's
like a new approach kind of for me it's
a good just a random thought video and
tomorrow i have we are avenged 35 so be
ready for that and i have the normal
skate and goofiness always on the way so
stay tuned guys and subscribe for more
videos wherever that subscribe button is
and bloopers the end of this like always
and i will see you in the future i'm
going to use a hammer and make this
bouncing ball fly your face boom that's
not exciting no
what kind of making fun of video game
consoles here on the internet not make
it but as for non book related videos I
definitely I did not just leave the
screen right there did I just leave the
screen right there while I might keep
singing a rhyming in this like every
time I mess up it's just like me singing
and rhyming it's like what I do today
how many and everything it's like I can
do this it's like there's you can drive
on roads and you can just I don't know
it's thing is amazing always you just
write down the street you see like 10
famous fit an update video and it's
pretty cast button it's been a cast Matt
tuna and when I don't know when I kind
of realized it's been that I was like
well maybe I should say something that
actually says English to their balls I
don't know so I have to address revived
of course yeah so it's blink it's pink
you
you
