I was done nothing
okay hello this awesome
you got a man hey excuse me can move
over
you kidding me really on top of the
cabinets how does a new low for you
YouTube but what's up guys real quick I
want to inform you guys is something
this was actually just supposed to be a
promo for revived because revived was
supposed to be getting Dex any day now
but we're actually having to hold on a
little bit longer I told you June and
still going to be June but it's just
going to be in a couple more weeks to
three more weeks I for whatever reason
the would press told me that the
graphics are ready and then two weeks
after that they're like oh we need this
thing for the graphic so I was like I
thought those were already ready and
good to go so hang in there guys because
as soon as i know i will tell you guys
what's happening with a product because
trust me i wanted in stock so i can get
it to you dudes and oh yeah the skating
which is what this whole video was about
the first place that trick was
originally in we armage 24 like a
sloppier version of it which is kind in
this video but josh was saving the
smoother landing in case you want to use
it first part was she released in a
montage nine so i was like you know what
i'm gonna upload all these weird things
that happen during the session and all
the sticks and show it to you dudes so
if you're not subscribed to josh's
channel to be a link at the end of this
and check it out because you just did an
ollie a triple flip which is crazy like
i don't i feel like i shouldn't be
friends as it was like dude you get all
the triple flip we should not be friends
i'll keep being friends of them because
it's josh here's a kid I catch cat
chases say goodbye say goodbye okay or
hate the camera how about that
you
