the worst film ever we're stuck in
traffic in general there's like nobody
moving there's there's three dudes
pushing a truck look at this I wasn't
kidding they're really pushing that
truck that's not what's up dude think
about that like a let's push this truck
all right we're likely to miles I don't
know oh yeah no no
can you see it it's so hard to see if
you see it in your honey you see it
you're gonna walk down to Brooke 7s on
it don't day we're gonna walk down to
electric avenue I thought that was the
one if you let it it could have been fun
and if I continue singing this song will
be cheesy in that rhyme man you really
haven't going to trick this whole
episode sounded scripted
can't do it when you're doing oh I'm
giving you yes I'm get me I can't sit on
us rock hander that was the ender
me
but kill you javis and I hurt my lungs
balls
you
