I'm healed
you're better can we go back inside it's
raining Casey what you do to earth well
welcome inside what are we doing we're
house ones this fits worlds was it it is
today a special warehouse Wednesday
because it's the fall release and John
won't stay for once Doce boring he won't
so it's really loud in the background I
apologize but I'll yell Oh John and
we'll get to it when you want to start
this out yelling a job yes I thought I
was gonna have to step in and yell
that's not long time I've ever seen him
yell 10 feet away like this coming at
you but stop skateboarding or that car
okay what's happening today I listen to
him at all Badman no we've got stop
we've got stuff it is the fall release
sigh it's happening this weekend at the
Shred quarters calm at midnight Friday
night when it clicks over to Saturday
Eastern Standard Time all this stuff
comes out to skate shops that will have
it starting like then and within the
next week right correct so that's
happening I just happen okay this is
happening and that's happening sure what
do you be stickers we do up stickers you
start with stickers no one bigger I
always start with stick always start
with stickers okay I'm calling this the
chunk sticker pack okay I'm gonna call
it the medical assist let's not do this
go through medical assistance air pack
you get ten different stickers here so
you couldn't get three of the new neon
lifeline which will see our t-shirt here
in a moment
you're gonna get it'll take us a moment
now that I'm wearing it you're gonna get
three of the monster your stickers this
is gonna be variation sort of icon the
pro decks we then we have the chun-kit
stickers you get four of these for these
three of these hand three of these okay
look I'll hold it up to the next year
your your body no not that one give that
one of it
look you are open for business aren't
you
yes you are I really like the 3d cats we
did a variation on that remix okay I got
to remix sometimes what are those guys
in English dub DJs okay DJ's will remix
songs they'll turn the tables and this
is what they make the remix of Kent yeah
just as Claude DJ no it's called remix
DJ remix cab DJ no it's not
moving forward with the distance this is
could you forcefully put it on Casey
please no please please forcibly put on
Casey's smile like this do you guys get
really bummed when I come up with ideas
I thought that was gonna be overly
friendly and it went pretty well how
does it look with the sleeves it looks
great look at that guy yeah is that your
new thing now you're like Joe Meehan
like the Mellon Mouse is the monster T
this is my personal T out of the entire
collection I really like this
I like the maroon I like the simplicity
of it I really like this so every single
one they buy is your personal shirt you
just said that so this is my person well
I'm gonna cut out the favor nose it is
my personal shirt okay say you have hair
but you want to cut it off and you cut
it off and then you need your head to be
warm what do you do
with two different variations of the
beanie so much no hair I just got a
haircut to look comfy with the chunky
logo on it and then we also have an
updated version how's the script beating
with a cuff on it and also that you can
unfold it and it works it's just a
normal now these are made this is made
with a hundred percent North American
hard rock beans right yes okay snapback
it's got the chunk graphic on as well
too raised embroidered yeah logo on it
so he was kind of like it failed in life
and now it's snapping back uh-huh yeah
that's what that means when you're
wearing this as a male the girls are
gonna be looking at you okay so imagine
imagine this okay girls this is what the
girls are gonna see therefore you'll
probably get their number yeah he's
looking good great blue it's charcoal
charcoal Navy Navy Navy grab charcoal
guess what sure yes pullover sweatshirt
I would love my crew to wear this update
update a variation on the scripted
pullover hoodie this is like the most
revived colored hoodie ever I don't know
if we've ever had a black with red graph
yeah but yeah hoodie the red lifeline
remember that we need a black hoodie
with red lifeline yeah way
wait a long time so if you want to feel
very revived me this is the hoodie for
you yes like very throwback for ya you
can walk into any grocery store and
they're gonna let you in I don't know
why they wouldn't but yeah this is
called the grocery store no it's not yes
it is no it's a script it's Pleasant the
black scripted pullover hoodie and they
already kind of know about this yeah
next up we hand tie-dyed each individual
one of these because our manufacturer
couldn't make these in time so we're
like screw it we're gonna do it
ourselves
yeah his work hand touched by you by you
you you were there I was there yeah he
looked at him before you know I did
orders that day okay tie-dyed by handful
of the revived guys and they came out
looking policy they look amazing so
there's only there's like 100 of them so
a hundred of them so these are gonna go
fast that's their they're here and then
this is the tie-dye chunk this we should
really call this the prom getter because
you will get a date to prom coup code
the problem Gators I called the price
that is a marketing genial move prima
GoPro for he would be a good librarian
look how I get stored through books so
we have they didn't know what keeping
this dude we got some wood grain okay we
got it says survive and then the spray
painter didn't finish the job so it's a
little you see through to the veneers
below so since it is the chunk graphic
and it is edgy this is the chin so now
it's not the chunk this is a red Chunkin
is the white chunky look at the details
you can see in the antennae the sexes
are just too fantastic let's move on
something that's that's equally this
colors new life line for the season the
neon lifeline yeah on the shirt on the
board go it open for business now
working out where guys in neon light one
this board turned out fantastic it looks
really really good so good yes I'm on
cydia right now super - are well yeah
like cuz I what I like to think of is
when you're out there and it's clearly
on things are gonna be lit oh yeah you
get it oh yes I do
okay we believed you we learned like
thanks mr. dowdy Mustafa birthed Borge
back to boys immersion so this is great
remix cat promote great no no no DJ no
this is the remix cat graphic links
bored a lot I mean okay so the first one
did very well we're gonna next to Casey
it's like he has a pet cat on the
shoulder okay cowboy Ken people love
pink and purple looks awesome and the
cat is just shocked it looks that good a
superstar knows when turned out yeah
let's bring a pro guy in grab that top
four that's not yours
okay well we do have who's that oh this
is Doug tell us did you just put a
picture of Doug on a board and it looks
like the toxic for Seder you remember
that guy don't look exactly like the
pros December you were George gun does
look with you but you know they're ones
that really doesn't really know oh
you're making fun of them okay carry
each one's got like a monster referees
Nevers yeah representing them but
semester on the business called the DD a
melt left this is Doug this tells
monster he's a patty melt
moving on grab another one John okay
it's a very especially with it that just
came out like this is this is a little
Eddie
it is this tree is there any
representation just the amount of just
adjust just the mouth kind of hmm I'm
scared it would look so good like what
he's got going on right now you look so
hot John but it's not just one second
maybe John Hill board
this is Geiger nevermind you can talk
about it so this is Johnny Geiger he is
our Swedish friend and this is the Swiss
is he he's Swiss
okay yeah and this is the abominable
snowman yeah kinda yeah so if you were
ever to anger Johnny Geiger this is what
he looked he would probably just shake
his head and walk away in all honesty
that's I feel like that's how Johnny but
but then his boards right here yeah this
is how he feels inside awesome well hope
you guys enjoyed all that's all the
board's that we have John you're off
como comes out this weekend
right does this weekend at midnight no
I'm kidding John come back and back and
back did John get aboard that was
actually filmed that amazing you know
what do you like it I had a lot to do
with the I yeah I had a lot to do with
the tweaking of this with the a lot so
and it came out good you're a kiss fan
okay right this is a dragon cool monster
and one-eyed dragon yeah well thank you
that's like clock cycle agate I love
cycling
what's that 4885 whatever if I take it
that's all yours and there you guys go
Brian I'm sorry you got a deal with me
during these things but all of that
stuff comes out this weekend on the
strike Korres calm thank you guys for
the eternal support we love this line
we're gonna do some skateboarding tricks
for you but just reiterate the link to
this red course comm is right down there
and you just type into your thing it
comes out at midnight Saturday so if
tailing Friday night as it clicks over
to Saturday it's free for all you guys
can get it and then check your local
shops of course that's it you want to
guys do a skateboard trick you guys look
like you guys look like a band right now
there didn't get that get there no no
wow look this is a cup and this is the
back of a CD look it really is on that
skateboard
congratulations your new trick guy okay
so there you guys go thanks for hanging
out with us today and like I said all
that stuff comes out this weekend the
information is right down there thank
you from the bottom of my heart and
everyone's hearts I'm speaking for
multiple hearts right now for all the
support and love and everything you guys
do for us you are the very best and
we'll see you guys in the near future
goodbye
no no more tricks no more tricks Casey
now don't don't you dare do it don't you
dare do it I hope you're happy
hey for the bonus flip you're gonna try
your first torchlight grab that board
just one truck one try grab it drop what
I do is just one try you got it no one's
gonna judge you maybe you'll just do it
first try ever
you better be better at that really
should be embarrassed
I'm not kidding you're great no your
face right there no no no not five just
leave your face there you go
okay that's weird
