is that on yeah why I'll dude listen to
this okay any time any talks I'm gonna
interrupt them by screaming ac/dc songs
hey camera what's up guys this is we
want revenge 34 what was that what was
that what's up guys over here this is
ridiculous
okay now that I'm alone and away from
Sam this is we are revenge 34 we are
here at Florence Park today which we
yeah yeah that's that that happened that
what's up guys as I was saying before
this guy rudely interrupted me three
times we were at Florence park we've
been here since we revenge' nineteen are
they and we reduce from skateboarding I
got a trick for you that's why you're
standing here all right Android heel
flip tail side on this ledge in where
people tail slide yeah I don't think I
can do that honestly yeah but this is we
aren't revenge you gotta like push
yourself man I'm just I'm just trying to
funding it I don't want to like dude you
got to do your trick man do like it you
gotta mind so much I've never done it
before you got to do it I don't just
you're stressing me out I don't
Oh kidding you can do it yeah we'll do
it again
you
so that was the shortest montage ever
yeah well I had to be home yeah
mid-session so I had to go and we tried
to come back the next day and it's
raining so we're going onto the bridge
so I get some more skatepark footage for
you guys this episode is just unraveling
at the seams
dude you really haven't done a good
trick this entire no dude don't talk to
about this I'm just going to Ollie
around all day and I'm not going to land
a trick for the rest of them so because
it's just not my episode this dude gonna
bring you a creative skate tree I'm I am
yeah you have to actually have to yeah
oh my god you're making me do this
yeah you have to in you stress me out
doing all telling me to do just do it
just do it
create a skate trick just get over here
I need some help with my kick flips kick
it a party hey oh hey whoo that was good
I whoo hey you yeah you want a duel do a
duel do like you mini board me let's go
word big versus small large versus milk
carton ish we have ourselves a gentleman
skate duel oh yeah
pop it all but I was a switch flip on
the old school board so I don't care I'm
calling you the winner oh no I'm like a
better skateboarder than with this in my
real board so you're like actually
difficult when you skate on that okay
now you definitely just warm that dude
way now we're going to go Street spot
because we've been at way too many parks
this episode it's wet and weird
I've got again
you know you can do horse what n-word yo
fool tailslide uh no come on oh you told
me that last time do it so I can't do do
this trick I'm
is your ankle broken
apparently we found something way better
than the skate spot we found a turtle me
and Bao
and you are
okay guys so for classic we want revenge
style we're gonna make Alex try to ollie
a big gap to end this episode whole way
you should do a trick on this gap dude
dude I'm done with all your suggestions
dude done he's got stuff is wrong with
him today man I like how there's like
eight skateboarders and just one person
is ollying a gap it's pretty big you got
it no no I want to do it over here
success I think everybody just
high-fived you except Sam where's Sam
you guys seen Sam other than Sam Taber I
mean flu Hardy where is he dude Sam hey
anybody just hear right look over here
what not a note what are you kidding no
I'm not kidding
done with this stress I'm going to
California dude I really think you left
go read this I'm done with this dress
I'm going to California dude what are we
gonna do I guess we're gonna get a
Californian get him there's only thing
we can do is all your a pointing
fingers or your cabin papers at me
me
hey remember last episodes last I'm
gonna get you back on I'm gonna throw
your board why but you know what I'm
gonna do I'm not going to do this
episode because it's gonna build tension
if I don't yeah I don't into it yeah
it has to be when I don't expect it's
gonna build tension build the tension up
what are you doing I think you're not
going to know what it happens okay got
to do it one day you never get to see
comments gonna build tension gonna build
tension I think we told
you
