it makes my head
so there you guys go that was some very
classic footage a lot of those clips
have been sprinkled throughout my videos
over the course of time but I'm sure
there was something in there that you
haven't seen and I hope something that
you just watched enjoyed you that didn't
make sense
hope you enjoyed something you just
watched and the reason I'm uploading
this classic footage is to promote the
release of my book if you missed the
announcement video earlier today then
yes my book is out and that is a crazy
feeling because I just like it's like a
milestone in my life that I'm like I'm
super happy and proud about and I just
it's like we're like I wrote a book and
I can like hold it and look at it and
read it and like throw it I can throw it
I could do whatever I want with it
because it's real and that is insane so
I wanted to put together a series of
videos to kind of promote this and get
the word out because like I said in a
few videos ago this is like a personal
thing with me like this is my book it's
like highly highly highly based on my
experiences growing up and it's not a
100% accurate representation of what I
went through growing up because there's
a few things that I changed to make the
story flow and kind of wrap it together
as like one solid story I label it
fiction just because like the things I
did change I don't want to like lie to
people like some people were running
around thinking like this is what Andy
did and said I wanted it to be his own
story about anyone who is supporting me
and already bought it and spread help
spreading the word I love you you are
awesome and that truly means a lot but
I'll stop rambling guys if you want to
pick up my book and haven't already
there'll be a couple links at the end of
this video which either of those take
you right to a page where you can get it
and then if you're international and
those don't work you can always there's
some info right down there on how to get
it so thank you once again I'll be
posting some promo videos and tomorrow I
have we want revenge 34 and it's it's a
pretty fun one so uh I'll see you guys
in the future the show and I am going to
go here's a Red Bull but it's empty so
I'm not gonna drink it
of course my throat what else would I do
except it was like a terribly unexcited
thing to throw I'm sorry and sampling
already totally drew this a thumbs up
for an awesome drawing thank you Sam for
the Hardy
you
