over the last few years of my life I was
not sure if I was ever gonna get to sit
down and make this video but I am beyond
ecstatic to be able to do that right now
right here and it is simply to say that
my book yesterday erased is officially
published it is available for purchase
as of now I could ramble on for about
ten minutes about my book and how
thankful I am for you guys but I'm gonna
try to keep this simple I do want to say
thank you to everybody who is wanted
shut up I want to say thank you to
everybody who has talked about
supporting in person this book and
spreading the word that really means a
lot the money I make off this book goes
directly to supporting my family we're
gonna be buying a house later this year
and I'm just gonna take the money and
I'm gonna put it right into a down
payment on a house so I really owe you
guys and it means the world if you're
supporting me on this in any way and
plus this is a really personal thing
with me because like this book is highly
based on what I went through growing up
I can't say it's a hundred percent
accurate representation of what I went
through because there are some things
that I reworked for the story and like
just to make it come together as a story
a little more solid but it is highly
highly highly based on my life there are
tons of things in that book that
happened that we're exactly like it was
in real life so it's kind of like a
piece of me in this book like this book
is my baby I really want this book to
get out in the world and just like have
a positive impact I feel like a lot of
people could take something from this
book you know I was gonna throw a little
trailer together to show you guys along
with this announcement video but I don't
have a lot of time I'm getting ready to
go to California so I was in a bit of
rush and I figured I would just like put
that aside and make a good trailer so
watch out for that in the coming weeks I
do have a montage of classic clips from
the era that the book is based on it's
coming out later today and you've
probably seen a lot of footage on my
channel but I decided I would put it
together and like in celebration and to
promote the new book so watch out for
that and I will have videos sprinkled
throughout the next week on my channel
trying to hype it up but I want to start
wrapping this up guys I just want to say
thank you one more time to everyone who
supported me on this it truly does mean
so much and I know I've been a broken
record the last few days so I and that's
I will stop saying it but if you do want
to purchase a book there'll be a couple
links at the end of this video both of
them take you right to the page to
purchase it and if those aren't working
for any reason there'll be a base link
right at the top of the info you live
outside the US you can still purchase it
there'll be information down there I
think any international Amazon it will
have it for you but if you live in the
States use the top link or the links I
have at the end of the that supports my
family a little better so that rocks
thank you expect more content coming
soon and I will talk to you guys in the
future the chair and this is a serious
video ok so don't expect me to do
something stupid I'm just gonna get up
walk in a frame and the answer is gonna
happen here like oh wow he wasn't it a
gallon of water are you kidding me my
gosh
you
