you know what makes me mad and I don't
know why is that cotton eye Joe song
dude no don't do it don't do it just
right here I want to like rip my brain
out of my eyeballs that was kind of
weird graphic
wow wow I was uh I was just I was just
about to flip out bill you really did
that first try you just it looked like
you got overconfident hey you're like
yeah I didn't know I was it
what's that I say one more time one more
time yes this is a strict ass
announcement video we do a skateboarding
podcast every single week I do it so we
have basked with we have black ninja we
have Doug as tails we have josh katz
where we talk about skateboarding and
whatever random stuff would come up with
it is five o'clock every Thursday that a
specific standard time so I that's not
your time figure out what it is using
google and hang out with us it's live
you can ask us some questions talk to us
and if not it'll be here on YouTube and
this week we actually have a special
treat because Chaz Ortiz should be
joining up with us and that'll be a good
time he's a pretty epic guest so tune in
guys i'm gonna go i'm gonna go film a
bunch of other videos actually
