do you have any idea how good slush
puppies are like this one of those
things you have to buy once a while
you're like oh yeah I remember this is
completely delicious why don't I get
these everyday but I'm not here just to
talk about slush puppies unfortunately
i'm here to talk about my book i wrote a
book and it's been a long time coming
but it's about to be released in mere
days and that is crazy to think because
it's been almost 10 years since i wrote
it and like I mean the physical copy is
on the way to my house right now and I
just can't imagine like holding in my
hand like I read a book and I'm holding
it in my hands that's crazy and this
totally is not working holding two
things my hands I'm gonna go set this
down stay right there and don't let bugs
get all heavy gross cuz I want to drink
you but I want to tell you a little bit
about my book I went through a lot of
like just bummer dark depressing times
growing up and I'm not saying it's like
hey feel sorry for me not at all you
know at the very end of it when I was
about 19 20 years old I got to this
point where I was like I was honestly
thinking bad things and I'm not one to
give up I kept going through it but when
on my darkest moment I kind of had this
revelation I was actually really into
reading Harry Potter at the time and the
books motivated me and I was like I'm
gonna write my own book so instead of
like just being bummed on life I just
turned it all around and I wrote a story
based on what I just gone through it's
um it's it's own story it's not an exact
account of what happened to me in my
life but it's highly based on it and
after a long time of writing this book I
sent to a couple friends and they loved
it and the word got out and they were
sending it to people unlike within a
month over like 40 to 50 people had read
it in half of my didn't know and these
people tell me like how much my book
impact them all the girls were told me
they were crying like during a lot of
parts of it and I was just like whoa
this is crazy so I was like all right
I'll try to get this published so I
spent a couple years of my life trying
to get it published in it's really hard
to break into the book game especially
when you want try to get an agent it was
just a headache so I put it off in the
back burner and until recent years here
on YouTube I was like all right I'm
gonna do what I have to do to get this
book out there and let people see it
because I really want this book to get
into the world and have an impact on it
the book is for anybody it honestly if
you're a skateboarder or not a
skateboarder a guy or girl like you can
find something in this book it does have
to do with skating but it has a lot to
do with like relationships and friends
and backstabbing and all that stuff and
a big theme in it is like feeling
different than everyone else because
I've always felt different than everyone
like I just have a lot of great friends
and close relationships but it's at the
same time I'm just like man I just don't
feel like I'm like anybody else
sometimes and a lot of aspects so I
promise you no matter who you are you
can find something in this book and most
of people who have read it honestly it's
like 350 pages they read it in like two
days so like I know that people just
like really have trouble putting it down
and it's a really fast read don't let
that number scare you at all I've had
nothing but positive feedback on it and
I really think it can do something in
the world and I feel like a lot of
people will really like this book and I
don't mean to come across cocky in any
way I just really believe in my work
like I am confident about this book I
have had a tremendous amount of support
from you guys from the get go like right
when I announced the video people were
saying I can't wait to get it and read
it and I just want to say thank you to
those people and anyone who gets it like
and buys it and reads it like lets a
friend read it help spread the word in
general like I just want to say that
really means a lot like I know I say
this a lot in my videos like thank you
for all your support but uh this book is
kind of like on a personal level with me
I mean it is based on my life you know I
mean it's not it's it's own story it's a
fiction book but there's a lot of me in
this book so like the support on this
one it like it really does mean the
world from the bottom of my heart and I
know I get all mushy and say all the
stuff in every video but this is a more
personal level and I don't know I just
feel like it's my book you know it's
like it's a little different than just
videos and skateboards so if all goes
well you'll be able to buy my book
yesterday raced on this Friday just like
two days away and if i'm wrong i will
flash an annotation on the screen and
give you the correct date but uh yeah
right when the weekend hits you'll be
able to get my book finally it's been so
long as soon as the book is available
for sale i will post a video on my
channel like a little promo of it
reminding you guys so be like oh yeah
Andy's books up for sale in the meantime
if you haven't added the facebook page
of my book go down there and do it it'll
be right at the top of the info be the
link or at the end of this video and
give the page you like i'll be showing
you guys a sneak peek of the cover i'll
probably do it like a little sneak peek
of the book like we get to read some of
it and over the next few weeks and when
I'm promoting the book and whatnot I
might just give aways on the facebook
page so stay tuned guys so once again
just want to say thank you to anyone
who's supporting this purchase the book
help spread the word about it tells of
friends whatnot I love you you are
awesome you can buy the book this Friday
most likely at an ashrak com or
yesterday you raced calm right now
they're active like when I'm uploading
this video so don't panic if nothing
comes up when you try to go there also
it's going to be available on the kindle
network and work on getting it on the
nook network so if you have readers you
be able to get one and for physical
copies it'll be on amazon as well but if
you get the physical copy on a nice rack
or yesterday race calm that will help
support my family and I a little better
but I'm gonna go guys stay tuned for
more videos for me and I don't know
though the camera in the air sure
nighter
oh and you know what I almost forgot if
you want to see a review of my book
yesterday raced to be a link at the end
of this video because I'm a buddy Sam
Taber he read it and he was nice enough
to do a review about it so check that
out and I'm done and I totally drank
this whole slush puppie without getting
a brain freeze this has that ever
happened anybody I should get a world
record for that
you
