so when I'm filming my videos and I mess
up or stutter or get sidetracked off the
topic I act really weird I spaz out I
say random things not just act strange
in general if this is the first video
you've seen for me well then this is
gonna be an awkward first appearance but
without further ado this is the funniest
bloopers montage ten times - in fact I
have another hand where I could have
held up seven fingers but I'm not five
times to deal with it
shout for them because I'm really
excited to make them and I just said
that twice well why do you need to tell
them twice okay when someone says hey
what's your name do you go hey my name
is Andy hey my name's in you know you
don't okay that's the normal way of
saying why wouldn't it be normal to hear
on YouTube
I'm Way too tough for myself oh no no
I'm not I deserve it
I deserve it I deserve it you deserve it
who's why is there two people right now
my head it's in the new company I was
asking or announced that actually
actually actually actually actually
actually actually will be on her trip to
the zoo in a boat and then she would be
like saran wrap is for me this is a
really interesting day for me more than
more than June the new company will be
in full effect so I'll go back to work
but so I feel right now I'm just kidding
I'm not mad all right man all right man
my homers blue why do you exist it's the
whole process so I figured I would just
make a video and hopefully uh
nope your YouTube player didn't froze I
just I'm just really weird and that's
just that's just what happened I want to
start this off by Shh but the cover is
shot we did the cover and I might look
at a wall and I might fall I did not
fall yeah that was that was complete
logic
Desa tells of am skater and I think
that's it I just did is he how creepy
that was I could do it again I could
just keep doing it I guess you keep
doing it by the wall
I won't that roller is gone I got to go
get that roller now next time I'm blood
where is that roar like it's like oh
it's on the other side of the room cuz
you through it you idiot I born gosh and
I'm gonna go to the skate park and
filled filled I'm gonna filled I'm gonna
go to the skate park just filled it up
and then I'm going to top Gilly with my
friends we're gonna sit there roast pigs
and I don't even know what that man that
was my lighter schedule I've been
working on my book start this off by
thanking unity
yeah yeah yeah yeah thinking in there
yeah whoo that unity this image man
who's ever that tumor there this knuckle
marching notice no hash mark and that's
not that's my language and translated
that means nothing because I just lied
to you
hahaha I'll show you clips like this one
you know things that are just funny to
watch you might be wondering why I smack
myself in the face in so am I didn't
wanting to do this one for a little
while okay I like to gather man boom put
him up wall cuz I'm gonna fight you
that was a really stupid fight to pick a
wall I mean the walls gonna win she's
gonna stand there three months I
couldn't see it more than being uh well
it's Edward I did say three you know
kind of work because you worked it
launched the company which is and
actually you guys have actually actually
you guys I'm actually really that's a
new idiot for you Andy
billing and built did that sound too
close I had to redo that clip again do I
gotta do that clip again when did this
video become a music
oh why do I continue doing this when the
you viewer does not care and now you're
wondering wow if a guy this weird can
start a company so can i you're welcome
do you think before you talk clearly not
clearly not idiot yeah I was actually
gonna renounce good ah am I ever gonna
get past this clip oh my gosh it's like
three seconds into it I screw up and I
go into some ridiculously mental issue
brain talk thing okay I can't make I
can't say what I'm doing I think I'm
gonna do and go so far that I'm just
gonna say words not senses like hungry
and be happy gosh and I just gotta get
the cover work I'm gonna put all the
pieces into the the things that they go
in on through the why don't you just
speak English well so when people hear
that over the ears they're like oh
that's what he's trying to say to me
because when you say things that don't
you don't say
I have issues I really do but the best
people do that's what gets you far as
being crazy
alright guys I have a treat for you and
this is really tough for me because very
rarely do i film a clip that i have
second thoughts about releasing onto the
internet because you know i'm pretty
cool that looked like an idiot like i
deal with the well and i mean this is
what i do so i filmed this clip and i
was like there's no way i'm gonna put
this on the internet this makes me look
like too much of an idiot
well after some time I decided I'm gonna
I'm gonna show you guys this because I
like to give back to you guys and you
guys support me so I might as well show
you my full idiocy so I was filming this
clip for a quick little segue between
clips which you've already seen oh yes
that one but I'm gonna show you the
whole take and Wow it is ridiculous so
you better give me a thumbs up for being
mad enough to show you this clip but uh
thank you guys watch our videos I love
you dudes and I will see you in the
future
watch this and go easy on me
that clip right there if you just saw
the entire clip I trust you guys like
that means I am super confident there
because that's one of the stupidest
things I've done apart of a camera but
it was just to get a quick clip you know
I'm saying
