dude I blinked and I open it it was like
right here are you all right yeah you
can I totally almost died right there I
know it's not like filmed as well as it
could be to show you just how close that
came to destroying my face and the
camera but if you look at the board
before I turn away and when the board
re-enters the camera you can tell that
it's like this close to the camera's
lens and my face was like right there
next to it was ridiculous and that board
was going like full speed as Alex kicked
it away so i probably would have to take
a trip to the hospital like maybe like
bought a new nose I would like picked
one out like this is I'm never gonna
have any money again because I have to
buy a new nose but it was really scary I
like open my eyes the board was right
there and I mean everyone else at the
skatepark got a completely better angle
on because they got to just sit there
like oh look right there and ease but
get hit in the eyeball with a skateboard
me I was just like trying to shelter
myself and fierce when I got home I was
like I should make this his own clip we
were actually filming for we are avenged
34 I don't know if this will actually
make the cut because like I said it's
not filmed as cool as it was but maybe
I'll throw it in there i don't know but
i thought this was worth a share i hope
you enjoyed the footage and I'm actually
saving up for a camera slam video again
you probably thought I was talking about
saving up for money now I'm saving up
clips to make another ultimate camera
slam montage whatever whatever i'm
trying to say so thumbs up if you want
to see that and my camera is actually be
getting hitting a lot lately i would
like to take a moment to say t three
eyes canon t3i 'he's are super durable
my gosh they like can take a beating and
i didn't think they could because
they're just like a DSLR you know but
mine is super indestructible now that I
said that it's probably a break next
week but I've been really lucky so far
but thank you for watching a video I
will see you guys in the future
subscribe or random guitar I'm gonna
play the song at least cheese I'm so
rude
he almost got decapitated by your
skateboard
and if you did you probably never skate
anymore cuz you'd have no hair
oh I'm done I'm done I'm dead on I am
done here's guitar pick never gonna find
that again kidding it's right there I
found it
you
