gen-i oh my gosh oh no no oh my gosh oh
oh my gosh you broke it you broke it hey
no you okay you break it stop the casing
I felt it crack no I'm serious
oh my gosh oh you knocked it off really
hit it right here okay oh my gosh all
right all right
that was a good lightsaber battle jiggle
it now grab the handle and you feel it
it's a little jiggly isn't it yeah yeah
and then that happens you can indicate
your blanket
we're gonna die we keep doing this I'm
tied I am what do you I'm trying to
strategically pull my pants up again
right now and you're willing for me to
film this on YouTube oh she looks better
I'm sure I do
you don't and here's a piece of wood
going out to Carlos Valastro
do you want a piece on Park I'd like to
what I have a lot of work you have to
what that sucks
just talk to your boss you're off today
take the day off once KP Kyle parks no
II Peter Park can't why working you're
off I could just I could I could send
you home you know bosses do that
sometimes good technically did walk out
and get out of here yeah just go home
Brian would love that and if you guys
need anything
my last one Mikey was scraping but I
want to film you guys I don't want to
wait say more time so hi YouTube oh you
do have that you brought it out your
pocket put it on your feet a great
kickflip you should try out for the
Lakers dude there's your skateboard yeah
yeah there is if you want to if you
don't that was that wasn't bad a little
take tacky but yeah I mean your breath
needed it Thomas is gonna end it with a
nollie backside flip first try
haha that was weird
even if it was horrible I was still
trying to first try oh yeah what dude
chef Jeffrey is a reptile that's good a
baby t-rex would fit I don't think they
exist though that's the problem
oh so you want to dig up a t-rex and put
it back together I would love to do that
alright gotta make cleaning fun who do
up failed I failed it from back here
failed again and got yogurt all over the
place I thought this was applesauce my
gosh alright I'm done I'm gonna clean
yeah I got yogurt everywhere yeah we got
that hey blob you want to go and
practice and karate moves not on me
let's go what is this ride in he makes
his own goose most books he writes um
look under our kitchen sink nightmare on
clown Street dude it keeps going oh my
gosh do it let me see it Oh was that two
cakes yeah dude again let me see it this
is your last move okay okay I do it yeah
it's a bedtime you'd do a roundhouse
kick can you jump and spin and kick do
it yeah
that was not bad but when it comes to
physical confrontation punching kicking
all that sudden stuff when do we
actually use it in the real world or now
other than that we always try to avoid
it right I didn't know deponent day
we're gonna end the video I was in
school YouTube what is up guys so there
were the clips that I did not use for my
recent Dana life it went up Saturday it
was a really fun day in life if you guys
want to see it I'll put at the end of
this video I think I say that sometimes
and screw that up but I'm gonna try do
it either way it's in my videos on my
channel but it was a super fun day I
hope you guys enjoyed watching the
randomness that was the clips that did
not make it there is a lot of fun stuff
I always do this for these videos I film
a bunch of stuff and I try to keep my
day and lives between 10 and 13 minutes
so I have like 20 minutes for the
footage that's just it's easy to make a
little spare video like this and that is
really it if you guys want to see more
videos from me there is a subscribe
button right below this video you just
click it and it's free and you're signed
up to see more videos from me and I'll
be back tomorrow to unveil the new
revive skateboards fall line so you get
to see the whole thing we have a lot of
fun stuff coming out this season so stay
tuned and watch it or don't you know
it'll be it'll be in the store
eventually but I'm done you guys have a
great day and I will see you soon
there's a big red pillow next me I was
supposed to be Craig he just never took
it that's the story of that it's a
stuffed animals but is what was right
next to me right now cuz here's his face
really so it was just mooning you the
whole time this video got kind of weird
right yeah it did
