what's up guys I'm gonna make a
confession I cannot feel flip I'm just
kidding I can't he'll flip but look what
happens when the world thinks you cannot
he'll flip like you get random things
thrown at you so if you don't want to be
one of those dudes getting hit in the
head with shoes watch this video and
learn how to heel flip
boom kind of like that okay the heel
flip this is a lot like a kickflip only
use your heel to make the board flip in
the opposite direction this is typically
harder than a kickflip for most people
but once you get it down it's really fun
to do different variations of it and you
can even learn to do it in two board
slides and add a grind and all that fun
stuff and there's also a dog made of
cabbage right here do does not know how
to he'll flip
all right so he'll flip so the only
thing you really need to know how to do
before trying a heel flip isn't a nollie
because heel flips are really like no
other basic flip trick so if you have
solid always down every single time you
are ready to start trying new flips
alright first thing is first is foot
placement your back foot just put in
whatever comfortable area that you are
popping a solid Ollie I usually kind of
do it at the very back if I want to get
a lot more pop up a little bit more cuz
it'll snap the tail faster and give you
some boom with your pop but whenever you
feel comfortable the front foot is where
it's really important but the toe is
what you need to caution on most okay
hang your toe off a lot more than you
would on an ollie alright I used to do
heel flips with like the ball of my foot
and it worked for a little while but
once I really learned how to do them I
realized that using the heel hence why
it's called a heel flip is really what
gets that board spinning fast so uh I
would hang your foot like kind of like
where the ball of your toe is like just
like right beyond it hang that part off
the board and in about the middle of
your board it's going to give you a lot
of leverage when you do it so you're
going to pop your Ollie slide your foot
out and
really hard because these are less
responsible kickflips
so if he looks you cutting out and
giving a boom so really make sure you
cos you're in this place because this is
like what you need to do to do a heel
fold like this is the building blocks of
a heel flip so I'm going to reiterate
have your back foot in a place where you
can comfortably pop a solid ollie and
your front foot is per 90 percent of
treatment or then you hold on a kickflip
hang your toe in vol foot off your board
hop slide jump and kick that you flip
with the heel of your foot and kick it
really hard when you learn these because
it's going to be tough to get that board
responding to your foot a common problem
with these is that it's just simply not
rotating all the way and if you like me
you really have to give it some oomph on
your heel flip like I probably have said
in this video already so that's where
you should start if it's not rotating
like really kick that heel and try over
and over again if it's still not doing
it a trick you could do is pull your
foot back a little further and then
maybe kick it lower on the board that
sometimes helps me but it's going to be
one of those things where you just kind
of have to keep trying and trying until
your foot kinda gets like alright I can
make this board flip another common
problem that people have when learning
these is that when they're trying the
trick the board is kind of turning
instead of staying straight or a lot of
times it's kind of flipping behind you
and the best way to try to fix this is
mess around with your foot placement try
to counteract this the turn what I do
like I mentioned before is I pull my
foot a little inward that gives me a lot
more pop and then it keeps the board
straight now the most common issue with
any flip trick is that the person is not
physically jumping over the skateboard a
lot of people in their training tricks
they go like this okay and this is the
worst thing you could possibly do at
your pad you're trying to jump but you
are not jumping over the skateboard okay
an attempt like this
is way better than if your back foot
just hits the ground and the board flips
all the way I know see the board flip
you're like oh I almost landed it but if
you're not jumping over the board
you're not coming close to anything so
if this is your problem
just try over and over again and try to
get that in your head that you have to
jump over the skateboard okay and if
this is you don't feel bad about this
everybody does this where they're
learning flip tricks okay
George Lucas had the same problem before
he wrote Star Wars then he finally
learned how to jump over the board and
he was like oh I can write Star Wars now
so there you guys go I hope this helped
you learn heelflips just highlight some
of the points you need to focus on hang
those toes off your board and give it a
good solid kick with your heel if it's
turning make sure you mess around the
placement of your back foots but the
most importantly thing is you need to
try and try and try any skateboarding
trick is not easy especially when you're
just starting out so don't get
discouraged keep on going and eventually
you will be able to heel flip I promise
so thank you for watching subscribe to
my channel if you want to see more
how-to videos goofiness randomness
pranks skits skating all that fun stuff
but to send this video off I'm gonna do
some shoe baseball dude he really I
wasn't ready that was way better than if
I would had actually hit the thing so
I'm gonna keep it good bye guys
I'm gonna do some we always absolutely
pathetic thumbs up if you could have
done better so there you guys go I hope
that learn
