oh my gosh first of all I would like to
apologize for the quality of this video
this is the only footage of this I have
and it's just slowed down and gross and
I have no idea what was used to slow
this footage down but I'm pretty sure I
could slow this down better with my
microwave but I had this footage that
I've never released and this is my
friend Sammy Holton who kickflips
Karlsbad I was there that day obviously
I ran around like an idiot with a camera
it's like a kickflip on Carlsbad I feel
like if I have the footage I needed to
put it online so I hope you feel that
like you know what my life is a tad bit
better even though the footage wasn't
that good quality but I didn't see a
kickflip on Carlsbad but I'll go ahead
and tell you the story of this day of
skating it was an awesome day it was the
only day I've ever been in San Diego and
we went out in San Diego and I remember
filler Brian Eames got a trick at us
like some black horse school I have no
idea what it's called but he got a trick
and then went over to Point Loma and
that's where the leap of faith wasn't it
wasn't blocked off at the time so I
actually got to see the leap of faith
like in its full glory and it was
awesome
a lot of you probably don't know but
there's actually a famous rail at Point
Loma high where the leap of faith is so
I skated that rail and I board slid in
front boarded it yeah see there was the
front port and my buddy Sammy who he
looks like a tiny little dude but he was
only like 2 years younger than me he
bored slid that rail and then he was
like still eager to skate but I'd kind
of gotten beat up from skating to
schools before that and I was like I'm
done for the day so we were headed back
up to Riverside which is where we were
staying
and we knew Carlsbad was coming we're
like dude let's go look at the gap and I
mean like the Sun was going down we'd
have a lot of time and I was all right
well you know this is the one chance to
see the famous Carlsbad gap so he
stopped by I knew I wasn't gonna skate
it because I was beat-up and Sammy was
like I'm doing this so he's straight up
eyelet it and kickflip did it like third
or fourth try and that thing's massive
it's like the wall at the end makes it
seem like it's like a 14 stair it's
really huge then the uphill landing is
insane so anything that's that ever was
done on that I give props because it
really did look tough so as most people
know the gap has actually been torn down
and is gone which is a tragedy because
that's like such a landmark in
skateboarding
but I was happy to be able to see in
real life and I even got to witness a
trick so that's awesome so props to
Sammy go down there and give this video
a thumbs up to say you just kickflip
Carlsbad have you been watching my
channel for a while you may have seen
him pop up here and there in my videos
but he was a super talented skateboarder
I mean even beyond big gaps I mean he
could crush on a skateboard natural
talent at his best he actually has a
successful career in the Navy now so
that is awesome wherever you are the
world Sammy I hope all as well but but
that's it guys hope you guys like this
video thank you for watching and I'll be
back with more content as always
subscribe if you want to see more of
this stuff and as I leave I'm gonna go
boom didn't know how to pedal me or did
you pull this joke in the whole world
and it probably looks stupid but um I'll
see you guys the future goodbye
was a punk-rocker if you know that song
you are awesome and I'm gonna I'm gonna
shake your hand one day probably not
para not all you guys but if you see
come with me in public be like do it I
know what song that doesn't tell me I'm
gonna be like I'm shaking your hand
that's what's gonna happen
that is what's gonna happen
you
