warning my face is about to look really
stupid Bartol jump fight or dog is gonna
like ah just suck is it my hair oh this
is an update video that was hands down
like the creepiest thing that's ever
been in one of my videos and if you're
still watching this I applaud you begin
that was just kind of downright
disturbing apparently I'm in a really
goofy weird mood today but this is an
update video where I talk about my life
and such and you either listen or don't
listen or actually there's no other
option or I think that's it so I'm
pretty sure I completely do me to myself
when a couple update videos ago I said
my life was relaxing and I had time to
myself because that just went straight
out the door like it's not just skating
and filming which is taking a lot of my
time it's like there's a lot of stuff
and try to get ready for the wedding and
I'm going to California next week so
like every day I like there's like oh
I've got to engagement photos this
weekend like oh we got to do but there's
a hair appointment so I gotta come home
instead of working and it's just like
it's ridiculous like I wake up every day
and it's like a good a to b to c d to
e27 the why is her number there I don't
know so it's definitely chaotic but I'm
doing what I have to do to keep up I
fortunate get to hang out with the
family a little bit tonight so I'm very
thankful of that but then right after
that I got doodoo shred cast and after
shred cast the baby's asleep so I'm good
to see him anymore and it's like oh but
I you know I'm thankful for the time I
do get some of my family and at least I
could work from home a lot of the time
right and part of my recent chaotic
pneus if that's a word it is a word I
just said it and you know what i meant
so part of my recent chaos was a we are
revenge 34 i have to get it done before
I go to California leaving for
California on next friday which I'll
talk about later so I like literally
have like no time to get this done i
started doing yesterday and we ran out
of time we didn't get a montage filmed
so i had to go out today and it's
raining all over the place like I'm like
I want to pull my hair out and we're
finishing it up this weekend so if 34 is
a little bit funky I apologize but 35
and 36 we're going to happen in
California so those are going to Iraq be
prepared for that actually you will not
be prepared for that is what I'm saying
or maybe will because I just told you
why am I doing this so you probably know
by now but I released the name of my new
company and it is revived skateboards
and I cannot thank you guys enough we
got an overwhelming amount of positive
feedback and reaction to this like
people are really psyched on it and
I'm just I don't know just made me feel
so happy I'm like yes cuz I thought a
lot of you were to be like no you're a
idiot you look like a naked juggler or
something weird like that and I'm really
hyped to get the promo videos going for
a vibe but don't expect to get your mind
blown by them because I'm basically just
making these with older footage but for
revived to kind of like so it keeps the
momentum going up until we actually
release product and product will happen
at the beginning of June and just a
warning we're not gonna have a lot of
product in stock at first because we had
to pay like thousands of dollars just to
get the trademark and I'll work with all
the lawyers or whatnot so we didn't have
as much money to like relaunch the
company as we would have liked so if you
want revive product the beginning like
get it as soon as you can because there
will be like a little funk like we're
going to sell out pretty fast we're only
get like 150 decks in and then we'll
have shirts and stickers and then
they'll probably a little period of time
or like we're out for a couple weeks but
it won't be long and then after that
we'll get on the normal swing of things
where we have stock in at all times just
a warning though it is going to go out
pretty quickly I'm sure because a lot of
people are talking about getting this
stuff so we will do the best we can but
we got to kind of like get the ball
rolling again it sucks but that's just
how it works and what comes to my book
I've been telling you that I've been
waiting on the cover to be done for to
publish it well I've shot photos for the
cover I went out with Brian names their
nights and we shot some really cool
photos or well he did and I kind of just
was there to give my two cents and I'm
not really big on photography as book
covers usually but I completely trust
Brian aims for the camera at all costs
if that's the right thing to say but
yeah seriously I trust Brian Ames he
comes out with awesome stuff and he just
has to put the cover together using
those photos and then send it to me and
then I can kind of get it published so
uh I need to grab my camera and go walk
out the wilderness have a heart-to-heart
with you guys and that'll be up soon but
I'll try to give you a heads up on the
the date but it's coming really soon so
stay tuned and on a side note you should
totally be jealous of me because I'm
going to California as of next week now
as awesome as this is there is a part of
me that's like completely sad that I'm
leaving for California because like I
hate being away from my family I'm gonna
be away for nine days and I've never
been away from my little do that long
it's gonna be really tough but you know
on the bright side I'm gonna get a lot
of work done we're gonna film for some
we are avenges and we're going to film a
full-length video so it's gonna be a lot
of fun if you see me definitely say
what's up I'm going to be in LA on the
the like the 29th 30th and then I'm
gonna go back up to San Francisco until
the second of june so if you see me
around say what's up and if I'm filling
for winter avenge be like hey let me
jump around in the background or do
something crazy because I like filming
with you guys and getting you guys
involved with it too now here's an idea
that I kind of wanted to tell you guys
about lately i've been i've been doing a
lot of skate footage like I have like
one or more skate videos a day recently
and I kind of want to do more footage
that doesn't necessarily to be skating
like I I've always done skate footage
and I'm always going to do skeet but
it's not gonna change you're always
going to see a lot of skating on my
channels don't worry about that but I
want to start doing a lot more that
doesn't have to do with just
skateboarding so like because I know I
have a lot of people that watch my
videos just read talking parts and the
don't specifically like don't end it and
that don't necessarily skate so I kind
of want to do more of those videos and I
had an idea for like a news like a
weekly news bit on my channel it may
actually Manny Santiago gave me this
idea because he had an Instagram picture
talk about how he liked skated for
children at a school and the news
wouldn't you know wouldn't cover it but
they would cover the negative stuff they
always do and I was like yeah that's
totally true and it's kind of annoying
like I want to do a news thing where I
talk about the good and the bad and I
would totally make this news bit goofy
thing just like these update videos like
they would be off the wall and crazy but
at the same time I talk about real
issues so don't worry about it being
boring if I would not make it boring I
promise if you guys like that idea give
this video a thumbs up and I'll try to
get a first episode the works when i get
back from California but it's definitely
something I want to do and I want to do
more skits in general and I got some
ideas for those so be on the lookout and
if you don't see more like goofy stuff
like this make fun of me in the comments
like Andy you totally need to do some
more goopy stuff ok I like the skating
but i want to see act like an idiot too
but I'm gonna go guys i have videos
coming this weekend i have a how to heal
the video and then i have a formerly
known as a revenge randomness I'm think
I'm gonna just go skate randomness I
have the seventh installment of that
series coming this weekend and then I'm
like a cell phone riding laughing video
next week and another blooper montage on
the way so more stuff coming be on the
lookout and if you see me California say
what's up but I really feel good about
the windex throw so I'm going to get
revenge ironically enough on this Windex
no it's not revenge cuz into didn't do
anything to me I'm just gonna throw the
windex again because it needed to be
thrown better so thank you for watching
subscribe or
windex just launched and now it's a
bubble of packet of bubble a packet what
does that mean
here's an idea one day she shoot Shh I'm
gonna pop a blood brain if I a blood
brain okay all right yeah all right the
cover and I might look at a wall and I
might fall I did not fall yeah that was
that was complete logic you know you
might want to make fun of that but that
was sound logic so watch out for them
because I'm really excited to make them
and I just said that twice oh well why
do you need to tell them twice okay when
someone says hey what's your name do you
go hey my name is Andy hey my name is in
you know you don't okay that's the
normal way of saying why wouldn't it be
normal to here on YouTube wait you
toughen myself oh no no I'm not I
deserve it I deserve it I deserve it you
deserve it who's wise are two people
right now my head
you
