that's I've got just be like really
happy what's up guys this is ten tricks
for andrew andy shroff see it's hard to
say no but what's up guys this is ten
tricks for Andy shrub try-try truck sure
hii yet what's up guys this ten tricks
for Andy schrott do you say shocker sure
oh what's up guys this is ten tricks for
Andy schrock good job
it's recording my checkers with lots of
me play checkers youtube what's up guys
ok to water stop it stop stop I gotta go
you you're just like a big hall of
beautiful for me a glass of it
you are in the laundry used tube what's
up guys yeah all right once in a blue
moon somebody makes something for me
that just like absolutely touches my
heart and you know I have already had a
son and I'm getting married this summer
so I couldn't say mushy stuff like that
and I don't really care but yeah this
was made by Daniel schiffer a Kaz and
cutie here on YouTube or zinc wit as i
like to say actually I've never said
that I just kinda come on to say is
right here right now it was weird but
yeah I knew he was making something for
my channel because I told him was like
yeah it definitely makes someone for me
in awe voted for you and he sent me that
and I was like much made this face I was
like wow we put a lot of effort into
that that was so awesome so pleased you
know if that wasn't enough reason here
for me go check out his channel he has
some awesome content he actually has
access to like a factory that he liked
makes a bunch of skate stuff in and i'm
super jealous but he's a great
skateboarding channel and an awesome
dude they made that for me and I'm gonna
like when I write my will he's getting
something totally getting something but
check that channel out to be a box right
somewhere on the screen let's do it
right here boom this box is that
happening the right around here click
that and subscribe to his channel and I
will see you guys in the future stop
hanging out my laundry kid
you
