all right so here's the story years back
I started making YouTube videos
specifically I made a series called we
want revenge
well that series gained some popularity
and my viewers started asking for
product I said why not
I didn't really knew what I was doing
but I started my own skateboard company
logically we named it revenge
skateboards and everything was going
great we were selling boards and clothes
the videos were getting more and more
hits and I absolutely loved what I was
doing everything was growing life was
awesome and then unfortunately things
changed due to some legal issues we were
no longer able to have the name revenge
skateboards so we were forced to shut
down
but if you know me I'm not one to give
up ever
so that was a cheesy way to announce the
new name I completely understand this
but I don't have a lot of time to do
this right now and I could have been way
worse about this I could have been like
yeah revenge is dead but we will revive
see it could have been that bad and you
were welcome
but revive is the new name I know most
you guys are gonna be like what no I
don't like it just give it a chance I
didn't really care for the name at all
but over the last few weeks I'm actually
I've came a long way and I like the name
now like I'm ready to get this going and
I hope you guys will be understanding
with it we were originally going to try
to go for lifeline skateboards which is
ironic because a lot of people suggested
it and we could have technically
trademarked it but our lawyers were
strongly suggesting against it because
some exercise companies could like
potentially kind of screw us over in the
long run so we didn't want to run the
risk and revive was our next option and
that's just the one that made sense for
us and if you're gonna hate on the name
give it like six months before you say I
still don't like it I understand that
revenge will always probably be better
for most you guys because that's what
you started out knowing this ass but
that's this is what it is you know I
miss revenge too but I'm really excited
that we have our name no one's taking it
from us it's trademarked and we are
revived skateboards now as I've
mentioned before the series we want
revenge is going to stay the same that
is always gonna be the name of that
series and it's going to be brought to
you by revived skateboards really other
than the name nothing is changing you
know that the graphics tiles are going
to be the same the style of videos is
going to be about goofy skateboarding
fun like it's going to be the same exact
thing just with revived skateboards and
to get the word out I'm going to be
doing a series of promo videos and I
have a lot of friends that have other
YouTube channels they're going to be
posting some of these too if you feel
the need to help us get the word out you
can download these videos and put them
on your own channel that is completely
fine and to everyone who has already
said hey I can't wait to get the new
product and get in get you guys started
I cannot say thank you enough you guys
have been so understanding and
supportive about all this and like I
mean it just really goes to show you
that I seriously do have the best
subscribers in the entire world I just
want to say thank you guys and the new
product should be at the beginning of
June we'll have weld X we'll have shirts
while stickers will all that and then
once we go into the summer we're going
to have baseball caps glasses a lot of
the stuff that we've been meaning to you
know make before this but this kind of
slowed us down so thank you guys once
again and
expect more promo videos for a vibe and
I can't wait to take over the world I
mean maybe a little maybe a little
ambitious but that's a good attitude
right I'm really gonna give this my all
and I just want to say thank you to
everyone who supported revenge and thank
you to everyone who has just talked
about supporting the new company because
we're gonna get this going
Dex are in and stuffs coming in the
beginning of June so stay tuned
I'm gonna go film we want revenge 34
right now at least the beginning of it
it's really windy so if you watch the
episode we can't land anything it's
because it's like 30 mile an hour winds
right now but I'll see you guys in the
future subscribe or die
you
