oh my gosh this is a video that I do not
want to do let's walk this way Bryan
Ames so here's the story
I lost kind of a bent I guess you could
say here on YouTube I said all righty
this video gets 2,000 likes I'll go try
and do this myself and there's a video
about a kid
slipping in like a sewage pipe Creek
thing really sewage but either way your
mom filling Creek water that's gonna go
reenact we're gonna try to see this like
tunnel without falling it's probably not
gonna happen a probably a fall and I got
a skate after this so I'm gonna be
soaking wet it's gonna suck it should be
good and conveniently we have to walk
through Jurassic Park to get to this
thing I just disappeared in it's a hill
best thing about that is that I was
singing when that happened son of a
there's no sorry yeah I have like a
feeling in my chest as if I'm trying
like a real scary trick but I'm not
scared I just don't want to fall in this
water it's gonna suck it is pretty slimy
- there's like tadpole babies in there
I'm gonna react it just like he did Oh
I wasn't bad let's try another guy want
to get two pumps on this thing here's my
ender for the sewer scene did slickery
so boom you guys thought I was going in
no I succeeded Lee survived I survived
it that's trying to say hey you guys for
watching dude you're totally still going
on
a huge hole right there
hash that we just went through rages
little lost art to get down here when we
couldn't just came to the other side and
walk down like a perfect dirt
