II think of incarnation he say I just
heard easy-bake oven is weird weird what
do you two
hmm this is the face I've been making if
i was mad right now but I'm not because
Sam is very entertaining and I had to
make a full video of this just because
Sam said something goofy every single
time we tried this trick and it was
really hard to do this trick because I
had to walk on that bar and it's not the
easiest thing to do because I'm not like
a ballerina or a gymnast or anything I
was like wobbly and then I had to time
it right and jump and then I had to have
faith that Sam was going to send it at
the same speed at the same spot because
I couldn't see where the board was
coming from so it was really really
really tough to get this trick and of
course we eventually got it was actually
the Ender do we are avenged 33 as you
probably saw but it felt so rewarding
and it was such a funny like experience
trying to get the trick I was like I
have to make this is a video because it
just deserves it but before I leave I
would like to point out that I totally
caught the board you know like at least
I was going to do this with style watch
this yeah I caught that board before hit
the ground and boom stuck it so i was
pretty hyped on that when i salted
slow-mo but thank you for watching guys
I'm going to do something weird than the
outros going to happen
you
get you back next episode no yes my
middle name is Rebecca
