YouTube what is up guys so this is a
video for everyone who's thinking of
starting skateboarding who is nervous
who don't understand it's just a little
prep prep video I'm kind of gonna give
you an overview of the skateboarding
world and what to expect when you
starting to step on a skateboard so I
actually have a video teaching the
basics so if you want to know how to
move and push and all that stuff on a
skateboard I'll link it at the end of
this video but this is almost like more
of a mental thing for you guys to give
you guys some confidence and know that
you can one start skating at any time I
get a lot of people saying I'm 19 I'm 24
I'm this age this is it too late no it
doesn't matter who you are
guy-girl what you look like unless you
have no eyes then it would be very hard
there's the landscape where eyes are you
see them on Facebook it's so it's that
guy crushes all right so no literally
anyone can freakin skateboard so even if
you're starting on that later age like
you can enjoy skateboarding
skateboarding is a magical thing where
you set goals for yourself and you can
be terrible at it and you learn a few
tricks and that's gonna be super fun you
be super talented at and there's an
unlimited amount of things you can do
with it so no matter how talented you
are physically inept yet you think you
are
you can skateboard right now I'm telling
you that all right so you get a
skateboard and you're trying to ride and
that might be the hardest thing in the
world okay it's just sometimes it's hard
sometimes your balance doesn't get it
and it takes a second and that's okay
you're normal don't let that hold you
back okay because everyone has different
levels and if you're having trouble
rolling just keep doing it a little bit
every single day and you're gonna get
better I see you're well but there is a
starting point for everybody okay if
you're great at riding awesome move on
to the next thing
whether that's flipping your board
upside down to land like this watch if
you can roll really well then you got to
start trying tricks try this one just
get out and try things is the best thing
because skating is all about setting
goals and progressing and it's such an
awesome fulfilling thing it's like it's
kind of like building something you know
when you like sit back and build
something I mean your kid you built
Legos or you are a kid or you're an
adult you sit back you're like wow that
was cool that I built that as you see
progression and skateboarding it just
gives you such a satisfaction that no
other activities that I have experienced
like when it comes to like sports and
whatnot it's just not a feeling like
skateboarding is awesome not talking
trash on any other sporting events or
activities or what you do whatever makes
you happy that's awesome
but skateboarding for me is just is what
does it another thing that you really
need to understand is that skateboarding
is tough if you're one of those magical
people that can just jump on learn
tricks like that consider yourself lucky
for most people it takes so long just to
learn how to ollie
if you don't know what ollie is is where
you jump with your skateboard you see it
people do it all the time
that right there sometimes takes people
2 months 3 months sometimes people learn
in a week but just know that you are not
the only one struggling and when you do
it you're gonna feel good so if
someone's getting you down look at your
skateboard and be like dude I'm gonna
come back again and again and I'm gonna
conquer you and then you will especially
if you use that voice ok sound like Liam
Neeson I mean scene was it taken I
wouldn't mess with him
so joking aside skateboarding stuff it's
ok it's tough for everybody in some
level so you know power through don't
get discouraged use your failure as a
tool to motivate you and continue to do
your new stuff progress every day I
should make a clothing line called that
progress every day like that and I said
it a second ago about setting goals and
progressing and that is very important
as you are starting to skate may make it
a goal to try to learn something new
every day whether that is rolling on the
ground boom one or learning the board
flip thing that I showed you early in
the video there are millions of
different combinations of skateboarding
tricks and I know that sounds like a big
number but I'm pretty sure there are
people are making up new stuff everyday
things get really weird there is always
something to learn set it progress and
when you get there set your next school
never accept your skill level because
that's what life and skateboarding is
all about you know that Gatsby he's like
my life is always supposed to go up boom
that's what skateboarding is all about
progressing and bettering yourself so
set goals and crush them a huge thing I
feel like people deal with when they're
starting skateboarding is worrying what
other people will think ok 1
skateboarders all started so if you're
beginning no one's gonna look at you and
be like yeah that guy can't
kickflip a 12 stair that guy sucks no no
and things that you're starting no one
can just kickflip a 12 stair but my
point is is don't worry about what
people think I mean online oh yeah
alright good deal you're champ online
there's people talking trash about
everything in life so just don't listen
to them in general not even about
skateboarding just about everything
because negative people it's not worth
your time but skateboarding as a whole
it's such a family-oriented thing like
you meet a skateboarder and since you
both skate it's like you
already are cool with each other you
already know each other and it's just a
really good vibe I have never been to a
skate park where I haven't like kind of
run into someone cool you know or I'm
there by myself but that doesn't count
because I like to talk to myself and I'm
okay to myself besides the point
skateboarding is an awesome accepting
thing most of the time so just go there
and have fun and do not care what people
think what you care what William Spencer
thinks that guy's so okay that guy is so
mean he's not he's an angel with feet
angels already have feet good not wheels
it's could be called beach ball park
they're terribly wrong it's beach bum
Park we should just get a new sign or
and place it they wouldn't notice like
we can go in a safety what no they
wouldn't we're doing that we're not into
vandalizing but sorry understand we're
doing the difference on earth yeah it's
broken I'd be fixing it and last but not
least on this list of guidelines that
start skateboarding is just have fun
don't take it too seriously like
sometimes when people are arguing about
people or skateboarding or thing and I'm
like dude who's sick we're just
skateboarders like we literally like
we're playing with the toy and it's a
toy that everyone can play with just
just like throwing a baseball with your
dad you know like it's just a great
activity any age can appreciate it have
fun don't take it too seriously but you
know use it to enjoy life and better
yourself that's it I'm gonna actually do
some skateboarding now for you guys but
I hope this helped like I said I do have
a how to like maneuver video which I'll
link at the end of this and I have a how
to ollie video which is a really good
starting point as well but here online
there's a plethora of things that can
help you learn tricks so look those up
Braille skateboarding has a library of
them they have a whole DVD specifically
for that so the world is yours you know
skateboarding can be whatever you want
to be just enjoy it I should be a high
school Gowens guidance counselor campus
I just realized I can't do a three flip
with a board backwards so I'll do the
fakie flip tail with the board backwards
that'll work
we did it
of course the easy trick is the worse
but that's that's life I like the first
trick was at Phil oh here's a foot away
from me I just landed it like really
good there you guys go
sorry I do not have more time to film
for you guys but I had fun I struggled a
little bit but I held on to some tricks
I was happy with so thank you guys for
watching if you want to see more from me
there's subscribe button right below the
video you just click it and you were
signed to see more but yeah that's a
gate boarding it's the best thing ever
you guys will have fun don't care what
other people think have fun make goals
all that cheesy stuff it is serious it's
serious stuff progress everyday progress
every day my clothing line is coming
soon yeah so try try try subscribe weird
I haven't said that one in a while
Oh music
all right here well us we do like it
doesn't matter what trick just do a
trick Oh see that's Willis you know
sometime dudes have another special
handshake with another dude and with
Willis we just don't do anything okay
like we don't have pie and that's our
special handshake imagine how cool we
are with each other at all times
literally at all times in life you can
come over here though he like didn't
care at all I'm going like this pull
this abuse bank
