what's up guys this is a day to life 12
and it's a little early
normally I would be starting this by
hanging out with Rhydon but he's gonna
wait kids so I gotta get going and get
my day started yeah it's kind of a busy
day
but it's a little different than normal
so hope was exciting for your eyeballs
yeah catch our driving scene
all right first thing is first I'm
getting the haircuts and I'm just gonna
trimmed up so you're prime not gonna
notice difference boom haircut done now
on to the next thing
and sadly I probably need to clarify
that yes I was joking when I said you
wouldn't build it as I took it all off
all my hair is gone alright so I'm at
one of my local parks and I'm going to
run two miles right now
and it's gonna suck but you got to do it
you know you got to keep going and I
kind of wonder how the hair is gonna be
because when you get a haircut you know
you shed like a freaking cat that makes
sense that does make sense why would
that not make sense but yeah I'm gonna
run it it's gonna be fun but that's what
I do every morning I gotta start my
morning by running when I can running is
over
Namah near to the office eat some lunch
and get some work done and it is lunch
time I got some salad as the prudence of
water and I'm gonna rock this we're
watching some Always Sunny in
Philadelphia but right now I'm watching
a kiss cam break up on Facebook and it's
pretty stupid it's pretty stupid hello
fruit meet the mouth just fill them up
rocks you know that is making sense
right replacing the eyes with Ross all
right it's work time so this is
typically a lot more because I have
revenge orders but since this is the
awkward time between company names I
just have to film an update video I have
to get a shred cast announcement video
online and then I have to answer some
emails and response to comments so
that's it and after this it's gonna cut
and I'm going to be meeting up with Alex
and Dallas to go skateboard so work time
what the heck - all right put what's up
YouTube I'm sorry that picture is pretty
cheesy but I'm on a time boat right now
is a start-over you idiot guys this is
your weekly shrink cast reminder video
Dowson Alex
you guys ready do some skateboarding
boys right it is a for not always right
dude I just felt a raindrop my gosh
Cincinnati well yeah I know we owe
backup plan
which there's new stuff under the bridge
but I don't want I want to skate
Florence parking - I've been there to be
a successful Oren B artist you're just
like I want to know your name
out in the bedroom when I'm rubbing down
your back
opening my door with my foot guys ready
do some skateboarding
yeah that's like your somebody out you
just did it move on to the next trick I
don't know you're gonna make it
ah ah I saw women do it no that's not
how anyone does Jesus that's your pants
pants
that's your fan
that's right you okay
that's like a reoccurring theme my video
landing tricks lobby like I don't care
I'll take jab so we were done here we're
gonna take off but Logan here needed
some stickers so I'm gonna go see if
I've of wrench stickers Oh
success I literally have one more dude
that's the only one in my car it's kind
of cramped crumpled up but high school
Logan who I just met the state partners
kind of give me a Gatorade Thank You
Logan it was good meeting you Jonathan
I'd give you a shout-out sometimes but
I'm gonna drop these two dudes all right
I'm not doing the dropping at all
because he's driving but we're gonna get
these guys to their car hold on YouTube
don't run away pin and then I'm gonna go
home and have dinner with my family and
like it and enjoy it and be like all
right it's cute are you guys leaving
nope you should really you should leave
I just realized that I have to get out
of the car and get over there so I could
drive this thing all right so I'm home
I'm starving and I miss ridin and my
lady so let's go say hi to him I'm
actually actually meet the new member of
our family bagel bagel bagel
this is bagel he is our new little dude
he has an awesome personality already he
just runs around spazzing out and loving
life Dutch buddy this looks delicious
and just so you guys don't do the
stereotypical yeah that's where she
belongs in the kitchen I cook just as
much as she does so once you just back
off little baby you riding what are you
doing sleeping ridin I missed you today
make me fine before or this that's a
camera can you see yourself Wow you're
look look see now there you are oh yeah
that's a camera look right here
Hey look right here oh yeah I was about
to say debo - yeah it's fun so awesome
you see that that's me yeah
what does no one go in here this looks
delicious babe
you rock bagels ready for some it just
so happens today is Thursday so I have
to do shred cast which is a
skateboarding podcast if you don't
already know so I'm gonna strap this
headset on and start talking to people
and when you first came in it is just a
little a little circle
what SOT I'm trying to say something
here black ninja I'm doing a daily life
right now and you guys are on it did you
say subscribe and die
you kind of look like Beavis Beavis yeah
cuz my hair yeah I just got done skating
Newport all day and then with the beach
Ryan Coon came over for sure I kiss you
say hi just right cast hey ridin where's
your ears there you go
where's your nose where's your nose yeah
can you blow kisses oh there you go
buddy I'm down the Shred cast now it's
time to put the little dude to bed
monster hairy and red where is he hiding
under the bed look touch it I hit take a
night to the world here's your blankie
my friend
good night guy and this video is done
guys thank you for watching I'll be
doing number 13 eventually right not
real soon but it will happen and my face
has been so blotchy since after skating
so if there's any shots for my physics
red and weird I'm sorry but uh I'm gonna
go I'm gonna go work and clean the house
for the rest of the night subscribe or
die
goodbye I try to rhyme when I my dog
come down
you
not doing the dropping since he's
driving but we're gonna go get these
guys to their cars and I'm going home we
stopping pictures when taking pictures
of YouTube are you taking Fisher to my
gosh
