600 videos guys how does a time that is
way more than five videos which I used
to have on this channel and then I
uploaded my 6th and 7th and so on until
boom I'm at 600 but I'm gonna do what I
always do and give you guys a recap of
last 100 videos on my channel I want to
thank you all for watching and give me a
reason to make this many videos because
I love doing it and I want to keep going
so thumbs up from 100 more videos and
sit back and relax and watch them I
literally just hit myself in the head
with a water bottle and yesterday's
video okay I'm recycling jokes you guys
deserve better than this so I'm saying
my gosh my gosh
watch this Sam nope you got a drink dude
oh yeah send it over
yeah yeah you know what you know what I
was doing with myself the other day
jerkin I just found myself on the
sidewalk and I was like where where is
my 3d toothpaste
you got to have it three dimensions of
paste on your tooth
nope he really doesn't answer play it
again shoot my board
how do you had you know wanted to do
that Sam hut hut in the bud why did you
just watch that did it boom see what you
just did to me I was holding on to this
it didn't work it wasn't a smooth fall
Brian I could've got hurt injured owe me
the video better what the heck is
YouTube doing in the microwave Oh
what's up guys so Wow I hit 100,000
subscribers but you're in luck because
I'm not gonna teach you the bad kind of
stealing we're shopping there's like my
hearts broken I can't feed my kids cuz I
ain't got no money course I like it was
nothing
this is called the key to pocket trick
and I have no pants fYI that's why I
look like an idiot so take these keys
put him on this scape we're down here
stop it over the fence Andy that was
good
I get a lot of schmuck I get a lot of
schmatta who here on YouTube holy oh oh
is that was that was stupid yet how
stupid
what happened I'm not doing it
I meant what doing what no he might
finally got mad at his girl rather than
arguing and fighting where they took a
cake brought over here but its face it
sound like a better thing to do in jail
that's all I could figure
oh yeah like they can get you that upset
yeah no kidding
yep done yeah man you might be a release
of manga have you ain't got to do crazy
didn't you do at time from time to time
so sometimes the one will make you stick
your face in a cake in a cake right in
yeah I'll go get in a cold shower
brownout
it up I think so alright you take care
all right
