here is an old skateboard in here is my
fist oh come oh just broke that in half
Wow I'm the Hulk put what's up YouTube
I'm sorry that picture is pretty cheesy
but I'm on a time boat right now and I
got to get this video done so i was like
i need to come up with an intro and that
is what i came up with so that's what i
would like to point out that i'm alone
right now and I totally threw that out
of frame by myself and it looks pretty
legit I'm proud of myself so what does
my life been like lately that's how I
normally start these things out right
well I know last week I was like hey
life is little relaxing because I don't
have to do revenge Wars well uh it's
actually went on pause for a second
because it was finals week for my fiance
Brittany and I basically was just a
stay-at-home dad like 24 7 for three
days straight so I was just like hey I'm
hanging out my little guy and that's it
which is awesome because I never really
get that opportunity just to stand home
because I'm working so much I mean I
always see him every day but it was
kinda nice but the same time is kind of
weird not working for three days
straight but now it's summer and I'm
back to my normal swing of things and
now that Brittany and ride in our house
school / daycare I can totally take a
day off and go do something with the
family it's awesome so summer is a good
time for me and I'm really excited for
the warmer weather to hopefully be here
I mean since then he's been out of whack
this year it's like snowing raining 80
degrees snowing sunshine frickin polar
bear I don't know and since there are
some very large things happening in my
life right now I gotta keep answering
the same questions to you guys because
you guys keep asking them which I'm
completely fine with but when it comes
to the new name of the company I haven't
released it yet but I pretty sure it's
going to happen really soon I just got
to get the a-ok from the lawyers because
they send me these emails which are
insane like a lawyer email is written
all a lawyer like you know it's like law
English 101 500 I don't even know what
I'm saying you know you read it you're
like okay that's a good sentence but
wait I think this is a bad sentence and
then this one right here is like makes
me feel like I'm getting adopted I have
no idea but I'm gonna get the a ok for
my lawyer and when he says yes you can
announce it it's going to happen and I
think that'll happen in the beginning of
next week which is just in a few days so
stay tuned I'll have a video and you'll
be like oh awesome and you'll be excited
now when it comes to my book I'm still
just waiting for the cover work I gotta
get the cover work and probably said
this before but I think it's a really
quick process like
gotta put the pieces into the publishers
templates and then they'll publish it
and sell it so uh like I think it's
gonna be in about two weeks my book will
be available so I need to get on working
on promoting this so they'll probably be
a video talking about it this week so
watch out for that and by this week I
mean next week it's friday i'm an idiot
next week next week next week oh so you
know what guys I do a lot of things you
know I have this company i do youtube
videos i have a book coming out you're
probably thinking like Andy you just do
way too much stuff well on top of that I
have music going on and I have been
trying to get into the studio to finish
up my vocals but like the dude I do
music with he's a busy guy and I'm a
busy guy so it's really hard to like get
things to work but I actually have two
songs based almost done ready to be
released and release in my itunes I feel
like I should just talk to you guys
about this and actually you guys have
heard some of this music because the
riffs too we are event she's in three
and four those are like the music to
these songs and there's actually real
songs that have lyrics and stuff that's
being said and what not now i really
wish i could give you guys a snippet and
listen to it but I just kind of want it
to be like a finished product I want to
film the music video and then put the
song and music video up online so I've
been really trying to make time to do
this and I'm not going to say it's
coming soon but it's it's happening and
I'm working on it so yeah so one day
you're just gonna sound you to be like
Oh Andy has a music video this is kind
of weird regardless i'm really excited
for this and I just kind of want to talk
about in an update video I didn't really
get anything done like you just watch
this and listen and I talked and Archie
lives have not changed at all so I'm
kind of stupid okay water I totally saw
iron man 3 last night I had a date we
went to some restaurant cook naked
chopsticks we're the only people there
and it was kind of weird but the salad
was good on that matter but like I
walked in there was just like nobody
there it was like five thirty six
o'clock at night like a time that normal
people should be eating dinner I feel
like you know it's not that we ever time
no one there but either way the food is
okay and the important part is that I
saw iron man 3 it was so good it smacked
me in the face it smacked me in the nose
smack to be the gonad just left me in
the foot I don't know it just smacked me
I honestly kind of thought it was gonna
be like a darker movie because the the
trailer had a dark night vibe to it
where I was like oh man this is going to
be some serious stuff but now it totally
is an iron man movie and it
very well done an awesome action story
was great it's better than number two
because I feel like number two was like
a little bit below one so I got to let
number three sink in but it's definitely
up here with one it might be the best
one might not but one two three boom
they have some thumbs up from me to them
I actually have this thing when I watch
like hero or action movies they just
like motivate me like ever since I was a
kid I've always been like in my head I
was like man I want to be a superhero
when I grow up so when I watch these
movies i get so psyched on life like i'm
going to go home and i'm going to work
until like four a.m. and then i'm gonna
sleep for two hours because sleeping is
waste of time and then i'm gonna go out
into the world just be a better person
and better my life and it just gets me
really motivated what I'm doing because
i love you guys have watched my a lot of
my videos but i totally want to change
the world and when I say that I just
mean obviously I can't go out and like
beat up bad guys to death all day but I
could try probably wouldn't work out
that well for me but I want to have a
positive impact on what I do you know
like I'm gonna work hard and I'm gonna
do all of my projects is in a positive
manner and hopefully people like watch
my videos or read my book and they get
something from it you know and they're
like oh yeah you know like this can
motivate me or inspire me like that's
why I do what I do because I want to
make the world kind of a brighter place
it I know that's cheesy I'm a pretty
cheesy person if you haven't noticed but
iron man 3 definitely got me pumped up
to do this so I have this idea that I'm
just gonna like watch superhero movies
like every night so i'll wake up the
next day be like i am going to be better
today i'm going to rock i'm going to
rock people's faces in a great way but
that about wraps up this update video
guys i am i know i'm saying kind of like
the same things but what I'm doing these
every week like I'm trying to do I feel
like that's gonna happen once in a while
so uh I'm sorry if that bothers you if
not if you like this give it a thumbs up
and tell me I'm doing a good job because
I I don't want to overdo it you know i'm
saying so give me feedback on this but
videos to come we have my 600th video
tomorrow and then we have a day to life
coming up on Sunday and yeah I'm filming
the daily life right now actually and I
don't have time I need to get off this
updated you guys you're keeping me here
so uh and then we're gonna start working
on the new we are avenged next week and
then i'm off to california in two weeks
to film we revenge's and film more
importantly for the full-length blank
video i can't tell you what the name is
stay tuned guys there's always more
things happening where's that stupid
water by all i'm gonna throw it here it
is subscribe or get
water bottle that was stupid shoe Mario
hot belt that's a and then a bag of
pants it really is a bag of pants too oh
that was my favorite one
but what is my life like lately that's
what I'd start with that was violent did
I deserve that Andy well you messed up
the clip how about that how about you
just conversation yourself to death okay
okay well we just conversation herself
and in seem sane but it'll be in full
effect so I'll go back to work but I
yeah haha just do that largest things
happening in my life here I gotta keep
asking the same I gotta ask you ask I
answer and then we speak in this weird
voice and the communication happens and
there's like okay we experience this
together yeah just into the things that
they go in on through them why don't you
just speak English or so when people
hear that over the ears they're like oh
that's what he's trying to say to me
because when you say things that don't
you don't say say say say sighs it I've
heard these these two songs before
because the the music and actually you
guys have actually and actually you guys
actually really that's a new idiot for
you Andy
