dude he's got it
no I'll dude I just messed up you to the
ala die mess up the high five yeah gosh
it was like has never been done to this
skate park oh my god what's up guys this
is your weekly shred cast reminder video
shred cast is a start over you idiot but
what's up guys this is your weekly shred
cast reminder video Oh strike cast is a
skateboarding podcast that I do with
Basque with black ninja Doug desa tells
i'm holding a pic so it's kind of hard
to count and josh katz we talked about
skateboarding and random things that we
come up with tune in it is five o'clock
pacific standard time every thursday so
what we'd like you to join us and i'm
getting text messages but you will see
us on tread cast if you miss it will be
posting it on youtube channels but if
you get it live you could talk to us and
interact with us so that'll be fun i
will see you guys in the future take it
away Steve
l
