that was switch
there's one thing Alex being as good at
in this world it is yelling at people
when he's angry and driving other he's
got some serious road rage there are two
things Alex is good at in this world it
is yelling people I was driving and
kickflips did you see that kickflip I
played it in slow motion already but I'm
gonna do it again there is absolutely
nothing wrong with this cake flub it is
perfect and if it could be one of those
dudes that are gonna try to find
something like oh wait his leg was
blowing in the wind don't you're gonna
be more you might as well just be
counting grains of sand and you do not
want to be one of those people counting
sand okay just don't be one of those
dudes but this clip is obviously old
I've been making classic clips for
Alex's channels so he can have all of
his skating on his channel too and I
made a video with this in it and I
titled it world's most perfect kickflip
and he was like Andy I'm not gonna post
this on my channel I'm gonna look like a
big egotistical idiot so I was like all
right well I'll post it because this
literally is the world's most perfect
kickflip so hope you guys dug reliving
this moment this is actually from we
want revenge 16 and yeah I thought it
was worth pointing out this kickflip was
was perfect if you're not subscribed to
Alex you need to do so okay he does have
classic clips on there that you've
probably already seen on my channel but
his original content is amazing he just
had a mini bored edit where it like
blows your mind he does the most perfect
three flip down a little drop on a mini
board that's like this big the one he
got in where I mention 32 if you
remember that so check it out just all
you have to do is click right here that
will take you to his channel and you'll
subscribe and you will thank me because
the stuff he comes up with is really
really funny so check it out and I'll be
back tomorrow with some new content I'm
gonna walk away and this is gonna turn
into like his his stupid face or
whatever he calls it
you
