YouTube what's up guys so it's been a
long time since I've given you guys a
chance to win some stuff here on my
channel and I've decided to change that
it is contest time I just so happened to
have a cam caddy that needs a home in
fact I just lied to you I just so happen
to have two cam caddies in eat at home
in fact I have lied to you once again I
have a total of four cam caddies that I
want to give you a chance to win and if
you expect me to be lying to you one
more time you're crazy because I'm done
lying in this video but if you don't
know what a cam caddy is well I'm gonna
tell you right here right now okay this
is the Skorpion model and basically fits
any small camcorder or DSLR and you put
it on top here and you screw it in from
the bottom and boom you have a handle
just like the old V X's did you pointed
in any direction you can just kind of
roll on your skateboard and film and it
makes it way easier the world is just
going to smaller cameras and better
quality and in this day and age this is
your lifesaver so if you're a filmer and
you don't have one of these you need
this and I'm gonna tell you how you have
a chance to win one right now so how
you're gonna win one of these is you're
gonna take some footage you have filmed
and you're gonna make an edit and make
it 60 seconds or less and upload it as a
video response to this video you can be
as fancy and creative as you want with
it use music do whatever you want to do
just make it your best presentation and
I will look at all these in two weeks
and I'll pick my four favorite edits and
I will give them some cam caddies to
sweeten the deal I even throw in some
extinct to revenge stickers I've got a
handful of these left and I will throw
in some of these with each cam caddy
give it away rules and stipulations if
you are younger than 18 make sure your
parents know you're entering this
because if you win you have to give me
your address so I can send this to you
and your parents be like why are you
giving out your address to some dude on
the internet hit like I said before make
sure your entry is 60 seconds or less
I'm a busy guy and I'm gonna get a lot
of entries so I'm not gonna have time to
watch like two hundred five minute long
videos I would take forever you can win
this no matter where you live in the
world is completely international and
the deadlines could be the 22nd of May
when he hits the 23rd at midnight I will
cut off video responses and I will over
the next week or so I'll look at them
all and I will pick my winners and then
I will contact you via YouTube if you're
wondering who won come back to this
video and I'll post the winners in the
info so uh that is how you'll find out
so good luck guys I can't wait to see
what you guys come up with this is a
really awesome product so those of you
who win you don't have one of these are
gonna be really excited about this also
I'd like to thank cam caddy for doing
this with me they're an awesome company
and actually that do they give a lot
they give a lot back to their community
so um go like their Facebook page it'll
be right at the top the info down there
and tell them I sent you
shut up computer you need to make a
noise you made made visual whatever but
seriously like their Facebook page like
I know a guy here in Cincinnati that
want a trip to Woodward through them and
it's like wow it's like they do a lot of
awesome stuff for the skate community so
go like them on their Facebook page and
support them because they're an awesome
company so there you guys go I'm about
done here I have some more giveaways in
the future here on my channel so stay
tuned subscribe if you're not already
I'm gonna be giving away a board and a
pair of trucks here shortly so watch out
for it and I'm gonna leave you guys with
a couple clips that have been a filmed
on the cam caddy for you watch my
channel you've already seen this footage
but for those of you who haven't here's
some footage filmed on the cam caddy
all right and the good thing about that
is that if you don't land it again that
counts we're happy and then the video is
just gonna change someone else that's
how we roll
I'm gonna juggle some wheels before I
leave my job tomorrow all right I put
that dick of your skating that you have
filmed of 60 minutes or less way too
long of a time why did I say minutes I
don't know bottle and it basically fits
any small camcorder or DSLR I'm gonna
start over because that's stuttered for
one fraction of a second but if you
watch it bag is probably like that
wasn't a big deal and you widen you just
keep going
