alright guys I'm putting together a new
complete today and you know what that
means it is setup video time this is my
old complete I'm not gonna be needing it
anymore actually I need the wheels I'll
be right back
first thing is first my skateboard I'm
skating is a revenge 8-inch el Toro deck
and this is sentimental because this is
the last revenge deck I will ever skate
the next deck ice skate will probably be
my new company my new name whatever we
renamed the company and that's it'll be
the same wood so my feet won't know the
difference between will be like it's so
sad this is the last revenge deck this
is just a grip tape and I pre grip this
because I had this in my car ready to
skate when my previous deck was done but
uh I'm sorry if you really want to see
something grip a board go youtube it and
be like oh that's what he looks like
wooden dude groups aboard so I've got
some Orion trucks I've got some
silverado hardware's I'm really excited
because I haven't skated these in a long
time
I used to skate these growing up and
skate shops don't have them anymore but
I was able to track some down and I'm
skating super bones Reds because the
regular Reds just aren't as good anymore
I feel like I mean they're good but like
they just don't last this long so I wit
I upgraded and I got the second level of
Reds so I'm psyched on that and then the
wheels aren't new these are actually the
prototype wheels for the wheels we're
gonna make and I love them so when we
get the new company rollin you will see
wheels and these are really really
really good wheels I'm really happy
about it so I'm gonna put this together
sure first thing I thought was just like
explode everywhere like surprised it
didn't that's how my life usually works
like if something can explode and make
me take ten minutes to find all the
pieces it usually does you almost forgot
shock pads I have had these for about 10
or 12 years of my life
and I feel like not a lot of people not
a lot of people use risers or shock pads
but I just feel like it like adds a
little bit of support to your skateboard
less stress tracks I might be crazy but
if you don't use shock pads it's not a
big deal I just personally like them
yeah you put that together easiest way
to open bearing boxes is just eating it
you get the gold sticker this sticker is
way better than the regular red sticker
you get it's worth the $15 worth paying
double for sure bolt on my truck I'm
gonna put this thing on my truck feel
like I could use more color coordination
my skateboard but this is pretty
colorful - so it ain't happening so here
she is guys I cannot wait to skateboard
on this because I really needed a new
complete I like my trucks about medium
not too loose not too tight and it's
kind of hard to guess at first they feel
about good but I'm gonna go test this
out and see if I can learn a few tricks
before this video is done all right
first thing you do when you set up a new
board is you do the kickflip test and
the kief up test is if you land your
first kickflip first try on it it's
gonna be a good board if not it's bad
luck something Oh take it be sketchy oh
and I wear box relief troopers I've been
wearing these for years and years
not this exact shoe but this model shoe
and I love them great
as I cruise around feels so good to have
a new complete
so there you guys go there was my set up
video you know exactly what I'm riding
now I'm gonna go I'm gonna go trust me
stupid over there with this board for
the outro goodbye guys subscribe or die
Oh Oh is that was that was stupid yet
how stupid
