youtube what is up so a lot of you guys
have been asking me to do a question
answer video well I'm here to deliver i
asked you guys to ask me questions on my
facebook and i want to pick a handful
and answer them so hopefully this
answers a lot of the questions that you
guys are pondering let's do this chase
asks what's your favorite trick
definitely 360 flip or tre flip is what
people call it these days in front
boards I could do those two tricks for
the rest of my life a lot of people have
been asking what the new name for
revenge's and I've been answering it i
actually just answered it in a recent
update video that i cannot tell you guys
until I legally have the name so as soon
as I have that name it will be up in a
video telling you guys it but until then
I don't know hopefully it's within a
week probably not probably within two
weeks I would think but it's coming and
it's not going to be too far away so
just hang in there guys Tyler says has
anyone told you that you look like
jeremy mckinnon the lead singer of data
remember I get that at least five times
a day in comments yes everybody in the
whole world has told me that I'm not mad
if I sound like I'm a damn knowledge I
get it all the time christian says how
did you get your channel so famous can
you give a shout out to my channel first
off I worked very very hard it wasn't
easy I was you know while I was working
three jobs I was getting off work and
going and making youtube videos in any
spare time I had so it took a lot of
work and I do not do shoutouts unless I
truly believe in them because I
literally get probably about 50 requests
a day for people want me to shout out
the channel so I'm sorry I can't do that
Kyle Noel says what was the first flip
chip you learned and I think it was
kickflips but I was way better at
heelflips my first started skating it
took me a good two or three months to
really get into kickflips Ryan asks what
is the absolute craziest thing that has
ever happened to you and that would be
having my little dude riding that's a
game changer and that is the best thing
that has ever happened to me Jordan asks
if you got asked to join plan B over the
revenge crew would you join no
absolutely not I'm doing my own thing
and that's going really well so I don't
need to jump on someone else's project I
want to do my own Corbin asks what made
you want to put a company together and
basically people asking on YouTube for
shirts and skateboards we had we aren't
revenge going and everybody was asking
me for product and I was like all right
let's just start a company because
people want us to Samuel
have you ever thrown a pbj at someone no
but I totally smashed peanut butter all
over my face because I knew it would
gross out Brian aims and he wanted to
throw up he like couldn't look at me
until I wash my face I'm gonna do that
again to him sometime soon I gotta do it
Alex asks what will you do with 1
million subs well that is like kind of
like a goal of mine but if I actually
achieve it I will totally go to a
certain part of the country and ask
everyone to show up and we will have a
big party of 1 million subs the skate
and drink sodas and pizzas and all that
fun stuff so uh I'll do that I didn't
plan that that just kind of happened to
me when i read that question I was like
all right yeah that's a good yeah Riley
says hey Andy added some max in a while
on your vids where is he he literally
was just into we are Avengers ago he was
in episode 31 so go back and watch that
he's still living in Arizona and he
still sends me footage every now and
then so he's still here kind of he'll be
in the full-length for sure way to this
year so watch out for that Ricky says
when's the sewer skating video coming
I've been trying to find a Phil work and
go do this forever but it's always
raining or no one will go with me i
promise i'm trying to do this you will
see me falling into nasty sewer water or
creek water soon enough promise Davis
why do girls on Facebook make that duck
face crap I have no idea but I have a
video on it go watch it Liam asks do you
like scooter or hate scooter um i don't
i don't hate i guessing you're saying
scooters but i do not i don't hate
anyone because they do a specific thing
that's a stupid reason i don't really
hate anybody but that'd be a really
stupid reason aid somebody I don't
really care you know if you want a
scooter that's fine no I'm not like yeah
you scooter dude I'm your friend like
I'm not that either ooh here's a good
one Jacob asks where do you see yourself
in 10 years and I would like to see
myself kind of doing the same thing just
kind of like got a grander scale I'd
like to still be writing i would like to
still be doing videos because no matter
how successful i get in life I will
always do youtube videos like what I
have time and I'd like to you know still
be running the company of course like
hopefully like it's a bigger operation
to the point where I don't have to do a
lot of the hands-on stuff but um just
you know it's successful in all of my
passions and enough to the point where I
can still take time and of course spend
as much time with my family maybe
beach somewhere with a skate park in my
backyard that'd be awesome but of course
if you know anything about like what I
do on YouTube the biggest thing is that
I want to have like a positive effect on
the world so I feel like I'm never gonna
feel that like I want to always be
pushing forward to like have a bigger
impact on the world without sounding too
cheesy so I don't know if / feel like oh
I've done it you know I think it's a
good ongoing thing so I'm always gonna
be pushing myself so I'll probably stay
pretty busy mark says are you friends
with any pro skaters um yeah I mean I'm
acquaintances you know like I I've hung
out with Kari gets a few times Richie
and I've talked to him a few time reggie
jackson since last year I've done some
videos with Corey duffel I don't know
but I but friends like I don't like oh
man I've talked to you forever they're
not really like that Robert asks who my
longest gate but he is and I would have
to say Joe behan and then Brian Ames is
up there too Cody if you're a dragon
what would your name be scar and I don't
know that I didn't put a lot of fun into
that they kind of just popped in my head
I was against probably right scar it's
pretty cheesy actually just runs me a
lion king have you ever kicked an egg
Bobby you have been watching my videos
for a while yes I half and you know that
funny enough here's an awesome question
from Doug desa tells my dude my shred
cast brother he says if you could do it
all over again what would you have done
differently and I have would have worked
harder at the very beginning I would
have tried to do and upload every single
day and that would have been really hard
because I worked a lot of jobs back then
but I totally would have worked harder
so to anyone who is trying to like work
their way up on YouTube work hard do
videos network with people be nice do
all that stuff and you can grow your
channel as well Tama says how did your
relationship with Cory duffle come about
well if I called her a relationship but
I hit up Metro who he rides for I'm
really good friends in the Metro guys
and they're like yeah I will talk to
Cory and he'll probably be down to some
videos with you so I went out there and
I met him and I actually hung out with
him like at two different times and we
did a total of three videos and it was a
super nice guy and then afterwards like
we kind of like followed each other on
social networks and like every once a
while we'll just like comment back and
forth but I don't talk to him a lot I
haven't actually talked to him in a
while so but he's a super nice guy and
when I go
California like oh no maybe I'll see him
again maybe i'll do another video with
them but that's how came together just
by knowing mutual friends nyomi asks why
are you so rad and i would say thank you
nyomi i don't really think I am but if I
am rad it's because I each pole expose
the best thing in the world it makes you
better Congress is how often you Jack
hunter says how often do you get
recognized in public by people you don't
know if I have a skateboard and I'm I
got a skate park or something it happens
all the time like weekly but if I'm just
like in a random place without my
skateboard it definitely happens not as
often prob about once or twice a month
depends on how often I go out really
glad says when are you going to come out
with we want revenge montage I literally
just did a we aren't revenge last
weekend just days ago so it'll be if
probably three more weeks before anyone
comes out Joey asks out of these two
which is better burritos or pizza that
is like really tough because they're
both awesome but I'm have to go through
burritos because Mexican food punches me
in the face and I love it Joey says Coke
or Pepsi coke no question sorry but it's
true Kylie asks when eating soup do you
slip or chew I feel like I feel like
there's people are options here I don't
I mean I guess I have slugged it and
shoot it but I kind of like just put in
my mouth and drink it for the most part
but it's chunky there is some sure we
involved I mean I don't know much to do
a video on Lewis says will there be
another TR show yes I was just think
about that their day so I promise you I
have another one of my hand she alright
last question aaron says when is your
book coming out and is coming out soon i
just need to get the cover work done and
then i go through the process and it
should be out in a couple weeks
hopefully so uh watch out for a video
it's coming I promise soon but that's it
thank you guys for asking the questions
if you want to get involved with next
one of these i think i'm going to do
these like once a month from now on I'll
be asking for questions on my facebook
so if you're not following my facebook
go check it out and like it they'll be
only greater the top of the info and
I'll flash it on the screen here i think
i order you want to come and be in this
video yeah apparently you do but but i'm
going to go guys thank you for watching
I will see you in the future subscribe
or cat in front of the lens really
you
