turtles will never recruit you never
mind guess they would warehouse
Wednesday man I broke that that felt
good come on Casey it's your turn get
out there that was amazing I was all
right Casey Becker you're going I like
your shirt it's so thin okay warm up you
have to do ten three flips anywhere no
wherever we tell you to ten three flips
and wherever we tell us before then
you're gonna do a mystery challenge and
then we're gonna do a lot you're into a
line a line that we've created for you
yes so the challenge is a line you got
to do consecutive tricks in one go I'm
very bad Oh Tim it's ten minutes ten
minutes if you do this rough by the way
because the lines take time if you do
the line then you get a new pair of
shoes put his foot on your feet
yeah what happens if he doesn't land it
Brian then we're gonna take his shoes
okay then you have no shoes drive home
in your socks I've done that before
oh no I've rolled my ankle and took my
shoe off you're not supposed to do that
make sense good
okay all right it's cold we're going
back in this case agree to these terms
no but he does like the camera yes he
does hey go pick that up right look
Casey's doing it before you go do it
oh we got a wild Sam Taber here what is
happen he's gonna do ten three flips
right now do one right okay right dude
Yeah right now move right now I'm gonna
do it don't hit me that was pretty good
where lies okay have you ever seen
shooter McGavin
ooh do it Oh Brian that was the weirdest
they're gonna see to my life here for
the second I got an idea
now do it in their eyes all right do it
in there what get do it in there you
agree do it in there we'll just hold the
ladder up and he's got to do it back
there okay oh my god this is scary for
me I'm getting out of here we should
make him go to the horror room bathroom
let's go come on why are you carrying a
bat you're doing it you do it in the
desk be great there someone going to the
bathroom do what did you see this poster
no oh wow that's my poster that stones
my price well I was gonna make you do it
over there you please try it over there
if not you doing the girls bad that's
not right just try try ready
oh that's jarett yeah don't
oh okay next month right oh my god okay
in that room this is with no lights on
close the door I'm going to get dark in
here oh that's terrible
throw down doing to the hallway
oh yeah I don't know the sprinkler room
no yeah you bring things no let's go to
Bryon's office Oh God alright on the
carpet don't hit don't hit the child
riding through this today fYI he is here
okay
no your couches I did a whole game of
skating here once yeah the car was going
it was fine why are you screaming no
that was good
that was your best one hey let's cut
them off tens a lot that's fine I'm fine
we're gonna miss your shyness you're
warmed up yeah hey ridin we need you for
the mr. Jung that's dog man oh nice dude
well are you warm I'm very warm now you
get to have a mystery challenge which is
which is you get ride we're gonna put
something on your head and ride and get
to shoot off with a nerf blaster great
case you want to go sit on the ledger
they're gonna put this on Casey's head
right
whoa I'm gonna make him feet on the
concrete then I was like KC's gonna get
hit in the face I know you hit back the
other way okay now do you actually want
a skateboard yeah why was that challenge
for me I just have to sit here what you
could get shot in the face all right so
before this video I said KC what what
things do you like to skate and you said
manual pad hip ledge yes you're just get
all three of those you're gonna do a
nose manual trick on this you need to do
a trick on the hip a backside flip and
then a Krugerrand shove it out okay so
those mini this way and then backside
flip and then you can move this around
if you need to okay but yeah after the
backside flip you can turn around and
just do that okay okay this is gonna be
hard
yes ten minutes lines are always hard
even if they sound simple they're hard
babe come on get your hot pocket out you
ready sir wherever you're ready yeah
he's good when you start he's gonna go
what's your favorite number seven - 18
he's 10 minutes and 18 seconds that's
dumb
Wow I'm too late Oh does he get a pause
for shoe lacing yeah you've got it dude
grocery store yes oh yes oh yes
yes Casey he's gonna go this way
yeah that's smart Casey he's switching
in a kickflip nose seven minutes left
seven half minutes look at the way done
he's going back now he's going tre flip
nose man enough okay Jason the house
that was so clean the final moment
oh all right
pausing it to reflect he's got six and
half minutes left he that was good oh he
got blasted one's a blast beep hey Brian
should we're done
yeah Brian no you he said you probably
should wear though I got the wristband
right here oh you already got the
hiddens respect yes sir they go it's
amazing that was toasty
thank you
freakin backs on each we did do it
does anyone eat cereal with mustard
instead of milk Kurt yes
I paused it is two minutes and 38
seconds currently looking to pause
minute 30
a minute flat no okay good
ah she is good at those he lands this on
the last try it'll be the most
monumental last trial and it'll be the
most where else Wednesday thing I've
ever seen I know it always happens like
that one chick down
it's okay well you and I lose all time
actually you one lesson I did minor
mothers I use
okay I'm sorry okay well this is over
there Thank You Casey I always mess this
up so I like to think that we're friends
now okay before no you did good and that
honestly lines are the hardest challenge
ever
if you want to see him land some
fantastic tricks however on his channel
the link is floating above our heads and
it's right down in the info I heard you
two check him out we will have him back
for some revenge on Bryan and I very
soon same where you get to play the
where else Wednesday for us perfect say
I'll never be able to deadline I'd like
to try though I would love to see Bryan
Troy you got it
either way I thank guys for watching I
do videos here all the time so hit the
subscribe button right below the video
if you want to see more from me and then
death let's check out Casey's channel
and then that's it have a good day go
skateboard coming up a little 25-minute
video in the air crooks just all Chris
Rock Rocklin 25 minutes be practicing
now kid not watching shout-out to hate
good back
oh you got a water cup there Casey yeah
nice and things what
give me my food is it chapstick how did
that you just substituting you suddenly
have chapstick my lips are so dry
do they hurt Roomba a wild a wild
chapped up here that's weird that's
weird
