you too but what is up guys it is a day
in the life 58 I think whatever hurts on
the screen right now that's what it is
and this is a fun day but it's also a
sad day or what's your day like the day
right and what are you doing your first
day of elementary this is weird for a
parent this is where he's going to
school now which is awesome but at the
same time you know I love you buddy
it's weird because I can't just hang out
with him whenever I want to I can't just
take up work and hang out with him and
that's strange he's getting bigger
you're gonna do awesome buddy
that's excited but it's also a little
sad at the same time I understand
everybody don't even know my plan oh
you'll make a bunch of friends buddy
what was that
are you doing a photo shoot toast for
you helping you look at a shark buddy
I'm so proud of you I love you so much
you're gonna do great okay I'm gonna
pick you up from the bus stop and you
tell me all about it okay I love you
have a good day at work you have a good
day at doggy daycare does your puppy in
you can stay home I'm on my way to work
it's a unique day at work because we are
making tie-dye long-sleeve T's by hand
for our upcoming fall release which is
happening really soon but that's what
we're doing today it's gonna be exciting
I'm gonna go get breakfast and call me
first there's the Sun if you didn't know
where it was in my face can I do an egg
and cheese protein box a grande cold
brew black
krei
Andy Craig hey can't believe you made it
me I knew you were gonna make it when
you told me you were coming I was like
you have to drive how did you ever get
up so early
oh I got it for like the 7:30 how's your
body so can't skate this guy can't skate
and when he does he's really good at it
that sucks
you're just coffee can't have a spin all
right this is what we're going for
yes I think so and our dude Brandon from
we have become Vikings who's been doing
our clothes I do wherever is helping
something yeah
stoked on it so she be good let's make
some custom tie-dye yeah and I've never
done this so he's gonna intellection me
so if you are very lost and that you've
never seen my videos before from YouTube
I started a skateboard company it was
originally revenge and it's now revived
skateboards and is weird that I'm doing
this with my life because I never
thought that was possible but we're
gonna do these for the fall release that
comes out in one week I'm filming this
beforehand I'll even give you a sneak
peek hello jack this is the Chunk logo
with a woodgrain background that's the
only freebie I'm giving you guys the
full product release will be this week
on Wednesday so tune in for that but
let's make some tie-dye shirts people oh
it's looking like it's gonna happen yeah
it's dipped in this wash wring it out
and then it gets folded yeah but it's
too wound up first yes
the Alvin wound up whatever physically
tie-dyed and then he gets bag that goes
there's 1 gallon bags let's marinate
yeah it's gonna sit there and marinate
put on this card here we have like
stations of people moving through doing
everything hey before we start working
does anyone think it hippie jump a chair
okay but I was like trying so hard
nothing to get it straight under it
trace them a little bit kind of get some
dye in there and the lighter stuff in
these grooves here and that's how it's
done
mm-hmm hey do you want to eat at
Carolina Reaper while doing this right
now
no what please come on for YouTube dude
I'm good on that oh my gosh it goes out
have you retired ID before no not even
when I was loaded you will split the
profits I really hope I'm not screwing
this up but you guys get handmade shirts
so when you get this there's only like
100 of them so you're one of the people
they get one of these they're handmade
but in my bestest face my face what's
the name Eric's face Brian okay so I'm
done with tying they're finishing up
right now but I have to get on some work
I got to go through so many emails I got
to do a bunch of things for the
companies for myself I'm gonna eat the
lunch first I got some hummus I'm gonna
watch a last man on earth then I'm gonna
start tackling the stuff and I really
hope I have time to clean my office it's
a mess before I go skateboard because I
have skateboarding day it is beautiful
outside I'm working I'm sending out
checks candle emails and I am not gonna
have time to clean my office I never do
I never ever have time but I'm gonna get
this done as soon as possible and I'm
gonna go skateboard at Ludlow skate park
and I've not been there in a while so
I'm happy
actually last time I did this it
probably was a day in life I don't know
let's just go I need to apply just so
much impromptu graphic meeting right now
and you're also an ATV the wife
currently a JP okay so point this at
this right here what I got going till
the life life line like a long gated
life line like an actual on the monitor
do you like that maybe move it to the
top left
goodbye messy office I will clean you
tomorrow I hope you think I will you
didn't clean tomorrow no chance thank
you for all that you do here thanks for
all the work you do if you guys need any
skateboard needs we have on
shop the Shred quarters calm we have our
brands to revive skateboard some force
wheels all that stuff on there or your
logo shop you can always ask them to
carry it so support your scene but if
you don't have one we have this skate
shop for you if you even rain on me sky
Oh
Thomas this here it is always windier
and just crappier weather here I love
the sunshine so I'm not complaining ball
you got that new three lakh board oh and
then I do one trick and the Sun Goes
Away shot my finger that's stuck so I
don't have a filmer today Craig's nice
on the film but he's here to skate so
I'm gonna try to lay like one trick and
I'm gonna feel my friends that's what
happens sometimes doesn't like the
longest fish notes I've ever I've done
it before
Thomas nollie big late flip first try
oh my gosh just like that
I like barely landed a switch note slide
today and you do that first try hey you
told me to do it first Ross so I did it
I should tell myself to do think it was
Reverdy but it was good Victor's good he
at the same time I reverted over 90
degrees yeah it's like 100 degrees
that's your bearings yep dude it
literally sounds like you you're on you
have an engine oh you did it first dry
and I was like oh I was like the dad
with the camera at his soccer game for
the first time dude that was so good and
I'm going goodbye thanks for thanks for
killing it he actually off-camera
he landed like 20 strikes he's doing so
good today thank you for helping Phillip
congratulations on life
all right I cleaned up and got this guy
from the bus stop
how was your first day what was your
favorite thing you did in school
cool you know what going home from
school like will definitely be your
favorite thing about your school date
when you're in high school yeah well you
just you just entered a new world right
and your life is change do you know that
it has and dad's very proud of you I
love you so we have a list of things to
do tonight
because we're just busy dudes so first
thing on this is Toys R Us we're gonna
look at some stuff mainly new turbo toy
type stuff we do have a toy channel
where we feature toys review them and
then donate them to families that can
use them and then we got to pick up
toast our dog do you want your dog back
he is a doggy daycare right now we're
gonna pick him up that dinner because
you got to put food in your face right
here and I've got to clean the house
because this place is a mess and you can
help me with that and then we got a
practice karate moves and then bedtime
this is not good mm-hmm Toys R Us first
high five dude slow dude you got it man
you gotta go over those high five oh
don't hit me come on yeah we're we're
going Target Twitter us we are here
ridin how to make him do
what you didn't last long but you're
gonna be a ninja there you go you read
all right ready to go get toast
you want it to your extra pet right
toasters back home toast all right right
in are you just gonna play up there okay
I'm gonna clean the house a little bit
and then mom wants to meet up for dinner
we're gonna have hi bocce and that's
what we're doing it but after that the
karate moves we're gonna practice I
don't know why we're practicing karate
that's what we're doing today and toast
is just gonna sleep because that's what
he likes to do in order is just gonna
not say anything because she does know
how to speak English do dish come to
think of it those are all plastic so I
don't think they were technically dishes
I don't care though but I filmed this
clip so maybe I do care I don't know
hello glass you make it funny
Hey carefully take these up to your room
okay all right for it No are you trying
it out of this take these up get up get
off the ground carefully hey buddy we
got to leave you got to go in your crate
okay go in there buddy but that's why
he's in daycare during the day because
we don't want to lock him in a crate for
all day he's a puppy and that would not
be that cool but he's good for 40
minutes so let's go get some high
bachchi
Ryden reading tacos what we're not what
right where we eating yeah how about you
master do not eat that what is here in
the cutest thing ever
the dog or the boy what look on the blob
who eat everything there there he is it
probably cute moving around oh my gosh
you mate you to you what's the first
move you undo all right never gonna do
it what that was got it kick he just
failed are here do it and jump and kick
the air and then land like sideways on
that okay so like make sure you get your
leg like up here okay do it that was a
ninja kick do ya do it
oh okay key now it's pretty key
alright now do a super punch in midair
and then you go to the pillow oh okay
yeah oh you're the bad guys yeah super
punch down can you come here out here
right it's really really good okay get
the tops okay we're calling it quits for
this video I hope you guys liked hanging
out with me for the day
this guy is it's bedtime for this guy
I'm gonna read him goosebumps for
reading a goosebumps chapter by chapter
and now we gotta go get it but thank you
for watching if you want to see more
videos from me just hit the subscribe
button right to below the video you're
sad to see more videos it's free and do
them all the time and this guy's in a
bunch so I hope you guys have a great
day go out and skate board if you
skateboard
and you can if not do something fun
that's the wrong channel Wow
I love you thank you you guys have a
good night
it's a stuffed alligator can't eat
YouTube ready
wait what what what mean get cloudy move
I heard yeah those great I love you that
was a bonus clip bro
don't throw that at YouTube don't throw
this
