so I just got home from Philadelphia
doing we on time is 32 I'm ridiculously
tired I'm going straight to bed Eddie
and you wake up my what are you guys
doing here especially you we're so long
for war - 33 no we're not
where are we this is an intro they'll
try to make sense of it we're at Philly
and II don't do this thing right now
promise
we are here at FDR and it's wet
everywhere every we're going to try to
skate and the people who say it's always
sunny in Philippi are lying to you how
are you doing skating this place is like
puddle city dude I'm not not that I
could really do anything here anyway I'm
gonna go warm up over there level city
bubble city this is on this one I'm used
to random boxes and rails on the ground
that's what Cincinnati uns do
the Dagobah system right here like
yoader's about to come out and be like
letting this trick better but I'm not
I'm taking it I'm done
you're bleeding you are bleeding
yes where are we Justin Billy and we're
gonna eat Jax no Pat's you eat Pat's
when you come to Philly look at this so
when I was ordering my cheesesteak my
money like blew away into the restaurant
and like fell into the cheese did you
see that how the heck it hurt I feel
like I just felt way harder than I did
skating this is my country in this map
Thomas everybody's country's on this map
yeah then they sue ezza
I was gigantic dude we are the Drexel
rail for a Street mission and it's like
misting in here but uh we're gonna try
to get some tricks on this for a video
part we'll throw some tricks for you and
then we're done
I just gotta take it for $36 my car's
right there
kicked out before I can get anything
done for my part but uh that's life man
I gotta get out of the city I'm just
kidding I love the city but I've been
here for long
hey dude Andy where are you no dude or
in Philadelphia I got kicked out of the
spot and then Thomas is Venezuelan
whatever you're trying to communicate I
don't care just come up to the park dude
we're waiting for you we want revenge 33
bro what 33 dude all right I'll be there
yeah all right peace
he's made us wait long enough he's
having some weird dream dude what don't
even get him and give me crap right
we're at B she'll bark and we were
warming up we better leave here fast
because I want to get stuck here on it
that wasn't that was I did my talking
part and you landed your trick anything
goes when you're warming up I don't know
let's watch it quite possibly my
favorite one you've ever done ever yeah
because don't say the trick because
don't say that rate because you do like
it that's exactly why I didn't say the
trick to I should be ashamed of myself
Street skating we're going Street
skating for a nose if we don't leave now
we will never leave I don't need to get
work you're off right we are at NKU and
we're going to do some Street
skateboarding you got down I'm down I
don't know what that oh dude your face
man
thank you
Blizz
with me
and we between
what you got what you got just want to
drop illness hey leave all you'll die
yeah it's not that bad will fall get you
back next episode no yes
my middle name is Rebecca
yes stranges that was I was actually
pretty cool I god be psyched to see that
in a skate video so yeah that's pretty
good
my man will you do that for my channel
what do you think this is community
service just here hand out everyone gets
a youtube video yeah what do you an
idiot or something no seriously I'll do
it for you
cool this is really
you
