youtube what is up guys so i just came
up with a new sport and it's called
nunchuck golf it's probably about the
manliest sport you could ever play so
you take your big bouncy ball and you
put it on your tea and then you just
smash it with the nunchucks and this is
like a win-win situation because there's
no real way to screw this up desk is
intact mission accomplished put what's
up guys this is an update video where I
talk about my life and such and for once
on my channel this video is not starting
out the same way the other update videos
have started I'm just so busy life is so
hard a lot of time for anything yeah I
usually say that but it's not for once
in my life since I don't have revenge
orders going like literally the only
thing I do I wake up and I'm like wow
all i gotta do today is make videos i
mean i have a family so of course i'm
busy to some extent but it's kind of
nice because i usually have to wake up
be like I got to the revenge orders and
then try to film as much as I can or
edit and it was just kind of hard and
now my life is just slightly relaxing
it's awesome so with my lighter schedule
I've been getting my book ready for
publication which hopefully will be out
in a couple weeks I'll have a video
before then giving you a heads up but
it's not as long another process as I
thought it would be i got the manuscript
back from the editor so that's ready to
go now I just got to get the cover work
done and get that all good before I send
it off to the people and they're like
all right it will sell your book but
stay tuned because I will surely have a
video talking about it and I'm gonna do
some promo videos to try to hype it up
hahaha and of course I've been working
on relaunching the new company I was
actually going to announce the new name
later today but apparently we have to
like let the trademark fully go through
so we have it that way if we announced
it and then Rick stick Jim over there
would be like oh my gosh i could totally
trademark this faster and get it and
then i'll have it and they won't be able
to have it which is completely unlikely
and will be a complete waste of Rick's
take Jim's money but that potentially
could happen I guess they could try to
sell too so we'd be like no just pick a
different name good job wasting your
money either way we have a name and as
soon as I'm able to announce it I'll
have a video up and everyone's going to
be like what why is it that name and
then some people can be like yes I like
that name either way we have a name and
I'm really excited and I'm I'm okay with
the name it's gonna be hard to accept
any name because I'm really stuck on
revenge like I like that name but don't
worry on it it's actually a pretty cool
name and I think most people are gonna
be like all right you know yeah I can
get used to this it's just going to take
us some time because I know we all miss
revenge when it comes to product we're
going to be ordering a very
soon so hopefully it'll be in by the end
of May if not the beginning of June we
will be in full effect selling stuff and
it might be a frenzy at first so if we
sell out immediately I apologize but we
will get stuff back in as soon as
possible will be like really on top of
ordering stuff like right away my desk
is gross I totally need to clean my desk
I'm cleaning my desk screw you dirt one
thing I want to talk about in this video
is that this is a terrific time to have
eyeballs ears too i guess but more
importantly eyeballs if you're a
skateboarder the Deathwish video came
out and that is the best skate video
I've seen in years and years and years
it honestly to me it feels like one of
the old videos from when I was growing
up like jump off a building misled youth
nervous breakdown like raw Street
skateboarding and oh my gosh it was
fantastic easily Jim Greco and arrogance
best parts like I watched it and I got
smashed in the face and I was like mom I
could just smash me again because that
was I would I would love that to happen
because I was amazing and even if you're
on a skateboarder this is like the best
month ever for nerd movies we have iron
man 3 that comes out today and then
later in the month is star trek into
darkness which I'm actually more excited
than for that an iron man and I'm really
excited for iron man like I love them
both i'm just like a star trek due to
art because i grew up watching Star Trek
and all you people are like Andy's that
nerdy yes I've always been that nerdy
watch my videos guys Star Trek Star Wars
lord the rings that's me Harry Potter
boom I'll take some but if you haven't
seen the trailers for these movies
please go watch them you're gonna watch
something like all right well that's
what i'm watching this month because
these look amazing I'm actually kind of
bummed because normally I'd see both of
these movies opening night but we had a
family got to work around their
schedules and I can't go on a date night
with a fiance until wednesday but that
just means the anticipation will build
up then when I finally go on that date
i'll have like the best food ever and
then i'm gonna go watch iron man 3 i'm
just gonna I'm gonna be at the end of it
i'm just gonna be so amazed and just
gonna like lean back in my seat like
this i made no sense at all but honestly
if you have time this month watch these
movies you will thank me but i want to
pause for a second to give you guys a
heads up on a pretty cool web-site sides
called Opinion Outpost and it's a site
where you can get paid a reward just for
voicing your opinion years ago i was
trying to find one of these survey sites
to get you know make some extra cash on
the side and i was having trouble i had
some success here and there and i really
wish I'd going to find a site like this
how you do this as you go to their site
and you
sign up for free and then you answer
some surveys honestly and you can earn
cash or gift cards some pretty awesome
companies how this works is there's a
lot of big companies out there that need
feedback or research or opinions so they
go to Opinion Outpost they're like man i
need this and opinion outpost is like
dude I totally got all these people
that'll fill out these surveys so that's
where you come in you fill these surveys
and you can earn stuff like I just said
it's not a get-rich-quick scheme or a
scam it's just real research from big
companies so this is something you're
into go down there the links to the top
of the info and check it out and they
also do like a ten-thousand-dollar
giveaway like every three months and if
any of you guys win that you're totally
sending me a thank you card or take me
out to dinner or something because I
gave you the heads up you know but if
that's something you're into check it
out at the top of the info but I'm gonna
start wrapping up this update video as
far as videos to come I have we are
avenged 33 dropping tomorrow and i
believe i have another ride and laughing
video coming out next week but i don't
know i'm trying to gather my head to get
some bigger projects in the works um I
want to do another prank video because
of just two cakes face three and I got
some new pranks I want to test out also
I have some contest coming up because I
asked some stuff I need to give away and
I'm gonna give it away to you guys so
watch out for that and also i said
earlier in the week that i wanted to
start doing like weekly update videos
like this and maybe do some weekly
giveaways and feature some of you guys
so if you guys like that idea give this
video a thumbs up and I'm feedback me in
the comments let me know what you think
but I'm going to go and there are some
bloopers after this and they're really
weird because I had interesting time
making this video today but uh I'm gonna
go because if I don't I'll just keep
rambling random stuff because i'm not
thinking before i'm talking subscribe or
die and i have a very large purple
balloon that you didn't see coming
we're gonna relaunch the company I was
actually gonna renounce the mud am I
ever gonna get past this clip my gosh
it's like three seconds into it I screw
up and I go into some ridiculously
mental issue brain talk thing Kevin I
can make I can't say what I'm doing I
think I i I'm gonna degress and speaking
English so far that I'm just gonna say
words not senses like hungry ND happy
gosh you know I usually start by making
a face this face and for only 999 you
can also Bob this face and then for two
more dollars you can turn into James
floor just talked about so is my lighter
schedule I've been working on my book of
course I'm working on relaunching the
company what what is what is with these
like I'd like on autopilot and of course
I am working on relaunch of the company
and would I do that it'll be like I
should be a dancer or backup person for
Lady gaga of course I've been working on
relaunching the new company i was askin
announced that actually actually
actually actually actually actually
actually with be on her trip to the zoo
in her boat and then she would be like
sir rod wrappers for me this is a really
interesting day for me of course i'm
working on relaunching the company which
is cut i see i have issues i really do
but the best people do that's what gets
you far as being crazy
you
