hey what are you gonna do BTW i switch
front of a flip how are you gonna do it
switch that's a good answer i was like i
don't know how he's going to answer that
solid can't be that geez second try help
me see how escape work you should know
better than this honey you're gonna do
that i'll get it you stayed there I'll
get it congratulations that was a good
trick see we can get another one for
sure gosh you're literally just a two in
a row that's good I'm not gonna throw
your board now I was that's how much I
like that trick what's up guys hope you
guys enjoyed that flat ground craziness
by beanie um this is actually a shred
cast announcement video we do a
skateboarding podcast every week myself
black ninja mask with Doug just tells
and josh katz it's five o'clock pacific
standard time every thursday including
tonight so join in if you watch it live
you can ask us questions and talk to us
if you miss it it'll be on our youtube
channels on one of our channels posted
so uh tune in hope you guys dig it i'm
gonna go let me go do something so q
black ninjas welcome to shrink ass
the show and Josh can't fast
