glass are you kidding me
yeah why wouldn't why wouldn't you two
be in the dishwasher okay who does that
surprise here but what's up guys funny
story actually open the fact that you
just saw mine shattering Street
skateboarding huh but I used to watch
this guy's footage back in the day when
I before I did anything on YouTube
really and when I started this channel I
forgot to subscribe to him and all the
sudden you hit me up recently with
footage and I was like heck yes I will
put this footage on my channel for you
because I'm like a fan of you so yeah
this is Picasso here on YouTube I will
put his channel at the end of this video
and down below and go check it out if
what you just saw wasn't enough reason
I'm telling you okay go look at what he
does on skateboard and your eyeballs
will like it he is so talented and more
people need to know who he is so I like
this video share it do whatever but
spread the word because I am a fan of
this guy and he is so talented on
skateboard my cat is psyched on him yeah
but there you go guys hope you guys
liked this video once again stop hanging
out in my appliances or don't because it
makes it kind of interesting but I'm
gonna go take a much-needed shower after
a long day of work and you guys are
gonna go check out the channel right now
check him out subscribe do something
