what's up guys this is just a really
quick update video that I wanted to talk
to you guys for a second and give you a
heads up on some things and after i get
to talking ago to the skate park and
make someone do a trick so skip to the
end if you wanna see skateboarding but
first off the name of the company is
going to be announced really soon we
have a name and we're moving forward
with it and probably you're not going to
expect it per se but I'm just happy to
have a name moving forward like I cannot
wait to put orders in for more product
and get this going so it'll be within
the next few days and there will be a we
want revenge this weekend so be psyched
that's happening also my book is really
coming together I just got it back the
final edit from my editor and is ready
to go I just need to get the cover
together and do the workings and get it
online too ready to be sold so there'll
be a video talking about that in the
next two weeks stay tuned I just you
know I hit a hundred thousand a while
ago so I wanted to keep you guys updated
with that also I've recently had the
opportunity to set having some of my
videos sponsored and you know I do this
for a living so anyway I can make life
easier for my family I'm gonna do it I
just want to give you guys a heads up on
this it's only going to be in my talk
videos and it's not going to be a lot
like I have one coming up this week and
who knows when the next one will be but
yeah it's just it's just going to be in
talking videos so if I ever start
talking about something random like
you're like wait why is he talking about
this just skip forward 30 seconds and
I'll be back to relevant stuff and what
I'm you know what I'm always going on
about but I just want to give you a
heads up on this guy's because I didn't
want to like feel like I'm pulling one
over on you I want to be honest with you
guys um and you know most you understand
like I do this to support my family and
it's my job so I know you'll be
understanding about it I just kind of
wanted to give you guys a heads up so
you didn't like wait what's happening
with Andy nothing's changing the skate
videos are going to say the same it's
only going to be in my talking update
videos and for a short amount of time
during them we aren't revenge videos all
of them they'll stay the same so don't
worry about that it's really a good
significant I just felt like I'd be
ripping you off I did I didn't give you
a heads up on this and speaking of
update videos I actually got the idea to
do one every single week so where I
could like do maybe do weekly giveaways
and like future channels on it and just
talk about what's going on in life if
you like that idea go down and give this
with your thumbs up and I could like
schedule a time a week or I film it and
just put it up at the same time every
week so if you like that idea let me
know but I'm gonna go I just try
like across the whole part let me go
back to the skate park and make Ryan
kune do a trick I think ron coons the
one dude that I could just tell them to
do a trick of like all right what do you
got really I don't really know you
really have to know um I could try an
ollie front heel on the hip you think
you do that we do it in five tries i'll
give you a free set of hardware yeah aha
one more one more try for the free
hardware oh you want to just land for
YouTube then whoo nursie do it oh yes
say goodbye video get my video why you
saying goodbye to lose your specialty I
said good bye YouTube even think about
that
you
