he's got his glasses stuck in him
I was talking about this cake being like
hard yeah it felt like I was pushing my
my like facing the like liquid plastic
or something like it was just weird this
is a weird cake like my glasses haven't
even been removed from Jamie like you
slap me upside there dude like I tried
to get so close the point where I
wouldn't miss me you're like I miss it
was a cool clip I off to call you back
huh
what happened
I'm not doing it
I meant what doing what he might
probably got mad at his girl rather than
argument fighting whether he took a cake
brought over here put his face it sound
like a better thing to do in jail that
sound like a figure oh yeah I could get
you that upset yeah no kidding I've done
yeah man you might be a relief samanga
hanging hey you gotta do crazy she
didn't with that you do at time for
tabatha so sometimes the one will make
you stick your face in a cake in a cake
right in do them say yeah I'll go get in
a cold shower drown out what it up is
better than you know I think it was
school thing I think so all right you
take care yeah all right
you
