YouTube what is up guys who so is so I
can't even say so I said so just sounded
weird in my head so today's video is
Carlos Lara look oh my gosh I can't talk
I'm gonna get this so today's video is
of Carlos nostril it's Ross Kate but
it's just showing you how talented this
dude is he's a nice guy and man he could
move a skateboard around these are extra
clips that did not make some of the
three block edits recently they're
filmed by Nigel Alexander enjoy it and
afterwards I have a really cool special
on three blocks Dec this weekend three
block decks this weekend watch this
footage love it and then I will see you
afterwards to talk some more
skateboard time
that was work via the price
just because you can do that huh
showoff
y'see master shirt
primo
there you guys go yeah I hope you guys
like that there are so many good tricks
in that and a lot of us skatepark
footage so it didn't make a three-block
edit some of it I just chose other clips
due to various reasons but either way
there you guys go I'm gonna be with
Carlos sooner or later cuz I always film
with him when I'm travelling and whatnot
so you'll get some more three-block
stuff I think he's gonna be working on a
part here soon and it's gonna be good so
stay tuned most of that stuff was filmed
by Nigel Alexander and ka I'll put his
link to his channel right down there
you'll see a lot of Carlos footage over
on his channel but you want to know
about an awesome special we have at the
Shred course calm that is my online
skate shop every three block deck that
goes out this weekend so from right now
until Monday morning you get a free set
of wheels
grab a jack get a pair of wheels they
only come in size 52 I'm sorry and you
don't know what graphic you're gonna get
do we have a handful of graphics we have
a lot of so we're just gonna throw them
out there and if you grab a deck by
Carlos or Jason it supports them and
three Bott dudes in general of course
but yeah that's a really awesome deal
just go get a three block deck and you
get a free set of wheels so you're set
up for a while so that's it I guess if
you guys can go out and skateboard today
go out and do it if you want to see more
videos from me hit the subscribe button
right down below I do videos all the
time my video tomorrow is the day to
life I used to skateboarding myself
although I wasn't that successful I did
like a trick my friends killed it though
and it's a fun it's just a fun video
with the family and me and my business
and all that stuff but videos are always
on the way so I will see you guys soon
and that's it music can take it away
dudes or dudettes it doesn't have to be
music doesn't have to be a guy what am I
talking about
what are you doing why are you racing I
want to see what it was was it really
he's not gonna tell me how do you know
it was great this is a dumb bonus clip
yes it is great
you
