oh my gosh okay
just something ball yeah man my god it's
all that what's up man like kicking
above your head I'm just trying to save
the camera did I save it I know I had a
rock are you okay dude what's up dude
dislocated my shoulder I'm not even
kidding
you're shaking yeah we're tricking peer
assessment okay
looks awesome over there which good view
of that yeah you really gonna be eating
it too like I didn't even care about my
body I just wanted to save the camera oh
now you care about your body is the
camera safe yeah he's just still
recording so are you serious oh that's
pretty cool YouTube what is up guys so
this is a bummer this is my friend Sam
Taber and he totally had a pebble while
he was filming and fell on his face
shoulder area and fractured his
collarbone but you got to give it to him
like he really tried not to fall it
looked like you ran like a good 15 feet
before he actually fell to the ground
so props to Sam go down to give Sam a
thumbs up because he did the excellent
job and almost not breaking his collar
but still you know if he wouldn't have
ran that for who knows he might like he
might have broken his face his hair his
gonads all of the above and his
collarbone but either way he put up a
good fight and I was impressed now a lot
of times collarbone injuries aren't a
huge deal when it comes to breaking
bones I know a lot of people were just
in a sling and they're back in action in
like a few weeks but unfortunately with
Sam he's going to be out for two to four
months says the doctor and I would like
to just pause for a second to make fun
of that time frame because the max time
is double than the beginning time frame
like really you can't narrow it down a
little more what would you do if you
went to a doctor yeah like a critical
illness you're gonna die I'm sorry to be
the one that tells you this but you were
going to die between the ages of 40 and
80 are you kidding me I just feel like
they can like give him a better idea but
who knows I'm sure he'll get a better
idea like next time he goes to see this
doctor he actually sent me this clip to
put in my next randomness video I do but
I watched it now like this is like
really good footage buddy I'm just going
to make it its own video and hopefully I
can send some people your way because it
is a you know healing process he's not
gonna be able to skate so he's gonna be
loading footage of just his friends at
he films and I'm sure he'll come up here
and as we film will our avenges and put
footage of us on his channel but I
wanted to help him out since peoples way
he is actually a great skateboarder I
mean six months ago when I first started
skating with him he could do some stuff
but he didn't have like a big bag of
tricks and just for the six months that
I've been skating with him I've seen him
progress so much and he's got like a
bigger bag of tricks and it's really
awesome so I'll put some footage after
the outro and watch that game like whoa
my mind's blown and uh and then check
out his channel to be a link after that
and then write down the info but I'm
going to go I will see you guys in the
future subscribe or break your
collarbone Oh what is that too soon too
soon guys guys are way too sensitive
goodbye
you
