here it is guys cakes to the face 3 this
sucks
she actually missed he's not not
talented you can hit me in the head with
a freaking cupcake missed what do you
have to say happen i thing went off
really likely story
there's a reason why I work glasses
every time I do these and I totally
forgot it on my last one and I see
there's like it--like a layer of icing
in my efficient dude it's so bad
alright so enough you guys have asked me
to combine following skateboarder and
cakes the face and I'm going to give it
a whirl I got one go at this so I hope
it's good
I'll tell you
this part didn't in the ground yeah you
have to cake you want them cake
I watch the game drift on the two phases
there's really any Phil and his face
went right in the gate what are the odds
of that video
you
so that was cakes to the face 3 this has
been a long time coming and we actually
had the hardest time filming this one
like there were a lot of filmers and so
many camera issues and it's just kind of
difficult to film these it was actually
so hard that I was like this is the last
one I'm doing I'm not I'm done doing
these and I would just leave to other
prank videos but at the same time I kind
of feel like I owe it to myself to go
out and do like a solid cakes of the
face so if you guys do want to see one
more face to face go down there and give
this video a thumbs up oh what's with
the thumbs up it's always a thumbs up
thumbs up they're always thumbs up and
everything edit I talk pricings it's how
they communicate me that's how they tell
me oh I know when you were holding that
cake you know I was like oh he's gonna
get fuckin gosh so I will see you guys
in cakes the base for if you guys had
want it I'm gonna go shower for about
three hours
