Oh
alright guys that was footage of Shawn
handing that's over on his brothers
channel i do believe they have the same
last name but the channel is Billy
hangings and it's an awesome skate
chillin he's submitted this to me to get
featured on my channel and i was like i
like it i'm gonna feature you so
definitely check out his channel he
posts regularly and he posts really good
skate footage so it's brother get out to
be a link right down there and at the
end this video but i'm gonna get a lead
by tom tom rivers I didn't even get
Ollie by him do you want to do you want
a refund on that all right Holly me then
I'm gonna get a better angle refund time
oh that was a JC Penney's an and my shoe
is holding with a camera that's why all
I got one shoe on so check out Billie
headies channel it's awesome goodbye
you
