have your wanted to drop into a quarter
price but you wanna do it in such a way
that people will saw you and they're
like wow that guy's classy he's got
style
well I have but really guys this is kind
of a cool little trick to add some
pizzazz when you're dropping in if
you're already able to drop in it's
really just a game I'm just trying to
throw your board in the right spot just
start out simply like place your board
and drop in position take both hands put
it on both sides of the nose and just
kind of like pull it above your head
okay and the graphic will be facing your
face and you're gonna just wing it okay
when you throw it just aim the tail get
on the coping all right so I'm gonna
wing it
okay and when I do that as it comes down
you're going to follow it with your foot
and stomp it okay if it's a steep
transition if you're like actually have
verts on the quarter pipe it's not gonna
be that hard to catch it but with this
one how it's like a more mellow
transition it'll sometimes slip out and
it'll be kind of hard but this is normal
like it'll slip out a bunch of times
before you get it but it'll like
eventually as you get better at aiming
your tail right on the coping and you'll
get better at stomping down and you'll
just be like second nature to like I am
yeah girls are gonna see you they're
gonna be like oh my gosh why am i dating
anyone other than him which I say every
how to a video but it's true man you
gotta add pizzazz and your life and
girls burger and then dudes would be
like alright well I gotta step up my
game cuz that was awesome
so this should take you about five to
ten minutes to learn if it takes you
longer don't worry you just need to keep
going and get better at decay anything
with scampering is hard this isn't
really like a real skate printer because
you're not using your feet but it's a
cool little thing to learn and people be
like pay attention like wow but after
you do it you're gonna have to do a
trick after it because if you get to do
that and then you can't do tricks the
big guy right well I'm done with that
dude
so do tricks and I'll see you guys in
the future I'm not do that again because
I'm sick and tired and gross feeling but
with anything are you trying to learn a
trick and skateboarding try try try and
subscribe or die and if that fails
launch your board over quarterpipe for
fun
bud
oh oh yeah it's how you focus on
everything you do ask me girls be like
what struggling to find out how they
think this is web but still I mean I did
something different right
