alright guys so it's another one of
those I'm walking out in the outdoors
video and usually these are awesome and
inspirational and something Goods
happening but not the case with us this
one this is actually a bummer
as you guessed by the title revenge
skateboards is done and we are not done
because we were not successful we're
done for other reasons we've actually
been very successful we've been growing
sung a lot of stuff about to move into a
warehouse it was awesome but when we
went to trademark her name there's
another company out there and they had
the trademark and it was it didn't match
up and they would not give us permission
to trademark revenge skateboards they
said no and they told us we had to stop
being a company you know we had to
rename the company basically so that's
what's happening nothing's changing we
are revenge series is going to continue
with that name we just have to come up
with a new name for the company and you
might be thinking oh that's not that big
of a deal it's actually a very annoying
deal and we'll get to the point where
we'll change it and after we get through
this annoying little phase it'll it
won't be that big a deal but right now
it's like we've had the name revenge for
two years now as a company at least and
it's just like we're attached to it you
know and it's like I don't know how to
come up with a name that clicks because
like revenge just makes sense it fits
for us and now it's like we're tossing
around all these ideas and it's just
like not working out I just can't wrap
my mind around another name and it's
very frustrating we try to do avenged
skateboards and apparently that
trademark is too similar to revenge
skateboards now that it's like a
completely different word but they were
like yeah it's too similar and then with
rise of skateboards and the there's a
surf company called rise and they sold
skateboards in the past but they're a
surf company and they still will not let
us like they said the trademark office
it was too similar so that's what's
happening we're trying to come up with a
new name for the company and you know
we're going to continue selling
skateboards I'm going to continue
running a company and it's it's going to
be annoying but we'll get through this
and I'm gonna keep going you know my
never give up attitude is still here and
as we go through this I'm really going
to need you guys help on spreading the
word and anyone who buys the new
companies like gear and skateboards and
clothing at the beginning you cannot
understand how much that's going to help
us and we'll be posting some promo
videos especially once we get the name
I'll be posting a bunch of videos saying
like
a revenge is done but this is our new
project and and anyone who shares those
videos you can even take my the videos
off my channel upload on to your channel
I like I appreciate that like that is
going to really really help us out and I
know whatever name we come up with you
guys are going to hate like that's the
same way with us like it's not easy to
go from one name to the other so
whatever name we pick give it a chance
to sink in and then like in a year if
you still hate the name you can be like
hey any fYI like I like the company but
the name it's not that good that's fine
but at first like I understand you're
not gonna like the name and it's just
it's just really hard to move from one
name to the other and it's gonna be a
very annoying like process but I know I
have the best subscribers in the world
and I know you guys support me like and
have been supporting me for so long so
uh I know you guys will be understanding
about this and like I said like if you
guys when once we get our new product in
which hopefully will be in like three
and a half weeks once we get that stuff
in um whoever gets it we might do some
specials like I don't know what we're
doing but like whoever start like really
supporters of the first at the beginning
like you guys are the best thing in the
world that's like that's like saving my
life at the moment but uh so there you
go I'm sorry I'm really sorry to make
this video but I had to be honestly you
guys know a lot of people were saying
like we're on the product it's like well
we've been selling Lots like we were
just weren't able to order more stuff so
if you have Revenge stuff considered a
collector's item because it's not going
to be like it's not going to exist
anymore and the revenge store is open
right now as I as I say this but it's
not going to be open for long so there
might be a couple decks left I don't
know but there's some shirts if so if
you have a revenge product like there
you go that's a collector's item it's
never going to exist anymore so if we
turn to this new company like is growing
and successful as revenge you can be
like hey you know like I got one of
their old things when they were they
were named this they'll be pretty cool
but up that's it guys
I'm sorry I'm really starting to say
this is a bore but I'm not going to
ramble on for a million years
I will post one of one of my favorite
revenge videos at the end of this and
you can click that and watch it and
remember the old times but like I said
we aren't revenge is not changing we
don't have to change the title of the
series so don't worry about that the
videos are gonna be the same we're going
to act the same we're gonna do the same
we just you have to change the name I'm
going to go I'm gonna go film a video
that's skateboard right over there
I'll see you guys in the future
you
you
