oh all right there are some weird people
in the world okay everybody knows this
like this girl or this dude or this guy
and these people are dressed so weird or
doing something so strange and there is
only one way you could react to this you
pull your phone out and you take a
picture that is the only option you have
so I was driving across Pennsylvania
last week and I came across an instant
classic look at this boom this is real
I saw this real life so let's break this
down okay you got the guy leather jacket
on a bike okay you like alright that's
normal this guy's probably bout to make
out with a few girls tonight and then
you add the girl and you're like alright
that's completely normal and dude on a
bike gets the girl is gonna make out
with her grab a boob or five I don't
know and then of course there's a tire
strapped to the girl's back what are you
kidding me what is this Pennsylvania's
version of like a ghetto bumper I just
really don't want to get rear-ended why
don't we put a tire on your back and
then if you get hit by a semi don't be
like a bumper but realistically
obviously they're just trying to get
this tire for point A to point B I just
can't help but think there had to be a
better way of getting was done I mean
honestly how did that conversation go we
need to get this tire down the road how
are we going to do this all right well
obviously we're gonna take a tire we're
strapped to your back using your scarf
and we're gonna drive it down there I'm
a motorcycle like how else would it do
this like what is this the bag I've ER
couple this had to be the dudes idea
okay cuz no girl would come up with the
idea to tie a tire on to her back with a
scarf alright they would think of
something much more logical than that I
mean the reforms and houses everywhere
they could have just knocked on a house
and be like hey I'm sorry to disturb you
this is my situation could you give me a
ride or maybe just let me borrow some
rope or strapped to mount this tire
better but they didn't do that
apparently they went with the classic
scarf
tire on back driving down the highway on
a motorcycle combo I mean that one works
works like a charm but at least this is
no big deal I mean I hope they got their
tire where they were going and you know
I made for a funny picture and story so
there we go
plus we've all done really stupid things
to go down there and give this video a
thumbs up if you ever been doing
something weird and it would have made a
good picture I know I have I mean maybe
I haven't done something looks like that
weird in public
hey I meant to do that that does not
count but that's for me guys I'm back in
the future to make fun of the world one
time at a time until then I'm out
no listen okay the beauty of this is not
only am i good stunt double for Ghost
Buster but I could also do Ironman okay
I could be the rocketeers remember that
movie I could play anybody with a
backpack I'd be a Boy Scout I could be
like a schoolyard bully I could be I
could probably be a sixteen year girl
when it comes down to it okay I mean
like just throw me in and I'll it'll be
legit but thank you for watching my
video guys if you want to see more
videos from me click this right here
that will subscribe you to my channel
get more random stuff like this
skateboarding skits pranks all the fun
stuff and if you want to see the last
take that world episode is right down
there and fYI this is very hard to do by
myself and it made it so I can't like
pull my collar up and it kind of looks
popped so I'm sorry if my popped collar
ish offended you let me go okay I didn't
say when I was gonna go watch geez
alright
you
