Oh your ankle it's okay that wasn't bad
no it didn't well I can't feel this
finger but everything's fine you all
right
you too what is up guys so I've been
wanting to do this one for a little
while now okay I like to gather my clips
make one awesome montage every now and
then
and I know this one doesn't exactly get
you excited to go out and skate like I'm
not gonna watch a dude slamming his face
on the ground be like oh you know what
let's get out there on my board I want
to do that too but I hope it was
entertaining on some level I know I like
watching slam videos every now and then
as long as they're out like brutal and
violent like I don't want to see a dude
like snap his arm and have a bone
sticking out and then like stab dude in
the face that on accident there's like
blood and gore and you're like what am I
playing Mortal Kombat here like know
what's happening one thing I want to
talk about is where Brian Eames falls
with the camera yeah okay you've seen
that before because it's been a we are
avenged and it's been its own video but
I did not notice this until someone
pointed out in the comments like he
literally like reaches out midair and
grabs the camera and you can tell by the
shadow in the clip like look how awesome
the shadow is how sweet is that go down
there and give this video a thumbs up to
say Bry names you are awesome but I'm
about done with this video guys I hope
you guys enjoyed it and thank you for
watching I'm gonna go the skate park I'm
gonna film another video for you guys so
stay tuned for more content and I'm
gonna go the classic outro okay guys so
subscribe or can't go wrong with that
one that was just good
you - what is up guys so I've been
wanting to do this one for a little
while okay I like to gather man boom
put him up wall cuz I'm gonna fight you
I was a really stupid fight to pick a
wall I mean the wall is gonna win she's
gonna stand there I'm gonna go to the
skatepark and filled filled I'm gonna
filled I'm gonna go to the skatepark
just filled it up and then I'm going to
top GUI with my friends we're gonna sit
there roast pigs and I don't even know
what that man do you think before you
talk clearly not clearly not Eddie
