I don't know if he's been recording I
think we're officially recording okay
what's up sorry so this is a live stream
if to everyone who's watching it live
and if you're watching this after the
fact it's still relevant so what's up
hangout the chat is not appearing now
okay there is um yeah I've got um I'm
gonna do a Q&A with you guys and just
talk to you haven't done this in a while
but also I'm gonna give you a heads up
on an auction we're doing for charity
actually not not we my my podcast strike
back podcast
hello everyone joining I'm gonna tell
you guys a little bit I'm just
reiterating myself so I'm sorry if
you're watching is not live um yeah I
have a really cool action going on from
strike back pod we wanted to do
something to help out with down in
Houston more so we a lot of us have
donated stuff and done things on a
personal level and revives done some
stuff but um
strike back wanted to do something so we
got some out-of-print revived gear stuff
that you can't find on shred quarters
and we're doing an auction and we're
taking what that auction does where
we're gonna donate it all to a charity
we said Red Cross in the podcast but
we're gonna but I've heard a lot of
people saying the Red Cross isn't really
like you spend like 8 bucks and they
give like 40 cents worth of food from
that 8 bucks so I'm gonna find a charity
that I really think is effective I'm
gonna ask people and we're gonna donate
it all and we're gonna match it so
whatever this auction goes for is we're
gonna turn around and match it and it's
just you know something we're trying to
help out as much as we can so that's
what this is about but hang tight guys
because I'm gonna do a little QA at the
same time after this so I can talk to
you guys and cuz I haven't done that in
a while so uh there's a lot of people
talking congratulation TR buds on your
first dollar yeah that's awesome so ok
so this board right here boom 8 bit
lifeline it's been a second since this
has been in the store this was very
popular this is in the auction and I you
know what I don't know if this is
supposed to be here you get two decks
with with the auction but this is the
the t-rex
I think it's been out a little longer on
this is an 8.5 though the other is an
eight point one two five which is it a
good medium so if you get the
you rather just have a different size in
a normal deck we have let us know when
we can switch it out but you also get
boom this is an old force hoody this is
probably my favorite force for the Evers
just got this lash on a red zip up um
and then this is really cool you get two
shirts this graphic if you remember that
that's not too long ago and then the cat
graphic which I don't know if this is
out of print but this is in here so but
let me open up this is one of this is
probably the coolest thing in here I'm
pretty sure this is the first from the
first run this is a first edition for
suil it is a 55 so it's a big wheel but
it is from the first set so that's kind
of cool because I don't I don't think I
have one of these so first edition force
wielded two decks the hoodie two shirts
and then we got some stickers like a
bunch of stickers in there for you and
the proceeds go directly to help people
in Houston and then man with with how
things are looking in Florida and down
the Caribbean
I got a phone call my gosh sorry
I got a phone call I'm back with
everything happening this is a time we
really need to come together and help
out so if if you didn't if you're just
joining now when this posts and is like
on my channel go back and watch the
beginning of it but it's an auction gets
them out of print revived gear and it
goes directly to Houston and everyone
down there so uh there you guys go
please help out if you don't want to do
this just find a way how you can whether
that's spreading the word of another
charity or whatnot in to follow
Southside skate park down there they do
a lot they're doing a lot endlessly and
they're awesome so alright with that
said thank you dudes and dudettes I'm
gonna do some Q&A when you get this box
is huge
great I just built a shirt alright
alright so I'm just gonna talk to you
guys now are you excited for the last
Jedi says laser player yes I collect
things here and there and when the toys
came out I've so wanted the Luke action
figure and I was in Gatlinburg you the
time not able to get to like a toy store
and
I got home and I managed to find him so
I'm a nerd but now he can sit on my desk
and be like I have Luke uh Bryan Bruns
he says he'll match a quarter of the
final bid that's awesome Bryan you are
the best in fact I'm gonna find a really
good charity and that's a good way to
contribute and give back and I'm gonna
put it in the info this video if you
guys like want to let me figure out but
it's following South Side's a good start
wins the revive fall line video coming
out that's coming out next or this
upcoming warehouse Wednesday so like the
next week the next warehouse when's that
comes up you'll find it all out I do
unveil one of the decks in the day to
life that's coming out too into these do
the charity direct to relief says saint
webby I will look into that thank you
that's awesome
Vivian unboxing you give a skateboard
now yeah I'm talking about a action that
gives a charity but there are
skateboards involved just Ellis just
Jessie list just asks my favorite horror
film and I would say paranormal
activities stigmata is really good I
like the supernatural stuff like ghosts
and possession and all that creepy stuff
there are so many questions
Xavier Perez says shout out to New
Mexico
there you go shout out New Mexico Tucker
warlock where do babies come from you're
on the Internet
if ever you could find out where they
come from it's the Internet but you're
just messin they say well uh it's count
45 I do see this Callum plays just his
first pop shuvit that's awesome
Jacob Nicholson says favorite skate
video and that would be misled youth by
zero skateboards or no I don't know
actually wanna say welcome to hell my
time sheet they're both so good I don't
know um who said this what are you
Curtis into music wise Connor back um I
recently just downloaded it a sense a
descendents album I had when I was
younger and I've been listening to them
this is a less than Jake which is I
don't like Scott too much but I like
less than Jake so I'm in jam in that and
then like you know hey if I rise against
all my normal stuff Coheed skate ID case
as you said about stranger things
oh my gosh I am that's one of my it's my
favorite like current show that in the
Walking Dead are just crushing gosh TR
bud says best show on YouTube thank you
dude that means a lot
I'm excited about the the recent videos
I filmed I've had a lot of fun doing
like the day in the life and then I just
filmed a shoe test video these these are
great these are the ever stitch Swift's
by yes they're so good I landed a like a
really like a switch notice on big flip
in the video and I haven't done one of
those that I didn't like I did the flip
really flowingly
it was a lick that landing could've been
smoother but I was so happy I did it so
that comes out next week watch out for
that Tony fronteira says Walking Dead is
Jake read the comics and you'll have an
opinion the comics are so good they're
like 10 times better on the show um Ryan
Kemp what what is your favorite
skateboarder that is tough Jason Park
has always been one of my favorite
there's so many tattoos William Spencer
I like a lot of the ones that I like a
lot of guys that I'm fortunate to be
friends with but a lot of the guys that
just are doing stuff that you just do
aren't used to seeing I of course likes
watching the Street League dudes too
because they're just like they're
pushing themselves and pushing the
limits of skateboarding but I don't know
my dudes um Greg Bell says do you like
Rick and Morty I just started watching
actually no I just watched one recently
and I'm gonna continue on but I mean it
seems cool I I go through phases with
animation like sometimes I'll like I'll
watch animated shows like South Park or
something and I used to actually have a
guy not so much anymore but Bob's
Burgers I watched that a little bit but
yeah I'll give a brick-and-mortar chance
science guy what is your favorite movie
it's not my favorite movie it's
everyone's favorite movie it's a park
Strikes Back what a good movie it's the
correct answer it's not an opinion
question um George Jordan Emma says
who's better Sam Taber Aaron Cairo uh I
mean at what you know Aaron Cairo is
vastly better at technical skateboarding
when it comes to creative stuff Sam
cavers better like Sam capers better at
having a weird face like that guy is
like a Jim Carrey face you can make it
look so weird and then Aaron Cairo is
I don't know he's he's he's better as
something you know he's definitely
better at manuals favor no FX album
Tyler Weinberg asks favorite no effects
album I would say so long and thanks for
all the shoes it's an old one but it
amazing so good
Oh Dylan asks where's ridin well he did
start kindergarten but today he's off
they like what one day then they're off
so he's with me he's in the warehouse
watching one of his YouTube channel as
he watches funnel vision but he was like
he just started watching he's been
hanging off me and helping and I skated
a little bit he's gonna have a lot of
fun um Sarah Thomas what's up says it's
been out for a while now but what you
think of rise against Reese now I think
it's the best since what's the one after
siren song suffer the witness I think
it's the best it's such a good album so
good greetings from Belgium Belgium I'm
big fun of you Thank You Bartek means a
lot I hope everything's going well in
Belgium it's probably certainly less
dramatic than it is here
cheese um Abdallah Jamal says do you
play ps4 yeah I have a ps4 then I have a
switch I've been I haven't had a lot of
time for the games recently breath of
the wild I definitely played that was
one of the best games to come out in
like ten years
so good and I just started playing Final
Fantasy 15 on my ps4 so we'll see Cory
Gribben says what's this what's this
video about so in the beginning of your
just getting here there's an auction for
a news for some out of printer of I've
stuff and it when this posts to YouTube
which is after I end this it all the
proceeds from the auction go to the
charity Houston so that's what it was
about now I'm just doing q and A's guys
what is happening sorry my screen just
flipped out
okay what do you more questions I don't
know how long I've been doing this
chance Manette says just start skating
again every ten years but all my gear
from you guys dude thank you so much
one it's awesome to hear you're back on
the skateboard
I hope our gear treats you well but the
important thing is that you're out there
having fun not to sound like a cheesy
broken record but you know if it's true
I'm gonna keep saying it Voltaire
Oliveira says you like Foo Fighters yeah
I like to order stuff more but the new
stuff is fine I just don't I just
haven't really picked up at album in a
while today Bert mark Pearson says
favorite Star Wars character obi-wan
Kenobi for sure he rules they're gonna
do a movie with him I'm so psyched on
that because from the prequels Ewan
McGregor was like the best thing about
that I feel like like his young obi-wan
didn't wasn't weird it was awesome um
valera Melendez says Valeria Melendez
says would you get ever get a girl GoPro
for revive I am a firm believer and that
it does not matter what you look like
when skinned pillar is it was a guy or a
girl you're you know I just I I my dad
mom didn't even like engrave that in my
head we just were kind of raised that
way and just like it just was a like a
thing like and yeah I wouldn't it all
depends on if they're a part of the
family it doesn't happen doesn't matter
if you're a guy or girl you know where
you're from
I'm a so yes yes I definitely do it a
short price of death says older knew if
I knew AFI and the new AFI album is
amazing
super good that's also one of the better
ones and along in a few albums for them
but I'm gonna go away five so black
sails art of drowning and signa sorrow
or the they like their best albums
Robster one two three four was your
favorite childhood TV show
I don't know that's good question like
young young I watched diner riders that
ruled Ninja Turtles ruled like I watched
that was riding now and it's still like
entertaining but then like when I was a
little older like ever since I was like
10 at 12 I always watched Star Trek next
generation I was a huge nerd during high
school I still am but I was like full-on
like nothing else my life was just like
nerdy things
uh Josh Nichols says any new shapes for
revived or three-block up for
three-block yes
no one look I literally nobody has ever
said anything bad they've always said
good things about revived shape like
I've never had them like emailing us I'd
get a different shape so I mean if it's
not baroque I'm not gonna fix it but not
to say I wouldn't like I don't know
maybe we'll experiment but definitely
with reblog Jake Dirk and how many
concussions have you had from
skateboarding none or one just one
though all the celebs on Instagram that
I just put up we're like they didn't
even hurt I just kept skating I don't I
just don't like honestly don't feel pain
I don't think like normal people because
I can just like I can't push this on the
face right now be fine don't punch
yourself in the face but but yeah this
slams on Instagram work I just kept
skating actually the 50-50 ones where I
said out of the hurdle bad it freaked me
out so I didn't keep trying to 5050 but
those boardslide in from poor slams like
I just I landed that front board after
that um Toby Mason says who's your
favorite skater not on revive so I guess
you mean like outside of my like shred
quarters family and I would say it's
tough there's so many Dave Dave Angier
but then he's my friend does that count
I don't know um technical side like
Kelly heart rules Chris Jocelyn is super
enjoyable to watch I don't know man that
stuff there's too many of them uh he
always used to be jr. Thomas though not
saying that I don't like James now I've
been growing up like I like just
hero-worshipped him and he was the dude
that inspired me so much but you know
like as I've grown order and he's grown
order like the scenes change and he's
not like a heavy dude out there it's
awesome he still skates though like gosh
profits I have so much respect for what
he's done for skating and like the fact
that he goes out there and kills is
still so super inspiring but since the
game has changed so much I feel like I
should have a different answer for that
um
Dragon Ball Drake says your dream to
meet Tony Hawk I have a video of meeting
him right now
hung out with him for a second so I
don't dream it's happened he was nice I
didn't get hang out then too long I
think he's in the I think he might be in
the movie there's like a bit rumors
nothing official yet so I'm not saying
anything but I feel like it's a
possibility that he might be in the
movie that I'm in coming up we're
filming in October or we're filming
October or November I don't know to be
to be debated continued favorite are
Claire Thompson says favored Nintendo
console when I would say super Nintendos
awesome the new SNS classic it's gonna
be so good I really hope I can get one
easy without ripping myself off alright
let's do a couple more warehouse Sam
flew already been he was always my
favorite asks he a boy Jay Frost he
actually was just here and I didn't know
he was in town I was in Gatlinburg and
also I saw like a story of him hanging
out with Alec tells like what but I
think he was in and out he didn't skate
but yeah he lives in San Francisco now
and he's got like a life and he still
skates by himself once a while but he's
like he's like Oh Gina on the team so
he's still part of the family though he
always will be alright one more guys mm
all right well this isn't the one last
one Layton Parkers is do you like your
fans and I like any one I endlessly
appreciate anyone that watches my stuff
but yeah I of course I enjoy meeting any
like honestly nice good person but the
fact that anyone some supports what I do
here is just I love to say thank you in
real life it's so of course you guys are
the Z best um is it awkward that I'm
just like staring off like I'm not
looking right there
okay let's I'm gonna try to make a good
one
any kids side all right grant - sure
says - shirt says any kids sizes seven
interest coming up for the holidays I
know how many plans on doing that but we
haven't put the order in
so maybe we should experiment with that
I don't know I always like that you have
making like a little dude size board
since right and you know does what he
did skates all the time and he could
actually use it but I don't know we'll
see I mean last question Jordan Emma
says what is your favorite video game
and that is earthbound I always say two
things I say the greatest video game of
all time is finally seven but my
favorite video game is earthbound it
makes me feel like a kid again it's so
good it's funny downloaded if you
like a wii-u I don't think it's on
switch yet but people we you you can get
it on there it's so good it's an RPG and
you're like for like teenagers that go
like take on aliens it's awesome but
that's it guys
thank us hanging out the option as I
said there's a link to it right down
there it's at the top of it so tune in
for that and that's it I hope you guys
have a great day tomorrow I have a
three-block edit with just like raw
footage of Carlos it's not really a
three-block video but there is a three
block sale like special going on the
speaka the straight course and it's it's
really good you're gonna want to jump on
it so that's it I will see you guys in
the future and I'm done here I'm going
to figure out how to end this oh finish
that would do it yeah good bye guys love
you guys
