ah you had that this is this is garrett
trial a gentleman you know him because
rd on my channel killing it you got this
pre-emptive high five right there you
know what i'm going to give him another
one when he lands all those tricks good
job ride on this box right there oh
that's a high fiber even if I got to
walk all the way to you man I'm gonna do
it okay how's good so there you go hope
you guys like that quick little session
this wind is horrendous every time I
skateland has been bad but today is
shred cast shred cast is a skateboarding
podcast I do every way you could black
ninja fast with the COS tells and josh
katz and we talked about some pretty
cool things you guys can ask some
questions it's every thursday at five
o'clock pacific standard time so if
you're a different time zone find out
what time it is and tune in if you do if
you miss it it'll be on one of our
channels here on YouTube so just thank
guys for watching this video to see in
the future you guys can even hear me
this win so bad
fast with
