youtube what is up guys so I was sitting
on my computer earlier today and I saw
these two clips of the five I figure 5
out and it got me thinking I was like
one I don't think this has ever been on
my channel before and 2 i'm pretty sure
i've never seen anyone else do this
trick so i did some research on the
internet there's a really cool site
called youtube com where you can you can
search through videos people upload them
you watch them it's awesome so I did
some searching I went through about 10
pages and I could not find any clip of
anyone doing this trick I did find one
dude doing a 50 like flip out where he
grabs the nose of his board but that's a
different trick than what i'm doing but
if you have seen this trick done
definitely uploaded as a video response
to this video so i can check it out but
that's why i put MBD ? because i wasn't
sure you know i mean these days is kind
of hard to say anything's never been
done because there's so many dudes out
there killing either you have no idea
that they're even there like there's
probably kid in portugal right now doing
a backflip mills ground down a hand
round you're sitting here on your
internets like yeah right that's not
possible boom he just did a switch to
manual to Tony Hawk combo out you're
eating your own words right now it's
what's happening to put aside from all
out of real like this trick and I
haven't done in a while a couple years
back I did it but it was really sloppy I
actually have some footage of a check
did ya see I'm pretty sure a
seven-year-old somewhere has a cleaner
room then that trick was clean if that
makes sense but i do want to hit this
from my upcoming video part so if you
want to see that go down and give this
video a thumbs up and i will be trying
to find a good street spot to do this on
but i'm done with this video guys I
completely need a haircut my gosh I've
been staring at the LCD screen old time
and I'm like do I feel I look like I
have a Lego like I could just clip this
off and be like oh okay I'm gonna put
the blonde hair on boo I need a haircut
really bad and doesn't help that it's
really hot in here i had the fan running
it didn't do a thing so i kind of look
like an idiot like i'm about to start
sweating I got the Lego hair it's just a
disaster there are so many girls out
there they're just like man if he was
single I still wouldn't date him so you
know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna take my
anger out on some Elmer's glue when that
rhymed totally don't rhyme that should
be a commercial did you make a noise so
anti climactic gosh that's what I
thought Elmer's glue
I've got a sweaty face and some stupid
hair yet I do not care i do not care
this video's done gets to persist why
does Elmer's glue eggs is our change the
mood of the song and night gotta get out
of here I gotta go to the post office
dench that escaped before i go home into
a care of the baby that part didn't work
what a crappy song
you
