what's up guys so Wow I hit 100,000
subscribers it's really weird I never
thought I was gonna make it this far on
YouTube like growth wise and I want to
do a video of just saying thank you like
I wanted to say to say this is important
enough to me that the only thing I'm
saying this video is thank you too of
various amounts of people and of course
you that are watching this because you
watch my videos and that means the world
to me
you know without each and every one of
you guys watching my videos and
supporting me I'd probably working some
job I wasn't 100% excited four years ago
I got the idea I was like you know what
I need to find a way to make my life
exactly who I want I want to like make a
career out of doing the things I like to
do and YouTube has let me do that you
know I'm not rich about living in
mansions yet but uh but I'm getting by
and out of supporting my family and it's
all from me starting the YouTube and
make being a goof on the internet and I
travel II just ran out of field so I'm
gonna go back there and start talking
again and walk this way
for those of you who do not know my
story I started making goofy videos here
on YouTube a few years back I did
skateboarding pranks kids talk about my
life whatever randomness I thought was
entertaining the same thing I do these
days and from the success of these
videos that let me start my own
skateboard company and that's been
growing and all of a sudden I'm like a
business ESCA dude like run my own
company and making videos full-time and
that's just like the best thing that has
ever happened me and it's like all
because of everyone who watches my
videos like if you have liked favorited
shared watched anyway help my videos
grow I want to say thank you so much and
it's like like I just said has changed
my life and that means the world and I'm
only gonna keep going I'm only gonna
keep working hard at this and you know
take my life even further in this
direction because it's it's working for
me and I'm happy and I mean that's what
life is you know you do what you love
because everything else in the end is
gonna be pointless as cheesy as that
sounds that's true you know at the end
you're gonna be like I'm totally glad
that I had a job I didn't like if that
dog could just beat me all the time like
I loved all that that was a weird thing
to say but seriously you know you're no
one's gonna say that because in the end
you've got to do what you love that's
what's gonna matter I mean that's what
life is like do what makes you happy and
what you feel good about feel like I'm
winking like I'm like running out of
breath walking back
random few but 100,000 subscribers that
is just insane to me I can't believe
that many people have said like you know
what I would like to see this guy space
on my computer more often I also want to
thank some specific people first and
foremost
Alex muna you've been here since the
very beginning dude and I could not have
done half of this stuff without you it
means the world and we're gonna keep
rock and we're gonna keep doing exactly
what we're doing I also want to thank
all their adventures of course Sam flu
hardy Jace johansson Tomas alvarez Aaron
Cairo max Mayberry Josh Katz and Brian
Ames you've been one of my longest best
friends in my entire life you rock then
I want to thank my my my broader version
of revenge Erza Justin Ellison you're an
awesome dude long-term friend Sam Taber
Ryan white boy chambers who's a lot of
prank videos with me Nick Mitchell isn't
a lot of skits with me I want to think
and of course I got a lot of the
youtubers I want to thank bass with Doug
Dustin tells black ninja you guys rock
my shred cast brothers Joel and the
entire metro crew you guys are my dudes
it was awesome going on tour with you
and I've been working with you guys for
a long time and I'm gonna keep doing it
and wrapping it up here I want to thank
Joe Meehan who got me into skateboarding
years and years ago and it's still a
great friend today and my family who
have supported me through all of this
and then Brittany my fiance we're about
to get married and I cannot wait to
spend my life with you it's been such a
journey thank you for all the support
you've shown me and bringing our little
dude ride in who is my next person to
thank you're my son and I can't wait to
get a little bit older and do all of
this goofy stuff with me I don't want
you to grow up too fast buddy but it's
it's an awesome ride and I can't wait to
see you grow and the dude you turn into
and one last time I'm gonna thank you
who was watching this everyone who has
liked watched favorited shared my videos
it means the world and without you guys
I would be sitting in some office
somewhere going like you know what this
life thing is so thank you guys I know I
said it 100,000 subscribers I was going
to publish my book and I'm gonna hold
true to that I'm talking to the
publishing company right now it's not
like a thing or like 100,000 subscribers
I'm gonna flip the switch and the book
is for sale it's not like that so it's
in the works and I would get it out as
soon as possible it's gonna be out
within a month or two I believe so watch
house and I'll have a video talking
about it but I'm gonna go guys I'm gonna
do an artsy walk up the screen thing so
one last time thank you I love you dudes
and I will see you at 200,000 maybe
I'm gonna try you know
you
