man where we going don't say I think I'm
picking the spot but we got to a bat
no but seriously dude we're in West
Virginia okay dude we're in Pennsylvania
are we
did you get that
there are we
oh my goes for Virginia we're feeling
and we are here this is mall yeah it's a
black diamond indoor skate park
dude we just drove from Cincinnati to
Philadelphia nine hours in the car to
skate an indoor park we're gonna warm up
Black Diamond skatepark I'm gonna be
honest is kind of weird to go to a skate
park in the mall but that's what they do
here on the East Coast we would never
have a skate park in a mall in
Cincinnati
no offense Alex but you're dumb to be
angry because this is the best indoor
skatepark I've ever skated my life let's
begin this montage
I'm scared on YouTube they shouldn't
because I'm durable
you got the you've been injured or not
skating for like what six seven years
Wow stuff like that and you killed it
today
alright so Alex do anything that kind of
going better right I've got a surprise
for you k got a surprise for you to make
that session better let's do it and we
just realized Gary fell well we were
filming that shot that session better
let's do it
dunt dunt done what is this Latika bore
bore yeah we are gonna get some mini
board footage on this trip thanks buddy
yeah cuz you broke your last one yeah I
did the only one they had was Tinkerbell
and Disney Princess in my daughter will
love this yeah but you're gonna get a
lot of enjoyment out of - oh sure
alright let's cut to the clip - you
skating what idiot thought it was a good
idea to put plastic on a board and then
the hardware in trucks it's under it
yeah of course do this don't you
remember the roots of skating because I
went to Walmart not that's how I got my
first plastic on yeah I mean all right
well first right Rick will you do
nothing
all right Philadelphia has the best
skate spot of all time in those love
park it's kind of risky to skate there
because you can get tasered and tackled
and punched in the face murdered know
that but I'm gonna skate because I'm
here in Philadelphia like once a year so
we might as well try to get a trick or
two and then we're out
hello hey man what's up we're love park
right now and love park is a stealth
mission you come here Knight you get
your tricks and get out you don't look
very stealth I don't do it
well you got it again right but it was
so good
we were revenged 32 follow me on this
grip at colleague Owens we got lost far
I'm gonna put this on the screen and
you're done
you are gonna get so many people
everyone go to him and say the weirdest
thing possible
hello I'm Nick films the Z Thank You
Bluff Park pizza right we are done
day two of Philadelphia and I am tired
Picchu of Philadelphia I'm tired
oh my gosh where are your the skatepark
to warm up
Oh
oh my god where's port of that Desmond I
hit the fence and rust fell into my
eyeballs let's do this again
Oh
getting first try Alex I want you to do
the ender and I wanted to be weird
I don't want you to tell me what it is
just do the ender okay okay I am ready
for the ender hahaha this is expecting
that trick but the way you landed it was
ridiculous that I did like no I didn't
like that give me give me one of those
Thanks
oh my gosh that was the busiest two days
of my life that was the chaotic we are
avenged 32 we had a lot of fun making it
it was a little bit all over the place
but I hope you guys liked the video and
oh man my videos in your man heard about
videos they're like pictures but they're
like back to back to back to back to
back it's like a story we're talking
about well I'm talking about a cameras
in this it's like a movie but a little
smaller it's like a scrapbook with this
point
you got hit in the face feel okay about
it I bet they're six red oh my god
you
