Alex what up I have a challenge for you
buddy okay okay you know her black
ninjas he sent me this t-shirt okay
what's wrong with his t-shirt it's black
it's black he did no idea that when he
sent me this when I wear red shirt he's
red so I got to do a video but I'm not
gonna wear this so I'm gonna make you
make a video for me okay and he does a
trick called the Rui pulley oh I know
the rolling Pole he doesn't really Poli
you think you can try to reenact the
really pole never done it but I will
gladly attempt it for you all right
it's looking good but I'm pretty sure
that sounded like we were extremely bad
actors but that's just how we talk to
each other yeah we're just stupid while
you explain to us what a really pulley
is dude I was hitch here face right out
of ledge hey props to ninja for doing
this this is crazy
are you bleeding
well he said that what happened right
but that was nice been randomly sent me
shirt I was psyched Donnie he did this
like two three months ago before shred
Kass happened but yeah check out his
channel I'll link it right here boom
yes I just messed up that man you'll
click that area and check out his
channel and subscribe you'll see a lot
of awesome skating and he has some funny
stuff he actually does video parts and
videos where he sings the goofy songs
himself over the footage so check it out
he's a good dude my friends and a really
funny dude a good skateboarder and I'm
gonna say dude if you were time to buy
