it is so windy today dude watch but I
throw a board on the cell baddest oh
then click on
okay I don't know if you'd hear me right
now because it's ridiculously windy
today but this is a weekly shred cast
reminder or did i do a skateboard a
podcast with myself black ninja bass
quiz Doug just tells and josh katz Brian
stop throwing board sorry dude but we
are on at five o'clock pacific standard
time today or eight o'clock in here
midwest if you're anywhere else google
it and find out the time but if you miss
it we're going to upload it onto our
youtube channel so check it out it slide
you can ask questions interact with so
it funny my gosh it'll be the head but
I'm gonna go actually you know what I
might not even be there because its my
anniversary my two year anniversary with
my with my lady so give give us with
your thumbs up even though so I can get
to leave but up yeah so I might be late
for shred Cassie I might miss it if it's
a really good time who knows but uh take
these guys
l
