come on hey come on boy come on come on
come on good boy you had now you don't
even look like you have a face yeah you
had you had to take it off didn't you
yes I had to take it off it's hot and he
looked so dumb it looked amazingly good
it is back this week warming up three
switch tricks and warm up have you ever
skated like on a skateboard which is the
way it feels uncomfortable just left
hand it yeah your left hander skating
now then mr. challenge mr. challenge you
don't know what put a big question mark
on your face right now okay that's
that's what your brains gonna be like
you know what's gonna happen I'm
clueless then it's a dual channel it's a
dual challenge which means what you
people are gonna have it's just two
tricks to trick so pick you 50/50
thank you frontside flip out fakie is
riding backwards on the skateboard
you're gonna fakie Ollie into a 50-50
grinding both trucks and then you're
gonna do a fakie frontside flip out
which is what he means and then you're
gonna do frontside double flip ya after
that anywhere in the park just can't be
fly can't be flat ground like we can't
you see we can't I turn the camera
sideways so the ground looks like it's a
downhill or anything it has to be like
on a Ledge it pops or if you do it
preset wheels you don't do it you're
singing a song boy you're singing a song
on the guitar I hope he fails also so he
only has ten minutes to do it right do
you agree I agree if you do do you so
the wheels you say that did that how
does it feel that you had to walk out
the door just looking so stupid I don't
really care it's Big Papi guys good
let's go do it
hey can you jump no really coming yeah
we gotta do a video on those okay see
you can have this
you can do what I set up and just
assuming I wouldn't happen new role
though you can only do one of your
switch tricks on the box because that's
that that baby box is two to four using
that kind of flat ground to give you one
I don't know yeah sure sure
we're warming up whatever come on get to
what are you doing I'll switch 50 switch
back 50 the box straight down well this
is a good trick
oh my gosh you look you look
can you see through that no that's why I
put holes in it oh you did didn't steal
no that's good thumbs up that was a good
one oh yeah now we didn't know one was
talking about that good job all right
what did you do for your blood around
this switch three flip
oh that's a good thing that's work let's
see that's okay again I faith in the boy
geez Wow Mick pop Orton
I didn't know you had good switch three
Clips better than my regular three
slopes you're really ready to answer
that question I was I was waiting for
that statement trick one more I don't
know nobody wants that so which flips
this restart can you do that clapping I
was very proper your mister sounds you
might does well I'm worried about yeah
you should do it because we're gonna
find all the skateboards in here and
make a tower give me the Deaf skateboard
and you have to write it oh crap that's
to make nine people will see it no yeah
it's gonna be be crazy so let's go final
skateboards travels to
it gets pretty scary it's hot you really
hard don't die Justin right here here
right there's that crazy it's insane you
gotta take this off no that's the cool
thing that was the magic part if it
doesn't a bandaid of life it's the death
skateboard you just have to roll on it
for a few seconds then survive okay why
do you call it the band-aid I don't know
he might die it's going there board's
gonna go everywhere I don't know that
most I've done but I've never I don't
think I've done this many plus weird
things on top oh wait what that's not a
thing is it I don't know maybe if you
guys pull them that's fine dude she's a
ride
no-no-no I didn't count okay see that
wasn't as scary right were you on the
board
oh yeah emotionally I was this is the
type of stuff that like a mom would come
outside and be really mad to see her son
doing was your mom be Maddie right now
probably someone's got to push it
no no no we can do this weave harder for
him than the actual challenge where did
you dig up that fossil graphic coming
out all the momentum has to be correct
okay
that was wrong
one more try we can get them going we
spent too much time on this yes we're
gonna have to challenge somebody else on
the death board sometime
Oh one day the death board returns it'll
be that that would be called do you have
your plasma measuring place what's that
what 10 minute to get your piece of
slicer on 10 minutes two tricks first
one a fakie 50/50 fakie frontside flip
no this is all or nothing
these are we singing a song yes no one
ever loses it sorry I hope he's the one
of the first
Oh charlie don't you think it'd be
interesting if like you're hitting
everything get the phone
I did not mean to do that is it okay you
shattered my screen no I did not
yes I'm pausing 6 minutes and 9 seconds
left
I'm along still on that side you like
didn't stop are you okay no nope I did
nothing to you I did only get one prize
for two tricks though so that's your
punishment
No get get them somewhere else I don't
know if you're facebooking or whatever
you're doing but he's doing is frontside
double flip on that I'm ordering chair
pads in Amazon go whatever you're ready
hit the time I was a terrible person
tastes terrible
Minute Rice
61 try
that sucks dude where you want least
landed yeah whatever that want it right
here
Justin Lana here is a grade-a liar he
didn't do it next try
that was really good dude it looked like
you wanted another high-five program
chases fist are you ready to put your
time
I guess so what's this fourth time so in
here is the skate shop that you would be
getting free wheels from the Shred
quarters calm and here's what you do get
oh it can't be the Brian sucks 20 I'm
not gonna do Brian sucks okay
Brian to make pizza he made me pizza one
time and he tried to kill me as how
did each teacher you try cool huh he did
Carolina Reaper I'm about to tell me
he's getting better
I'm glad you lost pretty good like that
this dude has a YouTube channel that
I'll put right down the info as long as
well as his Instagram but yeah thank you
for coming on dude
thanks for having me we'll miss ya we'll
get a Redemption episode eventually
maybe he'll sing next I do videos here
all the time so we hit the subscribe
button which is right down below if you
want to see more for me and I would like
that I guess I would like that I would
like that if you're happy with it but no
I love making these videos and I
appreciate you watching so you guys have
a great day going skateboard if you can
and if you can't there's a song at the
end of this which I did last week
there's a song at the end of
Brian needs to shave his beard he needs
a shave is
in the morning afternoon it's what he
fears
did she miss me
he'll be a dear that wind places Calvin
don't ya got weird at the end Brides a
deer all the sudden its dear
