so I just discovered something pretty
weird that riding things is hilarious he
gets a toy makes me put in our mouth and
when I throw it with my mouth he thinks
it's really funny oh my gosh all right
why is is funny
oh you just face-planted buddy this is
seriously like fetch with an infant all
right you've been drinking too much so
there you guys go that is our video hope
you guys dug it if you want to see a
little ride in laughing video give this
video a thumbs up because I do have one
more filmed you're really excited but
this our show you guys get a chance to
see him through the tunnel
YouTube's gonna get you buddy whoa no
I'm not doing it
am I just a constant source of
entertainment for you all right bye
YouTube
there you go
oh yeah and then run it into the
furniture that was the next part oh why
you broke it like it completely came off
I'm gonna put it back on you know why
you know why because I love you I love
your face even when you break toys I was
ridiculously easy but I still love you
