Oh
so yes I was me getting pushed in the
fountain and yes I was a little bit
younger at the time and yes to whatever
your next question is unless it was a
bad question then no unless oh my gosh
stop it but what's up guys yes that was
me getting pushed into the fountain and
this was a very old clip you've probably
seen this before if you've been watching
my channel for a while this was in one
of my finest Boober montages a while
back and yeah I totally got pushed in
the mall fountain and this was before
Tom Green did all his mall fountain
diving stuff and I feel like he kind of
caught on when I did this like I did it
and he was like you know what his spider
sense was tingling he was like this is a
good idea i'm gonna take this and i'ma
put on an mtv show so yeah the little
guy that pushed me in is actually not a
kid is my friend Sammy who was 14 at the
time and I was 16 I do believe but he
pushed me in and filmed it and it was an
awesome clip but I got out and did you
see how much water I spilled onto the
floor yeah actly so I was sticking out
like a sore thumb and I was like oh my
gosh i was using the fountain at the
mall i'm probably about to get in
trouble so we booked it out of the mall
and as we were leaving like that we walk
right by a security guard that was like
headed toward the fountain I'm sir it
had some lady buyer so I'm sure that she
was like I'm gonna play a civilian hero
and go telling these kids and they were
like walking and we just walked right by
them they didn't stop and thing like hey
that soaking wet guy probably has
something to do with this but we got out
of the ball and we had to clip and we
didn't get in trouble so all was well in
our lives and this pretty much was my
life during high school just skated all
the time and I did stupid things like
getting pushed into the sounds of the
mall and now that I think about I guess
my life hasn't changed too much but I
don't get pushed into the fountains of
the ball anymore if they even have found
zuv the mall anymore how many times i
guess a founds at the mall anymore oh my
gosh but I'm not doing this video guys
thank you for watching I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you want to see more
classic funnies go down there give this
video a thumbs up and if you want to
stay tuned to my channel hit the
subscribe button wherever it is here on
YouTube and you'll see more
skateboarding skids pranks randomness
whatever the face I come up with I just
got a lot of text messages boom women
tomorrow yo hat I'm gonna go guys
subscribe or die that didn't work it was
supposed to stay on and it was gonna be
dramatic and I'm done goodbye
I was a little younger at the time and
yes I stuttered before I said that
sentence why am I come through in my
hands
you
