here for ol will disconnect grab the
arrow it's like freakin Count Chocula
down here
you
the face it didn't hit me in the arm
Ryan cooed and learning all heel flips
ipod Pam feel better will you do three
high fives for nollie tricks there's a
system to this Ryan
okay guys I'm done skateboarding but
today is shred cast and this is your
weekly shred cast reminder we're doing a
skateboarding podcast five o'clock
pacific standard time and if you're in
the Midwest of me it is going to be
eight o'clock but if you're ever
anywhere else google it we have black
ninja we have bass growth we have josh
katz we have Doug desk tales and myself
where you be talking about crazy things
and Ryan you're not in it but stay tuned
in tuned in and then say welcome shred
cast why are you saying while you say
that cuz I second good good reason oh
yeah if you're watching this video other
than the time that it was uploaded shred
cast is every thursday at five o'clock
pacific standard time but i'm gonna go
do some things that I'm not going to
tell you what i'ma do I think
Oh
