all right I swear Facebook is like a
limited supply of stupid pictures for me
to make fun of in just the other day I
found this gem boom books about famous
criminals were sometimes bound in the
skin of that criminal after their
execution now when I saw this I actually
had faith in human intelligence on
Facebook for a few seconds I was like
all right people are gonna think for a
moment and realize how highly unlikely
that they made books bound in human
flesh of the person that that book is
about but why would people think on
Facebook that's just too much to ask so
I read the comments and sure enough it
was like Oh gross I'm never touching a
book again my book might be bound by my
friend Matt because he killed a dude
once when I was scrolling through I
literally only saw one comment with any
sort of logic in the middle of a Jimmy
was sitting there like oh hey guys I
don't know if you guys thought about
this doesn't make sense one body doesn't
fit like thousands and thousands of
books and just stop and think about how
ridiculous that moment would be after
they got done killing the criminals oh
yeah Hank we actually put that body in
the corner there no work we're saving in
the case of book gets popular about the
guy you know where that will bound the
books in his flesh because you know
that's not weird or anything like come
on guys I just really want to believe
that people actually think about things
before they react to it on the Internet
but now of course they just commented
but like this is the grossest thing ever
like share I mean if people want to hear
about things that are interesting but
not true at all I could do that all day
for you guys drinking a glass of water
before bed increases your chances of
winning the lottery
baby octopi are unable to learn Spanish
people care about Lindsay Lohan I mean I
know it's a lost cause people are always
going to be sharing outlandishly false
things on the internet but you know what
I'm just not gonna stop making fun of it
because these things deserve this but I
did do my research as always and the
only thing that could have used a base
this crazy statement off of is the fact
that in ancient times an early book
publication they actually did use
criminal skin to bound books but this
was very rare and they definitely didn't
have a system set up like all right put
Johnny right there Jimbo right there in
case they get books published about him
they just used criminal skin in general
for all books but like I said this is
rare it didn't really happen that often
if that really grosses you out just stay
away from really really old books okay
you'll be sitting there and realizes
Johnny's like you don't want that you
don't be reading Johnny's leg but there
you guys go thank you for watching go
down there and give this video a thumbs
up if you support intelligence on the
Internet
but I'm gonna go guys I will be back to
make fun of the world one time at
and I gotta make a confession okay this
whole time you guys thought I was cool
looking everything no look I've been
wearing these weird-looking gym shoes
okay I just I had to get this off my
chest so pretty sure guys across the
whole country are getting dumped today
because I wore these shoes so if you got
dumped by your girlfriend at a party
it's partly my fault I apologize I had
to get that off my chest no you guys
thought I was cool looking and then it's
just like it's like oh he's one of those
shoes an idiot and I'm just gonna mumble
and walk off screen and the outro is
gonna happen
you need a piece of Baltimore skin to do
this potion where in the world would I
get a piece of Baltimore skin - oh wait
you know what now yeah I got it yeah a
toe together okay
yeah I'll be over but thank you for
watching my videos guys if you want to
see more from me hit that button right
there that'll subscribe you to my
channel you'll see more skateboarding
skits pranks randomness making fun of
stuff like this video and if you want to
see the last take that world episode is
right down there and that's make it fun
to another picture I saw on Facebook
actually but I hope you guys like this
I'm gonna go I'm gonna jump across this
I'm gonna go to the post office you
didn't even know that but I'm doing it
