and boom that was film burn media here
on YouTube he submitted some stuff to my
get featured on my channel video and it
was actually wasn't the the footage you
just saw it was actually some skateboard
footage that was awesome and it was just
as cool and then he sent me that instead
I was like well this is just amazing but
check him out he has some awesome
skating and awesome videography it's a
really solid skating channel here on
YouTube and you like it so check it out
and subscribe I'm gonna make one of
these dudes do a trick on this bench hey
trick time somebody do a trick
I am actually amazed no one missed that
boardslide we don't been a first try
check out filmer media it's good stuff
we're gonna go stop being idiots right
now you know we're not
you
