what's up guys so I get so many people
asking me about my camera setup and I
have answered the comment like thousand
times so I'm just gonna make this video
and hope it knocks a few your questions
out so yeah I'm sorry that I'm sitting
here in my kitchen but I'm at home today
with the little guy and I'm not in my
office so you have to deal with it but
you know what's more manly than sit in a
kitchen with like an elephant water
pitcher everybody's remove it this
thing's supposed to be alright first
thing is first this is my camera bag it
is black and I carry my camera stuff in
it it's pretty awesome let's open it up
alright first off the bat here is my
camera this is a Canon t3i I've had this
thing for about two years now and has
never done me wrong you want to look at
it this has a stand the standard zoom
once it comes with it it is a 1855
millimeter it's pretty good but if you
want a real end which I haven't upgraded
you're gonna want to get a better class
fixed focal point or you know a nice
glass zoom lens but this is what I've
been rocking and at the end of the video
I'll show you some of the footage that
I've shot with both of my lenses and
you'll just say like you know what
that's not that bad so it does the job
it has an LCD screen oh but that makes
it very convenient you know when you're
filming you know it's right there I also
I usually have a cam caddy which is a
handle for it but I don't actually know
where it is right now a lot of times I
find myself just filming holding it
because I feel like I can I have more
freedom and twisting the camera or
whatnot and it just gives me more play
when I'm filming so but a lot of times I
use the handle but if you are looking to
get a DSLR can I strongly suggest
picking up a handle a cam caddy whatever
you want to do because it just makes it
really easy to film and something that
even if you like to film just freehand
there's always a place for a handle so
pick it up this is kitty litter what you
don't tip it with film with next I will
show you my batteries batteries aren't
as big as camcorder batteries so I have
four batteries ones in the camera two
are here that I have a cheaper one which
is like my backup like when I really
need batteries I use this these are like
the legit Canon batteries like three of
these and they last way longer than
these just because they're quality can I
have three SD cards right now I'd like
to pick up some more I have two 8 gigs
and one 16 gigs and when you're buying
these for HD video make sure they're
fast
these are skin SanDisk Extreme pros at
forty five megabytes a second so those
are like 4 HD video next I have a light
which fastens to the top of your cam
caddy or if you want to free hands like
just sits right on the camera here and
this thing gets right I mean like if
you're filming skateboarding like I do
this just lights up a spot and then also
my second lens this is a Rokinon fisheye
it does does the job I actually had one
before this and I scratched it
unfortunately but I got another one and
they're not that expensive nor $300 when
i film with camcorders i used to have to
go to $600 for a fisheye lens if i
scratched that i would have cried so
they're not that bad and my extra
outside pocket is where I put all my
random stuff I have a steak knife in
case I find a steak skate spots
I have skate tools you know for
obviously if I'm gonna board together
whatnot
I have an air horn to annoy random r
Avengers and then I always tried to have
some revenge stickers and then I have
some Sam Taber stickers right here which
I've been meaning to put on my
skateboard let me do that but yeah so if
you ever see me in a skate spot or skate
park say hey Andy you know stick using
the camera bag and hopefully we'll
sometimes we are just sewing so much
product we run out of stickers and we're
waiting for the next patch to come in
but we're trying to see out to half of
that I promise oh and for all you people
that think I run around with a random
knife in my camera bag I was joking
sadly I have to point that out
because some people would think that I
actually carry a knife with me
everywhere if I did would it be a chef
mate no it would not and for everyone
wondering what I ended on I've always
used Adobe Premiere Pro I'm using five
point five right now and I love Adobe
editing Suites they are awesome so if
you're looking to try a new editing
program definitely try it out it's a
little bit expensive but it's worth the
purchase because you get a lot of use
out of it so just to reiterate guys
here's my setup this is a Canon t3i
it is about 650 bucks you get a standard
zoom lens with it and then if you want a
fish eye and fish eyes about 300 more
dollars this is a Rokinon fisheye and
this is a great deal for $1000
dollars you get this or you just buy the
camera for 650 but I just have to pay
three thousand dollars and then another
six hundred for the lens just for a
camera lens so the the price alone is
worth it but the quality of this thing
gives you is insane like I said all
includes the footage after the outro of
some shots I filmed with all this stuff
and you can take a look at it there you
guys go I hope that answers to many
questions I am going to go I have fooled
you all because despite this button up
and tie I've been totally wearing my
lounge shorts so uh fooled I'll talk to
you in the future guys and invest in a
better airhorn if you guys get one
