YouTube what is up guys so I've jumped
on the bandwagon my fellow youtubers are
all doing sponsor video reviews so I was
like why not I'll do it too so this
video is from 2006-2007 the actual
footage is from like 2003 2006 and I
used to skate way different I used to
have all day to skate and I would jump
down rails and gaps and it was very
entertaining
so I unfortunately I don't do as much of
this type of stuff anymore but it'll
Entertain You now nonetheless there used
to be some epic Blind Guardian song over
it but I don't have the rights to that
so they'll just be no noise with me
talking over given my two cents with
that said let's get to it so this lady
just randomly rolled with this gap and
on skating it and I was having a good
day so I wasn't like annoyed that
someone interrupted my session so she
said she was a nice lady and the
bouncing dog helped I was like oh heck
yeah I can do this gap now and I
actually want to kickflip her back when
I do this gap for my part it's pretty
big that's kind of a weird angle I've
filmed with a fish now here's the local
gap that I've done a few tricks on but I
was really excited about this three flip
it--and touch I didn't care I was like
oh my gosh I'm done with it that desk
was so fun it was like gone the next day
when I was able to get the trigger I'm
pretty smooth I was happy about it
dramatic rolled up k5x in 50/50 I hope I
haven't done that trick since I mean on
boxes yeah hit the face hit the face hit
in the face
I ate it on this rail I actually went
back one time it I did a front board of
the photographer at night I actually I
locked into a front salad like all the
way down for Sun table 16 then right
there was like the one of the best
feelings I've ever felt my life on the
skateboard and that was so scary that I
didn't read it when I double hand touch
that lipslide was like third try I was
excited
if anybody there's weird tricks I always
do with a hot pink board does that give
me bonus points it should here's the
less the longest streak quicker and that
I'll ever do in my life probably I was
really excited how this line came out
like beheld my friend filmed it so we
have crappy lens at the time and it came
out okay okay and that was actually easy
for me that day I have no idea what
right now it would be so hard for me to
back 500 around handrail
this is alley oop I mean I bet you a lot
of people watch that and be like oh it's
not turning the wrong way or anything
that is double I feel like a lot of
people think it's just a regular
backside flip and some of my edits part
because we filmed it on dumb camera that
ledge didn't slide that well looks like
I'm humping the air but when it five fun
I landed and I got the slide I was like
I'm done oh my gosh we did so much stuff
with this fridge
two people died on that trick that night
so that was actually kind of scary but I
rocked it here's my 50/50 front and back
long rail section I guess that's the
biggest back to the video I ever knew
twelve stair and that right there is the
best faithful boy for do I got tweak
it's so good I'm psyched on this rail
it's coming up I was the only one to
ever land a trick on it because I landed
this trick and my buddy came up with
accidentally slipped out and smashed the
window and then everyone ran I was like
okay I'm not skating this and then back
180 downtown double said that was
probably backflip I'll ever do that's in
Huntington Beach California love that
real that was the scariest circle ever
do because it's like two inches off the
ground and we had so much fun with this
green grease fat it was only up there
for like a few weeks but we session did
so much we've got a bunch of tricks this
this uh well I wish I want to land on
that smoother but whatever this came up
front nose I roll into the bushes and
have to turn real fast otherwise it
would have been smooth but I cut it that
was one of my first nose grinds on
handrails really excited about that
that's my only food video live on a
handrail because old footage back live
that's the best hand railings history
that hit that son Wilshire I was getting
all red that's actually on Christmas Day
and I got all these tricks within like
30 minutes I was so excited that's the
best ledge in history that's that's
destroyed now though five-o was a weird
but thing roll away that nose got took
me a long time I had to go back and it
was in Riverside California so it took
me a while to landed a couple years but
three sessions and then BOOM that's my
favorite especially on my friend film
that was my favorite boards that evil
bad I've ever done and Here I am I was
heavy I was like a hundred ninety five
pounds I think but I was somehow managed
to skate gaps like this and I rocked
this three foot surprise me like it look
I double hand touched and then like
spider-man off the wall and I was like
I'm taking it I'm not doing that again
this is kind of sloppy right it yeah I
didn't like that
I thought we didn't a backup mango so I
just did it again perfect the second was
even better and then BOOM
that was a little sloppy I ran to that
bench and I was like god dude like I
just didn't redo tricks I was like I'm
not doing that again
that was the best chemo from immortal
every day on hydro and then I used to
call this over-under hot pink board
again but uh that's probably the tricks
that I could just go and do again
like out of all this whole thing but it
wouldn't be that hard for me and then
the video is done I think it seemed like
four minutes so there you guys go that
was ended a little fast I couldn't
really tell you the stories of all the
clips there
I hope you guys liked it I definitely
don't skate stuff as big as I used to I
don't really have the chance I used to
go to check myself down stuff every day
but now I don't skate a lot I don't have
the chance my body just can't keep up
with it I do once a while and then I
like I can't skate for like two days at
least because I'm go slower but there
you guys go hope you guys liked it if
you do want to see more videos like this
I can always go back and review old
video parts and I could probably make
fun of myself pretty good so give me
give this video a thumbs up if you do
want to see more vids like this and I
will get on it but I'm going to go to
skate park and film some stuff I'm not
going to tell you what it is because I'm
going to be mysterious like that but
thank you guys for watching my videos I
will see you in the future subscribe or
die I thought you're gonna hit me again
take easy guys subscribe or gosh
I so I've jumped on the band BPA here I
get this right did we get B and we get
bumped on the bandwagon I cannot get
that out of my head I said at normal
there to 219 week and van band wagon
bandwagon like this I can always go back
and review all video parts and I can
make fun of myself shake Redemption what
does that say that is that does he say
there yeah all right well that makes me
having face which erst give me watches
for sure
you
