haha I've never I mean I'm sure
someone's done that you know but I'm
sure bunch of people done that but I've
never seen it I think you just got your
own video right wow you got a video you
like that yes I did yeah alright so this
was just supposed to be a simpler shred
cast reminder video but that fall was
too good i think i'm gonna leave this
video online but if you're watching this
right now then shred cast is going to go
live at five o'clock pacific standard
time tonight and then eight o'clock if
you're here in the Midwest of me if
you're anywhere else in the world google
it i don't know but yeah it's a skate
free podcast whoa with me black ninja
fast with doug just tells and josh katz
it's a good time you guys could talk to
us and do all that fun stuff and then go
about your life and if you miss it it'll
be on YouTube somewhere so hey you want
to get our exit knows Manny one needs
all right
tell your hammer it's all right he can
do that trick like nothing he just
doesn't want to be too good right now
but I'm gonna go guys hope you guys like
the footage and I hope you got tuned to
shrink ass if not I will see you in the
future goodbye
