what are you excited about right now
you're gonna mess this board up let's go
see if he's okay with this vote up and
now it's my turn
yeah well let's go by and I'm gonna make
a few bullet why me - well he's here to
work with me today and I thought it'd be
fun to let him draw on your grip tape
got a bunch of paint pens here take
these let's go sit down
one do it on that box on the little box
you're right are you wrote you're done
with this yeah all right
usually this would be a punishment when
you go to town or like for missing
traveling put a paint pen in there yeah
take this how does that stay in there
well what are you gonna draw on you so a
dragon and a dragon
Zelda me no ink there's no green so
that's not a good start then you're off
the hook you can't do okay so what are
you gonna draw first thing is a dry to a
red dragon you draw a big you do
whatever you want this is a like a
bigger red one I think okay this is a
dragon I may be any book he made it up
oh okay so where's the wings wha-what is
this is they don't I got like a kite
string yeah
we got where we were it all right the
dragon evil it's like that's is very
best to take and that just can't okay
well there's a dragon yeah I'll get over
here this is gonna bleed a little bit
more your board is gonna look pretty
special yeah pretty special all right
oh wow that's better I think it's candy
corn it's just a hat on the board
little guy we're in a really big head
this is silver I don't know how well
it's gonna show up no it shows up oh
it's showing give me another hat a piece
of cheesecake would you eat a silver
cheesecake yeah it's my time
that's just your kind of cheesecake it's
a gold it's a fool I'm cheesecake in it
yes you were cheesecake you said it's
silver and cheesecake oh okay here's a
blue one
one more thing okay dudes down here
because I just feel like you've just
drawn two shapes in there dragon so what
is this why not oh okay I can see that
now get water what's above the water oh
he's a shark coming at it right and do
it with the silver do it with the silver
Oh see this is gonna look good what's
that he's coming straight at yeah all
right make it his mouth right here yeah
okay he's is his mouth shut or what do
another one up here
it looks like the bad guy and Nightmare
Before Christmas was your kids arms how
are you gonna escape this stuff that is
hands down the bad guy and I'm here for
Christmas wife is Igor oh why do you
have four arms you ever seen a shark
he's not sure anymore okay your
masterpiece riding a sharp wave that's a
wall of water water a plate oh okay I
get it you guys both got to do a trick
on this shirt ridin you want to show
Brian your new trick were you jumping
around then jump onto other board or it
did it really did you hear that he
doesn't think you can do it moving all
right
oh yeah he's getting better that's
insane
you guy go faster he didn't put it there
you got to go faster get back there
you can't wait this long literally jump
to knows granny oh you're very good you
fell like three times you right well
doesn't fall far from the tree buddy
I love you
you all right yeah oh you are so tough
dude he's eating him
was that hard it was easy right dude he
battled that now you got to do a trick
what I want me to do should do that
trick he didn't do it first shot all
right so this is what he did this is a
dragon this is a hat with a guy this was
a shark with arms and legs just like
this talent for this answer and this is
cheesecake second try good job
that was your first one ever what was
what what what oh yeah no problem buddy
you did good does that that distractions
you used to it
oh I kind of got used to it honest
Ethel's of you way more distracting it
looks distracting but well I'm gonna
switch out my board all right whenever
you like ruined my board or draw
something on the board I switch X I feel
like I'm gonna care about this board a
lot more in 20 years
oh yeah did you get save it as a
keepsake thing that's good it's got some
sense so you've made a memory buddy
Ryden actually just did a spicy chip
video on his channel so I'll put his
channel right in the in phone it just
popped up somewhere on the top of the
screen check that out but thank you guys
for watching I do videos here all the
time here so click the subscribe button
below the video if you want to see more
videos for me and I'll be back tomorrow
with where else Wednesday Justin Lana
Kerr he's coming up yeah and we are
about to leave for Gatlinburg so that's
cool about time you watch this it's
we're back bring me spikes of things I'm
gonna bring you a lot of space things
you know I love you
all right bye buddy everyone op bye
you're staying with me but bye YouTube
we're like 20 and I'm like 100 I can
like look at this board like you made
that one in your 5 he'll be able to draw
better then baby
