you've been lied to your whole life now
I'm just kidding guys
paper-rock-scissors does not make sense
but I'm still just kidding but this
isn't update with you guys we're talk
about life in everything that's going on
and you either watch or don't watch if
you don't watch go play farm city or
mine time or whatever video game you
play on internet or don't play a video
game play uh go play checkers ones lots
of you play checkers probably years does
that think so exist but I'm gonna get
right to it guys cuz I'm in a little bit
of a rush today okay I got to get home
so uh
first thing is first I recently did get
featuring my channel thing where you
guys show me your videos and I pick some
and feature more each channel well
someone made the coolest video ever and
here's a little snippet of it for you to
watch how awesome was that I saw that
now he's just like touched I was like
you know you can't help but watch that
be like oh my gosh
this person did this about me and I was
completely honored and that's awesome so
this is my YouTube user looked
downstairs and he has a lot of good
stuff like this he has a really talented
artist on his channel so check it out if
you like that the link will be right
down there and I just wanted to person
say thank you that was awesome and I was
really psyched to see riding in it -
I've made my day you are the best dude
it's raining wheels so some of you
probably already know but last weekend I
was in Philadelphia to film where we are
events 32 which will be out in two to
three weeks don't ask
and then our full-length revenge video
which would be out later this year and
it was completely productive like we
were - 32 is basically done and we even
got tricks for our parts so I was like
oh my gosh anytime I get a clip for our
full-length video I just feel like I'm
like Tony Stark Iron Man The Hulk like
everything I'm like heck yes I just did
work today
and also I made a ton of awesome people
like every spot we went to we ran into
people and they were just like warm and
welcoming and it was it was just awesome
so if I met you there's too many people
to name but it was awesome meeting
hanging with you guys and like
Philadelphia as a whole it just feels
like a really cool skate scene it's
easily my favorite skate city and I had
a good time stuff I ran into you you
rock and it was nice to meet you
I actually might be going back next
month so uh I'll let you guys in
there'll be a different update video but
I
really want to hit some more tricks for
my part in Philadelphia so I'm gonna go
back I think you talk too much and I
actually have some throwaway clips from
this trip going up this weekend I do
believe it's nothing crazy but it'll
Entertain You but if you've been
subscribed to Alex you've actually been
seeing some clips of me and some throw
away Philly clips on his channel so if
you're not subscribed to Alex go do so
they'll be a link right down there and
you'll be thankful he's been doing like
a video every day lately and it's been
really rockin so uh support out
tributing he rocks he's my brother
now when it comes to revenge rule we are
rockin still I cannot thank you guys
enough for all the support you've given
us and I know I'm a broken record I said
that every video but I mean it so I'm
gonna continue saying it so ten years
from now what I'm saying thank you guys
are the best I still mean it okay and I
will threaten you I will just be like I
mean it until you believe that I mean it
because I do mean it and now you're just
confused what am I saying how or no but
for real in all honesty we have some we
have two new graphics could be other
works hopefully those will be out in a
month or so watch out for those and then
we have hats coming we have sunglasses
coming those should be out in next month
or definitely May because we're gonna
have some more project we gotta keep
stuffing news so stay tuned when I have
them I'll do videos and I'll show up to
you
like I'll hold them in the video your
bike oh that's what that looks like I
also want to say thank you to everybody
who watches shred casts and that's a
skateboarding podcast that I do and for
those of you do not know but most of you
probably do but it's been growing so
much lately last time I was on it which
was two weeks ago because I missed last
week cuz I was in Philly we had 750 live
viewers and that is a ton for a live
podcast so that is really awesome when
we've actually been in the talks of
getting some new guests on we was not
been talking to Manny Santiago hopefully
we can get him on and then Steven
Fernandez baby scumbag said that he
wanted to be on so uh stay tuned it's
growing and it's awesome so I want to
thank everybody watching it if you do
want to check it out every Thursday at 5
o'clock Pacific Standard Time if you're
here the Midwest with me it's 8 o'clock
and this is Thursday so there will be
one tonight and I will post a little
notification video reminding you guys
but now I'm gonna go to the other side
frame and do a different part of this
video well waving my hand like an idiot
a couple things well wrap this up guys
my book I'm working on it I'm talking to
people that are gonna publish it and I
hope to have it out with one at a month
or two or three definitely not more than
three I have no idea why I would take
longer than that but it's happening and
I actually want to do something that I
don't typically do I wanted to give a
shout out to Brandon Millsap
I just
say thank you for watching my videos bud
and keep on truckin man you gotta keep a
positive attitude and you will rock this
buddy and on that note I'm gonna say
something super cheesy that a positive
attitude could be your best weapon in
any situation and you're gonna be like
Andy I'm not sitting in school reading
some cheesy book why did you just tell
me that because it freakin works how
about that so put that in your Easter
basket cruelest but I'm done guys thank
you for watching my video if you want to
see more videos hit the subscribe button
wherever YouTube has it because they
honestly make a like a new YouTube every
two months it's ridiculous but uh thank
you for watching on my exit I'm going to
use a samurai sword and chop a bottle of
Elmer's glue and I have no idea why I
own this like who has Elmer's glue other
than elementary schoolers I don't know
but I'm gonna chop it yeah probably a
bad idea
didn't do anything got it you gotta give
me some credit that was really good
Aimee and I didn't slice my desk in half
because that glass would've broke even
though there's a towel there's a towel
now say goodbye
that's it Oh is he how creepy that was I
can do it again I can just keep doing it
I guess you keep doing it by the water I
won't that roller is gone I got to go
get that roller now next time be like
where is that roller like it's like oh
it's on the other side the room cuz you
threw it you idiot so you probably know
but I was in Philadelphia last week my
voice I was in Philadelphia last weekend
the storms were coming down like crazy
I've talked to raining cats and dogs and
why do I do this like this
I don't know I just I just felt like I
sounded like a news broadcaster
broadcaster really big more than more
than so I feel right now I'm just
kidding all right man all right man my
homers blue why do you exist like it
literally felt like it was just the
scapers Brian Eames Brian Brian you're
ruining a YouTube clip right now because
you shouldn't be calling me I'm filming
a video yeah well I'll tell you tube
you're sorry
you
