I would like to start this off by saying
thank you to the Internet okay because
without the internet I cannot show you
videos like this I could show you
hilarious things to watch on second
thought maybe you should be the ones
thankful because I can totally just
watch it on my computer you'd be the one
staring at blank screens or something so
maybe I'm not that thing for any more
actually I'm totally thankful because
grumpy cat is here on the Internet my
mind was just blown no it wasn't no it
wasn't put the clip you just saw was
actually pretty oldest of a friend of
mine I grew up skateboarding with him
and he still skates this day but I'm
gonna let him remain nameless because of
the clip but I go easy on him regardless
he fell victim to the curse of
skateboarding now this happens to the
best of us k you look at a skate spot
that you should not skate but your brain
is like hey man you totally could nail a
chick on this somehow and it does work
out for the best sometimes you know you
land some creative trick and you're like
heck ya I'm gonna go reward myself with
some sour patch kids but other times it
does not work that way and you end up
doing something dumb like falling into
sewage okay so I know it wasn't actual
sewage water but he was still like pond
scum build up junk from the creek
regardless I have no idea how my friend
looked at this pipe and thought you know
what this is going to go positive i'm
not going to just you know slide in this
nasty creek water oh I mean I'm sure
he's trying to roll back and forth and
have some fun but the thing wasn't that
wide okay so is one that's gonna be hard
and rule of thumb if you're rolling
through sludgy nasty slippery Creek
water you were done you're gonna slip
your wheels are gonna slip your feet are
gonna slip your face is gonna slip you
were slipping and you're gonna go in
that water that's just how life works at
least for me and I feel kind of bad
because all of my funny clips you know
of dumb mistakes in the past have been
with my friends and not me like I feel
like I'm due to go do something stupid
so I can make fun of myself here on the
Internet you know what I'm actually
think that maybe I should go to the
sewer and tried because if I land it
then boom I just did something pretty
pretty weird maybe not awesome but if I
fall it's gonna be a good clip right so
could I give it a thumbs up if I hit
2,000 thumbs up I will go and try this
probably should have said that and why'd
you just turn off if I probably just got
myself in trouble there but hey I'll
hold true to my word okay guys but thank
you for watching I'm going to go and
here's a little secret this hair really
sucks today go back and watch this video
again you'll be like yeah that hair is
totally stick it up so I'm going to fix
it not going to cut it off like I did in
one video I'm going to tape it to my
head girls usually like a guy that takes
care of themselves like that like
they're gonna see this be like you know
what he cares about is here I'm gonna
date him yeah I'm gonna date him all day
but you can't because I'm engaged so
deal with that thank you guys for
watching subscribe or die
just like this one you know things that
are just funny to watch you might be
wondering why I smack myself in the face
in so am i I want to start this off by
thanking unity yeah yeah DNA thinking in
there good who that unity this image my
food about that time uh there I want to
start this off shhh
you
