youtube what is up guys so i was really
psyched on the clips you just saw i did
the hey get your videos feature to my
channel and daniel paul kelly submitted
that as as a submission and I Washington
I was like this is exactly the type of
stuff that I want to promote because
it's just it's kind of like what I do
you know it's like it's skating mix with
some goofy stuff and it's really
entertaining so aside from great content
he actually has a really good online
personality as well he doesn't know
talking bits and it kind of sucks you
and you're like well I'm totally
interested in what this dude is saying
but if you just want the skating I mean
there's obviously there's good skating I
mean saw the Denali back double heel
blunt kickflip out it is good stuff and
I just I'm really psyched to promote
this guy because you can just tell he's
having a blast with his friends and that
is what skating is all about right so I
check them out the be a link right down
there and at the end of this video click
its and subscribe to his channel and
you'll thank me you'll be like any you
know what I'm gonna send you a postcard
because I'm liking what I'm seeing so
I'm gonna go I am going to throw this
tape behind me and I'm going to walk up
away I'm gonna walk away I just forgot
to throw the tape gosh look the tape
you
