you
are you kidding me you guys are
seriously still in here from when I left
you last time what is up guys i just got
back from Philadelphia and had an
awesome weekend but uh filmer Brian Ames
sent me these classic clips of him and I
was like you know what I'm gonna put
them online for you guys to watch so
what did you do and get that no don't do
that cat but yeah these clips are about
three years old from we lived in New
York and yeah i did a power slide to
semi shove it how awesome was that I was
really psyched on that trick but I hope
you guys liked it I have more videos
coming this week and you'll definitely
see some throwaway philly clips before
the end of the week we had an awesome
time but i'll do an update with you and
i'll tell you all about it and that
would be fun so uh I'll tell you guys in
the future and you want to say subscribe
to die otter all right kind of weird
you
