YouTube what is up guys for those of you
who are new to my videos and haven't
seen this face well then fair warning
this video is about to get pretty weird
for those of you who have been watching
well then you already know what to
expect so let's do this this is funniest
bloopers montage 9 Shh
I just realized I probably batata right
there you know go on boom bam bam bam
why did I do that this video is weird
enough I don't need to do that but it's
movement at night
you know with testicles getting struck
by a skateboard out of the way that is a
very weird thing to say I'm gonna reword
that that's what I'm gonna do
every one of you guys if you want to uh
if you want to speak words that are
correct your your punishment Andy is a
face to your keyboard face you keyboard
keyboard my face no no I actually
brought my face to my keyword that was
correct this was gonna come this fast
and I haven't had a lot of time a long
time I haven't had a lot of time I
haven't had a lot of time I have it
something I had a large time what you
have it that's true - I haven't had a
lot of time so are any of you people out
there bummed you're not a Jedi then you
again you can't use you did something
right for once Andy idiot but also I
wanted to fill you in I guess you got in
Philly any guys fill you in the guys fun
guys feel you in a guy's that sounded
wrong so I'm sorry
so by the chance that want that full
clip so if the off shit I'm gonna put
this stupid clip in here this is what
happened like I can't even get past the
first three words I spit right there -
I'm gonna be honest about that gosh you
are a screw up Andy I'm just kidding I
would never hit you guys in the face of
the camera or mic what what did I just
say it was okay you know you saw the
subscribers would you give me a weird -
the Weiner Clips out of the way I'm here
to talk about something actual
consistency of the of the simplicity
when I reproduce the the batteries to
make cupcakes what that could have been
bad and broke Baltimore's face why am i
singing I just don't know
no and space don't rhyme I don't even
say space I said face Baltimore space
not space gosh wow that hurt they're
gonna just pull a cup and smash it into
your head like that down like that it
hurts it does pop it's mildly
uncomfortable I'm a man so nothing that
hurts you know I'm saying I'm a man I'm
a man ohh man chipotle cuffs don't hurt
and while this the actual video doesn't
get Benny because get my tech money not
that don't say that because
would be that would form a proper
sentence you freaking strength trick
using like I can't believe I'm here at
ninety thousand I want to say I want a
burp my gosh really something gross
episode ever I Spit I just burped on
action in the middle of a sentence like
all the girls are gonna just stop
watching both of them the two girls that
are watching this right now they're back
this guy's just disgusting I'm done I'm
gonna go watch cute hamsters run on
treadmills what are you looking at moon
on Facebook and then my friend bike oh
my my my Co what water fight my computer
my my freakin Johnson's baby powder when
you have it you have it in it this on
the podcast read cast before the podcast
read guests just say that back to back
podcast read cast get cast fast and
furious and nothing I'm done god baby
powder on it and I'm gonna do it again
baby powder
oh my clothes though they had no more
baby powder well think that it would
shatter oh my gosh I probably breathing
this in I'm probably cutting my lungs
over right now you know I'm gonna and
I'm gonna be the dude on the TV show
like hey you think vlogging is cool
talking at your computer desk well look
at this guy he took a samurai sword to a
freaking printer brewed thin glass and
now he sucks everything
he looks really stupid the thing is I
can make myself look even stupid all
right
I get I could talk like this and show it
choppy words symbols fractions sentences
division multiplication multiplication
multiplication stop Andy you're an idiot
