guys we want revenge season four is here
finally okay this one's gonna be a
little different this is 100%
skateboarding all the time no goofing
around serious skateboarding no time for
anything else but I will revenge season
four it came after 300 right in the
model are you kidding me right in the
mud we're not gonna goof around at all
are we literally surrounded by concrete
here we are the very first session of we
are avenge season 4 this is a magical
moment are you magical I'm pretty
magical pretty magical like a unicorn
here at a Middletown skateboard we
haven't been here since we are avenged
17 we're gonna do some shred boarding
right guys let's do this where's my
skateboard oh well then here pass it
with a touchdown pass okay dude not over
the car oh that was a good catch - dude
let's go skate do you want revenge let's
be in the montage
yeah switch
Oh
you all right and you just hit your face
again my head's throbbing you're
bleeding
Tommy concussion you probably don't if
you your face sit down before we all die
geez okay I don't you hit your face
really bad yeah we're all gonna die by
the time we leave here we're all dead
come on victory time
I've never done that before let me see
that that was not a flip to be friends
with you in being so me can you be nice
for once in your life sure love you oh
my gosh that board transfer thing was
amazing you're like a Jedi Master thank
thank you but I'm not a Jedi Knight
there's no Jedi anybody on revenge are
you serious yes there is there's no Jedi
on revenge yeah yeah there totally is
there's not an idle moment you look at
this ready
okay all right you were right I was
wrong
yeah that was pretty impressive though
let's just warm up and go Street skate
you freaking wrong prove ur all right
that sucks
first Street spot failure because
someone has stolen the coping off of
this legend it feels like we're in a
zombie och town this is a TV
yeah
this is glue on this ledge and you know
slip through it ironic huh ironic
we are the famous do banks
I was broken too
this was a fun session this should be a
good episode man yeah it's too bad max
wasn't here though he would love like he
would love to skate this transition I
wonder what he's doing
I know exactly sorry he's on a Wally
boardslide how would you know that he's
doing the Wally boards do you not know
he's doing is not doing a wall you're
just doing a wall the odds of him
drunkenly boardslide I have to show you
again he's doing a Wally boardslide oh
my gosh I'm done doubting you in your
magic phone you win I know you will I
win episode over
does anybody Carol I hit my face
yesterday
I don't know man it's just like I'm so
many people are into the series now that
I'm just stressed like I feel like I'm
gonna disappoint people if I don't make
a good episode you know I think don't do
it I've had a bastard
you
