this is the P bomb ready ridin that was
weird another one this is a double P
bomb Wow alright this is the quadruple P
ball Spyros eat it eat the Spyros owe me
the spirals you want to eat it what does
it sound like pop up that's how dear the
time goes yeah love you say bye say bye
there you go oh it's good I love you
what's up guys so yes another ridin
video was due so I threw this together
that was me feeding him the other night
and I was a little hesitant to post this
because I feel like this is kind of a
like a mild ridin video it's just
literally like how him and I hang out
all the time we were goofing around like
that so if you like this just the same
as the other ones give this video a
thumbs up but I will either way I'm
gonna try to make the next riding video
extraordinaire because he's got some I
feel like he's got some cute built up
inside that he hasn't let go of yet so I
don't know but I hope you guys like this
I'll be back tomorrow with another video
and I'll see you guys in the future
denied oh did I did not I faked yeah you
play with it play with it yeah okay
alright alright that's what YouTube
looks like when riding as camera good
bye guys
