what's up guys so I'm making this video
to tell you that I need your footage I'm
gonna start featuring a bunch of you
guys on my channel here and there and
I've been doing it but i need some
ammunition so I want you guys to come up
with your 10 best tricks or whatever
funny clip it can be whatever it doesn't
have to be skating but keep it under
like a minute I'm in and a half and post
as a video response to this video and
I'll start going through them and if I
want to feature you on my channel i will
message you here on youtube but dude
send me your footage if you guys can
send me the actual file which you'll use
a site we transfer calm it's really easy
that would be better worst case scenario
i have to download it off youtube but
yeah so post your videos as a video
response to this video and I'll look
through them and I want to show the
world you guys that deserve to be showed
upon I can't talk give me your footage
guys and I will show you all the scrap
footage that we got today here skating
and I will see you guys in the future
goodbye
whoa sorry I was hoping you just like
kind of go that way but you did it no
you got it
oh and don't do anything weird I don't
want to see your aunt naked juggling
like a dead cat or something LD that
would be disturbing so don't do it okay
keep it keep it safe keep it secret Lord
of the Rings Gandalf goodbye
