you too but what is up it is that art
griptape art time-lapse with JP again
what is this like the fourth ribbon
fourth one we've done third third third
and a half one we've done we're gonna
groove this skateboard right here and
I've got some paint pens and he's gonna
draw Iron Man okay yo new Iron Man sure
with a pulsating beam you know I got
some glue for that it's gonna be it's
gonna be awesome
hang in there let's do it what is that
face Casey can't say it on your dick yes
Oh super secret hey put turn it around
they're so frustrated that's blurred out
right now we got a skateboard
we got an artist let's go okay we got
that guy we got a bunch of new
skateboards we've got a door we've got
another door we have a tree we got a guy
walking through a door we've got always
we have a YouTube video being made so
here we are this is where my my couch in
my office and this random table is where
JP has always drawn this stuff this is
the parody on Mortal Kombat has the
horror vive team all of our faces there
and then I'm fighting
Aaron Kyra and he drew it he created
that and then that was on skateboard
yeah you're gonna draw Iron Man which is
nothing at all all to do with normal
combat on that but still cool very cool
yeah but okay so yeah just get it I got
a bunch of new paint pens which
hopefully we're gonna keep these because
the last ones I don't know where they
went
it's been a while it has it's been a
long time yeah so uh yeah he's gonna
make it look awesome and I'm gonna do a
cool time-lapse throw some music over it
and it's gonna be really cool product
you ready for this ready take it away oh
and you guys will totally get a chance
to possibly win this this very depth
that were that he's about to make and
just takes you in toward the end for
that now drop time our art time it's
Beauty time
look at that horse
do you know talking when I say that oh
wow if you're gonna see a really good
YouTube video here and sing it here it
is amazing as always
you did such a good job dude thank you
this sucks that we're gonna give this
away or you're gonna give this away
because I want this to my wall this is
so awesome
iron man is the the man look at him
furious so if you want a chance to win
this his channel popped up right there
right next to his hand
go click that and subscribe to his
channel when it's the end when he hits
ten thousands of drivers he's gonna give
this away he does a lot of awesome
content with his art there it is right
side up he does a lot of graphics for a
vibe he's super talented he does the
pancake and tech stuff this is just a
mastermind when he grabs hold of a
pencil poacher comes out Wow all right
no but hisses you can use it seriously
does he actually you have some really
cool skating too because learning some
tricks learning some tricks going
through the struggle so yeah do that
and congratulations to whoever
eventually wins this that's really
awesome
yeah that's it thank you for doing this
dude oh thank you five I'm gonna go do
some actual skateboard thanks for
watching though if you guys want to see
more videos just see the subscribe
button right down below it signs you up
read it and we'll see more videos from
me the mainly check out JP you guys have
a great day go skate if you can I have
not play a video game about
skateboarding I don't know
look at a guy that's lactose-intolerant
