Wow I'm not gonna lie that would suck a
lot I mean really when you're afraid of
a trick you're like all right what's the
worst that can happen okay and you
imagine a few scenarios that could suck
but you really wouldn't imagine that you
know you think you're gonna like slip
out on your board when you land back on
it or like stick on the ground or
something but you don't imagine you're
gonna fall before you get to the trig
that's for sure I mean he really slammed
hard you don't hear the thud when he
hits the bank but you know this stuff
happens to the best of us so good on to
give this video a thumbs up if you're
man enough to say yeah that's right I
fall into a bank like an idiot and I'm
proud of it but I'm sure you recognize
this guy this is justin nelson AKA gel
he is a longtime friend of mine and he
he fell and he got back up to tries
trick which was a switch big spin on the
hip and he tried her a few times but he
stopped he was like you know what I just
got busted up on that fall I'm done and
he can't actually do tricks he doesn't
just fall into banks i'll post some
footage after the outro which i'm not
sure why the outro is that way but check
it out and then i'll put a link to his
clothing companies youtube channel down
in the info check that out they do a lot
of skate edits that are awesome they do
some like music stuff some art stuff and
it just I mean you watch it you're like
this is sweet i wanna go eat chipotle
and i have no idea what those haven't
counted but they're both awesome so
you're gonna be psyched thank you for
watching my video guys I'll see you in
the few to the chair subscribe or die no
I've got to leave sorry
Wow
