on my last trip to California my friend
Christian oft aka rat-faced came with me
for three days of straight skateboarding
and I saw him absolutely destroy any
place we went at the end of my trip I
promised myself I was gonna make this
because more people need to know about
this dude he has immense talent he's
tough as nails and he uses a passion for
skateboarding and everything he does
everything you're about to watch happen
in those three days and he did it all
with no more than three hours of sleep
each night so watch this and like it
this is Chris Joe Toft and he is 100%
skateboarder
that was so stupid in a good way
what's this that wasn't good enough
alright Jamie Thomas why do you think
you're getting a high five right there
red face I'm not get are you into it
again that one was alright right now
I'll give you a high five
hahaha thanks for watching guys if you
like this please share it and get
Chris's name out there because he
deserves so much more in the
skateboarding world and I definitely
want to see his name on a board one day
he has what it takes and he's a really
good friend as well so uh thank you for
watching click the like click the share
button show it to your mom your uncle
your aunt and then that weird guy that
lives no don't show it to your your guy
lives on the street but everybody else
completely showed to head over to Metro
Scannell which is linked right there and
he actually has a video part coming soon
on their channel so watch out for that
so make sure you subscribe to him I'll
see you guys in the future good bye
