alright so memes are just pictures with
tidbits of information are one of the
best things that I've ever happened to
the internet you know you're sitting
there relaxing and you see a picture of
words you read it you're like oh my gosh
I completely relate to that and you
laugh and then you keep scrolling in
life is just completely amazing and
awesome well that's usually how it goes
for me but every once a while you see a
picture that makes you go wait what like
the one I've been seeing lately boom a
human body can bear only 45 dells of
pain but a time of giving birth a woman
feels up to 57 dells of pain what now
I'd like to start by saying I'm not
talking trash on women who give birth
okay that's not the issue with this I
have complete respect for anyone who has
given birth and I'm sure it's something
I just can't comprehend how painful it
is for a woman to have a natural birth
my issue with this me more graphic or
whatever you want to call it is that
it's idiot it contradicts itself I feel
like anybody with a brain can read that
be like a no clearly that does not make
sense so a human body can only bear up
to this much amount of pain all right
but when a woman is giving birth boom
she endures this much okay what does
that make her not human what is she a
monster a Jedi a freakin Pokemon master
let's break this down okay the human
body can bear only up to 45 dells of
pain okay logically when you get above
that 46 47 you are done you're toast you
are Voldemort in book seven so with that
said that would mean when a mom hits 57
when she's giving birth she is dead she
is dunzo that is just not true there are
moms everywhere I go who wrote this like
a six-year-old it gonna simply word this
better okay they could have said the
human body can bear up to 57 dells of
pain but all men and women who have
converted or down here because they suck
I've been completely fine with that now
I get why people post this photo but I
just want to see one person that posted
and says hey this doesn't make sense but
I'm gonna post it anyway because I love
my mom I would be so psyched on that
person I'd be like you know what that
does a smart dude or dudette I'm gonna
like this and share it and pat him on
the back of your life because I don't
just sit on the Internet honestly though
this whole thing makes me want to make
one up that's just completely stupid and
see if I get a pass for all the internet
this box holds a maximum of ten krantz
but my grandpa fit 12 in chef you love
your grandpa keep scrolling if you don't
I'm not done making fun of this guy's if
you feel me go down there and give this
video a thumbs up for the few of you out
there who are outraged and think I'm an
idiot and think this graphic is can put
legit I've actually done some research
and discovered that this is completely
fabricated Pony fact there's actually no
sign
measurement of dell for pain and if you
really don't believe me I've linked an
article below of a dude making fun of
this as well but I will be back to make
fun of the world one time at a time in
the meantime I'm going to go and I'm
gonna juggle until I mess up you put Bob
Arum a prayer of a prayer Ribeira my
messed up totally messed up that was
born that was really born
mothers are pokemon masters and guys
they suck 45 tales of pain that ain't
nothing mothers are Jedi's at heart the
deal with childbirth while men are in
the quarters wishing they had a light
saber saber I wish I had strapped my
gosh thank you for watching my video if
you want to see more hit this right here
that will subscribe to my channel and
get more weird stuff like this
skateboarding skits pranks all the stuff
that I just listed but if you want to
see the last take that world episode is
boom right there and I am going to go
film another video I'm gonna walk over
there I'm gonna film another video now
you know what I'm doing you privacy
invaders
you
