YouTube what is up guys so I'm doing an
update video can you get out of the way
I'm trying to skate I'm doing an update
video update video gives your desk dude
not at the skate park
alright so I think I'm done getting
kicked out of the skate park but I
wasn't lying this isn't update video I'm
gonna talk about my life revenge my life
I am er no I'm not gonna talk about a
hammer ironically enough the first thing
I'm gonna show you is a clip from the
skate park I just got kicked out of I
believe this isn't a video but because
of me screwing up and editing I got cut
off and you didn't get to see this so
this is me trying a 720 double flip and
it went wrong I got hit in the gonad
just really what happened a little bit
so if you have seen that full clip in
one of my videos and I don't remember
I'm sorry that you had to watch it again
but this is an update video where I can
repeat clips and the world keeps
rotating life goes on
so with all skateboards and winter shots
out of the way I'm here to talk about
something real
I hit 90,000 subscribers here on YouTube
and I know I sound like a broken record
every time I do one of these videos but
how does a lot of people like oh my gosh
I cannot believe that many people will
click the subscribe button but like yeah
I want to watch this guy act like an
idiot on the internet and that means so
much to me um I just want to of course
thank each and every one of you I am on
other YouTube videos and other channels
and I see people arguing back and forth
and being rude and for the most part I
have some of the best nicest supportive
Watchers in the world so thank you each
and every one of you even the doubtful
Rick that's back there on the couch
playing Gameboy it's kind of you know
he's not super nice but he watches the
videos like I'm gonna thank him too but
ninety thousand brings up the next mile
mark which is a hundred thousand and I
made a promise to you about 100 thousand
so I'm going to switch to other side of
the frame and talk to you about that my
book I told you guys that at a hundred
thousand subscribers if I didn't have a
publishing deal or agent I would publish
the book myself well I'm gonna stay true
to that I didn't do a lot of querying to
agents of publishers I didn't have a lot
of time and I didn't think 100,000
subscribers was gonna come this fast but
I don't want to push it any longer
because I'm not gonna have any more time
this year with raising my son and all
the revenge work doing video is planning
a wedding all that stuff is just gonna
be a nightmare so I just want to publish
it and let you guys read it and
hopefully you know if it does well on my
own terms
publishing company will come be like a
will sell your book yeah I do want to
say that I firmly believe in this book
guys I was in a low spot in my life and
I sat down I was like I'm gonna write my
life story out and it's it's not a 100%
accurate representation there are some
small things change but it's basically
my story growing up and I feel like
anyone going through a hard time or just
growing up in general or you know just
want to read in a dramatic book I feel
like they can take something from this
so anyone that does buy it you know
reads it lets a friend borrow to read it
like I truly appreciate any support guys
it means a lot
watch out for it I will have more videos
on this as it gets closer to publication
it'll probably be in the spring that
it's available but you will be hearing
more about its oh and I wanted to say
that my friend Sam Tabor I let him read
it
and he did a review on it I was like wow
I was pretty awesome but if you want to
hear his thoughts on the book there'll
be a link to that video at the end of
this video
and speaking of this video I'm gonna go
to the next segment of this video and
it's probably on the other side of this
frame you thought I was gonna say video
again but I was not juggling um Joe : oh
my gosh revenge revenge is doing so well
and I wanna I know I'm thanking you guys
left it right this video but seriously
anyone who's supporting revenge by index
buying shirts whatever you know watching
our videos thank you so much
it is amazing we're getting a warehouse
this year it's we're expanding in a lot
of ways and it's not a quick process so
unfortunate us out like hey let's get
warehouses to go move there tomorrow but
it is happening because we're growing so
fast like we just need more space and
with that I'm gonna definitely have a
little skate section in it don't worry
about that I'll be doing a lot more
videos because like I'm gonna have skate
stuff where I work it's gonna be the
best thing ever so I just want to say
thank you guys we have we're working on
some spring stuff right now and actually
since we're expanding and like going
through a lot of funky stuff right now
it might be a little weird for the next
few months but I promise you it's gonna
it's it's gonna be good my gosh
2013 is a good year for revenge and
you'll be happy to know that we're
currently working or we are avenge
season four we've already been out a
couple times going for it and it's
coming along grandly that's not a word
you idiot I'm not gonna say win but I
will say soon is that when soon you will
see another wheeler avenge so hang in
there guys and I get that question all
the time it is coming we're actually
going to Philadelphia next week to film
for the full length and we're gonna try
to knock another we aren't revenge out
while we're out doing that so hopefully
that comes together
speaking of the full length I'm actually
kind of worried about that because I
just I'm hoping I get enough time to
actually film for my part I don't get a
lot of chances to Chuck myself down
stuff or you know try a technical trick
all day and it's it's stressing me out
because it's gonna be a busy year but
I'm gonna do my best and I know the
other guys are gonna kill it so it's
gonna be it's gonna be a cool video I
just can't wait till it comes together
and it's out and we finally have a video
outs but outside revenge in my book I've
been busy doing what I normally do I
don't know how many people have noticed
but I've been doing a video every single
day recently I was talking to Aaron Kyra
the other day and he was like you should
try doing daily videos and I was like
alright I'll give it a try just to see
like what effect it has on my channel
and honestly the effect it has on me
it's just it's kind of weird in my head
like I feel like in my brain said Andy
no matter what you do if you do a video
every single day there's no way they're
gonna be all entertaining and quality
but I mean everyone's like the comments
are great I feel like it's the same
content but there's just like this
little voice in the back of my head it's
like I don't know it's just weird for me
getting used to but I hope you guys like
it if you do go down and give this video
a thumbs up I'm gonna keep it up as well
as I can you know I obviously I have a
family life and I do with that but I've
been making it work and still having a
life so that's cool
but I gotta start wrapping this up guys
videos to come like I said I'm working
on my revenge season 4 so that's gonna
premiere soon and my next party is
pranks I have been horrible pranks I did
one in December but my gosh I just need
to get some more out there and I've been
promising you cakes to face three
forever now but I talked to Alex and
like the second week and get a good
weekend day that we're off and we're not
filming from our revenge we're gonna go
and get it done so within the next month
you better see cakes the face three
because I am really really ready to get
back on my prank wagon or what that was
the dumbest thing my prank wagon really
I gotta go guys thank you for watching
my videos
19,000 subscribers is so much thank you
I will keep making these for you guys
and I will see you at another 90
thousand and five hundred and seven
hundred million subscribers I'm done I'm
done oh my gosh I'm done
subscribers hi
so I'm sorry so by the chance that what
that full clip so if the auction I'm
gonna put this stupid clip in here this
is what happened like I can't even get
past the first three words I spit right
there - I'm gonna be I'm gonna be honest
about that gosh you are a screw up Andy
with you know with tests schools getting
struck by a skateboard out of the way
that is a very weird thing to say I'm
gonna reword that that's what I'm gonna
do it's gonna come this fast and I
haven't had a lot of time a long time I
haven't had a lot of time I haven't had
a lot of time I have it sounds I'm
saying I haven't had a large time what
you have it that's true - I haven't had
a lot of time wow that hurt there get a
Chipotle cup and smash it into your head
like that down like that it hurts it
does pop it's mildly uncomfortable I
madman so nothing it hurts you know
saying I'm a man I'm a man ohh man
Chipotle cups don't hurt hey hey I'm
here to talk about something actual
consistency of the of the simplicity
when I reproduce the the batteries to
make cupcakes what I can't believe I'm
here at ninety thousand I want to say I
want a burp my gosh really let's look at
the groceries episode ever I Spit I just
burped on action in the middle of a
sentence like all the girls are gonna
just stop watching both of them the two
girls that are watching this right now
they're back this guy is just disgusting
I'm done I'm gonna go watch cute
hamsters running on treadmills is that a
video that'd be sweet that was ooh I
just got an idea for a video that video
it'll go viral I'll be rich and I'll
have a cute video to watch yes that's
what I'm doing goodbye
you
