oh hey YouTube what's up guys so the
footage you just saw was actually from
an edited Justin Allison did AKA jail
from their revenge videos well he put
this up on his clothing companies
YouTube channel and it's right here boom
that is T srs channel check it out
there's some really talented
skateboarders other than us or vendors
in it and it's it's crazy what they do
they make like the board flip and then
they're like ride on one set of wheels
and they'll grind on services it's
really impressive what you do with
skateboards it's nuts so check that out
and you will like it subscribe to tsr if
you will and then yeah I'll be back
tomorrow with another video in the next
day I'll be back with another video and
the next day and in the next day I'm
going to close you in a cabinet goodbye
