you too what is up guys so I've started
my own company in the last couple years
and I get a lot of people asking me here
on the internet how they can do the same
thing or a just advice on the whole
process so I figure out tell you my
story and hopefully give you some tips
on starting your own company so let's
begin this video real quick I'm gonna
tell you my story about how I started my
company I own and operate to revenge
skateboards it all started with YouTube
I made a youtube series called we want
revenge and it was about the lifestyle
of skateboarding not just the
skateboarding but hanging out with your
friends like the whole experience of
being a skateboarder and it caught on it
got fairly popular and people started
asking for apparel and skateboards and I
was like I didn't really want to start a
company but um you know I was like I
kind of wanted someone else to run it
and me just make the decisions but that
is not how the world works you got to
roll up your own sleeves and get stuff
done so I did it I had no clue what I
was doing and I learned so much and I
got really lucky I kind of just tried to
do things my way and a lot of it ended
up being the right way so I was very
fortunate the company's doing great my
numbers keep going up and up and I'm
moving into a warehouse this year and
it's like it's like a such a bigger
operation than it was in the beginning
so I'm just gonna share with you the the
basics of you know your first steps in
starting your own company
step one you're gonna have to have an
idea okay cuz he can't just make a
company out of nothing so figure out
what you're passionate about you
probably already have an idea if you're
watching this video but you figured out
and hey when you have your idea you're
gonna move on to step two step two
you're gonna have to have some money
because believe it or not your company's
not gonna just appear first of all you
need to figure out what your startup
cost is gonna be if you're doing
t-shirts it's gonna be relatively small
because you can sell t-shirts from your
house they don't cost a lot to make but
say you're doing expensive bike part
that you don't know how to get um you're
gonna find out what company makes us and
you have to find out what the minimum
order is so it might be a lot so do your
research using Google comm and figure
out how much your initial startup is
gonna be on your actual physical product
and now you guys are worried about the
legal stuff you should hire a lawyer
from the get-go they'll be able to tell
you exactly what you need to do also in
your first year you don't want
accountants and when you go to the
lawyer they're gonna make you get an LLC
and a federal tax ID number and they'll
be able to do all that for you but it's
gonna cost you some money I would put
away about a thousand dollars just to be
safe you never know what a lawyer is
gonna charge you at first because you
know at first they want you to come to
them they're not going to charge you a
lot because they want you to be they
want
to build you as a client so once you get
your company up and running and they
have that relationship with you know
they're gonna feel safe to bill you the
normal amounts but at first they might
be easier on you just because you like I
said they want to build you up as a
client first and depending on what
you're making like I said you might be
able to run this out your house if you
do run it on your house keep in mind
that you're gonna have to have a room
and like a filing cabinet solely for the
business okay you don't want to mix
personal stuff and business stuff but if
you do run in your house it's really
your overheads cheap and that's good if
you're doing a larger operation you
might want to watch a different video
because I haven't had to deal with that
yet you're going to worry about getting
you know insurance for a warehouse a
warehouse itself like all the crazy
stuff so uh just think things through a
plan your whole operation and try to
ballpark figure what you're gonna spend
and when you have that number you have
to save it up brute strength work hard
or you're gonna go get a personal loan
or maybe you can sweet-talk some people
being interested investing in your
venture but I myself I just I saved it
up and I spent about 2 to 3 grand out of
pocket I should have done the right way
like I'm telling you I should have went
to a lawyer and all that first and I
probably would end up spending about 4
grand but I did like the run-and-gun
bare minimum way and I spent about 2 to
3 grand
but skateboards are not really cheap to
make so don't be scared if you're
storing something smaller and that
number sounds scary to you now if you do
everything I just told you to do you're
gonna be talking to a lawyer and they're
gonna be like hey I'm a professional
don't listen to that red shirt a guy on
the internet okay I know what I'm doing
and they're right they don't they'll
know exactly what you need to do but if
you're gonna be like me you're just
gonna kind of go with it I'll tell you
what I did ended up working just fine
and now I am talking to lawyer I'm doing
things the right way but the basics of
having a business is you're gonna have
to be an LLC to be official okay that
separates you from the business so if
somebody Sue's they're sorting the
business and not you and that could be a
nightmare so to make your company in LLC
just go to google.com and type in your
state say I want to know LLC for my
state and they'll it'll come up and
there'll be some government website or
state website so take you through the
process and that's gonna cost quite like
a hundred and thirty bucks I think it is
at least it was here in Ohio but again
that's some of your startup cost and
then you're going to need a federal tax
ID number and this basically gives you
social security number for your company
so when you taxes it's gonna be under
the company's name and not your own
personal you know social security number
and I don't believe this costs anything
I know there are a lot of
sites that try to charge you and rip you
off to do this but don't don't don't pay
anyone to give you a number um there
might be an actual a small fee for the
actual number but you can get through
through a government site find the
government site but the actual act of
applying for a federal tax ID number
does not cost anything so do not let any
sites rip you off so once you have your
LLC in your federal tax ID number you're
pretty much a company you're ready to
get your product in and sell it as far
as like marketing your company and
reaching your customers that's a whole
another video but I can't help you out
by saying if you're selling online
there's a lot of great stores out there
there's store Envy that which I use
there's a Volusion there's a Google it
there's gonna be a million sites out
there they'll let you sell your product
but the the first two I just named I'm
actually like looked into and they see a
pretty good store Envy is really good
for beginners and for starting a
business because it's free and it's
fairly easy to use so just to reiterate
the basic steps to starting a company
you're gonna have your idea you're gonna
get your money you're gonna figure out
your startup costs and you should
contact a lawyer then they will like
tell you exactly what to do from there
on out but if you're gonna ignore it and
be like I don't want to pay a lawyer
make sure you get your LLC and make sure
you get a federal tax ID number and then
when it comes to tax time definitely see
a professional so they can help you
through keeping your company completely
legit now keep in mind I'm not telling
you how to run your company I'm simply
giving you the steps on how to start the
company but it's a whole different
ballgame I had an actual run a company
but whatever you do make sure you do it
legit and proper you don't want to be
running a sketchy operation and get
screwed over in taxes and you'll lose it
so use Google comm because I get so many
questions that's why I did this video
you know I get some people like hey how
do I do this I don't know how to do this
well you research it go to be calm and
ask those questions that's how what's
what you do in life we need information
you google it and you get the
information there's amazing sites out
there that will help you do all of this
but you know if you get an idea what's
stopping you guys go for it
I started this by doing YouTube videos I
never thought I was gonna have my own
skateboard company and I'm have like I
have like hundreds of skateboards
sitting in front of me like shirts it's
like it's crazy it's like it's it's a
good dream come true like oh my gosh and
there's no reason shut up computer
there's no reason you can't do it too
and so while my normal viewers who are
used to see me act like a goof there are
some bloopers after this to entertain
you guys but I'll be back I hope you
guys like this give me a thumbs up if
you
this was a formative helpful and maybe
I'll do some more of these like helping
you start a company type videos but
nobody go guys thank you for watching if
you want to see more of my videos
there's a subscribe button up there down
there wherever YouTube has it these days
I'm gonna go take it easy subscribe or
die
you too what is up guys so I get a lot
of schmuck I know I get a lot of SH ma
who here on YouTube and I'm not gonna
keep going because this is just stupid
though I started my own company a smock
dishonest NACA machi no juice no ice
bucket and that's no that's my language
and translated that means nothing
because I just lied to you so I figured
I would just make a video and hopefully
uh
nope your YouTube player didn't froze I
just I'm just really weird and that's
just that's just what happened now and
that's great because they'll tell you
exactly what you need to do computer
come on come on come on come on come on
come on come on come on
thank you then they're gonna start
building you and they have that
relationship built with you so billing
and built did that sound too close I had
to redo that clip again do I gotta do
that clip again when did this video
become a musical why do I continue doing
this when the you viewer does not care
and now you're wondering wow if a guy
this weird can start a company so can i
you're welcome
