little kitty food for the cat that'll be
295 so I know I just did a day in life
but our eventually getting in 400
skateboards today and I figured this
would be a good day to do another one so
yeah I'm really tired because I got five
hours of sleep like I always do and I'm
gonna get this day started a day in the
life 11 is happening right now right
here in front of your face this is the
time which kind of makes me want to say
this is the story of the girl who cried
river and drown the whole world or
whatever that dumb song is my name is
ridin and I am a baby need to wake up
today hi buddy like dad well hide you I
always wake up with a camera in my face
recently yeah you do it bring it to go
you like it take baby okay something's
wrong in Cincinnati the sun's out that
never happens lately all right first
thing is first I need to get over to
Phil or Brian Eames house for a 9:30
conference call with our lawyer that
really makes you feel like your business
dude I'm gonna hoodie so it counteracts
the businessman level not that I'm
trying to I'll stop talking I'm going to
drive to Brian himself
so as I'm pulling into film where Brian
Eames place I just got a call from the
freight company and the boards are
already here change of plans
I just got a call from the freight their
boards already here you have to the
lawyer and I have to get the board's
really that is literally how it has to
go down all right
that sucks so do good do you know
everything you say alright so when you
get done with that come to the warehouse
meet Lee there all right
all right so 9:30 the morning 400
skateboards I have a long day ahead of
me sorting these labeling them putting
them on the inventory in the store so
it's going to be a fun day that's for
sure but hopefully I get to skate before
my workday ends not that my workday
really ever ends but it'll be fun filler
Brian aims better get here and help me
with this what did you not know where it
was I Drive past it like every time are
you honestly I do too I have no idea
like no matter how ready you are for it
you think it's the next one you always
do and you look like I just passed it so
basically you got that
this is Brian Corwin I grew up skate
with this guy you know normal people
might wonder why there's a beat-up baby
doll in my trunk
but normal people I guess aren't friends
the Sam Taylor who leaves them in your
trunk
I have a golf club - you wanna you want
a baby baby - I do okay I feel kind of
bad about this is this something we
should feel bad about I have a son dude
and I love to love the face out of it
man
like I love my son but it's not at least
I'm not the one doing it right oh my
gosh they could be better I'm going to
take a skating break I have a new setup
new board new shoes so I'm not going to
do any flip trick ever
so I just tried a bunch of nollie three
flips in front of a heater in that
warehouse and I'm like all sweating it's
weird because it's kind of cold outside
so I'm that dude that's sweating and the
cold but uh we're gonna eat a steak and
Shake which is a weird lunch spot for us
and then we're gonna take these boards
to the office and yes that was the
warehouse that we might be moving into
so for all you people that are about to
comment about them let's eat we're gonna
go meet Ryan Kuhn and Thomas they're
gonna help us do all these 400 boards
business I'll see you guys there hello
Ryan Kuhn do it
high-five you missed hi Thomas this is
going to suck to carry all these all
right game plan you guys gonna go back
to the warehouse to get the rest yeah
boom you and I you and I got the
labeling and sorting and all that stuff
yes you ready for this yeah all right
you guys gonna hug let's do it you know
I just what did you guys just do
whatever I say pretty much you're right
no do not hug me do not hug me how's
your texting going 400 decks on these
shelves might not be the same single
world the goal is to not have the decks
crumble to the ground all right guys so
here's how the process goes every time
we get your decks in I open up the box
we make sure there's no defects we
measure and label it and put on the
shelves and this time I actually I help
so this is awesome so we've been doing
this for like an hour and a half two
hours and we're not done yet because
this takes a long time we're having a
snack break and I was like I'm gonna
tell YouTube so you guys are watching
this opposed to be talking like art this
isn't important you were thinking about
feeding me right there weren't you I was
gonna feed you okay that's okay you take
this boom delicious right oh my gosh
we're done what did you guys do I didn't
do anything I screwed this up 50 60 60
decks to go boom this is what 400
skateboard decks look like that's they
didn't even fit on the shelves okay he
views the floor so uh these will last us
a few weeks probably and then we'll get
more will get hundreds boring buy as
many as you want you to put those in
there let's grab the rest of the orders
and go to the post office
I'm at the post office
what Brian are you that impatient I was
trying to do the same a shot we did in
the last days yeah I know we are here at
peach Acres and I'm a skateboard and I
got a film two talking parts for some
videos I'm gonna film some tricks for
you guys are you gonna film trick yep
cool man cool man cool man cool man
ahh ha ha ha
and saw that coming out of nowhere I
know I didn't see that he came out of
nowhere this one present alright thank
you for filming my friend and how
helping with the different stuff I hope
you feel better I'm gonna go home and
all the family my face gets all red
splotchiness from escape the weather is
really oh I didn't make sense but I'm
gonna go I'm sitting at a red light yes
I am
hi so I just showered and we're totally
gonna eat some dinner while watching
Parks and Recreation and then we're
gonna go the grocery store and I'm not
gonna wear this shirt I didn't mean to
put this on but look like a soccer team
ridin snapping right now so we're going
to do this and then we're gonna wake up
we're going to go to stores to go
awesome
Ryden this is bigger than your head
buh-buh-buh-buh what do you got there
all right guys this is the end of the
day in the life I'm gonna put this
little guy to bed then I'm gonna go do
some work work on my book upload a video
things I normally do thank you for
watching though um yeah that's an
elephant
uh hope you guys liked it I'm going to
wait a little longer for the neck phone
because I did this last one this one
back-to-back so Ryan you want to say
goodbye Wow
yep no okay why is it walking about you
I'll see you guys in the future goodbye
you
so I know I just did day in the life but
revenge is getting in 400 scape words
that figure that was beaut a veer I
figured that would be a good day to do
something like this
you
