how are you gonna go and do a late
double flip I mean I understand how the
trick itself works although I could
never do one to save my life but still a
double flip my gosh actually Nick Putnam
he is of Nick VP 95 here on YouTube and
my gosh he can he can late flip I mean
he can do other tricks obviously saw him
doing the other tricks the video he's
very talented at a variety of different
flip tricks but he is the master of late
flips I mean I want to get that put on a
hat like I just want to rock around
saying you know dick Putnam is the
master of late flips because I wear it
you know I would wear it but I've seen
quite a few clips of Nick here on you
tube and I was I finally hit him up and
I was like my gosh dude you are a
talented dude on a skateboard let me
show the world your clips so he sent me
this tricks and i have uploaded them for
you to watch but like i said definitely
go check out his channel subscribe it'll
be linked to the end this video and
write down there and i want to take a
second to add that this guy has an
excellent taste in skateboard companies
I'm just saying I had to point that out
no but he is a terrific state border I
will be back with some more videos I
have a day in life 11 coming up tomorrow
so tune in or tune out or tune whatever
whatever other tunes you can do tune
down to I don't know tune you later
goodbye oh now do what face
you
