restaurant menus are idiots and I'm not
talking about taco bell or mcdonalds I'm
talking about you're sitting down at a
restaurant you have it's the server name
Julie and you're open up a menu and
deciding what you want to eat that type
of restaurant menu so you open up this
menu and there's like three or four
pictures of a select few items okay the
rest of it is just words and you're like
oh great okay so I have to read all
these things to try to figure out what
sounds good and while that's happening
there's gonna be a different server that
walks by holding something that looks
absolutely delicious are you kidding me
not gonna read all of these items to do
what the heck she just walked by with no
I don't think it had cucumbers in it
liver it better not have been that one
this one doesn't it sound like food but
seriously how amazing would it be if
there was a picture for every item on
the menu I mean this is 2013 okay we
have cameras on Mars you can start your
car with your cell phone this dog has
that costume and yet we don't have
pictures of each menu items on a
restaurant menu this is something you
eat you put this in your body and you're
just gonna read about it I mean really
that's kind of messed up okay there's
not many things that all you do is read
about before you purchase it because you
want to see what you're getting oh babe
this car sounds great superb interior
excellent control I think we should get
it what does it look like I don't know
does it matter yeah I'd like to order
the nike jordans the tenish the color
now it doesn't matter i mean i don't
care what they look like this mail-order
bride sounds so hot man two legs two
arms and she's got hair I married her
man she sounds sexy all right the last
one was a little bit ridiculous but
seriously do you feel me on this I feel
like you should be able to lease see
what you're gonna put it inside your
body I don't know maybe it's just me
that feels this way but it's always been
a pet peeve of mine like I go to a
restaurant and not at ten times i order
something has a picture because you're
like I'm gonna order that because it's
not words and actually could see that it
looks good but if you feel me on this
guy's go down to give this video a
thumbs up I swear the day I walk into a
restaurant and there's a picture for a
menu item I'm gonna like cry of
happiness I'm gonna like tip the server
better i'm gonna tip a stranger on the
street i'm just gonna tip i'm gonna tip
you but I'm gonna go guys I'll be back
to make fun of the world one time at a
time and yes i know i have a spot on my
shirt funny fact i bet you a hundred
percent of all females watching this
noticed because that's what they do
girls notice spots on your shirt want to
go peace out
yes I've seen the walking dead yes I
like the walking dead yes I saw your
facebook post about the walking dead are
you going to name your child the walking
dead is that we going to do or your dog
or your cat or maybe all three I swear
if you don't stop talking about the
walking dead it's not going to be as
cool so just stop talking about the
walking dead and the walking dead could
stay cool deal okay goodbye world I
thank you for watching my videos guys if
you want to see more of me click this
button right here that will subscribe
you to my channel you'll see more
skateboarding skits weird stuff making
fun of things like this all the fun
stuff and then if you want to see my
last take that world video boom right
down there check that out and do some
clicking do some stopping I'll know what
you can do but do it and then uh I think
goodbye how about that ha see you guys
next time
