YouTube what is up guys you're taking my
line aren't you so we have a fun video
for you today we have a little bit of
everything going on we're starting it by
featuring a game yes we have a toy
channel and we did a video on this a
long time ago it was so hard I don't
think you ever actually did it yourself
did you like made it you like you did it
with helping me but I can do it all
right well maybe he can do it now but I
pin it against all of my workers okay so
do you think everyone at the warehouse
is gonna be able to do this no you don't
think so I think it I think is gonna be
tough for them for sure let's just get
it out and I'm gonna show you guys how
it works even though it's hard it's
still really cool oh it's all over the
place you can get this at like Target
Toys R Us like any place has it this is
how it works here's your genetics
dude he clips onto this little bar right
there then this pad which never stays
put is is right there you see it
supposed to hook into that it doesn't
then you go like this you gotta get him
going this is gonna hit you right in the
face right you gotta get it going and
he's supposed to flip and go right there
it is I haven't done this in a while
because we did this video a long time
ago but alright you hit this button to
go and then have to flip them you got to
do a rhythm dude you gotta do everything
together like so
both cuz he's going there we go
okay maybe you hate very hard it's very
hard okay so you gotta get a rhythm
going and then when he gets going over
the bar you're gonna go the exact rhythm
you're supposed to do so don't get in
the face mostly on the hunger too so
that's how you do it
do you want try it again alright let's
do it okay ready is your club still
landing good good job Brian fantastic
gymnastics time to put this here cliff
that guy on there right
and you make him stick on this velcro
pad can you do that I have no idea this
is a kids game this is the one that gets
him going and then this is the release
and you're gonna want to release it when
you come this way just like you would
you know that was pretty good for his
first go wasn't it you're like you're
way better at this than I was when I
first started this make you unpunched
something
why doesn't he do it
as soon as tough it's like the hardest
kids game ever super late how rewarding
does that feel it's pretty rewarding
when I get 125 perfect no yeah that's
exactly where I landed way better than I
thought you're going to so no it's like
whatever he's if he's mostly on these
exactly 50/50 we'll say 75 he's on post
is 125 black case next its spoiler it's
going to be Casey then Alex then write
yours
you got some gear that's coming out in a
few weeks it looks pretty cool in it
yeah there you go somebody say all right
onward Casey's next you think Casey's
gonna be good this zero bad so it's good
right yeah all right so alex is up first
I'm gonna explain he gets the gist of it
he's never done it so this is the button
this yellow button gets him going you
gotta do it in a rhythm and then this
will release and you gotta make him do a
flip and land on the pass
I don't know what you're supposed to do
what you getting us
you just mocked you and your anger - I'm
great at handstands sipping total and in
the hundred yeah yes nice thanks
are you ready fantastic I guess he's
already really good at the rhythm oh my
gosh are you you're a freak do it first
try there's no way he's gonna do it
first try he's the last one to go never
done this that was amazing Casey Casey
did it second try ever different case
with literally within like 30 seconds
total as you know the tragedy that has
been hurricane Harvey down into Texas in
Houston they're experiencing the wake of
this setting some close down but I'm
also gonna get revived everyone here
revived we're gonna get some stuff from
the company and send it down to so
that's what we're doing now and then
we're gonna skate a little bit to wrap
up this video hey guys I had a segment
where I urge you guys to send your
clothes and food goods and whatnot to
Southside skate park Don Texas who is
organizing this to help out the relief
in Houston but they actually reached max
capacity because so many people helped
out that's amazing so I just want to
urge you not to send it to the south
side right now they got their hands full
but check out Red Cross or any other
organizations that you know they're
helping out down there and help out as
you can they need your help down there
and you can make a difference so pitch
in that's my spiel back to skateboarding
do you ask a board
I'm exhausted but I'll try okay will you
film me a few tricks me and then you
just have to do one drink riding I dare
you to slide down on your foot and then
roll away standing up
Jason Park will be proud I'm proud too
though I'm your dad and I have your hand
forever
it's my hand it's now mine don't roll
off the side of the ramp
it's trick time for me hopefully I don't
suck there's a great boss go to that
that was great
Wow it was the second time I've ever
landed one of those in my land you did
this second try it probably looked like
I did it a second try it's good
you didn't do it trick you gotta do one
trick zero zero trick so far have a fist
all right I'm done guys I was hyped I
got like another new trick but I haven't
done that in a very long time so I'm
happy with my skate session but it is
closing time here at the Shred forum I
hope you liked hanging out with us today
and you guys these skateboarding Goods
we have it it's that literally website
on the screen right now or if you have a
local shop you know please support your
local scene and then of course you can
just ask them to carry revive boards
which is our board company that would
support for everything so but the main
point of this is have fun scape whatever
you guys can do it go out and do it and
I'm done here I'm gonna go pack up
because we're about to go on a family
vacation so thank you guys for watching
if you want to see more videos from me
hit the subscribe button right down
below it's free and you get to see more
videos tons of them another one tomorrow
so uh thank you guys
I'll see you guys in the future goodbye
okay are you the only one here thanks
for filming dude good bye bye later saw
here look there you go right in here you
put that one in there throw it in
doesn't that feel good helping people
though Superman whoa Wow oh dude thank
you so much that's the best thing you
could give me I love you guy have it
thank you
I got a sticker for my stuff it's also
