alright guys so what you just saw was
some tricks that I released on other
channels except for the kickflip back
tail that has never been seen but the
other tricks were in a Basque waist
montage for and then a video i did for
tyt sports know that the park stuff was
just kind of like han i do this tricks
all the time but it was casual stuff and
i figured it wouldn't hurt you to watch
it so that is why I threw him in and to
end this video does they might want to
ollie this first try can you do it
alright you're on the spot this is chase
are you goofy or regular uh so I'm right
okay good right here do or die I live to
see another something
ah you're on the spot i'll give you
another try ooh you up oh my gosh oh I'm
sorry dude it's good one more no more
you can do it yeah I'm gonna do it this
is hurting int'l econ test of the
century okay we we have something bill
to boom and that's the end of it
you
