it is a day-in-the-life 10 and I
probably look like an idiot because I'm
totally tired I was up late last night
working it's like 4:00 a.m. then I got
up at 8:45 so I didn't get five hours of
sleep but I'm starting my day I'm gonna
go get the little guy up get him ready
for daycare and send the fiancee and him
on their way to start the day so let's
do this let's get interrupted by alarm
clock I'm up you idiot phone dating life
10 let's go you do not want to be awake
either do you
how you doing lump head he's up what
speak English buddy
I wish kidding house meeting you can't
yeah don't touch the lens you totally
want this don't you
look so tired buddy that's you look
that's your face in the camera how are
you no look okay I won't tell you then
bundle up
bundle up bundle up and your mommy buddy
buddy my baby have a good day guys it is
feeding time for the cat you will eat
this food and be psyched hey surprise is
cold and rainy in Cincinnati
I am going to the store to get Brittany
surprised because she hasn't been
feeling well lately she's been working
really hard at school so we're at the
grocery store
alright so tulips are her favorite but I
did those like a week ago or so and I'm
gonna go with the rose this time because
I got to mix things up my hair like
ridiculous back here you know only I
could have hair this long and it still
looks stupid and boom here's what I came
up with guys so if she comes in
surprised by this it means something
about a rule in life never stop showing
your loved ones care about them and for
everyone who's about to cry he's got
super mushy right there I'm gonna make
it up to you I don't do something super
manly later in the video right now I'm
gonna go meet up with Filmore Bry names
because we have a lot of revenge work to
do today let's go do this
Filmore Bry names
we're here at Eli's barbecue this is the
best barbecue you will ever have in your
entire life mr. doesn't even say the
name on the part of the building some
Pig you got to eat here become society
eat at this place what did it say
brownies I feel so fat for me to lunch
that's what do you guys what do you yeah
feel fat so it's revenge work time we
have to it's really loud fry names my
gosh as I'm tried always like that we
need to send it boards out you guys
ordered when you just order shirts for
us to sell to you guys and then we need
to contact some people about a future
work we need to do business stuff but
after that we're totally escape because
you skate on a day-in-the-life you you
skate yeah so we're you go skateboard
even though it's raining we're gonna
find place escape through landscape Adam
Wow oh well watch ready decks 20 Dex Dex
like 16 no no it's not 3 3 6 9 12 its
2050 it's 20 it's gonna be 20
no it's 20 right now it's 19 right now
oh my gosh 3 6 9 12 15 18 plus 2 is what
20 exactly ha ha no I was late for lunch
you were late for lunch cuz I was buying
this you're buying an air one yeah you
want fifty four millimeter wheels yeah
hey Justin eight packages today it's
pretty standard per day down
okay we're getting there that's why I
have a station wagon because sometimes
we have like 20 and it's ridiculous you
really didn't put these in that
organized I really didn't work the post
office so since I don't get a lot of
sleep last night I needed to pick me up
so I got a monster because basket is
always drinking these no offense bass
with but uh it doesn't doesn't taste
like it I like Red Bull better much
better you haven't even had it you
haven't had this I don't want that yeah
it tastes kind of it kind of tastes you
know I'm saying aren't you black
engineer is really freaking phony action
shank a story here's the one place we
can skate when it's raining outside and
there's still puddles that kind of sucks
but uh we're gonna have fun some way
shape or fashion so we're seeing
profession that's what I said Ryan
so that was definitely an average
session in my life I try some stupid
trick that I think is gonna take 10
tries and I'm wasting the filmers time
so I'm sorry write it it was cold and
we're gonna go back to the office do
more work and then we have a meeting
a revenge meeting which you're not gonna
get to attend but you'll see us walking
and do a building I guess a house is
that a house alright so we're here we
got to do a couple more revenge things
before our meeting we got to send a
payment to pay for the shirts we did and
then we have to revise some things on
the business plan this is this is what
adults do they they you know they do
work in the computer and then they
skateboard alright so we are on our way
to the meeting
it's going a fun time no cuz the crap is
whatever it was like like a dying old
man
airhorn Pizza Pizza ready for this
meeting we're gonna work the meeting you
were probably gonna walk out with like a
suit and tie it's gonna be such a good
meeting it would just like transform us
that would be all right sorry about the
creepy lighting guys but I just got out
of the meeting and it went really well
oh but my fiancee is not feeling well
she went to bed and a little guy ride
and came over to Grandma's house so I'm
picking him up and then I'm gonna go so
I'm gonna exit the creepy like you have
fun PJ likes the wagon yeah you had a
good time at Grandma Grandpa's buddy
you're like and take me home in my crib
are you in the mood for food no okay so
I'm here at the end of the night I gotta
feed him if he's gonna eat and then put
him to bed then I have to do work I got
to put a video together I have to do
worked some work on my book because
that's getting published this spring and
then if I have time I'm gonna relax and
play some Fire Emblem for 3ds it's a
fantastic game so that's it
but then I left and done buddy yeah you
don't want your green beans dog you lost
your sock kid didn't you
but earlier in this video I was like
don't worry I'm gonna do something manly
to make up for the The Machinist I'm
gonna stay true to that okay I have a
broken keyboard right here I'm gonna
break it more than it already is it
doesn't work and now it's about to be in
pieces and the camera felt kind of
durable I'm Tim the tool man Taylor and
I'm gonna break the keyboard it is a
really durable keyboard this is very
anti-climatic
you
