first of all shame on you for clicking a
video called how to steal but you're in
luck because I'm not going to teach you
the bad kind of stealing where shop
owners like my hearts broken I can't
feed my kids cuz I got no money but this
is the funny friendly way to steal where
you can show a friend this trick and
they were like I love that you did that
I'm gonna do I'm gonna have him do it
again so this is a quick of the hand
trick say Johnny here has something in
his hand and I'm like okay I'm gonna get
this real fast it's not in your hand
anymore is it how'd you do that I don't
know how did I do that I'm going to
teach you how to do that this is
actually a pretty easy trick okay i'm
going to use change I've never really
use anything else I guess you could use
something else but change is cooler
because it's like I'm stealing you'll
money but put the change right in the
middle of their palm okay and you're
going to take your your dominant hand
I'm right handed so I'm going to smack
his fingers with the back of my hand
like boom his hands going to go down and
the change is going to go up you slide
your hand over under the change and grab
and pull back really fast so let's watch
that in slow motion quick is slate and
honestly you're probably to have those
times we're like the change just flies
everywhere here like that guy's an idiot
but just practice it and it's really not
that hard to master and you'll get it do
you want to try it to see if I'm a good
teacher you think you can do it my hands
are too cold yeah I'm gonna try you got
try this video you got try it are you
right-handed yeah okay he's gonna try
let's see if Alex can do it okay dude
there's too much pressure okay look just
exactly i told you to do okay i also got
shot house close all right q you can do
this dude you got this oh got my money
back no if you practice hard enough you
can be a thief too but a good one that
it makes your friends smile so i hope
that little how-to video was
entertaining i'll see you guys in the
future goodbye oh my gosh i got shot by
change man
you
this stays exactly where it is who you
hit it it stays and you just scoop it
yeah like you gotta scoop it but you do
it fast so it's like all this guy's
Jackie Chan thinking of it like a
skateboarder like he got me back yes you
got me back I'm leave
you
