what is up guys we're doing ask revenge
vol 4 I think this is because the third
one is on josh's channel announcer
alright yes Lord he's gonna read the
questions oh gosh I spill my I spilled
my know but you guys asked questions on
our Facebook and we're here to answer
them Sam is the dude that asked that
reads a bit loud and it's pretty funny
and we'll answer whatever you guys got
got for us Johnny demand Andy why don't
you have revenge wheels you need to get
some oh and why do you call yourselves
revenge okay alright first off I do kind
of have revenge wheels because I have
the prototypes we are going to get them
made and i love the wheels at first i
was like these are little uh like they
felt like a weird material but once I
started skating I was really really
excited for him so I think you guys here
like them too and they're coming just
just hang in there Dumont's or whatever
your first name Johnny yeah yeah and why
do we call this revenge yeah that's the
second one because this guy and I Wiese
were and Wes don't forget about him we
all came together we're going to make a
skate video called skate revenge and it
kind of like revenge on the normal life
like the desk job life we were like
that'd be kind of cool to make to have a
skate career of some sort we're like
well let's just make a video based on
that idea and it turned into something
much larger in here we are today yeah
here we are day on the couch Carter
Donnell would you ever be interested in
doing a thing like Metro did where you
make a video about your town and show
your spots then you potentially come
skate with us how would you guys feel
about God be down and do it let's do it
right now we caught it already did we we
did that with metro right like we were
we were actually involved I was a part I
was on that for a week and then these
two not you you weren't involved yet met
up in Columbus for it but uh yeah we'd
love to do that they need kind of skates
trip or anything yeah we're with it
anywhere any skate trips we can get time
to do we do Wilbur Johnson why is the V
capitalized on the boards we're really
big corn fans and you know how they have
like the backwards k mm-hmm we uh I was
like dude we got to have something
because like everything I do is kind of
like revolving around the band Korn so
uh corn that's what we good yeah i we I
just made that up I just think it looks
cool that's the only reason it's because
of the heart line it's because of the
well yeah but that originally like I
just kept doing it like
Road out revenge and I just kind of I
just thought it looked cool that's all I
never honest with that much yeah it
makes sense I guess even noticed it so
to say I'm it's because it's the
heartbeat that's that's a lot better
answer I'm gonna put that boom boom
Anthony pero jr. do you and the revenge
crew plan on coming to New York City
this year we'd love to shred with you
guys I would love we've been talking
every summer yeah you he goes all the
time we've been talking about that
forever though I hope see the grip right
there we're gonna be in philly next
month so now that doesn't have anything
do with it but we're gonna be close to
New York is kind of insane I would love
to if we do it'll be like a random
weekend in the summer Oscar lemons I
love Oscar we have been your sponsors in
the past / now who is the coolest pro
skater you've met I'm these all directed
at you order no you guys wall here is
anyone yeah well you were your sponsors
concrete city and revenge skateboards
and then if you guys I'm surprised you
haven't we just haven't liked working
hard I need to do that as a good team
manager I need to get you like a grip
tape or a wax a wear a shoe sponsor
maybe like put your face on a billboard
somewhere I don't know so revenge for
you too yeah revenge and then I've been
on revenge right now i rep orion and vox
i wear their stuff i don't i don't know
what you call it but I used to be on PTS
shoes I used to be on navigator trucks I
used to ride for crooks skate shop out
in riverside california and that's
pretty much Oh impulse skateboards to
other there and also around as a
sponsored by blink text oh he was
sponsored by blank text com see he had
something you should know favorite pro
skater he met oh uh it's pry Richie
Richie Jackson or Kari gets I mean I
feel like I'm like you know have to say
Carrie Ghose yeah Carrie guess is
awesome but Ritchie's Richie school well
I met Richie we have a man i haven't met
many but a long time ago i met steve
berry way before at the barracks and I'm
okay at Middletown actually did that
yeah right i talked about that demo he
was a cool dude i only had a Spitfire
shirt on he wasn't even riding for
Spitfire and he's still signed it for me
okay i'm surely get that a lot less
awesome one he seemed to connect to
who's your favorite pro they met it's
really hard i met a lie holy so i'll do
tompa shoot is like right now that i
like from like going to new york and
i'll just pick one who's your favorite
one who like do you feel like it's your
brother one of those really nice is like
this got from the fibro team chris blake
or something like that so he's your dick
we have it we wore the same shoes and
you always like remember me from the
shoes there's just like a reoccurring
friend with him it was really cool dude
yeah he's like oh hey Thomas like every
day of have one word Dylan Griggs this
one's for you Andy is there anywhere we
can find the music you've done in bands
for or for intra trace videos I am
releasing it i'm gonna i'm actually
releasing a CD this year so you'll be
able to get it it's coming just stay
tuned say what yeah but not right now
it's not available soon Ryan bells think
that's it Ryne bills with a see that is
a cool last name what graphic will you
be doing next in the famous spot series
also when are you coming to philly again
Black Diamond New Jersey has sadly
closed I don't we shouldn't answer it
yeah but we should give a hint just it's
a skate pot to skate spot that doesn't
exist and this is the dude this can be
doing its own same artist but we haven't
planned it is probably gonna come out
it'll come out the spring so also when
are you coming to philly we just said
that less than a month in the next month
shouldn't uh Michael Kirby will use ever
was he in the Mafia or somethin how'd
you spell this used use ever bring out
more color lifeline decks like it won't
get green where do you think we will
your like art inator you're the one who
just kinda yeah I picked the colors but
green know we've talked about talked
about colors well we could go i mean we
could do it forever yeah it's just so
many people want to see purple again
people wanna see black again and will
will will branch out you'll see more
lifelines for sure one of you i kind of
want to do a gold one when that'd be
cool you can night print gold foil yeah
i mean i seen companies do it yeah
tardive little extra cash yeah baby
United working right Ryan Frankfurt ass
can you make hats cuz i add to home make
one and it's not very good okay wait
did he make his own hat is there a
brevet rank Yeah right you know it's
over no I in Frankfort Orion you are
awesome that is awesome yes we already
had those will be out in the spring you
made your own bench hat yeah I'd like to
see that there Ryan you should like
posted to the face Brian's a doll that
is a weird thing to say let's make it
all awkward for 80 now no I can't okay I
got no I can't be awkward in I've
courted yeah that I saw we're now I
George Bush tit his name is really a
Gustin Bruno vis gotta he's not from you
can't laugh because that's probably
completely normal over there I how did
you get the revenge brand as far as it
is now when did you begin it and why how
do we do them Alex I don't know Andy I
wasn't around you started it you I
texted you at kroger feel like hey what
artists and we're like okay let's skate
and they're like it's bad I'm starting
YouTube again you want to like post
videos so that's how it happened is it
literally me asking him if you wanted to
get involved with a project and we
started just skating skate parks and
then we were like hey let's make a skate
video and then you guys wanted like I
just said this earlier so yeah what's
weird is I looked up to you when I
started skating and now he thinks
nothing up now that's good yeah and but
for like a year you really can't believe
I'm just doing this with you man it's
like a new lanai we've been skating like
every day or every week for like a year
yeah all right that was all 10 free that
was it okay guys that was it for my
channel we're going to do ten more
questions over on Alex's channels so
there'll be a box right here dead dead
dead all along for the journey click
that box will be over there Bob click
the box i'm gonna play guitar riffs in
it
real to the hip it click it
you
