start off by saying you are welcome
because I'm pretty sure your day just
got a little better by watching this I
don't know why but there's just
something about seeing a dude getting
hit in the testicles you're like you
know what today is not so bad you know
the sun is shining
kittens are crying that last one didn't
make sense at all but seriously you see
a clip of someone getting sacked and
you're like that that wasn't me
this is cool and you do realize that
there's nothing new about a clip of a
dude getting hit in the nuts I mean
they're pretty much the same thing every
time but you will never stop watching it
because it's just the way it works you
always want to see a new dude getting
hit in the new nuts hey man I got a clip
of a dude getting hit in the Wiener you
want to see it yeah I do
here's another one of a different guy
want to watch of course man another nut
shot show it to me you want to trade
some cookies for a carburetor wait what
put seriously do you feel me on this
guys I mean you've seen and dude getting
hit the testicles before and yet you
clicked this video right you're like
heck yeah I want to see it so go down
and give this video a thumbs up if
you're gonna continue to watch dudes
getting hit in the crotch
it sounds kind of weird when you label
it like that but the victim featured in
this clip was my friend Peter frankest
and he could skateboard obviously
obviously skateboarded but I can also
land tricks not just got hit in the
Weiner so I will play a couple clips of
him on his board from back in the day
and then I'm gonna be honest I'm gonna
play the the Weiner shot on repeat just
to drill it into your eyeballs and
you're gonna be go on sleep tonight here
you'd be like man I just cannot get that
nut shot out of my head it's in there
it's engraved and I'm gonna go good to
the bye subscribe or die
you
you
