looking in the fridge and I don't want
anything what's up guys so this is yeah
one of my subscribers submissions and
whoa we just move the whole entire
fridge probably not good like I was
saying that was one of my subscribers
footage I like to do this month's
tomorrow feature other channels in my
channel and get their footage out into
the world a little more but I am going
to do a video where I say hey send me
all your footage and you can post your
videos as video responses and for that
I'm get you a chance to get featured on
my channel as well so I'm stay tuned for
that and the meantime I got more videos
coming and then make sure you check out
and subscribe 29 speed they'll be a link
at the end of this video or right down
there if you just want to click that so
definitely check them out and i'm going
to go i'm going to show you a poor man's
lightsaber real fast okay see this is
you get this for a dollar the grocery
store boom not that threatening but one
cool thing to do is you going this and
makes like a whistling sound kinda I'm
gonna go goodbye guys
