okay so you're right three two one I
feel like my fist pumping could have
been more intense if you thought 3d
movies were neat open your mind is
something else in my glass of everyone's
behind it hope your mind to something at
all it was it me the face no ice if you
thought 3d movies were all that then
wait till you get a look at our 3d
products that's right Jim oh it's hard
to throw the glasses isn't it who would
have thought throwing your glasses when
throw you off so much it does do that's
the way to get a look at all of our 3d
prize seeing it myself that's right
we're gonna bring straight to you try to
you from Wichita of it look just to make
your mom jealous it's incredible are
unbelievable it's both oh you spray it
and it's snow unbelievable ray
dimensions of snow have it you have you
have ya be a BF or not ordered you know
what you know what I was doing with
myself the other day jerkin I just found
myself on the sidewalk and I was like
where where is my 3d toothpaste you got
to have it three dimensions of paste on
your dues don't leave home without it go
in the third dimension don't leave a
dimension without it you know what Bob
what
oh really that's unbelievable got
another one what I think that was the
one
give me a little space or not to do such
a ridiculous zoom I don't like
I am
sorry guys
you
