mom I'm gonna ask you something and you
got to be honest
am i adopted don't be afraid to break my
heart I can take it
do I look like the kind of guy that's
gonna go to bed right now no put me down
dead bring me a book maybe that band
stage book no offense man
who are you you are not my dad man look
at you not my dad you ain't gonna read
me a book put me down
Hey you watching this do you take my
Rice Krispies look at my thumb what guys
my hand I can move it if I have to ask
are we there yet
one more time i'ma flip out give me hey
hey give me give me back oh oh no I know
let's go watch that American Horror
Story can i watch that dad is that too
that too much please look at me hey hey
why don't you look at me Dad dad look at
me Dad I can move my hand
there's my fingers where's that dog oh
there he is
all right fine are we there yet I said
it
and boom here it is right in talking to
a lot of you wanted the sequel to the
last one so I had to deliver we had a
lot of fun doing it but it was way
harder this time because yeah you
playing with toys because he is older
now and he doesn't just sit there let me
move his lips so but we had we had fun
doing it I hope you guys enjoyed it
sadly was gonna be the last one with
discount is just getting too old but if
you want to see another one go down
there and give it a thumbs up and I will
get to having another child so I can do
another one these kicks kidding but uh
if I you know when I do have more
children down the road I will totally do
more of these skits because they're just
fun I enjoy doing them and maybe you can
help out with your little brother or
sister buddy but that's it hope you guys
enjoyed it and I will see you in the
future right you have anything you want
to say to YouTube yeah nothing you just
want to stare at it like a baby I'll
take that I'll take that as a bye bye
bye bye bye maybe you should even have a
Berenstain Bear poo nah screw that just
put me down dad
