Brian okay that was the Braille montage
even though we did it you'd even know
that we did it no I just got some
skating myself that's why I'm sweaty but
yeah I hope you guys like that was a
handful of Braille footage that Stephen
filmed and I was like hey I'm gonna make
it into a montage that's your Friday
video I think you're in it cool you
might not be though which spray owns the
one when we were like really tired
that's why I didn't skate much we were
really tired we drove up from LA to San
Francisco and they skated and they did
that festival killing it
cats killed it everyone else did
something
what do you like better though straight
quarters of rail house trick Wars sorry
Aaron you're wherever else is great -
it's great I like skating Braille house
more right now because there's more
flexibility just to skate stuff on the
ground like 30 foot long box or however
long that boxes that's awesome but as
far as the actual obstacles I think I
like strikers there yeah but right now
if I had a choice on scape rails sure
probably too much but if it was yours
you might like it better probably either
way we're get done talking so I hope you
guys liked that video if you want to see
more Braille house stuff I'll put
brailles channel right down below so
you're probably already know because
everybody in the world is subscribe to
them but I think us watching I'm gonna
see you tomorrow with a brand new video
with some skating from me in it and
that's it you guys have a great day
Brian alright you have a decent day not
not normal not great but decent
I have to run much Aaron so success
what are you doing in this video I
didn't know you were here I won the
whole time here the whole time like
whatever was doing tricks you're in the
background yeah
when did you go to San Francisco baby
yeah well my life really
you
