we'll take it man so we're all about me
high five this is a video game you don't
play video games he really doesn't
answer played against it shoot my board
haha i will leave a face man you're
scared I like threw it at you that's the
recording yeah lyric or rap out
what's up guys so I know it's not easy
to tell because I have a fish eye on the
shot but I was really far away from when
I through the camera like look at the
beginning of the frame and look how far
it travels to him so how I did this was
I through the camera and then I like ran
behind it in case Sam Tabor didn't catch
it what she probably wouldn't know if he
looks scared to death but I thought his
his reaction was priceless and I was
like you know what I got to show the
world of YouTube this because I was
entertained by it so hope you guys liked
it unfortunately I scratched the lens
which I don't know if you can see in
this like yeah boom right look at that I
know I didn't scratch lens from throwing
my camera unfortunately it was in just
the plane accident which has never
happened before and I already have a new
lens on the way so all as well you won't
have to deal with this in future videos
but I'm about just turn into a Smith
grind by Sam and then I'm going to go I
hope you guys have a good weekend good
to the x to the later
you
