Oh
I through the camera I let it in the air
then caught it can skate much hey I
landed line and he falls with camera
let's do it again so I know a few you
guys are saying Andy this isn't revenge
30 i saw this already okay yeah but i
played this in slow motion the other day
and I was like this is like way better
in slow motion way better so I want to
make it to snow video and plus it's one
of the best camera slams I have ever
gotten on tape well I didn't film it but
I'm saying you know I have the footage
of it and I mean look at the
concentration on his face right here
okay yeah the camera like isn't even in
his hands he's falling really hard and
then he somehow managed to like get you
know keep the camera safe and it's
pointing directly at him when he does it
I was like oh my gosh this is golden
unfortunately he did have his iphone 5
in his pocket broke your iPhone 5 I did
right there it's like the first one I
think that's the first iphone 5 i've
seen broken oh yeah it's brand new it's
all because of my line give me five
which just goes to reinforce my belief
that you should never ever skate with
your cell phone in your pocket ever ever
ever ever fortunately it wasn't that
much damage and i think it was like just
like looked like a crack but it actually
like I don't know it's not that big of a
deal and this phone is actually fine but
I hope you guys dug that that was filmer
brand names and you're going to be
seeing a lot more of him in their
revenge world so stay tuned for that I'm
gonna play some classic footage of Brian
after the outro and then you might watch
that you might just sit here and be like
I'm watching this and if you don't watch
that you're gonna be on some other video
thinking you're gonna be like man I was
gonna be watching that video but i'm
watching this instead okay I've said it
it's in your head it's done deal it's a
done deal but I me go guys subscribe or
die
you
Oh
