so are any of you people out there boom
with you another Jedi and you know you
can't use the force with me I'm not
because I make up mode ways how to use
force I'm going to make this Mario come
to me Oh boom see that you might you
think that was stupid but it actually
was let start this video put what's up
guys this is a quick update video ok
well I wouldn't go as far as gone quick
but it's an update video because I
needed to fill you guys in on some stuff
that's happening with revenge and I was
like I gotta doing up david e that's how
i tell you guys what's happening first
thing is first though here is some
random clips oh my computer that i
believe have never entered a video i
have a lot of videos so i could be wrong
but here's the funny fall and a line
that their hand you're watching you
buddy
yeah into a headphone but so I'm gonna
get right down to it guys revenge is
unfortunately about to go through a
period of time where we don't have a lot
of decks in stock okay we have been
selling so much lately that we were just
not ready and we were not prepared to
put another order in so we have to wait
for these decks to be made and then
they're going to send to us then we'll
have been stack and life will be amazing
again but that probably won't be until
the end of februari but what the good
thing about this is that we have new
decks coming in we're going to have a
new graphic we're gonna get red
lifelines back in we're gonna bring the
blue lifelines back on a lot of you guys
some ask for that then we're gonna have
just focused X again we're going to have
we are avenged eggs I'm really excited
about the new graphic it's uh it's it's
a different type of style that we've
ever done and I think you guys are going
to dig it but in the meantime we have
some 8.12 5s coming in later this week
and they're really not that much bigger
than eight so they're really not a scary
sighs let's try if you're used to
skating 8 8 inch decks and we're only
getting 18 of these ants so when you see
them on the store if you want one grab
one while you can but on a positive note
we have a new t-shirt in boom this is
our first gray shirt exciting right this
is the RV ngt and we had this for about
a week now I have the only two red
copies of this shirt and really excited
about if I it's like I was sitting there
I was like man I need more red shirts I
know it sounds weird but I only had like
my revenge sure to sub and I was like I
need a new shirt so I was like you know
what I'm gonna make a new revenge d so I
can have a new red shirt and boom I had
it you guys need another story but now
you do but i would like to thank ryan
white boy chambers on design that shirt
randomly and also i'm about to hit
something with a nerf sword I told you
but another revenge news aside from
products i'm sorry that i just talked
about products for so long I just get so
many questions about it so I had to tell
you people that are asking the questions
on we are still in the works of getting
a warehouse it's not going to be super
big but if we do i'm definitely going to
set up like a box maybe a couple boxes
and like a rail and maybe a bank I don't
know but when I have that I will
definitely be doing like weekly videos
in there like I don't know i'll come up
with some stuff but it'll be awesome
because i get 2 a.m. in the morning I'm
like you know what I want to go
skateboard boom I have a warehouse to do
it so I'm really excited about that and
it'll be nothing but good for the videos
here I'm a channel but outside of the
revenge world this month is actually be
pretty dark and not like dark like oh
I'm sad and depressed I'm gonna go write
a slow song about Brad Pitt's dog or
something weird but it's just it's like
it's so
easy of things that I don't want to be
doing I have a lot of work on my plate
this month that I drat you know I'd
rather be doing YouTube videos what I'm
saying so um but you know it's all good
fun i love my life so it's it alittle in
iraq and the next month i get to go to
Philadelphia and then after that I have
a trip out of the country and then after
that I have a California trip and then
two months after that I get to go get
married and go to Jamaica it's gonna be
awesome but this month is like my to get
through this month and it doesn't help
that it's snowy cold icy and just gross
outside all the time you know like I'm
actually getting cabin fever from being
inside the same skate park for months
now and like it's not some park I've
just been skating it for three months so
I'm like oh my gosh where is the
sunshine in the streets and all the
other things that are cool in life
outside of the skate park I just feel
like I complained a lot I'm not
complaining I'm just trying to sum up my
month and in the meantime I'm gonna be
hanging on my kid I'm gonna be trying to
play video games Mike am trying to watch
movies all that fun stuff and speaking
of movies this is like the best year for
movies ever like I know I say that about
every year but it really does get better
each year like this year we have iron
man 3 have you seen the trailer for that
like oh my gosh it puts like tingles on
my tingles that sounds really weird but
seriously and then we have the new Star
Trek which I'm a Star Trek fan I always
have and I love the new ones that JJ
Abrams have been doing and then we have
another Hobbit the first Hobbit was
amazing it punched my self in the face
it punched my face in the faces of the
face of a tattoo on my face and then we
have a new Superman like the list goes
on like it literally list a million
movies and the hard part for me is gonna
be finding time but I'm going to do it
I'm gonna watch all these movies and
soon be awesome it's gonna be so awesome
but I'm gonna start wrapping things up
guys up this weekend i believe i have a
skate park at it coming go figure and uh
I have a new riding video coming next
week that I think you guys would dig and
I'm also close to wrapping up revenge
randomness for which other fun videos I
haven't done one in a while so be a
lookout for all that and then oh yeah I
did an interview for The Young Turks
which is like a news network here on
YouTube I did it for their sports
division in it was it was pretty fun
like I thought it came out pretty cool
so check that out they'll be like at the
end of this video and then right down
there and I am going to go I'm finally
going to go home and I'm going to do
more work but at least get hang on my
family and all you people are about to
say hey and eat your bread a gray shirt
wears a red shirt okay look boom okay a
few you p
knew that it was under here and I thank
those people I also thank all of you for
watching my bidding okay I'm gonna take
the sharpie and then we go it broke it
broke
take this pronto so you guys were
informed on the state of revenge that's
my want to it's you know if you if
you're into sports they're going to
start doing extreme sports with
skateboarding or whatnot so uh that's
pretty cool check that out I am gonna
redo this clip because it sucked I'm
gonna make this Mario come at me that
hurt my thumb and didn't do anything so
are any of you people out there bummed
you're not a Jedi then Union you can't
use back
