500 videos that's a ton and I have no
idea what I'm talking like this right
now what's up guys 500 videos that it
really is a lot now there's a crazy
amount of YouTube videos that I've made
and you know the deal I'm going to do a
recap of the last 100 videos on my
channel it's going to be a good time I
hope you guys enjoy it sit back or sit
up I don't really care what you do but
watch this video and i will talk to you
the future goodbye because it's what you
do is eat things don't you hey I'm over
it I didn't need my wiener anyway be
sure you didn't ruin this week or month
or maybe a year how long does it take to
get over a shot we're socks make you
look fat get two gallon burg first try
bear
hey guys oh jeez oh my god little more
you sir booboo my friend bike oh my my
my co what water fight my computer my my
freakin johnson's baby powder when you
have it you have it
Oh a dia dude I think Cory duffel
kidnapped me your very first time on
skateboard buddy we go you're doing it
all right let's do something better
let's do this oh do you honestly select
that username puppy pot 666 what does
that what does that even mean are you
like an evil marijuana enthusiast
veterinarian for the 30 you all right
not the face though you look great could
I please touch your boobs what I'd ask
you puppy pot shouldn't you be neutering
a bong or something we want revenge boom
boom again boom who'd you rather hang
out with a dead bear than you I'm just
getting here that was good bud so
yesterday I was in the san francisco
airport and i met none other than kevin
smith
Shh are you all right so what do I look
three flip and this does not rhyme
Cassie would you like to get a 12-piece
County piece 2599 comes with a free
chocolate chip cake was is that a
recording was that um no actually we're
that was a recording there's no way I
was a human is a racist that it sounded
like a black woman alright ridin do the
Exorcist impression that was pretty good
hit it you get out of here kids
I'm actually gonna destroy my camera for
my under okay cameras gotta go bye bye
you
I've got a trash can in my head and it's
gonna get rolled out the chair that
could have been bad and broke
Baltimore's face why am i singing I just
don't know no and space don't rhyme I
didn't say space I said face Baltimore's
face not space gosh anything right Andy
oh hey I see you found the end of the
video if you'd like to subscribe to my
channel and see more of this click this
button right here that will subscribe in
my channel more skateboarding skits
randomest weird stuff all the time down
here is my 400th video which is recap of
the hundred videos before these hundred
video that makes sense thank you for
everyone watch my channel I appreciate
it guys and I'm going to go I'll see you
in the future good to the by subscribe
or to the die that didn't work so great
bye
you
