what's up guys so I hate losing
arguments alright so I'm gonna sit here
for this mirror and I'm gonna train up
this is how to win an argument 101 let's
do this know what I'm gonna say let me
get this straight okay you're gonna say
those words to me okay me me you're
gonna say those words out your mouth
into my ears
me live-action Pokemon makes more sense
than you right now I would rather teach
Kanye West how to juggle didn't listen
to you me me me what you do is like
Japanese to me okay it looks cool on TV
and movies okay it looks who won a
tattoo but in real life I don't get it
if you were a cookie you would taste
like broccoli doesn't make sense and
neither do you
me me me me huh
Minnie and here's a tip if you get stuck
just say oh really over and over again
no matter what they say oh really oh
really oh really oh really every one
time you said something nice I think it
was out of three o'clock yesterday if my
feelings were a facial expression right
now I'm gonna be like this how does it
feel to know your words create this oh
really oh really oh really
babe this is stupid let's stop is you're
right I'm wrong except today is opposite
day
boom put that in your Easter basket hey
you know what I wrote down every single
thing I like about you here it is on
this piece of paper it's nothing Shh
don't talk
puppies die when you do oh really okay
you never believe this I had a dream one
time that you opened your mouth and it
sounded cool oh if you're wondering what
I'm looking for I'm looking for your
heart cuz you don't have one well I'm
rubber you're glue whatever you say
bounces off of me and you're an idiot
well if you offend me I'm gonna offend
you right back how about that Oh socks
make you look fat your earrings are kind
of whorish your lipstick smells like it
don't up with mustard I'd rather hang
out with a dead bear than you if you
were a McDonald's menu item you'd be on
the dollar menu sorry
that's the fact when you nag me okay
this is what you sound like
I'm on the phone Oh oh really yeah oh
really
oh really
what's up guys so I wanted to do a skits
and I didn't have a lot of resources and
this is what I came up with I hope you
guys Duggan's if you're gonna use any of
this in future arguments go ahead and
give this video a thumbs up but if you
want to see more videos from me click
the top icon right there that'll
subscribe you to my channel give you
more stuff like this skateboarding skits
pranks bunch of weird stuff then the
bottom icon is a previous skit that
actually did in this bathroom same style
so yeah I hope you guys have a grand day
doing whatever you're doing and I'll
talk to you guys in the future goodbye
