what's up YouTube no offense but I'm
gonna hit you in the face of the hammer
awesome trick right totally just thought
about that I'm just kidding I would
never hit you in the face of the hammer
or my camera but would not do that I
probably not do that but really whats up
youtube hope you guys liked that video
that is the wonderful cabin Craig he's
so good on a skateboard and I'm gonna
give you a little spoiler that is not
the last video of him to come on my
channel he has another banger coming out
on my channel so watch out for it in the
weeks to come and that is all I really
wanted to say so uh if you want to see
more of my videos click this button
right here that will subscribe you to my
channel you get more weird stuff like
this skateboarding skits pranks all the
fun stuff and then over here you guys
really need to click that button down
there that is the bonus clips from we
are avenged 30 I linked Brett's channel
on the last we are avenged so this
wasn't linked go check this out there's
some awesome footage we did not use when
revenge 30 and it's over on Alex's
channel so click that watch it and
subscribe to Alex if you have it already
I'm gonna go I'm going to put this down
and I'm gonna go spelunking that is a
totally alive but im gonna back away up
early and then goodbye that rhymed ha
awesome
