oh I thought you're doing like the krail
thing I actually have no idea what I'm
doing okay so should I do well I kind of
liked when you fell we got that yes and
now for YouTube viewing pleasure i'm
going to jump in this quarter pipe I
sounded a lot cooler before I did
youtube what is up guys so yes those
were some second angles that weren't
using we are revenge 30 I also put the
angles of were used in the episode
because i feel like it in a second angle
video if you don't see the other angle
you're like well that was only one angle
Ringo but there you go I've never done a
second angle video I thought so I
thought that we kind of need to do but i
also want to fill you guys in about
something gay boom right here this is a
tsr hat you're going to be able to win
this hat all right tsr is a clothing
company that my friend justin nelson AKA
jail in the revenge videos and the next
revenger bangarang they started this and
it's been rocking for a while but they
recently just launched a YouTube channel
we're going to be doing cool content so
uh how to win this hat you go over there
channel which will be right down there
in the info that we link to it or at the
end of this video go to this channel and
subscribe and then you're going to find
the video rippers vol.1 i do believe
it's a skate edit they recently just did
and its really really good I have a
throwaway clipping it's just like
whatever he just kind of filmed at the
park of me doing it and I was like but
the rest of the skating is really really
good so check it out and how you're
going to try to win this hat is you're
going to on that video you're going to
make a ridiculous comment about me okay
you can be like Andy likes juggle nachos
while running naked in the winter like
whatever weird thing your head comes up
with commented on that video and they're
gonna pick a random comment not a random
whatever makes them laugh the most
there'd be like I like this and then
they're going to give you the hat and
hopefully they'll pick a few people for
stickers so you have more than one
chance to win something but I don't know
I'm not promising anything you'll
definitely be able to in the Hat so
there you go guys subscribe to their
channel find the rippers vol 1 video and
do a ridiculous comment and you have a
chance to win the hat so that is it i'm
gonna go i'm gonna get up and I'm gonna
throw a hoodie across the room at my
computer kidding I don't have a hoodie
but I have tennis balls that was really
good look at this you see this it like
can you see that in the camera it's up
it's right there subscriber died goodbye
you
