yeah can I get a number I just fell
inside your restaurant with a side of on
my face I don't know it wasn't funny I
was trying to make it funny and it
wasn't I'm I'm sorry my man walked in
the door
dude there's water everywhere that
wasn't gross yes potato what did you do
to that like holding my hand was is that
a recording was that um no actually
we're that was a recording there's no
way that was a human is a racist that it
sounded like a black god dude I've made
such a mess that's like the one time I
feel bad because the dude is pretty
pretty nice so it was like are you all
right it's completely fine that you just
like sprayed me with water and salad I
don't you don't mention I mean the ranch
all over the place it's like in their
carpet they were nice
I am sorry Wendy's
Oh
alright guys so few of you have already
seen this clip it was actually on my
second channel and the other day I was
trying to think about what video was
gonna upload today when I was like you
know what that's a funny clip and it was
on my second channel and I never used my
second channel so I thought I would
upload it here
for those of you who have not seen it
hope you guys dug it the actual prank
video I will link at the end of this
that was off from fast-food idiot 3
which is called the fast-food idiot
attack on the drive-through which I had
a lot of fun doing so check that out if
you haven't seen it but I always have
new videos coming at you guys so stay
tuned and the next prank video I'm
trying to do is case the phase 3 which
I'm really trying it's just cold and
dark and wintery out there so I'll get
it done as soon as I can and I'll be
back to my I got a cat meowing at me
what what again how you doing it you
want to you want to meow and they rub my
video that's right I didn't think you
did ok yeah won't you just step back but
if you guys want to see more of my
videos click this right here that will
subscribe to my channel and if you
haven't seen the original brand kaboom
right down there and if you know if you
have seen it go watch it again
or watch it two times now I want you to
type something weird just check it out
I'll talk to you guys in the future
goodbye
you
