what's up guys so I'm putting a complete
skateboard together today and a lot of
you people have asked for my setup video
so I'm gonna do it right now right here
I'm going to put my board together and
fill you in on what I skate it's pretty
nasty day outside it's gross and rainy
um or else I would be doing this at the
skate parks first thing is first I ran
at eight point one two five revenge deck
of course and I've been skating eights
my entire life I've tried different
sizes but I recently switched to a eight
point one to five and I love this size
so I've been skating this recently and
it's perfect for me I'm going to apply a
sheet with jessep grip tape on here
because that's just what you do with
grip tape on skateboard so let's do this
this is really hard to stand behind us
bar the board together so use like I'm
reaching like different weird angles to
do it listen if you like a lot of people
are freaks about the grip tape I really
don't care because a bad grip tape job
or do a good just hip job the board
still skates the same so I kind of just
go at it so for all your grip tape
perfectionist out there I'm sorry if I'm
a vendor
just put this board together voila board
grip tape put together let's move on to
the next part alright guys so I have
some 54 millimeter wheels right here I
usually always skate bones STS but I am
testing out some new wheels because we
might be getting revenge wheels man so
I'm testing these out these are 54s i've
always skated fifty four 55s obviously I
can do 56 I like a wheel that I can
skate it for a while and it has time to
wear down and
even 54 kind of looks moldy right now
but this is what I'm going to rock I've
been skating these for 14 years so it
hasn't changed I honestly feel like they
used to be a little better but they I
guess they have like red super value
plus or something which you like go up a
level so I might try those out soon but
uh Reds have never really done me wrong
so I like them and I'm gonna use them in
this set up throwing your bearings does
nothing but he kind of makes you feel
good where you're setting up your board
I would think of unorganized kid playing
it to toys escape Orion trucks um and
these are medium-sized 140s good for
like an eight eight point one two five
but I have a new pair of these that's
sitting in my house but these are
perfectly good someone escape these this
is the worst part of putting a board
together is getting the ax the axle nut
bolt thingy
get back on your friggin axle but
there's one smooth we're almost getting
there I am skating some Shorty's
hardware I usually skate whatever
hardware I like hardware that has like a
different color bolt at the front of the
deck so you don't have to worry about
like that is my nose and uh comes open
but this one does not have it but
Shorty's used to have Silverados and I
don't live it up and make it anymore but
they should because those are the best
hardware ever you had two silver bolts
at the front is like I know which way my
boards going to eat but basic Shorty's
hardware it will do the job okay man
style
I'm totally gonna steal a white bolt for
my last setup so I know which way my
nose is what I'm thinking about here's
some shock pads
um they're kind of like really small
risers I I've always used these these
are actually navigator riser pads I used
to skate for a navigator like nine years
ago and I still have these and I just
it's good on your board it's like it's a
little less stress you'll get less
stress cracks on it your board will just
be stronger maybe like I'm a strong
board let's do this and you'll do go in
everything not true but it's I like I
like stock pads and boom here is my
complete skateboard guys just to
reiterate I have eight point one two
five amends Nick Jessop griptape
Shorty's hardware I have a Ryan trucks I
have some wheels that might be revenge
wheels in the future I'm testing them
out to see how they feel and if they
feel good they'll be revenge wheels here
in the coming months I have Reds
bearings and then I have some really old
navigator truck
shock pads because I like shock pads
also I have boom box relief troopers
I've been skating this issue for years
and years and years I love it so this is
my complete setup it is now going to
switch to some footage of me skating the
setup somewhere I have no idea wind I
have no idea where but that doesn't
matter because you're gonna watch it on
the screen
hope you guys dug this video thank you
for watching goodbye
all right so my board feels good I hope
you guys like the video
I'm gonna go subscribe or die goodbye I
might try to go sue this guy I'm done
with cat Oh run away hey you're running
into a place that you can't even get out
oh we accept you have a secret door all
right
you
