go back to where you came from
all right I'm attached now why don't why
are you having to do this yeah what day
is it Brian it's work house Wednesday
when you have Ken comes I've got coffee
so yeah is where else Wednesday it is
are you ready for this I do
Thomas is being stretched out by Stevie
that is a very weird thing you guys mean
to look really weird right now get ready
you're over there hang comfy
heck cut handcuffed it hey how many
times is he gonna say Thomas is going
today I have no idea what he's doing
I just touched your beer darn it go
ahead and take over he does wine you
have to warm up you got to do five
tricks are you listening yeah
you have you five tricks to warm up
holding that tone he's gonna tell you
what tricks to do I'm gonna tell her
what tricks and tell you to do you gotta
do those then you have a mystery
challenge then you have to do a fake
e720 big flip off the ramp you have
let's say 11 minutes let's be original
alternating if you do it one you get 30
bucks if you don't do it you have to eat
a evil concoction we make up in the
distribution sites ten tacos what I was
up to that man when did he tell Callie
last year when I fell like 10 tricks off
the kicker oh I remember that yeah okay
cool let's go inside let's do all this
do you agree
here we have 30 bucks we don't owe then
please lose this they're always you have
for shoes and say the for your price
okay shoes is everyone coming or they
just hanging outside how are you dude
I'm all right it's been a second since
we've had you know I missed this well
there's good there's our friends throw
the card over here Casey
why do you ever shoe off I have rocks in
my shoe so I'm thinking I'm thinking 180
into the bank so Thomas is great at the
hardest ring in the world but then the
basic tricks he's kind of weird out
sometimes because the front side
one-eighty into the bank to warm up are
you kidding me
no that's holding that color connect
what late on my night don't do that 180s
into banks are harder than ever then one
would think it'd been regardless but
Thomas doing it a special all right do
it
there you go for number two number two
ollie the five stair holders go oh my
god yeah he has a bum wrist we won't
make you do anything down the five sir
after this
is what
success dude we should make him do a
nose meal and have it on on his head hey
what'd you do nose meal in the box with
that as your hat it really is
yeah you suck you did good switch 50:50
shove it out with the cone yeah he
locked out the lock back in which locked
in I'm good to him here one alright good
job to get them in the spinny motion you
can do fakie big spins on hips right
yeah that'll get you warmed up to start
flinging that board
that was really good get on for sure
yeah
mystery countersign what's up you go sit
right over there I'm gonna get something
for you know for me for you hey I know
you're busy working but if you want to
watch Thomas sing it's about to happen
yeah it's gonna be good you like that
I'm gonna make you sing a song about
Batman for your mystery challenge okay
me yeah how can I sing you just singing
it's like use your voice like so like
KFC chicken use your voice and just you
know so you're gonna sing a song about
Batman will eat all yours yeah I mean
it's gonna be a sweet song okay okay no
it's did these mister challenges are
supposed to be good are you ready
okay
there was a boy
a rich boy and the parents died and that
he became Batman
and he met Robin and then to be partners
in crime this joke
move to both times and
situation started wait through the
measure so I was like I just get playing
I gotta catch up with you doing the
splits and a stupid ollie yeah Wow we're
seriously very helpful Thomas right now
I knew with Manuel we're jerks that was
not nice list are you just gonna drop in
and do it
excuse me you think this is going down I
hope so well yeah we all hope we'll get
all these people we all hope so
you got your ketchup tray eleven minutes
11 minutes 11 minutes wherever you go
we'll start it
that was a fantastic first girl he has
to do a 720 I mean I can see why you
think it's terrible but it's fun and at
peace
it's been 30 seconds he's basically not
gonna land oh I could have hit you so
much harder on accident I didn't mean to
come in contact I was crying under this
yeah yeah
really fast and then you were done was
that 720 that was it whoa
what do you think I think it's really
good dude I get to see your mouth ah
that's terrible well if he lands this if
this is not the ferry
like no one messes these up anymore is
it supposed to flip yes big flip look at
the title up there
that third try all right pause it took
you just
Finke 720 big flipped easier than you
ollie to set of stairs
I would like to thank you guys all for
checking this out Thomas's impose in the
description below its presents I thought
we were setting up for failure no one
loses these ever your video part you
could have done that down instead of
stairs yes I could next one next one you
get instead of 30 bucks who wants juice
you approve sure
look I shoes you I think that the ass
what was it called Alex you want these
all right present time here the other
side of this door is the Shred quarters
calm here before yeah and we have shoes
for you I hope so well now we do I'm not
lying it's not you're grounded I'm not a
bear either hey what size you wear we're
tens you want the Swift dude black black
Swift obviously if you're yeah go with
the Swift strips amazing you're gonna
love it
do that about the new one you want the
sense I tried a monkey over there
those are like sporty-er Swift's right
mm-hm these are the winners now I'll
just super send about the foam let's see
I need I get groceries well there you go
all right thank you good job horrendous
where else one day these red swiss went
so fast we literally have fought like
six Lex these the one of my feet there
they progressed greatest use ever these
ones
yes what why did you do that I don't
know thank you so much for being on this
dude hey I was fun thank you your killer
I'm gonna you want me to skateboard just
for fun and Anna sure okay not that that
wasn't fun but let's go off camera and
thank you guys for watching if you guys
want to see more videos for me I do
videos here all the time just hit the
subscribe button right down below the
video it's free your son to see more and
that's it we're done I'm gonna go
skateboard and have a fun time do it the
fact that you did that that fast means I
get more time to skate for myself I'm
finally I'm gonna be with and welcome I
didn't you don't have to tell me to have
fun I'm gonna do it with you
but I do know that Thomas is a guy I am
a dude
yes a buddy
