so those were some amazing skateboarding
tricks my gosh that was Doug desa tells
he is am skater here on YouTube and yeah
I felt like the world more people needed
to know about this dude because he is
one talented skateboarder he is actually
a shred cast brother of mine I do a
weekly podcast about skateboarding and
he's one of the dudes it doesn't with me
but I was talking about was like dude
more people need to know who you are
because you do some crazy tricks I mean
you see all the flipper II and the
flapper II I'll even know what that
means but but it happens many skates
there's some flip and flap his nuts so I
told him to send me this footage and I
want to post it to tell you guys about
Doug desa tells or am skater as you guys
will know him he is truly amazing on a
skateboard he has some crazy footage of
himself and he actually has some footage
like I'm talking to the pros and whatnot
he's friends with a lot of pros out
there so there's some awesome content on
his channel go check him how to be a
link right down there and at the end of
the video when the music starts to be
able to click that and go to his channel
when I did not tell him I was going to
do is that I was going to broadcast to
the entire world that he has never eaten
a burrito in his entire life I did get
this far in life and never had a burrito
like oh my gosh so come on and give this
video a thumbs up if you want to
encourage Doug to eat a burrito I swear
I'm gonna hunt him down one day and be
like you're gonna eat this and I'm gonna
film it and we're gonna make a video out
of it but I hope you guys enjoyed that
footage he is one awesome dude and he's
amazing skateboarder go check him out
and then on his video be like Andy no
don't even say any sent me just say Doug
please eat a burrito you got to eat a
burrito blow his videos up with please
eat a burrito I would talk to you guys
in the future guys more content is
always come and subscribe or die goodbye
cell phone away just through an iphone
onto the carpet didn't hurt it
and just when you thought the video is
over it's not because I got one more
clip of Doug's to show you this is a
crazy biker knocking himself out at a
skate park watch this all right how
ridiculous was that that guy was out
cold and it actually made to rob
dyrdek's ridiculousness not that I just
used the word really goes twice okay it
made it to a TV show and that was crazy
so uh check out Doug's channel I'm going
to go for real this time guys good to
the x
you
