Liz me Brad is anyone getting this same
commercial on every YouTube video they
watched the last two weeks you know the
one with the girl and the heart sit on
the couch making out with a laptop yeah
Liz needs to date Brad so we can stop
watching this commercial one and fri
people watching this I'm gonna throw
this ball at your face boom you just got
hit in the face on YouTube but for real
youtube what is up guys this year is an
update video where I'm gonna ramble on
about some stuff I got some cool stuff
to show you and I'm gonna fill you in
about what's going on with my life but
first thing is first I recently hit 80
thousand subscribers and I'm really
excited about that guys when I first
started doing YouTube I thought anything
over 10,000 was insane and I would never
reach it but here I am chugging along at
80,000 and I'm really really excited and
thankful to have all you people watching
my videos so I just want to say thank
each and every one of you guys you guys
are the best and i will keep making
these videos if you keep watch them in
fact i would probably keep making them
if you get stopped watching because i
really like what I do to celebrate I
think I'm gonna throw this ball out of
toy robot let's do this but before I
start talking about things that are
going on my life I have two things that
need to tell you about first okay I've
had a cluttered desk top four months now
and everyone comments on my videos like
dude you need to clean your desktop
brats like I know this I see my desktop
every day okay I know more than you that
I need to clean my desktop but I finally
did that it's a lot better it has like
12 icons on a total in comparison like
40 but when I was cleaning it I found a
bunch of random video clip so you guys
probably haven't seen before so these
are these are old but uh here is a
montage of random video clips from my
desktop watch
dude you're like and the second thing I
wanted to point out is that my haircut
sucks if you want me to cut it go down
and give this video a thumbs up if you
don't me to cut it go down and give this
video a thumbs up it gives enough thumbs
up I'm gonna cut it and that didn't have
to make sense so things that are
happening in my life 2013 is going to be
the craziest year ever okay I'm getting
married and I have my honeymoon in the
middle of summer in april i have a huge
event coming up that i can't tell you
the info on just yet but i will release
the information and that's gonna be a
pretty big part of the year for me I'm
going to California twice this year to
film for the revenge video which that's
another thing I got to film the revenge
video I gotta film will revenge season
four like its just oh my gosh I get a
headache just trying to wrap my brain
around everything I have to do this year
speaking of revenge revenge is doing
amazing okay last month was our
record-breaking month of all time and
we're actually to the point where we're
looking to get a warehouse and start
selling even more decks like we're going
to be doing a bigger operation now and
it's all thanks to you guys I want to
say thank you so much to everyone who
supported us if we get this warehouse
I'm going to put a little skate park in
it'll be like my own little fantasy
factory type thing and the content list
channel is going to go up and I'm gonna
be able to practice my skating at any
time of the day and oh my gosh it's
going to be amazing it's gonna be good
for everybody and so yeah I just want to
say thank you guys revenge is actually
out of stock right now we just sold out
last week of decks we have like eight
point two fives in that's it and we have
more decks coming today I think as
you're watching this video later today
we should be getting more decks in if
not tomorrow so check back we're getting
in a couple different graphics and then
we're getting in all sizes so we'll have
text I know a lot of people are itching
to buy some they'll be here any moment I
apologize for the small gap in the
ability we're just selling too much
product another thing I need to talk to
you guys about is shred cast this is a
podcast all about skateboarding and I'm
in it along with black ninja Josh Eminem
cats Doug desa tells of am skater on
youtube and then Basque with is also
involved with it and we just talked
about skateboarding our own experiences
skateboarding and then we answer
questions because it's done live so if
you want to get filled in on about this
there'll be a link to our Facebook page
down there and then also put put black
ninjas youtube channel which if you have
subscribed to him you
to be already he's really funny guy and
he's an awesome skateboarders so he
actually has the first two episodes of
shred cast on his channel if you want to
check those out but if you want to stay
up to date with all the things at us on
facebook i know that's a lot of
information i just threw out you I'm
sorry but it's really cool and I think
you'll like it if you tune in one of our
episodes I got new jeans but I've been
talking long enough so i'm gonna start
wrapping this video up videos i'm
focusing on right now is cakes to the
face three it's been a really lousy
winter so i haven't had a chance to go
out and film it i know i've been talking
about this forever but i've written as
soon as i get some good weather i'm
gonna go out there and do it i hope you
guys liked my Christmas prank video I
did the last month that was a lot of fun
doing but I really want to get cake
space then so I'm focusing on that I
also have some skate park parts coming
up of Thomas and then over on Alex
channel is going to be Sam and an Alex
himself and then a J so i'll probably on
my channel here too so stay tuned for
all this stuff guys I really appreciate
watching my videos thanks for getting me
to 80,000 and I will be I will be here
in the i will be talking to you the
future that's i'm trying to say haha and
on that note i'm going to go in for my
ender i'm going to throw this in the air
and then throw the ball and hit this
wallets in the air okay starting for
this that was not exciting at all
subscribe or die
a pink suit now it's really cute now
it's on record now but I just want to
say thanks to each every one of you guys
if you want to uh if you want to speak
words that are correct your punishment
India is a face to your keyboard face
you keyboard keyboard my face no no I
actually brought my face to my keyword
that was correct you did something right
for once Andy idiot if you like me to
cut my hair go down and give this video
a thumbs up if you like me to cut my
hair go down and say the right words you
rabbit idiot did I just call myself a
rabbit idiot the closer I get to the
camera the creep here and more out of
focus i am the more you're thinking
about change this video and if you do
you'd probably see something oh oh my
gosh my eyes like stupid info just yet
spill shut up and eat awkwards look at
the wall why am I going by the wall
here's my head boom and Brian I was just
filming a YouTube video and I smacked
myself in the face and then you called
yeah how do you feel what that you're
live on YouTube
you
