what's up guys so it is 8:30 a.m. and
I'm at the Cincinnati Airport I just
waited in the longest line ever for
security like at the end of it I
expected to get on the front seat of
rollercoaster but uh let's go to San
Francisco California now and boom I'm in
San Francisco I'm gonna go meet Joel at
3rd and army which is the legendary spot
let's do this
Joel Joel is not here I am myself at
Third Army
Joel exists dude it's just me and a
homeless dude up here I have ten tries
to land a frontside boardslide
sex-change lip slide on this and if I
don't land ups in those ten tries before
duffle gets hit me in the face I'll get
a pie u-haul oh I'm eating a ten tricks
for a taco taco with the ten tricks for
a taco dog isn't that awesome rabies
right all right all right
ha ha ha I just stood in forever
no it's definitely been a while I'm
ready to throw down yeah I'm right after
I shower we're here Martinez skatepark
alright guys we're done skin.that park
we skated for like two seconds and now
we're off to camp with some
skateboarding bikers what to say guys
yeah you plan to head there see this
these are my rat whiskers yeah they
don't grow too much so appropriately
we're gonna get into my rental car the
chevy sonic and go hang out with some
bikers I have not had del Taco in like
eight years and I am so excited to eat
here this is like getting to a good
skate spot for me
yeah I mean you're gonna offer time
within one this is like look it's like
the perfect fight dude you got the chili
and the cheese and the fry oh I mean you
know it's like so that's such a pretty
cool shot isn't it we're are very agile
welcome to Mammoth Lakes this place is
Walker's this is amazing yeah
but yeah we're gonna burn a tried
skipper dear not try we are going to
hit it oh my gosh maybe maybe not
high-five with bloody hands anymore how
about that yeah good idea
yes skate knob nature
whoever skate knives in the world
alright so after two and a half hours of
sleep we are headed to LA and it's gonna
be a long day it's gonna be a really
long day but we're gonna skateboard it's
gonna be good I am here in the beautiful
San Clemente California with the none
other than boom what's up guys how we
doing Ryan Sheckler yeah we're here yeah
didn't you throw your helmet away and
that I trashed every day that was the
start of it all that's like the most
famous trashcan in the world we're at
the Barry skate plaza in Westchester in
LA and we're gonna skateboard and rad
face is gonna destroy this place and I
might get a trick who knows
what's this that wasn't good enough
alright Jamie Thomas who the man himself
can I show you down yeah all right
I'm chasing him with a high-five boom
and boom my journey is done my trips
over and it was really fast and really
busy I didn't have time to do anything
include you know filming Clips like this
telling you guys what I'm doing but
record on the hope you guys like this
I'm gonna fly to Cincinnati now I'll
catch you guys in the future and this is
a book
so hey YouTube what's up we are at Metro
skate shop yeah I know we already did it
but Andy shrunk up it makes it yeah no
no we don't need to tape but guess who
is taping your TV yeah this is an after
clip but that's gonna produce shot
