I thoroughly enjoyed watching that big
flip it was very good and I hope you
guys dug the footage to that was Edward
comma Dolan I've actually featured him
on my channel before when he was Green
Dragon for 48 but his channel Green
Dragon 448 got closed down I have no
idea like Simon Garfunkel came in and
they're like hey let's look I I'm making
that up I have no idea why his account
got closed but he has started a new
channel he is now just Edward comma
Dolan or I don't know what the URL is
exactly but his new channel was right
down there I wanted to help mount and
let you guys know that green dragon for
frame is still on YouTube he just has a
new channel so if you know who he is go
subscribe 2 digit news absolutely if you
know who he is go subscribe to his new
channel if you don't go check him out
because he has a lot of awesome content
he has a really talented skateboarder so
go check him out support him show show
him your love whatever you gonna do here
on the internet and enjoy his skating
cuz it's really good I just want to give
you guys a heads up and share some
footage with you i hope you guys dug
that i'm going to what's this do it on
my wall so I'm gonna go guys I'll talk
to you in the future sure goodbye
