right in come here oh my gosh what's up
dude it is time to make a video I don't
know what we're gonna make it on though
we're do hockey well we don't have an
ice rink hockey he's onto something
we're doing house hockey today and this
could be a lot of fun we've done how
soccer we've done house baseball we've
done a house bowling we've never done
house hockey and we realized because go
get the go get it go get that yeah it
came with the soccer set but we can do
some trick shots with this yeah this is
gonna be fun
oh yeah sure go get him there he is
all right dos do you want to play he
definitely loves the camera doesn't here
have a stick you dropped it before we do
this I think you tried to save him
before we do strict shots with Darth
Vader the handless Darth Vader as the
goalie you got to get a shot past me are
you ready for that challenge let's go
put it over there cuz it's an open area
and then you're gonna have to you have
to do it okay all right toast are you
gonna make this difficult and get our
hockey puck yeah throw that as a
distraction nailed it
all right so I'm gonna be the goalie
right he's gonna go down there and try
to get it in here without me hitting it
away you ready for this it is me hard
because I am a great goalie
I've actually never goaltend in my life
this is the tiniest hockey stick ever
all right yeah
immediately immediately hitting the toe
of course and then we'll do trick shots
okay I'm gonna put the camera right back
here write it right for the first trick
shot we got the stairs okay you want to
do it and I'll be down here oh we need
your fader for this a one-handed goalie
you do not know the power of beating a
puppy bring the hand in to poor Darth
Vader all right this is what I came up
with he's holding the stick with his
stuff oh he dropped it I don't know if
he'll block any goals with that but at
least you have your stick all right Ryan
you ready you got to do it from right
there okay this is honestly gonna be
pretty easy buddy yeah are you ready
what do it oh wow wow wow wow you hit a
stick Heilig darth vader literally
blocked the goal the stick didn't fall
you're messing with us Darth Vader
you're better than we thought you were
ready when you are
oh my oh my god oh my god I think he
used the force cuz it was going in and
then just didn't oh my gosh
help us hockey stick the whole time hey
are you being a bully don't be a bully
boiling is not nice hey you didn't have
much to say did he I got a good one
this way I'm gonna get over there I'm
gonna hit it against the wall hopefully
toast doesn't take the ball and then
it's gonna Bank off this and go in the
goal I think I got it can you film what
cool
time I stay well toast went in the
bedroom we're good so good thank you
it's your turn to do a trick and ridin
you have to do it every time I'm sorry
go to the bathroom shot okay right next
to a toilet all right we'll do it this
one though Darth Vader is really getting
sick of doing these videos aren't isn't
he good Darth Vader we need to look
better than Dolph fatal he'd be a better
goalie wouldn't it
geez this is gonna be hard dude this is
gonna be really hard
well at least like it's gonna be
somewhat difficult because you got to go
and like it a straight line okay okay I
think we're just gonna have Darth Vader
on the toilet he's gonna sit this one
out okay yeah all right so you're gonna
have to go right into it okay you got
this much room hey are you up for it
okay actually I think there's you be
easy you got this to it but he didn't
you didn't do it first try
thank you bye YouTube they say it's okay
alright get off yeah yeah I helped to go
over there well Darth Vader you got to
get back to work now
yeah I need appreciate that game dude
don't don't touch a guy who's using the
bat the restroom
alright this is that one was easy I have
a ramp down here you're gonna hit it
it's gonna launch up the stairs and into
the goal not toast okay you want to do
that is it be fun alright let's get the
stuff here's the ramp up there do it oh
alright you ready do it
whoa Darth Vader's ready for you yeah
that was like easier for you than the
bathroom shot dude yeah oh yeah you're
gonna do that yeah no you're not gonna
do it Yuri okay I can do it there's
gonna be the finale there are you sure
you think so I almost see left-handed
okay one two three
that was super easy I know that was too
easy
you can do it dude that'd be cool here's
your here's the thing okay just hit that
one hit that one and oh go in ya toes do
you want to do it you might do it buddy
yeah do it
come on toast is rooting for you totally
blocked it Oh Mike you did it I knew you
could do it can you high-five me though
when it's all the way up here so there
was house hockey do you have fun doing
that well we have so much fun doing
these sports videos and we've done a lot
of sports I don't know which one we're
gonna do next but we'll find another one
to do which what do you wanna do house
karate yeah I'd have to we'd have to be
creative for that one but thank you guys
for watching I do videos here all the
time often at least once a week with my
little dude here and we love doing
videos if you want to see more videos
from me are you skateboarding I do
lifestyle stuff just a bunch of fun
stuff I have my dog in videos sometimes
but I have a lot of fun so the subscribe
button is right down below you hit that
your sign up to see more videos from me
it's free it's easy and I would
appreciate that
yeah and it's lunchtime for us yeah yeah
we're gonna do some lunch you guys have
a great day and toast you want to say
subscribe or bark he didn't bark so I
guess he's okay so he didn't subscribe
if he barks well okay okay best of both
worlds right yeah let her guys know oh
that's cute
I don't know why you guys just sit here
staring at me importing this black
plastic thing at me
I'm doing nothing I'm just hanging out
relaxing and wait it does kind of smell
funny let me smell it again
yeah no it smell smells like you too
yeah oh you're scratching back of my
head that's cool
thanks me thanks little human all right
you guys can go um goodbye whatever I
got to say just and please leave me
alone
