so the clip you're about to watch us
unfortunately dark but that's what
happens when you skate tonight if you
get dark footage the important part is
they can still make out what's happening
so that further ado I give you the
dumbest skate fall in the world
how does that even happen like he fell
off his board and he's running to get
back on it for whatever mission is in
his head and he gets back on it and then
he falls I kind of looks like a face
planted and slid a little bit and clips
like this are kind of like a
double-edged sword you get up and you're
like oh that hurts but I totally got it
on tape and I can watch it laughs myself
and then a second later you're like oh
my gosh I got it on tape it's gonna go
to youtube and the whole world's gonna
make fun of me am I getting a thumbs
down wait no I'm get thumbs up does that
mean they like my fall oh my brain just
exploded into lucky charms no I'm
kidding guys if you don't like me you're
completely okay with people laughing at
your expense in fact that's what I do
for a big chunk of my living as people
laughing at my expense and I'm cool with
it but this is not me this is actually
my good friend West Pritchard who
started revenge with me back in the day
like he helped me start it when it was
just a crew before was a company and he
was one heck of a skateboarder you guys
have been watching her events for a
while you know that he can he can throw
down some tricks today he doesn't skate
so much he is a family man he works hard
but he's still a great friend of mine I
talked to every once in a while and but
I bet you to this day he could totally
still let fall on his face like that and
land tricks he's that talented
skateboard he can do both he can land
the good tricks and fall in his face
it's fantastic but I know you guys miss
him so give this video a thumbs up if
you'd like to see a guest appearance of
West maybe he'll watch this video be
like calm and a lot of people want to
see me so that'll be cool to get him to
come out for a day and here's no I'm
doing this I'm not trying to put you on
the spot West but that'll be cool I miss
you buddy but I'm gonna go guys there's
some skate footage of West after the
outro I'm gonna throw this pan and then
exit the frame okay wow totally stuck in
the ceiling that was pretty neat I'm
gonna go down oh gosh I just got a shin
shot into death huh I was stupid
laughing my expense how about that
subscribe to die
Oh
yeah that totally just has been how do
you met how do you can get an S in that
word that doesn't even work you just see
that the pen like you exploded hi if you
like this video then hit this button to
subscribe for more if you didn't like
this video hit this button to subscribe
for more you wanna see an old video boom
this is me filming my friend and he gets
mad and hits me in the face with the
camera pretty entertaining I liked it
subscribe or die
you
