Dana left 9 is happening right here
right now first off I'm gonna stop being
naked and put a shirt on then I'm gonna
go wake up my family and tell them it's
a day-in-the-life 9 let's do this
let there be light right right oh you're
awake
it's Dan like 9 these are like dad I
want to go back to see if I'm gonna fall
over momentarily look at this okay okay
instant smile are you happy to be awake
and be alive today ah I missed to you
the morning
I missed you good morning Who am I
what's my name
terribly just nailed it buddy good five
that is my boy let's go wake up mom
it's a day in the life nine are you
ready babe it's a day in the life nine
hey you want a baby I got a baby for you
here's your son your child here there he
is you gave birth to him hit the green
dude boom you nailed that yeah now he
said yeah now try to eat it
here's a quick nerdy fact I do we fit
every single day it helps me keep track
of how much weight I'm losing and then
it kind of motivates me to lose weight
too so if my rocks and then this right
here totally looks like me three years
ago
here's otter my new cat best cat in the
whole world aren't you buddy you want to
play you want to tap my hand you want to
tap my hand yeah yeah good cat good
kitty you're good kitty alright so I
hung out with the family for a couple
hours and now I'm over to my office to
do some work and it's Saturday yes I
work every single day but then we have
some video to be filming
we're gonna go to Ollie's today because
it's raining we were gonna go sit read
skate try get some clips but that's not
happening because it rains every day in
Cincinnati every every every every every
and it is lunch virtual time guys today
it's Jimmy Johnson TV show I do not know
what I'm gonna watch but I'm gonna find
something
scissors get out of the way moral of
today's video do not throw scissors work
is done and now we have an army to go to
Ollie's you guys are ready to just get
all these know it oh wait oh you have a
dragon dude oh yeah let's put that out
yeah let's go grab that whip it out like
it's like nothing right now it's like
weird but what's this but down I don't
know if this will work with the fisheye
oh it works dude oh my gosh you see the
dragon up and down no way dude how does
that work how does that even work
and now let's looking from this side
it's just a piece of paper magical
dragon dude mr. chef you are the master
I didn't read it I didn't know I know
you are if you were the king of Reddit
he could find the most entertaining
things in the world on reddit mm-hmm
let's go skateboard is your phone not
working it's not loading three jeeps
more like no G
do a trick right shots oh I love it a
trick so how you doing buddy
I didn't either until it rain what's up
guys I do it I'm doing a video right now
say what's up to you too
buddy
good set we are done with Ollie's I
think I'm getting sick and that sucks
but I think these dudes want to eat I'm
not gonna eat though I'm gonna try to
eat with my lady I think I might I might
try to go out date tonight and that
might be whack look at Justin L see he's
kind of gaining some weight my bad but
he's not that was alive from the ground
up to this guy I am home skating was
successful I was swimming for three
different videos I got footage for all
of them so rock on but I do get to go on
a date now I'm really excited I gotta
get cleaned up and then my fianc it's
got to get home and she's got your
cleaned up and then we're going to pee
of Chang's begin getting cleaned up all
right so I've been ready for like 40
minutes and Brittany is a girl so she
has a for effort to get ready so I'm
gonna go play guitar and wait till she's
ready to go and you're probably saying
where's the baby while riding this as
Grandparents tonight so we're gonna pick
him up after we get out of dinner that's
the plan
I got red shoes you take forever babe no
no yes you do no it's been like an hour
it's total about I'll show you but look
at her room babe it's a mess than
YouTube seeing it yeah sound like you
really cared there
couches in the bathroom it's no wonder
girls spend so much time in public
restrooms you ready let's do this babe
PF Changs TV it's gonna be good we're
gonna eat it and it's gonna be like oh
my gosh okay yep guess what are you
putting on your lips lip stain what does
that do being a dude is so much simpler
it really is beautiful I know I don't I
should have wore a button-up - I was
thinking that but I don't want to throw
in a while so I'll do this PF Changs
this is delicious you sitting on your
creature like man I wish I had something
that delicious
you really are that's what you're
feeling right now I'm telling you
nothing against rise aleinu but you
should like I would miss this
by translating and we are at Grandma and
Grandpa's house of ridin to pick ridin
up who just woke up how good the timing
is that he knows we're here and he's
like I want to see my mom and dad buddy
you do not want to be awake do you call
me here already I missed you buddy
are you gonna bad buddy say goodbye you
two you always having me say stuff dad
I won't make you same goodnight
I love you thanks for watching my dating
life guys that was a Saturday day for me
the whole thing that's it that's it you
won't play Mario bed ok bye YouTube
subscribe or die
all right oh you are killing it dude
you're doing so good all right walk all
the way to the Christmas tree or sit
down and crawl
you
