oh yes yes cuz this is a photographer
Brian age so you don't throw your in
the air we know okay so everyone alright
guys so I guess this is technically a
throwaway video but I hope you guys
liked what you saw I was really excited
about that cake from at the end because
my friend who is a professional
photographer hadn't skated in about two
or more years and he threw down that
kickflip first session in forever so we
were really excited for him but right
there that feature video is another
episode of life with Paul Rodriguez it
has amazing stuff as always make sure
you check it out subscriber network a if
you haven't already and tell them I set
you that would be so cool but I'm gonna
go guys I'm gonna try not to be sick I'm
getting sick and it sucks and I'm gonna
go goodbye
