alright guys so here's a new segment on
my channel called life lessons it's a
little bit of advice that makes you just
better at life in general you know when
you're in a group of people talking and
a light bulb goes on above your head and
you're like yeah I really want to tell
this story to this person because it's
gonna be super interesting so you start
telling your story - but boom they're
not listening anymore right because
you're talking to Jimbo or Sally or
Keanu Reeves and they finally gets out
talking they're like hey oh he's saying
something dude and you're like yeah I
was saying something but I'm not gonna
repeat it again because I was halfway
through my story and you were talking to
Rick stick Bob over there not listening
to me
these situations just suck and it
happens to a lot of people that have a
lot of awesome things to say but worry
not guys I have a solution to this there
are four simple words you can say that
will stop any conversation and bring the
attention to you my grandma is pregnant
you say those four words and it stops
any conversation anywhere and it doesn't
even matter what conversation they're
having okay there's something in their
brain that flips a switch is like I need
to listen to whatever weirdo just said
that Billy does kind of have weird
elbows hey my grandma's pregnant what I
will tell you how I won the lottery my
grandma is pregnant what did you say you
really want to get a divorce
that's how you my grandma was pregnant
this can wait honey say that again
it honestly works 90% of the time I
promise you guys and a great thing about
this is that the older you get the more
effective it is because when you get to
be like 50 years old they're gonna be
like okay clearly that's not possible
here there's something wrong with this
dude but hey it stopped their
conversation and they're paying
attention to you now even if they think
you're insane my point is is that it
worked there you go guys there's my
little piece of advice to make you
better at life maybe it doesn't make you
better at life maybe it just makes you
weird but it's effective nonetheless
seriously go out and try it you know
around people that your neck of FN don't
generate your grandparents that'd be a
little awkward but try it guys it's
pretty entertaining and I'll be back but
if you are gonna go try this make sure
you give this video a thumbs up I'm
gonna go guys I'm gonna throw this
bubble wrap back to the camera and I'm
out of here
oh that's right dramatic zoom in didn't
even do that but it was kind of cool
goodbye
if you're watching this you're one of
those people that want to get as much
information out of each YouTube video as
they can so I'm here to give you some
alternatives to saying my grandma's
pregnant these things are all so weird
enough to stop conversation my dad
raised his camels to help needy children
in Texas a lot of people remember who
Hilary Duff is I love saving elephants
open-water was a great movie about
sharks I went on a date with your mom
and bought her toothpaste my uncle is
the shaving cream captain but don't
limit yourself to these weird things
come up with your own ones be wild be
crazy be kids wild and crazy kids
Nickelodeon I remember that show I do
I'm going no one prior remembers that
show
you
