youtube it is December which means I'm
gonna be given free stuff away this
month I did it last year and I'm going
to do it this year starting now every
week for the rest of the month I'm
giving away free stuff so I'll do a
video and your you watch it and you'll
figure out how to win and then try to
win it um this week you're probably
wondering how do I win it no you're not
actually you're probably wondering what
do I win first this week I have a
one-of-a-kind Tok we've done white
lifeline teased before but we've never
done it white with black graphic I
believe and this is like the only one in
existence right now this is a large now
you want to know how do you win right uh
so what you're gonna do is you're gonna
comment on this video and then you're
gonna give it a like when this video
hits let's say five thousand likes I'm
gonna go through and pick a random
commenter for the winner and you're like
whoa dude that's like one in a million
maybe I wanted a million but um I'll
also be doing with every contest i'll be
giving away some free box videos so i
might pick your name to get a runner up
prize free box DVD and i have r avengers
coming into my videos hey guys what's
going on you want to do it or just want
to giggle get in here say hi wait a
minute all right but just to reiterate
guys comment as many times as you want
to give this video a like and what it
hits five thousand likes I will pick a
commenter for the shirt and I'll paper
commenter for the DVD and you can win
anywhere in the world and if you're
hearing of an 18 make sure your parents
are doing this because you're gonna have
to give me your address and they want to
know if you're giving out your address
so uh rock on stay tuned for more
contests throughout the month I'm gonna
be honest the last one probably is going
to be a skateboard deck so stay tuned
guys and then every one of these
contests or giveaway videos I went with
a classic clip that you probably have
already seen but if you're new to my
channel here's a classic clip you
haven't seen ish subscribe
and yes I was just wearing all red make
fun of me subscribe
now hit that like button and get to
commenting guys to enter to win that
t-shirt or the box DVD and here is me
playing the guitar and acting like an
idiot on internet hello you I have a
video for you and no I am NOT going to
sing this entire video oh you know I'm
not I'm not I'm not gonna sing this song
I have not stopped that I have not
stopped don't know
I just propped all of that but I'm gonna
write it now I'm gonna record it I'm
gonna put it on iTunes and make 1
billion dollars babies just go to LA and
become an actor ooh New York Broadway
singer that's what about to do yes
you
