you
captain folder and then you're Layton do
it man it's good
I'm fine knowing that his guys
Oh
oh my god
do you wanna get I hear you sing oh this
hurts
better now in the
that we call a king
Oh
oh my god
just gonna take it
youtube what's up guys so if you've been
watching my channel for a while now
you've probably seen all that footage
those were street clips that made it to
ER avenges or random youtube it is that
weren't good enough to make it to my
video part i'm filming for but you
haven't seen all of it in one place with
music right so i hope you guys dug that
every year I do a skatepark video parts
and this year I was like you know what
I'm gonna do with street too so I
started messing around with I was ok
this is pretty cool so there you guys go
I think I'm going to do it with a the
other guys on the team I'm gonna see
what I have to work with and I'll
definitely do what I can with them but
some of them will probably on Alex
channel too so pay attention to his
channel if you're not subscribed to his
they'll be a link right down there go
check it out and be able to look out for
more street throw away parts and skate
park video parts to come announce to you
guys on the screen for your eyeballs to
watch what I want to stop babbling guys
if you want to subscribe to my channel
to see more videos just click this right
here that'll like I just said subscribe
you get to see more videos like this
prank skits random miss whatever weird
stuff I'm doing and then if you want to
see an old video part of mine that has
music and whatnot on YouTube right here
that's back when I was younger and I had
the opportunity to skate every day and
life was good so check that out and then
i'm gonna go i'm actually going to
destroy my camera for my ender ok
cameras gotta go bye bye it sorry to
burst your bubble people were about to
angrily comment but that was the magics
of editing boom subscribe or die
you
