ha ha
alright so two reasons this video exists
first off some of the tricks in the last
edit I was like man these are really
cool looking trick so I want to play
these is slow mo so uh I'm sorry for
repeat tricks but I hope you guys dug it
in slow mo and another reason i decided
to this video is because I want to help
a friend out I have a girlfriend that
actually does YouTube videos her name is
Hannah is me and she is in a punk rock
band she also works for UK warped tour
like she does videos on the Warped Tour
youtube channel and whatnot she's
awesome and she's in a band and her band
is in a competition to win like a
10-track recording thing and get some
free studio time I don't know but
basically they're gonna be able to
record their music and really good
quality by some really good people and I
want to back that and they're in a
contest I've been pushing this on my
facebook but the other band that's kind
of like neck-and-neck with him like shot
up lately so I'm like all right you know
what I'm gonna help you out Hannah I'm
gonna make this video and send everyone
I can to go vote for this so I'm take a
listen to music actually I want to play
right here right now
it's under dressed
yes that's some pretty good punk rock
music and she's a great voice if you
guys like that please go vote they'll be
a link right down there just click it
and then you'll watch the video and be
like oh it's awesome and then click vote
and if she wins it I will go do an
awkward music video in public okay I'm
going to grab my guitar and I'm just
going to go in public places and sing to
random people about what they're doing
at that moment so I'm gonna be honest
even if she doesn't win I'll probably do
that video but please guys seriously
help me out to help him out and go vote
I appreciate that fully but I'm gonna go
I'm talking away too much I know I have
some more videos coming up this week got
a cute riding video we got some new
skate footage and then I have kind of a
well you'll see what happens um you guys
rock say goodbye to my fridge snowman I
can't move his mouth I'm not even gonna
track good bye guys
