Oh YouTube what is up guys we have a fun
video for today but it might be
difficult because if we're using this
what is this right there's a ping pong
blaster and shoots really watch this see
it shoots really fast it dented the ball
oh my gosh oh you did you you pushed it
it went back in place but yeah this
thing shoots it super fast it carries
three we're gonna do some trick shots
and hopefully we can land one we'll try
to do two each Elise okay are you ready
what let's go get we have a thing of
water right over across the house let's
go do them you want to the first one
yeah alright alright so here's the
blaster this is we're gonna pull this
back into this clothespin can you do
that yeah have you done this before is
it in then you set the ping pong ball
don't shoot it yet okay go so fast
you're gonna play get back there see
it's gonna be really hard because it
goes so fast
we could try okay we will try that but
let's do a simple one first okay I want
you just stand on the stairs and shoot
it directly into of it first once
alright do it because I tested this out
shoot low okay so shoot like right here
on the ground oh that was pretty close
it was like just like three inches away
well then do it a little more they're
gonna hit you okay which sunglasses make
you feel better then what and it flop
you what what does it mean when
sunglasses plop you dude ping pong balls
not gonna break a lens
oh that was cool let's see it oh you
would had it okay
you've been Captain Hook reading a book
on that didn't rhyme but surely dude you
hit the rim man I'll give you a high
five when you land it okay
dealing okay you hit the cup and then
you hit me in the head you just go ahead
and they go like gon right yeah okay
does that make sense - yeah okay good
then what you did it good job by that
wits so fast
that was insane how fast that wind the
fastest trickshot of all time he hit the
rock buddy okay don't drink it all right
so my turn I switch to orange ping pong
balls I'm gonna try to bet I'm gonna try
to blast it off the ground off the wall
into the oh that blasted so far away
we're gonna have to maybe I'll shoot it
off this wall then that wall - over here
rock and roll we got this
yes right ready locked and loaded no it
did not
what did you see that wall in that wall
buddy I promise
do you want to do one more then then
I'll try the big one okay right the
whole time we've been doing this fun
ping pong shooter bagel has been inside
this I think we woke him up okay don't
don't get in there net don't get in that
one either come on let's go I know you
know better to ever shoot ping pong
balls near pictures and stuff okay but
your next shot is gonna be exactly that
picture no don't use the picture watch
I'm gonna move this stuff oh here we are
on a pirate ship remember that so you
have this watch out is loaded you're
gonna be on the ground you're gonna
shoot up here hit it off this and then
it's gonna go into it okay Black
Panthers gonna come in strip and watch
this shot okay the picture yeah this is
like your childhood handprint let's not
have that there I think the rest of the
stuff is durable so you get on the
ground okay and you got to hit it right
up here and make it go in okay
all right you ready do it will you trade
it once you got somebody watching you
okay other than Black Panther another
cat what's her name medicine yes she
does right now I see the P monster okay
well yeah all right too much information
do it oh my gosh on it that would across
the house do it Oh didn't you put your
blanket yeah five you took out like a
champ buddy dude you lowered the blaster
you can't you have to bait get it up
there is that beneath your crying cuz
you're laughing so hard you should get
the sunglasses
there you go that's a lot safer right
you should've listened to me the first
time
you're ravenous all right do it
oh my gosh oh my gosh what that was
awesome it is getting gloomy and dark
outside so I'm gonna do the ender
another day so we're just gonna be
wearing different clothes in two seconds
and I'll do the ender okay yeah you
ready for this that's gonna be awesome
all right it was PJ day at ride into
school so it was a great day for rent
and your setup though that's why he's
got these dinosaur PJs on I think it's
gonna be hard it's not doesn't a
ping-pong ball yeah okay are we ready
yeah you're gonna add a lot I've got six
balls so I gotta run up and down as much
oh dude it was a to light you couldn't
even see the shot this should be a
little better
oh look at it dude look what happened
yeah that's a bummer that was the best
one it was really tough and I know we
could have done it yeah well we just got
to go buy a bigger rubber bands at the
store and then then remake it but yeah
that's I'm saying just use the rubber
bands to fix this one oh we have a
colour which painting yeah and then put
glitter glitter on your face well we
tried I hope you like the three shots
that we did land the ones we did land
were super cool and I'm happy with I
just really wish to be pretty guys the
one that we'd write in or the one that
hit you in the face
the one that went in the shelf that was
a really good one dude I'm proud of you
you stuck with it you did good
I hope you guys liked that video we do
trick shot videos and sports videos and
just fun videos at least once a week
here I do a lot of stuff though I do
skateboarding a new lifestyle if you
guys want to see more from me and
father-son videos just hit the subscribe
button is right below the video you
click it in your sentiment see more we
will fix this and we will redeem
ourselves in some video your class wants
to watch our videos now we'll say hi to
your friends in school you guys have a
great day maybe it's nice outside go
outside and play that's exactly what
we're about to do right we're gonna go
outside and play and it's a little soggy
but it's sunny so I don't care that's it
thanks for watching we'll see you soon
see you tomorrow with the skateboarding
video booble up up he says a lot
that time it's all 65 million here the
cow you can't really see it does that
mean you don't go to bed tonight you
should just stay up all night oh okay
well if you're doing that I guess say
boy
