YouTube what is up guys so uh yeah I got
a package I actually got this package a
little bit ago but they're a finger boys
look I want to talk all about him but
this is from Maggie Plummer she's
brought me a note saying she eats sleeps
and dreams skateboarding which is
awesome and then she's a fan of my
companies so she made me some revive and
force wheels as figure-four it's okay
which is awesome
she put stickers on I made him look
really cool and she sent me like six of
them so nice of you Maggie so I just
want to say thank you and I decided to
make a little video finger boring video
I haven't done this here at my office in
a while so I'm gonna use this ledge
right here which is like the greatest
fingerboard hubba ever I made it in high
school like I've had this thing for a
little while and it rules but before I
get the actual fingerboard I'm gonna go
over them all so here is the first one
this is a forced wheels has some concave
as it lets you do the force wheels logo
right there on the grip tape black
wheels next up we have the 3d script
graphic which I think we still have
right now in our online shop this red
course that's pretty cool I like the
blue wheels it goes with a 3d in this
this one I don't know why but this one
just feels better it's a skinnier ma
it's like the skinnier traditional shape
got some green wheels we've got a gold
circle sticker but it's you know kind of
like doesn't fit it but it's still cool
like the shininess look at the shininess
then we got a cruiser we've got the
graffiti life line if I was a tiny human
I would cruise this down to the beach if
I had a beach I've had a tiny beach
nearby guess the beach doesn't need to
be tiny it can be normal sizes so just a
school I don't know and I only been five
I think I have five there they are
here's the ledge my tiny finger human
guy think what what am I saying I'm
gonna do some finger boarding is what
I'm saying all right so uh I'm gonna try
to do some tricks I've never done in a
fingerboarding video so hopefully I
don't suck or hopefully I don't forget
that I've done these and do them again
but we'll see here it is sorry I had to
all right let's get the fingerboard babe
oh that was terrible
noseblunt Smith grind to sack Smith
grind to land that was a 50-50 I cheated
you guys right there this oh gosh
died right there all right tail side
kickflip oh my gosh it's good thing I'm
not it's a good thing I don't fall like
this with a real skateboard well that
was something
oh geez we're gonna say man I totally
meant to do that my skateboard are so
happy I'm just levitating alright
frontside bluntslide
okay frontside crew grant ah boom nollie
nose blunt I'm gonna go King flipping
this but this is a tough one
I haven't done this one I don't think on
this oh my gosh
this is gonna take me forever
so I blocked it because it flies are the
edge cool there you go
oh my gosh that was it I'm taking it
alright nollie flip lipslide action oh
it's easy with this big one now that I
said that I'm gonna be doing this for
about an hour
all right kickflip frontside nose buddy
come on buddy this is way harder than oh
my gosh Wow yeah a varial flip front
feeble front dark side perfect all right
just make sure I get the front side
notice like so that's what I meant to do
boom that was perfect I always do keep
up front boards because that is easy but
it is pretty rewarding I can't hold the
fingerboard all right it's true hurting
doing the nose line so for my last drink
I'm gonna do a kickflip front blunt
which I've done I just don't think I've
ever filmed it alright let's go are you
ready a little an skateboard I need to
stop talking to my hand that's weird
I don't know if it's weird the video
it's weird to me alright oh you got this
dude oh no you don't
oh come on Oh son cakes what what is the
son cake
oh my gosh thumb get down that was
really cool though okay there you go I
hope that was entertaining and I hope I
did a handful of tricks as I haven't
filmed I know I had some warm-ups in
there that I've definitely filmed but
yeah like I don't do a finger boarding
videos often enough to where ever I
really remember what I did
but fingerboarding is fun I usually do
with my little dude but you know I grew
up with him like especially tech tech
like when I was like when these came out
I was all about them like that's all I
did in school like I mean I paid
attention here and there but I really
think her board in this school it drove
my teachers crazy one time my science
teacher took it from me and rode it
across the room and gave it back to me
that was pretty awesome but that is it
thank guys for watching my videos and
thank you Maggie for sending these to me
they are really rad although I'm
scratching the graphics off of them
which is understandable you guys wanted
to see more of these videos I'll give
this video thumbs up and we want to see
more videos in general I do
skateboarding videos about my life like
anything I feel like is too entertaining
on to a video on so the subscribe button
is right below this video it would mean
a lot of you hit it you're signed in to
see more videos for free it doesn't cost
anything and that is it I'll be back
soon because I do about like five or six
videos a week right now and that's it
thank you guys for watching this is
Brian Ames backdrop form a bunch of hot
stuff that's it we're done here except
here's the front side notice lot that's
a crooked grind
Fair boarding is hard some tests catch
wiffle ball you failed it I didn't even
know you had it I thought you faked how
to whoop them all no it's right through
that bad
real thing just try go get it no okay
three you're boarding is hard though I'm
very bad at it
