you know sometimes you're just hanging
out in California and you just roll up
to Metro skate shop I'm a metro what's
up everybody it's been a long time yeah
watching these videos and I'm finally
finally here
do you before we even got in what you
want to do do you wanna get put on the
spot alright on this but you got one try
to land a trick on the wall one try okay
you got a trick in mind dude I don't
know how that looked I was like running
to catch up with you you did it though
yeah I am now let's go take a look
inside enter the threshold of Metro
skate shop I have spent years and years
of watching the videos and I'm finally
here I'm finally in Metro freaking 236
which is what is that a rant is that the
area code what is that the old address I
got to be dramatic about everything but
here's the crazy board wall like look
how big this is okay if you can't find a
board on this wall you you should just
not skate if it makes sense and then
they have a great selection of trucks of
course wheels more wheels we have team
riders standing next to motorcycles I
would like to say that your shirts are
organized more skate shops need to do
this helmets to be safe Josh this is
this has nothing to do with Josh
actually but I just feel like I should
talk about Josh because there's a helmet
here how much that's awesome some skate
shops don't embarrass but move on to the
shoes we got your shoe wall right here
plenty of awesome shapes and some great
companies here and sometimes we're
looking to shoe also random homework
rolls under your feet another thing I
like is the fact that this is California
and it's summer basically and they still
have hoodies my gosh all all skate shops
in the whole world take note because you
know if you have a you know say you have
a fiance and you want to buy her a
birthday present middle summer going on
about hoodie you gotta come all the way
to Metro to do it because it only
shopped the carries hoodies and summer
and here rest in peace
is the old Metro ramp half of it is is
missing or I mean you know you can see
what's happening but you can't be too
mad because what they do of this room
now is film the super popular skate line
if you don't know about that you need to
do some researching because it's what's
hot right now in the Internet it looks
way different right this is just the
green screen jewel and the whoever else
edits it I don't know they do the magic
and make it look legit but you know what
since I'm back here alone I'm gonna sit
in the chair and I'm gonna do my own my
own skate land right now you'll hear
about chris haslam professional golfer
skateboarder and he got a golfer man we
like to you we like to you you were
doing crazy tricks on handrails you had
the beard gun shield a bunch of raccoons
and kind of tape them onto your face we
like that and now you're hitting balls
I'm sorry for all you people get
exploding like you're not Gary don't
even try that I'm just I just improv
that I don't think Chris awesome plays
golf at all this is probably one of the
coolest things here this is the like
classic Corey duffel leather jacket I
saw that and I was like oh I felt like I
was seeing like a piece of skate history
that is awesome very awesome and they
got some more Corey duffel gear here's
here's one of his pro bottles and then
we got its old shirts and the shirt
that's on the cover of fashion right
here see accord you on the rail shirt
he's wearing pretty awesome all right so
there was a quick tour of Metro skate
shop that's one of the riders you need
to move your baby you run a good shot my
friend and it's good to finally be here
welcome so head over Metro 236 on
YouTube that's where it says watch them
tips subscribe to and did you just you
just stole your tips from the tip jar
all the tips go do it no dude run I
don't know I might listen take back
everything I just said
you
congratulations to everyone who noticed
I was wearing two shirts in that video I
actually filmed the first part with
rat-faced a day before I actually walked
on the shop and filled the tour video so
that explains that so to all you
MacGyver's who noticed good job
most of you probably already know this
but Metro skate shop isn't only a skate
shop it's a popular YouTube channel as
well and Joel the owner of Metro and he
runs he's the mastermind behind it all
and all of the dudes have had my back
for so long I went on tour last year
they stayed with me when they came
through my neck of the woods and then
when I went to out to California a
couple months ago I stayed with Joel so
they're like brothers to me Joel was
like one of the nicest dudes ever and
he's like one of the truest
skateboarders I have known he's like a
hardcore skateboarder like for the sake
of skateboarding and its really like
refreshing to see that in someone I mean
Joel when I had ridin he surprised me
with a onesie like a revenge onesie
riding his very first revenge sure was
actually from Joel and I used it in the
ride ins first time skateboarding video
but so I just want to say thank you so
much to Joel and the Metro guys you guys
are my brothers and you know Joel I
Metro I will have your back to the end
of time here on YouTube and in real life
you know if you need if some people are
picking on you be like dude I need you
to have my back I'll fly to California
be like what now okay now there's a
crazy due to the red shirt that's about
to start saying things don't make sense
but for all you guys watching go check
them out they do real unique skate
videos that you can't find anywhere else
it's awesome it's true skateboarding so
there'll be a link right down there
there'll be a link in a second here when
the music starts go watch them subscribe
to them and like them and then I'm done
I'm going to throw this fake knife
because I you know I didn't throw more
things in my videos okay I'm gonna throw
this fake knife thought I was throwing
it that way I threw it that way could
have hit my computer that would have
been bad but I'm gonna go subscribe to
Metro totally just rhymed didn't mean to
do that
you
