so I have a doozy of a story to tell you
guys today I'm eating dinner in Northern
Kentucky and it struck me I had to go
the bathroom I had to pee so I get up to
go the bathroom and as I walk into the
bathroom and every gentleman follows me
in pause for just one second okay I have
a theory that there are three types of
old men in the world number one the
sweet grandpa I tell stories and people
like it
number two the wise old dude when I give
advice people listen to me like I'm
obi-wan Kenobi and number three the
creepy old man and I will leave that one
up to your imagination but I digress
okay I'm in the bathroom and I go pee
and when I get done I can wash my hands
like a normal person does now the old
man doing whatever he was doing I'm not
looking I'm not watching yeah right you
were shut up so the old man is done and
he gets behind me to wait to wash his
hands
this is his golden opportunity to just
not say anything and be a normal person
because there's bathroom etiquette in a
dude's bath the first thing being you do
whatever you have to do to not pee next
to another guy you girls get walls in
between each other we don't so we have
to space each other out with girls you
don't need to talk to talk as little as
possible go in you do what you need to
do and you get out and get back to the
real world as stupid as that may sound
to some people that's just how dudes
bathrooms have always been put back to
the story guys I'm washing my hands and
what is the dude behind me do he talks
which isn't a big deal because I can
handle small talk even if he's talking
in the dudes bathroom but what does he
say don't worry I will not pee in your
pocket what don't worry I won't pee in
your pocket how weird and creepy is that
you're in a small bathroom washing your
hands with an old guy standing behind me
don't worry I won't pee in your pocket
you can resent so many weird things that
just would not have been as creepy as
that I am a green bean enthusiast okay
that's pretty weird like I can handle
that I named my son Harry Potter woulda
done that myself but fair enough I
enjoyed Jersey Shore crossing the line a
little bit but I permit that okay don't
worry I won't pee in your pocket whoa
stop
no this dude he's gonna say that five
inches behind the after he just got done
peeing and because how he worded it part
of me thinks that he's trying to
reassure himself that's like has that
happened in the past to him like he
tells everyone else hey don't worry I
did that to Jimmy in two years ago but
you are safe I'm done peeing in pockets
and you're the lucky guy that's not
gonna get peed on
so I'm sure he just thought this was
like a funny thing to say
both were gonna like crack up laughing
and roll around on them from the
bathroom floor together that was weird
but honestly he's probably just trying
to make me laugh and I get that it was
just a weird thing to say like I didn't
know the guy and I'm fine in awkward
situations in public I just say like huh
whatever you weirdo and go on about my
life so I'm not really worked up about
this I just thought it was kind of a
funny thing to happen and I'm gonna make
fun of Pierre on the Internet when I
grow up I hope to be the only one or
this week grandpa or maybe a combination
of both but in the meantime I will
continue to make fun of the world one
time at a time for now I'm gonna go
continue to being young and getting talk
to you about creepy grandpa's taking
these guys
no I know man I'm supposed to be sitting
here saying something mildly humorous
because it's like the end of the video
so not gonna be like actually funny but
it's supposed to like be you know
entertaining at some point but it's like
I don't think I've got anything no I'm
just I'm like a disappointment to like
everyone is crazy but for real guys
thank you for watching my video hope you
guys enjoyed it if you want to see more
videos from me click this button right
here that will subscribe you to my
channel give you more skateboarding
skits pranks randomness whatever I come
up with and then the last episode of
this series will be right down there and
that is where a Michigan man shot
himself in the penis just yeah what's
that if you want to know all about that
but I will see you guys in the future
good - the bye need to stop saying Q
though
