what's up guys so this is one of these
videos where I'm just sitting here in
the grass in a field and I need to talk
to you guys um I this is just a talking
video about the we are avenged series
because we're gonna get questions all
about it all winter so i'm doing this
video just to address all you people
that are wondering when we own revenge
30 is coming here in Cincinnati it gets
dark early as well most during the
winter you know all across the world
usually gets dark early so it's about 4
30 right now and the sun's going down
right so we usually start skating about
five so we can't go out in film we are
Avengers when it's dark out we're stuck
in indoor parks for the whole winter so
we're kind of on winter break when it
comes to be on revenge we're going to
try to film on the weekends when we can
do our events 30 we will do it but it
might not happen till the weather gets
warmer so um no promises will do our
best we usually do get one out in the
winter so watch out for it but in the
spring season four will start up and
season four is going to be a little
different mainly because I have been
putting off the revenge video for way
too long and I just worry about YouTube
videos and that's all we do so now we
are going to do the full length video no
matter what so season four we're going
to do a season for it just might not be
as like we did we usually do nine to ten
episodes every season that we might not
be able to get to that number for season
four cuz we're going to be working hard
on the video and it will come out some
point in the spring summer of next year
so watch out for guys i just want to
give you a heads up that's why you're
not seeing we are avenged pop up anymore
it's definitely not over we're not going
to stop doing we're revenge until we
can't physically do it anymore so we're
not going anywhere guys we got you back
but that's a heads up that's why we are
imaginative popping up in your inbox
right now so i am going to go goof
around the park maybe film tricks and
you guys can watch it oh and fear not
we're still gonna be doing revenge
videos there's going to be like little
indoor skatepark edits all winter so
you'll still see fun goofy revenge like
you always do but now here's to the
skating right now Ryan you want to a
hard flip back for the video yeah I have
seen you try this a million times I know
you can do it but I've never seen you do
it so I want you to do it today okay
okay
oh hey y oj sapir yes session
alright three back onto the swish go
back over there it was sloppy but I did
do it first try right yeah Albert
alright hey I'm gonna let you off this
time okay okay we're gonna do a new
video just to be doing this one day all
right okay say it's coming it's coming
all right you got you won't try one try
through so pity here's the end of the
video you got to do it right here
ah ha i missed good i love it I missed
you too there you go
alright our battery is dying and you
have talent so just land it first try
and just so we're honest with you tube
that was actually so I can try but it
was good it was good goodbye guys
you
