what's up guys so the Nintendo WiiU came
out to day and I was there bright and
early to pick up my copy with my local
gamestop opened but lately when I'm
editing video game handhelds or consoles
in this case I've been doing unboxing
videos so this was gonna be no different
I'm gonna open it up and let you be here
for the journey I'm really excited about
this system I cannot wait but I'll tell
you a little bit of info as I go on
about the system and yeah let's let's
get this started guys Nintendo Wii okay
guys so here's the box it's pretty sharp
looking the front has what you see on
and of course then there's some words
that no one really cares about the back
it kind of surprised me because usually
the back of console boxes has like
screenshots of video games really I can
typically punch that dude I want that
game and you know whatnot but this is
just a you you have like you right here
and then the side has a list of what
comes with it this is the deluxe set so
it has a bigger hard drive and actually
comes with a game and sums you know the
necessity is the cords
there's some game stands and some
controller stands I'm not sure if the
regular one comes with that because I do
not have the regular one I have the
deluxe in so uh let's open this up one
thing is that there's not a bunch of
tape holding together that's gonna rip
your box up on you when you take it off
which is wrinkled it just opens up and
which kind of makes you think like I
wonder if some dude was in my box
earlier but it is nice not to have
peeled tape off and I think I'm doing it
upside down maybe this is the front who
knows that the abour in front if that
was it I pull it out and heck yes okay
the game that comes with is and that's
in Nintendo land and I just like having
game cases and I was always annoyed that
we sports came with in a little
cardboard sleeve this actually comes
with the game case I'm very excited
about that for once the instruction
manual isn't this thick this isn't bad
I'm not really gonna read this but it
has all the info that no one's gonna
read and it's just you know it's just
some like the normal promotional papers
and like the instruction book was like
that so that's kind of cool maybe it's
actually an English and not English
French Spanish Japanese awesome here's
the two power chords the gamepad I guess
needs its own power cord which is kind
of weird it doesn't charge the system so
if you you're gonna need like a power
strip most people have those but you're
not gonna be able to plug three plugs
into one outlet on the wall of course
unless you live in some weird house but
there's the power cord for the gamepad
and the console and we're gonna open it
up here here is one of the stands more
stands I don't I don't know what I don't
know what the stands are but I'm gonna
put them to the side and I care about
here's the sensor bar and I have to
think that it's like the same one as the
wheat and here's the HDMI cord this is
the first system ever to come with an
HDMI cord which is awesome this is a
pair some more stands I'm not sure what
they go to this is the this is a full HD
Nintendo system it's actually a little
more powerful than the ps3 and xbox360
like a little better graphic wise I'm
not one to care about graphics I think
it's been good since like you know the
last generation like that attend a Wii
game cube and this PlayStation 2 of
those were fine but a lot of people care
about graphics so for all you people who
care it's great graphics there you go
and here is the important stuff down
below the gamepad which is awesome not
held one yet very very sleek looking
look at that it's it's actually a pretty
large screen I am impressed I mean like
I've seen the shots but like it's it's
pretty big and it feels really
comfortable it's lightweight enough so
it's not like you think you're gonna get
tired of holding this it is glossy I
don't know how I feel about that because
it gets all you know get the dirty I
think that the dirt is very visible on
glossy stuff but it doesn't look nice
and it feels really sharp with the bats
the back is a matte right here you have
your your stylus which is just like a
Nintendo DS stylus but it's like you
know it works then we have your camera
your classic buttons your two analog
sticks your d-pad
select start TV which I'll get to in a
second that's one of the coolest things
about that we think there's ear
the power button then you got a CL r CL
Z and then a lor so yeah the game packs
pretty sharp oh I'm excited about this
here it is guys
friggin Nintendo you and the Wii U
gamepad and you guys can see your camera
in the reflection cameras you guys so
here we are here is the system itself
and it's glossy as well which again it's
like it collects dust easy it's very
visible which is kind of knowing but it
does look nice I kind of wish I would
personally go for a matte but here's the
console it's a lot longer than I
imagined it I don't know I just because
the Wiis like a perfect square but here
is the here's the reload to see if I
could focus as camera there we go here's
where you load your disk right here we
have a compartment that has your USB
ports and what is this your SD card
slots we have a red button to sync your
controllers and then a power button in
eject button but it's like I'm in sip
it's really sleek wicked you know it's
it's a nice shape simple and it'll look
good on your entertainment center or
whatever you have so that was a very
fast unboxing video that was just like I
mean they package it kind of well where
you're just like oh there's my stuff and
it's easy to get it open and get all
your stuff like I said it's a bit it's
like an advanced system it's full HD
it's gonna have really sharp looking
games but I launched it already had it's
like some of the big hitters that are
out there right now black ops 2 is out
for its Assassin's Creed 3 is already
out for what I believe
the coolest thing about this system is
the Nintendo TV I think I mean other
than the games the games are what is
where it's all at but Nintendo TV is the
one of those like ingenious things that
Nintendo has done what it does is it
takes all of your video accounts it
takes your YouTube takes Netflix Hulu
Plus and your cable I believe and it
puts it all in one place you do not have
to switch out of things it's all gonna
be on your Wii U and you like I want to
watch this show and
should see my watch on Netflix Hulu Plus
blah blah blah and you'll be watching
the show and at the top of the screen
it's gonna have a bunch of options like
for your IMDB page your Wikipedia which
is so cool
because like I'm always wondering about
actors what - what other things there
and ER I've seen them before like where
they're from and I'm always like you
know getting on my phone to look it up
and now it's just right there like I
have all the information I need so I'm
for me or someone who always looking
information up on TV shows and movies
it's right here and then it also has a
really cool sports thing we're lately
and any information you need what game
is happening at what time what's the
score of any game you can imagine that's
happening that day is all gonna be in
you're on your game pack it it's like
it's way ahead of the game I'm sure Sony
and Microsoft are gonna do the same
thing you know so many TV blah blah but
Nintendo has done it and I'm really
excited about it's actually not active
right now at launch it's gonna be active
next month supposedly but um I'm ready
for it in the meantime you know I have
Netflix on my ps3 so cool but another
thing I have to point out is that the
screen on this is full HD as well so if
say you have girlfriend over and she's
like I wanna watch TV you can just send
the game most games at least to the
gamepad and play on that while your
girlfriend watches TV or your you know
your annoying brother that wants to do
something your sister you couldn't play
it right on here it just sends it to the
gamepad and you keep playing but I want
to go guys as my exit I'm going to try
to Michael Myers some Girl Scout
porcelain piece these have been in my
cupboard for like a year clearly they're
probably dead not good
here is my Michael Myers knife I did not
promote playing with knives but just
don't try this at home I guessed let's
see how far I can get down into the
cookies okay
one two oh okay I clearly did not have a
sharp knife or these boxes orderable
much right again Wow
how does Michael Werner freaking do that
yeah it's sharp how do girls there could
be there Birbal and I just realized that
I called these girls count fortune
cookies tries to Michael Myers some
girls got porcelain piece I'm an idiot
goodbye
maybe I should try to like actually stab
them this is gonna feel wrong but I'm
gonna I'm gonna try it maybe that's the
trick to it yeah all right
hole is there a hold of us air is
totally a hole in the box
unfortunately I stabbed a dude in like
the chest oh wait why is there a guy on
the girl-scout box look at this it's not
a dude why is there a guy on the
girl-scout box whatever so the moral of
this video is do not play with knives or
stab dudes fake dudes on gross gift
boxes
but if you want to see more of my videos
hit this right here that will get ya
that wouldn't hit that right there a
little subscribe in my channel and you
know you'll see more skits prank videos
skateboarding randomness whatever I come
up with and then if you want to see my
last unboxing video hit that down there
whatever it is on the screen that's for
the PlayStation Vita I do believe so
thank you for watching guys I'm gonna go
when we put this together and have a lot
of fun good to the bye
