what's up guys so one thing they do not
teach you in school is that Albert
Einstein did not know how to grind on a
skateboard and you do not want to be
like him actually you might want to be
like him he's pretty revolutionary my
point is is that I'm gonna teach you how
to grind on a skateboard if you don't
already know and if you do know you're
gonna be like I already know how to do
this why am i watching
but let's learn how to grind on a
skateboard not carry it though I don't
know how to do that grinding in
skateboarding is where your trucks move
across the surface of an object whether
that be a Ledge or a rail once you learn
how to do this it opens up a whole new
world of skateboarding the possibilities
are endless and it gives you a lot of
room for creativity with your tricks I'm
going to teach you frontside 5050 s
today which is the easiest grind to
learn once you learn it you can take it
to bigger objects like this rail right
here and also it's a stepping stone for
more technical rides plus when you learn
it you get really excited like a baby
dressed as Yoda ready all right first
thing is first do a proper grind you're
going to need to know how to ollie on
your skateboard and since you are
learning how to grind I know you're that
could be the master of Ollie's but as
long as you're consistent on getting the
board off the ground every try you're
ready to learn how to grind first thing
is first you got to pick what you're
going to grind on I suggest doing this
at the skatepark ledges and curbs are
rougher and it's just going to be a
little harder to get used to find a box
on a skate park with a metal edge and
don't get one too low or too high I've
seen skate park boxes that are like two
inches high and that's just ridiculous
this is a ten inch high box this is
ideal to learn on because it makes you
actually ollie up to your ledge so
anywhere between like six inches and
like a foot is is a good good spot to
try to learn the ground on before you
actually start trying to grind
I suggest Alling up onto your obstacle
and rolling off a handful of times just
to get doing the right mindset of
hauling up onto something higher once
you start trying to grind you'll be way
more comfortable when you're actually
attempting the trick the first thing you
need to worry about is how you approach
the ledge okay you want to be at a
slight angle but more parallel than at a
steep angle because if you're too far of
an angle you're your truck will won't
lock in and it won't be a proper grind
or you know maybe all your whole board
will get on top of the ledge you'll be
rolling or slip out you don't want to
slip
so try to get used to doing a slight
angle but more parallel because the more
parallel you are the better you'll get
it all in up and then gaming at what
position you want to be on the ledge and
that'll open up more possibilities for
future grinds next thing you need to
worry about is distance from the ledge
okay I typically do about five inches
you don't want to be too close because
then you'll your trucks going up you'll
just fly off into the distance if you're
too far away you might miss the ledge or
barely lock in and you'll slip out
sideways and you don't want to do that
that actually loses you prom dates so
you don't want to be that dude but I do
about five inches where you get a good
pop and you get above the ledge like oh
you know what I'm going to place my
trucks right here
if you're landing on top of the ledge
enrolling you need to back up a little
bit probably and then if you're locking
in like this you need to get a little
closer and you want to wedge the the
truck on there so the outside wheels put
the ledge and you lock in now with that
in mind you're going to want to approach
the ledge with a decent amount of speed
you don't want to go too fast because
then you could slip out and get hurt but
you don't want definitely want to go too
slow because then you'll slow down just
stop in the ground you'll be that dude
just standing on the ledge of the
skatepark so have enough speed that it's
going to push you through the grind and
once you're comfortable you can pick up
a little more speed and be at awesome
due to the skatepark that's just like
plowing through grinds now remember the
ideal position of your trucks to lock in
are going to have the outer wheels
against the ledge so it really pulls
your trucks on top of the edge of the
ledge and once you're there you're going
to stand straight up okay and Center
your balance over your board it's nice
to have your feet over your bolts
because that really stabilizes yourself
if you lean too far back you're going to
slip out if you lean too far forward
you're going to stick and that's normal
okay when you're learning this it's
going to happen so just get used to just
standing straight up and riding on that
grind okay it's going to feel a little
weird and different at first because
it's not like rolling but once you get
the hang of it you'll like stand
straight up and just ride that grind it
sounds kind of weird saying that now
when you get to the end of the ground
you're going to come off of this box
okay and it's normal for when you're
learning to kind of just fall off of the
grind front truck goes down and the back
hits I mean you're at the end of the box
of the first time you're like I'm gonna
let it grind yes you're gonna do
whatever you have to do to get off this
thing and roll away so that's
understandable guys but once you get the
hang of this you're gonna have to try to
level your board out okay you're gonna
come off the ledge and relieve the press
from your nose okay press back on the
tail a little bit as if you're riding
off a curb you know you're going to just
like lean back a little bit and let it
fall to the ground all four wheels at
the same time and people are gonna see
you like that guy notice how to come off
of a gret and after you're comfortable
with just love on your board out and
falling off the ledge try a few Ollie's
um you know to actually snap an ollie
out of it that will get you in a better
mindset for doing tricks out of grinds
like 180s shove-its kick flips all that
type of stuff so give that a few tries I
do want to take a second to give you
some tips on frontside 5 OS 2 they're
not that much harder to do than 5050 s
and they're one of my favorite tricks I
learned five-o the same day out in front
of a 250 so this is just a natural place
for me to tell you about this you're
it's really as simple as just leaning
back on your back truck just like a
manual except you're grinding so when
you approach Ollie up into the air and
immediately start thinking of all of
your weight on the back truck and push
it out push your board out a little bit
this will help you maintain like a
really solid v oh so you're going to
ollie
lean back all your weight is on this
back truck and ride it out you don't
have to level your board at the end
because the board the front trucks
already up in the air so just come off
the ledge and put it on the ground as
simple as that it's an awesome trick
it's really fun it's a trick that never
gets old frontside five-o so once you
get 50-50 s definitely do a 502 try lean
back and just ride that five-o out I
sounded like a country guy when I said
that so some things that can go wrong
with grinding are just as simple as that
that the ledge is not grinding that's
not grinding you can go faster or wax it
first thing I would wax it because a lot
of things get dried up and they're just
you know they're just not going smooth
so try waxing it and if you're still
like it's just not going well I would
say go a little faster I feel like all
grinds get a little easier and they look
better when you go a little faster don't
go too crazy but increase your speed a
little bit and see how it how it goes
another thing is aiming of course but I
already kind of touched that just you
know if you're if you're getting on top
of the ledge try backing up a little bit
if you're not getting on top of your
grind completely get closer to the ledge
you
so other than that you just have to put
a lot of time and effort into practicing
this if you're having a hard time with
it some people pick up grinding easier
some people have a hard time you know
picking it up but as I can say with all
skateboarding study your skate videos
your skate magazines watch the
skateboarders watch the slow motion
videos and just study how people look
when they do the trick and that's a good
mental preparation for tricks and then
you know as always you have to try try
try subscribe or die bored it's going to
get punched do not feel good on my fist
but I'm I'm I'm durable
oh my gosh know what and that is how you
fifty-fifty
just like that guys joking that was a
50-50 you'd know that though if you want
to see more videos from me click this
right here that will subscribe you to my
channel even more skateboarding skits
pranks randomness bunch of weird stuff
if you want to see my last how-to video
click that right down there that's how
to double flip and then there's a bunch
but there's a few others on my channel
but thank you guys for following my
channel that rocks I love you dudes and
dudettes everybody I just want to stop
you guys have a good
you
