so there you go guys those were some
classic clips for my friend ray Jones
who crushes on a skateboard he's been in
some my other videos so you might have
seen him already and yeah I'm gonna be
doing that once tomorrow through the
winter i do believe i'll try to do more
new skating than old skating but i don't
have as much opportunity to go out and
skate in the winter so if you guys want
to see more class skips like this once
in a while give this video a thumbs up
and I'll do my best to do them you know
the current skating in the meantime but
I'm gonna go because like that I'm gonna
feed my child real fast riding you want
you want to get fed I'll feed you all
right this could be the fisheye angle
buddy can you say thumbs up for the
fisheye angle success dad stop that
you
