right and what are you doing you were
playing goosebumps
you were being the werewolf Missy your
werewolf okay all right oh geez
so what was the couch was it just a
couch where we'll versus couch all right
you crazy kid what are we actually doing
today
we are going to the skate park for some
father-son skate session right and j.lo
you're right Justin's gonna be there
he's gonna hang out with us and be fun
and we're taking you guys along with us
it's been a second I don't remember the
last time we went to the skate park
together like other than strike horse
you need to go put shoes and socks on
because you need those to skate and yeah
let's go okay shoes on you're the face
and we got water bottle with a monster
on it are you ready to go you warmed up
ready go go oh wait hey didn't you have
something you want to Jaylin leave any
help no cause he ghost I don't think
that's true because if hokum I can't be
invincible that wouldn't be fun look
he's 50 HP he can he can lose that go to
look cool are you doing backside 360
today
you kiss chef Jeffrey I mean at least
it's your turtle I guess he loves you
too you're hot
it's hotter out here I think I forgot my
skateboard so I'll be skating this big
old school board okay
thank you I didn't I know you like to
get pokemon cards out I've heard that he
gave you there's a sticker on that one
Oh got my skateboard at the warehouse
did you yes
I'm skating this at least you have a
nice-looking new revive board oh yeah
what's your cat on it for your first
trick you want to jump 5050 and then
jump off your video onto that board roll
away yeah do it so you're gonna run and
you're gonna jump and dry and then jump
off onto this one can you do it all
right be careful oh you gotta go fast
it's a tall jump by now
really fast oh that was good speed then
just jump over here roll away and you
get and then you get a special super
rare Pokemon card yeah I know I'm just
kidding I don't have one but it'll be
really awesome
you are so far back there well yeah but
you fell on your bum are you okay oh
then jump okay
all right do it for pikachu yeah you
really used to pimp
Pikachu wall Hyuna I heard that oh my
gosh that was it you did good you did
like it was the easy singing good yeah I
was really good right the thing is as
big as you oh it's heavy isn't it Oh
is that that watch
we're gonna do a 360 oh-oh-oh fourteen
fourteen forty that was the one that was
a fourteen forty good job ride and ready
what are you doing
alright make sure you land bolts oh wow
yeah well that's what butts are for
pooping oh my god that was good this is
the one do it there you go
you earned it you got the double
high-five duper pop hey got jump keep of
doing them so you get bedroom I'm gonna
do some tricks I'm gonna make a ride and
pick one for me ridin what trick should
I do on this maybe this is a boat but it
come off this and do its trick off the
bank what you want to do a 480 alright
how about a kickflip 480 would land me
sideways and I would fall yeah I can
kick flip I can varial flip I can three
flip which wouldn't want me to flip one
flip one kickflip I'm going to interpret
it
that is weird it was weird I like surfed
away alright and here's your stuff back
I'm gonna do this three flip for you
okay
and look the sticker is still on the
wheel ridin well that was really heavy
that was hard yeah like it didn't get
off the ground but I did it do you think
you do that trip yeah you try stress
stand on it
all right lean back hi this is how you
do a 5 ohm wing back like do a manual on
the grind okay
and stand Holly into it what page you're
filming dude you're welcome I appreciate
on any time just a lot of grass
channeling is right down there yeah he
just launched a new clothing brand but
he doesn't and he's not wearing it so
we'll talk about in another video I'm
wearing your brand yeah you are hearing
gun yeah we do that fun did you have fun
yeah a dinosaur or no wait sorry that's
a dog
okay go here toast we got a present hari
so we're not gonna just end this video
after skating we actually got a pup box
soap up boxes company found out that I
have puppy and they sent me this for
well they sent toast this and he does
not want to be on camera right now all
right are you ready look dude toast this
is for you this is yours and I've no
idea what's inside will you leave the
sticker OH
toast you got a part of a dog no this is
basically telling you what to watch out
during the summer for dogs
alright oh my gosh really cool
freeze heck yeah because toast peas
sometimes because it's a puppy yeah
you're actually way better at that these
days you spin a second pup your wipes
hey right loser puppy wipes you just
wipe the copy with it right they also
have a list of everything broken down in
this and then they personalize it look
and it says it's two toasts and I guess
you can subscribe to this and just keep
getting them for your dog so there you
guys go there was a puppy unboxing which
is probably the only time this is gonna
happen on my channel but they were nice
enough to send it so I wanted to get it
in here they sent us three toys treats
information wipes and a spray bottle
with stuff to make a cleaning solution
so that is really cool I want to say
thanks to Lauren and pup box for that I
appreciate it and I hope you guys liked
you coming out with us skating today
right you want to come over here to the
video did you have a good time skating
yeah you learn a new trick and I've done
a know a back heel but I've never done
out of a bank like that so that was fun
I hope you guys enjoyed our video today
and I do videos here all the time so if
you want to see more from me just hit
the subscribe button right below the
video and your sign there to see more
you also get puppy treats if you
subscribe so that's cool riding what you
want to now oh let's play with that like
I said oh yeah alright so I'm gonna go
play with this guy but you guys have a
great day and I will see you tomorrow
with another video and that is it
frightened why do you have a
this has Nigerian Dwarf goat goat you
got it from this is a zoo hmm pretty
cool all right I'm done toast wow you
like that line he likes it
right now I'm gonna frisbee this if you
catch it okay you don't have to mow the
lawn ever in your entire life at least
for it for me okay
you you have no idea how awesome that
would have been if you would have caught
that but starting when you're 13 you get
to mow the lawn
- you're 18 okay sorry dude I know you
but when you're 12 if you're done you're
doing
