all right so one of my favorite things
in the entire world are stupid news
articles you read them and it just makes
you feel like a smarter person a lot
like this one tower plan poo-pooed not
even a complete sentence it has nothing
to do with human waste
seriously I read ridiculous stuff like
this I'm like wow I could be a writer
for a newspaper where's your college
education I have a college education
Yeah right moral of the story is stupid
news articles are awesome and I found a
gem the other day guys
the title of this article was Michigan
man shoots himself in the penis I'm
pretty sure anybody with a brain would
read that article after seeing that
headline so how did he shoot himself in
the Wiener that's the question right so
apparently this guy carries a gun around
at all times okay he puts it in his
pants gangster style it discharged in
his pants and shot a part of his penis
off of his body so since this guy has it
on him at all times he should be used to
like making sure that thing is safe just
get relaxed one day like you woke up and
he's like you know what I'm not gonna
check the safety I'm sure I'll have my
private parts at the end of the day I
feel if you have a gun in your pants at
all times you should have a schedule to
make sure everything is safe and good in
your life 10/10 yep still have my penis
1020 Safety's on my gun yes it is 10:30
still got my butt cheek and that's a
profession this guy is a air
conditioning repair ER maintenance guy
whatever so I don't know what life is
like in Southfield Michigan but maybe
air-conditioned guys are just super rich
maybe this guy is just getting robbed at
all times so he's like you know what I'm
on the gun to shoot all these dudes away
from me when they try to rob me and he
keeps that gun in his pants and he
accidentally shot himself from a wiener
but the very best thing about this
article is the way they worded the act
of shooting himself in the penis while
he was adjusting the 40 caliber weapon
it discharged shooting him in the penis
and his day was officially ruined really
just his day like he's gonna wake up
tomorrow
I'm over it I didn't eat my wiener
anyway be sure you didn't ruin his week
or month or maybe a year how long does
it take to get over a shot we're like
that's probably not gonna heal
well what I'm gonna go guys hope you
guys enjoyed this watch out for more of
me make it fun of the world one time at
a time dumb catchphrase I know but uh I
have a BB gun right here and I'm gonna
show you guys that you can put the gun
in your pants without without being an
idiot all right gun going in my pants
there's my wiener oh I just ruined at
least two hours of my afternoon
so I'm saying dude I mean girls can put
the gun in their pants because they
don't have wieners to shoot off oh my
gosh I just realized something what if
back in the day like an Adam and Eve
time Eve had a gun in her pants and she
shot her wiener off that's why girls
don't have them anymore
would that make Eve and Adam
you
