whoa I was like almost a collision that
was very good although i think our high
five could have been better you lack
there let's do it again okay that's
right we redo our ipods so good dude
much better high 52 so this is
Cincinnati local Johnny Tatum and he's
got this trick down it's an awesome
trick and I was like Johnny we got to
make this a video dude so I hope you
guys dug that the feature video right
there is another episode of life with
Paul Rodriguez and this is probably my
favorite one so far he's training for
battle at the berrics and he's playing
some games of skate with Manny Santiago
which is awesome it's very entertaining
so watch that subscribe network a if you
haven't already and that's it I'm gonna
go um now you know what that's an
original I'm gonna stay okay so when the
video is over I'm still here just so
just know that if I guess
