starbursts fake knife with a spring in
it watch this that one really smooth I
don't like second try Wow all right okay
oh gosh what's up guys this is an update
video where I talk and you need to
listen or go watch other crap on YouTube
so I had 70,000 subscribers recently and
I'm pretty excited about that guys I
want to thank everybody who's watching
my channel for ages and I want to thank
all you new people that are watching my
channel basically everybody watching me
right now you guys Rock except for that
one kid that's you know this thinking
why am I watching this idiot who's about
to type something rude as a comment yeah
that's not cool
who wants to pick on someone aim for
that kid cuz I ain't looking and yes
that totally was an eastbound and down
reference great show but in all honesty
don't aim for that kid I don't really
care if people hate on my videos I just
want to say anybody who watches them
thank you so much for the support
I really appreciate guys in rocks and
I'm gonna keep doing what I'm doing and
I'll see you guys at eighty thousand and
ninety thousand and five hundred
thousand probably not but I'll try I'll
try how about that something pretty good
will happen in my life recently guys I
was sitting on Facebook and my friend
and my revenge teammate Thomas Alvarez
posted on my wall what she does were a
ridiculous amount way too much but this
time I was like oh my gosh this matters
to me there's an interview that Cory
devil did for CCS and I am totally one
of the questions and he's like hey I do
this thing if I landed trick content
rise we could eat the cake or if I bail
it you get it smash the cake to my face
when I saw that I was beyond excited I
was like I felt like a kid again because
when I was 14 when I first started
skating my first like skate magazine if
you can call it that was a CCS and I
read it front to back so many times
memorize all the graphics and decks and
it was just like it was my first like
piece of the skateboarding world and
it's weird to think that like you know
years later I was like a question in a
CCS interview to a pro so like I felt
like the 14 year old self was like
really proud of me is give me a high
five from the passuk reaching out of me
and giving my real hand high five that
was stupid
but really whoever asked that question
thank you very much that made my day
when I saw that because I didn't see it
coming at all but speaking of Cory um I
did a video on network day of touring
his garage goofing off with them
probably one of my favorite in the in
the whole thing I filmed and I forgot to
put it in is because he makes the
funniest sound effect well just watch it
that might be something that I just
think it's funny and no one else does
but there you go there's a random clip
of Cory in his garage drinking a fake
beer making an awesome sound grab tape
something huge has happened okay other
than this hat is this a big hat I know
you guys haven't heard about this you
need to start listening to the whole
world better star wars 7 8 9 it's
happening I knew one day this would
happen
like I knew George Lucas would crack or
someone else would get their hands on
the right to be like it's happening I
thought it'd be like 40 years old by
that time but it's happening in 3 years
that is amazing I grew up with Star Wars
okay I was watching four or five and six
I had all the action figures I loved it
it was the best thing ever so naturally
like Star Wars is just a part of me and
a lot of people from my generation hate
that anything new is coming out of Star
Wars they're like you're ruining
everything how dare you make something
new and like with me like yeah 1 2 & 3
was not nearly as good as 4 5 & 6 but
it's entertaining enough like I would
enjoyed seeing Star Wars on the screen
again either way like I can't fathom
like anything being able to change your
perception on the original movies like
say like an apple it tastes good you
know and then like another Apple comes
out and it doesn't taste good you're
like whoa you ruined the first Apple
like no it did not you did not the first
to happen was still good you know sorry
I'm Kevin berry Star Wars two fruits but
I'm just saying like no matter what they
do with the series even if seven eight
nine is a disaster like I'll still be
able to watch four or five and six and
remember how I felt as a kid and be like
these are classic movies no one can mess
with them but I'm actually optimistic
about this because you know Disney
bought Marvel 2 and I was kind of scared
for a second but they've done amazing
things with the Marvel movies and I
trust that they're gonna do something
awesome with Star Wars you know like
Disney's pretty legit when it comes to
coming up with fresh ideas and like
landing on the mark landing on the mark
they're supposed to be landing on I'm
really excited and I'm really interested
to see what Disney does so awesome Star
Wars 7 8 9 in 3 years I cannot believe
that and I had to just do a little rant
about it on my videos because Star Wars
is part of me is it really is so those
are the main things I want to talk about
guys I'm gonna wrap up this video now or
start winding it down at least I will
say that I need more time to skateboard
I've been so motivated to skate lately
and it's just I haven't had the time so
I'm gonna try to like make this winter
like my training and by the time it gets
warm again I'll be able like go out
there and really skate street hard and
finish up this full length revenge video
I've been really putting it off because
I cost you on YouTube videos so much
because that's how I make money and I
just don't make enough time to go out
and film with this full-length also I
want to do something that is kind of
weird I've been trying to lose weight
recently and over the last like four or
five months it just hasn't been
happening and I just I never have time
to exercise so sucks but I'm gonna be
posting my weight every time I weigh
myself on Twitter this month so I feel
like if like like oh my gosh people are
seeing my weight it'll motivate me to
like really like make sure I'm dieting
and lose weight so that's my plan
that should be embarrassing but you know
I am Who I am to you guys I'm not trying
to hide anything so wish me luck if you
want to follow me on Twitter and you
don't already there'll be a link right
down there along another social network
so I'm gonna go guys
and here's that baby powder right here
here's a baby powder and I'm gonna do
something stupid I'm just gonna karate
chop this no with my right hand and see
how much baby powder comes out it's
probably a lot spring gonna suck yeah
ohh phone ohh phone desk smells good
though does smell good
cleanin on my dance cuz the god baby
powder on it and I'm gonna do it again
baby powder oh my close the lid no more
baby powder one who's been following my
what was that movement like cheek cheek
fireworks fireworks that way tant stuff
stop it I mic Oh what what are my
computer my my frickin Johnson's baby
powder when you have it you have it so
thank you for watching my video guys if
you want to see more videos from me
click this button right here that will
subscribe you to my channel and get more
craziness like this skateboarding skids
pranks all the fun stuff and here's a
recent video down here that you might
have missed it's a sexy girl date fail
it's a skit that I did and people are
liking it so if you didn't get a chance
to get out check it out and you might
just laugh a few times but I'm gonna go
guys I'm gonna cue the music and a very
tough boy somewhere a leather jacket cue
music snappings not tough darn it
