oh ok so Apple announced another making
an ipad mini ok this is really new news
i know you guys probably know about it
it's been around for a couple weeks but
this is ridiculous I'm gonna make fun of
it didn't they make the ipad for a
bigger version of the iphone or itouch
what went wrong there like they did it
the product was fine and then what do
they panic 80 Bob I think we overdid
this you know what you're right Jim I
think we need to make the ipad mini and
I have to think of the business meet you
there was at least one same person like
you know in the back that raised his
hand and bob was like oh you what's your
name I'm Jerry I would just like to
point out that I think we already have
what it's called the ipad touch or the
iphone Jeremy apparently got ignored and
now we have like the iPad small medium
and large it's ridiculous gonna get to
the point where it signed the called the
ipad or the if' owner the itouch gonna
be like the ice cream you gonna walk
into an apple store and you're like yes
I was like a nice crease like all right
would you like that small medium or
large or you can supersize it for only
two hundred dollars more and you know
there's gonna be that one lady that's
like huh sorry I'm trying to diet on my
own products okay I'm trying to keep him
slim give me the medium so I'm sure this
is going to be just as cool as the ipad
just smaller and they're gonna make
millions and more dollars this year
because of it I think it's a little
pointless and I had to rant about it but
I'm gonna go guys watch out for me
making fun of the world one time at a
time my kiss oh hey guys what you got a
call on my iPad micro hey what's up
and dude I don't believe you I do not
believe you at all okay Katie will make
out with you the day George Lucas sell
Star Wars but that did not happen
you
