hello hi oh hey man let's go what are
you doing in that right um I am going on
a blind date I'm kind of nervous about
it from there done this before well you
know what I say brother well there's a
wiener there's a why all right this is
our first date calm down there Casanova
all right ma'am don't say anything
stupid why would you even say that
I just told you I wasn't nervous about
this if you put stuff in my head dude
well Andy you know there's an old
Chinese proverb in Spanish I should stop
stop I gotta go I gotta go pick her up
well good luck brother
all right okay I'll tell you later bye
don't say something stupid gosh hey it's
nice to meet you hey it's nice to meet
you don't say something stupid why do
you say that oh wow look at you you're
just like a big tall beautiful pour me a
glass of it no no gosh he's in your head
just keep it simple
I I'm Andy it's nice to meet you you
look beautiful
we beautiful you look beautifully
gorgeous too much but can I touch your
gorgeousness with my heart or both on
something stupid here goes hi I'm Andy
I'm about to make a fool out of myself
when my lips move they create words that
are mistakes
Oh Ben disaster all right I got this I
got this
hey how are you oh I'm good how are how
are you I'm good you look great
could I please touch your boobs what
that was stupid that was a stupid thing
to say
just their personality your
personalities good to the cats now you
know if you hadn't met me out a bit of
good dude
I'd have been great and I'm not creepy
cuz I'm yelling at your door it's just
I'm passionate I didn't like your boobs
is that so bad
not that bad boobs are a nice thing on a
girl hey it's nice to meet you yeah
damn girl it's nice to meet you what you
got up in there you got something nice
it's nice to meet me
hi you know what I gaze into your eyes
right there it felt like our souls just
kissed on the lips
alright so this skit is a little
different than my normal ones if you can
call them normal but I hope you guys dug
it thanks for watching it if you want to
see more of my videos click right here
that will subscribe you to my channel
you get more skateboarding skits
randomness craziness whatever I come up
with is here and if you want to see an
old skit a recent skits boom right here
this is the last TR show I did how to
get over a breakup I believe it's I
think I think you'll do it so check that
out and thank you for watching my videos
I will talk to you guys later I'm gonna
walk outta frame while I'm holding the
camera yeah that just happened
you
