all right guys so imagine this okay
you're walking down the path of life and
then a bully jumps out at you and says
hey I'm going to punch you in the
eyeball if you don't do a double
kickflip okay what are you gonna do
you're going to do a double kickflip or
if you don't know how to do it you're
gonna get punched in the face that's
gonna suck so might as well watch this
video and learn how to do a double
kickflip we're get punched in its gonna
oh my god
double king flips which are also often
referred to as just plain double flips
or when the board does to kick flip
instead of just the one you know if the
name didn't give it away or anything but
really guys this is a pretty cool trick
it's normally not too hard to learn and
once you do get it down you can
incorporate into other flip tricks like
the ones you're watching right now
actually but it makes it look a little
fancier people gonna look you'd be like
wow that's a lot better than when he was
just doing the point flip and boom you
just got ordered out of nowhere let's
learn how to double flip the only thing
you really need to know how to do before
trying a double flip is a regular kick
flip so once you're comfortable with
that you have a nice solid pop and you
know how to flip that board and make it
rotate you're ready to try double flips
so let's start with foot position first
alright as you guessed your feet are
going to be similar to how you do a kick
flip your back foot is going to be
exactly the same you know whatever you
feel comfortable with whatever gets you
a standard solid pop I put mine in the
very back and it works for me so
whenever you feel good about whatever
you do with kick flips mimic that but
your front foot that's where the changes
are going to be and that's where all the
magic happens in this trick the front
foot does 90% of string so with kick
flips I put my foot right about here and
I pop I'd slide and flip off the top
corner here like you know most of the
world does double flips this is where
it's going to change you're going to
pull your foot farther back where you
ollie I personally put mine like right
about here and when I pop I slide up and
I kick early okay I'm going to kick
right about here instead of here that's
going to give you more leverage and a
faster spin also what might help
especially when learning is pull your
foot towards the edge a little more not
much because you want stability when you
pop but if you pull it like right here
it might be easier for you to flick the
board faster so you can mess around with
that but the big big big thing about
this pulling your
further back on the board so it gives
you more leverage when you pop so just
to break that down hood wherever is
comfortable your back foot wherever it's
comfortable slide the foot back more
than you do on a kickflip I'm going to
pop slide your foot kick early okay
that's going to make the board
irfan past Smith doubles lifts lands
boom girls are giving you all seven
digits of their phone number k clips
getting about three digits don't flips
all seven digits so that's the breakdown
of how this trick works down the road
when you get used to this trick and
you've been doing it for a while you
probably won't need to pull your foot
farther back but when you're learning
that's like the thing that helps you do
it or whatever ever you're having
trouble spin it just pull it back
that's the magic touch to this trick as
far as catching the board it's going to
be exactly how you do a kickflip just
once you start the trick keep an eye on
the board wait for it to finish rotating
and once it's done its trick put your
feet on the grip tape and stop flip and
pull it to the ground some common
problems with this trick are you know
once again just like the kickflip a lot
of people are worried so much about the
flip that they do this thing where they
just ollie up and they flip the board
amazingly but the back foot goes
straight to the ground okay and that is
probably the most common mistake with
trying flip tricks and that's like the
worst thing you can do and with any
skateboarding trick jump up into the air
alright remember the ground is evil it's
the pitch from Oerlikon that you fall on
it your spikes would be like game over
you're done so if you're having that
problem just keep telling yourself jump
up into the air one of the times it's
just going to stick and you're gonna
call there I'm an idiot I wasn't jumping
it is better to land on the board like
this than to finish the rotation and
have the foot on the ground since the
beginning okay because this way at least
you are above the trick like if you
would have just flipped it a little
harder you wouldn't be able to rotate it
you would land it on you would have told
your mom and she'd be like so I'm gonna
put that on the fridge you're awesome
you're so you're good and if you are
jumping over the board you just can't
get it to flip you can always try moving
your foot further back on the board you
know at least while learning you'll
eventually get the hang of it to where
you don't need to do that but that
sometimes helps me like what I'm trying
to triple flips I put them like way back
here to get a lot of leverage and
sometimes your foots just like dude I
don't know how to kick the board this
fast so don't get discouraged if you
just keep trying and trying and you're
going to get the hang of it your foot
something like I can kick this board and
you'll eventually just be able to smash
that board and do the double flip
so there you go guys that is the basics
of how to learn how to do a double
kickflip you're going to put your foot
back a little further you're gonna kick
it earlier and kick it hard and let it
do its thing and it's really not that
hard of a trick but you know learning
skateboarding as a whole is definitely
not easy so remember you can watch a
million how-to videos and the real thing
that's going to help you learn how to do
tricks is going out there and trying and
trying and trying until you figured out
yourself a good thing to do is watch a
lot of skate videos watch a lot of slow
motion videos and just study the tricks
like see how people speed moves that's
the best way to really get a grasp on
how tricks work so there you go guys I
hope that helped and remember try try
try subscribe or die
I'm going to go try to launch my board
from bat bank to the grass let's see if
I can do this try it again
totally just three foot back we see that
I am good whatever I thank you for
watching my video guys I hope that
helped everybody who's trying to hide
your double flips if you want to see
more videos from me click this button
right here that will subscribe to my
channel I'll give you more skateboarding
skits randomness how-to videos like this
and if you want to see my last how-to
video it's right down there boom I think
that's a how to learn how to skate
handrails so there you go I'm gonna I'm
gonna go and before I go I'm gonna try
to break this branch action go pass
that's right just freakin broke you good
bye guys
