what's up guys long story short I have a
handful of fruit that's been soaked in
bug killer and it's not edible what am I
gonna do with it boom real-life fruit
ninja it's going down right now
yeah hit me with a dude oh I like just
film the garbage can and uh and I went
in it went in Alex yes yeah Al I'm my
what you will do a victory golf line do
I yeah it's like a cloud of dust dude
say subscriber fruit subscriber fruit
all right oh sure don't hit me with it
oh did half of that go in like did it go
I think it went in it did go in oh right
right here i'm in horrible golf this is
not going to go good I gonna miss what
at me geez dude do it when I was
anti-climatic goodbye thank you for
watching my video guys if you want to
see more videos from me hit this button
right here boom that will subscribe you
to my channel to see more skateboarding
skits pranks randomness like this and
whatever craziness my brain thinks up if
you want to see a classic video hit this
right here boo I would be honest I have
no idea what I'm gonna choose my classic
video so in a second they'll be a title
explaining what it is but you know maybe
I shouldn't watch that but thanks for
watching guys I really appreciate the
sport and I will see you guys in the
future cue music
you
