go you can't break it there's no way
you're gonna break this I told you you
can't break it
we're done all right all right you guys
come on can you please take this
seriously okay so don't go again Casey
Casey whoa oh my gosh you might hit me
in the face
best frontside flip who is it ed
Reynolds okay best backside flip
recently edge in general yeah Andy
Schrock no get it get it what do you
think is best hey he's good back to flip
I would say Eric Ellington I really
personal from ins I like his a lot how
do you think Chris Rollins recently
Chris Russell's go to everything who are
at best three flip I'm gonna say
Appleyard just because no no no well
yeah dude but Shane run yeah but watch
this face walk Jocelyn might yeah Brian
who has the best three flip okay listen
- good one yeah I'm saying Appleyard
Shane O'Neill does but ya know go on
I did you did this is what a special all
these they're from Canada and they're
upside down yeah they're good they're
still from Canada they are still from
Canada so Canadian Smarties are
different than United States of American
Smarties and uh we're gonna eat these
live literally yeah Gabe you're standing
right there refilling this is like
they're eating candy in a video of your
head I guess yeah these are one of my
favorite candies well it's not here
about the last version are they they
look like Debbie chocolate for fun till
the out chocolate M&Ms your eminence
they're better than immigrants so
they're literally tastes exactly like an
M&M house I think oh yeah they're good
there's some now maybe they are they're
like they're like M&Ms where the hints
are easy peasy we can eat your own stuff
thank you
Brenden gave me these he's very nice
dude he's been supporting he's like
revenge dicks so props for like a
million years of supporting games you
want to try these you like Smarties I do
these are nothing like except they are
Smarties we're so confused oh those
aren't American Smarties no but good job
you did that you did that first try
thank you YouTube what is up guys I
usually do not talk at these were five
randomness videos but it's been a second
since I've explained these these are
basically just things that didn't make
random videos or stuff that came to me
that doesn't really have a place and I
just put it in one revived randomness
edit and it eventually when it started
it was total like a revive oriented
video now it's just like everyone like
there's three buck footage their sports
footage there's people in them that have
nothing to do with any of the companies
they're just friends but yeah there you
guys go there's no rules in this I hope
you guys like it
Carlos's quad flip was insane I've never
done any sort of quad flip in my life
I'm sorry time I see one I mean I kind
of go huh alright but that's it hope you
guys like that you guys want to see more
videos for me there's a subscribe button
right below the video just kind of hit
it your sign up see more videos I do
them all the time I have a lot of fun
with them and I hope I hope you're
enjoying them I'm done I'm about to eat
soup for lunch I wish there's more but
I'm gonna enjoy the said soup oh yeah
bye
they're degrees every day every day
every day okay you got to get to class
you don't have a choice
don't drop out kids stay in school
you
