how you do that chasing him with a hot
I'm chasing him with a high five right
boom
so yes a large majority of the world has
already seen that trick and we are
avenged 28 but when I was putting the
edit together I was like dude this is
like such a good trick I felt like I was
committing a crime or so they're not
playing in slow mo or emphasizing that
trick so I kind of want to make its own
video so here it is I hope you guys
enjoyed that I threw it extra clip in
that you guys haven't seen so yes that
is the wonderful Darren Millar he's my
bud and it was awesome to actually like
symmetry life meet with him and skate
with him for a session that was awesome
I'll put a link to his channel at the
end of this if you watch I got more of
his skating not only is he awesome in
the skateboard but he's a very very
talented videographer so check his
channel out and like it but don't
actually like it like a Facebook page
just enjoy it is we're trying to say and
funny fact he's also flow for vox and
I'm just want to remind you guys of the
Vox sales going on for all my
subscribers this month its twenty
percent off anything in their stores so
there'll be a link right down the info
click that and when you're checking out
there'll be a little coupon code section
just put Andy in there just simple as
that Andy and I'll get twenty percent
off everything so jump on that because
it ends on the 8th of november and vox
sent me some little promo clip because
all the pros on vox or signing shoes so
not only will you get a discount but
you'll also get your shoes signed by a
professional skateboarder so that's
pretty awesome i'm gonna go i'm gonna
try to film and skateboard at the skate
park right now hey get over here get
over here here right here you trust
yourself to ollie over me ok yeah i'm
gonna get like a jcpenney ank ok it's
gonna be like over the camera I know
yeah are you down for that my gosh he
lands on my head it'll be a good YouTube
food right it wasn't smooth enough you
want to do it again all right for some
reason I feel like a 16 year old girl
like lying down like pointing up with
the camera like my life's just drew
Scott
you
I
