all right guys this is we are avenged 29
it's about time right I have my crew
here we're about to skate Ludlow Park
you guys ready oh yeah what do you what
are you guys doing you guys are mall
grabbing right now that's not how you
hold your skateboard okay skateboarding
is not about doing good on your
skateboard having fun doing it pushing
yourself and progressing skateboarding
is about style and what you wear and how
you hold your board you guys should be
ashamed of yourselves come on I'm gonna
I'm gonna I'm gonna turn this camera
round and you guys better have a better
way to hold your boards all right you
guys presentable skateboarders now I
think so okay
gosh about time you guys don't let's go
chill skate let's go get some trip
yeah
the last thing you guys you guys want to
see how you can kick their board the
farthest let's do it all right hold on
gonna get over there yes and your board
didn't go very far dude I get a redo I
think we have a winner dude I'm calling
it Sam's gonna win Oh Sam's in the lead
I get one I get one I get the good water
rematch sometime Sam crazy while going
alright so we are going to lift in I do
believe to skateboard today and um Brad
Pitt is calling me what Brad Pitt Brad
Pitt is calling Brad Pitt would not be
calling you red Pitt
why would Brad Pitt be calling you dude
Brad Pitt all right oh my gosh stop no
way Brad Pitt is calling me wow he
really is not why missed his call no he
texted me though 30 tricks three stare
today we're all ruined your careers
our careers skateboard
okay so I guess we're gonna go do what
Brad Pitt says why I don't know why all
right guys so we've been here before but
this is a pretty perfect three stare to
do 30 tricks on
rad says do it cleaner eat it Brad Pitt
whoa Brad Pitt Rick's done whoa let's do
it oh all right Alex what do we have
here
some stuff at a place so I found these
cheap plastic boxes behind this grocery
store and we're gonna try to skate them
I will run out of sunlight so we got to
do this great shred yes I am yes you are
whoa
like how I fell to the ground like oh
somehow it's under me Josh
I'm just gonna take it because I'm not
gonna learn that smooth here now we have
her victory pal does that mean I get a
victory pal right here here to go over
that fence no there's a backyard there
I'll probably hit like an innocent dog
if I do this I'll just write this man is
it easy good yeah let's see what you do
this first try cuz I sure can't do skate
tricks first run victory pal episode
done check the back
this is how you hold your board
you
