you might be thinking wow Andy looks
really stupid right now you know what I
can make myself look even stupider boom
yeah I look like the real life smart car
at is how dumb I looks is a face you
could have trouble forgetting you be
going to sleep at night like gosh I
can't get that stupid face out of my
head man I'm sorry I'm really sorry that
I did it to you but really guys this is
an update video and i haven't done one
of these in a while and I was like man I
gotta do one in a form people what's
going on in my life so here it is as you
guys know my life is always busy but I
feel like my schedule is just a little
more book lately like I wake up and I'm
like man I got all these things to do or
you kidding me i feel like i should be
in hollywood like two o'clock be at this
building 2 of 5 shake this person's hand
203 was two minutes ago I don't know how
that works but it seriously feels like
my day is done before even starts like I
feel like my October is already gone in
this only the middle of it so that kind
of sucks but it'll slow down especially
with the winter i'm unable to go outside
as much so i'll be stuck inside going
crazy doing weird skits but i just had
to vent to you guys I'd get my schedule
issues off my chest if you may actually
back up for one second a reason why I my
schedules a little more booked is
because I've started picking up shifts
at my old driving pizza job so I'm doing
all of this business stuff and doing
videos and i'm driving pizzas a couple
times a week just for extra cash because
next month is a terrific month for video
games that we have the we have black ops
2 coming out which i'm going to be
extremely excited for and then right
after that the wii u comes out and i
have always been a huge Nintendo fan
like I have always day one when a system
comes out I'm there as soon as I can to
get the system and I feel like a kid on
Christmas and there's a new
side-scrolling Mario that comes out that
day so that's always fun to play um it's
just a light-hearted goofy game but
Mario is like google it always answers
your questions or something Mario's like
the postman he always delivers there you
go what is this if you've been keeping
up with all the videos I've been
releasing on my channel lately well then
you've seen a lot of California footage
and I have even more footage to come
from That visit it was outside a family
life and outside of Brittany riding and
all the people that I love it was the
best five days of my entire life it was
one great big adventure and I'm gonna
write up some big long post on my blog
detailing everything that happened but
being a lookout for more califo it was
so much fun and I cannot wait to get
back to California with revenge to do it
again and speaking of revenge revenge is
going solid as usual I feel like every
update video I kind of have to let you
know what's coming other inch we
actually have some decks in I don't know
if
how many people are aware of we've had
these in for a couple weeks we have
black lifelines finally right we got
black lifelines in we also have read
lifelines and then we have our just
focus revenge graphic I know there's a
prayer standard revenge but we're going
to do some more creative graphics next
time around so be on the lookout for
those but right now we got some decks n
guys and we have all sizes in stock
right now in our online store which you
can get to by going to the info and
clicking the revenge website link but
aside from product revenge is rocking
we're really saying we are men 29
tomorrow which should be the last of
season 3 because it's the winter now and
gets dark really early with all a lot of
light or and it gets cold you know it's
just not good so as always we'll be back
in the spring to start season 4 and
season four is gonna be a little bit
different but fear not there's a great
reason for this and I will I'm going to
release a video talking about the state
of revenge and whatnot and give you guys
a little more information on that but
that'll be a sewing video so watch out
for that so other than that I've been
stressing a lot lately about like skits
or just non skating videos in general
because I have so much skate stuff
coming out I like to be goofy and mix it
up some but I haven't had much of time
and I've been I feel like I've had
writer's block so keep on the lookout
for some really weird skits coming out
because when i get like this I seem to
come up with like the weirdest stuff but
hopefully you'll see that and I've
really been trying to do cakes to phase
2 I haven't had a moment of free time
you go out and film this I assure you it
is my first priority when it comes to
pranks that's the next one I'm gonna do
when I get a moment it's gonna happen so
be on the lookout for it I don't get it
done as soon as I can my life is just
really busy and before you go I have to
tell you you have to check out this
video okay it's over on Alex's channel
at the end of this video there'll be a
link to it click on it and watch it it's
a parody of these update videos done by
Alex's three-year-old daughter it is
adorable it is really really funny and
she she gets it pretty right so huh
check it out and if you're not
subscribed Alex already you want to be
because he has a lot of revenge footage
that you don't see here on this channel
that's like behind the scenes and just
like one trick videos and it's pretty
cool so check it out and subscribe to
Alex and I'm gonna go before I do I'm
gonna go like this put this back on and
in bed this image into your brain so
when you're going to sleep tonight you
gonna be like I can't get that face out
of my head I hate you Andy I'm sorry I
got to be meeting once a while right
guys subscribe or beast
so if you've been keeping up with videos
I've been releasing lately happened
about oh my gosh my fing an auctioneer
solve your buddy went over my head why
do I feature do I think about everything
I can't do that any better than
auctioneer I didn't try to be an
auctioneer it's time to do an update
video you better not turn off always
freaking turn this sorry on all
right you just see how weird i am when
i'm off camera except it was on camera
or was it are you seeing this or are you
not ferret ferret and he looks really
stupid the thing is i can make myself
look even stupid alright i get i could
talk like this and short choppy words
symbols fractions sentences division
multiplication multiplication
multiplication stop Andy you're an idiot
I look like square Pringles I look like
the computers blank password yeah maybe
maybe new password why not I know my own
password success and right after filming
that clip I stepped on the glasses I'm
not sure whose these were I don't think
they were mine but they were in my
office sorry sorry whoever the show her
might as well throw it would be
beautiful my back is broken I've got a
trash can in my head and it's gonna get
thrown out the chair that could have
been bad and broke Baltimore's face why
am i singing I just don't know no and
space don't rhyme I didn't say space I
said face Baltimore's face not space
gosh anything right Andy
you
