YouTube what's up guys I am here in the
beautiful San Clemente California with
the none other than boom what's up guys
Ryan Sheckler
yep we're here Thank You mini skatepark
this is uh this is the park I grew up at
man it's 12 years old now and I was here
on the day it opened so this is like my
go-to park and uh see ya didn't you
throw your helmet away and that I
trashed every day that was the start of
it all that's like the most famous
trashcan in the world what do you say we
do a top 5 yeah I'm totally down for
that yeah all right let's do it
me personally my top five like favor
like most fun ones I think would be
definitely the kickflip what's he gonna
kick to flip it it just feels so good
randomly Mary okay clips I love that
trick as well tre flips of course fakie
hardflip sort fun and I think a good
inward heel flew yeah
top five favorite TV show so starting
with southpark
Breaking Bad right in the entourage
there were going to eastbound in town I
don't know I was a big fan of fantasy
factory while when I was still running
so a fantasy factory
I spent my five keep it light mood
damn I was just Chicago amazing I would
go San Jose is amazing San Fran
Melbourne Australia anywhere yes I don't
work everywhere is good for scape away
let's see download music for sure
surfing definitely ride my Harley with
my dad actually just chill and relax do
nothing watch TV love doing that now
just spend time with my family actually
get to like be home and show with my
family so that's basically all I do just
serve chilled escape
see that's a hard one Reynolds Stay Gold
coach Jamie Thomas welcome to hell will
do P rods me myself and I and then
Tory's Big Bang but I have so many
favorite parts those are just what I'm
thinking about right now there's way
more than just five
I would have to say breaking this elbow
probably like the third time I broke
this that swing this one became serious
broke this one this would be my second
one there's two plates and four screws
in there they had to take all the
ligaments out of my wrist leave it
through my elbow
so those are two the other one was my
foot injury separated my first
metatarsal I was out for ten months on
that one I don't know I brought this
foot when I was a little kid I was like
13 or 14 just snap the little bone in
there so I think those are my top five
there's always room for more
top five
stay healthy thank you and so there you
go guys there's my video with Ryan he
was awesome to meet and hang out with
and chat he was like such a mellow
down-to-earth person like when I met him
I was like we've hung out before as like
felt so comfortable it was it was crazy
think I just met this dude but yeah he
was an awesome guy and as a pleasure to
this video so if you want to see him in
action you can click this video right
here over on network' his channel and
has him shredding he doesn't fool kappa
flip back lip which blows a few brain
cells when you watch it definitely check
that out and subscribe to network day if
you haven't already when I want to go
I'm gonna go eat steer it it's that time
for me talk to you guys in the future
I'm about to drop the camera
