YouTube what's up guys so this is a
day-in-the-life 8 ok it's been a while
since I've done one of these and I've
got a pretty action-packed day today so
uh you're you're in for something I
don't know first thing I got to do is
get riding to go to daycare you guys
take care today and he leaves Brittany
when she goes to class so let's do this
open your waz boy you sir are naked on
YouTube oh right and look it's a
freaking elephant ball thing grab it and
eat it because that's what you do is eat
things don't you okay you know you're a
dad when you have sandals on in the
morning just to walk outside yes I am
that weird neighborhood so lucky me it's
rained I swear every day I have the
opportunity to skate it rains on me I've
had the worst luck but I have a lot of
work to do today so hopefully it dries
up in the meantime right now I have to
get an oil change my car well that's
happening I'm gonna get a haircut I just
kind of look stupid so I'm gonna get it
fixed so I'm gonna snap and it's going
to be like boom haircut so boom haircut
the Sun came out that's awesome and it's
actually drying up but I have to film an
interview at this local my local skate
park and then I got to go grab lunch and
go to the office so that's what I'm
going to do I might skate at the skate
park for a second - if it's dry and the
park is wet but I'm gonna film this
interview by myself they like they
emailed me the questions and I got to
just you know be that dude who's at a
skate park interviewing himself my name
is Andy schrock I'm 28 years old and I
live in Cincinnati Ohio and that is the
pretty good ox so I'm trying to fill
this interview and there's like Mario
music being like
projected church over there or something
all right so this interview which I'm
supposed to be filming for a network who
bought my footage isn't gonna work today
all right it did this que part got busy
there's lunch at noises a rope lawnmower
killing killing the environment so I'm
just gonna skate for a second and film
the interview another day Cody Smith
who's been and we are avenged before or
2 or 5 I don't know he's going to do a
good new trick alright do a little oh
why wasn't my foot on there I've been
good whoo that was a good nollie boom so
I just talked with the dudes of the
skate park for way too long but it was a
good time but I need to be working so
I'm grabbing a lunch and New York New
York Deli and I gotta get to the office
of work so that's what I'm doing right
now this is everything you need for
lunch food nunchucks picture of baby get
out get out get out get out get out get
out but I have to do now I have to email
network a and Vox then I have to film a
talking section for following
skateboarder for throwaways which is
coming out this weekend which is in the
past by the time you're watching this
then I have to pack up revenge orders
and take them to the post office and try
to clean up around here cuz it's a mess
so I'm going to do that and then it's
going to cut to some more exciting parts
of my day
ninja chopping paper was not on my list
I just you improv that
now it is post office time only three
boxes little easier on me that's awesome
a lot of times we're going there with
like ten boxes it's like the hardest
thing in the world do by yourself but
three boxes I can rock finally finally
finally I get to go skateboard it's been
like all week I felt like I haven't
really been able to skate and just relax
now it's my time I'm gonna go beat Alex
and Sam over on their side of town
hello guys hi you rate a skateboard this
show I kinda want to incorporate
nunchucks more into my life
ah
Rocketman
just hang a source of food yeah it's a
dinosaur that you ever come to
Cincinnati eat this right here Skyline
Chili no best stuff ever in on the Kevin
and then a drink get put in the drink hi
I have not seen you all day have I I
missed you buddy eat that you want to
eat that right in here oh there you go
you gotta eat it
Ringo here one more one more better dude
mmm so I met my future in-laws house and
I'm about to wind down the night I'm
gonna hang out here for a little bit
than you know home clean up and then
clean the house cuz it's ridiculously
messy and uh that's it but before I go
actually I'm gonna show you this this
receipt I got from Skyline when we ate
their wiener on a plate aka a hotdog
yeah you feel me run you guys funny
it's the end of the video ridin what do
you do oh that's right you clap buddy
that was good give me high-five give me
high-five or eat my hand or eat my hand
but that's it guys this day in life is
done if you want to see more videos from
me click this right here it'll subscribe
to my channel you see more videos like
this skateboarding skits pranks
randomness whatever I end up getting
into and we want to see the last day in
life I did boom hit that right there and
then yeah I'm gonna go subscribe or die
in a good way goodbye
you
