you know sometimes guys you just got to
skate in a suit and that's I'm doing
today you want to do a couple tricks
sure let's do it sure
friends in your stable to get our buddy
got it boy he heard his angry can't
skate so I was like I'll all you over
you and get you in the video man I'm
gonna sue
let's just land this
okay to everyone about to comment about
my red shirts yes I was wearing one and
if you want proof you can go check out a
picture on my Instagram my Instagram
account is in the info below if you
really care but you really need to watch
that video right there it's behind the
scenes of a plan B network a
collaboration they made like I
interactive create your own skate video
and it's awesome
go check out that video and then you'll
be able to find out how to get to the
actual plan B interactive video from
that video and subscribe and network' if
you haven't already and tell them I sent
you that would rock thanks for watching
guys good later
