hey you looking sharp buddy ridin hey
this is a very big day for you buddy
okay this is the very first time you're
ever gonna skateboard
are you ready for this I will take that
as a yes here it is guys the defining
moment radon's first time on a
skateboard
do I have your permission mommy okay
he's got his signature revenge red
onesie on only one in the world thank
you Metro skate shop this is it buddy
first time on a skateboard okay get your
feet on there you can be goofy footed oh
I just solid ridin you're a natural at
this my friend you're doing it riding
through pebbles like it's nothing that's
right a little too casual of this all
right I do a hippie jump 180 oh you are
a natural guy all right all right let's
do something better let's do this first
time skating he did a handrail I think
it's clear that you're gonna be pretty
good buddy you like I don't care I don't
think it's a big deal let's go home and
eat something we're proud of you buddy
say subscribe add I can't say that yet
I would like to thank Metro skate shop
they were the ones who made the revenge
ones you for ridin I had no idea they
were doing this they made it and sent it
to me and I was hot I felt it in my
heart I was touched it was one of the
nice things people have done for ridin
and I and I was I was really excited I
know I've been giving Metro a lot of
shoutouts lately but this is one of the
cooler things joel has done for me he's
an awesome dude their link to their
channel be right down there go check
them out support them and subscribe to
him you'll be really good and thank you
Metro for giving me this awesome prize
pack from ride channel thank you so much
now get out of here see I'm not afraid
to hit you out we just did that like 18
takes and he was like afraid to hit me
out of the shot
so yeah Metro gave him that through ride
channel to metros awesome check him out
I'm done I'm done
you know it's best elephant riding you
still did the better trick and I had a
skateboard he just started thank you for
watching my video guys if you want to
see more videos from me just click this
button right here and you'll subscribe
to my channel you'll get more
skateboarding skits pranks baby videos
randomness the list could go on if you
want to see more writing this right here
is the most recent video of his it's him
laughing pretty adorably it's one of my
favorite videos I'm done with him so
check it out and thank you guys for
supporting me and watch my videos you
guys are the best so as always I'm gonna
be mouse hey I'm ready no dip oh really
yeah I can good I can judge holy well
beam me out and get me up there we'll
just some Chipotle yeah it'll be great
alright
you
