sup guys so I want to do this video to
let you know that box is once again
doing a sale for all of my subscribers
that's you guys okay so for the next
month if you want to get some box goods
some shoes some apparel you know and
whatever you find on their store in the
checkout section there'll be a coupon
code little bar you'll put Andy right in
there just my name Andy and that'll get
you twenty percent off everything you
order for the next month it ends on no
november eight so i'll give you a
reminder before then but you know get on
it there'll be a link right down there
the first link in the info click that
you know get some goods together when
you're checking out put andy in the
coupon code and boom you get twenty
percent off so there you go guys anytime
I can give back to you in any way I jump
on it and I'm really appreciative that
box will do something like that for you
guys so there you have it so I'm going
to go try to film Sam and Alex doing a
few tricks and if you don't see much
because they didn't do it but Sam's
right here you could probably do it
right no yes you can alright so there
you go guys a happy happy October day
let's go
I know a lot of you guys asked what
let's just do
you
