and one in New York's like you should
company York man you literally take a
comb and hang up
I would like took my hand off dude this
will be one big scab tomorrow
I do about me again
Michelangelo Leonardo and I don't have
size or bows for Raphael Donatello but
YouTube what's up guys so this was the
throwaways the scraps the stuff that
wasn't good enough to for the final cut
of falling skateboarder for I was gonna
post this on my second channel but I was
like man I've been really bad about
using my second channel lately so I'm
just gonna put this on my main channel
I'll still use my second channel here
and there but this one main channel but
when it comes to the throwaways I didn't
really have a lot like there was a like
two good ones there but not really you
know there was just wasn't a lot of good
throw aways and I guess that means that
I just did a good job filming it which
is kind of cool but I like to have some
bonus stuff on the side for you guys so
I'm sorry the next prank video is going
to be cakes to the face three like I
said in the actual phone skateboarder
baby for all of you who are about to
comment about how much crap i have my
desktop i know i need to do some
seriously organizing my computer I'm
like if there was like an internet
version of Hoarders like this would mean
like look at this dude in Cincinnati
Ohio he has a zipped file from Aaron
Cairo that his head for a year and a
half this guy sucks but thanks for
watching my video guys if you guys want
to see more videos from me just click
this button right here boom and you'll
subscribe to my channel you see more
skateboarding skits pranks like this one
and randomness that I come up with and I
do a lot of weird stuff I promise if you
want to see the actual phone xscape
border video click this right here
that'll show you the full one with the
real falls that are worth watching so
rock on guys thanks for watching I'm
gonna go subscribe or die nunchucks are
back
you
