you ping-pong for your rocket would you
do - yeah all right yeah way dude high
chance for Bryan Ames here
how are you good right I'm doing good
I'm pretty excited about this one
yeah I asked you know one of the most
entertaining skateboarders I've ever
seen it's going to be he's like
dissipating just enjoy would go to El
Toro and either go to the hospital or
languish getting a clip in some way
shape or form he's one of the most
talented yet terrifying skateboarders of
all time
well are what most entertain if you will
ever to watch that yes beautiful person
unique skateboarder we are number all
right so warm up we're new for tricks
I've no idea where those tricks are
going to be but you're due for tricks
I've got some of my brain for you mr.
challenge and then we're going to we
have a series of four challenges you've
done some crazy things in that room over
there and we're going to have you
recreate some of them and your goal is
to just not die okay so if you land
three of these tricks within 12 minutes
you will get a set of bearings okay
every five percent or better if you
injure yourself and have to go see a
doctor or go to the hospital you get the
trucks if you land four tricks in those
12 minutes you get both dealio you get
good for that and since we love you and
you're amazing no punishment if you fail
okay just you just have to say I failed
okay this is very good right it's gonna
be great okay what lawyer giving a read
leaks talking about your teeth Jose
Peppers painted why wouldn't you say
that was that magnet the whole time you
know I just realized huh oh I wasn't
actually talking so it doesn't matter
hey dude thank you for setting up this
carpet or should we keep it here yeah
forever why are you on a ladder you're
eating cheese all that that's all stuff
that's really soft that's what I saw
when I walked into the bathroom I've
only seen you do one cake look okay I
mean yeah just one it was like from a
bank to bank it was a he gon win
nothing wrong people saying it was the
Mamba skill I've ever seen and you
pulled it back to the landed it is the
most important most impressive repeats
I've ever seen on this people I mean a
bunch of good luck on one table looks
like bail and I'll get one where it's
just straight up a nap I'll get it okay
you want to do that Wow okay your warmup
kickflip is going to be into this sure
all right oh my gosh that was scary
yeah
that was a rush that was a rock
that was a Led Zep Josh so you brought
us the famous quarter pipes up soon so I
heard you get even more right I want you
to do all right
no you get the high five when you landed
sure wait what does that mean I'll show
you he goes the se√±oritas piggy okay
that was a woman do poorly on the dish
now here's a little chipmunky from board
the rail hi oh that's easy for him it's
a war
oh wow I mean they look good yeah you
know the hub over there so 180 to switch
her to video down in there okay
I'd never skate this thing thanks fun
did you just warm up in a warm-up ie did
it snow like delay in him you just go
take a Nintendo
there's no loading help now I don't know
where I don't know if he knows that I
said 50
I said fifty crazy how your feet feeling
but you learn it look you learn wow wow
just enjoy you're going to need these
come over here you have to this is going
to be right here
and Bryan Ames is going to come on and
you have a airplane gun
they're shooting give a test shoot well
that's what that does he's going to
shoot that bottle off your head
alright are you willing to clearly
you're willing for this half I'm ready
all right thank you but gravity's in
Bryan and Sarah hair do you not new Wow
that was pretty good shot first ride
oh just Gary I thought the bad with the
safety gear on little butterflies Altima
what what that I don't know if you
didn't even hit him hit him not in the
face
all I could do a few questions
dude if you don't you do that portrait
within 12 minutes the first one is going
to be a shoving lift side of the
handrail all right
this is classic trick Horner's 12
minutes when you go
he puts through the button whatever what
are you calling do you think is going to
win
Oh in hospital or fail win for sure win
okay we need someone to lose no one
loses anymore no no all right I'm gonna
count it he's going to clean it up no
matter what Claire no Martha if they
keep the times a rolling congratulations
what is the time at that's our 25
seconds all right all right well you
might die on this next one okay see
that's the mini ramp okay why I saw you
do a 180 into it and then shove it from
the ramp you had to do both of those so
going off which things off the ramp was
off the ramp over here in into it he
literally did this
he's literally frontside 180's into it
whenever you're ready
I feel bad this is like the most
dangerous trick in the world technically
but now you're saying cleaning it up Wow
you don't care for this trick you just
want to eat the beef oh my god
you hear that he's going to die don't
die wool that my god oh look at 9
million 44 seconds you got time you have
time
whew
now pop shuvit he does that a lot
I talk to her with my hands like I do I
should scoot back what's this I eight
minutes 13 seconds
Oh
Wow no I mean the wind on
slow Papa's delay had to be like 15
seconds and CV is going to fully roll
Hyden hunted yeah
oh you were sweaty you were the dirty I
okay Lu Mahan it wasn't dirty that's
just for high five six million twenty
one seconds all right your finale is a
doozy so take a second to breeze and
then go over there oh sorry you bought
out of the way you know what he's doing
nope no idea fifty-fifty what 180 nose
run what he's done it II think is gonna
go down here like six minutes I think
it's going to work this is none naughty
just going for you alright whenever
you're ready he's got the bearings
alright that's really that what what
special you're kind of in the danger
zone FY how would you leave the mean
this is the 50-50 it will shoot right
into you another does all hang out
I've never licked a dog yeah
garudadri
yeah 4minute but we're getting down to
the real time the first one he locks
into he will late I believe that every
go down they need a liar you're lying
maybe a liar is it nerve-wracking to
watch him yeah it's because he's so
crazy like you just try things
one minute and six seconds left on the
clock near already where is it there yes
I kill this dude no no you are amazing
you're made it's scary to watch you try
sure sometimes just because you try the
craziest stuff in the world you just go
for it aired it's a trick so you ran way
more often he throws down nobody's got
to keep trying till you get it you're
you are a true skateboarder my friend
thank you
you get both of them trucks bearings and
a life vest okay I've been practicing
swimming I need that like Crockett
silver do we have teeth Jamaican part oh
we have Jason Steve trucks well that we
do have these all right oh yeah summer
Ryan
all right the cook you didn't come to
the crux take you we gots enough we got
juju we got Jase bar juju we got Bronson
on juju regular cue to those early gold
went away another pond even do this
again tells where you want to black it
was Silver's go gold cold thanks fellas
thank you for not dying for doing great
tricks and just being a great human
being the child interesting to watch
thank you you're a good guy you're
welcome thank you and if you guys want
to see more videos from me the subscribe
button is right down below it's free you
click it and you're starting to see more
videos new videos all the time with
awesome human beings like these yes it's
not that guy you have a paranoia like a
phobia when things are near my eyes and
the thought of that being cutting my eye
is terrible
do you better have a phob I'm going to
be going slow
you cannot die
