so you're probably wondering few things
right now why I am sitting at a
fireplace talking to you guys and why I
uploaded a single trick that's already
been on my channel before that trick was
in a video i posted to promote my friend
Ellis frost promote his channel and hit
does a bunch of crazy tricks in the
video but that trick everyone on the
video thinks it's a nollie inward to 720
he'll flip or whatever and it's not I
mean clearly if you watch that in slow
motion it rotates the same way if you
did a nollie laser and I mean if it was
nollie inward it would rotate the
opposite way so everybody was like Santa
gen worded to inward so I figure I was
like what the heck I'm just gonna make a
video and you guys can see it for
yourself that it's a laser either way
it's a crazy trick no matter what you
think it is but that was a nollie laser
if that guy's and no more no more
wondering we know but um if you haven't
seen the video of Ellis I'll link it at
the end of this check it out and go
subscribe to his channel he's so
talented and he just continuously puts
out awesome footage like you the other
day he just did like a like a dark side
like 270 flip out its nuts he is if he
keep skating he's going to be one of the
best he's so talented and creative it's
awesome to watch him skate so that's it
starts the quick video guys I got a new
one coming out tomorrow so I'll talk to
you guys in the future go watch the
video and then and then go watch
something else and then maybe hang out
with your family I don't know take a
walk don't take a walk play video games
that's cool no do it everyone take it
you guys
you
