I makes it tastes horrible youtube
what's up guys if you're watching this
video before october for 2012 then I
need your help guys all the footage you
just saw was filled by my friend Darren
Dyke if you don't recognize his name you
probably recognize his filming because a
lot of that stuff ended up in Nigel's
channel Brett Novak's recent Killian
Martin video so you've probably seen
this work and he's an awesome
videographer and he also skates too he's
actually entered a contest that Kia is
throwing right now and he came to music
hey do you really want to win this
contest can you help out I was like yes
because you know he's a great guy he's a
good friend and I had my friends back so
you know I try to help out where I can
also a plus that if he wins this contest
he's gonna win a car and he'll be able
to drive him since daddy and film some
slow motion stuff for revenge so imagine
how awesome that would be to have
footage that gorgeous in a revenge video
I'd be so psyched so um I told him I
helped mount so he's doing this contest
and I want you guys to vote please
please please you guys rock and you're
always there to support me and i'm
asking you to support my friend on this
one because he's a good dude and you've
obviously see what he can do with a
camera so just go click right down there
there'll be a link at the top of the
info you just click it and vote for his
video you can do that once a day for the
next three days so that's really where
it's going to help him out if you come
back and return to vote so tomorrow when
you're bored you're like me I don't got
anything to do I should totally go vote
for that guy and I'm like yeah that's
that's a great idea you know Jeffrey
through whoever whatever your name is in
the couch but please do this guy's if
for whatever reason the links acting
funny it'll at least take you to Kia's
page and I'll put a little paragraph
down there on how to search for it as a
back-up plan but it should take you
right to the page it's his videos a
music video with like it with like a
really really skilled dancer so really
well done the contest is actually judged
on votes and judging so if there's a lot
of votes they'll see the content a bit
got a lot of votes and it's really well
done so I don't it'll give me a good
chance so I just wanted to ask you guys
do that it means a lot to me and it
means locked Darren I'll be back to my
normal antics here soon but if you want
some reminders so next two days he'll be
doing reminders on his skate channel
Scapa which I'll link right down there
if you're not subscribed to that already
and then i'll be doing it on my facebook
so uh thank you guys you guys are the
best and i'll be back to my normal
antics that could just sit i think i
just said i don't know i've been doing
this for a while but i did you go please
vote for him you guys rock i'm going to
take a drink out of this the proper way
and see how it tastes oh okay taste the
same as a taste of the last ten years
I've been doing this drink right
