previously on we want revenge no that's
not count I will go get that though I
will go get that that was mean to me why
doc Andy Andy did he seriously just get
kidnapped I heard that was like some
YouTube of that got kidnapped
Andy shrunk does anyone like no word you
guys care in this video no in other news
Alex Andy dude I've been calling you for
weeks where are you I have no idea dude
I think quarry duffel kidnapped me I'm
going to need a gym tonight I feel
threatened around again
you
of course the one week I'm in San
Francisco Aaron Kairos not so now that
I'm not getting kidnapped I'm gonna do
it we are revenge here in California
this is we are avenge 28 and I'm gonna
do this episode with whoever I run into
we're at Metro skate shop and the first
person to skate with is hey everybody ha
ha ha I just stood in forever
no it's definitely been a while my rate
is right down yeah I am after I shower
you're gonna shower with this oh yeah oh
they get me like a hose or something um
nope I'm just gonna my face underneath
alright so we are starting out today by
going to Martinez skatepark Martinez CA
plug alright
skating happening great we're here
Martinez skate park
yeah they go revenge
remember you want to see you today um
say be the beach money it's there mm
Turpin how about your mom's house
kind of got appreciate my six wait a
minute
dude do you see miss we stop it for look
at that over there it's free what dude
God what are you doing dude it's a free
cardboard box it's free get get in the
car Jules gonna be so hot get in the car
dude well it's gonna be your you're
honestly you're obviously putting it in
here do you see what the word says get
it get it put oh my gosh let's go all
right so we're driving in Yosemite
National Forest that was awesome that
was really good we're driving in
Yosemite National Forest and Joel our
finds a natural skate park in the woods
so we're gonna skate it ahead of try
rat-faced is light and I'm gonna
probably
let me see it let me see it show the
world so the way our men's world yeah
these guys are huge and that's all from
us high-fiving dude yeah
yes
lighten up Joe ah dude I have to feel
like a hip shot is much worse in nature
tanatos no famous five do you know how
about NKU I don't think so uh Stadium
what no so rat-faced and I were driving
past Lake Forest which is home of boom
we're el Toro school is in session but
I'm not gonna drive past el Toro high
school and not look at this famous $0.20
oh let's go try to do this talking kick
down
we're bad see outdoor oh we just here it
is are you ready for this oh that's just
as big as it looked on film jump down it
I'll give you five bucks if you jump
down it yeah and then not skate for the
rest today
you know is it really it's a bust we'll
take off all right have a good day we
got yeah we got kicked out of El Toro
walking just walking there all right
guys we're here at the Westchester
barracks Plaza and who's going to start
the montage other than boo the man
himself Nigel you down now yeah I sure
do
all right
are you seeing this yeah you want to get
it done you want to get a double all
right what about that one spot where we
saw it chick with the boy yeah
back from California finally my gosh get
kidnapped sucks Marty sees what's
happening Jimmy says did you run here
that's that's not important okay the
important thing is that I have an insane
amount of footage to show you guys oh
heck yeah man let's watch it we totally
will too but I want to see what you guys
did
what'd you guys come you gotta have so
much footage you guys just sat on the
couch whole time didn't you
maybe we should just go film 29 perhaps
whoa dude Chris your face dude
you
