what's up guys
we're doing another or else video I have
ten tries to land a frontside boardslide
sex-change slip slide on this and if I
don't land within those ten tries Cory
Dolph will get to hit me in the face
I'll get to pie u-haul with a cake you
guys ready
can't waste the cake on them first guys
sample some out I'm saying he's sitting
down because he knows I'm not gonna
almost film I'm definitely right here
and you just like sealed my left
completely solid I've been caked I'm
gonna land it just like this where else
all right guys I have an awesome video
for you to watch this time okay if you
want to see more footage of Korey duffle
and I hanging out and goofing off click
this video right here it's a tour of his
garage where he takes me around shows me
his guns his motorcycles his bikes his
skateboard stuff and it's really
entertaining so click that video and
watch it in subscriber network' if you
haven't already i've got some more
footage going onto their channel it in a
week or two or so I think so um stay
tuned I have some awesome stuff for you
and yeah dude do that and I will see you
guys in the few to the chair and now it
is totally raining on me
