boom this is going down do not try this
at home ever don't try this at work how
to see it is pretty cool but just don't
don't all right after the videos over I
get to oh gosh are you kidding me no I
get these ideas like hey this would be
cool but I don't think that it would
shatter gosh I probably breathing this
in I'm probably cutting my lungs in for
right now you know I'm and I'm gonna be
the dude on the TV show like hey you
think vlogging is cool talking at your
computer desk well look at this guy he
took a samurai sword to a freaking
printer brew thin glass and now he sucks
at everything
so a few people out there are probably
like what Andy I've already seen this
footage man and the story behind this is
that I played the clip in slow motion on
my editing program and I was like oh my
gosh that is awesome that needs to be
its own video because I eat I had some
more screw around footage of me with the
printer and I was like why not people
people enjoy it so here it is funny fact
though that the sound of the slow-motion
printer explosion is is the actual clip
like it sounds like as a fake movie
explosion listen to it yeah that was
totally the authentic sound of that clip
slowed down but I'm gonna confess guys I
like breaking things with samurai swords
ah so I got an idea to go get a bunch of
broken stuff and be like a whole video
of me just or maybe a few videos I don't
know me just breaking things with
samurai swords and playing them in slow
motion so if you guys want to see that
video get in there and give it a thumbs
up and I'll be like well I'm going to
give the people what they want but yeah
that's it that's all this video is guys
breaking stuff having fun there's a dog
I feel like every time I do backyard
talks there's always Joey Joey right
here hey like yeah I want to be in a
video but I'm too I'm too cool to
actually get in the video because I'm
too good for you but that's it guys
thank you for watching my video if you
want to see more videos of me click this
button right here boom that subscribers
you to my channel and you can see more
skateboarding skits pranks and
randomness like slicing things with
samurai swords and if you've already
done that click this video right here
boom this is a class committee of mine
it's the shortest video in my channel
and it's also one of the best so watch
it enjoy it and I'm going to cue the
outro music boom
you
