hey guys what's up so yesterday I was in
the San Francisco Airport and I met none
other than Kevin Smith if you did not
know who Kevin Smith is you should okay
he's a super famous director and actor
he's Silent Bob himself if you don't
know who he is go look him up watch his
movies and be psyched I am going to tell
you the story right here but this video
has a specific reason so hang in there
okay but here it is okay I just got done
filming a clip for myself all right I'd
finished filming and I'm like I'm gonna
go to the bathroom you know people need
to go the bathroom sometimes I was one
of those dudes so I put my camera away
and I'm walking to the bathroom I'm
walking around like a corner like a like
a bend if you Bay and his boom directly
in front of me okay I feel like some
celebrities you kind of have to be like
is that him or not you know no no
question at all it was Kevin Smith he
was in the big Jersey and everything and
he was walking alone like there was
nobody with him he was just strolling
through the airport and I kind of gave
me this look like the first thing I'm
saying like are you kidding me like I
dunno who you are like is this actually
happening and like I guess he had this
thing is that you know I get that face a
lot I know what that is so he just
stopped he put his suitcase down and he
held his hand out you know and I shook
it and then I told him I was like I'm
just gonna leave it at that dude you
know I that's all I want to say to him
cuz I didn't want to keep him up he's a
busy guy don't wanna draw attention to
him either I just wanted him to like go
be able to go about his Kevin Smith ways
you know but instead of walking away he
motions to my skateboard and says I
really appreciate your art you know
talking about my skateboarding of course
and I kind of just my mind froze up
right now because I was in the mindset
of like I just need to shake his hand
get out of his way he probably doesn't
want to be talking to random people so
my brain might have been on autopilot
and I might have said thank you but I'm
pretty sure I didn't I'm pretty sure I
just did the smile an odd thing cuz I
was still you know thinking that I
needed to leave him alone and not bring
attention to him and I'm pretty sure I
just smiled nodded and kind of like
awkwardly walked away as he was giving
me a compliment so I ended up in the
bathroom and I was thinking like what
wait what did I just do I like didn't
either guy was complimenting me and I
didn't even like I don't think I
continued on the conversation at all I
don't know what was happening and I felt
really bad and I went outside and he was
already bored on this flight I guess
because I was gonna walk up to him like
hey I just want to say thank you I mean
I don't know what I was doing back there
you know I'm not normally smiling
creepily and nodding and whatnot and he
wasn't he was nowhere to be seen so I
was like oh great that sucks you know
not that it's gonna be like a super
memorable thing for Kevin Smith like
he's gonna be like all that one dude
didn't say you know thank you when I
said that but like I just I just you
know I'd like to think that I would have
been able to like shake his hand
to say like oh thank you like have a
little conversation with him and told
him how much I appreciate his work
because like he's a huge inspiration and
what he's done with his whole life and
career is just like it's like man I like
to like thank him for that you know but
no so I got on my plane and I was like
beating myself up over it I was like
idiot
so I said they're about 10 minutes just
feeling kind of bummed on it you know I
was like I wish I could just say thank
you for what he said I did tweet him on
Twitter but he has like 2.1 million
followers I'm like what are the odds
he's gonna see one tweet right and then
I kind of hit me and I'm like wait I was
like why shouldn't I tried to say thank
you on a bigger level you know I have
you guys you guys could help me so I
decided to make this video just for fun
and I figured if you guys can help me
and we can all tweet this video to him
and you could just say like hey you know
Kevin Smith watched this video from Andy
there's something along those lines and
then I mean if he gets a bunch of he's
like oh my gosh okay I'll watch this
weird video like oh that dude he isn't a
complete you know jerk because I mean he
probably you know the rest of his day
might have been like I hate that dude
I'm just kidding but seriously I figured
that'd be worth a try just to say thank
you to Kevin Smith right make me feel
better and so with that said Kevin Smith
if you're watching this video I want to
say thank you I really appreciate that
you appreciate my art and I just want to
say that I appreciate your art to the
fullest extent you are a master of what
you do so back to you youtuber guys if
you do want to help me out just go tweet
this video to them you know copy the URL
go to his tweet Twitter and tweet it to
him and maybe just maybe he'll see it
and be like you know what hey we're cool
now next time we meet an airport maybe
you won't be a stumbling smiling nodding
weirdo but rock on guys his informations
at the end this video and right down
there and so and I have a lot of great
skate videos and skits and all the stuff
coming so watch out and I'll talk to you
guys in the future thank you for
everybody that helps me do this
