you got to jump on and slide your foot
up okay yeah
really that just like that for jump as
high as you can okay you do the splits
boy
are you okay now you ate it okay
all right yeah I think shall we you're
scared because you've gotten into the
splits
guys I got to make a confession I'm
terrified of Tigers arthritis heart at
the hogwards short shirt love you don't
get a tire on my face so I walked in
this elevator and it's the creepiest
elevator that is creepy as hell better
ever see my life okay this is an
elevator this is just terrifying it says
good morning though hopefully that on
the last thing I'm reading my life going
going up totally filming in case I die
right you look at this elevator look up
terrifying missus no come back I kind of
saw it it's literally made of duct tape
terrifying two three hey I thought me
we're gonna see if we can generate a
monthly train a la Pietra I'm talking to
you watch that tail everybody wants a
tail money oh my god three people at
Thirsty's I got a hole going you know
what trucks are okay all right
okay so let me just get this straight I
should not touch you okay I'm just I
don't know what you're trying to say to
me really whatever I'm gonna leave all
right we're in a pretty gross sewer
skate area and then we have this guy get
in there yeah
all right we're ready dude what is wrong
hey that's expensive
graffiti don't ship it if you like Barry
too bad
oh gosh
come on Casey geez I was trying to mess
it up but I actually ridings the bad guy
and I'm getting him
is there a bad guy in here I've got you
bad guy did you kidnap the puppies none
of I even say about it
you're nailed it
are you mean stunt family grow up and
yeah I'm gonna edit in sound so it
sounds like you like got crunched on the
ground instead of landed in pillows stop
I even say about it alright single file
everybody come on make sure you don't
don't get next to somebody I'd be
terrible everybody's single file and
there's the there's the caboose look at
that is shockingly organized Akriti
doo doo doo formerly associated with la
dance studio it is this trying to say
they're not friends anymore oh gee look
at it go
well what America kiss oh that that's a
more normal thing to say that I would
help you out but my hands are full too
goodbye YouTube what is up guys so that
was a batch of random clips for myself
unless you really knew by now this is me
just telling you things you already know
unless you can't read then you didn't
know that and you're welcome for that
beat of peace peace peace peace of
information but I do this every now and
then I just save up random clips on my
cell phone or from a video and I put
them together there was a lot of awesome
father-son content in there so I hope
you guys dug all of it but it's a good
reputation of my channel ie like I do a
lot of skateboard on my channel but I
also do anything I think
entertaining that goes on my life so if
you like what you saw there's a
subscribe button right below this video
just hit that and your subscribe to see
more videos it's free it's easy and
hopefully YouTube actually works that
way because a lot of a lot of people
telling me that my videos aren't hitting
their feeds or they have no idea I'm
uploading it so up yeah I am you can
follow me on social media to keep up
better with that just at Andy's rock on
Instagram and Twitter which I never use
Twitter it's just one of those things I
don't know but now that I think about it
when I upload a video it goes on a
Twitter so definitely follow me on both
those and thank guys for watching I hope
you guys have a great rest of your day
I'm about to eat a taco so you know my
day is going to be good no actually my
day could fall apart after that if I
just mess up even but the tak will be
good that'll be super good I think I'm
done here I'm done I'm gonna punch I'm
gonna punch we're dead cartoon Brian
right here ready you don't talk to me
like that that might have been terrible
I don't know
did you kidnap the puppies walk our
basket and you're never getting
different back Yeah right I guess I've
never hear them back
you
