what's up guys so over the years I've
had a lot of requests to do a cribs if
you may and you know give you a tour of
my apartment or house or wherever you
guys think I live well right now I live
in a townhome and it's pretty clean so
I'm gonna do that just that I'm gonna
give you guys a tour
keep in mind my office is not here
that's where I do all my videos my desk
is and my revenge my revenge product so
I'll do a mini tour of that one day but
right now you're gonna find out where I
actually live so first thing here is the
main room guys we have ridings command
center this is everything you need to be
entertained as a seven-month-old we got
his space station he loves that thing is
we need to pick keyboard a ridiculous
amount of toys because grandmother's
really like buying children toys here's
our little oh no we call this cubby hole
Britney's cactuses she loves those
things she just got him then she's got
she's always looking for random plants
to put on this thing like here's a fake
one and then we had like a dragon tree
up there I forget what's called then
there's an ultrasound of Ryden when he
was a little little little dude with a
random magic card courtesy of me I guess
I don't really play magic anymore but I
get Paxton once in a while basically you
know we have a bunch of girly stuff all
throughout this house it doesn't really
look like I live in it but with the
amount of girly stuff that Bernie puts
in the stuff I gotta put random magic
cards to keep keep the dork slash dude
slash something vibe in here I don't
know then we got some fish here their
names are sushi Peter Petrelli and
popcorn I do believe we used to have two
more but they unfortunately did not bode
well with the filter one day here is our
ridiculously big couch you have no idea
how many videos I've had on my laptop
sitting right there and then we just
recently got this picture and it's
pretty cool-looking but it's kind of
it's kind of depressing at the same time
I've talked about this with Brittany I
was like you know it's a road to like a
storm and like a dark mountain I mean
it's an adventure yeah but I mean what
does that say you know like I'm gonna
head into darkness I don't know it's a
cool looking picture though and right
here we have a Wii Remote a TV remote
and it ps3 controller at the ready
because you know god forbid you walk
over there and get it that would take
five extra seconds we don't need that
but we got it right here and I want to
talk about something real fast this is a
cushioned Ottoman okay we have that you
know for when riding starts stumbling
around if he smashes his face on that no
there's no clapping the ground is
cushion
it's basically okay might wine for a
second he's already but if it was a
table like normal people have imitated
be like oh my gosh dad I just smashed my
face there let's go to the hospital and
I'm like wow right then you could talk
really well for seven months old so we
have to get this cushion you know you
keep everything safe for the little gun
sucks because with the table you can eat
on you know since you have a cushion to
ottoman nothing can stand on it's all
plopping around so we have this TV tray
and I hate it I hate this TV trick it's
the worst thing ever I'm always like
bumping my drinks on this there's not
enough room so if you if you don't have
a baby don't get it cushioned ottoman
this is the moral of this story you get
a table okay so you can sit down like
normal people and there's no demands
worst thing ever and here you have the
media center of course here's my video
game collection I am a huge video game
fan and from day one I've always been
like I've always loved class mini games
I grew up on them and to this day I
still play them more than I play
anything else so yeah it sucks because
every time I need money in my life I'm
always anything I'm selling my video
games that I do not want to sell at all
so that sucks but when I get rich I'm
gonna go back and buy a lot of video
games I'm a started collection I'll have
that I'm gonna be one of those dudes
with the big walls of every like
Nintendo game ever made but yeah that's
that that's probably the coolest place
in the whole house and here is the
kitchen which is probably most boring
place in this whole house but I spend a
lot of time in because I'm a
stay-at-home dad and I basically do
dishes for like at least two hours here
every single day because oh my gosh in
every baby there's a lot of stuff to
clean fridge is not too impressive I got
some like leftover Chinese and some soda
not much I need to stock up sorry I
don't really have anything impressive
this thing you're supposed to put this
on top of your stuff when you microwave
it so doesn't get the microwave Oh messy
never use this ever I don't think
Britney does either and here is a
bathroom and there's nothing special
about this bathroom at all except that
you see my what guys do in the bathroom
this is the one that I use this is the
only reason why I'm showing you this I
was right here saying a bunch of weird
things singing to myself talk about
making out with myself we were weird to
get check it out and now we are headed
upstairs I have to be kind of quiet
because righteously I do not want him to
wake up just yet and here is my room and
when you get older and you're getting
married know what stuff your room as a
dude it just starts to be less cool
because the girls start taking over and
they start putting stuff like you know
pillows that you don't even use does
that make any sense
but girls like that type of stuff you
know I'm renting right now so I'm just
teaching to buy my own house I'm gonna
have a house of my own and I'll probably
care a little more to decorate the room
more this is really Barrett now actually
usually have some air in there and it's
not you know gonna have my own place I'm
gonna put like Mario stuff in the wall
like skate posters like maybe boards
I'll make it I'll make it pretty cool
but I do have my own little corner over
here
I got a stuffed Darth Vader
appropriately and my red guitar of
course I used to have a wooden one but
then I started playing a lot of shows
actually opened up for afroman randomly
enough one time I got this nice red one
and I don't play it enough I really I
don't have a lot of time but I really
wish I had more guitar in my life you
know what why don't why don't you play
right now right
very best thing about our room or at the
bulbs in this lamp right here okay I
found them and Bed Bath & Beyond and I
was like oh my gosh I have to buy them
look they're red
you want to see how cool they make my
room look with her own boom this is what
it looks like how sweet is this but I
need a little more red in my life I just
come here and absorb it I'm kidding but
they are only a dollar I had to buy this
looks pretty sweet especially in a
camera I think what's better in a camera
but it doesn't realize is like Christmas
without the green and here is Britney's
office
this room was way too small for me to
use this office cuz I just could not fit
my stuff in there especially with other
bench product so we gave it to her and
she's going through school right now
she's studying to be a physical
therapist so she spends a lot of time in
here being a college student and a grad
student soon to be she skated for a
total about 6 hours she landed like a
four-inch ollie and a pop shuvit and
then she got pregnant and she was not
skating anymore of course here's a
picture on her wall of me doing the
Hollywood 16 back in the day I got
something in here right now yeah this is
her office and when they left is right
in this room so let's go see if he's
waking up
you happy to be awake so this is ridin
through I if you guys have been watching
my videos for a while you might have
seen me painting yeah I painted it with
my future father-in-law and we have got
it in full decorated mode name you know
in case he ever gets confused he can
look up and be like oh that's my name
I knew that got an array of stuffed
animals of course propria some elephants
his very first action figure I got him
an r2d2 he's got the books he's got the
Stegosaurus piggy bank which is it must
have he is the nicest room in the house
easily I'm gonna get you up and we're
gonna go to Grandma's house okay yeah
alright guys well this has been my cribs
hope you guys liked it like I said I
will try to do a little mini tour of the
revenge command center one day but I'm
gonna go guys I'm gonna get him ready to
go to Grandma's house cuz I got her some
revenge business to do so see you guys
in the next video subscribe or you'll be
sorry
because you don't write you don't need
to be hearing about that that's right
good bye
are you ready to tell YouTube what you
just said I pressed your nose button boy
did not I love you I love you let's get
ready
you
