ah that's why you see before
all right so I was lucky enough to have
only one pair of jeans left that have
holes right in the knees and it's not
going to be a fun day for me I'm already
bloody
am i bleeding oh I think I broke my
tonsils geez see man let's go back to
the car
oh god we a little bit oh all right yeah
no I'm good yeah this is how I have to
get blood off my face cuz I forgot a
towel you still see it like is it all
over
it is about time it's been almost a year
and a half since I did falling
skateboarder 3 and I finally got out
there it did fall in skateboarder 4 but
I hope you guys liked it I actually got
beat up this time usually I'm just
falling all over the place like a
freakin dingo and then I come home and
I'm good this has been almost like five
days since I've filmed it and I got like
an elbow injury Silva hands are all
scraped up I only had one pair of clean
pants the day I went out to film the
second time and my bees were bloody
instantly but you know what I love you
guys and this is what I do for you I
would like to take a second to point out
something in a clip okay the one where I
fall in front of the kids look at the
lady in the background she even before I
fell she was holding a cell phone up
filming right there oh alright
run you two okay but honestly what would
you do if that happened you know you're
sitting here filming your children
frolicking on the street corner or
whatever she was doing and the
skateboard comes in like falls right in
front of you okay well I'm gonna upload
this to YouTube and get a million views
that's probably gonna happen while this
video the actual one doesn't get that
many because that's just the way the
world works for me but really guys I had
a lot of fun making this video and I
kind of want to do one more because I
feel like I got some better blood falls
like not like super gory or anything but
these these Falls and this one just
didn't pan out the way I wanted to when
it comes to the blood so yeah if you
want to see a funky border v go down
there and give this video a thumbs up
and I will get on it eventually but the
next prank video is cakes to face 3
because that's definitely the one I
enjoy doing the most so be on the
lookout for that and I'm gonna go if you
guys want to subscribe to see more
videos there'll be a little box right
here you can just click and you
subscribe to my videos it's free and
you'll see a lot more of them there's
skateboarding skits prank videos random
videos a bunch of stuff so I appreciate
that Fred when you follow my channel but
I'm gonna go guys and on my way out I'm
gonna take a samurai sword to a broken
printer and see how durable it is boom
oh wow that was not durable at all haha
it shattered there's glass everywhere
alright I guess I'm cleaning this up
while this the actual video doesn't get
many because get my deck money not that
don't say that because that would be
that would form a proper sentence you
freaking strict trick was a strict trick
news that's probably to happen while
this one only gets like a couple what
are you looking at moon
you
