okay that not look like it's got hit in
the face with his skateboard every one
of the spot thought so at least but I
guess drew just got hit in the arm row
bad in the shoulder and he got up and he
was like you know it was hurtin because
he's gonna hit with a skateboard but I
didn't stop him from landing the trick
whoo didn't count you landed on the
board and rolled away right that's
suffer so much dog laying on the ground
of trigonometry you well then it then
and you're allowed at you once every
three years okay then then you can't do
anymore so there you go guys we
definitely need more skaters out there
they can take slams like that and keep
going to land their trick good job on
that drew we were actually filming for
we are avenged 27 when we did this as
you probably know if you've seen we were
men to 27 that happened and I the clip
kind of spoke to me and I was like yes I
will make you your own video because I
think that's worth watching so I hope
you guys liked it I have a big video
falling saber for coming out this
weekend so watch out for that in the
meantime I have a feature video over on
network a boom this is a Edgar Barrera
and colin rosso of woodward west with
nigel and needed to watch this just for
the for all of it all of its good but
the last kickflip oh my gosh like the
most tweaked kickflip ever it's really
good so watch it subscriber network a if
you already haven't if we haven't
already whichever way you want to hear
that and tell them I sent you that help
me out I'm gonna go guys I'm gonna go do
some skateboarding of my own so I will
see you guys in the future the chair
goodbye
you
you
