the answer to your question is yes you
did just watch a quadruple flip down a
forced-air I mean seriously how many
people can do that trick a select few i
definitely have never done a quadruple
flipped in my life no less down a set of
stairs this is justin easily i wanted to
feature him on my channel because he's
amazing I've been following his skating
for a while now and he never ceases to
amaze me and these ten tricks are good
but go to his channel and you'll find a
handful you know even more tricks that
are that are crazy too he knows like
fakie 540 on hips he does like big
double flips on hips he does he does a
lot of cool stuff like early grab 360s
down huge gaps and stuff or over I don't
know how to explain it go watch his
channels once and let me a link in the
end of this video and link right down
there and if you don't already know
about him you'll be glad you just found
out about him but yeah I wanted to
feature my channel I do that every now
and then and a while back i did a video
saying hey I want to feature you guys on
my channel submit all your video
response as well I will do that again
sometime don't do it to this video but
i'll do another video saying hey guys
it's happening again i think there's
another there's a couple videos that i
want to feature from the last batch so
keep a heads up i'm always here to do my
own videos i'm always here to show you
guys some other awesome talent on
youtube so i'm going to go I got to go
finish falling skateboarder for today
hopefully it goes well and right here
this is 3d oxygen if you guys remember
that tease guys subscribe or die boom
boom boom boom
you
