we have an army of people with us today
Jase okay
this is we are avenge 27 and you know
what Jason wore the exact same shirt as
I did today you know what that means
like it means that we are having a best
trick contest on this right here are you
down yeah all right no idea what door
you just opened up buddy
ah doesn't slide somebody whacks the
ground I think I want get out here I've
heard that you don't bleeding Andy you
talk too much
you
we're going to the DC skate plaza which
we'll be talking about doing this for a
long time right yeah now we're finally
doing right here look look there's a
monster sticker which if you guys follow
bask with on Instagram you'll know why
this reminds me of basket we got this
amazing fingerboarding spot a little
risky okay it's risky but look at this
dude it's like a pyramid with a ledge on
top ah do it do it finger board what the
blue what the dough you City keep about
a fakie Oh did it dude yes any-any
what'd you do talk too much dude watch
Chris saying that I do not yeah where
are we
do you see Plaza we are as an easy
puzzle we're gonna skateboard ready for
the montage nope I am let's do this
alright here it is
high-five you can't do it Kenya a wound
Armand
hey you talk too much
how's we gonna fall right there I hit
the ledge and the Board of slapped me
into me
let's head what you have to say about it
it's awesome it's awesome oh my gosh you
alright
did you get that in your screen I like
blinked dude before is like oh my gosh
dude you always made me a horror movie
yeah alright alright alright and the
good thing about that is that if you
don't land it again that counts and
we're happy and then the video is just
gonna change someone else that's how we
roll
yeah hey guys this is Aaron Kyra I know
you're probably annoyed by Andy talking
so I decided to interrupt this we want
revenge with a little mini session I
hope you like it
I was
you
oh we have Jace's drop SWAT launch and
we're going to skate it has no idea
aah slo-mo hug attending right I wish I
had a family
skateboard Street I don't speak it's no
sentence speak let's just Street skate
okay it's kind of hard to speak like
that like without another man hold okay
all right come on let's just go start
montage montage time nope nope nope nope
I fell off my board before I got on
I hate falling I'm like maybe we should
just rename this whole series Alex falls
that's every we want revenge everyone
hahaha did he not just like clear a few
children like we can stacked a few
children in here and he would have
cleared them do you got there my little
panty doll
alright yeah no that's not count
you gotta land it smooth I will go get
that though I will go get that that was
mean to me hey Jay do you still have
that my little pony yes yes you let's
totally hit him with that when he comes
back hi
alright that's all you got ready aimin
hey Andy did he seriously just get
kidnapped
would you like to reenact this Alex what
were you doing I was speeding at this
thing all right
had a good Mach 10
and the metal ledge does not grind at
all
you fall and hit your back on this like
tetanus Horror Story and do this yeah so
good start good start to this side
choose a peds I'm injured your tour your
backup and Thomas is throwing rocks
you
