YouTube what's up guys it's that time
again
and just because I'm talking like this
doesn't mean a man I'm just really happy
to tell you that it's the blooper
montage eight eight eight of them that's
when I save up all of my screw-ups from
my recent talking bits of my videos and
it's here in one place so you guys can
watch them all okay
car keys switchblade boom video YouTube
what's up guys so yeah so yeah and
because I want to get and can't and cuz
and cuz and because hey and cousin
cousin cousin cuz Triceratops to show
you there's your daily skate comedy for
the day daily skate comedy for the day
day how about I start my day by doing an
English ski company the day that sounds
you a great day I just may eat some hey
Adam Sandler better that that that is
that is a good demonstration of how
frustrated I am right now I want to get
this video done and go home and and and
then go to work oh my gosh so much much
I work cuz are pigs the one thing in the
world that no matter how many you have
they all run away and you never ever
ever ever ever ever ever have them
except this one I have this one
you better be the next one well I need
you put that link down there ninja hands
ninja hands you don't know what the
ninja hands are gonna do to you to you I
don't know anymore words around right
now I'm just kidding shoot us all right
whatever bye wasn't enough then I don't
know what is because that's he's like
kinda like that oh you just took away
every every little bit of mess everyone
that thought you were a dude does not
think you're dude any more you idiot I
got scissors in front of my face it is
so
down here I mean that didn't stop me
from trying gaps like that why am I
telling them that why is this computer
not even on a little bit I'm a little
bit weird today and obnoxious I'm
obnoxious obnoxious obnoxious mean how
do you how do you change that word like
you're obnoxious
doesn't work I've knocked myself say
stop Stein in time it is an interesting
time ting tong ting tong ting tong ting
tong ting ting in time in time ting time
start over
bring skateboarding gosh can you say
something that people would say for once
Andy head him that it did that make
sense which actually did didn't it it
did make sense why why can't you do that
Andy because it looks like it's bright
red I don't know how it looks on you
know the finish probably the YouTube
channel my face looks like a tomato in
this in this LCD screen it's a go
where's any space I don't know cuz it
matches his shirt patient like that
you're like man that would suck if my
water my water my water now it's sucking
my water broke wait I'm not pregnant
wait am i dude wait just stop waiting
what is your water if your water break
you shouldn't wait you shouldn't really
shouldn't wait if that's the moral of
this video if you if your water breaks
don't wait don't be that dude and and if
you're pregnant don't skate flat bars
don't skate classes in my hand I got
glasses on my face
and what a girl sees you in them she's
immediately not attracted to you cuz
obviously because that's how I make
money and why is my computer off I just
realize that password personal my
password cuz I don't give it to you like
500 times a day choose a Pete's and all
those computer guys would be like you
know you can disable that so you don't
have to do it unless it's like 20
minutes I know I know and I'm sorry if
you actually sound like that there's
nothing wrong with talking like that I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go good bye happy
everyone happy and good bye
black yeah the but you guys to see that
I'm a lot shorter now there's a little
lever on my chair and I just hit it and
I just like DD elevated it's like mu
it's kind of nice I get to sit here and
be like yeah so like you about things
about my life that you might not care
about but if you did you might just be
like oh I'm shorter
