and that is what I call vitamin C
bowling which I need practice at because
I got a spare I go for strikes all right
I go for strikes now got a spare but
whats up youtube this is an update video
of mine where I took my life show you
some weird things and you guys don't
really care at the end of it you're like
alright that changed nothing in my life
but you watch it and you're like all
right that's what I did first thing is
first I talked about my life um and your
saying Andy what's going on your life
and you know pretty much average stuff
taking care of my son skating hanging
out with fictional dragons of family
gatherings yeah that was totally me as a
little dude hanging out with Puff the
Magic Dragon I think that was my fourth
birthday and yeah I mean I've always had
this footage of my computer and I was
like you know one day I'm gonna get this
new video and boom here it is guys but
watching this video actually I can't
help but think of how awesome the world
used to be it again I'm not just saying
you know obviously when you're a little
guy life is just better when your dog
you get old you're like oh I got bills
peg I responsibilities I got all this
stuff but I mean like the world was
cooler back then when I was a kid we had
Ninja Turtles we had Ghostbusters we had
my favorite toys were Dino riders okay
there was like these dinosaurs that
these aliens thought that the humans and
they had guns shooting each other and
it's like oh my gosh I just like it
honestly like even even the late 90s
when I was like a teenager I still feel
like things were a lot cooler than now
like now like I don't seem that made
toys or like cartoons coming out then
it's like oh that's a good idea you know
if anything they just keep redoing I'm
redoing all the stuff that was good when
I was a little dude so I really hope
that the world steps up his game and it
creates cool stuff you know topping the
turtles and then Charles is the new is
the new bar okay if you're going to come
up with something awesome for kids be
the new turtles and let's face it that's
probably never going to happen but on a
side note I hit sixty thousand
subscribers guys and that is awesome I'm
super excited about that and as I've
always said in the past and I'll always
continue saying thank you guys so much
you are the best subscribers ever I
appreciate all your support anyone who
watched my videos repost them like some
does all that stuff that is awesome guys
because that
really helps me keep doing what I'm
doing so I want to thank each and every
one of you even the dude that's watched
that's not even watching this video the
guy with the person watching this video
like sit on the couch in the background
and he's just now listening like what he
talkin me that dude I'm thinking that
guy too but since I hit sixty thousand
subscribers that means I'm only 40,000
away from 100,000 and I told you guys
that when i hit 100,000 subscribers if i
don't have a deal in the works for my
book being published i will publish it
myself so time is ticking and I just
kind of wanted to update you guys about
my book I'm working more on my book now
than I have in the last two years I'm
feeling really good about it I have a
query letter and a quarter letters
basically what you send two agents or
publisher is saying like hey this is who
I am this will have books about are you
interested so I'm sending some of those
out to agents right now and I'm feeling
good about it so if I get a bite back on
that if I get an agent it like I'll tell
you guys and we'll flip out we'll meet
in the middle of country well like we'll
party and hang out and skate and it'll
be fun how we ecstatic because that
basically raises my chances of getting
my mind published by a legit publisher
by like 10 20 100 times more likely so
I'm really excited by that I'm working
on it and just want to keep you guys
updated and that that's still happening
and I promise you will get my book if
you want to read it you will read it one
day just hang in there with me guys and
now I would like to take a second to
bring you a clip that i do not think has
ever been on my channel okay it's an old
clip of me doing a frontside bluntslide
off of the loading dock and it should
have never been filmed simply for the
fact that my hair is ridiculous there
was like a large chunk of my life that I
have no idea what I was doing with my
hair and this is one of them watch this
for intent oh but since we're on the
topic of skateboarding i guess i'll talk
about revenge okay revenge is doing good
and we actually have boards in stock I
know when we got our first shipment last
month the board sold out within 48 hours
and people were flipping out like oh my
gosh they're gone already well we have
min stock right now so you have
definitely a good five to six to seven
days to safely get a deck in your size
i'm pretty sure and then after that
after the tsr decks go we're going to
get some black lifelines in for the very
first time I'm excited about that the
revenge is doing good we're going
smoothly my california trip is coming up
it'll be the 14th through the 19th i'm
going to be in San Francisco two days
then we'll be down in la two days so if
you see me it's going to be very chaotic
and I might be doing a million things
but definitely say what's up and like I
said in the last video the first person
to say what's up to me I will give them
a freer adventure so that's motive to
say Andy what's up there's a lot of
people like they're like they see me and
then they go home like a I saw you as i
watch to say what's up man I like I like
meeting you guys so um that is that
videos to come I have we are avenged 27
is this weekend i do believe unless
something goes horribly wrong we just
need like one more clip for it and then
the weekend after that should be falling
skateboarder for i finally got out there
and i started filming it i just need to
do one more session and i think i have
it so I'm really excited about that it's
about Tommy get another prank video in
the works the next prank video I'm going
to do is cakes the face three and then I
got a new idea for a prank videos so be
on the lookout in the near future or the
or the future in general I don't know
things are kind of crazy these days but
one thing I want to ask you before I
went up is that a lot of people have
been telling me that I should do a
separate channel for just like long
stuff I would not change anything at all
on this channel I would keep this
channel exactly the same but if I do
manage to have free time or I could do
like just on the go type stuff and like
not really like just do whatever types
of videos like I wouldn't care it
wouldn't have to be like the best thing
in the world but just random vlog things
on another channel so if you guys really
want a that channel to happen let me
know in the comments or give this video
a thumbs up if a vast amount of you guys
want to see that I'll try to get in the
worse but that's it guys I am done I
think I've gone
list or no some weddings i want to say
congrats to my sister Stephanie and my
now brother-in-law Nate and you know
Chevy Ford Nick Mitchell well he got
married a couple weekends ago too so
congrats to Nick and Emily and I am done
guys I'm gonna I'm not gonna do anything
there's there's just a lot of pressure
on ending my videos I'm just going to go
I'm gonna do the old classic one out
bloopers the end of this I will see you
guys in the future subscribe or die die
that's very violent that's very violent
that's very violent I got glasses in my
hand I got glasses on my face I want a
girl sees you in them she's immediately
not attracted to you but really I mean
like I think these are for a kid I
should put these are riding and see what
it looks like like honestly like this is
like hands down guys if a girl sees you
in these they're like oh well I'm not
gonna not gonna kiss that dude not gonna
not gonna let him caress my shoulder or
whatever whatever sick and twisted thing
thick enough it's up in my life I know
you guys are oh didn't know I can make
that sound clearly you guys have cuz you
watch me do the students of all time now
that you saw that face let's continue
the topic of skateboarding skits good
stead we got the black yeah them left
you guys just see that I'm a lot shorter
now there's a little lever on my chair
and I just hit it and I just like DD
elevated it's like whoo it's kind of
nice i need to sit here and be like yeah
so like about things about my life that
you might not care about but if you did
you might just be like whoo i'm shorter
but since we're on the topic of
skateboarding skateboarding gosh can you
say something that people would say for
once Andy head him that it that make
sense which actually did didn't it it
did make sense why why can't you do that
Andy
you
