you too what's up guys so this is a
video about a video um a while back I
did a video called skateboarder actually
dies on a huge gap and before I even
started talking about what I'm going to
talk about in this video um I'll watch
this clip right here and you'll get an
idea of what the video is all about I
could get hurt no all right you talked
me into it so I really hope that 99% of
you guys watching this understand that
was a fake clip okay that was not real
okay that was a dummy you know falling
down a gap onto his fake face no no real
faces were injured during the making of
this video
and you know I feel like it's clear you
watch that you're like oh this is stupid
but kind of funny and that's what the
reason the video was but I get so many
comments on this video to say like this
is fake you're not fooling anybody you
freaking Rick stick or blues brother or
whatever name they're gonna call me and
I'm just sitting here like kind of blown
away like her hit me you watch that you
actually thought that was like a good
attempt at faking a death like one I
would never try to do that I'm not like
that sick dude like watch this gag in
his head cut off for real you know I'm
not going to put a video up like that um
but I I just it it astounds me and I
want to make a video kind of talking
about that another silly comments I get
on this video is that a lot of people
want me to go Ollie that gap well there
are two reasons why I've never heard
that you have the first one being I was
never that good at all I never told
things down drops and at the same time
and the second one more importantly is
that a good friend I mean good good
friend of mean Mickey bone good friend
of mine already did that gap I filmed it
back in the day and this has never hit
my YouTube channel before so here's this
glorious clip of my friend Garrett Hayes
all in this gap bill
so yeah that was amazing right he was
like 17 when he did that and he did it
like third try like he was disgustingly
talented he was so good and it was no
surprise waited they gave us ago yeah
Geir just did another awesome trick so
there you go guys that's a little
insight on this video behind the scenes
I guess you've made that wasn't
behind-the-scenes at all in the West
said that but if you want to see the
actual video the full-length there'll be
a link at the end of this and you can
watch it and then go down and read all
the comments for further entertainment
there's probably some ridiculous ones
there and then yeah that's it I'm gonna
be having I'm gonna be having more
videos in the future there might be some
bloopers in this I don't know I might
have been an idiot I've been trying to
do this for a long time I believe the
footage so I don't need to tell you that
I'm gonna go so talk to you guys in the
future videos I'm gonna just get out I'm
not gonna say I'm gonna leave before I
says be more stupid than I did I'm like
haha
it's like 95 degrees in my officer and
I'm trying to do this video I got a
freaking Harry Potter wand to help me
out with guys so this is a video about a
video a while back I did a video if gosh
how many times we can say video in this
video video will snip it from this gap
to get you and I from this gap here's
here's a piece of the gap here's some
here's some grass here's some dirt why
am I talking about this start over and
and the real reason that I mean that
didn't stop me from trying gaps like
that why am I telling of that why is
this computer not even on chisel Pete's
hope that 99% of you would would have a
face it didn't look like mine because it
looks like it's bright red I don't know
how it looks on you know the finished
product the YouTube channel my face
looks like a tomato in this in this LCD
screen it's like Oh where's any space I
don't know because it matches his shirt
gosh
you
