you see what's up guys so yesterday I
ripen up I did a vlog of snow to about
over vive skateboard being strong and
I'm does not mean to do this immediately
after but I am I'm doing it eBay
skateboard a strength test I had a
terrible experience when I was younger I
got to meet a skateboard it was a dark
time in life I try to support skate
shops I try to support real board
companies of course now that I own my
own company I'm going to skate my boards
but I used to skate local brands and
there was a dark time my life that I was
broken I tried a base skateboard and it
was terrible so I got a $15.00
skateboard and I'm going to put it
together and we're going to see how long
it lasts today I don't know who what the
maker was I broke one of these on a flat
ground kickflip that's not normal
I broke three in one day one of it was
they got three of them got a huge double
set so
either way let's put them together and
just test it out David brake diva
doesn't we'll see FYI
skateboard shut up if you're going to
shoot a skateboard put in a box it came
like this to my doorstep in a gravy plug
if you got into public and open a
package like that girls will pay
attention to you might not be a good way
but they'll pay attention what is that
all you gotta know warning this game
board is not meant for skating here's no
red board it was I'm not like what I
like this is some concave II thing
happening it's an eight point two five
so I ordered it eight you guys want to
see this nope
I totally ordered a board you 5 I
screwed up that sucked
it might be stronger that way though I
could literally like a ship grip a
skateboard it's done it's heavy heavy
board dude is it noticeably heavier
yeah there's let me hold down I don't
know probably bad Brian
where have you yeah what is it that's
what an eBay for for 15 bucks to stay up
late watching wildlife documentaries I
enjoyed it I'd also like to thank Johnny
Geiger for leaving his head up here in
Cincinnati because I'm using your trucks
and wheels this board is about put
together I hope they don't suck at it
just from the fact that it's heavy and
at 8.25 all right are we ready okay
is this it feels like an anvil we put a
sticker on it we should put a sticker on
it not a bad graphic or go there's my
graphic it's going to break and that's
going to hold together let's go test
this out oh happy all right
I'm gonna see if I can break this skin
you again I think you could but oh yeah
we're just gonna do some basic trig
sorry Ryan you can hang out for a second
I'm going to do a little test
heavy John here where some gold board if
you want Doug
anybody want Doug Doug lost this lost
the skateboarder to see my officer how
good is the best broken nose your mercy
on a box of hot
hi mr. Taylor Tuesday housewife to
eating and it kind of it kind of feels
like you're skating a monster-truck of
skateboards although I mean it feels
strong I'm going to take you to the
stairs that's not what are you doing
it's got a lot of like take the glue
just think it's up artfully like a very
heavy glue directly into me and Emma
super weird
holding the stairs that's where it's
going to break if it's going to break
I'm just going to rock you know fooling
around flipping it's going to be really
hard to keep up Tim you can't exactly
karate by we ever go into them hands
down the hardest kickflip I've ever done
my life I don't know of an 8 to 5 I just
can't skate those or the board too heavy
but this board is very hard to control
Terry we're asking you fine with us
I'm going to go to the flat bar please
not have that much trouble on something
I don't know if you can see there are a
few stress marks and then the student
crack but it just looks like it's like
you see who I'm talking yeah
it looked think there's a crack
somewhere in the middle of the board but
it's holding up way better because some
of those cables were terrible Wow one
lips on a crack it's just a little bit
look slides yeah it's just like oh it's
two two plus it takes every ounce of
energy to get this thing up in the air
and three flipping it didn't even feel
bad wow oh wow I didn't feel that at all
I didn't hear it
it sucked I probably want to take
another one of those
I'm going to keep lips like until it hit
cracks in tissue I was ready for that
and that was terrifying
let's go sit down this is not taste i
kid i was my confidence was up on the
strength of the skateboard even with it
cracking like even when I saw the very
small cracks the whole time it felt
strong and then at the end it literally
was night and day just done like it
didn't even like pick together it was
just my go dance could have ended up on
that rail right there if I wasn't going
fast we completed us now if I was going
fast my feet would have been on top and
it would my gonads are just came right
down on top of the rail yeah the rail
wasn't six things going around but yes
it's the scariest part of this is that
at any time it probably could have done
that and it's very unsafe in fact when I
was skating the stairs I was trying to
kick who I felt like I was learning on a
skateboard for the first time it was one
of the scarier videos I've ever filmed
but there you guys go go to an actual
skate shop and get a real skateboard
from a real company we don't have a
local skate shop we have an online skate
shop the straight quarters calm the
links right down there is on the screen
right now but you have a local shop of
course just ask them to carry our we
haven't put me on board brand so of
course we're going to push that and it
up if you have a local shop and they
don't carry and carry Ameri so too
Pocoyo shop don't do blip slides to your
go dad's your ass what do you got
I'm so sweaty dude I've been sweating a
lot recently wow it's like it's summer
or something I know right so you guys
for watching though you guys like this
I'll try to come up with more stuff to
break endanger myself but that's it
subscribe if you want to see more videos
right down there hit the button easy
free and you get to see more but I'm
done I'm going to go eat some hot sauce
on this you know I always say that
that's how all my video is then I'm
going to go eat super hog because that's
what Brian makes me do I'm going to
change my shirt to just be honest with
you guys
YouTube you just got the bonus clip
chambers alright you actually sold one
of those just one just the ground well
that's weird
that's good though Thanks what's his
name her or her house the Alexandra
while I was a curveball yeah Thank You
Alexandra
that doesn't have a last name
