all right guys not only am i by a swing
but i also have video for you today uh
this is actually a parody of me yeah
this video is making fun of me it's a
skit my comedic friend Nick Mitchell did
he's in a lot of my skits with me you
might know him as Chevy Ford but he did
this for his channel back in the day and
didn't really get a lot of views so I
was like you know what I think my people
would enjoy you know seeing me get made
fun of so here i am i'm uploading it i
hope you guys like it you guys I think
those of you who have been watching my
videos for a while that you know know
about cats meow and all that crazy stuff
you guys will definitely like it so uh
rock on watch it enjoy it and then I
don't know do something I always why was
I'm always telling people what to do
after they watch the days just watch it
what's up YouTube so this is one of
those videos where you know I just start
rambling on about how much just stop
that you don't really care about so if
you don't care about Andy then you can
just get the heck out so if you're still
here then that means you really want to
hear about my life so here we go first
things first I got this piece of paper
help us get through it all you know what
I'm gonna need it I don't even need it
but they need to make sense so anyway my
life is a Death Star right now I'm
extremely busy extremely stressed out
don't have time for skateboarding not
going to play enough call of duty my
cats are annoying as always I've been
flicking them off and does it work I'd
broken with my girlfriend again and it
just sucks I mean why can't two people
just love each other and leave it at
that unconditional love like you my
subscribers you guys are great guys are
excellent Oh a nice rocks wearing yellow
side guys I got red on right here I
always do I always will I'll never tell
you why you're gonna die old and alone
and not ever know why alright youtube so
I'm gonna wrap this thing up now um
which means I'm gonna ramble on for
another two minutes my cash from Ewing
they have tons of food I don't get it
doesn't make sense i don't really get it
but you know i'm gonna throw this pipe
like i always do and that's it so
subscribe or die that doesn't die
I'm spinning in my chair and I need a
haircut um what YouTube's listen to you
right now man all right whatever i wish
i wish i wish my girlfriend was more
like my subscribers then she just
started reading said i like spin oh hey
are you hung out at the end of video
what's up uh yeah so that was that was
the video making fun of me I got an idea
actually guys if you guys could sit here
with me if you think that it would be
cool to do a contest where everyone else
does a parody of me and the best parody
win something give this video a thumbs
up because I think that would be neat
and just to clear things up because i
know people internet don't really
understand a lot of things sometimes no
I don't have a girlfriend I've fiance
and we're not broken up don't worry
we're happily getting married next year
I feel like I have to point that out but
um that's it that's it guys so I'll talk
to you later good to the by at work Joey
does that work my sake good to the by
what do you think about good to the x
huh you like I'm a dog I look like
Falkor from the neverending story and I
don't really care what you're talking
about I'm gonna look away and much good
in the world you might go away
you
