you totally look like me today like you
in this user have ran off now that's not
enough read Thomas alright guys so we're
doing a board swap with Sam foolhardy
and Thomas Alvarez all right let me see
your decks you guys each have 30 minutes
there's the exact same decks and you
guys both skate loose trucks right kind
of like in the middle so this will be
interesting to see like if you have the
same type of setup like how different it
is skate someone else's deck 30 minutes
each let's see you can do the best
tricks okay knuckle hit time gas boom
BAM hey Thomas these bearings are real
fun by fun I mean like awful it wasn't
but you have someone else's board I'm
not gonna waste my time on that anymore
what first try dude that was good
haha i was pretty good dude I wasn't
ready for that line you want to get on
your board and ooh the gap because if
you break his board he can't even skate
after this it's like punishment we look
at ya
for the Ender I was good I apologize to
everyone for laughing and talking during
that line I didn't know who's going to
do a line right off the bed didn't I
it's your turn you ready for this yeah
you skate like 10 hours every single day
of your life you're going to plant a lot
of tricks
Oh to go right you fell on top of me you
were on my head you don't got this man
hi man use your board bag here's your
board so who do you guys who do you hear
to you to think one thing I want of
course you think you want to think same
one of course all night okay well guys
the mutual decision is Sam don't know
that cuz everyones go back whatever but
uh put who you guys thought one down in
the comments below and we'll do some
more these right it's been a long time
stuff done this one but we'll do some
more I'll put commas yo Thomas I think
Thomas my time just kissing he does some
pretty impressive trick skates all day
long but you did good all right hey
these guys we'll see you next time in
the next time in the next time alright
guys thumbs up if you want to see more
board swaps here in my channel and then
after you do that check out this video
right here it's a behind the clips at
the Mont holt nigel is narrating it
because he filmed it so he's the one
talking about about the film itch and
the session so check it out it's a good
good watch and then subscribed network a
if you already haven't and then you know
do some other cool things with you day I
don't know but I'm gonna go I will talk
to you guys in the few to the chair good
bye hello
you
