alright guys what's up to start this
video out i'm going to show you
something pretty cool that you probably
didn't know about how it's those packets
from taco bell get a hot sauce packet
and get a pair of scissors okay you're
going to carefully cut the top of the
hot sauce packet off okay and when you
do that you're gonna realize it does
absolutely nothing at all hot sauce
packet is still completely this has no
point at all so I'm trying to say I'm
just kidding with you guys this is an
update video though where I sit here and
talk about my life and whatnot and show
you some clips if you don't want to do
that don't don't watch this you know
don't even be one of those people in
fact get off youtube completely go do
something cool you know it's a nice day
outside probably go to the pet store by
hamster and you know realize how cute it
is until it bites you and you could be
like oh wow hamsters really hurt with a
bite but to get things right guys I'm
gonna I'm gonna turn my life because
that's what I do in these videos and yes
I'm gonna hold this hot packet sauce
packet pneus whatever this thing is the
whole video and I'm not gonna tell you
why um but yeah my life is about to
change and I always say that but my
fianc√© is actually about to go continue
her degree she's willing to be a
physical therapist so she has like a
thousand years of school and she's Elian
she's about halfway through and from
here on out I'm gonna be a stay-at-home
work at home dad which is going to be
ridiculous um but I'm gonna you know I'm
going to do what it takes to support my
family and get by I'm obviously going to
keep making videos because that's how I
make money so I want to say thank you
guys for watching my videos and repost
them whatnot because that helps me and
my family get by I appreciate it guys
but amidst this chaos I have a
California trip planned next month I'm
very excited about this from sep tember
14 through the 19th I'm going to be in
California I'm going to be in San
Francisco and LA I do believe definitely
San Francisco because that's where I'm
flying I'm be hanging out with metro and
I got some other things that are going
to be shrouded in mystery for right now
you got to be really excited with what
happens though and the first person
outside of metro because that's going to
be hanging out with the first person to
say hey hey Andy I love your videos I'll
give them a free shirt I'll have it my
backpack or my fanny pack whatever I
have I don't have a fanny pack I promise
but uh yeah the first person just come
and say what's up I'll give you some
stickers and a shirt and if I don't have
it i'll take you at your address and
i'll be like i will send you when I
promise but I will have it with me I
should and that I'm really excited for
that that's what's happening I've got
two are all right guys free
skateboarders out there here's a fun
fact my first no no's thought I ever did
was on eight stir handrail and I have no
idea why it was on Easter henro first it
was just that
hey I was really killing this hand rails
like a chicken Elyon do a nose slide and
the reason I've never uploaded onto my
channels because it's pretty sloppy and
I don't really have the audio for it so
here is here's the clip that you've
never seen of my first 90 side ever
since we're on the topic of
skateboarding I have some good news for
you guys I have literally had hundreds
of people ask me win revenge is getting
decks in and today is the day Tuesday
21st boom we are getting decks in about
midday so if you're watching this early
on in the day and they're not they're on
our online store yet check back later in
the day and they should be there FYI a
lot of people want these so i would
order early to take guaranteed get one
we won't be out of decks ever again for
more than about a week or so but I'm
just saying a lot of people want these
right now so they might go faster than
normal also we have the red light from
coming in we're getting a collab deck
boom tsr and revenge tsr is my friend
Justin Nelson and bangarang his clothing
company and we did this deck there's
less there's about forty eight of these
available and after they sell out they
will never be available ever again
they're going to be limited edition so
jump on those if you like them and I
want to talk about the new wood for a
second we did we change just we have a
more backed by a distributor now so we
have different wood it has a little more
concave than the old decks and the old
decks were really strong I love the old
ex but honestly I think the new ones are
even stronger like I stomped my board
not like with my foot not focused it
like I came down on my board so bad so
many times yesterday and it was just as
strong it was like just the pop was
still there and it felt amazing and all
across the board the team really loves
the new decks so if you guys get it and
it's a little different the old ones
give it a second to get used to it you
will love these decks I promise um and
yeah so I'm really really excited about
things that are happening in revenge
we're about to get some more shirts in
we have a black life line coming within
the next about a month or so and then we
have a new stomp revenge deck being a
letter for that then we're also getting
the we are avenged deck in back in so
cool things and then by the end of the
this the year like Christmas season
we'll have about two new graphics I'm
sure so be on the lookout guys really
really excited and things are going
awesome for revenge we're filming for a
video and you
we have a couple more we are avenges
this season before we before it's cold
and we're shut away in a skate park for
the winter yeah so finally I'm sorry it
took so long guys but the boards or here
as of the evening of august twenty-first
but yeah guys to wrap this up i'm going
to show you some clips from my recent
vacation i went to gatlinburg tennessee
and it was a good time i saw a bear for
one in the wild it was like just a wild
bear and i was like oh my gosh so i got
footage of that real fast and then just
some random clips i don't know if
they're gonna be entertaining but you're
gonna get to watch them and what are you
doing making weird noises back there so
rock on guys videos are always on the
way there's a few bloopers after this
and i'm done i'm gonna go i'm gonna go
ship some revenge orders out and then
babysit my son that's not babysitting
your son when he's hurt your son right
I'm going to be spending time with my
son at my house that's what I'm gonna be
doing and then uh I figured fair just
fell you all right you right he's all
right either right it's a tribe or die
bear first try get to gatlinburg first
try bear
look at this look at this ox ride you
got t-rex sucks that is how you know
you're my child oh yeah what's up guys
I'm in the middle of a Tennessee or
Kentucky 7 I dressed up but i'm just
going to fill myself jumping over this
fence for that reason boom indeed it i
freakin did it and you just watched it
for some reason goodbye
I'll sunder saying I don't know why I
have this in my hand still I'm gonna I'm
gonna keep this the whole video I'm
gonna hold this the whole look over
there gosh stop it I have some news for
you guys I'm oh my gosh we not do that
please we oh yeah password of course but
to get things from one guys I'm going to
look at my desk oh I see because that's
how I make money and why is my computer
off I just realize that password of
course want my password cuz I don't give
it to you like 500 times a day choose a
peets and all those computer guys like
you know you can disable that so you
don't have to do it unless it's like 20
minutes I know I know and I'm sorry if
you actually sound like that there's
nothing wrong with talking like that I'm
gonna go i'm gonna go i'm gonna go i'm
gonna go i'm gonna go goodbye happy
everyone happened goodbye
you
