all right ridin do the Exorcist
impression that was pretty good
hit it yeah now all we need is just you
to throw up green stuff and you will
have a role in the new movie bud you
will be you will be an actor yeah all
right you don't need to overact okay we
saw it we got it we're good on that I
love you I love you I love you YouTube
what's up guys I have a baby on my back
got like a bandana like he's in the
Bloods riding are you ready to eat for
the first time are you ready to eat for
the first time I think you are alright
guys so he made he's been making that
noise lately and I was like I have to do
a video this or at least I want to do
video so yes I don't have to but uh yeah
he doesn't when he's happy you know he
makes a bunch of cute noises and when
he's upset he screams a lot but like he
does this scream when he's happy like he
says like as a death metal singer or
something is pretty pretty cute and I
wanted to share it you know some new
footage with you so here is we are in
Gatlinburg right now so we're going to
go do some cool things stay tuned if you
want to see how ridiculous I sound when
I'm trying to get him to laugh and smile
there's an extra clip but rock on I'm
going to continue my vacation and you
guys will see more skating and all that
stuff in the days to come take these
guys riding says subscribe or goodbye
because dying is bad right you got
teaching morals buddy
yesterday all ridings troubles seemed to
fade away but now he has bills to pay
yes I believe riding stress today yes
you're cute cute cute cute riding you're
cute cute cute cute you're a cute cute
cute cute baby a cute cute cute cute
baby eat that Star Wars blanket eat it
ha ha
you
