YouTube what is up guys so yeah you're
hanging out with me today and first off
I have something kind of cool for you it
is a revised skateboard strength test
you have seen me beat up my skateboards
before to see if they can break and this
guy did it even better than I did he
parked a truck on it and has been over
on his channel for a long time but I
want to feature of mine so enjoy seeing
what happens to a skateboard when a
truck gets parked on it well what is it
I asked something at 5,000 at 20,000 is
it really that 20,000 or about it gives
up to 350 right it's a big truck that's
a picture of begin video now all right
ultimate strength test revive skateboard
underneath a CRV alright good luck
ha
success and I'm gonna Park on
all right people
not even touching the ground one tough
friggin born right there
I bet my Avenue trucks are helping this
problem but Janice raises it sitting
like this for like three minutes we
think I'm uh still still pretty solid
yeah I didn't do any damage
I've been serious board for minutes why
uh no cracks no damage no
all right since its held up the strength
test with the CRV my dad has volunteered
to drive this truck over it see if it
will hold up under this piece
ahahahaha
at the monster
all right back up it cracked a little
bit that's pretty dang strong I heard a
little crack but didn't break it it's
still solid that's that's amazing
I'd say we got some good wood I know I
just learned how to do you know good job
thanks for watching Hank I ran this over
with a car gerrant for several yeah so
you're lying it was just a truck and SUV
yes and it's gold one piece and I could
still skateboard all this can't you just
you did a did that and we'll do that
good so there you guys go that is pretty
impressive that skateboard it was just
survived that which is beyond me because
it's a really big truck where you get a
semi I was like do that would be sick oh
yeah we could actually do it you work on
two jet planes they don't have a jet
plane we know I bet there's the Nestle
vessels brothers a pilot for real yeah
we'll figure that I love you mean the
Josh I'll be amazing I like working on
pink yeah I would how amazing would it
be just have a tanker on over a boiler
or do a break I think it would it would
be cool if it was just like like I like
a look too
yeah if you want to check out some more
awesomeness on his channel I'll put it
right down there and so he just had a
really cool tutorial on how to get a red
rubber at grind yeah so check that out
but we I'm going to set up a skateboard
to go skate I got new shoes oh I got an
unboxing to do with a skateboard don't
have fun it's a fun day with my hand I'm
taking an OG clue this okay I got new
bright red switch oh gee red deck this
could be a good skateboard look at this
look at this Katie
check-check red top flies bad luck
according to Josh but who looking for
Jessica
Wow ethanol is that sorry Josh can not
not listen to that at all
I like red tie didn't mean to pick it
but I picked it here is the fastest way
to grip a skateboard oh there we go all
grips put the structure on wheels on and
we're going to go to the skate park what
happened water is feeling it Laurie fell
in the disease like one of the most
perfect bodies yeah right this is prior
on convoy right but it didn't hit admit
it was again open area not the wood
that's true all of these are plastic
trapped if I would have been fun Evan oh
there it is brand new skateboard brand
new shoes I am going to go do some
skating and I didn't get to see it all
weekend so this is going to be fun you
tell it to be fun because the way I said
fun I said in a high-pitched voice you
know that's believable
alright here is my online skate shop the
shred quarters calm the board features
the string test is all this wood this
skateboard about skating all right here
if you have a local shop at them carrier
decks that they already don't but yeah
this is what we got going on people
appreciate all the support let's go do
some actual skating
how many times are going to stay in this
video let's go it's great let's go skate
9 now a minute
beach ball park clouds go away I came
here because this looked like I was
getting nice outside but that's what I
get
either way it's nice to be outside and
it's nothing to worry all right so
before I start skateboarding I got a
package from my shoe sponsor a switch I
didn't know I kind of practicing this
that I forgot about it and I'm like and
on my door just opened it and I was like
oh yeah but I haven't actually looked
through it I just realized what it was
and you guys get to be with me on this
first off I finally got a red Esther I
haven't had a red Esther since I was
like 15 years old and I looked nice dude
it looks like I don't want this to ever
shrink I just feel so soft I'm hoping
it's not
you never know it's shirt sizes if it's
too skinny I'm just going to lose a ton
of weight just so I fit in this great
gosh this is awesome s talks greatest
thing in the world this is the first
I've gotten stuff from Essos and
stickers or shoes I have a coffee mug
which I use all the time oh we got a
white hoodie oh that's like that's
orange e orange e from straight up are
poison when it actually gets cold here
it's like human and hot right now so
when actually it's cool
white I like white hoodies I like zip up
but a pullover but this is so awesome
but I'm going to I'm going to endure it
and be very high psyched on this we got
another red shirt we got some stickers
how you want some serious all right
there go dude thank you another parasite
you want stickers
I'm gonna for one of these on my board
easy yeah you want stickers here dude
alright so yes you sure it's super socks
awesome hoodie and some stickers Kelley
hearts and John Brown thank you so much
Kelly actually sent me this so I'm
thanking you a little bit more than done
but I love Don so Don do not feel less
important you guys are both awesome and
all these tricks I do I'm going to do
for you if I fall all on my pain if I
don't land anything I just fall all my
pain is for you guys so let's go one
reason why I didn't expect I forgot
about this package is that they sent me
a piece which are the greatest skate
shoes of all time there's a Swiss but
they're bright red they sent me two
pairs and I wanted more so I just went
out to every internet site and bought as
many pairs as I could so I like 7 pairs
right now I'm stocked up I do that a lot
like I like they give me shoes but I
always end up going online and buy a
next year which I'm totally down because
I like supporting shops and I like
supporting s so it helps out but they
give me free stuff too just awesome
alright so new board new shoes and I'm
going to do my first cup of test so if I
mess this up I won't be too surprised
but
I'm messed up washing my confidence
I'm going to mess it up gosh I got in my
head
that board Rudra dear good like right
there alright I'm back at home I'm
cleaned up I'm wearing a different shirt
Justin walcker actually gave me this
shirt there's this new company starting
pretty cool so thank you Justin but that
did not go at all like I planned I
checked the weather last night it was
like sunny all week and of course the
moment I go out and skate it just kind
of the world comes crashing down I mean
I was really upset when it started
raining I got like four tricks in and
then it kind of killed it so but it was
a fun video nonetheless I hope you guys
enjoy there was a little bit of
everything in this and yeah I will be
back tomorrow with a new video so hit
that subscribe button if you want to see
more from me my new video is here all
the time I got some traveling coming up
so things are about to get different and
exciting and all that stuff now that
this wasn't exciting but uh hello what I
do as incentive it is I seem to talk
like this I don't know why I just went
there but uh every time I do since the
90s my car I just feel like I'm living
the same day sometimes so uh I hope you
guys like the content regardless man
ridin what are you doing right now
watching you're literally watching a
video we made I know I like that well
good I love you and on that note if you
guys want to tell me a videos that you
want to see here in the near future just
leave a comment below and I'll look it
over and I'll be like Oh Jimmy from
North Carolina wants this and then I'll
make make a video for Jimmy from North
Carolina that's it I'm going to go you
guys have a great day and if it is not
storming outside go skateboarder you
chunk it up and down
we are your chair didn't we this is a
good jumping chair
blast off left off that really wasn't
that blast deep here I mean really blast
off dude let me get some air just don't
get anywhere near the table there you go
that was a little better
