my shirt yes it is but i am going to
give away a copy not your shirt away to
one of you guys on youtube you can
actually i don't need you anymore you
can just do tricks in the background
it's so impressed them while I'm talking
ah yeah so the youtube user any skate
one my international contest he got
third place anyone one of those shirts
and he was like you know what I don't
even want it give it to someone else
because he typically wears plain shirts
and I was like that is awesome of you so
here I am I'm gonna give that shirt
small medium large or extra-large to one
of you guys how you win this is you go
to my facebook which we write down there
and I have posted the video of my son
five-month-old speaks sentences or
whatever it's a little skit i did with
riding so you're going to go to my
facebook and share that when that hits
us let's say seven hundred shares i will
pick one of the people who shared it and
i will give them that shirt in there
sighs so uh so yeah get to get to do in
that guy's up before you run off though
i'll have some extra clips that never
made it to any of my videos if i can
find them on my computer then after this
click that link click the share on
facebook and i will see you guys in the
next video that I do and I'm gonna I'm
gonna act like I drop the camera but I'm
not I she gonna drop it on down every
episode
and there's always a no missing let's go
let's go skate just like that my bearing
locked up mid Rhine I felt it like as
soon as I got in the ground I was like
haha I'm gonna enter the other day I say
other day or you Thomas unix I are you
Thomas
you
