400 videos on my channel guys and how am
I gonna celebrate I'm gonna do it the
exact way I do every hundredth video by
showing you guys the highlight reel of
the last 100 videos on my channel but
before I do that I've got to fix
something on my whiteboard right here
okay there's an error totally an era
take that away and that away okay yeah
boom your move internet commenters for
hugs video go that was a person
you know what I spilt this all over
myself go get another water I'm serious
I'm not pregnant wait am I dude wait
just stop waiting what is your water if
your water break you shouldn't wait you
shouldn't really shouldn't wait if
that's the moral of this video if you if
your water breaks don't wait don't be
that dude and and if you're pregnant
don't skate flat bars that don't skate
don't I just wanted to say guys I'm a
dad they have 931 on january 27th i
became a dad and I'm really really
excited eating the carrot are ya you are
eating oh it's a hot dog where did you
get a hot dog cat
are you ready to do this you are the
best here are you ready to do this oh oh
why would crush on a skateboard of his
professional snowboarder great question
Andy how dumb are you I don't know
you're asking yourself questions into a
computer screen mirror why am I thinking
mirror and if you're one of those people
who did it too much and had yourself
some children well I don't give a heck
because I leaving baby seat you first
silent and myspace then sign out no one
uses dead
want to know how I draw my whiteboard
every time I do a video like that what
angle do you want to see this muscle at
huh what ankle whatever you want to see
this hat girl want to see this muscle up
here all right you were the shots in one
obi-wan I'm in lava I hate you I love
you like a brother Anakin all right that
I mean this is this is supposed to be
that smooth and sexy song that makes a
girl be like oh gosh I could I could see
this dude grab my boobs or something
like I I could have been so bad good
gosh that wasn't bad no it didn't well I
can't feel his finger but everything's
fine I don't want to watch spongebob
don't you get that just get the camera
out of my face yeah thank you
always uh this is what you guys is
YouTube channel it's andy schrock don't
look that up all rights easy
Oh
you
