YouTube what's up guys so different type
of video that I normally do right this
is one where I get out in nature and
talk about something a little more
serious than I typically do on my
channel but I've been planning on doing
this video for three years now so it
might sound a little crazy times but
bear with me I have I have something to
say and I'm gonna get right down to it
um I have been a dreamer since the day I
was born even at four years old I
remember like wanting to save the world
like the heroes I saw on TV or like the
movies I watched and as you grow older
unfortunately you realize that the
world's not so simple that a super
villain is not gonna appear in clearly
trying to take over the world like oh I
gotta stop that guy that's the dude I
got to stop to save the world that's not
gonna happen and you know I'm not gonna
miraculously develop superpowers
unfortunately I mean not yet despite
these minor setbacks it really didn't
stop me from dreaming about changing the
world with that said about three years
ago I wasn't really happy with where my
life was going I had a job I didn't
really care for I had a lot of passions
in my life that I wasn't going anywhere
with I had a partial college education
and I definitely had some career
opportunities but if there's anything I
don't want to happen in this life it's
to end up with some job that I don't
care about you know in some boring
day-to-day routine no I wasn't failing
at life by any means but I wasn't really
thriving like my dreams growing up I
wanted to do something that it felt like
it mattered you know I wanted to change
the world so I had two options and that
was to become a crime-fighting vigilante
with the little resources I had or a
much more realistic one and that's to
live a positive life as I can and hopes
that through my actions I could like
reach the world you know I can inspire
motivate people just by living you know
a really positive life that I believed
in needless to say I chose the second
one but I also made a promise to myself
I promised that I would work as hard as
I had to to completely turn my life
around I would make a living doing
something I love to do and I would altom
utley end up doing something that
reached people and made a difference you
know I would change lives for the better
no matter what I had to do to get there
so I gave myself three years to
significantly move my life in this
direction I told myself that by August
3rd 2012 I would be doing something or
in a situation that proved I was moving
my life in this direction and that three
years is up I went from serving tables
to making a living off making videos on
the Internet
my videos have been viewed millions of
times they've reached thousands of
people
I now own my own skateboard company I
have had my firstborn child and I'm
engaged to be married next year if life
has came a long way and it's definitely
not what I planned for or expected in
any fashion but it's such an awesome
life and I would have it no other way I
will be honest with you guys I
originally envisioned myself at this
time doing a grander job then making
videos on the internet but what I'm
trying to do with my life takes time it
takes a lot of hard work you know making
a difference inspiring motivating people
to better their lives showing people
that they can turn their lives around no
matter what that's what I view as my
life work and it's you know it's been a
long three years but it's truly just the
beginning for me because I will stop at
nothing as crazy as it sounds to change
the world I wanted to make this video
just to say thank you to each and every
one of you guys I would never have been
able to come this far if it weren't for
you guys and I am eternally grateful for
that support you guys have no idea but I
also wanted to make this video for
anyone that wants to change their life
or do something or it you know end up
making a living of doing something they
love to do and as cheesy as this may
sound I live my life by three simple
words and that is never give up life is
not easy sometimes it feels like the
entire world is against you or there's
no hope or nothing is ever going to work
but at but in times like these the most
important thing you could have is a
positive attitude throughout my years I
have had so many friends screw me over
I've had girlfriend after girlfriend
stab me in the back and I have lost
loved ones I've had crushing
disappointment after crushing
disappointment but through all of that I
did not give up not for one second and
you know at times like these as hard as
it is a grass you have to understand
that things can always get better in
fact they will get better if you just
keep going it does not matter how old
you are or what situation you're in this
applies to anyone it's never too early
to start applying yourself and it's
never too late to start changing your
life and if you are trying to change
your life keep going and stop at nothing
because in the end the only thing that's
gonna matter are the things that you
love so figure out what you want to do
with your life and stop at nothing until
you achieve it a dedication hope and a
good attitude are your very best weapons
in life so use them you know no matter
where you're at in life stand up right
now today and start changing your life
fight for what you want and never ever
ever stop fighting so that's my attitude
on life anyway and you know even if I
fight to the death and never truly feel
like I accomplished as much as I wanted
to at least I can look back and be like
you know what at least I fought that
hard for something I believed in and
even if I'm not as successful as I
wanted to be you know it's been one
amazing ride so far and I feel like I'm
actually living life and that is
priceless so I'm just about done being
all obi-wan Kenobi on you guys I never
saw my life being precisely what it is
now but you know I'm marrying the
greatest girl in the world
my son is the very best thing to ever
happen in my life and I'm fighting for
what I believe in in life so I can't
imagine much more fulfilling life than
what I have now but like I said at the
beginning guys this is a very different
video that I normally do I would still
love to hear you guys thoughts and
attitude our life so if you want to
leave a comment that's awesome and I
just want to say thank you to anyone who
likes and favorite this or shares on
Facebook basically anybody who spreads
the word that's awesome thank you guys
so my leaving words is you know do what
you want to do with your life change it
make it exactly how you want to do but
most importantly never give up
I'm running around the park all alone
with a tie I look crazy I look crazy
boom that's right that's right what I
just said was right leaf freaking stick
camera
