hey all right we are skating the streets
of Cincinnati at this spot that we've
been filming that for a few videos now I
don't you guys sick of seeing it but
this video isn't even about that we have
a special sale with Orion this month and
I'm going to tell you all about it but
first we're going to do some tricks on
these ledges want to do some tricks
these ledges let's do it smells so bad
dude I need a shower
alright guys so this entire month Orion
is nice enough to be doing twenty
percent off to all you revenge heads out
there you're going to go to their store
which there's a link right down in the
info and go to the store pick out
whatever you want and win the check out
and the coupon code box put Andy sent me
I'll put on the screen right here boom
Andy sent me and you get twenty percent
off anything Orion for the entire month
of August that's pretty cool right you
like that I like that babe do you like
that take a picture something won't do
it yeah my gosh so rock on guys all UV
reminder hat midway through the month
but jump on that because twenty percent
off is a pretty good chunk of change
saved so that's it we're going to go mmm
that looks good we're going to go hope
you like the skating hope you dig
similar Ryan products goodbye
you
you
