I likes disgusting here's a question for
you are you the reflection or a minor
flexion and you're the real world I
shaved my face with this there's no way
I could use it as a microphone one line
was blow right there okay because the
other line is a reflection which one
which one
what's one oh you know I'm not really
into dudes but you're one sweet looking
guy yeah all right all right look the
half wait what am I saying I'm a guy I
don't care I was told you where I was
singing in the bathroom oh yeah but
shouldn't you do that yeah yeah
especially when you do that yeah yeah do
that yeah especially when you do that
yeah go in peace
standing up thank you all of you I wrote
that myself right now on my microphone
shaver unit yeah that's that's what I
like about you I just yeah I just feel
you're gonna trust you is that weird
I mean is that weird to say yeah like
that what angle do you want to see this
muscle at huh what angle whatever you
want to see this that girl you want to
see this muscle over here all right I
mean it it's my feelings you know let's
just have a I feel weird
I even put it behind my back it's too
much good yeah muscle on prime muscle my
back up front in back me and your number
maybe good get me getting your number
cover what it began if I kiss you're in
it
like I would use a towel when I got
jeans what my stupid well girl us have
to face aspiring artists what are you
doing in there oh I'm brushing my teeth
what else would I be doing in here
all right maybe I exaggerated a little
bit on how weird guys can be in the
bathroom but if you yourself be like
yeah you know what I do some pretty
stupid things in front of a mirror
myself when I'm alone give this video a
thumbs up and just to prove all the
girls in the world that guys are weirder
in the bathroom you should post this on
your girlfriend's Facebook page and be
like hey look this is how weird we are
boom I know I'm going to I'm gonna post
on my found says well what but she's you
but yeah I see this every day you weirdo
but uh rock on I'm gonna go guys I'll be
here not here in the bathroom but I'll
be back on YouTube in the future so
watch out for that video to happen when
it does happen I'll be happening with
something you know I'm saying yeah
toothbrush pressure have done that sorry
sorry fiance q-tips
do not insert swab into ear canal isn't
that what these things are for yeah I'm
clean airs now your idiot q-tips
you
