Thomas oh yeah you have been in New York
and Venezuela for like two months yeah I
know it's good to have you back miss
your bed you ready do a couple tricks
before I believe the skatepark heck yes
let's do it I'm for real right expert
can do it Thomas just learned hard flips
what's the watch them do one you roll it
away like an airplane I was like I'm not
right I don't even care that was like
third try so congratulations see ya
youtube featured video this week is
pretty awesome guys it's got her dude
Nigel playing a game of skate against
Mickey Papa and I'm gonna give you guys
a spoiler okay spoil alert there are
tricks landed and one of them wins that
was pretty stupid I'm sorry it's late
and I need to end this video subscribe
network a if you already haven't tell
them I sent you and watch that video and
goodbye and goodbye to the sequel
