I don't have a razor blade Justin's like
I want you to grip my board so I'm like
well you know we could probably just
grind it off with a screwdriver and it
is so hot that it's just right away oh
my gosh that's what happens in heat your
grip tape goes away so bad dude that
wasn't bad no it didn't well I can't
feel this finger but everything's fine
featured video this week is pretty
awesome guys it's got a dude Nigel
playing a game of skate against Mickey
papa and i'm going to give you guys a
spoiler okay spoiler alert there are
tricks landed and one of them wins that
was pretty stupid I'm sorry it's late
and I need to end this video so
subscribe Network a if you already
haven't tell them I sent you and watch
that video and goodbye and goodbye to
the sequel
