I
yes so those were some fantastic
skateboarding trick says you guys
already know you just watched it I don't
need to tell you but this is youtube
user green dragon 448 his name is
actually Edward common dolan and he's a
talented skateboard i'm actually seen
him before he's entered some of my
contests and i've seen his videos pop up
in the YouTube world but when I saw his
video come up in the video responses to
get feature on my channel I was like oh
my gosh this guy he deserves it i need
to pick him so I definitely was happy to
feature him my channel here um check him
out his link to his channel is right
down there will be at the end of this
video as well um but he's like I said
he's a really good skateboarder and I'm
sure he's gonna get nothing but better
from here on out so check them out you
will not regret it and right now you
probably think I'm gonna say something
but i'm actually just kind of rambling
on because i'm actually planned anything
to say but for real guys check them out
you'll be happy you did I've got to go
though I'm gonna go do some paperwork
for the rest day and watch my son and
why do I was gonna tell you why do I
feel like I have to tell you exactly
what I'm doing for those today but if
you guys really want to know I'm going
over to my girlfriend's parents house
tonight and I'm gonna play croquet with
her brother and his girlfriend now you
guys are like what what does croquet or
why is any playing croquet does anyone
actually plug or gay it's actually
pretty fun game you guys should try it
out it's like actually all you know if I
play it right like we kind of like kind
of made up our own rules almost I'm
gonna stop talking subscribe or die
goodbye
you
