oh man I was sitting there and I was
like man you give my milk right now this
are cool now girl just chill to my space
station what you're doing tonight stop
camping dude I cut a small I liked hot
sauce look I'm a baby I can get naked
people like it who put that flashbang
there I don't know how to use this
that's why I got a diaper mom now I
don't really care before spongebob
Oh huh would you see that I would make
me use a toilet sure you're such a fool
yo mom you record the new Dexter I'll
see it on here got a bunch of Desperate
Housewives or something I don't want to
watch Spongebob don't you get that just
get the camera out of my face
hold on a second I gotta talk in this
video because that's what I do in all my
videos but here's the star of this one
this is ridin my son you guys haven't
seen him in a while so I was like it's
about time I do a ridin video and a
couple months ago I moved his mouth like
that and made him say something I was
like I just darn funny I should do a
whole video of this so ever so often
I've been filming these clips and
finally I have a handful of them what
you just saw but hope you guys liked it
give it a thumbs up if you do if you
guys really like it I'll try do another
one but he's going to be actually
talking soon I'm pretty sure because
he's already making a bunch of crazy
noises um so uh if I can I will if not
you could see him do crazy other things
as he grows up but that's it I'm gonna
go I'm gonna go eat some lasagna and
this dude's gonna do something I don't
know do what babies do you want to say
goodbye ridin sing about YouTube now I'm
camera shot dad see it's tough to get
these shots he's gonna he's going to do
the YouTube later thing subscribe or die
that was good bud alright peace out guys
man this show so expla I'm gonna eat the
remote all right listen I could have
swooned she want to go on a date with me
but then I was like man she wanted a me
you
