that was insanity on a skateboard oh my
gosh
but the story behind this video is that
this is YouTube user any skates he
actually entered my contest at it last
month and he won he won third place and
I was like dude you are awesome you are
very talented you won let me send you
this shirt and he was like honestly I
only wear plain tees really so I'm not
going to wear it you should give it away
to someone who you would wear it who'd
be excited about it and I was like
alright but how about this I'll do since
you didn't get the shirt I'll I'll
feature your channel on my page send me
your 10 best tricks so he sent her to me
he used the computer and the Internet's
and stuff and it was like boom it was on
my computer and I pulled it up and I
watched it and that wasn't his entry was
not what you just saw his entry was good
but this was like insanely good we just
saw I felt like I just got punched in
the face by Bruce Lee on a skateboard
doesn't make sense but you know it's how
I felt inside I'm just gonna be honest I
got punched in the Bruce Lee skateboard
face keep going but what I'm really
trying to say by all this is go
subscribe to any skate guys the link
will be right down there at the top of
the info there also be a URL at the end
of this but you not go to click it so
click that down there and subscribe ok
your life is gonna get better you know
if your mom's in a bad mood and she's
like upset with you just go up to her be
like mom you know I subscribe to any
skate now you shouldn't be as mad at me
and she'd like you know what son you are
responsible I'm glad you made the
decision and I'm not mad at you and it
life will be just completely better what
about that shirt I am gonna give it away
I'm not gonna give it away in this video
so stay tuned on my channel and you only
had a chance to win that shirt right now
you go click that link though and I'm
gonna go I'm gonna get a text message
from my fiance actually I'm gonna
respond to that just like I'm gonna show
you guys a pretty adorable picture boom
see that's my son how cute is that
that's me well that's me and my son I'm
a freaking dad I'm a dad I'm a dad I
just queued you out of nowhere take
these guys subscribe and skate goodbye
see you next time goodbye see you next
up
