I need an intro youtube video should I
play guitar and sing wish I play it safe
and throw things at my wall throw things
at my wall I always both things at my
but now that that's done with this is no
day video I'm gonna talk about a bunch
of stuff that's going on my life and
whatnot I would like to apologize on my
whiteboard for a fraction this video was
a from glass video I forgot to change it
and I got some of the intrud I was like
all right you know what I'm not gonna
refill that cuz that ridiculous also I
would like to say that it's really hot
in my office here and I might be
sweating and looking like an idiot doing
this video and yes you are right i did
get a haircut if you didn't notice that
and you watch my videos regularly that's
weird that's a little weird but about my
life every time I think he can't get any
busier it does and I don't even know how
to wrap my brain around everything
that's going on in my life right now um
the end of the year you know I had my
first born child ridin he is the best
thing ever he's doing great he's like
he's rolling over and like he has a lot
of personality laughing goof around it's
so awesome you know I'm engaged now
we're getting married next summer so
like it's just my personal life is nuts
and then I have all this stuff going on
business wise and like YouTube and all
that it's it's it's crazy but there's a
lot of cool things happening in the
video world you network a might be
sending me across the country to film
some videos in a different location we
haven't really decided it yet but
hopefully that pulls through that'd be
kind of cool to take a little break get
out of Cincinnati for a while and then I
am going to try to talk to woodward the
skate camp i'm gonna try to do like a
little revenge session or two like maybe
be there like for a day or two and do a
video hopefully get like a we want
revenge montage film there that'd be
really cool but it's just it's just nuts
like I never thought you two was gonna
take me places in the world and it's
like it really is it's awesome I do have
a lot of revenge news well show gets to
in a second but i have my dumb little
list here whatever it down for my update
videos the next thing is called
embarrassing hey the tripod so I I was
looking through some old stuff and I
found something completely nerdy and
just a hat I was like I should this is
pretty embarrassing i should show this
on the internet first of all I have a
lord voldemort action figure okay I
don't really collect action figures I
mean I
trinkets sometimes like for my desk I
got like an obi-wan I don't actually
have Star Wars figures though I wouldn't
mind collecting collecting like toys and
I keep them a box everything I don't
know why I have a lord voldemort I mean
I love Harry Potter but that's just all
right and then I have a have a cloud
strife can of like a japanese soda all
right and if you knew MacLeod strive is
from final fantasy 7 the greatest game
ever but um that that's just there's a
little insight on how nerdy I am I guess
Ord was Elise this is my older stuff
what do you think Lord Voldemort sugar
the next bar the video but the real
reason I need to do this video is all
about revenge um if you guys if you're a
skateboarder who's been tryin to buy
your stuff you've probably noticed that
we don't have much in our store right
now we have like 8.25 that's it and
there's a reason for that we normally
you know when we're getting low i put an
order in and they the boards get here
and we restock but we recently um we are
getting some support from a distributor
which is great that's that that's
awesome we're basically never gonna be
out of stock long-term I mean there may
be some days we were like we're out for
a day or two but we're always going to
be able to get it in real fast now it's
just a long process switching over to a
new company we gotta go and graphics and
whatnot and then they're gonna send us
decks it's it's it's an awesome thing
we're moving our way up in the
skateboarding world and we have a new
batch of shirts coming in like within a
week or so so watch out for those um but
yeah things are getting really rocking
for revenge i'm sorry there's a slight
hiccup but just switching switching
companies basically would providers it
takes a second so yeah revenge is going
awesome we are avenged 25 is filmed I
got to edit it it's going to come out
this weekend and then um you know we're
always working on the main video to
which I honestly I try I wanted it to be
out the end of this year but with
everything that's going on in my life I
haven't had time to film myself so much
and then a couple of Cincinnati guys
they're just were just kind of behind we
we all have lies it's kind of hard Aaron
and Josh I think are rocking and getting
footage but um so if we push it back to
the beginning of next year it'll be out
in the spring so don't worry it is
coming we're working on it but I just
want it to be good rather than rush it
you know I wanted to be legit so we're
working on their video and we got more
product coming in orange is going
awesome and I want to thank you guys for
the support and I'm really sorry that we
sell out fast
it's just you guys buy our products like
immediately when it's in like but that's
a good thing right we just need more of
it which we're getting so stay tuned for
the the stuff to come that I just talked
about the best way to keep up to date
with stuff that's in stock is on our
Facebook like as soon as you get on
facebook we make a put post like hey
we're in stock so they'll be a link that
down there if you want to go check it
out videos to come though um like I said
we are about 25 is coming this weekend I
had a riding video that was gonna put up
tomorrow but uh I it's a lot of short
clips and I put them all together and it
was only like the main part of the
videos are like 30 seconds long and else
are okay I got to make it a little
longer so I'm gonna put some more effort
into it and hopefully that'll be up next
week it's really an I think it's I think
you're gonna like it it's entertaining
and then I have more future videos to
come and following skateboarder for I
still have not gotten out to start
filming it usually takes me two sessions
to film a prank video and I haven't I'm
hoping to get out tomorrow to do the
first but alex is on call next week
which means he's not gonna be able go on
film me and then my fianc√© is been
working during the evening so it's it's
I'm their home with the baby so I
promise you as soon as I can get out to
film phone stealer for it will be done
and out it shouldn't be more than three
weeks I wouldn't think so but that's
it's just kind of awkward time from
right now if you're not I'm gonna get on
it also you know the whole twitter thing
I've never really been a fan of Twitter
but I'm trying to do it i'm doing a
Twitter called extinct awesome boom and
it's basically where I just talk about
things that used to be cool that aren't
because the world just always used to be
cool or ten years ago for whatever
reason but uh so if you're of Twitter or
follow that so I'm done I've got nothing
more to say to you guys there's bloopers
the end of this there's a couple of them
because I'm a dingo and then that's it
so I think I'm gonna let Lord Baltimore
do they do they on show subscriber
freaking dad Harry Potter that was that
was dumb should have done that it should
be to cloud strife I should forget flick
picked cloud strife gosh
bupa due to the tube but do boo boo
guitar face cuz our picks the one thing
in the world that no matter how many you
have they all run away and you never
ever ever ever ever ever ever have them
except this one I have this one you
better be there next time I need you the
show and I was like all right I'm not
changed that I forgot to do it but I'm
not want let you can with yourself boy
all right see you're gonna get in the
face you did try to charge it oh that
was Kevin maybe cuz it's your own hand
you
