what's up guys so I learned a new trick
at this park recently the park I always
skate but I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna
do it right here for you guys I'm gonna
do a few warm-up tricks and one to try
to throw it down so start watching keep
watching let's watch this video like
third try a new things usually take me
like an hour but uh yeah when I did that
trick I was like Aaron Kyra would be
proud of me somewhere except you can do
that trick like all over the place but
thank you guys for watching I'll be back
in more videos if you click this video
right here boom you'll check out some
some footage of Pat hobblin he's a New
York skateboarder just got on shut
skateboards so check that out it's
pretty interesting he shreds urban
skateboarding it right down here there's
a little network a little thing right
here so click that and subscribe you if
you haven't tell them I sent you that's
it click one of these and and the video
I'm gonna put on my board as far as I
can this is a way better Mike
you
