kaboom it's a constant thing my entire
life I've actually had to stop skating
because I ripped my jeans so bad
aha did you really just go to falling to
asking about basket like just didn't
even pause to like think you were like
fall Basque with that's I didn't see
what you want to do a shout out what is
basket with new video I like awesome
trick I'm not broken board oh I did see
that that was pretty cool it's pretty
cool yeah
yeah you didn't lock in that's that's
how we do it all right guys this week's
feature video is on Pat hobblin he's in
New York City skateboarder who likes to
cruise NYC and shred on his skateboard
he talked a little bit about a sponsors
and what's going on in his life it's a
pretty cool video definitely check it
out for some cool urban skateboarding
and while you're doing that I'm going to
play zelda subscribe to network hey if
you guys already have not to tell them I
sent you and I will see you guys in the
few to the chair that is all I got so
take these guys goodbye
