yeah that totally just happened and
before you guys go down to your keyboard
and start writing hate comments /
bleeding you know just don't because
like us they're out there just doing
what they do to have fun and this
specific role butter deserves some
respect because he took a Radel to the
wiener and did he go home and cry about
it no we did not he got back up on his
roar blades and did the exact same thing
again hmm I'm gonna be honest the second
time getting sacked in that rail I would
have went home I've cried a little bit
and then I want to put tony hawk pro
skater eating some cereal and just not
acknowledge that's the world but you
know this guy he didn't do that he
straight-up took the rail to the Wiener
twice and got up and landed so I think
it's safe to say that the short of
lighter is tough as nails for
continuously throwing his test go to the
line but it is i see that sort of
dedication no matter what sport it is
props to you dudes if you guys want to
see more of this world litter and his
friends doing some landings and some
falls all that fun stuff they'll be a
link right down there to the channel
check them out and subscribe if you want
to there also will be the URL at the end
of this video if you don't want to click
that link if you want to type in and
manually if you want to do all the work
yourself you can do that is what I'm
saying but that's it for me I have
escaped Vidya this weekend I have we are
benched 25 coming next weekend and I did
say nee X for whatever reason um and
then I'm going to start working on phone
skateboarder for within the next week or
two so be on the lookout for that that's
it I'm done I'm gonna go do some cool
business type stuff with revenge and I'm
gonna go make some more skate videos on
my skateboard out for the rest of the
day and that's it that is totally it so
with that said I'm going to go behind
the camera i'm going to throw no i'm not
going to throw i do that way too often
i'm just going to have these shoes
they'll be right here and then we'll be
done do you can you see him no there's
the shoes there the shoes subscribe or
die
every once awhile I asked my facebook
followers to pick my whiteboard saying
and Jared from facebook is the winner
when i did this time and i think he
wanted me to draw yoshi riding mario but
i didn't have time so i wrote it on air
so you guys have to use your imagination
to make Jared happy goodbye password
password password password password
click that video click that link down
there other baba Baba ninja hands ninja
hands you don't know what the ninja
hands are gonna do to you tough as nails
um I mean he did put
you
