you
you
you
youtube what is up guys so you just saw
a lot of awesome skateboarding tricks
and i got i gotta say you're welcome
because you probably didn't know about v
echo I've been watching his channel for
about two years now and it's I feel like
it's mike my underground source for
unique skateboarding he's so so talented
he only has like a thousand and some
subscribers so definitely go check his
videos out the links right down there
and off of the URL at the end but it's
easier just to click right down there
and subscribe to them you will you'll be
thankful you will be happy and thankful
and all those awesome words but yeah
he's I hit up Danny and I was like hey
I'm gonna start featuring videos on my
channel and I want to do you first so
for all you people that did submit
videos get featured don't worry I'm
going through them I've already
contacted to people and I'm gonna
contact more and then after I get
through all those i'll do another one
say like hey send me your videos but for
now enjoy that skateboarding clips and
then go check out v echo he is very very
very good there's more of what you just
saw so um I a jersey mike's and i'm
gonna crumple this up and I'm gonna hit
you guys with it and I'm gonna be gone
so I'll see you guys next video boom oh
my gosh it literally got stuck in the
camera I could not have gone any better
subscribe or die
you
