I got a challenge for you okay you got
ten shots to take five oh wait I get hit
in the face or else I knew you would
that's three where else well I accept
your challenge
cuz I hope I land this last time I've
missed it by one trick one try
yeah that was like eight falls in one
high fives Randy that fast Randy
therefore you've it up me
which hall before my execution one of
these days we're gonna land this is my
proclamation of declaration okay one of
these days ten tricks are gonna be the
church can be landed before the tenth
riser over but not today
good but still I was like pushing it try
it
you mean some of my unwashed hair - all
right guys once again we have a treat
for you we thought it'd be cool if Josh
did a version of my series or else on
his channel so he did that go click that
box right there and see if he landed his
trick or got kicked in the face I
thought it came out pretty cool it's
definitely entertaining so check it out
and then subscribe to network a if you
already haven't they were kind enough to
send Josh Cincinnati to film a bunch of
videos with me so uh so yeah go go check
them out and tell them I sent you that
help me but I'm gonna go I have some
more videos to work on for the weekend
so I will see you guys in the future the
chair good bye
