youtube what's up guys so a question
answer video i haven't done one of these
in a while i asked you guys on my
facebook to ask questions and i pick 20
of them and boom I'm going to answer
them right here let's get into it Andy
I'm Alex huge fan and your videos you
always seem so happy and call them with
everyone what has made you seem to be
always such in a good mood Alex I'm
naturally happy person whatever I am
normal though whenever I get bummed or
down I just can't do like a mental pep
talk and I'm like you got stuff to live
for you know you have some really good
goals like get site like it's a good
life so as cheesy as that sounds I'm
just I'm just always kind of it like
it's a positive type mood because you
know life is here to enjoy so why would
you just be bummed all the time that's
kind of my attitude what is your worst
experience with skating gym it's not
really a specific time it's kind of like
an era this this error right now in fact
I just I'm always going out to skate to
film a video or like film someone else
for a video and I don't have a lot of
time to skate for myself so um that's
like the only thing I can say is that I
don't have a lot of time just put the
camera down and go skate but I'm not
complaining like I absolutely have a
blast making these videos and I love
doing them I wouldn't change a thing so
uh that's the small thing I can say is
my worst experience with skating and
it's not even it's not that big of a
deal because I'm still skating and it's
awesome if you were a taco would you eat
yourself matt davis who i know i would
totally myself because mexi food is like
the greatest thing in the world is being
a dad what you expected to be Kyle um no
it's it's it's it is but it isn't I've
always wanted to be a dad so like I'm
loving it I love being a dad it's so fun
but um a lot of you know I feel like
everyone says like your life is about to
turn around you're not gonna get any
sleep it's gonna be crazy like and I
know it's going to get create it's going
to get like harder when he's like two
years old he's like throw in pork chops
in my head or whatever it does but right
now it's it's been relatively easy and I
have a blast doing and my attitude is
that he is first and everything else
comes second and I think if someone has
that attitude it's just it just kind of
clicks and it's like second nature to be
a dad and be like I don't know I love it
and it's I'm gonna go to the next
question now what camera do you use to
film your videos with at what model
camera Noah my setup is at e3 I with
rokinon fisheye
and then I have a standard zoom lens and
then I have all right edit in Adobe
Premiere Pro 5.5 how do you feel when
you found out severus snape wasn't so
bad after all Chrissy antic who I also
know I knew it the whole time JK Rylan
could not fool me you are so nice and
calm have you ever freaked out while
skating Kyle yes I used to have a temper
I promise you I'm not always the
happy-go-lucky person I am I see I get
get really mad when I was like a
teenager and like stuck my board and
flip out I don't really I don't I have
it so I board so long I don't really do
it anymore I just get stressed and I'm
like oh but um I definitely used to
freak out Andy I love you please tell
everybody that Scott Schneider said that
guy's Scott Schneider just said that and
Scott a levy too but how good are vox
Corey box are awesome even before I was
flow for him I always wrote him they're
my favorite shoes so yeah if you were
thinking about triumph triumph you will
like what would you ever or would you
ever think about getting into skateboard
photography rather than videography that
is from Brendan and not really i have a
friend brian Ames he was an awesome
photographer he does a lot of
skateboarding photography too and I'll
mess around with it but I would never
get serious about it i'm doing video and
I don't know I just I feel like my time
to get serious about different things is
kind of over like I'm gonna do what I'm
doing but I do have a lot of respect I
appreciate skateboard hog raphy at the
fullest when was the last time you got
seriously hammered Kyle I've never
really been seriously hammered I'm sorry
to this point some of you guys if that
disappoints you but I've never really
done drugs I've never not really I've
never done drugs never smoked a
cigarette never done anything and I've
never really been drunk so I have my
reasons for it and that is that what was
your weirdest dream ever Thomas my
weirdest dream ever was kind of like
spanned I got a ten year I used to have
these end-of-the-world apocalyptic
dreams where I was like the hero i had
like saves of the day and it felt like
prophetic like i was gonna wake up and I
was gonna be Luke Skywalker like oh my
gosh let's go dude is enforced I never
woke up as Luke Skywalker but they're
really fun dreams I haven't really
haven't been having him lately so so I
wish that would come back that it was
like entertaining you like go to sleep
and like watch a movie and you're the
hero it was fun do you skate every day
Sam unfortunate add your knots I would
love to skate every day but I'm too busy
I skate about three times a week what's
all your favorite TV shows Josh Star
Trek next generation
i will say that that is used to watch
grown up i watch it now and it's awesome
but modern shows the office parks and
rec 30 rock community and dexter i would
say there's a lot of us out there these
days mainly NBC comedies I watch a lot
of if you had a daughter what would you
name her some are and I had a name if
ridin was a girl we were gonna name her
even that's actually my fiance had that
name and I was like you know what babe
that's a good name I can go with that
but uh ridin came out and he had a
wiener and I was like let's name him
something else that's not name him even
so when I do have a daughter is she's
going to be avin does anyone on revenge
team besides max listen to metal or even
just hard rock chiron funny fact that
max doesn't really listen to metal II
this is a lot of classic rock despite
how he looks but um yes i would say i
listen to more metal than anyone else I
like old Atreyu and then I like old
metal like old Metallica and then iron
maiden but as far as I don't I don't
listen like a lot of job for a cowboy or
like black dahlia murder I can listen to
it but I don't really get into it like
like the metal metal has to have like
some melody to me for me to get into it
but I like a lot of music and some metal
is definitely some of it is some of my
like aim next question what are your
future plans in life almond and I've
heard it I apologize if I did not
pronounce that correctly but um my
future plans of life right now for the
next like four or five years is to stay
the same sorry I destroyed the camera
and and that what I mean is that I want
to keep doing videos I want to keep
running revenge and supporting my family
while my wonderful fiance finishes up
her her degree and then goes to grad
school and I guess get gets her
doctorate for she wants to be a physical
therapist someone she gets to the lab
that level i'll be like all right boom
i'm gonna try to do something with my
life more so and i mean i'm doing a lot
now with my life but I eventually want
to be I want to get a lot of my books
published I write books I've written
four books I want to be on a beach just
like living writing books and making
videos and skating yeah be that would be
the dream life for me will you be my
best friend and also if I ever met you
would I be able to skate with you Dylan
uh you cannot be my best friend I
already have one and I'm marrying her
next summer but if you meet me you could
surely skate with me home and say hey
what's up dude let's go skate
and if I can I will who is your favorite
band cody i would say rise against it
used to be an old AFI but um that rise
against i think is taking the show i've
been listening them like way before they
were popular like i love rose against
Andy why did you pick the day revenge
for your skate team emil and this is
kind of a different answer that you
expected oh I don't know why I'm doing
this I guess that's a good motion for
what about to say but um I was kind of
at a point in my life where I didn't I
had a lot of passions but I wasn't
really going anywhere with them and I
had a college education I hadn't
finished my degree I saw him to this day
actually but I was like you know what I
don't want to end up in some job that I
hate I really want to like make a living
doing what I love like you know like
skating i right and doing something that
I love and when I put revenge together I
used that kind of like that idea it's
just kind of like revenge on the normal
life you know like living doing
something you love and that might not
make sense you would it make sense in
here I promise and when we put it was
actually just escaping to come on skate
your bench and then West now we're
talking about the company we're like
let's just name the company revenge so
that if that makes sense to you that is
why why i named it revenge but the last
question the absolute greatest moment of
your life trent and i'm guessing trent
meant to put a what is before that but
um the the first are the look for three
or four hours leading up to the birth of
my son ridin and then like the next 24
hours after that hands-down the greatest
moment it was such a crazy time it was
like it was unreal because we weren't
expecting him so soon he was two months
early and so it's just awesome like Rob
would be a dad today and like he was
there and he was like fragile and cute
and I was like oh my gosh you're cute
i'm gonna pat your head this is awesome
so that's hands-down the greatest moment
of life I can't wait to do to do it
again one day that's it guys if you guys
like this give it a thumbs up and I'll
do more question answer videos if you
ever want to be involved with this
there's a link right down there click it
and go to my facebook and click the like
button and when I do do another one of
these I'll ask it on my Facebook and you
guys can ask the questions and get a
chance to be involved with this so I'm
gonna go hope you guys like this
subscribe or die oh my gosh just got
done under 10 minutes good job how can I
talk for that long it doesn't it seem
like that long I'm done
you
