oh wait we got we got to enter this is
it on record
okay so game a skate on that box right
there alright whoever wins wins the game
you cool with that okay yeah so on for
two out of three though alright one
shoot two three okay oh one for me
alright oh it always comes down to this
everything getting intense
alright ah
alright go
I didn't even hit cry
by Lana's first try I will buy myself a
drink to buy you that make sense anyone
but he came really close doing a
three-fitty so that was one of the
better match games of skate like yeah
and rematch on your channel you ready
all right guys I have a treat for you on
this week's feature video as I just said
in this video Josh and I have a rematch
of us playing game of skate on his
channel so click that video right there
and you will see Josh and I played a
game of skate on a gyro gap at that very
same Park we had a lot of fun making it
so hope you guys enjoyed it make sure
you subscribe to network a if you
already haven't and tell them Josh and I
sent you but in the meantime I'm going
to shut up I'm gonna stop talking and
let you guys click some things and watch
some videos take it easy guys until next
time that was stupid
