warehouse went Korean what where did
Brian go Brian
what what what kind of what what kind of
David Blaine was that I'm magic man
Jordan you're going today okay all right
go who start you're in a warm up with
five tricks in a minute it is warehouse
Wednesday Jordan we should get yeah but
you did but it but he hasn't hurt you
know saying like yes I know what day and
where we're going to visit right
warming up five tricks mini board then
mr. Andy took a little skater at sauna
sits on his phone need this trixin a
year had to recreate the tricks that he
did in it I don't remember how excited
five trick on a skateboarding video game
you know if you are going to have to
recreate those tricks you have ten
minutes do so if you do so you get 40
bucks if you do not you have to do 20
push-ups all right how many do you give
a time loop ten minutes here 10 minutes
yeah I said that girls like it right on
my arm nope it's raining oh it's raining
thanks guy hoe gaat on my back are you
read you read their own runs you agree
to these I do good
Oh ping ping with yours eyes Hey look
just walk right up there you come inside
maybe he said Cruiser right where those
micro mini board okay you said you said
many boards I mean when I said Cruiser
seal oh cool good you this yeah you're
using that every minute sorry you got
your five tricks oh and they got to be
honorable for exterior Kilmer like you
have to make that guy smile all right
all right come up with this no just let
him know is that he had some of the
tricks to make you happy you can't just
tell him what tricks to make you happy I
don't make me happy
what's the first circular just tell me
where to go
hey quiet on the set guys you've gone
whoa does that make you happy no it
doesn't help didn't town and literally
didn't tell it's because you are very
old isn't it yeah this is going to make
me have here it looks fun
I'm happy I'm protecting my Samba
doesn't hurt anymore in what you had
definite smile on your face all
absolutely you're going to order prime
ends up yet I can't absolutely whoa
you've got a fantastic burial he'll say
yes this is going to be this is need a
good keyboard he's very good lock out
I'm full smiles right now he was a
little sloppy but telomeric let me look
at his face look at his face
absolutely how many is that three he's
gonna do a trick on the flat bar oh I
hit the camera oh he's thinking
frontside bluntslide Brian I like her
this buff I thought wheels are going to
make it hard get out of my pocket look
at off wheels
it was like I tried that those wheels
are going to just erase everything about
it I know pretty good whoa going show
what look at your feet absolutely big
good job dude thank you it was that this
for where's it going now it's going
handy
he that was like as good as a good
normal session that was his warm up
being graduation thank you
hey you're mr. challenges to do a
skateboarding trick with this with this
yeah okay you're more like open-ended
mystery challenges like interpret this
the way you want to great I mean if you
have your feet close together at
probably wall and boardslide this
pavement shattered as was your words are
being eaten right now because he didn't
hear it exactly he didn't shatter it are
you getting me shudder cavemen said he
can land it you can land it
that's that count the counter unless you
want to like actually land on a
skateboard roll away but that's pretty
good I don't know if there's wrong he
cleans it up you can get a better ya
ain't clean alright I take my hot hive
away I can't get a better you can't like
you okay yeah see I suggested off-camera
that he puts a board there and he lands
on rolls away he could die right now
where's it going and a new bonus roll if
you hear the hospital will give you half
the money just to do it just to soften
soften the feelings just don't be this
guy don't give you this you were just
back your dish exactly that guy no
that's not what I meant
I got it all why maybe either this line
like harder we thought you were going to
like landed the caution sign on that go
away I thought you meant that I thought
you meant to jump onto it main challenge
the first challenge okay this is skater
app all right this is the one that it
says five of front three yeah no no no
those are Smith oh yeah whitewash it
again okay alright you're from three
yeah he do go edge on this button the
box
ten minutes kind of five tricks by forty
bucks when you go when you try for the
first time you start the Armageddon I'm
going to pause between track tricks so
that way we can review footage and you
continue to go okay get ready
pretty good any normal person would have
been like hanging at 12 or 15 minutes
and he'd do good
Wow
I got 23 seconds that was ridiculous
dude thank you I mean I knew you could
do that trick
I just didn't know you're gonna do a
second I didn't either these your second
trick is immediately a banger who over
the under elbow drop that over the
handrail all right and again when he
throws down you start the clock back up
okay what is it that easy for you not a
happy you were you low must land on top
of me
not only did it land and go right into a
hug but you went like this you were like
going like just like oh yeah barely on
my hair I was like like just my hair
though you didn't hit my head it was
weird it's amazing thank you a minute in
seven seconds yeah the last trick I
don't know if it's gonna be super easy
for them not to burn
I'm not pessimistic yet I think you've
got a chance to suck all right
what just one were to clean it up yes
but we have to sacrifice five seconds
part the next trip is cruel
whoa-ho speak at the kimono your your
feet can stay on I just didn't suck you
in the game do this game rock no good
congratulations 7 and 13 seconds left
originally gave you too much let me see
the fourth trick aw geez Dix Neal big
heel
you're kidding serious today my friend
yeah I want to make it make a good now
that he's doing this good I want I want
to be this hard he's got this
don't even he gets better every time you
though
Paul that was so dumb second try six
minutes and 54 seconds left I hope you
have just like I have a Turk of the
never seen him do now I heal back there
goes one no heel out do you want to that
she's older here guys like yes but meet
the ender oh geez hard to meet so hard
just pretty good this is gonna be hard
I've never done a hard foot anything
good
he's always give me a mani-pedi first
not
he did a hard flip back level in taxes
after doing how do you do that on it I
don't know
oh my gosh
was that a back Smith it was I've never
seen that tree oh my gosh we've got 2
minutes 16 seconds well Alice you're fat
oh god be doing the push-ups boy
you just did it I'm so happy right I
think I can do it I hope you didn't
where's Brian
winds awesome someone lost one in a
while
that's nice happy that really good thank
you very much
good job I could see that you're
struggling that was hard
I remember kinda hard when you act on it
harmful effects Mitch that's hard I
think our phobic lab heartful back Smith
and Harpo Beck fifty hard Popova really
maybe do it might have been Harper
though rule maybe there's a ceiling into
the bonus trick over the railroad for
sure why not Brian does not like you
right now a pivot of that I won't land
it for him thanks I appreciate that
well congratulations thank you for doing
this down below is your YouTube channel
it just in case you want to know but you
guys should know too and hide your
videos here all the time so if you want
to see more of this hit the subscribe
button right down below it's free and
you're signed in to see more awesome
videos or I like to think they're
awesome pictograph I have fun making
them anyway I fun watching and making
with you yes good times great so you
guys have a great rest of your Wednesday
and you've literally punched me I did
and I'll see you guys in the future
whoa you can say that that's one future
what's the word I taught you the other
day oh no what I called you all what's
waving man off I said what's rush that's
the most ferocious fo sho hey folks but
why should what's waving and that's
really hey man what's waving persuade
them yeah it sounds like working
something some oh what's wavin yeah
everyone's are saying it
and of course he lands it good job this
just appeared in my warehouse
I had nothing to this box and just came
to work one day and this was just there
it's your box it's just enjoys box I
know I do not want it personally
you
