I had to hurt so first thing I want to
say after watching this clip is that
you're welcome because no matter how
good of a day you're having when you see
me hit my face on the concrete you have
to get has to make it a little bit
better you know you got to be honest but
uh yeah this is actually a video that
that was on my second channel and i was
just riding to the car the other day and
someone was talking about it and I was
like why isn't that video on my main
channel because i'm pretty sure i could
better everyone's lives by showing that
to more people so i hope you guys dug
that that is be slamming my face on the
ground and um after the clip ended i
just really just lied there I'm like I
just smacked my face in the ground
usually have a little different reaction
wow that hurt real bad but for real guys
I hope you enjoyed this little smack my
face on the concrete video um I haven't
actually hit my face like that since
then that's the only time I've actually
hit my face on the concrete i'm pretty
sure but if it happens again I'll do a
secret this video and I apologize for my
voice it's kind of like it's been a long
weekend and I haven't not that i've been
using my voice a lot but whatever you
guys want to know this i'm sorry but my
absence of voice to hope you guys like
this video and to end it i'm going to
tan this video i'm gonna break this
because I break things which would you
help me with this just I'll hold it
about like this okay and I'm gonna punch
this hold it like the side see if and
then when a punch I'll hold it too I'm
gonna punch this in the video is gonna
end freaking success goodbye
is everywhere I look what what are you
doing get off my youtube channel my gosh
and how did helmet would help though man
I've been a face helmets freaking Josh
cats my video right and decapitate
squirrels on my boards I'm done I'm done
whoa that'll make sense in a later video
on my channel I like how this I like how
this just stayed right here
you
