cheese I was really hard to get away
from you man
those really close
I almost did it come on does it feel
soft when you land on your face oh my
gosh dude that deserves a pat pancakes
lap man what is that that sounded dye
eggs yeah I mean I like pancakes and
waffles pancakes pancakes lap isn't that
manly what's up guys so clearly Sam and
I had a pretty good time at the skate
park all day other than the fact that it
was really really hot but uh I hope you
guys liked it the feature video which
she's been playing rights right there on
the screen is a back Smith trick tip by
Chaz Ortiz and clearly he is really good
at this trick so check it out and
subscribe to network a if you haven't
already tell them I sent you that would
help me out and I will see you guys in
the future in fact I'm just gonna keep
talking and I'm gonna slowly fade myself
out you're not gonna know what I
continue to say I might talk about you
know fish swimming around I might tell
you tell you about the story about the
pancakes than with a pop tarts
