alright guys so it's go skateboarding
day today but the real moral of this
video is that every day should we go
skateboarding day but i'm not i'm not
hating it's an awesome day and I'm
skating having a good time and Orion
trucks is actually going to give you
guys a prize just for being a go skate
boring day what you're going to do is
going to go over there facebook and like
their page if you already haven't and
then you say Andy sent me and then boom
you're in the running for a free pair of
trucks I have a pay right here I think
yours are actually gonna be blue blue
base but in one week I'm gonna go and
pick one of the people who have said
that and they're going to free some
trucks so a happy go skateboarding day
guys and hope you guys had a good time
that's that's it right Tim I think
that's it I feel like all like I like
later my trick like oh don't mess up the
talking part like sitting here panicking
I'm having a good time and just for a
finisher Alex you want to claim your
prize Oh what do you say about go
skating day it's a fun day it is a fun
day while Andrew shrek is redemption I
guess
dude i like it it's go skate day oh yeah
you know gotta lansing smooth you just
skate here's a board go skate go skate
say go skate say goodbye
you
