do you hate telling people bad things or
maybe you're just shy well I got good
news for you because I'm James for bad
news guy bad news horrible news because
for only $15 I will make a phone call to
anyone and tell them whatever you want
me to she's pregnant and you're the dad
sucks to be you pregnancy news my gosh I
know why he's breaking up with you now
you are a crazy girl break up news now I
got some good news and I got some bad
news bad news you're getting laid off
good news you get to collect
unemployment y'all news and even if your
wife isn't one of those night talking
movies
Colleen over you paints a Hello Home
Depot yes my name's James for not
calling in for Brian Eames he quits
right quick but Todd likes other guys
okay John like summertime Central Depot
wants to quit this right here is a
sledgehammer but that's not all
throw the five bucks for I'll do it in
real life now I'm sorry to be the one
who tells you this but you ladies are
adopted heartbreaking news and I don't
have to call from the comfort of my own
home I could call from this Park cuz I
got a cell phone so call me James Ford's
get your bad news delivered today that's
one eight hundred five five five two
eight six two and if that's hard to
remember here it is it letters
and you thought the commercial was over
yeah because I'm gonna break something
okay I'm not done with you yet
and you thought the commercials Edward
uh uh because I'm gonna break something
I missed man I'm sorry to be the one to
tell you this but rusty Peabody died two
o'clock yesterday got trampled by some
elephants at the zoo oh I know I know
and I'm sorry to be the one that
delivers his message to you but it's my
job
you
