what's up guys so this is a real quick
video for all of you people out there
who actually put videos onto YouTube and
um shorter's you know what it's the
wrong shirt okay this is a lot better
but yet guys this is for all you people
who actually put videos on youtube if
you do not do that feel free to watch
there's gonna be some sneak peeks of
some upcoming videos at the end of this
but I get a lot of questions like hey
give me a shout out hey say my name in
this video tell my grandma that I love
her all this stuff and I cannot do that
for everyone and but that's not to say
that a lot of people out there don't
deserve shoutouts so what I want to do
to help the YouTube community is that
i'm going to start accepting video clips
from you guys and I'm gonna I'm gonna
watch them all and if i come across a
really good clip whether it be skating
or dude fallen off of the house onto
like a bean bag or something crazy i'm
gonna say hey i will upload this clip
for you and talk about a little bit and
then i'll send all my viewers to your
channel to check out your stuff so if
you're interested in getting featured on
my channel this is how you do it i'm
going to take a seat real fast you're
gonna upload a clip that you think
people are going to want to see on
youtube to your channel and then you're
going to post it as a video response to
this video as for the first round if
whatever it is it can be it can be
anything whatever you think is
entertaining it could be like you know
goof around thing with your friends a
prank video you know a funny accident or
just plain skating because I do a lot of
skating on this channel if it is skating
just pick like your 10 best tricks out
of an edit don't make it too long you
know I can't go through a lot of
six-minute long videos what I'm saying
and same with like the pranks and and
the goof around stuff like just upload
the thing that's actually funny or
entertaining don't like do a whole long
thing because I can't look through a
million videos I gotta watch it be like
oh my gosh I like this or I don't so um
rock on like I said what you're going to
do for the first round upload your video
to your channel and come to this video
and post it as a video response for
future videos like when as I feature
these videos there'll be a thing at the
end of every video saying hey if you
want your clip feature on my channel
post as video response to this video so
but for to get it started do it to this
video obviously I cannot feature all of
your guys clips but what I'm gonna do is
I'm going to watch them all and if I do
pick your clip to be featured I will
contact you and just a heads up if you
guys actually have the footage to send
me it will help out a great deal but if
not we'll figure it out yeah I'm pretty
I'm pretty psyched on this because
I really can't help all the people that
ask me and this is a way to really help
the people that deserve more views and
help them grow on youtube so rock on I
can't wait to see all your clips guys if
you are one of those people that have no
no interest whatsoever i'm going to show
you just a few quick clips on some
videos to come yeah on my channel so
enjoy that and I'll talk to you guys in
the future subscribe or die dude is so
hard oh you gotta kick it that's right
yeah um you gotta kick it Oh
she's pregnant and you're the dad sucks
to be you pregnant teen noon hello home
depot yes my name is James for I'm
calling for bride Ames hey quit my
bearing locked up mid grind I felt it
like as soon as I got in the ground I
was like haha
freeze okay go haha that's pretty good
you
