would it kill me just to have some small
the good hair for one day my gosh
YouTube what is up guys this is my
seventh day in life and this is going to
be kind of like an average day in the
life of a skateboard company running
video making dad which is way too
specific I know but I'm getting a little
later start today because my fiance and
I stayed up till about 2:30 playing
Monopoly so yeah I got up a little later
than normal today and I'm going to hang
out with my son for a little bit like I
do every morning and then I'm going to
get out and go to work and do all that
fun stuff
so right now we're going to go get
riding out of his crib let's do this hey
buddy race are your day you're like yes
I just can't speak to tell you that all
right but diaper change in time it is
diaper change time how do you feel with
that he's like um pretty psyched right
in likes his diaper change right and
likes his diaper change right Alexis
diaper change right in here like that
you think that's funny you think it's
funny oh yes you do boom I like to
entertain while I change diapers you say
we go wake up your mom should get your
mom out of bed okay another thing I do
is being my day is sometimes run I try
to do this a couple times a week there's
a guy on truck saying why is this guy
talking to a camera
ah but yeah I'm gonna run one point six
miles mile and a half about and and
that's what I'm gonna do and you guys
are gonna be there to watch it
no Z's but what is with this guy instead
of supposed to be sunny all day today
and it's looking a little gloomy I swear
it better not rain you're an idiot sky
okay one point six miles done I want to
go grab some lunch which I usually do
after after running and I'm always
sweaty like this so they're like why is
this sweaty guy buying sandwiches from
us till is it on and when I was wrong I
noticed that I put my shirt on inside
out I'm dumb so uh I'm gonna be the dude
with a shirt inside out buying
sandwiches and then I'm gonna go to the
office in this market
oh hey look a pile of kittens I don't
know guys
boom I am about to eat the face out of
this while I watch the episode of
community which is the new show I've
been watching while I eat lunch and then
today on my work agenda I have to work
on some new revenge graphics I got a
couple of tees that I needed to get
ready to send to the to the screen
printers and then I've got to get a
handful of packages ready to ship out
and then I have to edit a video that
goes up tonight so I'm going to do that
and then after that I'll run some
errands and then I'm going to go to the
skate park just gate for myself and
it'll be fun and I'll film it and you
guys be there maybe like whoa so give me
some peace and if you watch in a second
here I'll give you a sneak peek of those
those graphics that I'm working on but
they're not final so don't get too
excited pick of the bolt is it are you
offering to a more mature song like
towards an older audience I think
because it kind of
okay guys I have to take these packages
to the post office to send them out so
you guys who ordered boards can get
boards and then I'm going to go skate
skate park and then when I go to the
bank to deposit some money let's do this
okay so I got here and there was nobody
to fill me so I've been here for like an
hour and a half just skating and doing
tricks into the nobody has seen but Ryan
is kind enough to come in for five
minutes I got five minutes to do some
tricks and then I'm going to film him
and them go home
I meant to do a flip trick right jobs
when you think
once you go
let's just keep going right over here
backside flip up this year ago sing a
game of Galaga
I rolled into the back concrete had to
be sketchy you fell yeah that was good
that was that for one of these riding
the cameras face
Pam oh my god
that was the first one I've ever done to
those my life how much I do it smoother
for you guys for you Ryan's for you
you're not talking at all thank you yeah
it could be anyone they don't notice you
because you're not talking okay so I am
done skating the park and as everything
my life like I'm like alright I'm going
to be done by four o'clock and then when
I'm done it's like seven o'clock so here
I am I was supposed to go grocery
shopping with with my fiance Brittany
tonight but it's too late so I'm just
gonna go pick up dinner and go home and
I'll I will see you when I get there
guys I'll see you when I get there guys
warm water sucks in a package ship
something want these I don't know why I
told you that goodbye okay so I'm home
and ridin isn't a swinging thing aren't
you buddy
pretty swinging yeah how excited are you
about that you're not even looking at me
I guess he's mad I'm just kidding he's a
baby he's just looking the other way but
I'm gonna eat some dinner and I'm gonna
hang out with that guy right there
aren't I are we gonna hang out
we're gonna have some father-son time
today look at the camera say yes we are
YouTube we are and actually before I do
any of that I'm gonna take a shower
because I am gross really gross are you
excited about to get a bath ridin you
know you're just smiling right you are
smelly and dirty and you need a bath
so it's bath time okay are you are you
all right for that no you literally just
shook your head no you're getting bath
anyway rule number one of having a bath
on YouTube no wiener shots okay you get
that proceed with that ah shoot run
paddy boom
I made a road trip to get a banana split
for my wonderful fiance Brittany and now
we're gonna eat that and watch the best
movie of all time
Empire Strikes Back she's watching the
series for the first time pretty psyched
so we're gonna do that and you guys are
going to stop watch the video because it
can be over I'm going to give you a
spoil spoiler Darth Vader is Luke's dad
so
you guys have it that is a pretty
average day in my life sometimes I
usually have a little more work than
that but it's nice now that I actually
could come home and spend time with
family so there you go the next day in
the life I do I'll probably do it on a
day where I'm going out to doing some
event or something fun so next time
you're going to be blown away with
excitement some like that so I'm gonna
go and I'm not going to eat that on
YouTube all right well good we're good
you really just airplane that into my
mouth
naked baby and a YouTube video gonna get
a butt naked baby
well he's psyched you like a girl you
like a girl no good give me five give me
five boom that was good that was so good
you get he's got this on lock he's
definitely got there's a lock don't you
bud
you
