is it on Sam what's up its freaking
contest time for all you international
people out there okay I've done a lot of
contests where I'm like this is us only
well now it's your chance if you live
outside the US for people to live out
inside the u.s. stop watching this video
right now I'm just gonna keep watching
it but a yeah tough luck here's how
it works you're gonna do a video and
it's going to be 90 seconds or less
which 90 seconds is made and a half you
got that this time and it could be
anything you know this is a skate
contest so odds are most of these are
going to be skating but if you can't
skate for some reason you know have fun
with it you can still do a contest entry
when you have your video come back to
this video and post it as a video
response if you are younger than 18 make
sure your parents know you're doing this
and oh they want to know what they can
win I'm not sure because I don't even
know what this but you don't even know
what's happening what you in first prize
is going to be a revenge deck and I
don't have the deck with me so a picture
of its going to pee right in front of
Sam boom this is the blue lifeline deck
winner will receive that and a bunch of
stickers and whatever extra goodies I
have second prize is brought to you by
Orion trucks who is nice enough to kick
us kick us out a prize for this contest
to be a set of trucks if you put the
picture you guys probably know trucks
look like boom Orion trucks they are
great trucks and the winner of this will
be psyched third prize and gets a
revenge t√©a this is the new revenge is
coming out its it'll be it'll be boom
right here this is a girl's up a rainy
day t-shirt if you are a girl you can
get a broom boys are for a need a
t-shirt or dudes or whatever it says
that the shirts actually are printed yet
so uh so that's the contest prizes guys
really excited to see all your contest
entries good luck on at all if you have
any questions it'll be right down there
the contest ends um was it at the end of
this month june thirtieth at eleven
fifty-nine boom contest is done i'm
going to stop accepting video responses
and it's to be over and within the next
week of next month will judge the
contest and will you don't yeah i think
i think i just did that video in one try
first trial preparation restaurant so we
want to try that one trick
okay any Bates thank you for filling oh
that was a first strike all right so
good luck guys can't wait to see your
entries you have until the end of the
month 90 seconds or less anything you
wants the video can be about I just
spoke like Yoda goodbye you've got this
trick
oh I was disgustingly good boom Sam is
really good skateboarder and good luck
with the contest guys I'll put the links
to revenge's website and Orion trucks
facebook at the end of this so you can
check that out but thank you guys for
all your support this is a way to give
back to you guys who that we have not
given back to and the best good luck on
test guys I'm gonna go skateboard
goodbye
you
