Ryden great where are we acta Rex yes
we're the last game excited he never
liked and I like yeah you're so read it
out are you we have done house baseball
we've done many baseball we've done a
couple baseball we've never done
professional baseball have we and we're
going to do it so the red offered to
like give us a tour show us some really
cool activities we have a lot of fun
we're gonna do it so hang out with it
alright rope he should be over here
somewhere who do you see get run and get
him okay
did you already get something Wow what
would you get anything like I'm written
towards the Hall of Fame
marvelous
hey is that your face in there look at
that face
that's your face it is Brian's going to
turn you into a pro baseball player okay
so your head this way now can be
concentrated make a face like a series
playing a game okay nailed it dude oh
here sorry
look at that wall dude how many baseball
greeting you're here all right
one three more like 10,000 similarly
over here 4206 just like rule would I
make my own facebook on all right mom
you wanna hit it I got it how about you
look you won I think you do their butter
yellow you hit that square out there
I'm pretty good right
you get you grow up and be able to
really get it
dude look at what we just found
whoa Riger now let me get the angle okay
yeah hey welcome to the baseball game
Shawn Wilson let's go to another great
american ball to lose your baseball
cards I'm going to give it all my friend
a family can't we just bury dad involved
in yeah that's a good idea I remember
when your face was the base book players
yeah here it is
you all right yeah you nailed it dude
you nailed it all right get down don't
fall for anything
yeah we're a little earlier so we're
going to maybe get him on the kid feel
to have some fun
let's go don't forget again are you play
baseball okay look at this you got your
own we got the field to ourselves right
now your dad you're kidding - you got a
dude all right
hey when he pitches you got to hit it
okay remember eye on the ball whoa you
make contact first Roy did little did it
I can't give out your terrific here you
trying to shoot there aren't you
there we go see can you do that count it
on your own this time you're going to
have to run to first base okay so what's
run the whole fish yeah when you hit it
a good hit take off drop the bat take
off
yo me running in white shorts looks the
most dad moment of my life you need to
make it you can get out dive time for
the base home run if you were ever pro I
found out the skateboard the UAB or do
your pro model freely yeah tilt he has
it
as a red state private collocate we're
his school stay wherever I don't have
one I need one but I Chelsea watches our
videos and uh yeah thank you for that
you go say what's up YouTube
stop it gives you a leg up and riding is
shy my gosh riding for your arms near
and then there is dad filming yo look it
looks like me filming you right and this
is exactly how you don't want to be on a
rail
Reds are nice enough to have a little
gift thing for you do you want it ever
you think you deserve it you do why are
you doing that imagine if you are so
psyched you just started ninja kicking
very well come on this is so awesome do
we find out what's inside if you come to
the park you can actually sign your
little dudes up for the two of coure
little dude this is the red ahead kid
Club package friend you get so hooked up
what do you get gonna have look
oh yeah this is a bobble head oh my gosh
great first bobble head make a final
sanic here come on if you drop anything
you can't have it pop it up it's the
balls gone
put the lanyard on your neck there you
go hold all this one here so 17 your
lucky number now uses red come on you're
in there get out you didn't know this
but you know the game out there where
the actual res are playing or you're
playing tonight now look at your name I
would kidding you're not playing
professional baseball tonight you look
like you work here sir can you tell me
where I can find buy some fries okay
right at this okay hey I'd like a fry
ridin what's the score line macking
correct that's right you never read the
scoreboard
now
thank you winning Nibin we didn't helmet
ice cream you're getting hooked up today
dude you really are me ain't having a
good day we walked by this right here
the helmet afterwards and heat sear it
on it you can wear it on your head
yeah look at this view it is gorgeous
I'll either the Sun yes you consider
global food adventure oh yeah I think
you need a quarter or pity sense up
here it is a 15 X down put in the middle
of telling if you like that you really
do know Joe yeah weird
so there was our red video you got so
much stuff okay he usually does not get
that hooked up when he goes through a
Reds game but they gave him so much free
stuff what do you have to say to the
Reds you're handed percent yeah and
Michael yeah he did a lot for you but
yeah from the bottom of our hearts that
was super cool of them we love going to
the Reds games and they actually won
that night they won eleven to three they
kicked booty I hope you guys liked the
video just hanging out with us um I hope
you guys can relate go to the ball game
with your family we've always done it
and some of the good time but with like
specifically the Reds they do so much
fun stuff they like Star Wars night they
have all these themes like they have
giveaways or like if you're the first
10,000 people you get some of our free
just a really cool thing to bring the
city together and I was really happy to
be able to do a video at the stadium
with my little guy I love doing any
videos with you dude I'm so lucky to be
able to make make so much stuff to make
memories with you thank you yes you're
welcome but over you guys don't get I do
videos here all the time and he's in a
ton of them if you guys want to see more
just there's a subscribe button right
below then you're just going to hit it
and you're starting to see more from me
and that's it yeah anything you want to
say to you too before you subscribe a
hundred times really you just do it once
it has the same effect oh you're melting
he's gone he's just down to this year so
uh you guys have a great day
I will see you tomorrow with a new
warehouse Wednesday and that's it Wow
you still like a ninja booth that was
really cool he did a ninja move and then
cleaned up it was like awesome and
responsible all the same time steak or
is it I'll tear the cat toy I think
that's exactly what he did except it was
like a fluid motion it was really well
done that's it done and then he just
rolled into the cabinet you just erased
it all you guys have a good one I will
see you in the future the shirt
why do you want the cat toys toast look
you get this awesome pig toy if you're
here take them come on go get them all
right well at least he's not so and then
you wanted to okay
