alright guys I'm gonna come out swingin
okay I have never had anything against
Justin Bieber I've never made fun of him
I know everyone on internet is like all
I sounds you a girl he has no wiener but
he's only 118 and he's this successful
like he's done something right in his
life okay and I listened to the radio
and recently I've heard his song
boyfriend it's it's supposed to be like
a more mature song like towards an older
audience I think because it kind of
sounds like Justin Timberlake ish but it
literally has the lyric I could be your
Buzz Lightyear and fly across the globe
what what what are you kidding me I mean
what kind of a lyric is that I mean this
is this is supposed to be that smooth
and sexy song that makes a girl be like
oh gosh I could I could see this dude
grabbing my boobs or something like that
you know maybe this is just some pickup
line that I just completely don't
understand I mean imagine being in the
club being like hey girl let's get out
of here I could be your Buzz Lightyear
and fly across the globe that girl's
gonna be like did you just Toy Story
reference me oh my gosh move up move
aside Chris Parnell it's ridiculous I
mean I know he probably doesn't write
his songs about let me he had to get the
lyrics and look it over and be like oh
okay you put up you put Buzz Lightyear
in my song white why not woody or mighty
mouse or you know or the Ninja Turtles
yeah I'm speechless I am speechless on
this lyric my guys my friends my dudes
my girls my everything gosh so I was on
a road that I've never been on another
day and I saw an address and looks past
it and saw another address and just
here's a picture of it boom four
thousand six and a half why not I mean
4006 be that would have made sense me
but but maybe this makes sense to some
of you guys but to me I'm coming up with
nothing here guys imagine giving
directions to that house yeah four
thousand six and a half it's right past
four thousand six and a quarter if you
see four thousand six and seven-eighths
you've gone too far just to turn around
and go back to that to the half half yes
clearly they did not plan this street
that well and the only the only way that
this house I'd be really psyched on this
address is if it took me to Hogwarts ok
that is that is hands down the only way
that I'd be like I'm going to four
thousand six and a half because I need
to get taught defense against the dark
arts I could not stop at the buzz
lightyear lyric because in boy fur
lyrics he says the word swaggy okay and
granted I get it the pit that new words
are created and they become cool or what
not but I have never understood the word
swag and we added the e at the end I was
like oh come on swaggy really swaggy I'm
probably like the odd guy out here and
everyone's like yeah I look I love the
word swaggy man I got some swaggy going
on right now like no I remember when the
word sick came out okay I thought that
was kind of dumb I was like oh man that
was that was ill that was do that grind
was feverish like where do these words
come from like we're at what point does
someone say it and like it catches on
like yeah I'm gonna say that too but I'm
gonna say that but I just a kind of fear
for the words to be created in the
future like oh man that guy's got some
terrible wig wag or dude that girl with
being mean and me like what who said the
word swag in the first place and who
thought it was cool day at the e at the
end it was a buzz lightyear oh my gosh
maybe you guys don't feel me on this one
but swaggy I cannot do swaggy I cannot
just raggy next part so I found
something else in this world worth
taking a picture of boom for those of
you who do not know what to do at a stop
sign you must come to a complete stop
really is the world really getting this
dumb I mean we're gonna pick up a
restaurant menu and it'll be like menu
item price and the little note the price
is what you must pay to obtain this item
like thank you thank you for that
knowledge Bill Clinton we were just that
dumb and no Bill Clinton has nothing to
do with this it was just random name I
just keep doing that I keep throwing in
random names but yeah this is that's
ridiculous the world really is getting
denser isn't it I'm gonna I'm gonna do
that the beginning my videos be like
guys before you watch this video I want
you to know if at any time during the
video you find something funny you
should laugh in fact guys resist that ok
for the rest of this video if you find
something that's funny that makes you
want to laugh don't do it because you're
smarter than that maybe not that didn't
make sense next part of the video all
right guys here's my ender it is pretty
awesome there's a lot of things I love
in life and stupid news articles are one
of them okay I mean look at that Tower
plan poo poo that's not even a complete
sentence it's like you know tower plan
gets poo-pooed that would work right but
my gosh the story actually has nothing
to do with poo poo in general I mean
I just like I'm like one person was
working there like I'm gonna write this
someone will change this by the time it
gets printed right nope not at all I
mean like you have to pick this up and
be like okay my my I didn't know my
eight-year-old nephew is writing news
articles these days poo pooed really
this is the kind of thing that just
makes your day better though you get
this and you're like oh you're done
ready got poo pooed I like today now but
uh you gotta give it to him though I
mean when you get the newspaper you're
like whatever but you see that you're
like wait poo poo i'm reading this foot
so rock on newspapers all around the
world please don't stop doing ridiculous
stuff like that because makes the world
better um this is my third five stupid
things if you guys like this series go
down and give it a thumbs up and and
yeah I will I will keep on doing these
I'll find dumb things in the world to
make fun of them but I'm gonna go I
actually I was thinking you know my hair
my hair has been all I I could play my
hair way too much my videos but it's
just been kind of ridiculous lily and
I've been thinking about cutting it like
almost a buzz like a long buzz so if you
guys support that give it a thumbs up to
and if they get snow thumbs up and I'm
like well the world wants me to cut my
hair but rock on guys I'm gonna go I got
to go work into 11 at night and it is
now 3 30 I've been working since noon my
gosh so uh Brock I guys subscribe or get
freaking poopoo by
oh wow look stupid with earrings and
this hurts wow this hurts closing hit me
in the eyeball goodbye
