yeah
you guys might jump in your seats right
there but I saw this mask earlier and I
wasn't going to shame if I didn't film
something with this but it there's a
plus side this it doubles as a face
helmet okay so I can take this old truck
I have and just go oh no it doesn't fear
not my face is durable I'm fine this is
an update video this so a bunch of you
guys back oh man you're gonna click away
and go watch some cute the squirrels run
around or something but a few guys are
gonna be like you know what I'm gonna
I'm gonna be Patrick Stewart I'm gonna
go where no man has gone before and I'm
gonna watch this video so I'm gonna
start this one off by showing you a
couple clips the first clip I have is in
relation to the video I uploaded in a
couple days ago I did a 14 skate camera
smashes where skateboards are flying a
cameraman hitting the cameras tripods
all that fun stuff
well I forgot to put one in so without
further ado here is a skate camera smash
that I forgot to include in my last
video so there you go in all the years
I've ever had any camera gets struck by
a skateboard it's never been severe like
I've never had a camera actually damaged
from that so I'm been very lucky but
with that said I'm gonna show you
something embarrassing of myself here's
an old clip where I just like I guess
I'm having a hard time on some small gap
I'm like I'm like 14 in this clip and I
get upset and I make the stupidest face
in the whole world and then just just
watch the face to start out with
and then to top it off to like really to
show my to show the world that I'm angry
I throw my board so hard yeah see how
mad I was right they're out they should
have cast me as the Hulk in fact that
was actually just embarrassing but you
know we just shared that moment now we
are a little closer YouTube so a lot of
you guys have that look on your face
that you want to know what's going on in
my life and I will tell you it's
actually a scary time in my life and
usually I have the same thing to say is
like I'm so busy I'm working so hard and
I am working hard still but something
has changed and I might tell you guys
about it I have been working two jobs
and running revenge and being a dad and
being a fiance and all that stuff but
recently I basically quit my night job I
cut back greatly on my hours on my night
job so I'm now I'm just doing a lot of
video and that's kind of scary because
to make up for the money that I'm not
making my night job we got do more
videos and you never know how the money
is gonna be on the internet so and
that's kind of scary but you know if all
else fails I can always go back and work
my life away again at the another job so
things are different
the hardest part is that that this is my
office right here um this is actually
the revenge headquarters I got a bunch a
product over there and stuff and this is
not where I live I live across town so I
have to wake up and I have to I come
here and work here
then I'm gonna go to the post office
then they go to the bank and then gotta
go to the bank's post office basically
I'm running around everywhere and it
kind of sucks I can't wait to the day
and then I can just like wake up like
you know what I'm gonna go down to go
downstairs to my office and work from
home and take care of the baby and fun
stuff like that so one day right but
right now I'm gonna I'm gonna continue
to work my life away and do do what I
can
now in their revenge world it is an
interesting time I'm not going to go
into a lot of detail but we are
basically working on something to launch
the revenge in a much bigger way and if
that happens you'll see a lot of cool
things coming out in about two months so
stay tuned for more information on that
but right now I'm sorry we are out of
stock oh I looked this way because
that's where all my product shelves are
and we're out of stock about about
everything I apologize um I do have a
new board order coming in I wasn't able
to get the new graphics they're not
ready but we have new light blue
lifelines coming in and then we have
limited-edition we are avenged AK which
here is the regular one we're going to
be doing a red version of this like you
know the black will be red and then
these will be different colors but I
don't know if I'd be ordering that's why
I said limited edition I don't know if
I'll be ordering more of it so when it
pops up in the store grab it while you
can because they probably will go fast
and and then we have a girls tee coming
out soon and then our new regular tee as
well so cool stuffs happening just pay
attention to that as far as we want
revenge is gonna be a funky summer
because Thomas is is is in he's in New
York he's in Pennsylvania and Venezuela
he's going everywhere he's gonna be gone
for the next two months so he's not
gonna be in any of the videos and then
Alex is working a lot lately so he's not
gonna be able to film as much so it's
it's kind of awkward but uh josh is
flowing in Cincinnati and Max is flying
in Cincinnati this this summer to film
for me revenge and then we'll probably
fly an air into Aaron doesn't know that
so if you're watching this Aaron Cairo
well I will talk to you about that my
friend so it might be a little funky as
far as who's in the episodes but don't
worry we're not going anywhere
and we are filming and putting away
clips for the main video so exciting
times next part of the video right now
alright guys so videos to come I have
like I said we are avenged 23 tomorrow I
have a new five stupid things that I'm
going to film soon that'll be out early
next week the international contest will
go up I think I'm gonna do a date in the
life next week and I don't know I I
actually get this I just really want to
do a lot more goofy stuff that I you
know kind of like the roots of my
channel
I feel like now all it's like the same
thing over and over again which I know
you guys are like I get all the comments
but I just want to do those stupid
little skits that you know just doesn't
necessarily make sense to everyone so I
don't know I'm really gonna try to I
don't have a lot of help as much as I
used to so it's kind of tough but uh I
am trying to get the guys back together
to do James Ford 3 so be on the lookout
for that hopefully I'll get that out
soon and I got some other skin ideas I
just need to get a second to actually do
them and help I need help to film these
so uh be on the lookout is there
anything else oh yeah one thing I have a
second channel a lot of you guys know
about it but I'm gonna I've been really
bad about using that lately and I'm
gonna start uploading more bonus stuff
to it so if you want to subscribe to it
the link will be right down there
and at the end of the video just go over
and subscribe and I by the time this
video goes up I will have some extra
fast food idiot three clips just just a
couple there wasn't enough to like do a
whole video of extra so I'm gonna put on
my second channel there's a few clips
that didn't make it the final cut check
that out and that is it I will talk to
you guys and actually now I got
something really cool to show you okay
this is really it might be a little
gross but I'm gonna take this pin and I
figured a way that you can like safely
and we'll just watch totally just got
you subscribe or die
hey how you doing oh I just on
YouTube news I want to bad ok I guess I
wanted to like to throw up like a sheep
did that make sense I don't know
no in revenge news it is an interesting
Stein it's time RL Stein Stein Mart
Stein start over like a little bit a
little bit weird today and I'm not just
I'm obnoxious huh I have knocks my what
does obnoxious mean how do you how do
you change that word like you're
obnoxious
that doesn't work I've knocked myself
obnoxio fie I'm knocks five whatever
it's an interesting stuff Stein in time
it is an interesting time
ting time ting tong ting tong ting tong
ting ting in time in time ting time
start over
you
