how or why or both but really guys that
really sucks I mean when you're a
skateboarder or rolling up to that
situation you know you think man that
would suck if my board fell into that
water not man that would suck if I fell
into that water I mean I guess there are
some situations they worried about
falling into water but with that no not
really
and you got to give it to him he had
some determination I mean you know most
most people after falling in the creek
they've just their eyebrows would just
go boom drop but men I'm going home to
be cranky and still the couch and watch
the Looney Tunes or whatever you're
gonna watch you know most people
wouldn't just continuously keep falling
into the creek and despite how many
times he did fall into the creek he he
did land it don't think that he can't
boardslide that rail because he can
so I hope you guys like this clip this
was actually my old friend Scott
Jacobsen who is a successful
videographer I do believe now so that's
awesome and Scott Jacobsen wherever you
are out there if you're watching this
thank you for falling in the creek that
one day I completely appreciate it and
thank you for landing it and thank you
for thank you for letting me thank you
alright I'm done
once in a while I do old clips like this
I you know I feature your classic clips
and actually I'll link a classic funny
at the end of this one too
so be on the lookout for more videos
like I always do and to wrap this up I'm
gonna take this magic wand looking thing
and the rest of my granola bar and I'm
gonna play magic wand granola baseball
into my computer area okay watch this
guy's totally missed that's right now
the magic wand
wow wow I just I'm sorry the one darn it
you roll up to a situation like that
you're like man that would suck if my
water my water my water now it's sucking
my water broke
wait I'm not pregnant wait am i dude
wait just stop waiting
what is your water if your water break
you shouldn't wait you shouldn't really
shouldn't wait if that's the moral of
this video if you if your water breaks
don't wait don't be that dude and and if
you're pregnant don't skate flat bars
don't skate don't you got sidetracked
idiot
you
