ended it what's up guys so if you've
been watching my channel for a while you
have seen some of this footage and you
probably know the story of this but I
want to do video that showed you just
how many times I stuck that trick and
that's not even all of them that's just
the ones that stuck out to me as I was
loading footage um but yeah I need to
land this trick I tried that for two and
a half to three hours and i ended up
overworking myself so much that I went
to the hospital because my kidneys were
failing so uh moral lesson right here
that not even a moral lesson but a
lesson don't try a trick for
two-and-a-half to three straight hours
it's not good for you take a break go
you know just swim go do something
awesome but uh yeah I'm gonna land this
one day I was actually there the
beginning of the year I was really
really tired by tried anyway and I came
close but no potato oh whatever note
potato means anyway here's this video of
me failing at the 360 double flip for a
long time but to make this video just
even more special I'm gonna go find some
of the skate park and make them do a
trick Taylor you want to be in a video
right now you know those three flips you
were doing ones to anyone well you think
up the Euro gap you think we do a first
try oh whoa you guys will not hit me one
more make you count Justin oh haha
alright guys so if you want to check out
the future network a video click it
right here it makes your life better and
all that fun stuff and make sure you
subscribe to them and tell them I sent
you that helped me out and guys quit
throwing shoes at me midday hey I'm
filming a video right here it's still
right here click it I'll talk to you
guys later goodbye
you
