what's up guys so for the last six
months or so I've told myself that when
I hit 50,000 subscribers I'm gonna make
this video and I had 50,000 subscribers
last week so here it is it's about my
book I've written four books actually
but the book I'm talking about is my
first book I ever wrote I wrote it when
I was 20 years old and it's basically a
coming-of-age story it's my
coming-of-age story that you know the
story of how I grew up how I got into
skateboarding you know girl relationship
issues and a big theme in it is feeling
different than everyone else and how you
deal with that but as as it does have
serious things it's a really
light-hearted book at times has a lot of
funny stuff and I'm not saying that in a
cocky way I'm saying that in a like I'm
proud of my work and I believe in it but
I'm probably about a hundred people have
read it maybe not the day between 50 to
100 people have read it and I've had 99%
positive feedback I really believe in
this book but the reason I'm doing this
video is because I've been really bad at
working on my book it's been done for a
very long time I just need to work on
sending it to publishers and or literary
agents and getting the thing published
so I'm making this video to make a
promise to you guys okay I'm gonna set
aside some time each week to work on my
book you know I I have to restructure
the chapters and I got to start talking
to publishers and agents and I'm gonna
work as hard as I can you know with the
time I have to get this book published
and if I have not got a deal in the
works with a publisher and or legit
literary agent by the time I hit 100,000
subscribers I am going to publish it
myself
I guess yeah I guess I should say if I
hit 100,000 subscribers I've been
growing on YouTube for a while and I
don't plan on stopping so I'm hoping
it'll one day happen and if I had
100,000 subscribers and it hasn't
I haven't had to deal with my book I
will publish it myself so if I get it
published or if I publish it myself it's
gonna be available online for you guys
to get and I just I kind of wanted to
say that to you it's kind of like a
motivation thing with me and like
alright I'm gonna do this and I you know
if I promise you guys I'm not gonna lie
to you got to keep it I am gonna say you
guys can help I have a facebook for the
book right down there click the link and
go to it and like it if you want to read
a sneak peek of it I'll post that I
think I have a link on my blog I'll put
a link to my blog on the Facebook so you
guys can go to sneak peek of like the
first three
captors I think and then as I go through
and restructure the chapters in the next
few months I'll post be posting quotes
and stuff and keeping you guys updated
with my struggle to get this book
published so rock on I really think all
of you who read out there will really
like this book I mean I I believe in it
and I've had a lot of good feedback on
it so it's kind of like one of my dreams
to get my book published so here's my
promise to you I'm going to work hard on
this and if I don't have it published by
100,000 subscribers I will publish
myself and you guys will read it you'll
be like oh my gosh Andy thank you for
publishing yourself because no one else
would do this but rock on guys that's
that's the whole reason to this video
and that's it I guess this is actually
kind of funny I just found a wedding
decoration of a like of the groom with
his head off so there's like an angry
bride out there somewhere I guess but
I'll leave that to your imagination
I'm gonna go guys please click the link
and follow the Facebook it'll really
really help me out because you know if I
if I talked to the publisher I'll be
like hey look at this Facebook there's
this many people that already want to
see it so that would rock guys I'm gonna
I'm gonna go I'm gonna go have a dinner
with my fiance probably Joe's Crab Shack
because that you know I'm not gonna give
you reasons talk to you later guys
please follow that Facebook page and
thank you for all your support goodbye
I just got you guys a bunch of guests I
actually thought I'd drop my camera I
didn't I just like this I was like oh
see I can recreate it I can recreate it
and I can talk at the after of my video
what does it mean at the after of my
video it's hot I'm like sweating it's
like 90 degrees and then everybody in
the whole world right there is like what
90 degrees isn't hot come to where I
live it's like a 110 bed every single
time you ever talk about temperature
everybody feels the need to like say you
are not allowed to be hot because it's
hotter where I am I'm still hot okay I
want you guys to deal with that goodbye
you
