what's up guys today not only am i
discussing the color coordinated but I'm
gonna give you some tips on how to learn
how to skate handrails with with
anything in skateboarding I give you the
best advice in the world but it's still
going to take you putting in some hard
work to really get the hang of some
things and with handrails keep in mind
that it's very intimidating sometimes so
it might be a mental game just as much
as it is a physical one with that said
let's learn how to skate handrails when
I started skateboarding it was hands
down my top priority to get good enough
where I could skate down a hand it's
definitely a milestone as you're growing
as a skateboarder and once you land that
big rail that you're afraid of it's such
a rush that's not many other areas in
skateboarding can give you that feeling
but one thing you have to remember about
skateboarding on handrails is that they
are one of the most dangerous objects
you can skate on so if you're going to
use this video in hopes of learning
handrails just make sure you are
cautious and as safe as can be when
trying them because they can throw you
on the ground and of course here's my
friend eating a cheeseburger while
olling at 8 stair before you even think
about trying a handrail you have to make
sure that you are comfortable and
consistent on flat bars on the ground if
you cannot do basic tricks every time on
a flat bar on the ground then I would
not even think about touching a handrail
alright guys ideally your rails at
scraped parks are going to be your
training grounds for handrails and when
you're comfortable doing a flat rail
tricks you want to find a small down
rail to skatepark this is a perfect
example of one and get very very
comfortable skating down this and even
if you even if you take got these down I
would just take a session and just do as
many tricks down this thing as you can
so you get really comfortable going down
rails when you're really comfortable
with the smaller down rails you're going
to want to find the best Park rail that
accurately represents a straight
handrail and this is the one we're going
to be using at this park if you notice
when I all e'en get out it's about knee
high so this is where you typically
ollie out onto a street handrail and get
on so this is what I'm going to be doing
it on and I'm going to cover board
slides and 50-50 s because there's the
basics and that's what we all typically
learn on handrails version all right
guys we're starting with board slides
and I feel you if you're scared of this
trick because with a gap you can ollie
out kick your board away and jump down
and you're fine with a board slide you
have to jump up here and slide down this
thing possibly put your gonads on the
so I feel you if you're scared if you
are too nervous while China is if you're
shaky and you're you know you're
sweating and all that
don't try it go get comfortable with
other rails you know try this with with
a good amount of confidence a little
fear is healthy because you got to
respect this thing you can get hurt on
it just as with anything in
skateboarding but make sure you have
some confidence when rolling up to this
because you're going to have to just
jump up there and slide down this whole
thing and in my mindset you know I'll
roll up to it a bunch of times clear my
mind and say alright this one I'm going
to jump up on this rail and slide down
it I'm going to get on it safely and
slide down it and that's the best that's
the best best mindset you can have to
going down a rail if you're really
really scared I suggest going a little
bit faster than normal because if you go
a little bit faster you can get out here
and you're in the safe zone you hit the
rail a little lower and you can jump off
and go do your thing but with boards or
handrails you're going to have to get
that confidence and you're going to have
to jump and slide down the thing so just
try your best it's a big mental game but
it's just going to take some practice
and warm them up on small rails to
really get the bigger rails down now
when you're sliding down the rail if
you're having trouble with your dismount
that's probably because your slide is
shaky and to steady your slide I would
suggest trying to stand straighter on
your board slide okay don't like just
jump on the board kind of stiff your
legs but as you slide start to stand up
a little more that's going to send your
weight and let you move out of that move
out 90 to roll away if it's a steep rail
you might just be you know slamming it
to the ground is going to take a couple
tries a really boom and taking that
impact but with mellow rails like this
if you stand up spot your landing turn
90 it's going to happen and you know
after you a couple tribesmen it's going
to be second nature to jump on this link
slide down turnout
all the way it's going to take a mind
game it's going to take that one try
where you just jump up slide turn land
but you guys got to try and you got to
keep going
with 50 50s they're a little easier to
try because you can bail on 50 videos a
boardslide you got to jump up and come
in 50 50s when I was trying them it
helped me to ollie over the rail and as
I all it over when I pass by I would
fill my trucks down at fifty fifty and
then jump to the other side eventually I
got confident off by doing this where I
actually just jump straight onto the
rail and rode it out once you get the
confidence up just just jump straight on
top of that rail you grind it out and
it's easy especially with flat bars with
flat bars you literally just stand there
you can stay on there all day and grind
the rail but it's just it's just taking
that confidence to always straight onto
the rail if you're really scared of it
you can always try Alling out but if you
ollie up on top of it like it right
about here like the top of the rail you
have a lot more control on your board so
I suggest getting confidence just
following straight up in here landing
down on it riding it out and if you're
scared you know like I was hauling over
the rail hitting your trucks and jumping
off is a good strategy to kind of get
your mind set and I'm gonna get my
trucks on that rail
now when you're comfortable doing a park
rail there's really not much different
when you go to a street rail the only
difference is that their stairs you
might get kicked out but it's just a
mind game that stuff is all in your head
the same tips that I gave you on this
like a laying out for a board side or
jumping over the rail and hitting your
trucks for a 50/50 those work on street
rails too so try to use those and just
battle that demon inside your head it's
going to be that one try where you're
rolling up to it and you just straight
up jump on to a board slide or jump onto
that 50/50 it's gonna click you're like
oh my gosh okay I just got to do this
and you're gonna be doing hand rails and
then you'll be like I have kids
skateboarding Bertie I am graduated
skateboarding high school whatever you
want to think of it as one thing I do
want to say before I leave you guys is
that do not start with a small rail a
forced air it might sound easy but it's
not you get an ollie high and dink the
rail and it's not good for anybody your
grandma's gonna be mad that you did a
forced air so find a six seven or eight
stair that you can you know it's mellow
it's kind of low you can just jump up on
and feel your slider grind because that
is going to get you a lot better at
handrails than trying dinky rails I
promise but I hope that helps guys if
you have any questions you can always
leave them in the comments below and
I'll try to get to them if not remember
try try try subscribe or die my
skateboard didn't subscribe so I punched
it on I'm sorry skateboard oh okay you
don't get a subscribe this is know about
just just learn how goodbye
oh hello I forgot to tell you guys the
hardest part of skating handrails in the
real world in the street world is that
it's impossible to find a real street
hand rollerskates
that's why we're skating this in this
video because in Cincinnati there are
not a lot of handrails but if you live
in California you have plenty to choose
from and you're lucky you're a lucky
person you're a lucky skateboarder you
are a lucky person border I'm done
you're lucky
you
