you do what is up guys this guy did his
first ollie
yeah you did Ollie at the skate park
Ollie's it was a skate camp last week it
was such a big moment for him that I'd
wanted to make it as known video so what
we're gonna do is we're gonna show you
the footage here then we're gonna go to
the skate park and he's gonna try to do
it again and then I've been telling him
for about two years now you've been
trying it for a long time right that
Whitney does this first Ollie you
finally can have a new board so ya gonna
get a new board yeah I don't know what
I'm gonna picture so we're gonna take
you and come along for the journey and
it's gonna be fun isn't it I've I've
here's the footage of him doing the
ollie right jump young jump higher jump
all the same time go that was good
did you see that toast successfully in
the air what that was awesome dude is
weird because when I saw it I was like I
didn't think it was at first Ollie
because some of the other ones that
stayed on the ground looked taller but I
played it in slo-mo and sure enough you
did it dude let's go try to do it again
what all right I love you I think I'm
gonna try to be Wonder Woman
so 2017 Dewey there's no rules let's go
skateboard that's mine yeah the guys
mess my board up yeah you knew that
yeah because I watch the video oh you
watch me edited didn't you look at you
dude you're so comfortable until until
right then
alright let's go over here to practice
alright okay so I have a video on how to
ollie already but I'm gonna kind of give
you guys this feel of how it works so
there's three parts one is popping your
tail down okay
and jumping all at the same time so
you're gonna pop and jump and then when
you get into the air you're gonna slide
your front foot up the board that kind
of levels your ollie out
now when ridin was learning how to ollie
he never really slit his foot and the
time that you saw him earlier in this
video when he Harleen he actually hit it
hit the board a little bit and a pop of
the tail up which made him able to ollie
oh yes you do we gotta do all three
things so Ryan's gonna try to do it
again if you don't if you don't do it
it's not a big deal you know you just
keep trying and eventually you'll do
them every time we're kind of guilt free
so just reiterate tap the tail
jump and slide your foot and that's how
you do it you explode it move your head
move your front foot up a little further
there you go are you trying to kickflip
so they're like this high off the ground
buddy so it doesn't look like much and
regular motion but you're gonna keep
adding are yet I'm gonna keep doing and
then I would always over you it and
anything I hey will you ollie over me
you'll get another skateboard okay okay
oh no with the moon that might be tough
I don't even think Danny way did that
see oh hey dude you wonder your baby
lift trick down the curb you think you
can do it who spread your feet out your
feet work together you crazy can you
nerd on this do it whoa that's pretty
cool you think you can get this that
close I know you're you got it just like
that baby leaf trick always right
there you go hey dude I'm a duck or well
I'm a hand duck I don't want your
fingers I want you to hate me I want you
to turn around on this skateboard okay
all right hey I did wanna say buddy hit
me are you ready to do this all right
hey do it see ya
how easy was that you're only
temporarily a book that what with what
with this now okay you better not squash
my stuff boy
all right I'll put this right here all
right
oh my gosh whoo all right here's a broom
that's just fell into my hands hey dude
just land right here and right here and
you're golden
do it ooh he like surfed yeah do you got
this yeah all right do it
amen I'm back and I would really hate
don't punch me okay look at his face
okay don't punch me that did not roll at
all okay the one day you start hauling
gaps you're gonna be so good at it you
look like you're lying on the beach
right but you'd style on that
right okay because it's gonna hit well
we know dude you did it and you're
running away I'm proud of you
yeah and you did good all right time to
go skateboard look at this
I think Casey brought it oh my gosh that
was awesome Casey's it's not yours you
could use it right now whoa all right
now that we're done being sad dragon
let's go I know there's our collection
though and here's the skate shop well
yeah that's the website but this is just
the straight course I'm feeling
you mean bolts yeah where are they oh
here they are I'll let you I'll get a
board and bolts okay now hey dude you
got to think about this if it's if
you're getting a bigger deck it's gonna
be harder to do certain tricks on it
okay you know that right this is the one
you picked for me Ames brothers - its
it's big dude the smallest - 775 here I
don't think you're gonna be able to do
much on it well we'll put this on the
side in case you really do want it let's
just look around okay we'll see here's a
smaller one this would be a little
easier this is the Aaron Kyra scroll
deck here's the Doug Skol deck do right
yeah see you need it with Johnny is John
Hill John Hill is a deck I think we got
some small ones in that plastic red one
this is dad designed this about a
thousand years ago
9 Nick I just came up with on the appear
Star Wars Dex those are not revived
boards
irunnable life right well most of them
are revived boards so it works out same
thing with that it doesn't have a small
size the Cerberus deck Johnny you want
this right this is a small you want that
one so Johnny's Cerberus deck because
it's the final answer yes you do
there you go I'm not sure how fast he's
gonna use this deck because like I said
when he's learning we have like a junior
sized board right now for him that works
really well but when you set it up some
time you could we could do a setup video
again you did earn this though buddy
okay you did the drop in that took a
long time to get your other deck and
this you tried the ollie for a good year
and a half didn't you two years year and
a half I don't know hey I'm proud of you
buddy I'm very proud of you all right
well thank you guys for watching this I
had to do a video on him doing his first
ollie they're not that far off the
ground but you did do it and they're
only gonna get better from here aren't
they that's a good plan yep there's a
bunch right there so thank you guys for
watching this I do videos here all the
time and he's in a bunch of them of
course always he kind of lives with me
he's my son so uh yeah tune in guys is
there subscribe button right down there
I can just hit that button and your son
doesn't see more from me and yeah I make
a lot of videos so so stay tuned right
right if you had to give them one piece
of advice learn how Ollie what would it
be
and eat Cap'n Crunch I'm not gonna argue
that would have without help Captain
Crunch is delicious yep
so sick when you finally know who that
is too scary
throwback Monday happens right now so I
have to explain this every single time
last year a mistake happened on YouTube
and a lot of my videos got shut off from
my channel they were not searchable they
don't show up and suggest videos they
just are pretty much non-existent I
explain this
the very first click of the video when
you would the first thing on the screen
it explains this I did a video telling
you guys this is gonna happen and I've
been doing this for months and every
single time a lot of people are like
anyway this is a reupload it's the first
thing you see in the video so to
everyone is with me on this and
understand this is going on then tells
people like dude it's the first thing
the video thank you those comments
actually do help because pretty it's
pretty hilarious
no absolutely is my never then it's not
Monday for us as we film us yes you're
right in the future okay this is one of
the most requested videos for me to
re-upload because it was his first Ally
that's such an awesome video and that
was it like broke my heart that that got
taken away off YouTube so to explain it
yeah YouTube didn't mean to shut down my
videos I told me it was an accident that
it was gonna fix itself this is how I'm
solving it is just reloading him one by
one so they're out there in the world
again especially videos like this
because this guy's getting so much
better in skating he actually just had a
session yesterday and he landed about
some new maneuver stuff you did really
good so Casey did skate the bathroom
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this video
if you've already seen it it's worth
watching again if you haven't seen it
there you go
I do videos here all the time the rest
of the week is new stuff so if you guys
want to see more for me to sit the
subscribe button right below the video
and your Center to see more I do videos
for this guy at least once a week but he
makes appearance this is a lot of videos
you like making YouTube videos I'm gonna
came up for I'm christmasing good Mariga
well we I'm not allowed to them why
alright I love you buddy thank you guys
for watching we'll see you tomorrow with
a new father-son video I forget which
one it is and then a new where else
Wednesday after that you have a good day
in the meantime guys say bye the dumb
dumb rappers wait have you ever kept
those
and it'll be okay
