I'm going to Bora Bora I've never in my
life that I thought I was going to get
to a tropical beach vacation like this
I'm really sad I go with my wife and I'm
going to make it just like a little
vlogger so if you may a doctor made the
whole thing so come in canoe and join me
look how come I can look look I got all
this Beach gear no no these don't want
that though but then you put this and it
looked like I'm about to be a
paleontologist at any moment or Jumanji
that works yet either way I'm about to
fall asleep I've had two hours of sleep
but I'm going to document this whole
thing we're about to get on a plane and
go boy I if you're ever flying out of
LAX the International Terminal is like
paradise
take a casino it's great - a casino yeah
nominally I'm going to leave we'll go
let's go to Bora Bora these are so cool
we're going to put these where
everybody's in our house we're in
business plan I didn't know that was a
thing until decisions made
why
this is pretty amazing immediately this
is where they they stalled block country
what you eat for the sunglasses only
persuade more beautiful or I think the
Sun came out better that's probably what
happened
this is the best resort in the entire
world
okay clearly scoreboard mostly this walk
outside here you slide the door it does
a little sliding action close it because
you're a nice person that cares about
air conditioning and you walk out here
and you are in Jurassic Park
you're the ladder you get a shower we
got a platform you got water yeah wood
banister you got this thing and then
looked at you open this window into the
blue of this bathtub I don't really use
bath I'm going to use a shower over
there ever look at the bathtub then
there's a window okay with Nemo flies by
we're going to find it look over here
come on
you opened everything there's a bed you
are killing area this guy literally in
this video like we care about air
conditioning and they have running water
Brittany did you see what the Bruce is
the shark that's who I love everyone who
likes my fingerboarding videos with
Rhydon I'm sorry I didn't bring one
because this would be amazing I'm going
to swim the face out of this place
there's no rhyme for we're doing
something awesome we're going to swim
the sharks we think right here here we
signed up for rays and sharks swim meet
Safari excursion whatever all those
words are and then it came up on like
our little schedule as like dancing with
race know what are the thing it did say
ready valet exactly rain ballet sorry
Mandy car just freaked out but as long
as we get to swim with some sharks I'm
cool I'll be happy we apparently get to
feed the Rays which is cool for him like
a ham and cheese I'll be disgusting
heavily woman
he nothing Cheetos yeah
you chose to project
as I can add like ah well you're doing
some discharge make sure you drink a
mango juice by Row 2
is it
you
Oh will you get them to my phone
get it is right there you know you're
kidding God Britney go right there right
here comes to the ladder go down see you
on the ground it is my case
sorry it stays clear I couldn't do much
with it I had to wait - you're like
kinda in the water let go see through
this is yeah I know Jesus it's super
Cesar well now I know to get to
successfully prank people get a better
iPhone case we are series of bungalows
what a weird work on below you like the
word bungalow totally coming beavis and
butt-head would say it's lagoon time
place rocks
now let's go with sharks but
it is so exciting to how close they get
all that had a good cut right now
Oh imagine if that guy had a water bill
you're doing a beautiful house it's
called the predetermined travel kind of
ready to go right through the show
are so that probably just abruptly ended
but yeah that was some footage I just
filmed here and there while I was in
Bora Bora I was there for like four and
a half days and and then we the
travelling was intense but yes my cat
just suddenly all right and she's gone
but it was such a good time the
travelling was kind of intense it was
like 30 hours there 33 hours back and
it's sometimes I was fine and sometimes
like and we were in the got sweaty
airport was no air conditioning it was
it was crazy but it was like the trip of
a lifetime I've always known about Bora
Bora for almost of my life and the fact
that I actually got to go there is just
it's just awesome gosh it was it was
literally looked fake wood to your
eyeballs like you look around be like
just looks like a backdrop to a movie
looks so weird
but it was a great time and you know
going to someplace so unique and a
places I'm not normally at I was like
well I'm gonna make a video to show you
guys so that's it there's a little red
head peeking peeking in on the video
cooking it like that I'll be back to my
normal antics here with the next video
I'm sure but I hope you guys like that I
do videos here all the time about the
skateboarding about my life about
whatever I think is entertaining so tune
in by hitting the subscribe button right
down there if you want to see more do
you take a pillow top and uh and I will
see you guys soon well we got a jump
with a jump guy dude you could have
fallen and hit your face and I do not
want that Davin okay also oh those are
socks I thought you had shoes on say bye
to them by grad year Lynne Cheney what
friend meaning you're the cat don't
there any case there's a girl oh you're
going to get on your shirt whispers
perfect I like there there's a cat right
there
for the bonus clip what is the what's
the best advice you've ever been given
mmm be a good game is someone else be
entertained with someone else
that'd be everyday looks like your mom
or your dad is up there and got like
good is very sexy you like that okay
maybe like God live life with your
friends and family what better way of
saying it right there but you're
learning you're five I love you five and
a half I love you kid
