blow your mind here oh fast did you know
that there's more to food than breast
milk
there's Chipotle that's exactly the face
that I made when I found out a bunch of
boy - did you see that babe
I'm dad dad remember you smiled last
time when I said that I'm dad dad riding
huh is that funny I want to do that can
you say what's up I'm three you're three
months old and I can't really talk yet
I think that doesn't know our tech that
doesn't know you two what's up guys so I
uploaded a different variation of this
video on a channel I have just for my
son ridin and when I was uploading it I
kind of got hit in the head with the
hammer of common sense and I was like
man this is cute this is funny a few
people on my main channel are gonna
laugh their faces off of their face if
you know what I'm saying so I thought it
was worthwhile posting here as well I
hope you guys found it amusing I
actually have two more riding videos
coming up with the next three weeks or
so one is gonna is gonna make you laugh
many faces off your face is pretty funny
and then the second one is going to be
him wearing his very first red shirt I
know a lot of you guys have been talking
about that so be excited for that after
this I'm gonna get back to the the skate
goofy stuff that I always do so with
that said I'm gonna know this video is
missing just something something small
what is it missing I got it
okay this is a really cute video but it
just needs that extra sliver of cute
that it doesn't have boom kitten time
right now it's the perfect YouTube video
kittens and babies so subscribe or
not you you're lazy
you being lazy and then you put up
another little important book you
trouble cute
you
