okay so I'm trying to film a video
because outside because it's a nice day
it's like it's a nice day outside why
don't we just come to the park and film
this talking video clouds freaking
clouds the second I start filming from
now until Zeus's mountain my gosh okay
guys but cloudy or shine i'm going to
film this video i just hit 50,000
subscribers on youtube and that is
insane I never thought I was going to
get this many followers on YouTube and I
just wanted to thank some specific
people here and I am going to be doing
two videos like you know because of the
50,000 mark but I'm gonna be doing this
next week I'm going to do a skate video
and I'm gonna do a video about my book
which I have it's done it's written and
I want to get it published so i'll be
talking about that a little bit and I'll
and watch out for the skate video right
now I want to thank some specific people
if you don't want to watch this I have
something for you to watch actually go
to the YouTube bar and put cat a fall
fence and you'll probably come back here
and be like Andy thank you for making
watch that that was awesome but real
quick money good on this list and I'll
talk about some things that are
happening on my channel and then after
this video I'll be back to the normal
weird antics I'm always doing first and
foremost Alex bunin I could not have
done so much of this without you you are
a great friend like a brother to me the
revenge true of course specifically out
of the revenge crew I want to also thank
Aaron Cairo and josh katz you ask my
fellow youtubers and you know I've
worked I've worked with you guys on
YouTube here and that's awesome thank
you for all your help Ellis frost he was
the first person to ever promote me here
on YouTube hit a lot more subscribers
than me and he put me in his other
channels box and I was like thank you
that rocks and I've not forgotten that
Thank You Ellis Joe Jr and Metro Joel's
like a brother here on YouTube Jimmy and
I actually got to go on the metra
wertham last year so Joel thank you very
much I'm go I will have you back till
the end of time and I'm never going to
let you stop making YouTube videos okay
we will be both the old men making
YouTube videos Nigel Alexander you have
the first independent skate channel at
the top independent skate trailer on
youtube and all of us have have your
back and have your support you weren't
also dude keep do what you're doing and
I just want to say thanks for all the
work we you and me do here on YouTube
Brent asked with you guys know ms baskin
with he's my Australian YouTube friend
thank you for all your help bud you are
awesome and you have great taste in
everything Star Wars I won't go into the
details you're not
dude Callum would thank you for all your
help Justin Ellison you guys know them
as gel thank you for your design work
and begin to some of my videos I want to
thank Brian Blakeley and vox footwear
who I represent Brian Blakeley as my
dude over there and I have boxes back
for as long as you guys but let me have
boxes back Jake Stewart and Orion trucks
Jake you are awesome thanks for all your
help and same thing with you guys I have
Orion's back as long as you guys want me
outside of the skateboard world I want
to thank Brittany my fiance you are the
greatest human being I have met in my
life and I want to spend my whole life
with you and I'm going to ride in my son
when you get to watch this one day
you're you know you're the reason I wake
up and do everything I do you and you
and your mommy I love you guys and then
I would like to thank you who is
watching this guy's my I used to work
for jobs and tried the YouTube videos
and now I like I make a living and
support my family just from making
videos and skating and goofing off and
all this stuff I do and that is
incredible I wanted to say thank you so
much just by watching my videos and
sharing them that helps me out so much
you guys are the best subscribers in the
world I read all your comments and
messages i'm really sorry i can't get
the respond to all of them but i do my
best and I will keep making videos for
you guys until the end of time so what
is happening with my channel is it is
going to change a little bit it by that
I mean I'm just going to have more more
content I've been doing three videos a
week I'm going to try to up it to four
or five videos a week so prepare to see
more goofiness skateboarding see it's
pranks all that stuff and we are working
hard on the revenge video we're actually
about to launch revenge in a much bigger
way we're about to get more products
more different types of product and the
video is in the works it will be out at
the end of this year you know if worst
case scenario it'll be out next spring
but it is in the works and yeah great
things are having my life I just want to
say thank you guys watch out for those
two fifty thousand subscriber it is next
week and you know like I said this is
like a life I could only dream about
years ago and I have it now thank you
very much guys I am gone
I'm gonna go film another skate video
with Thomas and then I will I will see
you guys in the future so 50,000
subscribers thank you guys here's to
50,000 more goodbye paper paper paper
paper rips paper rips paper all right
okay here's my list and thrown it like a
rapper like boom that was stupid gosh
you
