we are avenge 22 guys and we have a
little surprise for Thomas we're gonna
ask him to be on the team
Thomas get over here blood get no idea
that and then that some of that I got it
you're on camera right now all right we
have a question
see you own your sponsor my revenge yeah
yeah yeah well yours Dec can you go man
are you serious there's initiation that
okay you gotta let me free all right
whoa welcome man I'm gonna go god I
think I might be more afraid than he is
because it's really windy today oh my
gosh Sam you want to be my uh what's the
MC that like gets the crowd pumped oh
man what is that called what is that
called hype man you want my hype man
hype man yeah whoa here comes a three
flip over a small child
Andy shocked loves three flips so he's
gonna do it over a person it's still
alive
you got scheduled initiations for
everyone make sure everyone loved the
team bucks Oh
all right so we are at my auntie Madame
escape market I'm gonna put Alex on the
spot right now Alex are you gonna try to
do that gap to jump up the tail whatever
please do that copy on the spot
alright I'll fall harder you do all
right oh you push the camera you might
have landed it if you didn't punch the
camera
all right you guys you guys on with this
park
I got true weight story about the bud
grind flip is awesome and everything but
you're supposed to be telling me how you
brought auntie back to life all right
man it's time you know so here's what
happened
I was having this dream so I was running
and running for the woods I came to the
place where Amy and died countless No
suddenly woke up and the game was right
there I played for hours and hours
finally beat it and Andy appeared hold
on you brought Andy back to life playing
Mortal Kombat that I did wait wait wait
you told me the usual Tyler that you
brought me back to life by playing
Mortal Kombat yes because that's what
happened oh my gosh let's just go
skateboard all right today we have a
challenge guys we have to skate ten
spots and do at least one trick at every
spot really you guys down I'm down ten
spots but why do you guys are good you
always got a curse swear he has a
language like a pirate sailor let's go
I'm gonna say much got over go faster
hey why do you just trade 58 look a
 shitty yeah why not
you crazy like I do that you got a
4-shot over
you please stop falling I know what are
you thinking
No maybe three foot fifty-fifty are you
kidding what is really what it's with
everyone wanting to do that trick today
all right go all right we have an hour
and a half left I've got four spots to
hit it is game time guys no stop it
skeet stop her for going up it all right
four slides yeah
no three foot no stop
all right well I'm gonna be honest with
you that was disgusting gross and I'm
gonna put in the video Oh
all right last spot you think you got
the ender oh we can do this let's do it
right now first shot
why did that first try dude what I'm so
good I can't believe it actually I can't
believe that do you always do so like
that
thanks for the high fives everyone yeah
three flip fifty-fifty working better
though really you think oh my gosh dude
get this he didn't curse three flip my
gosh
what's up guys it's Josh and I really
wanted to be in this episode so here's a
trick
