where's this the
oh dude my face how much is this on my
face right now oh wait is this the oh
well
really
I really laugh away like like yeah we
won nor the ones with pants full of ice
in a cold wiener
yeah can I get a number I just fell
inside your restaurant with a side of on
my face
oh you know what I spilt this all over
myself can I get another water I'm
serious God dude are these durable you
see like a whole long night yeah they
are when did you turn away
always uh this is what you guys is
YouTube channel it's an dich rock don't
look that up
alright cz market I'm doing awesome
yourself I was actually wondering about
you could just give you a gift like a
present I can do that sure okay cool
I'll see you the window I thought was
easy I didn't have to argue with her
sure I mean I guess I kind of sounded
creepy I want to give you a gift here
you are it's all your happy birthday I
love you and that is how you end a fast
food idiot you do something nice for
someone although she cut she was like
yeah thank you thank you for this game
of Yahtzee that's what I got her but uh
there's a little heartwarming ending to
you guys uh she could've been happier
about it but I'm happy about it so that
doesn't matter
subscribe or diet diet yes diet
YouTube what's up guys so I wasn't gonna
do the whole sit here at my desk and
talk to you thing I was like the videos
fine and sound they don't need some
weirdo talking to him at the end of it
but I really have to point out that I
totally dropped a drink onto my wiener
on accident I really thought that the
cap was just gonna come undone and like
the drink was gonna go everywhere but no
it totally slipped out of my hands and
hit me right in the gonads so that's
probably my favorite clip that we got
while filming this I had a good time
filming this one usually these are a
little more stressful than the other
prank videos I do but uh we had fun with
this one and I recently planned this as
a trilogy I was like there's no reason
to do more falling on fast food trays
but when I started dumping the stuff
onto my on my lap I was like I can
spread my wings a little bit with this
so if you guys want to see another fast
food idiot go down there and give it a
thumbs up and if it's clear that you
guys want it I will do another one the
next public prank video coming is
falling skateboarder 4 so if you haven't
seen that get fresh up on your phone
skateboarders and then be psyched for
that because that will come within the
next few months but I'm gonna go guys I
am going to go do something with my day
you guys are not going to know it's
going to be a complete mystery but I'm
going to be honest it could be working
because that's all I do
that's not really mister anymore
whatever I'm going talk to you later
guys talk to you later guys talk to you
later guys talk to you later guys that
went all over electrical wires awesome
why did I do that um no actually I was
about to prank your restaurant but
there's nobody inside it so you guys are
good there's nothing there's nobody
inside it so I'm not gonna prank you
guys
here well you want me to come in you
want me to come in then I didn't see
anybody okay I'll come in alright I love
you
you
