I had to hurt did you film that yep I
every better
like die dude did YouTube what's up guys
so I don't want to do this video for a
little while you know just the kind of a
best of fall montage and I really
thought oh my gosh you're back man I've
seen the x-games guy in a while but
anyway yeah I won't be the one to do
this for a while and I thought I had
more falls in this granted this is a big
computer so I probably did miss a few
but I just thought there's gonna be a
higher number of Falls and the worst
fall of that is at least in my eyes is
the one where our old friend Jace was
doing the five-o and well let's just
watch it again yeah then that's like
double punishment I mean he misses his
trick he slams his hip and then gets hit
in the back of the head with his board
you can't get much no you can get you
can get much worse than that but I'm
just saying it's pretty bad I hope you
guys like this though you know maybe in
another year so and I have a handful of
Falls again I'll do another one so give
me a thumbs up if you want to see more
crazy weird falls on my channel but I'm
gonna go guys and I'm gonna go with the
classic right here I'm gonna go with my
classic outro subscribe or oh my gosh
you're back - alright whatever
subscribe or flip and die or twist and
x-games
you have a concussion right here in a
coma
yeah
you
