Alice what up this challenge time what
do you got for me we have ten tries to
manual that whole manual pad okay okay
you gotta make it a please pass the
bitches because it gets rough you keep
going past that you can even do no one
can do that so we got you think you do
this all right wait let me get let me
get ready for you first try right here
are you kidding you are boring dude you
are boring that's good you can do it and
then run some 180 outer sacrifice
throwing it let's do a bonus clip you
want to all right are you ready to
entertain us I'll try let's do it
hahaha I didn't expect that I thought I
thought you're going to do the 180 I
like that better he's probably all right
say goodbye see ya what's up guys this
week's featured video is a trick tip
video it's by John gets he's going to
teach you how to do a ghetto bird and he
is definitely the guys to learn these
from he's really really good at him and
I myself actually should go watch this
video a couple more times because I
could not do this trick for the life of
me but check it out and make sure you
subscribe to network gay if you already
haven't and tell them I sent you that
would help me out tons but it is 3am as
I upload this video so i am going to go
to bed now i will see you guys in the
future goodbye
