oh yeah you really just saw that clip
and it would be a shame if I did not
play it again for you in slow motion
boom how does one go up on doing that I
mean that's like wrecking your car
before you hitting the gas pedal and
sadly people have probably done that in
the real world at least in the
skateboarding world it's like ah he hit
his wiener what a dingo and you just
keep skating and everyone's happy in the
car world you're like oh my gosh this
person is on fire you know I need to
spend ten grand front of the car I'm on
the news looking like a ding ding and uh
see it's light-hearted and fun the skate
world but um yeah the skateboarder in
this is actually my one of my best
friends and I grew up skating with me is
a very very talented skateboarder um so
I might as well show you some skate
clips of them to prove that watch
so there you go guys there's some proof
that he could actually shred on a
skateboard to not just get hit in the
gonads but yeah I was on my computer
their day looking through random clips
and this is an old one but I saw it and
I was like why did that happen first but
I was like you know why I need to make a
youtube video this this is golden so
there is your daily dose of skate comedy
from the day guys I'm gonna go work for
the rest of the day like I always do I
really do work less but um I need to
make a grand escape so i will throw this
golf ball up and randomly disappear you
don't know what I'm gonna do it you
don't know
congratulations you guys reached the end
of the video where I'm hanging out with
my ferret badger who has gained a lot of
weight since I got him when he was a
baby he's kind of like a small cat
aren't you buddy yep you want to go what
you do you get to do some beeps all
right wow you're a better beaver than I
am that was like that was like double
kick be right there I don't show you
there's your daily skate comedy for the
day daily skate comedy for the day day
how about I start my day by doing a
Taylor ski comedy the day that sounds
you a great day I just may eat some a
Adam Sandler better that there's some
proof that he keep that that is that is
a good demonstration of how frustrated
am right now I want to get this video
done and go home and and and then go to
work oh my gosh how much much I work too
much
you
