it is about time for funniest bloopers
montage 7 so might be a little weird
that I wrote that on my leg just for
this little clip in this video but I
thought it was appropriate because this
is probably gonna be a weird video so
don't say I didn't warn you guys but
here it is the funniest boot montage 7
all right come on get with it I don't
have a red mark my face our name
no red mark I don't think so alright
let's just okay so we I'm gonna talk and
before I do that I'm going to look
around and save words in one syllable oh
oh shut up gosh
I'm not never gonna film this ever gonna
ever ever ever ever ever get ever ever
ever ever ever gonna film this ever ever
ever ever ever you deserved that Andy
but but my nose looks me right it does
it looks really weird right now like
this so it looks maybe caught me at a
bad time I'm angry oh wait I'm lying I'm
actually happy but the awesomeness in
this in this in this in this in this in
this yeah you just walk in did you close
that door no I think it closed the door
the door bells ringing I didn't close
the door all right if I go up there on
the doors closed who closed the cat okay
start again
are you yeah start again okay just here
for the looks money to say anything
YouTube what's up guys sorry sir your
thunder really
is that how I I come across do sounds
like it yeah you too what's up guys I
know my whole YouTube
every week during December this is the
second week why do I gotta put that in
the freakin middle of a squash what the
squash I got the idea for this skit and
in actually the wait there was something
really afraid that was gonna hit my
laptop that's how my life would work
we've been like boom boom what over here
boom broke that blow over there boom
broke something else came back give me
the head boom I'm dead last video ever
did
goodbye video response to this video I
remember you can do it on both channels
so you can you know enter it to to both
channels what I literally said that
twice in a row not that part but the but
the channels channels channel channels
channels channel channels oh and him I
and an L him I him I really can you
speak that less what what can I speak
that less they're moving way too fast
did you just say that was it true it's
the better question why do you have that
face in your face Andy but yeah what do
you have that face on your face why do I
have that face in my face oh my gosh is
the next phase of this little video and
I might want to do that clip again you
dummy you are so stupid
you are now a music cool on YouTube he
crushes on a skateboard if you don't
snowboard is this no why would he crush
wall to crush no skateboard of his
professional snow were great question
Andy how dumb are you
I don't know you're asking yourself just
questions into a computer screen
Mir why am I thinking mirror yeah so we
did it in two different time periods
maybe that's a lie maybe that's a lie
maybe that's exaggerated maybe that's a
D exaggeration which means a
exaggerating of less which is not true
that was a lie and exaggerate I am done
be sure like we were in the past but
that's the Facebook that's the Facebook
the Facebook who is this oh uh him and
myself is how I say that him myself
alright let's just try again
himself himself from me himself and I he
and I you know we're at the skate park
that night with a bunch of other
Avengers that's how I want to say that's
not one set he and I gosh good English
was so good just through the end he was
like and II film this nobody didn't say
that gosh why are you lying all over the
place
haha and when I started that clip I
meant to say real words idea to do this
skit and when I saw have gum in my mouth
that was for the intro I need to
strategize my freakin gum chewing but
winners of the snappy me snappy me just
having tomato pizza whoo so I don't
remember the jingle I'm let me try okay
hey during every week of week the
repetition of the repetition okay
alright contest we through last week
month shut up Andy shut up Andy month
week year purple flowers what I known a
handrail because it's not on my channel
so that was not masculine that was
feminine you are you are an idiot you
are not that feminine is an idiot but
you are you are an idiot you
just write it down on this piece of
paper I just wrote it down wow I must
have hard there do I have issues I'm
just saying it to a psychiatrist like
well why'd you hit yourself in the face
like I messed up a YouTube video
