there is
Alex Tyler yeah dream about Andy dying
Indian I had a dream too only I know how
to bring them back
Alex what's up man thank you for
bringing back to life dude him in
problem it sucked being dead man it was
weird
I'm bad I don't want to talk about it I
have a phone call might take this how we
take it hey what's up Alex Lorentz right
yeah do I know you
I'm Thomas Thomas I mean Welles Thomas
Thomas what is up guys we are doing we
are avenge 21 it is season three and we
are ready to get this going today on
this episode we have Gary Bella with us
yeah yeah and I don't know where should
we skate guys dude I just download this
great new app and it just picks a spot
for us check this out
so you just we just press that button
wow that was weird
app is there I don't know my gosh it
took us to a skate park wow dude that
the app takes us directly to the spot I
love iPhones man alright so yeah our
magic iPhone app took us to the skate
park and we're gonna film baby yeah
we're gonna film a montage and this is
Delhi skate party hey Andy I see videos
all the time dude what who's this guy
I'm Thomas Thomas
I remember Sam yeah beautiful day to
start at Montage I'll do it and edit
whatever this is
right today what you guys want to give
me props on not driving the camera good
job that was pretty good who is this
mother um Thomas
oh my gosh I'm just gonna set a
dreamboat here in Cairo what did he have
an umbrella yeah I had that exact same
beer skating yeah how do we even get
here we go skate
said
I am oh my gosh hey bar dudes whoa dude
hahahaha
I was actually screaming whoa dudes
destroy get help for that
you're gonna dude sinking you need to go
get it jump in dude my new shoes this
sucks this is how an episode gets paused
this metallics dives into the Ohio River
for his board and comes out with nothing
so same time next week guys yeah
sometime alright hey we're back at this
spot and you're doing the same trick
yeah stupid and then we're going to get
out of the danger zone and go skate
inside downtown some dumb reason for
horse dry land I didn't get the trick
that's hilarious the most amazing thing
is that you have us modern cell phone
not one from like a caveman yeah yeah I
joined the 21st century yeah alright
ingress and on that note let's get to
safe skate spots
all right so we got to wrap up this
episode and I'm going to do the
sketchiest grossest drop in the whole
world I can't even see where I'm going
are not clear
so sick thanks man
right oh I'm like the dirtiest dude
alive and bloody that's like the
creation of dirt is up there how many
were clean up actually
hey Alex out oh hey by the way I forgot
to ask you how did you bring Andi back
oh man it's a whole nother episode a
whole nother episode I don't have time
for that yes you do
alright forgot to ask but who is this
kid
it is Thomas
