you too what is up guys so every now and
then I get asked if I have ever done a
dark slide or if I can do a dark slide
or if I'm a dark slider if you may and
the answer is yes I have done dark
slides in my life but when I got asked
this question the other day I was like
but I don't think there's actually
footage of me doing a dark slide on my
youtube channel so I'm gonna change that
right here right now here is a footage
of me doing a dark slide from a long
time ago
and it's not the smoothest thing in the
world but hey it's a dark slide so watch
it and I gotta be honest with you guys
that wasn't my very first dark slide I
had done one the night before and I'd
filmed it but it was really dark and I
was like I got a feeling during the
daylight so I woke up the next day and I
filmed it and actually the footage
easily went over my friend robot behind
me into a kickflip noseslide on like the
whole box so that's pretty awesome so
once again I'm gonna let the footage
take it away and I'll show you all of
that footage right now
so there you go guys that's the only
footage of me doing a dark slide I have
I've done a lot of dark slides since
then but I've never gotten one on film
and got it to my computer I did the most
perfect smoothest dark side I've ever
done on some ledge and my camera I got
stolen with the footage before I got it
to a computer so I was really bummed on
that and then within the last year or
two there was there's a long ledge in my
skate park that you've probably seen me
skate I'll put up a new clip of it right
here
I almost are excellent that whole thing
I snuck into the ground and didn't roll
away I was really bummed and I really
want to find something like a street
spot to do it for my upcoming video part
in the revenge video so if you see that
happen to the vintage video be like ah
Andy you did it if not don't be
surprised because it's really hard to
find a spot on the street to do a dark
slide so that's it guys I'm going to go
work the rest of my day I'm gonna spend
a lot of hours editing we are revenge 21
and I just re-watched all the footage I
film for this video and I say the word
um a lot to go back and watch this
entire video and count how many times I
say and I didn't count but it's a lot I
need to work on that like it doesn't
make sense I'll be like mid-sentence and
I'll be like you know I walked across
the Elm Street I got work on these guys
so on that note subscribe or um die
goodbye hey guys the featured video this
week is some footage from Chaz Ortiz
private skatepark check it out and make
sure you subscribe network' tell them I
sent you that would help me out catch
you guys next time
later
