boom that was an awesome clip by Dave
rucinski but the awesomeness does not
stop right now in this video I got some
something pretty cool to tell you guys
in December Vox said hey Andy all your
Watchers they're gonna get a discount
this month and you know April April is
here and it's getting warmer out and
we're ready for the spring and summer to
happen so box not talk and we're like
let's do it again for the entire month
of April if you use my name as a coupon
code in the vox online store you get
thirty percent off everything you order
that is pretty awesome say you spend 40
bucks you can spend a lot less bucks
with that discount fifty bucks a lot
less bucks sixty bucks a lot less bucks
and actually a lot of you guys have been
asking me what shoes I've been wearing
in my recent videos well I will just
take it right off my foot and show you
this is the black early trooper with a
red accents if you may and I still think
they created this unintentionally for me
because it is exactly my style but not
only is it a beautiful shoe it's kate's
really well you put these on and you
feels comfortable right away I love the
shoe um I hope to never skate another
skate shoe ever my life it's my favorite
shoe ever and if red is not your thing
it also comes in blue and bright green
along with a lot of other options guys
they have a lot of shoes on their
apparel hoodies all that fun stuff so
check it out it's thirty thirty percent
that is a lot that's a big chunk of
change saved and I always you know any
chance I get to give back to you guys I
jump on it because uh you know you guys
are why I do all this so um I could I
like to hook you up as much as I can so
just to repeat all this guy's right down
in the video info there'll be a link to
the vox online store and during the
entire month of April when you're
checking out they'll be a little box
says coupon code put my name in boom
Andy schrock and make sure you put the
seat and Schrock cuz a lot of people
forget that and that'll give you thirty
percent off i want to thank vox for
doing this and i want to thank you guys
that you know this is only happening
because you guys are awesome and you
guys are always supporting me but for
those of you who do not have a dime to
your name you are in luck i'm gonna do a
giveaway right here right now i'm going
to give away this medium box t it looks
a little something like this i'm gonna
put it in this box tote bag which is
appropriately red and black
and I'll throw in some Orion fox and
revenge stickers and how you win this is
very simple there'll be a link down
there for my facebook page my public
figure page click on it and give the
page a like and then at the top of the
page i'll post it the public pranks cell
phone idiots my new prank video click
the share button and that enters you
into win this goody bag it's when it
hits seven hundred shares i will stop it
and i'll pick a random person of those
who shared it and you guys get the the
box goody bag so rock on the link will
be right down there just find that video
and click Share and you're entered to
win a little vox goodie bag so thank you
guys I appreciate all the support you
give me and this is me showing some
support back to you guys so i'm gonna go
i'm gonna go film we aren't avenged 21
right now actually so watch out for that
this weekend subscribe or die why did
you decide not to be
in this in this in this in this in this
in this yeah why you just walk in did
you close that door no I think he closed
the door the door bells ringing I didn't
close the door all right if I go up
there on the doors closed boo close the
cat
