I think it is contest time guys from
Orion trucks and revenge skateboards and
the first thing is first you're saying
what am I going to win that's what I
want to know first prize is going to win
a complete skateboard Sam is right he's
going to win a complete skateboard yeah
I complete this made up of a revenge
deck 8 inch some Orion trucks 50
millimeter blueprint wheels and if you
guys want some other specs on this stuff
you can check out the information on
video that's pretty exciting this is the
first time then I've given away complete
skateboard my channel so first prize is
that second prize is going to be a set
of Orion trucks similar to the ones on
this board and third prize is going to
win two t-shirts one from Orion one from
revenge and maybe some extra goodies
that sound good it sounds great alright
how you're going to answer this as
you're going to make your most creative
skate video under a minute and a half
which is minute and happen yeah it's 90
seconds when you have your video ready
guys you're going to come back to this
video and post it as a video response
which is right next to the comment box
see the link right there that is how you
do it oh so you got 90 seconds to put
together your uh your most creative
skate video you have in for the rest of
April to do this so as soon as it's May
the contest is over and we will judge
the entries and have the winners within
the next week so this is open to us
residents only because it costs like
prob about five thousand dollars to ship
this crossing across the seas at least
but we do have an international contest
come and stay tuned for that so yeah
guys we want to see your most creative
skate videos have fun with it it doesn't
have to be like the biggest handrails
biggest gaps just put together a really
really creative piece and we can't wait
to see your your entries but what we're
gonna do is we're gonna skate right
let's to show you guys some
skateboarding right all right do a trick
right now no not with that this is don't
do a trick with that that's that's
someone else's good
that's I do
Oh
