alright guys so every once a while I get
on here and I do a video asking all of
us to band together and help a fellow
skateboarder out and right now is no
different you all know who ryan disenzo
is right well if you don't you really
need to watch this clip brian has been
killing it lately you need to check out
as footage if you haven't already but he
rides from Ryan trucks and as you guys
know I've been working with Orion trucks
I'm actually flow for him so he's kind
of like a distant teammate to me and
when I saw that he was up for a Street
League spot up on the barracks I was
like oh my gosh I really want him to win
guys all you have to do to help this
happen is go click that link down there
and find his face and name in vote for
him he'll ask you to allow some stuff on
Facebook just get through that stuff yes
allow take my life away whatever and ask
you to do in vote for him if he wins I
will throw a little bonus contest will
give away some maybe Orion goodies some
revenge goodies i don't know maybe some
personal goodies you guys might find
some my personal belongings in the bonus
box but seriously guys please make this
happen if it does it'll be awesome i am
at the skate park so I'll film futures
for you guys I'm wearing I was not
expecting and skating i'm wearing lounge
lounge clothes that nobody should see me
in i don't do a few tricks and Ryan's
here so you might do a few tricks too
and then you're gonna vote for Ryan
disenzo Ryan Coons here that was
confusing right all right strikes
it's a miracle I get any traction to
these shores it's a miracle oh won't you
hit me with my oh my gosh Thomas just
kicked me in the head mid trick instant
headache ah that works though high fives
alright so everyone else is stepped like
one-upping me and doing amazing tricks
but that's awesome we got some good
tricks for you guys please please please
please vote for Ryan he is killing it
out there and he really deserves it and
I'd be excited to see him in Street
League so I am going to go I'm gonna go
home and change and never wear these
clothes again in front of a camera later
guys
you
