Youssou but what is up guys it's update
video time where I tell you about things
that are going on in my life and the
companies that I own it's really weird
that I own companies do you guys it's
not because that's probably how you
found me on internet like doing what I
do but as a kid I never had dreams of
owning and running businesses at all
as an adult I really didn't it just
happened what am I talking about I'm
gonna let you guys know what's going on
so first off my life yeah what does well
in my life recently it's been a pretty
cool thing
it comes when you're having a
conversation myself I know it's really
cool so I had an in LA SF trip with
revived and that was productive for
pretty much everyone else but I mean I
think it we are avenged out of it so
that's cool that'll be coming eventually
man Sam Bissell crushed it was a good
time with the dudes I came back I spent
a good three or four days with rioted
and then I went on a trip with my wife
to Bora Bora which was paradise you guys
don't know what Bora Bora is pretty much
every tropical poster you've ever seen
you know it's little houses on top of
the water those are rooms and I was in
one of their called bungalows which is a
weird word okay let's just put that out
there that the word bungalow is kind of
weird
it's like Winnebago Winnebago is not
that weird though that's a cool word I
like that one either way would more Bora
it was awesome I actually have a video
of my tank coming soon this weekend
maybe of it so that was really cool but
when I got back here I was so ready to
get back onto my life not eat myself
ridiculous because pretty much what you
do when you're on vacation is you eat
and still the beach and you're like you
know that face I don't know why but I
had that face but the trip was really
awesome it was cool cuz I haven't had
like just a trip with my wife to a beach
vacation or romantic get on the crab
it's is our honeymoon that was awesome
but now I'm back I've been skating again
I'm actually sore because I skated so
hard for the Risa warehouse Wednesday I
just it was like 10 minutes or trying
that 540 over but man I fell my point is
is that I am back during the month of
August just being a dad making videos
for you guys the normal thing I do with
life I do have some trips coming up
there with the family so it doesn't
matter it's not like you know I might
have to leave them which is amazing and
I'll tell you guys although my trips
towards the end of the video when I tell
you my travel schedule this is my real
mustache but let's get onto
talking about the companies okay
three-block launched it's been years in
the making I'm so glad it's finally a
thing so Jason Park is one of our pros
Carlos lobster just turned pro for it
and then we have a really talented bunch
of guys and it was really it was a good
launch like it was better than what we
expected because with a new project you
know it's you have no idea how it's
going to go so it did go good some sizes
sold out immediately and that was
awesome I think we just recently ups
they're hitting a skate shops they're
going down through the Shred course calm
it's going really well and I can't wait
to start doing some like really polished
edits with the dunes I'll upload it here
on my channel or we'll start a
three-block YouTube I'm not sure how
we're going to handle it but three bucks
awesome
we're going to do like a very little
fall release and then we'll have some
really new stuff for three-block for the
holidays here where you buy revive is
awesome I know everyone was freaking out
that they were like well it was cool
broth I was also but now this room and I
don't know why three-block would ruin or
vie for you for five staying the same
in fact this holiday season we are going
to release our first DVD season of where
our avenged I think is going to be
seasons 1 and 2 because they were so
short
this might seem silly because they're on
YouTube for free but we have always
wanted to make them up physical so I can
like look on my shelf and be like
there's we revenge you know there's this
season WR avenged but there's gonna be
so much bonus stuff that you won't be
able to get on youtube we're going to
put it on DVD and then put some
documentaries as a bonus section and
then just like some extra content and it
won't be super expensive to buy it won't
be like as much as take over the world
is not that that's expensive but it'll
be cheaper than that and yeah it'll be
cool because we will release them
periodically we're gonna start with uses
1 & 2 I'm pretty sure and then we'll do
three four or five six so and so on and
then you of course going to get new we
are of edges here I'm working on 64 65
right now and I'll be filming I think 66
will be in Vegas I got to talk to ninja
and then 67 we'll be in Hawaii and then
we'll figure out the rest after that but
you will get up to 69 this year and then
early next year you'll get to 70 and
then after that once like the spring
hands I'll do a full new season
episodes we're going to keep it going
and then force so yeah the force tour
video was sent to come out the holidays
but it was kind of like the way with the
schedule was working was that we would
have to do it perfect to have it in time
for Black Friday so I was like alright
so what we'll do is we'll do some like
online video parts maybe like online ten
minutes to get video for force and then
in the spring we'll do the DVD of the
four store that I haven't talked to the
team so the team don't know about this
but we are going to be doing some really
cool force projects this year and then
the DVD will be out early next year I
just want to do it right I don't want to
make it rush and I don't want to be like
on the line like waiting for the DVDs to
come in the day before their release
anything like that
so there was us cool stuff happening at
for us and of course new products all
around for all of the companies oh my
gosh I read ready player one okay that's
a movie coming out next year but Ernest
Cline he did the novel and it is such a
good book I actually had the book for
years now and I never read it and I
finally when I went on this occasion
when you have to go to all across the
world you have to fly in a mini
airplanes and I don't think I'm gonna
read a book and I read it through I was
like on the beach every day reading it
it was amazing it's a sci-fi story of
the future but it has so much 80's
homage in which I grew up with you know
and I mean even though I'm sure you know
about the Ghostbusters and Back to the
Future and all those great things that
came out of the 80s this book is so good
go read it it lessons right next to then
you don't get to go anywhere they just
pick it up and read it just so good the
movie is coming out next year so reason
before then so you can be educated on
what happens in the book the Steven
Spielberg is doing the movie so it's
going to be good that guy knows what
he's doing
like imagine if Steven Spielberg made
you a sandwich I would be like dude I
know this sandwich is amazing Steven
Spielberg made it I would like a
sandwich by Steven Spielberg now I
really won't know that taste like I
misplace my neck it is embarrassing
story it's not embarrassing it's story
time I always do this I have a story in
my update video that embarrass me or
made me look dumb or give you an insight
on something I don't know this one and I
hope I haven't said it before I stole
from my mom my mom okay one don't steal
from your mom moms are great they're
awesome and I stole from one I'm
terrible alright I was like nine I think
okay and I saw a $20 bill like
sneaking out of her purse of a knight
took it and I bought a spawn action
figure I'm pretty sure so at least they
went to good use you know she never
asked me if I had it and I was like I
just got away with it okay
and it didn't teach me to keep stealing
I didn't keep stealing this was just
like a one-time thing but I stole $20
from my mom and I remember there's a kid
down the street those order of the music
four years older than me and I told him
thinking I would be cool in my
nine-year-old head I was like heaven
ATO's gathered a stole from my mom he's
gonna think I'm awesome no he's not
because no one thinks that's cool come
on I told I mean which me seriously was
okay you need to tell her you need to
come clean props to him he was like a
good guy apparently and I was like all
right I will
so he came to my house like the next day
right this is how serious he was near
the cage did you tell your mom that you
stole from her and I lied I'm freaking
why I was like yes I did hoping that he
wouldn't ask her any didn't and he's
like good cuz I'm gonna he said it I'm
gonna ask her to make sure am i all
right he didn't because my mom didn't
say anything I went on with my life I
grew up I came to exist as a human being
and all that stuff and when I was like
25 I was like I never came clean so I
went to my mom I literally watched to
her out this is a quiet time where like
I rented a place right near my mom's
house I think my girlfriend was the
minute I was like mom I stole $20 for me
when I like nine years old and she was
like okay that's how well she said Jim
Carrey she really wasn't bothered by it
clearly because it's been so many years
later cuz I'm still living with the
guilt because I'm talking about a year
on YouTube but yeah this is the moral
stories don't steal from her mom and
then if you have a like angelic friend
down the street don't tell them if you
do because don't get you well you know
what he did good things though I don't
know I don't realize no idea what
Leonardo DiCaprio there you guys go
there was the weirdness on is this
update video I hope you guys were
entertained by that I am doing is
travelling in a like a week or so I have
a family trip to LA which is weird
because la is crazy to be there with my
family is going to be slightly weird but
we're going to go to Universal Studios
it could be a lot of fun I have another
family trip at the end of the month but
which is like an actual long one is take
a five-day trip that way is like a
weekend thing so it doesn't interfere
with work or anything but I go to
caliber and then after that I start
going into work trips I have home at a
Hawaii trip in the middle of September I
have a Vegas trip in kind of finger
that's rotating in circles I have a
Vegas trip in October and I might have
sooner if I do that we were avenged I
don't know and I also going to film my
movie in October I think that's we're
filming a paved new world so I'll be out
in LA for that it's going to get crazy
act but when holidays happen I'm going
to be at home and it can be great videos
to come tomorrow you should have a new
we are avenged I'm wrapping up filming
this week is Wednesday as I film this
and we're filming some today so tomorrow
so hopefully all goes well if not it
will be pushed back to next weekend you
should begin the bora-bora video and
then also recently the Cincinnati Reds
brought riding tonight so I could just
have a really fun night at the ballgame
Bry names was there too so we like a
father-son professional baseball video
that'll be fun but either way tons of
videos are always all the way I've been
having a lot of fun making them recently
so get sight but I'm done I'm going to
go I'm going to put this hat on and then
I'm going to clap and make myself
disappear and that's how I'm gonna leave
so it does what's right but if you want
to see more videos from me it's right
down there you just hit it and you're
signed up to see more is what I just
said okay I'm done okay guys ready for
my disappearing entry
but I'm going to inform you guys but I'm
confident okay okay all right no idea
what just happened I had no idea what I
was doing trying to sound like I tried
to say English words at one point but
that kind of turned into that okay it's
when you see those like little like yeah
paradise it's like every single paradise
a paradise more time Andy palpable pizza
well how would can I say pizza and get
that man that doesn't make sense
holy so I am like I have tape
I hate can prove this by having good
what
