I want to know how I draw my whiteboard
every time I do a video by the way my
full name is Andrew Jedi Harry Potter
Gandalf's rock no that was actually true
except for the Andrew and Schrock but i
go by Andy I'm done let's start this
video but guys this is an update video
so I'm going to be doing some update
video ish things like talking about my
life and talking about more things about
my life I'm gonna be doing some talking
so if you guys want to want to hang out
with me rock on but before I even start
going into things i'm going to show you
to ancient clips that i plucked off my
computer the first one is a clip of my
friend attempting some backyard
wrestling back when it was cool for my
friends to do backyard wrestling I don't
know it's really old but uh watch this
clip so I don't know if you know
anything about backyard wrestling but by
the looks of that shot he was trying to
fall off the balcony onto the table
below and he kind of missed and fell
straight onto his face the good thing is
that he survived he's okay and he's
actually a filmmaker now that was my
good friend George Allen but it's it's a
funny clip I was looking through my
computer and I was like I think the
world needs to see George falling onto
his face so uh there's that clip and the
next clips really short and simple it's
my other friend Brandon getting hit in
the face of the camera and you might
have actually seen that one before but
who doesn't want to see you know their
friend getting hit in the face again on
the Internet so uh rock on there are my
two clips now we move on to business
like I was saying I'm gonna talk about
my life here and some pretty big life
events have taken place recently and one
I want to talk about right now a lot of
you guys have been confused on what to
call Brittany some of you call her my
girlfriend some of your car my wife you
guys are confused across the board which
I get but we you know we were always
planning on getting married and doing
the whole or like I love you you love me
let's get married and have a happy I'm
not gonna say family because that would
be too stereotypical of a rhyme but you
know I'm saying ridin cable earlier
though so we weren't gonna try to get
engaged and plan a wedding at the same
time as having our first born child but
now that ridin is here I was like all
right and you got to start you gotta you
gotta do what you got to do and make
this girl your wife and um which is
really hard because you know Brittany I
lived together and it's hard to plan a
proposal when you have
take care of a child and you're working
all the time but I did it and last night
officially I am engaged to my wonderful
fiance Brittany here's a picture of the
ring boom so yeah I'm really psyched on
this guy's I am engaged it's awesome um
you know like i said i have a lot of
trouble like actually doing the proposal
because i live with her and i work all
the time and it's really hard to like
sneak around and plan this and i didn't
want to take her out to a nice
restaurant and get down on one needs
like every other guy has done I mean I
did take out to a nice restaurant I just
didn't do it at a restaurant I had this
whole elaborate thing on the high river
like in front of downtown Cincinnati
with her family and it was this pretty
romantic I felt good about it so and she
was crying her family was well parts of
her family were crying so it was awesome
and um yeah other than that life is life
has been crazy you know I have a child
now so obviously but you know everybody
in the whole world that's a pair of
their like your life is about to get so
nuts do you like you have no idea and I
don't think it's as bad as people make
it out to me maybe I'm getting lucky but
I can get seven and seven plus hours
sleep tonight if I really try it
honestly with the times I've been awake
it's because I keep myself up like I'll
get up and the bill the night to feed
him and like when I try to go back to
bed i'll just start thinking about all
the work i need to do the videos i
should do like blah blah blah so like
I'm my worst enemy and it comes to sleep
and it's kind of always been that way
for me but life is awesome it's great
and i will switch over to start talking
about revenge stuff because i know you
guys want to hear about that and revenge
is going really good at least when it
comes to sales sales are going up and up
we're seeing more people out there
skinnier boars that's awesome but
there's a lot of chaotic things going on
in the revenge world with me right now
there's a lot of things i need to do i
need to order more shirts because we're
out of practically all sizes have extra
large I need to get new stickers made
and I know I wanted to design two new
deck graphics um so within the next
month of half look out for more shirts
new stickers and a new run of decks
hopefully hopefully new graphics if not
I'll or at least going to restock
lifelines maybe get another color in but
that's pretty cool outside of products
where you have a contest coming up with
Orion trucks Orion and revenge or to be
giving away a complete some shirts and a
couple extra or an extra pair of trucks
so that's awesome and I'm so going to
the international contest don't think I
forgot about you guys we're just on a
time limit with the Orion so i might
wait till I don't know
I don't want to double up on contest and
with that said if I have to wait a long
time for the international contest i
will i will throw in some extra goodies
and we'll make it a being international
contest so hang in there guys awesome
things happening and I don't know
awesome things happening and then then
stop stutter stop stop stop next part of
video how about that but I'm gonna start
wrapping this up guys I'm gonna fill you
in about the videos to come we're in the
middle of filming for we are revenge 21
so that could be up as early as this
weekend but no promises if it's not up
this weekend you might get a teaser for
it this weekend um and I want to start I
need to work I need to do a prank video
I need to do a skit so I'm really gonna
try this month of April to get fast food
idiot three done watch out for that
that's gonna be my next one after that I
will do following skateboarder for um
and then I also if his far skits I think
the next skit I'm gonna aim toward is
James Ford three so uh pretty big heavy
hitters coming up also i think i'm about
ready to do my funniest boot montage
seven so look out for that in the
meantime I got you know skate videos
with network gay coming and then i have
i have whatever crazy stuff i come up
with i have no idea i do about three
videos a week right now so there's
always something happening but I'm gonna
go guys i I don't know usually I throw
something I don't even know what I'm
gonna do here so I'm gonna do a classic
I'm gonna go men in black boom subscribe
or die anti-climatic this is very
anti-climatic I want you to throw
something Eddie no I would not throw
something I would talk to you I will
argue I'll argue myself before I throw
something okay how about that how about
that okay how about that okay okay let's
just let's just let's just keep saying
words let it leave me
guys every time i do do if i do i do i
def guys every time i do it video i do
do it do it do it do it do gosh yes we
I'm gonna talk uh-huh and before I do
that I'm going to look around and say
words in one syllable uh-oh this little
video and I might want to do that clip
again you dummy you are so stupid you
are now a music cool on youtube people
don't care about taxes on the Internet
why my singing so much my gosh alright
whatever i'm just go home all right hat
nandus I look like a train conductor
which brings me to my next point why
doesn't Mario look who I look like a
train conductor when he wears his head
because this is Mara's hat good question
minds blown across the Internet good bye
you
