why did you just land it right there I
was going to but I'm gonna hit you now
it'll look at it there's no like curb to
drop off alright guys so the reason i
made this video wasn't just to show you
that throwaway footage you just saw i
just want to talk about some things in
their revenge world real quick because
allowed you guys are noticed in this
Jase has not been in the videos lately
and that is that that's something I want
to talk about right here i'm not going
to go into details but Jace is not going
to be involved with the revenge project
anymore we did not want this to happen
Jace is like my little brother I've
known since he was five years old and
I've been close to his whole family for
a long time and it really bums me out
this I can be involved of the project
hopefully that changes in the future you
know like I mean we're not we're not
like leaving on bad blood or anything
but uh you know we love to come back
he's been there since the beginning so
it's like he's our dude I just want to
give you guys a heads up and when I'm
while i'm talking about Jace leaving
West back in the day he you know he
stopped appearing in the videos he had
some stuff going on I've never actually
said this video he had some stuff going
on in his life and he just kind of
changed priorities he hasn't really been
skating since so you know worst all
still friends there's nothing bad there
at all but he's not he's not really
working on the wrench project obviously
haven't seen him in a long time early
last year so yeah I just want to give
you guys a heads up so you know that's
that is a bummer they're both awesome
dudes
we do have some new faces coming up in
the new season OPR revenge season three
starts in about a week and a half I
think we're almost done filming a 21 and
yeah we got some new faces for it you
know to fill in some gaps here and this
season's gonna be good you guys stay
tuned for it also we are opening up
sponsored submissions very soon I'll
have a video of it and I'll fill you
guys in on how you can send in sponsor
tapes to us so yes with that said I have
one big positive announcements bank we
redid our website and it's awesome Aaron
Cairo did it and he did an awesome job
Aaron rides first so you guys don't know
he's a very talented skateboarder but he
did a pretty good job on the website and
i love it you guys check it out the link
we write down there and I'm gonna go I
had to film this out here in the
wilderness because I'm not in my office
today so I didn't go my little like my
subdivision here and there's like a
thousand kids per household here it's
crazy it's like I got my constant
playground around me so rock on I'm
gonna get up because probably sitting on
an anthill or something oh you know what
look there is an ant hill right there
boom uh I'm done I just want to fill you
guys in so we are gonna mention 3 kicks
off really soon so be excited for that
we are and the video at the end of the
year and I'm done talking I'm gonna stay
under the Sun until the outro happens is
the outer happening
you hit of ramp see that hit the ramp
and it flips your super bored over and
nope your multiplier is gone idiot
touchgrind
you
