what's up guys it is March 26th and
after two long months my son is finally
coming home from the hospital yeah he
was premature about two months so he had
to hang on the hospital and gain his
strength and grow and all that but he's
done that man he's coming home for the
first time today and I'm really excited
so here is the welcome home ride in
video except before I leave I have to
wait about 40 minutes for Britney to get
ready and are you always pushing
anything yes he's all yours thanks so
much
buddy how confused are you
he's fine
tests there he is
mm-hmm mommy and son in yes your first
traffic jam but this is no your first
time sitting in traffic all day welcome
to the world hey babe what I kind of
wanted to get girls will you spray some
of this on them
no yeah
success makes noise how cute is that you
call it was a nightmare - I know double
YouTube what's up YouTube sound flat he
looks like he has like three chins this
is the greatest thing in the world for
babies
okay imagine him crying you turned it on
boom it's vibrating baby's not crying
baby's happy so how do you to brighten
oh that is right cute is he on the war
world
high-five ridin boom okay so babe I got
to take him in the house for the very
first time so you're gonna do the honors
of taking his room for the very first
time you'd go for that good all right
ridin who was just awake a second ago
he'll watch this when he's older big oh
that's what I was doing
you wanna Craven
take about YouTube utilities officer
judge now I'm done
pardon my messy kitchen but what is up
guys ride in his home and that is super
exciting a lot of you guys have been
asking about him so I want to make this
video and fill you guys in my life is
about to get pretty crazy but on the
bright side I'm not gonna have to drive
across town just to see him that usually
takes about two hours of each day so
instead of spending that time I'll be
able to work at home from here and get
some stuff done that's gonna be awesome
and I'm not gonna be doing a lot of
riding videos on my channel I'll
definitely do one once in a while and
he'll pop up in random videos but a one
thing I am doing is I have made him his
own youtube channel I'm gonna be filming
him all the time as he grows up and I
want a place where family and friends
can go and just watch it and I wanted to
tell you guys about this too so if you
want to check out ridin as he grows up
you can go subscribe to his channel is
the link will be right down there and
you know for him he'll be able to go
back and look at all this footage as he
grows up and one day when he's ready he
can take reigns and have the channel for
his own so this is a little thing I'm
doing for family and friends but you
guys are my friends so I wanted to give
you a chance to do this it's right down
there check it out but I am going to I'm
gonna try I'm gonna edit this video and
try to get some sleep that's gonna be
the trick here is mommy and ridin he's
out of his crib
so ridin say subscribe or die oh my gosh
he never doesn't he never does anything
for me it's like I just tried to ask him
to do one thing guys I will talk to you
in the future
stay tuned good bye
Ryden I'm gonna be upfront with you you
see this this is a video monitor okay so
at night when you think that I'm not
looking boom I have this you have girls
over in the mill annoy boom I know if
you're sneaking out boom I know don't
think you can get away with anything on
the bright side you are two months old
today because this is the 27th I got you
an r2d2 action figure this is your first
X figure you should be site you should
not be sleeping nothing happy second
month day but I love you
you
