my name's Travis Robin and your life
just got a whole lot better cue the
intro welcome to the second episode of
the TR show this week we have a letter
from Elise from Cincinnati
aka since June and she asks Beauty are I
know you're probably busy playing co d
grandma boobs and being hot and I would
like to pause this letter just a second
guys and say Elise you're spot on that
is exactly what I've been doing lately
I digress stuff but my boyfriend just
broke up with me how do I deal was
breakup my heart it just hurts
at least from Cincinnati hey ed city
chicks
well Lisa I'm not gonna tell you this is
a great question I'm gonna tell you this
is a greater question and I'm gonna
answer it but we all know girls do not
watch YouTube so I'm gonna answer this
from the guys perspective step one here
is interesting fat guys/girls don't
actually want to break up you if a girl
breaks up with you she wants just one
more thing with your relationship more
and if you want that girl back well then
you're gonna have to give her that drama
first silence and MySpace then sign out
no one uses that it then sign on to your
Facebook and tell the whole world you
love and miss her and after that send
her flowers to work school and on Barney
have you done all this correctly she
should be missing you pretty bad luck
and it's the perfect time to go on a
date with her mom now that is drama step
two girls love it when you blow up their
cell phones I'm talking calls texts and
voicemails all day so they ever saw your
tweet you ate at Jersey Mike's with your
cousin not gonna lie I thought that was
our restaurant I miss your face I miss
your scent raywilliamjohnson couldn't
review my love for you
it's your underwear I miss you but how
does a farmer I'd let you ride my
tractor I miss your socks you think cows
float just sent you a picture my
ding-dong I don't miss you watching
Jersey Shore that was messed up I saw a
semi truck the other day they remind me
of your boobs Emmett I got my tax check
back and I bought you a puppy and
finally step three girls London Pugh
show dear men and what better way to
improve your testosterone by grabbing a
camera and reenacting any scene for the
star wounds you are the chosen one
obi-wan I've been lava I hate you I love
you like a brother Anakin well you
turned on your lightsaber and she's just
turned off you're getting lucky today
well at least I hope that helps you get
through a breakup a little easier but
just remember since you have boobs
everything is easier with boobs okay to
everyone else if you have a question you
want me to answer go down and ask it in
the comments below and I might pick you
for the next TR show until then remember
it sucks to be you because you're not me
this is the very first time I've ever
put on makeup my whole life because that
was Ezra Cordia again how the camera get
on record again boom you turned on your
lightsaber and she's just turned on
playing on
