YouTube what's up guys so you are about
to see the very first time I ever
grinded a handrail and beware I got this
off a VHS tape so it looks really bad I
mean it looks like it was filmed like a
garbage disposal but um yeah without
further ado here is the very first time
my trucks ever laid truck on a handrail
just watch the video idiot there are
actually a couple ridiculous things that
I have to talk about this clip first off
the entire time I was trying that trick
there was this kid running around being
completely obnoxious yeah like the kid
was screaming randomly jumping out like
mid trick he would jump out in front of
me and scream and I was like oh my gosh
I really wish it was not a nice person
right now or had a Jedi abilities cuz I
would totally Jedi force this kid to the
next neighborhood my gosh it was it was
a handful but uh the actual rail is
ridiculous you can't see it because the
footage is so nasty but um it's a speed
rail and if you've ever seen those rails
that are kind of Lego piece together
that have the big joints that's what I'm
talking about and I don't know who in
the right mind would like hey I've never
granted a handrail I might as well
backside five-o threw like a knob
basically on a forced air but yeah I did
it and I have no idea like there's no
way I could do that
today I would like I would take like ten
stare a 15 see any day over that forced
air but yeah I did it and um that was my
first handrail that I did grind I did a
few board slides but that's a different
world
um I mean your first grind on a handrail
you're like oh my gosh I'm a man I just
hit skateboarding puberty but really
guys this is a simple video I just
wanted to show you my first grind on a
handrail because it's not on my channel
I do want to make how to skate handrails
video because I think I took the right
steps in working my way up to handrails
when I was younger because I had this
desire I also got skate rails and
they're very you know you have to be
cautious with skating them because
they're dangerous you know you can get
hurt doing a handrail and I myself have
never got sacked you know the you know
the rail to the Weiner boom I've never
been there so I
think I'm pretty good at taking the
right steps to like hey let's not try to
get my wiener split open on this
whatever but if you guys want me to do
that video you give this video a thumbs
up and I will do my best to make some
time to do that but I'm going to go guys
I'm going to leave you with the very
first 50/50 I did on hand rail which is
just a five steer it's not much more
exciting but it's the first time I laid
both trucks on the hand rail so I will
see you guys later subscribe or die
you
you know you thought the video is over
but it's not because I'm gonna answer
that little question the back of
everybody's mind okay yeah I am aware
that I have a stupid hair that will not
do anything except stand up like an
idiot okay and you guys you guys have to
live with this during that video that
you just watch but I gotta live with it
all day I always have hairs like this
randomly like hey and they want to make
you look like an idiot so what I'm gonna
do right here on the live Internet
let me cut it off okay a girl would
never do this dude they don't mess with
hairs okay this is not gonna do in a
frickin didn't cut off a nuff of it
apparently I really am gonna have
multiple I can't do this hair is oh my
gosh
you're gonna die hair little better a
little better a little better yeah see
you're an idiot hair
you're an idiot that's what you get for
setting up like that now it's like I got
a Lego piece on my head what's up guys
this is the part of video where you head
over Network his channel subscribe you
can click this thing that's hovering in
front of you looks like a moron a
network a shirt that'll take it right
over there to subscribe or you can boom
click this video right here that is it's
some footage film by Nigel and it's good
stuff check it out and then subscribe
network' make sure you tell them I sent
you that will help me out and everyone
will just it'll be a better day for
everyone
I didn't plan this I don't know what I'm
actually saying right now except the
words lurk of my mouth and I'm saying
I'm just not planning what I'm saying
I'm done saying check out network a
subscribe and tell them I sent you
goodbye
you
