too much information what is up guys
so I'm already doing another day in the
life okay I'm gonna do this one a little
differently I'm gonna start the night
before because the next 24 hours of my
life are gonna be pretty crazy it is
midnight 15 and in two hours it's
daylight savings time so it's going to
go 2 o'clock kidding it's 3 o'clock and
then at that time I got to upload a
video and get to bed because I got to
wake up at 7 a.m. and start my day and
I'll fill you in what I'm doing tomorrow
when tomorrow happens but right now I'm
gonna show you all the baby stuff we
have in the house because in about a
week
Ryan's coming home so we're trying to
get a rich oh look hey that's a high
chair hey look there's a car seat come
here
there is a Britney food and clothes more
clothes more baby crap that's not his
maybe one day we'll go up here though go
up at the top of stairs
oh hey adorable elephants and then BOOM
his room and I'm pretty psyched on this
this is almost done but I have never had
a room this nice in my life this guy's
this little dude is getting hooked up
alright but in the next two hours I have
to do a little bit editing spend some
quality time with Britney and then
upload that video and get to bed
so yeah this day is going to be really
rushed and that sucks but let's do this
food editing lost kiss YouTube bedtime
good night good morning alright guys it
says seven o'clock but it's only been
six hours since this video started
because of daylight savings time and I
got four hours of sleep kinda probably
bout three and a half honestly and I'm
good to go so what I'm doing today is I
got to go up to Columbus Ohio
revenge is sponsoring the big cow town
contest here in the Midwest and it takes
place in Columbus so I gotta leave
Cincinnati by 9 a.m. to get in Columbus
by 11:00 but before I do that I got to
see my son you know I start my usually
start my day out by going and visiting
my son who is still at the hospital so
I'm gonna drive across town and hang out
with him for a little bit and then go
grab Alex and leave this city so let's
do this let's get this day started guys
let's go get this date I don't know say
all I said let's get this day started
guys
honestly could I have like a thousand of
everything you have everything hey buddy
okay so it's not a clock and I'm here to
pick Alex up to go to Columbus and I
don't know what he's doing
I'm telling another day in the life my
air cast are you ready for it
how about I Drive there and you drive
back heck yes cuz on the way back you're
all tired what about love
oh yeah there's a piece of love park
right there Alex got a big piece of love
park to uh for some other dudes on the
team right okay let's do it
so yeah cow town is today which is one
of the biggest skate contests in the
Midwest it's being held at Skate naked
there's a couple there's a there's a
bunch of companies sponsoring this event
in including a workshop instrument
skateboards which is another sanding
board company and revenge is one of them
as well so this is gonna be excited
we're gonna be there hopefully get to
skate a little bit and be representing
the Midwest skate scene so we're gonna
drive to Columbus and you do not have to
watch that it's just gonna do more
videos some of the lucky
dude I just over the back and then I
went to the grocery store to pick up
some
Palama fruit and then a bunch got a
Dorito taco and there is an
advertisement on the taco that this is
like a real-life pop-up well I just
texted that pop-up my gosh it's like
them all right so we got here early and
skate before the contest actually starts
we have an hour before the contest
actually start stand by demands at this
time and skating myself
again
well we just went through like a Batman
tunnel what's up guys so we had to leave
the contest a little early they got a
late start but I got anybody to
Cincinnati to have some family time with
basically the in-laws and yeah so I
think I might since alex is nice enough
to drive I think I might actually try to
sleep as an I am tired so I will see you
guys the Cincinnati
ah gas stations where my bank account
goes into my gas tank we're back we're
back back at Alex's House I think my arm
is broke for my front board all right so
I'm gonna go eat dinner I'm so hungry
that was a weird thing to say you're on
YouTube you're late
this is going to be delicious
because I'm starving like an idiot you
should eat it right now Oh camera yeah
you don't wanna do that
see I can't put that in because there's
a bunch of weirdos on YouTube like
that's hot right so we got done eating
dinner
mark is is in enforcing that we watch
this Great Smoky Mountains DVD very
excited I've seen it already
are you excited you don't wanna be on
YouTube chad is oughta be on YouTube oh
my gosh so I hung out with the family
and that was pretty fun we just kind of
watch TV and ate and you know what what
families do but now I'm back at the
house and I'm gonna watch an episode of
lost with the lady and then I'm gonna
clean up a little bit I'm gonna shower
cuz I'm pretty gross and what I guess
I'm gonna put a shelf together and I'm
not gonna show you guys that I'm gonna
do all that and try to stay awake
because I still have only slept about
three hours I didn't really sleep in the
car ride home from Columbus probably go
guys I hope you guys like this one this
was this was this was a crazy day it was
I'm done talking but I'm gonna see you
guys on a day in the life 7 push up for
you guys
ohh pushed up
say words like boobies
you
