stop tell me that noise stop making that
noise alright so we're driving about to
fall asleep every five seconds never
getting to Philadelphia and then was he
a skate park and what do you guys say
listen hey is that what now you go you
think about go that way and then go that
way
this is where I do nothing while he
rolls around the park he messed that up
I thought that was his board oh did he
lie to that
alright guys this is the part of the
video where you head over to network a's
channel and subscribe tell them i sent
you and as always actually I got a
better plan for you see that video that
just popped up click that watch some new
footage filmed by Nigel and then
subscribe to network a and if you don't
it this three flip is literally going to
keep playing over and over again so you
might as well just do it but no guys a
subscribe network a and tell them I sent
you and I will talk to you guys in the
future goodbye
