YouTube what is up guys today I have a
surprise unboxing actually there's a
really surprise for you I've no idea for
he had no idea was going on all the kg
he should be in this video my friends at
blue tile specifically Dave who rules
sent me this I are the board's up inside
I meant to buy everything else in a
mystery to me he put some extra stuff in
here so I don't know what's inside I'm
 on boxes and then I'll do some
skateboarding and it'll be a fun video
it says something on look at this part
dear and here Andy thanks for all the
things and inspiring all the folks to
join keyboards hope you like the goodies
I put some in for the guys as well
that's you oh my god thanks all the best
so yeah that's cool that's one I think
they do this with all their like orders
that go out leave a percent as much
which you do a lot to I want to John
video yeah I saw that too so that's
awesome look at rockin open this up and
see what's inside
thank you for the kind words glue
Thailand signed blue South Dave wrote it
thank you that means a lot
you didn't have to draw on this box we
did was your why did you do that let us
out when you kissed a girl for the first
time it's happening right yeah okay I
knew it has happened I'm just kidding
what was your first thought
do you remember thinking I don't
remember it probably like oh good you
did it immediately it was good that was
good the first time was fine for me the
second time our lips made a funny noise
now laughs and afterwards I was like she
probably felt bad about that I'm I feel
bad I kissed her many times after that
really a little about good like that was
the I hit the button that with idiot me
ran away
now she's my girlfriend it was amazing
Wow oh okay immediately this is not look
like a wardrobe of John he'll like tell
me that's not a John Hill video that's
like a week's worth of John Hill videos
right there
oh yeah the zero zine which is really
cool they do this I can't open it delete
deny Oklahoma it's just do this how it
says wow again
I like how Xero has kept all their
original graphics kinda like all the og
ones that I grew up with a trail looks
amazing I mean I don't know who's gonna
wear these because I'm not do they're
not red so this is what happened why I
grew up skateboarding the 0 and 12 oisin
were like the biggest influences to me
so when I saw blue tile a shop I care
about doing a collab with Xero I just
mentioned I was like you know what I'm
gonna grab one of those decks I will
support blue tile and I just you know
it's a round graphic so I got it for my
collection
I'm not going to skate it I often buy
boards and other companies to put in my
collection that means something to me
not a stack at home and I'll know what
imma do it because there's too many to
put on the wall but this is going in
that collection here's a very orange
shirt there is a very yellow shirt white
chairs that's cool I like that I like
the white one the best important panco
I'm literally just gonna hand this to
Gayle or or John Hill yeah they probably
already have it that's a Thomas shirt -
did he hook it up and oh my gosh thank
you and then there's one there's one for
me just straight up awesome or not even
gonna leave it I think I'm just gonna
leave this here because I have you ever
had to brush - yeah - I need a zero 2%
yeah no toothbrush heck yeah I will no
longer be at the warehouse Michigan no
longer brush my teeth
come here I will no longer be the where
else these are awesome but I can't even
see that against the others
here's a sneaky card play it forward
it says play the world's longest game of
tag I'm not going to do that which is
supposed to oh this is one of those
sonic sisters
after therefore we took them out an
Aussie regime oh wow
we'll find a place with is the office
amazing yeah they use sharpies to
mediate that's really read I can really
do that with this order to use the crap
out of this but that it's an open for
business like we're turning back oh yeah
she she uses and we should use this here
those amazing you get this because I
have to them now you want to order pizza
so we got a 0 second we've got a lost
souls ticket we've got a tank over the
war world Souter I've never heard of
that coming face you see that we got a
collapsing dearest again researching
your having spent on this is really cool
one looking like the coach me we got
going on fine spree ratted I just see
you should see the camera guys I knew
this was happening so heck yeah I like
the green so Jamie's house specifically
like he's the reason why I ever skated a
handrail I saw my first K video ever saw
was misled youth and it changed me so
this truly means a lot this is an
awesome thing to have my collection
thank you James Thomas Thank You blue
tile in Dave specifically this was a
very fun unboxing I don't get to do
skateboard unboxing so when I get to do
it I'm really excited I think it's been
a long time I think it was like a Cake
Boss a lot to my open them like I did an
unboxing with a skateboard alright with
that said I'm going to do it a boarding
I'm going to try usin trick on this one
percent now no this is one of my
question I'm going to try to do some
church I normally don't do and a one
I've never done it might be a cruise
you're on Emanuel oh I'd be cool yeah I
feel like that's not that I don't think
well I can't move I probably can't Holly
right now but we'll get there I'd like
to say thanks to boot I'll in general
for being such an awesome shop with
pushing skateboarding they you know
there's a lot of shops out there if you
were then there used to be but there are
a lot of stuff out there and then but
there's it takes especially help to
really feel how its gates up should and
I'm not talking trash or other skate
shops but blue tile bring a community
together
there is skateboarders skate shop and
it's
awesome if you have ACH up an area
please support it buy stuff from them
get your boards from them if they don't
carry a company that you want to skate
ask them to carry it simple as that
support you're seeing people I'm going
to try to trick I don't think I've ever
done going to do a 50-50 hippie joke
which seems like I've done it some like
that before like I'm just like very
shocked er yeah it seems like something
I should have done I just don't have any
memory of doing it so either way I've
never done this so the weird thing about
this is that when you ollie you go suck
your feet in so it doesn't hit the tail
when you jump you typically don't want
to be standing on your board like this
so there we go
if that was the first I've done that
awesome if not I'm still happy I did it
get over here man knocking man yo lo am
I going to build a new Daisy
there's no wait
see
I've said this time trying croutons to
me
that it I never know with manuals if I
scraped or not I think my foot hand
maybe just I don't want any ministry I
want to just do it
thousand oh my gosh it was hard
I'm terrible manuals was good it was one
of the more fun manuals my life I think
I'm done I got to go to Brian Eames
office and eat some super hot lollipop
so the first thing you want to do after
you this way the last thing I want to do
I'm going to I'm going to cool down for
example thank you guys for watching this
I'm going to put all of Blues house
social medias right down below so you
can check them out we live in the South
Carolina area Columbia to be specific go
check them out say what's up and didn't
do you guys want see more videos from me
to subscribe button is right down there
it's free to hit and you get more videos
all the time I'm going to go wish me
luck on this good look I don't want
anything on it's like the hottest day of
the world apparently so maybe you should
just keep the shirt
this is handed down something that I
want to set up again my driveway as a
kid
I'm guarantee there's a kid who has this
exact about his house right now I mean
this isn't bad but it's like it takes so
much weirdness to get to it if you drive
up
