so we're in the middle of Ohio not even
yeah we're not even in the middle by we
barely little bit and Max and dollar are
buying shirts with animals on it because
they're weird let's go we're pretty good
though yeah dude like what do you bite
into them they're like this picture song
do you do you work for skittles is this
commercial skittles let's forget their
cheese four wheels moves the body 18
wheels moves the soul spirit whatever
god bless it
we are in love part guys AK the most
famous skate spot of all time AK you get
shot in the face of you skate here
Tyler hey going my name is Timothy oh
what's your bad day yeah I said you look
not skinny oh my sure you were born for
this this is what you this is what you
do sure it wasn't geez right now doing
what I'm filming yeah all right this
money we're just tie be a little weird I
warm up in the morning it was like you
too what's up guys we're here about
forgetting just be going for the
decoration using you know with the first
24 coupons for both our free sandwiches
that's yours what's up guys we are at
Black Diamond skate park in new jersey
which is kind of close to Philadelphia
Stadium Kari gets and he's shredding but
right now you got west with an ollie
yes
let's watch that right now
haha it was a dude you're right he's
just scared yeah but
okay 30
so when you come to Philadelphia you
gotta skip
yeah least I'm gonna SiC montage of fall
yeah at least we have a sick montage of
me being not sick when we're still here
oh oh
Wow
you
Oh
oh my gosh alright guys so it's no
secret revenge has been skating
philadelphia the last couple years i
myself have been there four times and
every time there it's just it's a great
time i love that city and the reason i
made this video is because i didn't get
a chance to use all of the footage from
the may trip in we armage 20 so I was
like all right well I'll make this video
like it was like a director's cut and
then I had some footage from our trip
last month at the end of februari and I
threw that in there too so hope you guys
liked it there's definitely some new
footage you haven't seen in this one Tom
but the last two times I've been there
I've been fortunate enough to skate with
Kari gets he's nice enough to meet up
with us and you know hang out and the
last time I was there I got a chance to
sit down with him and talk to you about
some things anyway it was just crazy
because I've been watching this guy
skate and following his career since I
was 14 once when I started skating and
and like I was all sudden sin their
widest at his MO and mini ramp talking
to him and skating with him but it was
really refreshing because you know I
imagine a lot of pros out there um get
kind of like lost in the money the media
just like what it is to be like a
professional skateboarder but with with
Carrie it's not like that at all like he
just feels like you know one of the
dudes and he threw everything that's
happened he is definitely still one
hundred percent pure skateboarder he has
like the well-being of skateboarding on
mind you know like that's that's what he
cares about is like you know being true
to skateboarding and that was really
awesome to see but I'm not going to get
to mush you guys I promise I'm gonna do
a giveaway though guys I like to give
back to you guys my youtube channel and
this giveaway is for everyone in the
Philadelphia area it well I guess it's
open to the whole world but you'd have
to be really determined to win this if
you lived everywhere else but there's a
skate shop in Philadelphia caught
nocturnal Sketchup it's actually owned
by
carey against and it's been there for
over 10 years the new great things for
this gate community and I stopped in on
my last trip and I was like Carrie I'm
gonna do something but here's a free
revenge deck you know you can sell this
at nocturnal and i also bought this love
park you know the white love park
nocturnal tea so um I can't wear this
and I was like I might as well give it
away online right so how you win this is
you when you need a deck make a stop at
nocturnal and the first person to buy
that revenge deck and hold it up and
take a picture of them holding them up
holding the deck up in nocturnal post
that picture on our Facebook and the
first person do that we'll get this
revenge téa this love park nocturnal
tea but i'll actually have a throw-in
revenge téa you guys will get this
nocturnal tu get our revenge tea and
I'll throw some stickers and some
goodies a nice little package forever
the first person who ever buy that deck
so that's my way of kind of giving back
to the world of Philadelphia but yeah
I'm gonna go I've been talking for way
too long I do have one more thing to say
so you guys know love park is in
Philadelphia and to me that will always
be the most famous skate spot of all
time unfortunately there's rumors that
is going to be destroyed this year with
City Hall of another famous skate spot
just got erased from downtown I I don't
think that's a rumor I think it's
actually happening love park will not
last another year unfortunately and I
was there I was like this is the last
time I'm gonna I'm probably gonna be
here so i might as well take piece of it
with me boom this is a piece of love
park in fact like the forced air that
has the ledge going out next to the
welcome center this is like the slab of
concrete right before it um they were
they were breaking it up for something i
don't know what they were doing don't
know who did it but this piece was just
laying in the empty spot where that
where that piece of tile used to be and
so I mean imagine how many tricks have
been done after rolling over this piece
of granite and I saw it and I was like
I'm taking that with me and I mean this
is like this is the bit one of the
coolest things ever to me having a piece
of actual love pork but i just want to
share that with you guys I'm pretty
psyched on this so um I will talk to you
later subscribe or die no no see I
thought of things my videos my through
this it would like destroyed my entire
room and when you can't throw love park
who would thrill of part
stupid girl L and you guys no idea what
does joo gots a to fox know like when
you're playing bad ninjas way on the
Duke but in the spin around are you
doing oh okay so you just say that look
stupid right now all right
you
