YouTube what is up guys so you may be
wondering why Andy is sitting here
talking in a third-person twirling a
knife with a baton or whatever I'm doing
with this thing and it's very simple
it's an obvious answer I don't know why
you guys would even asked because
obviously I'm gonna do an unboxing of
the PlayStation Vita but when I did an
unboxing of the Nintendo 3ds I said I
was gonna do one for this when it came
out and Here I am I got my hands on it I
know it's a little bit after launch but
you know I've been busy I've been having
my firstborn child I'm a dad now and
when you're a dad you can do things like
be late for opening up a PlayStation
Vita so if you want to check out what
she's got hang out with me and uh let's
let's do this let's open it so here it
is the first thing I noticed was that
the box is a little smaller than I
imagined I didn't think I was gonna be
huge or anything but it's just I know
it's just a nice little square box the
front is obviously as you see it shows
the system the sides are pretty pretty
basic
nice-looking though and then the back
has a couple screenshots of some games
and then a basic shot on the system and
some stats and this is in two different
languages of course because God forbid
they make a box for each country but
pretty standard stuff it's a nice
presentation and let's count down to the
fun stuff and this is where my knife
comes in because I don't like to pull
the sticker off and rip the box I like
to keep my boxes for some reason and I
had to cut the stickers off I probably
should be doing this with a razor blade
but steak knives work awesome when you
become a dad you start using steak
knives for everything make sure you made
that up apparently I'm not that bright
because it's not pulling out too easy so
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna cut this
one so boom I have successfully figured
out how to open this thing
it folds out that's pretty neat I
thought it was gonna be like a sliding
thing it's not first thing I see is is
some papers I don't know what is this AR
play cards which have to do with you
know merging our world with the video
game world so I'll get into that later I
want to actually see what stuff has
there's more papers there's a Quick
Start Guide and there's the French
version the guide the MS Larocque
actually you know I used to take French
I should know how to pronounce that
comfortably but um so this is what
you're looking at guys and had the
papers right here and this is in the
system this is gonna pull it out showing
us the parts of the charger unit here's
the cord for the charging unit and a it
looks like an HDMI cord actually like
two USB I don't know I'll figure that
out of the second and here is the
PlayStation Vita this is gonna be this
is gonna be one of those devices that
just like you're gonna your fingerprints
on you like a hot sauce pretty as much
anymore it's late by the way I might be
like saying random things that don't
make sense
hey so here is the system it is very
sleek looking and really light you know
for it's it's a little bigger than the
PSP so I expected let me be kind of
heavier but it's not it feels really
comfortable all the buttons are easy to
touch and get to it you know it feels
like it makes sense if you may there's
two analog sticks of course which is
awesome you deep hat is up here your
classic play switch buttons there down
here is your selected start and then
over here is your PlayStation home key
the top has the L&R buttons of course
and also there's the volume buttons
right there and then these things will
come out a lot you know very similar to
the where the PlayStation ports came out
as has a little plastic thing holding
them so you don't lose it or or whatever
you're gonna do with it and then so this
is gonna be for your memory card which
I'll get to in a second and then this is
gonna be for your game cartridge I do
not have a game cartridge there's
nothing right now that I really wanted
to buy so I was just gonna download some
games and then I was crazy when I
thought this was HDMI this is actually
just the charger plugs right in there
and then it's up to the box and then the
box
to the core core ducts in the wall and
boom you had anything so you know there
has to be three pieces to a power cord
everyone knows that but yeah this is
pretty cool the um that's the front
screen is very big as you can clearly
see and then the back has a touch
sensitive pad the screen on front is
touch sensitive as well but it's kind of
cool that both sides are so uh you know
I'm like I'm looking forward to see how
they'll incorporate that into games but
it it feels really cool and um I'm gonna
boot it up and I'm gonna mess with it
and I'll get back to you and tell you
how it is so see you in a second alright
so I got my hands on it and it is quite
the machine as most people are gonna
wonder the graphics the graphics are
amazing and you know I've heard a lot of
people say that it's better than the ps3
and I have to say it does rival and it
when it comes to graphics this is a nice
looking machine the touch screen works
really well as does the back I played a
few demos here and there I didn't get
any games there's nothing that I really
want right now and but you know I
watched some of the demos on here and I
downloaded a couple from the store and
it's it looks awesome guys this is the
Wi-Fi model it's 250 you need the 3G
model for a little bit more but the
Wi-Fi is perfect for me and yeah I
cannot wait to get my hands on this a
little more that's the trick in my life
is actually getting time to play with
this thing one thing I do want to point
out is that the memory I thought it went
in here like like I mentioned how the
PSP had ports like this well it actually
goes in down here there's a little thing
that comes undone and I got to show you
this this is how big the memory cards
are for this thing and this is really
small I think there should be a roll and
look in the length electronics world
that if you could safely digest a piece
of whatever it probably should be bigger
like I feel like if I just breathed in
too deeply right now I would
accidentally swallow this but uh yeah
it's a really tiny I can't believe they
put eight gigs on this and you can get
these in like in larger amounts which is
crazy but it goes right in the bottom
there and pretty cool guys so this is
the PlayStation Vita
if you
you know if you're into mobile gaming
this is probably the one you want it's
it's one yeah like I said it is one
amazing machine so that's it guys I hope
you guys like that once in a while you
know when I get gadgets and whatnot I
will do some unboxing videos but for now
you probably won't see another one for a
while I am going to go it's 4:30 in the
morning I was supposed to clean up
around here a lot well Brittany I'm
sorry I'm not going to clean up I'm just
gonna go to bed so until next time guys
subscribe or die literally just kidding
kidding I'm gonna threaten you guys with
a knife ever again
or will I
you
