all right so in parking lots there are
lines okay and normal people they parked
inside those lines because that's what
you're supposed to do but how many times
have you seen some ring ding parking
like this all right I get it you have an
expensive car and you do not want it
scratched or dented or damaged anyway
but here's a newsflash okay people that
do not have expensive cars still do not
want their cars smashed or dented or
scratched all right it's not like they
that they're driving they're like you
know what my car's not a hundred
thousand dollars I'm gonna park in this
spot because I don't care if that
five-year-old smashes his door into mind
and damages it no everyone who has cars
does not want their car damaged okay in
fact if you have an expensive car you
should be able to afford to touch up the
paint if something gets scratched on
there what not okay in fact I have a
solution for you all right if you buy
your $100,000 car and you don't want it
hurt hire some wingman or get some
friends to drive their car wherever you
go and park right next to you okay
because if I'm parking run driving into
a parking lot and I see you parked like
a freaking ring ding I'm gonna be like
oh you're an idiot but I'm I see you in
a normal spot with your buddies next to
it in their car just standing Sentinel
like you will not park next to this car
because we do not want to scratch
they'll be like you know what Will Smith
I do not want it I do not want to do
that so thank you I will go park another
spot and not make fun of you on the
Internet that's what that is a good
solution one thing I've always been
confused about is the fact that the
people of the United States are called
Americans ok people in Canada they're
Canadians people in Mexico they're
Mexicans ok but the people the United
States are Americans I don't know if
you've seen a globe before but there's a
lot of America to go around there's
North America there's Central America
and there's South America that's like
almost half of the whole world is
Americans ok but yet the United States
people we really have true Americans so
I don't know when twin that formed but
that's kind of ridiculous ok why don't
we call the United States ian's cuz
that's a lot catch here right that
Americans nope no it's not there are
some products out there that just have
to make you think like who in the world
named this ok I was washing my hands in
the bathroom the other day go figure
and I saw this
what in the world makes this soap
luxurious I mean like are you just
sitting there like oh my gosh I feel
spoiled washing my hands I feel like the
sultan in Aladdin you know I just like
like honestly like were they sitting at
a table like what should we name our
soap guys the the suits in New York or
like um I say we say luxury hand soap
luxury hand soap and they were all no
one said no to that it was like yeah
Jim's got the best idea here that is
ridiculous and other day at the hospital
I saw this sign boom
multi-purpose spoons what other purpose
are you gonna use a spoon for okay or
than eating or like because some you
know maybe like you're making
ingredients for me or something it's
it's it you don't use spoons it's like
you know like I need to scratch my back
where's the spoon you don't say that
spoons or spoons who in the world
thought to put multi-purpose in front of
the spoons like just say no you can use
these spoons anyway we don't care
they're here for you whatever you want
to do with them as ridiculous that is
stupid not even gonna talk about it I am
gonna talk about this okay because who
would buy a smart card thing looks
ridiculous this is the only thing that I
can just see in an immediately makes you
mad okay and I'm a happy dude I'm like
driving along I'm like man I love life
this is just like the best thing ever
boom smart card I do not love life I
want to push myself in the face I don't
know why I just I just in it and if you
drive a smart car it's nothing personal
I just think you made a really bad
decision okay
I mean one time I saw a wind-up toy in
the back like that person thought it was
funny
like like oh it's like a little micro
machine let's put a windup thing on the
back people will laugh no people not
laugh people want to trip your car and
they probably can because it's so dinky
and small in fact there are a lot of
cars these days they're just making me
like think like what the heck is up with
the world of automobiles because they're
looking stupid or stupid or someone some
of my shoe boxes
I saw a van there and it looked like a
child's drawing of a boot I was like my
gosh we need to somebody needs to
revitalize the automobile industry and
I'm just just don't plus I'm done
talking about smart cars okay that's
just that'sthat's what I'm trying to
talk about right now is that smart cars
I can't I'm gonna keep oh my gosh
alright this next one is a doozy guys
okay and I didn't actually come up with
it myself a girl I don't present
Facebook Haley Jackson said in a post
and they kind of like open my mind I was
like oh my gosh so thank you for this
one Haley and say you're in a bathroom
okay in a public bathroom doing whatever
you do in a bathroom and you're looking
around and there's writing everywhere
you know on the stalls the walls okay it
says like Henry wants to kill Jake or
Tracy will do you or boobs are for tubes
but it says a bunch of random gross
weird stuff right have you ever actually
thought about how that gets there okay
that means you either had a Sharpie in
your pocket to write stuff or you made
the conscious effort that's saying like
you know what I want to write someone
else well I'm gonna go get a sharpie and
come back that's really weird and a
grand said I'm I know there are a few
people that have sharpies in their
pockets right you know occasionally
randomly that that will happen but the
amount of stuff that is written on a
bathroom wall in a lot of places does
not justify those random people okay so
it kind of scares me to think that
there's actually people that have
sharpies in their pockets for riding on
stuff like the bathroom wall okay but
either way if you're riding on a
bathroom wall it's kind of weird when
you think about it you know you actually
have to like put some effort into it be
prepared or you gotta put some effort to
come back to that bathroom to write
something on the wall okay
that's and you know if I ever met a
person like I can't imagine a guy like
seeing like hey man totally wrote that
on that wall in there I'd be like oh you
were one of those people kinda you are
weird
you were weirdo makes you think doesn't
it alright so that is the end guys that
was my five stupid things the second one
I've done if you watching are the first
one the bailing at the end this video if
you want me to keep up this is the
second one you guys really like the
first one if you want me to keep this
series go and go down and give a thumbs
up but um I am done you guys like my
ranting there I'm gonna go back to being
a happy person now
I felt I don't know maybe I was I wasn't
I'm not unhappy I wasn't uh what am I
trying to say here I'm getting myself
into a corner so here's the Triceratops
subscribe or die yeah
I've always been confused about is the
pack is the pack but all right shut up
you shut up
I should have we all showed up let's go
