you
youtube what is up guys so this video is
about Orion truck says you proudly have
already figured out by now um but yeah
I've been following Orion on facebook
for months now and I contacted them a
little while ago and I was like hey you
know I I used to have a pair of Ryan
trucks back in the day and I really
liked them I'm definitely a good part of
my next complete I put together and
they're like you know what Andy we will
do one better we will send you a pair
and I was like all right well if you
send me a pair i'm gonna make a video
about it because i like to return the
favor right and uh so yeah they sent me
the trucks and the footage you just saw
was uh was the first like 10 minutes of
me skating their trucks it was really
cold that day so I'm sorry I wasn't
doing the normal inward heelflip front
crook nollie flip-out but I put those
trick tricks together real fast and have
a lot of time to film it so the trucks
they sent me are these these are the
Clint Peterson Orion SP ones and the
first thing I notice about these trucks
might put them on is that that my board
felt really light I was like man I like
this they do have a hollowed-out kingpin
so that definitely helps it's a little
dark I can't see it but it is hollowed
out and um it's put together really well
you know feel solid my favorite thing
about these trucks are the bushings okay
usually when I get a new pair of trucks
I have to buy bushings like better
bushings and put them in because you
know I just can't get up tight enough or
like when I land on impact and I'm just
like the truck will stay to one side and
I gotta like bend it like it kind of
smushed the bushings back but these like
I put the the trucks on that was
immediately it felt like it was broken
in it was fantastic like if I was like
finally a pair of trucks that come with
bushings that aren't ridiculous so like
you gotta see you put them on and it's
just like you're good to go so that's
definitely my favorite thing about Orion
trucks so I'm really psyched to you know
get my time out of these trucks trucks
usually last me a while so I'll be
skating these for a while and I'm pretty
psyched on it so yeah guys next time
you're putting a complete together you
will not regret making around trucks a
part of that they've been around awhile
you know they've had skating's back for
a long time now so it's awesome to
support companies like that they are
true skateboarding truck company and I
have an extra goodie in this video guys
they sent me a white shirt and when I'm
you know talking to companies at least a
first I don't be like hey by the way I
wear red red shirts and only red shirts
because they'll think i'm a weirdo and
then if they ask why I like well I can't
they're really gonna think I'm a ding
ding so I wasn't actually expecting a
shirt I was just expecting the trucks
but they sent me a shirt as well and I
was like all right well I'm gonna turn
around and give this to someone on
youtube so um if you want a chance to
win this shirt all you have to do is go
like their facebook and tell them I sent
you there'll be a URL at the end the
video there's a link right down there
just click it like the page and say Andy
sent me Pandi schrock sent me be
creative with it I don't care what so
come monday the fifth March fifth I will
go through and I'll pick a random person
that said that and I will get your
information and i will send you this
shirt guys so yeah chance to win a
chance to win a free shirt and you know
you got some some pretty skate footage
so uh that's it more scabby just come
and I usually throw things across the
room but i really want to throw things
i'll break something so no I'm no I'm
not gonna there dear no no it's I'm
really practicing self-control not to
throw these I'm gonna put it down I'm
gonna walk away better guys through
something
really afraid that was gonna hit my
laptop that's how my life would work it
would be like boom boom what over here
boom broke that flow over there boom
broke something else came back give me
the head boom i'm dead last one you ever
did goodbye
