hey what's up guys you know there's
people that walk aimlessly and don't
even look where they're going because
they're just involved in their cell
phone I'm gonna be that dude today let's
do this
come
YouTube what's up guys in the case you
have your volume all the way down or you
just plain deaf boom now you can read
what I just said and I would like to
point out that I use I just wrote that
with my left hand look how good that is
okay
and you should know that I wrote down
the left hand because logically deducing
it's written my right hand so I either
had to use my left hand or my mouth and
I'm not a weirdo so I use my left hand
but honestly how many times you guys
seen somebody do something stupid
because they weren't paying attention
because they were on their cell phone
texting or twittering or calling their
mommy right I mean granted I'm not
completely innocent on this zone out my
cell phone sometimes but there's a time
and place for everything like when
you're talking to someone like right now
I'm talking to you guys I'm not gonna
get on my phone right now and tell Sally
that I'm gonna meet up with her for
lunch in fact I do not know any SAP in
to all Sally's I cannot meet up with you
for lunch I'm sorry but I'm doing it
YouTube video right now I'm not gonna
get on my cell phone right but I got the
idea for this prank video and it's a
miracle that it came out as good as it
did and I'm not saying it's the best
prank ever it definitely could have been
better but when I got done filming the
sessions I was like man I was like I
just don't feel that good about this
prank but when I sat down edit it all
together I was like no that's I think I
think people are getting a laugh on this
so uh I think this has potential if you
guys want me to do another one go down
there and give it a thumbs up and I you
know next time I'll get some some maybe
multiple camera angles I'll definitely
get some mics I need to get a lavalier
mic so you can hear what people are
saying around me and then um and just
you know I'll get better at smacking my
face in two stop signs because I didn't
practice it believe it or not I just
walked out there and started runnin
things but in my prank world the next
prank I'm gonna be working on is the
fast food idiot three and if you guys
have not seen any fast food idiots
they'll be the link to the most recent
fast food idiot at the end of this video
so watch out for that and
yeah
Oh
yeah I don't care at all
you
