what's up guys so we have a new type of
skate video for you today he's going to
get 30 minutes to film some tricks and
I'm gonna get 30 minutes some tricks
we're gonna see who has the better
footage but here's the catch I'm going
to be skating his board he's going to be
skating my board he has an eight and a
quarter and loose trucks and I have an
eight inch board with tight truck so
this is gonna be fun at the end of the
video you're going to realize that tight
trucks are better no not at all when
you're up first so let's do this you got
your neck have your deck Oh every trick
I'm going to land is going so sketchy I
fell it doesn't hurt as much with thai
trucks that's all that's it
I don't even know what an escape I guess
I'll skate that stupid rail
do tricks
oh I got it dude I got to give it on
that that's good even even with my board
with it's easier with my board but that
was really good yeah I don't think so
this thing is like a magic carpet with
loose lug nuts that does that let's just
go
Wow I was hard yeah I was that was
really tough dude it's fun though so uh
who do you think who think one of this
stuff I don't know you're a manual that
manuals hard does your leg or something
anyway so guys who do you think won Alex
Randy go put in the comments below and
if you like this video tell us and we'll
do more if I'm with different
skateboarders like maybe like Geoff
Rowley and Jamie Thomas kidding we don't
actually know them what if we did but if
we did we would try to get him to do it
so tell us we like it and subscribe or
this camera is heavy alright guys this
is the part of the video where you head
over to network age channel and
subscribe and make sure you tell them I
sent you actually like I said I'm better
for you see that video that just popped
up click that and you'll head over to
network is channel and watch some
awesome footage film by Nigel do that by
midnight and your crush will kiss you
tomorrow actually I'm just kidding
network isn't on a chain letter network
day is an action sports network I
definitely check it out and subscribe
guys and tell them I sent you good bye
you
