what's up guys
so I'm doing a day-in-the-life today and
it's about 10:30 I got a late today
because I didn't get to sleep till 3:00
in the morning and that is the most
sleep I've gotten in a little while but
I'm gonna start out my day like any dude
should with some good cereal you know
there's a handful of the best cereals
ever and this is one of them so I'm
going to check my internet sites and eat
some some toast crunch
Oh mark Owens and Nikki Montel like my
status boom that is the way you start
your morning autograph and everything
and I'm in your head first task of the
day is to paint the baby's room and my
good pal mark told me to have had to
wear this hat he has got a matching one
yes you do need to oh yeah so
boom phase one of the baby room is done
and now I'm gonna go get some video work
done with Alex goodbye baby room alright
we are here at Alex's House and when I
said I'm going to do video work today I
meant I'm going up to film some videos
but I'm not going to sit at a computer
and actually do video editing or
anything
I didn't mean to fully on that one Alex
doing a day-in-the-life today bud and
you got a haircut I got a haircut and
Emma say hi to YouTube
say hi YouTube you got a playroom
you got a jump rope do i what you want
me to do the jump rope oh wow you're
doing it you are totally jump roping
Emma have you ever seen a daddy do the
jump rope is he good at it you're pretty
good at it what is that thing some dude
just gave us this board gave it to us
gave look at this truck it's on the
backwards bass quit this is for your
body this is this it don't don't give in
to temptation by watching us eat this
okay but hmm you eating a carrot are ya
you are eating that's a hot dog where
did you get a hot dog cat ah all
freaking kitty
Oh cat eating a hot dog that's kind of
weird okay we are here at the revenge
headquarters and I need to pick up these
Orion trucks because I'm following a
video for Ojai on trucks and somebody go
to my local skate park and film some
skateboarding with these trucks you got
the tools I got all right are you all
ingestion nope I was there Leah
Springwater
no you were deeper that
you actually do have that all right I
believe you
I believe me now no pizza you ordered
pizza at the skate park when it's like
20 degrees off you tip him that would
have been a great video all right so
that's what me way too long to get done
but I got a couple tricks for the Orion
video and they're just like kind of like
some pretty close-up shots that look
neat so don't be expecting like the best
tricks ever because they're kind of the
tricks I do on an everyday basis but we
got that done with and we're going to
try to skate for you guys now we're
going to go to the under the bridge park
in new form
haha
alright guys so skating is done I'm back
at my house right now I have to shower
real quick get dressed and then drive
across town to meet up with my lady and
spend time with the little dude so to
speed up all that I'm gonna do a little
bit of this I'm at the hospital now see
that was a lot faster you didn't have to
watch me taking a shower all that fun
stuff and drive it but uh I'm on the
hospital so that means it is baby
footage time let's go in here guys
hey buddy you need to wake up and say
how do you do oh I can't believe you
opened eyes and just just so you guys
know my son sleeps 23 and a half hours
of the day hold on
Lori's awake it's adorable that look on
his face like what is going on No
all right so big time is over and the
lady and I are going to go to one of our
favorite restaurants because we've got a
gift certificate that we need to use and
we're going to have a hot date
you ready fart nobody's watching that
kiss let's have it I had my house
and that's about nothing great other
people in what you doing filming in the
elevator II you guys can't tell but we
are totally sitting on the ground at
this restaurant it's their thing yes I
do it in Thailand it's Britney this food
is awesome about to eat the face out of
this it's gonna be so good
and boom I am back here at my house it's
10 o'clock at night and for the rest of
the evening I am going to edit videos
that are coming out this week including
this one I got to put all this together
that's going to be a lot and then while
I'm doing that the lady and I are going
to watch the lost it's your first time
watching it so I'm pretty psyched on
that so uh yes and then I get to do a
whole bunch of things like this tomorrow
so hope you guys enjoyed it this is the
fifth day in the life I've done I'll be
back and do more in the future there is
a bonus clip at the end of this it's
it's it's mildly entertaining so watch
it
I know that note guys subscribe or die
goodbye
whoa should not do that welcome
Cincinnati where it is always 10 degrees
and everyone everyone don't say 10
degrees is warm if you think 10 degrees
is warm you go by Celsius so which would
be negative 12 degrees for you so no 10
degrees is not it's not warm in
Cincinnati in Ohio in the US the u.s. MA
cool it's little oh I just my nose no
split my trucks away let's do this
you
