water bottle king of vitamins aka desk
baseball home run but what's up guys
about time I do an update video right I
mean really need to try to fill you in
how insane my life is right now I as you
guys know I became a dad here is picture
of my son ridin he's the cutest little
dude ever I am so excited and proud to
be a father is unreal
but he's premature you know he's doing
absolutely amazing he's doing great but
since he's early he has to stay in the
hospital for a while so he won't be home
till mid-march which makes my schedule
insane because I drive across town every
day to see him and I'm still working a
second job at night but honestly videos
are doing so well that I'm almost to the
point where I'm not going to need that
second job so thank you guys for
watching my videos and sharing them and
all that it's really helping me and my
family out dances I'm talking about my
little dude here's a small clip of him
the other day he cracks a smile it's
pretty rad boom Brighton can you say
YouTube what's up
but outside the baby world there is the
revenge world and it's going awesome
with revenge there's actually a lot of
things going on right now and it's kind
of hard to manage sometimes but I'm
doing my best and I have help with from
Sam and Alex and they are tremendous
help so thank you guys one thing we've
done recently is we got some new
graphics in ok here is our stressed deck
this is obviously it's Jesse's at he's
at the bottom of the handrail I mean
like oh my gosh it just can't land this
trick so anyone can relate to that right
um it has an awesome shape it's a really
crisp tough board so we fully backed
this it's on our online store if you
want to check it out and we also got a
new shirt in it's a double sided shirt
you have your just focus graphic here at
the bottom hip I mean girls are gonna
see that and they're gonna be like oh my
gosh Katie you know what they say about
guys with graphics on their hip and
Katie's gonna be like no I don't know
what they say about guys with graphics
on their head but they're gonna be think
it's mysterious and they're gonna be
like want to date you and go to prom
with you and go to get a a meal and
dinner why alright look at the back of
the shirt it says we want revenge so
that's pretty cool when you're skating
and you're doing a line but we gonna be
like oh my gosh you got once revenge and
he just did a hardflip regrind no a
three foot pout so yeah I'm psyched on
this er I'm done telling stories about
it but unfortunately it's only in black
I cannot wear it there's no not one in
red just yet that's also on our store
you can check that out we're getting
some new life line decks red and blue
back in stock next week so watch out for
that and oh we are avenged 20 came out
and it's doing really well and I
actually have something to talk about it
about I don't oh my gosh I'm gonna keep
going so at the end of the video I will
chat about that but right now I'm going
on to the next part of the video alright
guys so I have felt kind of cornered in
the videos I've been doing lately I've
been so busy just pumping out videos
that I feel like I haven't done a
diverse set of videos that I normally do
on my channel you know like especially
in the past I've always been on top of
doing skits like weird things in my room
alone like just off-the-wall stuff and
I'm gonna try to make it a point to
start doing those like once every two
weeks because I really want my channel I
don't want it to be one-sided I wanted
to like kinda splay Who I am more so
than just like this one piece of my life
so I've kind of made a list of things
that I am gonna be working on here in
the near future I actually I have a new
public prank video I've never had any
plans on toning down on playing pranks I
want to do more of them but I started
filming a new one like a couple weeks
ago three weeks ago and the weather's
been pretty bad I haven't had a chance
or time to go out and film the rest of
it but within two to three weeks I hope
to have it done in all my channels so
watch out for that it's it's pretty
entertaining it's it's pretty cool when
after I get that done I'm gonna start
working on fast food idiot three so
watch out for those I do I want to do a
new skit and I'll probably do the TR
show too if you guys remember the first
one if you don't you can go search it up
on YouTube but yeah I have it written
and ready to go I just need to make some
time and film it and then I'm also doing
a new 5 stupid things I didn't I didn't
really feel I didn't felt unsure about
that video but when I posted it everyone
was going was telling me how awesome and
funny was so I will keep doing that
series as well this does not mean I'm
gonna be doing less catering at all in
fact there's gonna be more skateboarding
coming at you so there's gonna be more
videos in general coming so don't panic
skateboarding is going nowhere on my
channel I'm just gonna try to mix it up
and here is where I talk about we want
revenge 20 alright so if you haven't
seen it go check it out it's on my page
but it's done really well so far and
it's easily the team's favorite episode
we had a lot of fun making it but we're
actually gonna use this video for a
couple different things first off we're
gonna take it and use it as a model to
pitch TV show to some networks but we
will talk later about that and we'll
fill you in on our Facebook and
everything but right now we're actually
using it to enter a contest where we can
win a Canon 60d and that is an awesome
camera which we could really use to help
film for our full-length skate revenge
video so if you guys could please help
us out there's a link right in the
underbar okay just click it it's gonna
take you to their Facebook page which
little looks a little something like
this
go ahead and like the page for one but
towards the top of the page it's gonna
say everyone in parentheses most recent
click that and scroll down until you
find where we have posted we want
revenge 20 and click the like button
that is it if it gets enough likes then
it's gonna move on to the finals where a
panel of judges will will you know pick
a winner so I think we have a really
good chance on winning this you know we
are avenged kind of kind of captures
what it's like to you know just hang out
with your friends and have fun
skateboarding so I mean if we win this
camera it will really really help us out
in filming for our full-length you know
video skate revenge so if you guys could
please do that I would be eternally
grateful that's really all I am going to
say in this video right now please click
the link like the page and then like we
want revenge 20 it will mean the world
to us and we will have a party video if
we win the camera we'll have a fun
session with the camera the first time I
get it so uh thank you guys you guys
like I've said before are the best
subscribers in the world and I cannot
thank you guys enough for all the
support you've shown me so um yeah I am
going to go and there's bloopers the end
of this watch out for a fairly big
announcement in a couple days and then
we have a Josh Kats revenge commercial
this weekend good bye subscribe or die
brought that from the past I just my
didn't make sense good later
annotated to my schedule well you know
did you think your computer froze cos
didn't ha ice what's up I know my whole
YouTube just I'm gonna get more to that
in a second so how about you just talk
for 18 years how about how many seconds
is this talk next week so be able to
look at look out for that cutter eight
more times in this video I probably
could I probably could I probably could
I probably ought why repeating yourself
thing I I enjoy myself when I do these
videos some pass but that's the Facebook
that's the Facebook is the freaking
Facebook who is this if it's a if it's
even Alex this is his time happening
right now like we owe me Sam and Alex
are kind of the the puppeteers of
everything and just hurts just every
every time I think about it's like
