warehouse wins that Oh boom
where's it going oh my gosh you actually
know Jaime Reggie it is such a terrible
gross day out this is not raining
anymore that's true we're doing a
warehouse ones that we hold the care and
the giver to him - Casey the Casey's got
a bunch of bad I don't because he has a
camera it's your warehouse Wednesday I
know it's just Chuck I know it's going
to suck all right you're warming up
three flip trick to grind combinations
why would I do that because you can do
that and we've a small box I feel like
you're going to use a large would be so
easy on those I feel your you we should
get rid of that box it's great Alex but
it's just a crutch now it really is it's
like you just want to get that Oh a
little baby box mystery channel and I
can did and then your have to do a 540
flip it's gonna be off the banker here
to do it and I haven't done in a while
you're doing to flex your bank edge ran
the wedge ramp okay you're doing the
flex your weirdo I have to go over stuff
like I can never in a million years I
just never scalable web never done I've
never done it over anything I don't
think maybe I have and I can't let
person I have to skate over some here to
a 540 foot I know I do you agreed to 10
minutes do you agree to this do i ger do
it I'm not doing it you're doing it
you're doing it I'll just see if I can
switch it around the house I'm having
anyways I'm just to do it
okay tracking all that crap right so no
just just reword you three flip straight
grind combos true mr. challenge true and
540 flip off of the ramp the ramp that's
it yep how long have you Tim I said ten
minutes I'm going to make meetups and
ten minutes okay all right all right I'm
blown warehouse one just for a long time
now I don't remember last time I won one
you're gonna do this one I've no idea
hey can I hit but it's been a long time
and I'm not I haven't skated I hit the
ball over the or the building no why
okay really you got a mr. challenge I
don't prepared you're doing it look at
that box look at that box it's it's so
big all on us is Oh like I thought this
was like a five-inch box it's eight
inches I know it just does that does not
make it any taller though there's a
circle doesn't look eight inches but you
put an eight inch deck up next to it
it's just a do capable principie I was
making for 150 not a lazy man's trick
what do you want I'll do it I'm gonna
I'll be an honorable guy but that's not
a lazy everyone thing go back five so
you got don't be easy last time we are
very few a caterpillar article knows
ones next stop we're just first part of
the day ever
I don't know how I'll stay locked into
that France terrible you guys having
batches a terrible thing they don't pay
attention to the video at all but a
kickflip I thought I got to choose me oh
I'm doing a five oh I'm going up in
history because that's dumb I just did a
hoarder trick that I'm back seven DVD
you did it if I'm gonna do it first try
case you keep the cake and talk but I'm
gonna do the first try keep it going
ACK the monkeys not gonna do it
yeah you did it it was pretty it was a
balanced rival with a dragon final yeah
but it was sure I'm gonna do again do a
better one but I did do a first try you
did he's now to be hero
that was good one you don't grant
capable crew I can try it it's been a
second for this one
Wow pop we've got not the longest in the
world as we clean it I'm a short guide
today you all my crimes were just like
that
that's okay I ready for your mystery
challenge I don't know how it's going to
go going to be good though I think if
this works related throw the ball
trampoline you're gonna hit it in an
Alex market attention keeps filming me
where the outfield so we're going to all
right it's weird to throw this one in
turn around give you a first try better
than he did run your oh my god you look
first time I swung I did it too good the
knee across where I won it out whoo it's
not to say about it if I have to throw
switch to do it like I said I'm pretty
good at this I don't want to be cocky
but I'm great baseball buddies I'm not
good oh goodness
this is young complete all right for you
pull away freedom
the wrench gave us this bat too Thank
You red thank you very much we really
got it in my cart too but well if I go I
got to do a three foot first but I'll do
it on my time
so get your tongue twister out time
twister it's a magic card serious set a
timer for 10 minutes okay 10 minutes
account you're going now go no that's a
hot
I looked into the future and today is a
good day to 540 but I feel good about it
you too I think you give me three times
of 3 plus on lifetime whatever
Oh ugly he felt good until it was ugly
thank you 41 seconds well yeah because I
was just going around that's the thing I
got I like slow down because being
coming off of a cold
I just feel my stamina out there I'll be
chopped I do this though watch it how
does it probably be double I think I
don't know like a double of micro wave
like a single we're gonna find out
well I'll give you $20 you owe me $20 if
you go first rock yeah it's just a good
bet payout situation
oh he's going to either have MS lemon
she's going for it he has committed
he's absolutely harvesting committee
she's gotta play easier - diliman Wow
double is for sure Oh 748
oh you've got 6 minutes and 18 seconds
left he's not even halfway to the top
I've actually of high hopes gnarly
pretty pessimistic
I'm optimist yeah you the hair under
cannot me good for you guys
Oh
the Engel journal advantage just like
come and smash my coat I crunched it
kinda so you can even tell me what
happens if I don't do this so you okay
I'm going to make myself feel okay get
three minutes and 50 seconds I think
we're it's going to be a happy drink
miss Madeline during something oh yeah
at the end of it is definitely
definitely the drinks are starting to
get to reaching the end here we got two
minutes and 52 seconds of positive
giving a little over a personal
preference
sorry that was close two minutes and 20
seconds left you might be drinking
probably some kind of a jerk for not
letting this I'm more mad at him than
anything else
its current rate he's got three tries
less for the put positive exactly how I
thought I was going to land it with the
dumbest like looking five $40 in the
world twenty minutes I just like the
only reason I landed that is because my
hand touched it's true I want to like to
channel my inner like Willy Wonka right
now to sell him you get nothing sir
nothing why don't I never get anything
I'm trying to pay well alright so Todd
like a pinky for sucking I'm glad I did
end up landing it but if you like dick
is channel there's a button right below
the video you just hit that and you're
signing to see more videos just like
this one actually is probably a great
video I just did not think I stuck it
like third try and then battle until
Mordor it's what he got but I did I
didn't screw up like last time us I was
a huge he is true somebody was like
you're a crybaby and I was like do you
want me to like put a fake smile on and
act like I'm not bummed with myself so
sorry yeah get your own way look at me
everyone everyone knows what Andy's case
you get the real complaints coming out I
don't know it's been about 90 made the
video there because you I was
complaining I go over there thank you
guys for watching we're back next week
with someone else keep watching maybe
this guy debacle
Jordan hunter Oh
thank you wow I look crazy sweaty likes
you look way better than I thought it is
that's it I'm sorry free is the negative
guys you think I'm going to be the
happiest person the world next video
what your water nominate you want to go
crush that water he got me water in the
middle of it thank you that's why the
next where else when today you don't
have to do anything you just win okay we
just give like a thousand dollars the
beginning of it revival you're like John
Hill style yeah but he won't do anything
it'll just like where else Wednesday
Alex here up yourselves knowing the next
up it's double episode Jordan hunter
