my name is Aaron Cairo and I've been
skateboarding for most of my life I grew
up in a very small town in Montana or at
the time there are literally no other
skateboarders over a short period of
time I taught myself how to do almost
every skateboard trick and really gained
a solid base for all of my skateboarding
from then on out
I developed a pattern and technique and
learning tricks not only fast but so you
have them down well in this video I'm
going to teach you how to build a solid
foundation for all of your skateboarding
and learn the fundamental skateboarding
tricks we'll be covering the following
basic tricks in this video first thing
is just riding your board and getting
comfortable with your board riding
includes turning stopping and anything
in between the following steps are
learning to ollie frontside 180 backside
180 pop shove-its frontside shuttles
hill flips and finally kick flips
these steps are meant to give you a
guideline to follow up and going from
the easiest
if you are a little shaky with one trick
and you go into the next one where you
skip a trick in this order you can have
troubles as you learn more difficult
tricks in the future people have learned
these tricks in different orders but
this is again just a guideline to make
it easier for you give you an exact top
to follow as you learn how to skate
the tricks themselves are broken down
into the exact gradient step in learning
so our each step of the enjoy throwing
them to communities as possible granny
this is an example of each step of
learning count equality you can practice
each step on its own and if you ever
have problem on one step you can just go
back to the previous step until you get
that one eventually putting it all
together until you get the fold trick
it's the way I made the video is to
break down every step of the trick
starting from the foot position to the
very basics of just popping the board
and sliding your foot up the board so
you know every part of the trick knowing
every part of the Trekker gives you the
ability to take a step back and see what
part of the trick you're really missing
when you try the whole thing so then you
can practice just that step on its own
so when you're using this video I want
you to practice each step as I go over
it and don't go on to the next step
until you really have that one it's in
this way that you're going to be able to
learn all of these tricks and get them
all down really well the reason I chose
the tricks to be learned in these steps
is because they introduce the least
amount of change in between the tricks
for example once you learn how to ollie
all you have to change is swinging their
shoulders to do the frontside 180 so you
should be able to get that next step
down very easy I want to make it an easy
gradient for you to learn all these
tricks so just follow the path that I've
given you and you'll be able to learn
them all really well before you get
started skating I want to familiarize
you with your board and all of its parts
so you can choose the best deck for you
there's so many different boards and
equipment to choose from that correctly
picking a board can be a very hard task
a lot of equipment and what is best is
based on personal opinion and depends on
what kind of scam you are into starting
with your skateboard deck the most
important factor here is the width skate
boards typically range from 7.5 inches
to eight point to five inches away
for tech skating and flip tricks people
generally use smaller web as it's easier
to flip into ramps and stairs people
generally use wider boards because they
have a wider space to plan also how big
your feet are as a factor as well
because if you have small feet in your
at an 8-inch more will be very hard to
my fingers
I wear size 10 shoes in skate a 7.62
width of board just to give you an
example grip tape is the rough blacktop
gritty material that sticks to the top
of your board and gives you traction and
control of the board
hardware is what holds your trucks onto
the board the important factor here is
just to make sure that they are the
right length so the bolt doesn't stick
up and that they are long enough to hold
your truck so here you attract what you
want to make sure match the width of
your board 7.75 trucks for 7.75 width of
board for example next onto the wheels
your wheel size is the most important
factor here if your wheels are too big
the more will be too heavy and hard to
flip if your wheels are too small you
will literally be stopped every rack and
Rock okay
I recommend 52 millimeter wheels because
they're small enough to flip easily and
big enough to roll well in most drink
now the bearings are the metal ring from
the side of your wheels which allow your
wheels to roll there are many different
kinds of bearings and 4b enters I
suggest and moderately priced bearing
that still works well but won't set you
back too much now that you're familiar
with the different parts of your
skateboard
grab your deck and locate the following
parts skateboard deck itself trucks
wheels bearings hardware and grip tape
now we'll get onto riding your board
