hey morning what is up guys surprise
surprise we are doing what we want
revenge in the middle of the winter like
we said we were not going to this is we
want revenge 20 wait what that is the
worst intro I've ever heard what's wrong
with that intro it's just lame man you
want me to make it grander way grander
yep
step it up
oh that was that was good that was good
I was like oh this is a piece of a pair
long from a lunch well you shouldn't
even looking at me I was going to hit
you with it when you weren't expecting
that was a peach or something after your
life
ya know what I should do not fall and
land that trick
not fall
Wow those movies were there for like go
across the country on like some journey
like the world's ending the I got some
artifact or something yeah
like Lord of rings oh like a quest yeah
yeah quest we got do one of this um what
now across the country no people died on
this thing's vetoed Lord of the Rings
time let's go let's do this yeah yeah on
this quest uh-huh
I'm gonna be Frodo all right and you can
be Sam oh my god what a right how did we
even get on this trail but it's good
it's gonna go to a town or something
with a farmer that needs like we need to
get a bottle of milk and bring it to his
daughter so she can have baby chickens
to somewhere maybe it's babies it always
ends it may be spring dude I'm so hungry
right now we should turn back
yeah I think we should probably go home
I don't know this is working out like we
planned
I have dysentery we just go back man
please I'm done it's cold
Andy this is the same tree houses not
the same dream we need that that's the
only way we can get water a day five
look at Andy the socks you all right you
okay oh man it's been seven days we have
no food we're lost and we've lost Andy
and a ha there is Andy Andy okay what
this this is just Philly trip did I
think Andy's dead
so it sucks the ante died right now for
no reason - we were just my background
the whole time like actually wasting how
about this the Philly trip taped it in
he gave me oh my god you have to put
that out I'm like yeah we gotta watch
this it we are a love for guys okay the
most famous case bottle whole time
shut up Andy
I don't even think we're gonna have the
guts to skate it but we did max but over
here you're about to the dumbest thing
you've ever done your whole life okay we
are awesome - we are awesome
yes let's get out of here before
somebody sold don't sneeze doing Buddha
what's up guys we are at Black Diamond
skate park in New Jersey which is kind
of close to Philadelphia
stayed with Carrie gets and he's
shredding but right now you got West
with nollie
so when you come to Philadelphia you've
got a skip 3y
you
so this is how Andy schrock works when
he starts escape all he does alley the
three block and then goes for the
toughest trick possible for over three
hours trying the same freaking trick
doesn't never kickflip it doesn't ever
180 it just goes for the gnarliest trick
slams I don't know how many times
stuck it a bunch of times but I'm sorry
he could not land it for you now get
this camera
all right
so that was pretty good you should have
been there there's a blast yeah man I
wish I could have oh wait a second
there's some take on this thing
Philly trip throw away throw away if
that's a throw away where's the real
footage
you
Hey see you soon they're sleeping just
just got some awesome sleep from the
night before and you're like what am I
gonna do today
I should uh maybe lay here on the bed
really weird for a long time but you're
not you're gonna get up and you're gonna
do good today you were gonna see bard
you're gonna skateboard so much you were
gonna skate right then close my face
you
