oh it's in my head we're do the intro
what's up guys we're doing ask revenge
part 2 now we got a little more than
crew here with you guns Jesu babe what
let's go let's go first question first
question youtube user gab Kroy hey man I
how is it skating over there and what do
you think is the best skate park over
there um I love this I personally think
the DC plazas with the best park around
here yeah probably the DC posit since
two creams it's in a bunch of me
everyone knows it's a corn the original
skate plaza what colerain isn't it since
now you go to colerain park over there
but yeah but if you're Kevin coming to
the u.s. go to Southern California yeah
but it is good skating over here yeah
yeah you suppose skater esio skating's
awesome philadelphia man yeah user
skater cccc when did you wear non red
t-shirt last time did you just look like
the most poorly like constructed
sentences sometimes it attracts me yes
guys I feel like I can't read when I
read these guys is like alex is Alex
look I'm her like ISM skaters cccc um I
was 14 when I made the switch to
Richard's so what colors always the last
color that's my koala always very much
oh it's probably a great or white shirt
do you remember that day would be black
not all I just know is when it was April
when I was 14 so that wouldn't I'm
coming up on the fourteenth year here
good for teenagers a month that's pretty
soon right so you don't look fondly upon
your past of not wearing red I don't it
was so long ago it was like my childhood
right uh youtube user d baber 07 has you
guys ever wish you were a pilgrim has is
no no you guys are just making it up no
you did about it alright well alright
yeah I guess there's I guess that I kind
of want to be a little it's kind of cool
to like live back in that day that'd be
cool but I've never been like I want to
be a pilgrim like specifically yeah I'm
not feeling pilgrims but like back in
the frontier days though you'd be like
arrogant trail look no rooms are like
lean anyway right we're doing right I'm
sorry I thought was that was my first
reaction with bed
isn't it I wouldn't want to come on a
boat for like four months over here now
yeah youtube user lives in a bin or Lou
are your favorite pro skaters in what
made you start skating all right let's
just go down the line them uh Eric
Koston oh I can't do this the
Nor'easters two-minute yeah I can do
yeah you can well pick one made me start
skating okay uh peer pressure when I was
really young all the girls liked it it's
true all they've all know that's what
money smells good that's not what made
me keep skating yeah yes rock on okay my
name's Jamie Thomas hands down Jimmy
Dolan he was very influential and my
friend brought a skateboard randomly up
to the comic shop by saying at that and
we just started literally we just like
all right let's start trying to
skateboard and I did it I don't have a
favorite skater there's so many and I
started skating I got a Tony Hawk's Pro
Skater demo in a Pizza Hut box nice the
first time Tony Hawk's came out is all
right place back then doesn't a free
game of the part of those days to this
day Sam relates food with skating I do
think it's a yes Oh Carrie gets I'd have
to say but skating how I started was the
first tony hawk game my mom rented it
for me and I'm like what is this
skateboarding I don't I don't do that
and hooked after that just had to
animation that he got to meet Carrie
against last year's sounds pretty cool
yeah we got to stay with him good guy I
guess Torey Pudwill and cuz he's just
good he's shreds he cross why you why
are you here now mari why are you skiing
what made you start skating what why did
you pick up a skateboard is it because
of that dude this should like peer
pressure on the NZ night and he was like
yeah ride this I'm known jay since he
was five years old so he kind of group
yeah Andy yeah you Jason why you
inspired me today says literally
actually she like 40 could remember he's
all been skating like a year Haley
yeah like you pursued me tell you whoa
to who persuaded or suede we gotta go to
the question without ever all right
youtube rush scape team 24 why doesn't
revenge make game of skate videos we are
we've just been really bad at it we
talked Alex not talk about it about all
the way God maybe we should do this we
just never do it is people don't you get
it without the month a month a month or
two guys no month and a half it'll want
to be out okay all right uh frostbitten
skate co youtube user how did you get
josh on the team well we talked to his
agent yes oh we had to book him a flight
oh it was a big mess yeah well I guess
this is just me early um I have been
talking to Josh online here and there
you know like he's a fellow youtuber and
i just messaged him i was like hey you
know i watched you like come up through
skateboarding like just kinda like from
from scratch I've watched you skateboard
so it'd be awesome to have you on
revenge and he was down to to work on
the project with us and now he's on the
team he's not here he's in Virginia yeah
I don't think a lot of people know about
that yeah I know he's gonna have a
commercial coming up soon some people
are gonna like oh oh yeah he's gonna be
in the video he'll be in the right um
see youtube user Adrian Bates Garcia I
know your full name I'm gonna sing email
what size decks do the revenge team ride
8888 258 that was a boy go ahead for max
max I'm max may be right 85 85 um Josh
40 Josh rides an eight and a secrets
about to be released Ryder rides a 7.62
/ 7 750 so stay tuned oh I'm not gonna
say it hey youtube user skater Punk for
real he ain't playing no game oh do you
plan on expanding your company and
making new products this year we were
actually hoping on regressing it's much
as possible so you mad for that yeah we
were gonna hang we can't be sarcastic
every time to get about yeah we are yes
we are expanding we've already we've
said this we have a new deck rack coming
out this month we have fan day shirts
graphics weekend
you can't hear me because we're talking
ah girl tease coming we will probably
have at least I would say five or six
new graphics my end of the year right
from youtube user Jared miss skill do
you have a tattoo and if not would you
ever get one does anyone have tattoos in
this group yes he does too I do have a
tattoo and multiple answer I can get one
show yeah I would get one I have what
there's one on can't you will just show
going now uh what does that mean I'm
kidding don't it means got one on the
inside of my arm and then I have one
that goes from the bottom the J sleep
naked for another video all the way down
to my hip I do i do have a tattoo don't
people know that and what I if I know it
I would get you i would get another one
twister remarks on this bag yeah just
keep our yeah and undershirt certain
that circumstance don't get another one
do you have a tattoo thing no I don't
assume no tattoos Alex doesn't have a
tattoo okay please put your foot oh when
did you get that okay do you ever give
this thing all right come on you do you
have excess no I know Alex does it just
doesn't right you're not old enough I
see dead one with my glove young and a
screwdriver in school or something don't
do that ever all right up youtube user
basketballdude 98 what did you think the
first time you tried grinding a star
handle how did you feel after party why
I'm not doing this on a handrail here
keep going no I don't know what story
door Hannah you've done a star Mario
skateboarded first try and is it
actually hard as it seems this is like
Andy this is all you man if you have you
don't read the first handrail did you
ever let first like I did was a five
supply of the footage I need to put into
a video was a forced air with a novel in
the end and I backed up by about it
through the novel yeah that's pretty
impressive you want to all right but did
you light it for know it took me all day
no I should be a good 20 minutes but
know if you find if you have your Park
rails down pat and you know how to jump
down a rail and you find a good hand
rail there's nothing wrong with if you
just stick the star handle you can it's
not that hard just do a basic lab that
good bones show that's no no we don't
need to pretend that start user rain
skate 20 well josh katz have a part in
the video yes that he would seem sure
he's on the team to users on the d3000 n
how did you start out the whole YouTube
thing of course this they're all for me
oh yeah um when I I used to do i I've
written books and I was trying to get it
published and I started a YouTube
account Andrew schrock actually the
channel I I post my videos on I started
it to vlog about writing and stuff and
eventually I made the switch over to
uploading some of my skateboard footage
on it and that kind of caught on and and
then it's really hard to get published
so I just switched to trying to act like
a goof what I've always thought with all
my friends but sometime that's news to
me yeah I didn't I deleted them all off
unfortunately I wish I still had him but
I and then when I got that there for
revenge I contacted him talk about
making YouTube videos than making a a
move a big video you know called skate
revenge then that turn to the company
and everything that's happening now is
from that don't know with you still
haven't we already talking about last
night it's coming alright Dan coin how
long did it take you to three foot you
go first I haven't you know you about
four months in the skating I still can't
do I dug Adam okay like what six six
months nice alright cool no ask last
question i'm jacob masuk when are you
going to all these next oh it's 611 we
got to go right now yale literally we
are going right now but by the time you
watch this um we have already gone and
skated but they're gonna break this
piece of crap food huh we usually go
tuesday night seven and I've and um if
we don't it sometimes wednesday or
thursday but it's always in the middle
it's usually 7 a-9 or six to eight
goodbye guys come on catch it next time
I don't want that
you
