what's up guys that was a handful of
clips that I filmed in the skate park
last year i hope you guys liked it once
in a while I have to remind you guys
that hey I just play in skateboard I
actually had a decision to make this
weekend though I can either upload this
video that you just saw or a new
skatepark edit that we filmed this
winter and I went with this one and that
is literally all there is to that
exciting story but what that means is
next weekend you're gonna get a new
skatepark in it so look forward to that
guys well I got you guys here though i'm
going to show you the sexiest thing in
the whole world outside of females or
males or whatever you're into okay boom
i'm pretty sure that Vox accidentally
designed these specifically for me I i
know they didn't mean to but I mean come
on look at this I wear black pants and
red shirts all the time it took my
costume and with this on I feel like an
action hero I'm like disgustingly
color-coordinated um if I only if I only
had one pair of these I probably would
not skate these they just look too good
but i do i'm lucky enough to have two
pairs so I'm gonna take one pair and I'm
gonna do it out of the box video which
basically I just put these on for the
first time and I show you that how
comfortable these are to skate in so
watch out for that guys and in the Vox
and revenge world we have a contest
coming up okay um in about a week or so
we're going to do a video contest anyone
can enter and you guys are going to have
a chance to win some Vox shoes and some
revenge gear so be excited for that i'll
post the video with all the information
and um that's it i would like to take a
second to thank Vox you guys have
noticed that I've been like you know
working with them on my channel here
I've been doing some things so I just
want to say everyone over a box thank
you I'm very proud to be wearing Vox
here and yeah if you guys watching want
to get some box gear i'll put a link
down to their store right down there so
definitely there they're good stuff um
I'm gonna go though that's that's it
watch out for more videos and watch out
for more videos to end this video I'm
gonna clap 15 times and get out of here
so I didn't actually count so I hope
that was 15 subscribe or die
you
