guys I have not slept in 36 hours and
you probably never guess where I am
right now I'm in a hospital uh and that
is because my son was born today I know
you guys weren't expecting at this soon
I definitely was not expecting it this
soon because he is very very early he is
7 to 8 weeks early and I guess he just
decided hey I want to be in this world
now um there can be a lot of
complications with premature births but
he is doing great he's breathing on his
own he's hooked up to a bunch of stuff
like a robot but he's doing good and
from the look of it he's going to be
just fine and I'm really happy
mommy is perfectly healthy she's doing
great and so is the baby so far so I
will keep you guys updated but um I just
wanted to say guys I'm a dad yeah 931 On
January 27th I became a dad and I'm
really really excited so here is a
welcome to the world video for my son
you
