you guys remember the song Manic Monday
it goes it's just another Manic Monday I
wish it were Sunday I was listening that
song the other day and I was like this
is ridiculous I mean have you ever
thought about those lyrics she spends
the whole song complaining about Monday
but she wants it to be Sunday the day
before Monday I mean who wishes to be
right before or something they don't
like you know it's like Tuesday six days
before Sunday I get that Friday boom and
beginning of the weekend I get that but
but Sunday really I mean that's like
when you break your arm like oh my gosh
I broke my arm oh I wish this was an
hour before I broke my arm so I can do
it again
that's stupid all right guys I just
recently moved into a new townhouse okay
and at the beginning of my little
subdivision there's this sign
eight miles per hour
for all you kilometer people that is
less than 13 km/h do you have any idea
how slow that is in fact I will just
show you how slow that is watch this
clip
not him all about driving safely around
children okay don't get me wrong but
eight miles per hour I'm pretty sure
that is more dangerous for the children
okay they're gonna be playing with their
ball out in the front yard it's gonna
bounce into the street they're gonna
look both ways and they're gonna see you
but they're not gonna think you're
moving because you're only going eight
miles per hour they're gonna walk out to
get their ball and boom they got hit by
a car okay on the bright side they're
probably completely unharmed because
you're driving eight miles an hour that
cannot hurt that bad that is stupid does
anyone have an iphone okay this is
supposed to be like the Lamborghini of
cellphones right it does everything you
want it in fact I'm good working more I
just send this in and it gives me
paychecks it does everything except
predictive text you buy an Apple product
to get a good product you know they
don't have to worry about it's like all
this works it's an iPhone I don't have
to make I mean have to make that phone
call cuz I did it for me boom but no all
right your predictive texting on this is
the worst thing in the whole world all
right
it can it can say the most crazy
sentences like Emily isn't asked what
excavator or you know Darrin is a
dashing delinquent I don't know but it
can't say bud every time I write but it
says bid no I don't say bid I want to
say bud or yo-yo is a pretty common word
right especially if you grew up with a
Ninja Turtles I want to say yo it thinks
- then there is the iPad okay this thing
is fantastic it does even more than the
iPhone somehow it like raises your
children you just said in your room and
your children have a college education
it's done sorry except one thing it
doesn't do good is pictures look at this
it looks like a painting it's like so
pixelated it's just the worst quality
ever $600 you think it would take like
this thing takes good pictures right
this thing's tiny takes good pictures
the iPad no no it does not it does not
take good pictures Siri you're an idiot
I'm just trying to help you girls don't
get me wrong I love you but there's been
something happening for the last 10
years that has to be addressed it's kind
of like an epidemic all right it looks a
little something like this and this and
this and this I have no idea how this
happened but I could always you know a
guy walks up to a girl or party like hey
girl I'm gonna take your picture my gosh
gonna make a pose what am I do
boom it was done all the girls in the
room were like oh my gosh you see that
I'm gonna do that I'm gonna post him on
MySpace I'm gonna post that on my
Twitter post that on my fridge
Corwin has never been the same since and
girls I have never ever once heard one
of my guy friends be like oh my gosh you
see that girl look at me yet yeah then
the hot one to do in the piece fish I
mean what is that piece fish - ducks
lips squared I am clueless on it girls
I'm just saying you look a million times
better if you just do an
honest-to-goodness smile I mean you can
do the piece you can do it pieces all
day but just just do it good smile I
promise guys are gonna see it they're
gonna be like yes I'm gonna poke her on
Facebook and it's gonna be you're gonna
be psyched you're gonna be psyched
you're gonna be psyched alright guys and
the last one is proof that some stupid
things can be pretty awesome alright
when you get a fortune cookie you're
done with your meal and you're open it
up and you're really you're pumped
because for cookies always tell you
you're gonna be rich or you're gonna
lose weight or you're gonna fall in love
it's gonna be the best thing ever like
tomorrow is gonna be the best day of
your life when you have a fortune cookie
well that doesn't always work out
apparently you will soon receive an
usual gift of food for your health does
that even mean I mean I know they're
probably meant to write unusual gift of
food but I'm really really happy they
didn't and I do not want this to stop
okay if there's any people that have the
job to make right fortune cookies please
put broken English and more reinforce
cookies because it it's the best end to
a meal you're like yes I love that that
doesn't make sense
Rach come on guys so that was five
stupid things if you guys have any
things that you think should be made fun
of won't you suggest it down in the
comments below I don't know if I'm gonna
keep doing the series but it was just an
idea that I had and I was like yeah
might as well do this video so yeah I
have a skate video this weekend and if
you really want me to continue this
series tell me about it in the comments
or give me a thumbs up or something do
something mail me I don't care what you
do I'm gonna end this video I'm gonna
read this I have a bunch of fortunes
here
I'd like four of them I haven't read
them all actually oh you are about to
end this YouTube video subscribe or die
why isn't the video ended
because it's more cookies a fake my gosh
what's up guys sorry you caught me at a
bad time I'm angry
oh wait I'm lying I'm actually happy no
I'm angry kidding I'm happy yeah haha
totally do its get like that now I know
why iPads were created
