so what's your name but Alex beauty I'm
25 years old I'm a husband a father and
a skateboarder
I ride for revenge skateboards I have an
awesome family and I'm digging life this
is my youtube channel i'll be posting
skate videos videos of my daughter and
basically whatever i want to upload you
subscribe for i will blow up a cat
what's up guys so yeah I am NOT at the
office right now to where I usually fill
my videos so i got my laptop out I'm in
my kitchen in my house and I'm I gotta
talk to you guys okay cuz i I just I had
this small idea that a lot of you guys
wouldn't actually go to alex's channel
list I spill it out for you guys so here
it is alex has a youtube channel and
he's gonna be posting videos and they
can be entertaining and cute adorable
and crazy and awesome and all that stuff
over again so there's a link right down
there or you can just click the screen
the whole screen right now is a link
taps channel do that and subscribe and i
don't know i'll be back to my normal
antics see you soon you get to see some
messed up but i'm gonna go the screen is
still active you guys can click that
anytime i myself we could have some
lemonade and milady would probably get
mad i'm drinking straight from the
bottle but I'm gonna do it it tastes
better that way everything tastes better
straight from the bottom no se que blue
guys are still washing this ooh salsa
chips totally got some chips
