300 videos guys that is a lot of videos
and really excited to get to that many
on my youtube channel so to celebrate I
am going to do what I always do and do a
highlight reel over the last 100 videos
on my channel so hope you guys like it
give me a thumbs up for 100 more videos
and I will see you at four hundred
videos I'll see you it forward I'll see
you
yeah Andy you own and operate your own
skateboard company can you believe that
guy's a gay business owner that is great
I'm not gay is literally hours before
September 11th
and I'm a ground zero right now hahaha
is he okay are you all right chick
invited to dinner what happens my mind
is my mouth just create sams and throw
it out sometimes she's a pedes well I
don't remember what I said anymore whoa
oh my gosh you sound like that broken
goat from YouTube please hit puberty
your parents are never going to love you
if you don't get clean couch stop yeah
hi Nadine you know water was gonna be so
funny yeah okay it's gonna like die dude
I never did dude no it wasn't it wasn't
that bad it was pretty comfortable it's
like one the second someone sees me I'm
dead it's like one bullet and you're
gone what is this reality
episode can't be over haven't been in it
yet what top yeah you talk about a bed
bathroom what did you do to your face oh
I shaved it in a mustache really oh he's
good kid ah Star Trek I don't know I
haven't even know how to talk about
anymore haha 3 g's damn someone else's
property 3d 3d and if you call now so do
this breeding friend Russia I had to
hurt did you film that yep I every bit
of it holy crap I got that on tape
potato I've heard and got that on tape
gonna say it guys i am going to be a
father
that's a reason
and yeah so with further with with
further ado with just hold on a second
because I got some adieu to further said
who I'm loved admit there when they made
up that word like with please gonna do
me what that was bad I'm gonna stop
talking about the word I do because it's
weird and I can't use it correctly
you
