what's up guys well bust you guys asked
for it and it's here ferret footage
sorry about the mess
I'm redoing this room alright cuteness
begin
you too what's up guys so these right
here are my ferrets and the star of this
video this is honey badger don't care we
I call them badger for short and this
and if you don't know what his name is
you need to seriously put his name into
Google and watch the video in his
entertaining yes he is named after a
huge good video ironically enough and
this is lamb chop I have no idea why she
is really named lamb chop but that's
just what my girlfriend and I decided
and that stuck you our lamb chop okay
I'm sorry but a lot of people ask me
about question questions about ferrets
and they're like eh is it a good pet
should I get one do I have one I'm like
oh I don't know if you have one that's a
weird question but yeah they're they're
awesome pets you got to pay a lot of
attention to them they got a play every
day they're here in my office they get
to run around for like five or six hours
a day so they have a good time um but
they get into things too they will take
every little trinket in your room and
put it in one place they like they have
a collection it's really weird um they
also like rubber things like remotes oh
my gosh do not leave your ps3 controller
like the control sticks whatever they
don't eat them in fact they were
chomping down with this t-rex a second
ago you gonna bite it now let's try you
another thing ferrets do not like to
perform it like make you look an idiot
no okay whatever I promise you they will
live with you on rubber things this
t-rex is kind of rubbery so um that's it
that's my favorite video guys I will uh
I'll have some more videos in the future
because that's what I do on this YouTube
channel I make videos and I don't know I
really need something to end this video
I need to do something stupid or
something I cannot think of a way to end
this video
oh you mean ear oh I'm actually hurt
that's okay
that's just death done we got I got
slammed this that's how we end the video
my gosh I cannot figure away how to end
this video oh that was terrible
I can't you actually just try to hit me
right there now I can't go in that old
cages Oh Andy
let's go suck gosh the suck yeah put in
the cage no the cage are you go change
your cage to this guys suck so much man
I don't want to get slapped
you ready hit your heart yeah why you
got to make it look good hey Kent slap
I'll never own I'll have her actually
bin slap slapped I'm bout to this is
gonna suck
how to end this video I blinked before I
messed that up
gosh plus I only just hurt though and we
got you of my finger it didn't even hurt
okay end video
you
