YouTube what is up guys we have a fun
video for you guys today
this guy actually has no idea what's
about to happen why carrying me I'm not
telling you you're gonna experience it
firsthand right now are you ready why
alright I have this in this box is a
certain game I met a guy on vacation
named Ryan Schultz he has a company
called magic light and he sent me using
really cool light bulbs don't get these
in another video because they're really
cool I think but this is something
you're gonna like okay so we're gonna
unbox this and then we're going to play
with it and it is going to be awesome
pi√±on no no this one's not alight but
you're gonna find out real soon okay if
you're penniless small smells like chef
mark Normand that could've busted open
with that guy what's on dawn dawn dawn
what is it no good nope it's not a nerf
okay this is a blaster that we're gonna
use this clips right here okay put the
phone in it okay welcome one go no it's
not Pokemon and I downloaded a game
right in this all right you see the
screen here it has a bunch of different
games we can play and we're gonna play
them what are you ready for this do you
know what's happening yeah so I checked
their website I could have find this on
their website just yet so it might be
like a coming student product but just
in case you get one of these and I'll
link the website down there you scan
this on your cell phone if that's not
big enough here's a poster of it this
code right here we're gonna probably
literally scan this video right now so
you scan that or your phone it brings
lets you download the thing you also
have to put two double-a batteries into
the blaster and then you can go and then
you're ready to play yeah like us we're
ready to play right now all right you
got to select your game okay buddy
there's aircraft invasion there's
getting frisbees there's alien invaders
there's fruit ninja with a blaster all
right oh it's in our house
oh my gosh your blast oh don't get the
bomb don't get the bomb you got the high
score Oh
granted that was the only score but yes
hey alright so I know you guys want to
see the actual footage so what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna record it on my computer
and so you guys can see firsthand me
shooting some UFOs and Ryan's gonna be
in the shot are you I'm gonna select a
are invaders aliens there 8 my house oh
my gosh
where is he where are you well that one
was just broken these aliens are trying
to do
not fly out of my fireplace blew my
pillow where is he
I always hear sounds I don't see him
right absolutely hit that way that was
awesome
this is so trippy right yeah
sorry I shot you ridin I'm not that good
at it I would get better if I kept
playing though this is super cool how I
can record it isn't it and it's really
cool I can tickle you there be fruits on
my head there's gonna be fruits on my
head don't blow up the bomb
oops
game over you blew up a grenade I know
you did here riding the game right over
here you shoot down like airplanes and
stuff okay
there's to be airplanes in our house
okay you have to get them so keep firing
you see the radar that's how you find
out where they are so you're gonna have
to turn around in this game just don't
pull the cord out hope there's one over
there see them fire be firing a bunch
you are getting blasted dude you got
their blasted you better
are these are a bunch of bad guys aren't
they
wow that one blew up by your face is
your face okay
who knew that all of this was in our
house
it's kind of fun well that's the point
of it buddy
so those are really cool you really like
the aircraft one right with all the ban
aircrafts coming to get you you blow up
so many things in our living room and
it's fine
then the living room is still okay yeah
it is just fake alright so this last I'm
gonna show you guys is cool for the
parents there are some educational games
on this
this one's called number balloon so I'm
gonna press it and we're gonna play it
basically gives you a math problem and
you have to find the solution in
balloons and shoot it down all right
let's do it is it alright in space ready
go Retin is it on your face eight times
three note that is it's twenty four boom
it was kind of on your face nine plus
five you know that is yeah there it is
fourteen four times four is sixteen I'm
gonna shoot your knee and I'm correct
5-1 what's that what's one less than
five yes I know I blew your shoulder
right away nine minus one wants one less
than nine correct I blew up a balloon on
your forehead
five times one correct so there you guys
go now this contraption I have is just
to record it like just to have fun you
guys don't need this at all you can just
play it on your phone and it's really
cool retton's is flipping out about it
you just realized that we're gonna keep
this and he's really excited it won't
hold your iPad buddy you could play it
on your iPad but it wouldn't be the same
so there you guys go
that was our AR game gun it's a really
fun video game right there on your cell
phone and I don't know how much it cost
he said that UB he had no idea I was
gonna make a video he literally was just
being a nice dude sending them to me so
Thank You Ryan and you had a blast right
and you can work on your math problems
there's a there's a bunch of other games
on there there's the aircraft invasion
there's bidirectional frisbee so it's
just like kind of like shooting frisbees
in the air alien invaders fruit shootin
number balloons bottle shooting letters
shooting so you could learn letters
saving cans I don't know what that's all
about words shooting color variations
easy English target shooting so most of
the ones on here are at least half of
them are educational so that's super
cool so do you like this you have fun
with it yeah alright I hope the motion
and everything about it wasn't too weird
to watch but if you like this maybe
we'll do more cellphone video game you
know once again if you guys want to
check this out I don't know if it's on
the site I'll put all the information to
this actual AR game gun in the info
below so I'll put that down there with
the website and that's it today what
maybe that one of a day you know no
we're not yes I do videos here all the
time so I will see you guys tomorrow
with a new skateboarding video yeah
there's a subscribe but if you want to
see more you just hit the below the
video and you're sad to see more we have
another channel kind of similar to this
what you just saw where we just do toys
and games
it's called territory times so I'll link
that down below as well well that is it
I'm gonna order lunch dude oh yeah lunch
time oh my gosh is two o'clock this is a
late lunch be a turkey
you know what a turkey sounds like now
it gobbles no no no no no dude you need
to listen to thank see bazaar bobble
gobble gobble
we'll work on it
that was fun wasn't it there's a UFO in
there well it's in there get it oh good
you got it see it's a good thing your
imagination still works yeah imagine
yourself getting tickled because it's
really happening
what why would you ever want to pee your
pants
