it's called the quick change
I was not expecting you - what is up
guys so yeah that was my friend Gary
bill oh he and I were at the skate park
that night with a bunch of other
Avengers and he was like Andy watch this
and I was like why we came from my hand
I'm gonna record it so boom I hit it and
that last clip you saw it's kind of far
away that's what he did I was I was like
are you kidding me I came in put my
hoodie on that fast off of a skateboard
no let's doing a fakie 360 or not lay or
whatever that was and um I was I was
quite impressed I was like dude we got
to film this again and we're gonna make
it its own video because this is this is
pretty awesome and I've always wanted to
do another skate trick never been done
video if you have not seen the original
there'll be a link at the end of this
video and down there so watch that um
and I know this trick might have
actually been done before I don't know
how many awesome hoodie put her on or
fakie 360 years whatever I'm saying I
don't know if it's been done but um I'm
not you know if you guys are gonna get
upset about the title don't preach it to
another choir or sing it to another
choir do something to some other choir
because it's just title guys it doesn't
change the content and yeah so funny
fact Gary hasn't skated in five years
and we have an edit coming up in about a
week or two and he filmed some other
footage that night so check it out and
keep that in mind cuz you're gonna see
the tricks that he does like wow five
years really um so he yeah he threw some
stuff down is pretty awesome but hope
you guys like the video my big 300th
video is coming up this weekend so watch
out for that and that's it I'm gonna go
I've got I got work to do so I gotta get
outta here guys
transporter room yes Andy yes I am ready
get me out of here prepare to beam up
YouTube Oh super dad all right that was
that was pretty weird though just like
it's like I haven't been doing this for
two years or something all right here
let's go I feel like we're doing this
for whatever reason I just I can't do it
left-handed this is like a switch intro
right here alright come on get with it I
don't have a red mark on my face earning
and he was like Andy film this nobody
didn't say that gosh more you lied all
over the place haha that was really
really really really unnecessary and
loud I could hear that my deaf ear Gary
bill oh and him eye + NL him I him I
really can you speak that less what what
can I speak that Liz yeah so got here -
what is up guys that was my friend Gary
bill oh uh him and myself is how I say
that him myself
alright let's just try it again himself
himself from me himself and I he and I
you know we're at the skate park tonight
with a bunch of other Avengers that's
how I want to say that's not one set he
and I gosh good English is so good just
through that
you
