what is up guys so I'm gonna be honest
this is going to be the most serious
video i have ever done thus far in my
life and sometimes something so big so
momentous happens that you have to grab
a camera come to a place in nature by
yourself and make a youtube video about
it right um I'm just gonna say it guys i
am going to be a father I'm gonna be a
dad and I'm really excited you know like
my whole life I've always like oh when I
have children or whatnot but it's it's
happening now and I don't know it's it's
so unreal in fact I think I'm just gonna
I've never done this yet I'm gonna shout
it to the world you guys can be here for
the first time I am going to be a dad
that's awesome said the one bird that's
listening in fact they flew south
literally no one heard that but you guys
were here for it so uh I don't know but
on a different note it's it's really
unfortunate though because a lot of
times when people find out their friends
are having children or you know or
whatever doing the family thing they're
like oh I'm sorry like that sucks like
that's ridiculous like I think every
parent once they actually hold their
child in their hands like oh this is why
I've been here and I don't know I'm like
I have nothing but good feelings about
this I did want to let you guys know
that my life is going to get pretty
crazy it actually already has gotten
pretty crazy um I have taken another job
so in the mornings i am doing youtube
video projects skating if i can and
revenge work and then during the night i
go to my my second job i get off of that
job fairly late i go home have some
quality time with a lady and then sleep
and then repeat so it's it is pretty
crazy and it's going to get even crazier
when the little one is here that's going
to be in april and i just wanted to give
you guys a heads up if things get really
bad and I gotta have no time I'm not
going anywhere I will always do youtube
videos guys even if I've do just one
video a week to remind you that I'm here
I'm not going anywhere the day I stop
making videos the dad died I promise
so it's a it's like it's I mean it's a
part of my job now I'm you know it's
going to put food on the table so
revenge isn't going anywhere and
YouTube's not going anywhere and I've
you guys thank for that that I'm able to
actually make videos and make money from
it so here's my video telling you guys
this is our heart to heart in the nature
guys I've actually a few of you probably
know maybe more the few of you I'll how
do you guys watch my videos but I've had
a goal in my life like a life goal and
that is to change the world and i don't
mean stop terrorism although i would if
i could and what or like you know like
save the planet from a meteor crashing
into it I just mean like have a really
positive impact like make a difference
in the world like I want to feel like I
made a difference and that's always my
life goal well now I have another life
goal and that is to give this little one
the best opportunities i can give so two
things i will fight to the death to
accomplish you know those are my two
goals in life i have to do and you know
I'll be darned if I don't do it or die
trying so there it is guys i am i'm done
with our nature big news video i will be
back to my normal antics here in a
second and hope you guys are having a
great time i know i am right all right
I'm going to keep being cheesy if I
don't leave so say goodbye world goodbye
world
oh and yeah i forgot to say guys it's a
boy pretty psyched about that it's a
freaking boy and i'm singing to myself
at the river of ohio
