what's up guys we're starting a new
series of videos where we take questions
from either YouTube or Facebook or
around the internet and we try to answer
them and so we got some questions today
that are mostly from Facebook and we're
gonna run through a couple of them and
see what we can get for you guys
number one Jamie from Facebook if it's
just a name it's from Facebook Jamie
from Facebook yeah
has anyone ever saw you guys and gone
oMG and what's it like being sexy famous
people you actually I do that's good
grammar is good so far alright what's
people see us and say oMG sometimes no
well we get sometimes we get follow to
the skate park and a lot of people come
up to us at our local skate park great
yeah challenge us to games of skate yeah
cuz if they win they get controlled yeah
I thought about that we can't lose any
more from now anymore I I've it lost to
I'm I've lost to you I won't apply I
won't do it I haven't lost yet so that's
good what's this two-parter what's it
like being sexy famous people no I have
not gotten sandy you're sexy I've never
gotten that another that compliment be
the first but if you're gonna be the
first person that sells we're sexy
please be female
TomTom's from facebook said a shoe
company no tom-toms I think I play him a
Scrabble I thought that was geez I'm Tom
rivers hung Tom's GPS that's what that
is
no that's not a GPS keep going yeah Tom
Tom why does someone tried to feed my
fish by putting a whole pizza in his
tank
last night you picked that question it
was a very good question alright
grammars great as usual and tried to
feed my fish by putting a whole piece go
on keep going
yeah I kind of went well alright answer
answer I'm sorry Tom Tom I made it to
you the time of day so you a whole pizza
fish tank you got a pretty big fish yeah
you got a big fish tank - that's not
cool for fish you don't know that what
to clean up do they eat them they don't
know when to stop eating they will die
themselves it's just me but if you put
in like Bagel Bites did you said old
pizza yes read those gummy pizzas which
would still probably kill it that would
man Kevin from Facebook what color is
your bike and do you have an Instagram
we talked about bike so much on this
on these videos mines black otherwise
I'll have a bike I don't have a PI I
have a white cat home from when I was
like in high school we should totally
hit that in the video then we need bikes
in the new of the new we are avenged
we're gonna get bikes in little do bikes
all have Instagram we all have yes
necklace mob Sam flew 0 4 8 7 Alex be
skating Tim May from Facebook I don't
say that every time
when will that revenge video be out with
8 question marks please now that's
really important because all right
there's no let me matter let me answer
this because I haven't even explained it
to you guys really what do I have um
it's an average this is the priority of
2012 is to get their events with you out
we've been saying you know it's
happening if she will be out in 2012
ok in feeling even if we have to have
crappy parts we all wanted that I have I
do YouTube videos and I work as a second
job and I run this company so I'm really
busy and it has to match up with their
schedules for us to all in Wildscape but
we're gonna be doing some weekend trips
being adults bring going to Philadelphia
yeah being adults does suck we're going
to be going to Philadelphia probably st.
Louis maybe Chicago and hopefully out to
California this year so we were going to
do whatever it takes to get this video
made we do have some footage aside for
it already but so November I'm thinking
November 2012
ok I'm sorry our lighting just messed up
so I know I'm sorry I'm we've been
talking about this for years we've been
really busy just constantly on YouTube
videos and doing you know just trying to
get a video out we on a weekly basis so
it is one of our priorities it it
probably will be called skate revenge
but I'm saying November 2012 final
answer ok guys what do you say 7 Chad
I'll see Jenko from Facebook
oh Sid Jenko keep going we got to get
these fast this is gotta be you could
you come to Barbary
very Ontario to FSU Florida State
University's there no Ontario Canada oh
okay we need passports I have one I do
too
no I want to go see we want to go but he
don't have a sport so we can't go
want to go visit Brent and company Brent
Brandon and honcho from when their
windsor yeah which you Windsor's close
yeah you guys know but we do want to get
to Canada we want to go to a lot of
places so the day we can get out of the
country we will let you guys know where
we're going and winds down keep going
Joakim from Facebook why did you choose
to call your brand revenge that's a
company for this guy I mean a question
question well it's comfort well him I I
came up with the name scare revenge diet
and I think it was actually Wes who said
let's just I was thinking about at the
same time but he was the first one so
it's just part of and maybe could be
wrong I don't know but it just kind of
we had the name for the video and then
we just switched it over to a company so
we just kept going
Josh Nicholson from Facebook would you
ever consider expanding revenge by
taking the crew overseas to say Europe
do a Europe tour meeting and skating
with your fans make a new series about
each country to Europe yeah we'd love to
go to Europe I think you can't be
everywhere but I mean of course maybe
consider that as you say you know would
you ever kids are we - we would love to
go everywhere but you know that would
take thousands upon thousands of dollars
so that might be a baby one day
if you guys support us that much where
we can we will come see all of you guys
oh yeah
do your tour EF we're over there you
know meet we'd love to meet you guys
bro Jax Lezak wants to know when did you
start skating I was 14 I was in middle
school so yeah like 1213 summer of 2004
right so how old were you 14 okay there
you go Sammy yeah a long time ago the
Polish Jacob Poli Poli Kowski public
Kowski what company was your first board
mine was a hookups mine was a World
Industries I think mine was a Dark Star
see you guys actually have like real
boards yeah but they were like Wernick
no no we say my first board I got off
air flex from Walmart
oh I didn't have I had the piece of
crack $15 boy head man I'm saying the
first one I bought well yeah my first
like real company was a dark story
Joseph Phillimore our Yousef I don't
know God put us how did you make up
revenge
it's alright do that one how did you
make up revenge well we just started
with a video we just wanted to make a
feature-length skate video and then we
ended up you haven't even finished that
yeah we got carried away well our
YouTube video has been it caught on and
everyone started saying let's give us
boards give us shirts and stuff we'll
buy them and we're like okay let's just
do a company and it turned into what it
is now part two who were the people that
it started with oh it was me Alex and
West were the first we're the poor
father's over eventually
and Jason was Jase Tyler and bang or
soon to find follow and then me later on
your new zero eight zero eight jrzjrz
YouTube user oh this guy's a YouTube
user Oh snaps dude are you stopping
revenge
when will it have twenty uh everyone's
panicking like did you stop we are
avenge like this is the same as last
year we it's it's snowing right now
surprise yeah we can't Street skate so
during the winter we just go indoors and
just park edits and revenge is off off
season I guess you could say from like
November until start Thursday this year
yeah so and come March will do will
start up season three of we are avenged
it's not going in winter break every
year yes places in spring doors it will
have twenty will hang John will have
twenty in this redone YouTube users
skate graph free seven-hour fur it's
good pets I want to get one yes ferrets
are great pets they're fun they're like
constant kittens and there's a downside
though they're entertaining yeah some of
them smell a little bit he'll bite you
right now that's that was never been
anyone you just smell good or something
man last question youtube user
just just slammed your face on the
keyboard another bunch of numbers hey ZZ
1999 why people skate note ugly face why
wait way people skating hour ugly face
question that's the last question like
that's the finale
Alex organized the question yes but I
mean that isn't also pretty awful
question if you do it well let's think
about it
you think what do you think he means way
people's it suppose the before when we
skate usually I think you might contort
your face before you do we should like
it is a good question though
like how people stick their tongues out
that is weird why she should do it yeah
everyone's got their own little thing
yeah that's their - I'm not saying
that's ugly but I mean like Brian Brian
Anderson used to have like a demon face
and he was like staring down a Ledge
like when he front blunted Bubba or
hubba
he was like he like had this thing like
I am going to murder you as that was
pretty cool I said Jerry Jerry hits you
whatever he sticks his arms out like
this that would face though but that's a
style you know it's like praying mantis
he's just gone he's good he's good CEO
that's his name so I guess that's it
guys um if you guys liked this give it a
thumbs up and we will do this again go
down there and ask some questions so
next time we pull this together we will
pick some of them and follow our
Facebook I'll put the link right down
there that's where we'll ask people to
ask questions as well and you'll be able
to stay up with all the news on their
bench so and we like all sorts of
questions
yeah be crazy let's have fun with it so
yeah you guys can say bye humbly see ya
it's a food chain yeah it's a deep futon
that we're in right here hey what are we
doing for Dindin
