I can trap them in the canyon inspector
gaseous to see you commandos now leaping
Panther that's wondering Giants youtube
what's up guys so yeah Sam and I are
here to tell you the winner of the
contest we did in December for all you
revenge supporters and there's only one
usually we do like a three thing like
third press 2nd prize first prize well
there's one per channel so josh is gonna
announce his winner on his channel and
I'm gonna nounce mine right here so do
you want to do the the drumroll you yeah
I could do a drum all ready winner is
jerbear three four five six will do the
name thing boom garebear three four five
six you did a really funny skit about um
yet her revenge deck and he was gonna
ollie off his roof and then he's just
like threw dummy and it made it look
like it was pretty funny it's exactly it
was the type of video that I've actually
done before but we thought it made us
all one yeah we were laughing and stuff
so uh that's awesome dude I'm we're
really psyched on your skit and we will
send you a deck we do probably ready
have a message in your inbox so just
make sure your parents know you're going
to set us your address and we will send
you a free deck of your choice um and
segue to to the next part the video
right all right I think she's writer we
go get the food there she's right there
go get her dude you suck at catching a
ferret dude we do and take two and we
have a rogue ferret that we can't pin to
put in her cage um so yeah guys we're
just get we're doing with other video
another time okay there she is get her
get her get her we're just gonna give
you a heads up on a couple things going
on this month and uh you know I'll do
another update you by myself and i'll
tell you a bunch of stuff you don't care
about but this could be short and sweet
we are doing a combo we have last month
we didn't do a combo where you can buy a
shirt and deck for a cheaper price on
our store there will be a link below
we're doing at 8.25 deck so for all you
guys who like a wider board it's like
it's 44 bucks and you get aboard
and a blue lifeline t-shirt we will
throw in some stickers and um we just so
happen to have an extra goodie this
month for the first 20 people who order
a skateboard for my online store you get
uh I'm not trying to how am I even in
this video why are you in this video
because this is making the first twenty
decks of this month from the online
store gets a free box video so that's
pretty cool right that's a little bonus
and we always throw in some stickers
guys we just we have some videos guys
stay tuned we have stuff on the way and
when he gets warmer out we will do
revenge all right now that I've got all
this unplanned cat ignis with Sam Sam I
didn't talk about the video and I kinda
just went with it he was confused he
just kind of crept away so I'm just
gonna really reiterate everything I just
said guys we have the combo for all you
uh wide skateboard deck likers my gosh I
can't talk 8.25 and a blue lifeline
t-shirt you can get those group together
for a cheaper price at our online store
the link is right below guys and every
board that goes are the first 20 boards
that go out this month from our online
store you get a free vox skate video
that's pretty cool bonus right so jump
on that because we're only giving out 20
of them and what else am I saying Oh for
all you guys who didn't get to enter the
contest last month cuz you can have any
revenge gear well this month we have
another video contest and you don't have
to you can be wearing whatever you want
you'd be wearing your mom's clothes in
fact that might actually increase your
chances of winning but check it watch
out for it it's going to be the biggest
contest I've ever done on my channel
you're going to be able to win some vox
gear and some revenge gear and it's
going to be pretty awesome I just want
to say thank you to everyone who entered
last month's contest there were a lot of
great contest entries and we enjoyed
them so can't wait see you guys next
entries and i think that's it we got
more footage coming as always and I
don't know we I got to film another
video right after this so I don't know
if that was just I'm gonna stop talking
Oh God her boom she was running away for
so long and now I got you yeah that's
right say subscriber daddy YouTube oh
wait you can't talk because you are not
intelligent as me goodbye Wow
q I'm gonna cut see you can't use this
clip get piss I'm gonna use it anyway
youtube what's up supporters in December
and um okay start again are you yeah
start again okay just here for the looks
nothing to say anything youtube what's
up guys sorry skewer your thunder really
is that how I I come across to young
sounds like it yeah youtube what's up
guys so
you
