there's Alex behind the dumpster and
he's like hey man I think I'm gonna do a
kickflip on this wall let's do it
yeah so what do all those clips have in
common other than they were all
skateboarding at all Alex beating doing
the skating well the answer is boom alex
is wearing a blue lifeline shirt and
every single one of those clips and it
does it does have sleeves I'm not gonna
lie on you know I was holding kind of
funny but I'm gonna give you guys a
chance to win that shirt right here
right now in this video every week
during the month of December I'm doing a
giveaway and this week is a blue
lifeline revenge key before I tell you
how to win it I'm going to explode your
brain by showing you this picture boom
yeah otter holding up its baby didn't
expect to see that in this video did you
alright guys so now that you've seen the
skateboarding footage and have no brain
because the otter I'm gonna tell you
guys how to win this shirt somewhere in
one of my videos I have posted a comment
that says we want ? okay you guys have
to find the video that i've posted on
and reply revenge ! i won and the first
person to reply with that wins the shirt
okay i will contact the the winner and
to say hey what size and what's your
address and you guys give me the info
and i will send you a brand new blue
lifeline t if you're younger than 18
make sure your parents know you're
answering this i know i just said
entering wrong you guess i gotta make
fun of me make sure your parents know
you're entering this because you got to
give me your address and i gotta you
know that's private information the
normal spiel in my contests and a lot of
you guys are saying like this would be
impossible because you have so many
comments it's like well when i post a
comment it's going to be towards the top
of the video so you're gonna you're
gonna click on a video and it's going to
come up and you'll know if that's the
video or not because it'll be right
there or be the top comment and also an
easy way to navigate my videos you just
go to my main page click the subscribe
yo little bar thing on top of the videos
and and go to my main page and click
uploads and it'll just like drop down a
list of like all of the videos so uh I
believe that's the way it works either
way you know just go look at all my
videos and you can you can click in back
out go in and go crazy and yeah you guys
have any questions posted below are that
good luck when the contest winner has
been selected I'll come back here and
close
so if comments are closed right now guys
the shirt has already been won and I'm
sorry but tune in next week I will have
another giveaway and i'm not sure what
i'm doing yet but it'll be cool so
subscribe if you haven't already and
yeah stay tuned guys and real quick yes
you can win this anywhere in the world I
do not care what country what street
what house and if you have an address i
will send it to you so it's not just us
only good look
guessing a number a letter a word oh
shut up Andy you're dumb gosh I swear I
my worst critic aren't I I'm like the
first to make fun of myself and it hurts
it hurts i sit here before i start a
video and I'm like man I don't want to
do this i'm just gonna get made fun of
by myself and then I've just come out
and take me away because I am insane now
every week during December this is the
second week why do I gotta put that in
freakin middle of the squash what's the
squash because he has his own copy but
oh shut up gosh I'm not never gonna film
this ever going to ever ever ever ever
ever get ever ever ever ever ever ever
gonna film this ever ever ever ever ever
you deserved that Andy but by my nose
looks we're does it looks really weird
right now like this so it looks maybe my
mother's just sucks
you
