mom you are on YouTube right now and I
just wanted to tell you that I hit
40,000 subscribers
yeah is that is there anything you want
to say say to YouTube right what's up
guys I really did hit 40,000 subscribers
Shah was like I got to make a youtube
video I got to make an update video
wherever this is called so that's what
I'm doing I'm doing this right now
eating some Special K bar I'm gonna talk
about a bunch of crazy stuff here be
happy and sad and excited and I'm done
I'm done talking let's just do this
video how about that first thing is
first guys like I've said a couple times
already I did hit 40,000 subscribers and
I just wanted to say that you guys are
the best subscribers in the world
I am completely grateful to you watch my
videos and I will keep making them for
you
when I hit Facebook be quiet not what I
hit Facebook when I hit 50,000
subscribers I'll throw a party or
actually I probably won't throw a party
but I'll do a video that's highly
entertaining based on 50,000 subscribers
or something along those lines
this is a stapler and my life lately is
just kind of been well it's been 100% no
sleep and all work it feels like revenge
has been selling so many decks like I
went to the post office today and I just
I there was 20 packages I just ship out
that's not easy to stand in the post I
was lying and like bring 20 packages in
so yeah there's been non-stop revenge
work
there's I've been trying to do YouTube
video I've been skating a lot for videos
that are you know about to come out and
I've been trying to make time for this
this is a great game Skyward Sword you
know the new Zelda I'm still just I'm
like at the second temple right now so I
haven't had much time that and Call of
Duty is the only relaxing time I have
pretty much oh and the girlfriend and I
are watching Dexter I'm really into that
I'm just I'm finishing up season 5 right
now and about to start the new season so
really excited about that
that's my personal life in a nutshell
I'm gonna move on to some more things
that we're gonna talk about boom boom
BAM boom I did just want to take a
second and say thank you to everyone who
is
Vox using my coupon code for those of
you who are clueless right now Vox
Footwear they're you know they're my
favorite shoe company they're giving 20%
discount to every single one of my
viewers you just go to their online
store pick whatever you want and you
type in the coupon code and each Rock no
space just smash it all together and you
get 20% off everything so a lot of you
guys have been taking advantage of this
and I just want to say thank you that's
awesome
I'm glad you guys are you know getting
the goods for a little bit cheaper and
they're my favorite like I said like
it's cool to know that you guys are
wearing the same stuff as me too
unfortunately I have take this video
down a notch guys I have some bad news
my ferrets Nintendo who you've probably
seen in my older videos if you watched
those has passed away you know
pets are like fem members to me and I
was you know I've had her for a long
time she lived a long happy life but you
know I was pretty pretty sad to wake up
and see that she had moved on so I just
wanted to take a second in this video
and play some footage of her in her
honor so watch this Nintendo
I'm gonna miss you I love you cute
footage
and this is appropriate time to
introduce you to my new members of my
family my girlfriend and I recently got
two baby ferrets which they're not
really babies anymore actually this guy
right here is about the size of small
cat this is honey badger don't care and
if you guys don't know what that's from
you really need to go to youtube that
type in those words and watch the video
if they just woke up they're all tired
they're usually bouncing around getting
in these things and this is lamb chop
I'm not really quite sure why her name
is lamb chop but that's just what we
decided I guess
yeah they rock and I should do a video I
should do a video these guys Sun's up if
you guys want to see some ferrets
craziness but they're gonna miss
nintendo too so i'm gonna i'm done with
all the sad machine this guy's and i'm
gonna go to the next part the video
goodbye so like I do in every video I
have to update you guys about the
revenge or my skateboard company we're
doing great we cannot thank you guys
enough you guys have are buying so much
stuff and supporting us and we're really
moving along so this next year's gonna
be really exciting for revenge recently
we just got some more black we are
revenge decks and I know a bunch of you
guys been asking about this one so it's
in stock the link is below go crazy guys
and I do believe we are done being out
of specific sizes we have a good amount
of stock in right now so 7.75 s Nate
point owes they've been selling out a
lot lately but we have we have a pretty
good number in so from here on out I
don't think that will be an issue in
January we have one maybe two new
graphics coming out and then in February
or early March will probably have
additional two graphics coming out and
then we have in January I get girl
shirts done because we've been getting a
few requests on those and then we'll get
a new graphic tee and maybe another
lifeline color I don't know also we're
gonna do hats I know you got a lot of
you guys been asking about that we are
going to do hats so stay tuned guys you
know like the more we get rolling the
faster this will happen the more decks
we'll have out and it'll be great I know
like 90% of our sales or more are going
straight to you guys I just wanna remind
you guys to ask your skate shops to
carry it a lot of you guys tell us
like hey put them in the shop it's like
we don't do that we can't control that
you got to have your skate shop ask us
and then we you know we'll sell to them
so ask your skate shops or order you
know show them your deck like hey you
know I have this but I wanted to buy it
from you like we want to support local
skate scenes so try to get your skate
shops to carry it they can go to a
website and they can contact us and we
will send them decks so that's it I
think
the revenge world's going good like I
said life is crazy and oh I'm moving
back to Cincinnati yeah in like a couple
weeks I have a place down there and
revenge is gonna have its own command
center it's gonna be like two separate
places which is kind of cool
so there's that and videos this month I
mean we're doing weekly giveaways I'm
doing weekly giveaways on my channel I'm
giving away a revenge shirt tomorrow
hold on like I call oh my gosh initially
give me for like a year and then we have
skate videos I don't have a lot of times
you go like to film skits and stuff
right now so in January you'll start
seeing more goofy videos I and I got to
do a Christmas video I did a Christmas
video last year I don't know what I'm
gonna do yet but it's probably gonna end
up being in public wearing a Santa hat
so look forward to that we have a skate
naked which is a skate park we have a
skate naked to edit coming this weekend
and then some we'll have we'll have
something just keep watch the channel
guys there's bloopers after this and I'm
done
this is still a stapler goodbye
try to catch that because it's not my
stapler
yeah hey I just I hit 40,000 subscribers
on YouTube and I just wanted to tell you
guys yeah hi Wendy's I just I just
wanted to tell you guys I hit 40,000
subscribers on YouTube and I just had to
tell you Wendy's you're welcome um you
know obviously I couldn't do without you
guys that's pretty self-explanatory
that's not really self-explanatory
that's obvious obvious is the word I was
looking for fingers really making videos
for you guys other than that I'm just
gonna talk about your stuff it's just a
set here's for you guys and if you you
got to have you got a that is how much
you can't care when you're on YouTube to
make that face and I actually just
uploaded that on the internet like
thousands of people just saw that face
and yet I still have a girlfriend weird
how this world works
