what does this face look like this look
like a face that's about to give you a
Christmas present because if you said
yes or thought yes that's kind of weird
that you would think that when you look
to my face for real guys I do kind of
have a Christmas present for you
unfortunate i can't send all of you guys
a wrapped gift but i do have something
else and I'm gonna I'm just gonna dress
this right now I really don't think a
trucker hat looks good on me I don't
even know how to wear this thing my hair
looks take an idiot so I'll just put
this back on but as you probably noticed
there are some box symbols flowing
around this video and yes the Christmas
present is a box related during the last
two years of my life I I've been skating
Vox relief troopers actually I have one
right here that I just retired this one
and I've been skating this shoe as much
as I can when I find it a skate shop I
would buy it if you go back and look at
all my in my videos last few years
you'll see these pop up a lot of times
and not just on me a lot of the revenge
guys skate relief troopers but um it's
really hard to find good skate shoes
these days ten years ago it I don't know
skin shoes were just different now there
it just seems like they all like they
did they just don't feel the same and
these are the like the one shoes one
pair of shoes that I could just put on
and I can skate really good in so I
really like the company and I contacted
them and I've been talking to them and
during the month of December we managed
to get everyone that watches my videos a
discount on Fox products if you order on
their online store they gave me a coupon
code and all it is is Andy schrock so if
you're ordering anything from box this
this Christmas season this December when
you're checking out they'll be like look
coupon code hit and east rock and you
get twenty percent off everything so
that was really cool um I was I was like
it was high you know I went to them to
see if we could like you know work
together what not but they offered that
and I was like that's awesome you know
like I'd love to give back to my
subscribers and make sure you spell my
last name right not a lot of people know
there's a scene in there so it's and esc
hrs ck so that's not a bad Christmas
right i mean i know a lot of you guys
already skate Vox but everyone using
this will be supporting a great true
skate shoe company and that is a good
thing but I have even more good news
guys I'm going to be giving away some
free goodies during the month of
December uh for the rest of the month
I'm going to be giving a one free goodie
one free item each week for the rest of
the month and
what this trucker hat doesn't look too
cool on me so I think I'm gonna be
giving this way as the first item next
week or this upcoming week everyone to
look at it and it was brand new right
before this video I just I decided to
wear it for this video I'm a clean dude
I'm I assure you that and the second
week I'm going to be giving away a
revenge shirt a brand new unworn or
event shirt i might add and then I
haven't decided for the next two weeks
they might get even bigger and better as
prizes so stay tuned for all that and at
the end of the video there will be a URL
it'll be boxes facebook so make sure you
head over there give them a like and
tell them I sent you so they'll be like
oh and attracts actually doing something
for us but yeah i'll put the link down
there as well and that's just be
prepared for more videos be prepared for
some giveaways and last thing i would do
this hat before I ship it out to send
whoever wins it I'm going to do a trick
for you guys I'm going to press the face
a tu you will have no face when this is
done I just did that it was sketchy but
I did it subscribe or die
hi I'm Andy strike I can't it's my phone
right now because I'm either making a
YouTube video or making a YouTube video
so yeah call me back is you fell deep
and make sure you smell it right oh no
not in truth i knows it ain't oh my gosh
I gotta see right now I don't know why
I'm standing
you
