came out of the darkness in the middle
of the night who's that guy thank you I
brought my friend Carlos Carlos that's
great uh you're looking at Carlos what's
his name then Carlos
don't go
Hey
yeah
not pink
Hey
Hey
Wow dude alright cool our days on yeah
and there's plenty more where that came
from
what's up guys so I keep finding myself
explaining that I try not to talk during
these three black videos but with this
one I made an exception because I wanted
to personally say Carlos I'm so proud of
you congratulations Tom he was so
patient and waiting for the three block
project to come to existence it was like
a year and a half two years in the
making I swear and he waited so
patiently and if you've ever seen Carlos
skate in real life you understand just
how long he has deserved this I feel
like there's not going to be a video
that correctly shows how talented Carlos
actually is you could give him a ten
stare and say you have to do twenty
tricks and he's probably going to come
out with ten to twenty tricks the guy is
phenomenally talented super super good
so I just want to say congratulations if
you guys want to support Carlos his
board is out
you saw it earlier just a few seconds
ago in this video it's on the strength
quarters comm along with the other three
block stuff so the launch went super
successful there was a lot of support
show and I just want to thank everybody
and we just read on some stuff so if we
were out of you're sizing my lunch again
is that the shredded quarters calm but
that is it
hope this got you psyched to go skate
most of this stuff was filmed by Nigel
and ka here on YouTube one of the best
human beings I'll ever meet in my life
so I urge you to check out his channel
I'll put it right down in the info and
yeah he's really good with a camera and
he's really good on a skateboard too a
super cool guy so uh yeah congratulate
Carlos check out Nigel get out there and
skate Carlos is dead it's a home alone
parity and it has Carlos's face on it so
I mean we you know you be skating and
you could look down and see Carlos's
face so there you guys go that's it
I do videos here all the time so hit the
subscribe button right down below if you
want to see more that's it I get to
skateboard today so I'm very excited I'm
going to go do that
you guys should too I'll see you soon
soon I'm done I'm done
you
