what's up guys I gotta give you a
warning things are about to get pretty
weird here in a few seconds with that
said this is the funniest Bluebird
montage six boom that's right don't
don't touch those keyboards just yet
find a flaw somewhere else in this video
cuz this ain't one of them that was cool
it's recording this that's where that's
the type of crap I do all the time that
doesn't make it to the videos I do that
I'd like it's recording but weird stuff
like yeah I found a file on my file a
freaking video oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh
I'm gonna go to the doctor's office one
time and my girlfriend to be there with
me she we concerned like dr. white
why is my boyfriend mentally challenged
and he's like well I'm sorry to tell you
this he YouTube is the reason because
because of YouTube he is mentally
challenged point out that is really hot
and warm you know it's it's pretty warm
it's it's pretty much with that said I'm
gonna do this update but for real what
is up YouTube first off before I say
anything I just want to say that is
saying something you idiot first up
before I say something I want to say
something so don't say something if
you're not gonna you know hearsay
all right funniest montage video one um
why don't we keep saying video cuz I'm
fake I'm blooping on the fake stuff does
that make sense I'm looping on the fake
stuff fate stuff Jedi lore the Rings put
Harry Potter Star Trek I don't know I
haven't even talked about anymore haha
okay I was on apparently I was
bulldozing on my computer there's what
you guys notice that there's like every
video now when I just want to mess up
all I do is make a wave face like I'll
just be mid set it's kind of hard to
read you're in and shadow recreated this
Myrlie but it doesn't only have the same
space as but that word that I made up
test pizazz thing because they're pretty
gross so watch it
no don't watch it wait start over as of
today I'm done
oh look at these options make it
everyone make it ever all these eyebrows
does you'd be like wow just when you
look at my eyebrows he's done and then
her face is just killing our event so
take that for whatever it meant because
I don't know what it actually meant that
I'm just talking words out my mouth
speak Neuromancer know it might a wise
person just once Oh once messed up his
freaky line 9 to line I had every right
down just messed up speaking English
talking moving mouth dude this video is
just entire talking video an entire
talking video this video in its entirety
is a talking video this video talking
entirely also stupid I knew I want to
upload a video today and you know
yesterday morning or whatever you know
the day of that I was gonna film this
video today what am I why don't I got to
go into such detail like that they're
smart enough to figure out that this is
not the exact time this is happening who
are you talking to you oh my gosh I'm
developing some a personality the
YouTube Annie and the other Andy that's
not YouTube this is oh my oh my oh my
gosh I need to see a psychiatrist oh
yeah I'm just gonna talk about what I
always talk about and that is a life
lesson no that's not what or what I'm
not quite sure I have control over what
I say anymore I say it's been a little
it's been over a week since I filmed us
talking part in a YouTube video and I
think I think I'd like there's like
another being in me that's just spouting
out nonsense actually maybe I am I want
to talk about hair but alright what
alright blame blame blame blame blame
blame hand hand not a hand that was a
lot I was actually still a hand I'm an
idiot
drama time this is where I just talked
for a bunch bunch of tons of seconds and
did a bunch of tons of seconds come on
ding head number than shut up for a
bunch of tons of men
to the miniscule environment and uh-oh
my hand just got shot by damn a generic
bullet and I'm sorry I cannot give like
I said before I'm sorry I can't give I'm
sorry that I repeat myself like a
frickin plastic surgery patient what
what did that mean
for this season until the spring so if
we have good weather oh my gosh Andy
you've done it again you're sitting here
and talking and saying things that just
people do not care about are you ever
gonna learn I don't know well you should
you do you got to take some advice for
someone then dude quit just quit talk
stop talking look at the sign I know
you're right I know you're okay I'm done
that is how insane
