you know what before I even start
talking other than the part right now
that i'm talking i'm going to show you
guys some random skate clips that we got
in the skateboard tonight watch this
mine was kind of weird are you feeling
miss still yeah cake is the camera here
we go I'm gonna do this gap over here
tilt the camera like food okay
alright guys so the rest of this video
is just for people interested in revenge
products so if you're not interested in
that go watch something else go outside
and play I don't kit I don't so don't
care what you do just you know or keep
watching this video I really that's how
much I don't care about what you do but
yeah hell is an ice cube right now guys
because it just froze over because we
have revenge Dixon finally I got some
good news and some bad news I got some
more good news as more bad news
basically I have a bunch of news um the
first part of the bad news is that we
only have one graphic in stock right now
the good news is we have two different
colors of it I know this links looks
like one big American flag or France
French flag you know whatever but these
are the color combos we got we will get
more colors in the future if these were
to came in in time we would have another
graphic ready for you guys but we had to
get these to sell them to get some money
for the next graphic so with the next
month and a half we will have two new
graphics coming out I do believe so stay
tuned for those we're gonna have a
contest to give you a chance to win one
of the new graphics before everyone else
gets to buy it so that's all I want to
say about the contest because I got to
still work it out but yeah these are in
and the the good news is that we have a
lot of new sizes we have 8.5 we have 8.1
28 we have 7.5 the bad news is that we
are out of 7.75 for a couple days we
only got like forty percent of the
shipment and the next two batches we're
going to come with the next couple days
and all the 775 run the other batches so
um so if you want a 775 you just have to
wait a couple more days guys they'll be
online as soon as I have them and I want
to say that we probably not to get
another shipment of decks in before what
I call it Christmas so if you guys try
to get one of these for for christmas
tell your parents that hey these might
not be around to come you know christmas
shopping time because you're going to
wait the last second that's probably not
going to work so that's just a heads up
guys if we do get another batch in heck
yeah i'll let you guys know but um also
you know we have
the new shirts which I talked about
these in other videos if you order board
it's because time to get out more than
you see right we have the different
color lifelines we have a couple of more
colors this now we have the just focused
tea and then we have this in black as
well with like a light green logo it's
pretty stylish I mean you wear this and
then like girls are like oh my gosh let
me poke you on facebook it's nuts so
yeah all the products in the store go
check it out the link is right down
there if you live in Cincinnati Columbus
or Northern California you should go to
a Sketchup because we want to support
local skate scenes rather than you know
destroy them so if you live in
Cincinnati go to galaxy or concrete city
I'll put a list of the skate shops down
there old school here in Columbus
carries them and and then metro up in
northern california san francisco bay
area wherever metro is they're gonna
have some real soon i think they're sold
out right now but they'll have some soon
just keep in touch with called jewel
called you all day and ask him i don't
know it's yeah it's getting late I've
been talking here for a long time so I'm
going to go guys oh and a lot of people
ask about stickers you get stickers with
every order or if you find us in real
life we will give you stickers but um
this is actually a new one I don't know
if I showed this in a video I don't know
if I've shown any of these in the videos
so I'll just do it here's this one and
here's this one yeah you get these and I
usually throw in some extra stickers i
have lying around two so uh guys thank
you for all the support i really hope
these boards last longer than a couple
weeks and we're going to get another
board order and as soon as possible and
we'll have two new graphics and we're
going to get more of the old we are
revenged x in as well so keep supporting
us and we will get this Roland we will
not be out of dex one day we will like
have a bunch of decks and be like hey we
got plenty just buy them all up and yeah
so I got a lot going on I have a video
part for say I'm like a mini video edit
coming out Wednesday and then we have
blue / montage 6 this weekend I do
believe so I hope you guys all have an
awesome thanksgiving I'm gonna stop
talking to talking way too long in fact
you know what I'm not going to sleep
because I really need to sleep I'm just
going to our
here instead of an outro goodbye stop
beeping computer
oh I'm like sweating sitting here trying
to face sleep in my youtube video ah I
did you know what I wish I had more
control of the oh here's my here's my
health up here by the time the frame my
mouth sucks Hey look so stupid no more
miles on my channel all right bye
you
