the same pair that brought you breast
cancer awareness products have just one
question for you do you know what is
free product
do you think seeing a three male be as
all that their way so you get a look at
all of our 3d products that's right Jim
in fact I've been man running rebel
energy drinks all day long to bring you
these amazing 3d problems we're gonna
take these 3d products and show them
straight up you can't say that Bob oh
really
that's unbelievable are you sick of
living in a depressing black-and-white
2d world one get a 3d products from on
3d everything we three do you think 3d
visual 3d PS 3d 3d sands of time on
polar 3d 93d sale product do you feel
that prices why don't you pick out on
these Idol 3d interspecies relationship
training literature free oxygen crazy
from Goodwill it's not crap I feel like
what's wrong yeah 3d magic is flowing
through my fingertips with this 3d magic
wand watch this
it's like he's in your living room
three the only drink reading broken
relationship 3ds down someone else's
property 3d 3d and if you call now this
breathing friends friendship is
priceless 3d 3d website on freakin
believable
good luck hiding your partner from these
amazing 3d products you know what mom
what here's your life in a two dimension
then the third dimension quad coil it is
so crazy
order out and not only are these
products 3d they're also durable one
punch it's still here imma try not to
punch custom it's still day on audience
member would you like to punch it yeah
alright well that would grow fun three
punches is pretty good the wet snow on
tool it is still on the lip stop the let
let me see it just put it in my hand
take that
and call the number below if you order
within the next 15 minutes you'll get a
free can of spray snow good on your
friends YouTube congratulations guys
you've reached the end of this video
which is really exciting I know but I
hope you guys enjoyed this skit I have a
couple links here for you this is
actually a sequel skit about how you
know people make 3d products about
everything these days and it's
ridiculous well the original skit boom
is right here this is the booby saving
video this makes fun of how people
abused breast cancer products so check
that out and when you're done with that
come down here and go BAM you're going
to find some outtakes and bloopers and
extras from this skit we just did and
that's over on Nick Mitchell's channel
he's the one of the other guys in this
it's his record labels channel it's
grasshopper just records so you know
check that out and subscribe to the
channel they do like music obviously
they do skits they do a bunch of just
randomness so it's a good time and yeah
the links are right here and I'm just
gonna kind of pass the time and I'll
probably fade out and I don't know if
I've faded out the video so long so Jen
tintin tintin tintin tintin tintin
tintin tintin tintin tintin I'm fading
out you can't see me and the video is
over right now
just kidding it's over now I said I like
spam
