youtube what's up guys three items round
silver like thing BAM rubber band piece
of rubber band doesn't matter boom ruler
this is actually a fourth thing but that
doesn't count because this is the victim
okay in this case it's a lego harry
potter i don't think he came back down
but for real guys this is an update
video if you're new to my videos is
basically where i'm going to talk about
things that are going to my life and on
my channel and whatnot so if you don't
want to see a random guy talk about
things then by all means don't watch
this video but for all you guys that are
going to get informed here in a second
stay tuned um this was supposed to be a
lot better up David you okay I was
supposed to be making this bin like hey
revenge boards are back in stock go buy
them but instead it is 3am I have a
Hague I've been up for a very long time
with a little sleep and I have to make
this video to inform you guys else wise
elsewhere it is really three am I have
no idea what I'm saying alright guys i
will explain their vengeance off in just
a second but i have a few things that i
want to address before i wrap up this
update video this is going to be a
rushed bad update video but you're gonna
get informed and the next update video
is gonna blow your socks off if you're
wearing socks don't we go on if you're
not wearing socks socks we blown onto
your feet it'll be nuts so the other day
I got a message from user saying that he
was really annoyed that I ignore his
messages and he's like you love your
fans and you say that you care and all
that but you never respond to me so I
just want to take a second and say guys
I do my best to reply to comments and
messages and whatnot you know I go on my
pug for your page every once in a while
and I go down an answer like ninety-nine
percent even if it's just to say hey
thanks or you know response like a dress
that someone said something I'm really
good about on there on here it's really
really hard i get hundreds of comments a
day a lot of the times and with here and
facebook combined i get 0 you know over
30 messages a day and somewhat i'm too
busy to stop in my inbox for like five
days and there's
150 new messages it's just I really
can't do it I'm sorry I do my best guys
but please do not be offended if I have
not replied to on a message at or
whatnot I literally have over 2000
messages in my inbox right now on my
youtube inbox and like I said I do my
best I truly do care guys I I read most
of everything that is said to me cuz I
get it my email but I can't like you
know sit there respond every single one
of my phone but so I read the things you
say and I appreciate it all I just am
physically unable to respond all you
guys I have a really busy life I'm
driving between cities all time filming
in different places and you know trying
to run my own skateboard company so I
just wanna remind you guys I'm not
trying to nor you i love you guys and I
appreciate everything you say but I'm
doing my best so do not please be
offended I don't know if I just rambled
on for way too long but the message i
think has been delivered so next part
video okay guys i'm seriously about to
fall asleep but i'm gonna get this video
done I wanted to say that video games
are like the best thing ever right now
there are so many good games coming out
okay like model over 3 you saw the skit
I'm i did i'm sure i have been I've
definitely not had enough time to play
that as much as I'd like I would love to
play that eight hours a day and just in
hang out online my friends bike and also
this boom came out super mario land
super mario 3d land whatever however you
say what's written right here this is a
fantastic Mario i'ma like the third
world and it feels like mario 64 so and
that was that's one of the best
platformers and former so if you have
not picked up a 3d 3ds this is a reason
to okay if you need more reasons boom
and boom all right amazing games they're
supposed to be like a crazy Resident
Evil coming out for it as well so this
is the time the 3ds is pretty cheap and
it's definitely worth it if not for this
game alone also the new zelda is coming
out in boom three days i am completely
excited for they're saying it's the best
note ever so i am going to have to lose
sleep to play all these games and I
wanted to take time in my update video
tell you guys about it so yeah I'm ready
for all this next part of video
engage in the revenge world we had
skateboards things were you know we
started the company we were selling
board so insurance all that stuff and he
was awesome but we sold out a lot faster
than we thought we would I put the the
second board order in two weeks before
we sold out and the first board order
took about a week and a half to get to
us so it was a fairly quick process I
was like all right I'll get this board
order n you know worst-case scenario we
have a few days we'd all have boards no
big deal well it's been over a month and
we still don't have decks in worked I
thought I was gonna get him today I was
gonna be over like say hey there back in
stock go crazy but unfortunately we have
to wait till the end of the week or
possibly beginning of next week but uh
you know talk to would press company
they've been having a lot of issues and
they said their shrink wrapping them
right now I'm gonna send them out like
earlier today or tomorrow so I'm still
going to make a video the moment I get
them they'll just put a little thing up
saying hey they're in go get them but I
do want to say for all you people
wanting a revenge deck for Christmas um
you know I i'm going to put another
border and right away so we have it but
there is obviously a chance that it
takes a long time and we might not get
another shipment before Christmas so if
you want to ask for one for christmas be
sure to type your parents say hey they
might not get more in so and i want my
size all that stuff so get on that if
you want to ask for that just a heads up
order it sooner rather than later but
yeah on the bright side though we do
have new shirts in we have a couple new
color schemes and the lifeline this
being one of them red we also have a
blue with white graphic and then we have
a new shirt the just focus t-shirts okay
it's a sequence of a dude stopping a
board we we thought it was pretty cool
beginning some good feedback so hope you
guys like it this is actually the first
time you can order red or venture so
this is the first time I've ever had
them for sale and we also have a black
version of this one as well so yeah you
might want if you're going to order a
board you can just order the same time
because it's cheaper that way but if
you're especially small small selling
pretty fast so if you want to make sure
you get your size I would order sooner
rather later again but yeah other than
products we got some cool videos coming
we have an awesome park montage to kick
off the winter season it's probably my
favorite part montage
but we've ever done so stay tuned for
that apart from revenge skate videos
coming I have a really big skit that
I've been talking about that I've been
needing to edit for a long time now and
I've edited it and it's coming up this
weekend and I think you're gonna like it
is this sequel skit and when you see it
you'll be like oh alright I know this is
so yeah I've got more videos coming I'm
moving back to Cincinnati next month so
i'm going to be able to film and goof
off a lot more with my friends so yeah
it's exciting times but it's so busy and
I need to fall asleep right now what I'm
not doing it so yeah I'm gonna stop
talking because I will ramble on forever
at three o'clock in the morning
apparently but for all you iphone users
I just want to say that I'm on Instagram
you guys should follow me my name is
reckless mob I'll write it down there so
in the video info so you don't know how
to say you know how to spell it whatever
and if you have an iPhone and do not
have Instagram definitely download it's
pretty cool it's like a social photo
sharing site so you take pictures and
show taro and they're like I like that I
want to comment on that and all that
stuff so definitely do it I am going to
take this control pills and throw it I'm
going to take my iphone and not throw it
at all I did toss it onto the desk right
there I'm gonna go guys bloopers the end
of this of course and I am done good bye
subscribe or buy
so so so so so so hard I try so hard I'm
too tired for this I'm really too tired
for this crap what am I what was I just
said what what just happened I was like
my gosh so I gotta respond to this to
everyone how how many times if I guess I
respond to the day / explained over
splendor explain it flowed really
explain stutter explain awkward moment
pause British are coming the Redcoats
Paul Revere Sarah Palin I don't know
what I'm talking about I really don't
this is this is what happens at 3am when
I mess up my brain is in over mode over
run mode it's an overbearing mode it's
this is a perfect example I didn't know
I didn't know how to explain what I
don't I explain now to make this face
though
you
