what's up guys this is another revenge
shop check this time we're gonna do
concrete city skate shop it's actually
the only skate shop on Beechmont avenue
which is my stomping grounds I've
learned all my skateboarding on the
street so this shop is kind of cool for
me it's on the eastern side of
Cincinnati the Mount Washington area to
be specific it's a really well put
together shop you can see that just from
the front entrance but what really is
cool about this place is their wall of
boards you walk in it's just like BAM
you have plenty of options different
companies different shapes sizes they
have it all they have everything else
you're gonna need at a skate shop of
course you got your trucks wheels
accessories shoes clothes more clothes
pads they even have some really cool
complete Cruiser decks with some weird
shapes so those are fun concrete is
owned by two guys actually Toby and Adam
they're both really nice dudes they've
been in the skate game forever if you
need anything they're there to help you
with it if they don't have something you
need they'll get on the phone right
there and order it so you know if you go
in there and you need help they're there
for you which is awesome and actually
just a couple minutes away from the shop
is my hometown skate park
I call it Beechmont Park it's actually
called Beach acres skate park but if you
go to the shop definitely try to check
out this park it's a great park and you
might actually see revenge there we
always meet up there at the beginning of
the day to go skate
so we're there a lot whoo you're
watching right now is clay stein he
rides for concrete city and he's just a
local shredder he crushes the park more
than anyone I mean just look at that
back Smith right there that's like the
best thing that's the best thing you'll
see today probably the guy kills it so
that's it if you live on the east side
or central part of Cincinnati definitely
check out concrete city a lot of the
times they'll have like barbecue skate
sessions where you can skate and eat and
just hang out or they'll throw contest
of the local park they definitely
support the local skate community which
is awesome and they also carry our
avenged X so if you want one of those
they'll have one for you you know if you
don't want one of those I'll have
something else for you
so that's it I'm done talking here and
oh you know what I'm not done talking I
just lied to you and I'm sorry after the
outro I will have some skate footage of
revenge at Beechmont Park which you most
likely seen already but unless you know
it's just in case you're one of those
new weird people that are just watching
my videos for the first time you can see
some skateboarding that's it guys I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go watch some random
this on the internet I'm just kidding
I'm gonna work I'm said I'm telling you
too much I'm gonna go goodbye
