modern warfare free I have been waiting
so long for this you have no idea my
gosh I'm gonna be playing this until my
eyes are bleed to the ding if you know
what I'm saying oh my gosh no wait the
killstreaks The Offspring
hey you know what that was kind of rude
to interrupt me like that yes I still
want to order your pizza
I mean asked me how I was doing I was
telling you you just said boom goes the
dynamite and you were completely serious
yeah I will completely come up with
something better than that
dad buy six choppers yeah because one
wouldn't be good enough you had to said
six flying across the map right now your
stop talking you're dead I just got
spawned with a gun pointed at my face
why you just want me inside a grenade or
just throw it low be able to save time
oh I have not played this map and it
looks like another broken city well what
do they do when they were creating this
like you know I don't know what to do
with this room Jim
well they throw some rubble in there a
broken bookshelf like we did for all the
other maps I still I still do not want
to talk to you okay your name is Pogo
Weiner 1001 what was wrong when you're
creating your username were there other
with our 1,000 other Pogo wieners my
gosh look small tank just killed me I
think was like Robocop's da boom goes
the Death Star that's right totally just
one up to you mr. dynamite nope nope
mine is better
mine's better mine's better nine is
better Robocop's dog just killed me
again so you can wash the car from hell
every time you talk I'm just gonna
scream from now on oh my gosh you sound
like that broken goat from youtube
please hit puberty mine is better
mine is better mine is better it's like
one the second someone sees me I'm dead
it's like one bullet and you're gone
what is this reality oh spawn spawn
dance one spawn spawn dad dad dad
grenade bullets gun for another face
every Maps broken
shut up Pogo all right no no no listen
all right I'm gonna get up and I'm gonna
go make out with a girl something you
will never do and then I'm gonna come
back here and I'm gonna join your game
and I'm going to kill you so hard you
were going to respawn in modern warfare
4 all right good luck
sadly I have to point out that this is a
skit the first time I ever did one of
these kids I did not address that fact
and everyone was like oh this is so fake
your controllers not even purple or
whatever they were saying much stuff
it's like guys it's painfully obvious
that this is not real this is a skit so
I hope you guys understood that I hope
you guys enjoyed it
it's that time of year again the call of
duty time which is an exciting exciting
time if you're a you know like 99% of
the males on this planet and get all
psyched to play online shooters and I've
never really got into online shooters
except for the Call of Duty series like
starting with montemor for two and just
like that it's really good and black ops
was awesome but modern warfare 3 I'm a
little more excited for because it's
modern warfare yeah I just wanted to do
a little shout out though for my guys in
the Bema that's my clan that's why it's
on the white board right there yeah we
uh is the guys I play with and it's
really good time also some people that
you know bask with and Nigel um you know
and ka or Nigel Alexander who you know
who I'm talking about at this point they
play - Nigel it's already like yesterday
we were all talking on Twitter for a
while and Nigel was already at like
level 50 or something like 48 and it's
like he works really hard he like he's
like a be like is out filming and like
doing videos all the time he's still
like has time to level up to that so
fast cuz I was like I wasn't like the
mid-30s at that point so yeah there he's
crushing and basket authority has like a
gold g36 like my gosh I'm slacking I'm
not like the best player in the world
but like they are crushing
so yeah that's it I got some bloopers
from this video you guys might want to
watch that and I'm gonna go probably
plays with Call of Duty hang out with
your girlfriend all of the above tonight
and this is the first time I really want
to just shove this this can this pyramid
of Mountain Dews down but then it's like
the cans of bursts and start spraying
all over the computer laptop crappy
printer cherrywood all get ruined so
this is the one time um be responsible
guys watch these bloopers goodbye
this Pogo wiener 1001 really I mean
alright pull it in I'm dead oh my gosh
the second you pull to the face pull a
gun to the face Matt
as ever City broken this is not that
easy this one spawned a dad your name
gun spawn grenades his face go and put
at your pot what every single time you
say something my headset is falling off
and I don't care that's what you get
when you don't wear underwear
that was stupid now you guys think I'm
not wearing to wear but I am boxers you
didn't need to know that I'll stop
singing
