oh damn oh fuck
Master Qin right open did you see that
but seriously he did just take a
skateboard to the face and that does not
feel good I have been there I've never
split my chin open that bad but it's not
a pleasant feeling when you get a
skateboard of the face on the
skateboarder who suffered the injury was
Ian storm he rides four instruments
skateboards I used to skate with him a
couple years back I find myself saying
that a lot in my videos but it really is
the case and he's shredded then and he
shreds now he's very talented if you get
a chance to find - to pick up
instruments new video do it because the
whole team including Ian has a lot of
good footage in there but he's tough as
nails - he did go to the hospital and he
got stitches and all that but he didn't
leave the spot until I lay on the K flip
like broken bloody split chin and all he
just kept going so I will show you this
kickflip over the rail landed and then
I'll if I can find some more footage of
him on my computer I'll put that in the
after the outro so watch all the stuff I
just talked about and I will talk to you
guys later
looks like I'm doing the touchdown
symbol so subscribe or freaking
touchdown goodbye wait everybody
how's my board I'll take credit
Rock those six metal
you
