hahaha what I don't know yeah all right
this is totally one of those videos that
you just have to watch again so I will
do it for you roll that clip one more
time hahaha so I people out there
laughing thinking oh my gosh the guys so
dumb you have no room to talk because
most of us like ninety-seven percent of
us have done that before me for it since
I was in the eighth grade and I was
walking along you know I just got out of
school when I was walking along and I
was looking at this girl and she was
looking back okay we haven't I wasn't
being completely creepy but we were
having a moment right there and you know
I'm like smiling I don't know what I'm
doing but boom I just like walk directly
into a pole in the face it wasn't a pole
sticking straight out of the ground like
up up weighs upwards whatever it was it
was like one of those like things that
block roads so it was just a pole like
in the air and I was like walking it was
like boom then I was completely
embarrassed now that happened I'd be
like okay that was hands down the
funniest thing you will ever see you
should be thanking me girl random girl
that's walking but uh there's my story
about it but um yeah this footage is
classic the guy in it is my friend Ricky
he is nice enough to not Karen that I
use this footage on internet because he
knows is funny and yeah that's it but um
I don't want to see no not to keep on
going about this he had a reason to be
completely not looking where he was
going you should have seen my hair I'll
show you a picture of how horrendous my
hair was at the time
yeah I kind of like I'm more embarrassed
about that than getting hit the face
when I was tearing out the girl my gosh
and I actually filmed a trick one time
with that hair I only had it for like a
week because I was smart enough to like
I gotta fix this but yeah so half the
credits they'll be some bloopers and
they'll be that the trick I've filmed
with the disgusting orange supposed to
be red hair that's it guys i am going to
punch a tape roll I need this taper also
i hope it doesn't burst into a thousand
pieces ok so i'm gonna punch this outro
music then all the other stuff my name's
good it frickin broke into five pieces
now we're going to fix this goodbye
and this kids an idiot well you don't
you know ages did I just communicate
properly no I did not and I don't have
anything to say so I'll just start yet
baton and we were having a little moment
look at each other and boom my cell
phone get the text i don't know why i
had to go in that voice to make that
sound that didn't really quite work ok
i'll just read
basically were having a moment or
something you know and so I wasn't I
wasn't oh alright YouTube in this moment
I have I'm nishiki well deserves I was
trying to slap my leg and I totally just
hit myself in the gonads ah oh I haven't
even done this on a skateboard I can't
even look at you guys this hurts so much
haha oh this would be a video youtuber
hits himself in the nuts online
