you did not expect me to come in the
prone area did not at all did you hit my
module I blasted your sticker and there
are the numbers I was looking forward
see we're professional and we have fun
all the same time that's not I'm more
impressed with myself that I fire this
with one hand I am too actually what is
up guys it is so nice to one be home
back in a while but to just do a
old-fashioned an old-fashioned why did I
say that just to do a normal video of
mine where I'm here at the warehouse
about to go skate and I'm going to go
home and hang out little guy it is going
to be a fun time I am trying to get my
life back together right now because I
was just like traveling pretty much
non-stop like two and a half weeks
with a little bit time in between it was
crazy I clean my office a little bit
it's like messily organized now I have a
lot of mail I need to go through there
look at this that needs to be somewhere
else but I'm going to go straight
forward it's been like two weeks as I've
skateboarded and we have a new box
it's a tiny guy so it's nothing too
crazy but I'm gonna have fun with it and
you guys are going to hang out for the
session let's do this okay see
dude look what at Skate revived boards
made for you oh that awesome that is
awesome she gets in us a bunch of art oh
wait she tagged me in there
yes yes I remember that now you have it
Thank You Katie thank you one do you
like your skateboard in honor of that
awesomeness absolutely so here it is so
what happened is now it's beating just
took the manual pad and put masonite on
it and got the angle iron I think this
was because you guys want to be the
Braille house and you're like you want
to watch this like it's nice to have a
baby box
alright let's skate board
but I really need you to make this look
really big
okay huge make it look really tall
no I don't think they know I did the
trick I was trying but I didn't mean to
do it
I have a time woman and if I keep
shining that I'll be here all day I'm
going to move on that'll be a future
trick to be continued bonus tricking
keyboard if you did feel
this thing is a massive eight inches
tall
whoo breezy over the 180 that's amazing
thank you good job so I'm not I know
that wasn't the most exciting thing to
watch skateboarding on but it's a new
thing and I haven't really been skating
for two weeks like yesterday was my
first day back I'm sick I have like a
cough and a terrible I feel kind of like
weak so that was a good thing for me are
we back on a bigger and grander obstacle
soon enough but um it's so good to be
skating again I'm gonna wrap up here the
pack up I'm gonna go home and I'm going
to hang out with my little dude and uh
we're getting some mischief here's a
finger board 3 foot 3 foot boom by
office he's probably in the bathroom we
feel my say thanks for filming i watch
all right good bye
there is a bird in my garage dude you
just gotta fly right there that's all
you got to do
yeah we gotta give yourself away you've
got too much stuff gonna donate some
stuff okay
yeah I can reinsert your turtle okay
worthy okay well there anybody swimming
right at a sec hey guys how you doing
John would this dumbfuck stuff I mean
Ali makes ken you made your own goose
most books yeah why not let me tell me
the spiracle walking midnight the blob
that ate every one of the hour is
revenge of the boys goals haunted marker
never has to know
this is markers Oh Erica the hodkin oh
my gosh you got some graphics inside
well hey that is really cool man it's
good to see you creating stuff I took a
shower by the way it is good to see you
creating stuff when I'm at work I can
adapt books are you serious oh jeez you
got like a army right here
look let's put it let's post on some
toys for donation all right Annie over
here Ryan cake that's good that's a big
thing in order to it's cute
oh you're sure all the ones that go with
it
yeah that's good kids don't have to buy
hey Sean I love that dude right here
this thing what this thing mark you want
to keep the paw patrols or you want to
put them with all this rest away wow
that's very nice you dude I like that
that's good yes get out yeah yeah
where's your release car I chopped it
now to see if it works nah nothing see
the karate chop fixes most things right
there you take it quick this is a mess
dude
so I'm straightening up down here and
then this guy comes over to me and what
do you want I'm Ken a platformer I'd pop
shuvit he wants to practice to pop
shuvit and where do you want to do that
and yeah buddy
so he wants to do it on the carpet hey
long haul I like that well okay hey hey
mom's taking a nap but if we wake her up
and she yells we gotta stop all right
okay feel free do that don't wake up mom
okay go get your shoes and your helmet
and your skateboard you're ready to go
aren't you you can't roll in the carpet
actually don't know if you can't try it
till works really well it did you get a
warm-up oh wow wow that sounded that
loud
maybe we should escape my house uh-huh
what else you want to do yeah both of
this yeah here you can do it in the
shade dude over here
now do it thought you did not land that
but it's comfortable at all isn't it oh
yes you did not live with all the boats
it looks can I do work dad look if you
needed it Kenickie list and you meant to
fall didn't you yeah did you yeah
yeah I'm asked to drop this you're super
loud you fell on your face do it do it
sorry that one was loud it's the claw
you're afraid of the fall oh you gotta
jump dude that is so loud
you know better UK okay yeah my spinkle
you did it with your finger we gonna
chop it off yeah we do all right I'll
get this all oh can you please try
carrot yes yes you can you know do you
member how to do it oh you don't owe
that you're gonna like with this one you
throw the board this way and I'm going
to get out of the way because you're
gonna hit me oh one out here is here and
get this in the dog toy box damn it oh
you just hit use over the board you've
got the board moving you need to jump be
confident okay you got a look this board
and say I am riding I am mighty oh my
gosh you got one foot on there you got
one foot on Derek no but your that was
close you can do this dude I mean your
other foot was like way over there but
if you would have jumped over the board
you could have done it oh I saw you try
to commit you also hit the fireplace
okay she didn't even act like I was the
one letting you do it you just got in
trouble yeah
sorry we weren't hurting anything babe
let him don't or do I kind of want to do
a whole video doing it let's go he will
get hurt Wow
good party expect my guests while we use
the park for like a real thing let's
hang out a jungle gym okay do you think
you could garage shop throw watermelon
I can get a nice living to watch
Saturday nice and I don't play with eyes
hello hello hello dad yeah
how does spiderweb shoot last one here
get back ill avoid it it doesn't that's
fake in the movie
secret agent walk dude you work in do it
um you nailed it seems you do him here
that was good do what I like oh well if
it fitted exactly you'd open up a secret
compartment and there'd be a bunch of
treasure oh all right but I'm going to
enjoy the rest of the day with my son
we're going to keep playing we're going
to get some Chipotle it is going to be
great but you guys have a great day
thank you for watching this video is a
very standard video for me to just get
the straight course hang out with riding
because that's what my days are all the
time
but it's a good day it's been a great
day so hope you guys enjoyed it I have
some awesome videos in mind so stay
tuned they are always coming hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
it's right down below the video you can
subscribe it is free in your cider to
see more videos and that's it guys write
and put your face in this bubble and say
goodbye five for next time this is the
grossest bubble every wah wah
you're right there okay say goodbye Wow
cool far football big monster
we don't even wait for it to happen
right no one saw what happened they just
saw you in the mulch wait you slid down
this is a ladder that looks like it
feels terrible
Wow
