you too what's up guys so yeah that was
some good old-fashioned skate footage
for my friend TJ Shaw I used to skate
with him a couple years back and he was
disgustingly talents and I mean you
could give him a handrail he would give
you five tricks if you gave him like an
eight stair he would give you ten tricks
if you gave him some flour he would turn
into like eight cakes I don't actually
know if he could cook or not but I'm
just saying he really did he threw down
and it was awesome
he ended up tearing his ACL or something
SDL some CL of his he tore and he was
out of the game and I don't know how
much he's skated since then but he's a
family man and he's got you know he's
lived in the life if he ever does jump
back on the board I hope he hits me up
and maybe I can get some footage of him
for you guys but yeah he's a good friend
and I didn't want to just not talk and
tell you guys all about his awesomeness
because uh you know that's what friends
do for each other they when they make
videos the internet they talk about each
other so I guess that's it I'm always
playing with a sharpie at the end of my
videos and I don't know why I call it
sharpie it's a dry erase marker I'm
playing with these regardless and I just
got a stupid idea
in fact all right well you know what I'm
good for making a fool of myself an
Internet so why stop now I'm gonna roll
with this idea this just doesn't even
look like a mustache this is ridiculous
I'm gonna go wash my face before that
I'm gonna show my girlfriend judging me
like you look like an idiot
wash your face that's what I do do bye
guys
you
