YouTube what's up guys so yeah I had an
unseen clip of rat-faced and it had to
see the light of day here on YouTube
right so I made this video I threw in
some clips from the tour as you guys saw
but I don't know if you guys noticed but
the statue he dropped in on was like
this wide
so he started grinded in on it hands
down it was one of the coolest things
I've witnessed in real life skate when
it comes to skateboarding the first time
he got up on the statue they're like
cops drove right up to the plaza we were
in and they were like honking their horn
a little they're blaring their little
cop bullhorn or whatever tell him to get
the heck off the statue and he got down
into drove away and I swear in
Cincinnati if that happened a common
girl be like oh you're standing on a
statue in the middle of downtown you are
arrested you are in jail you're gonna
get arrested again in jail for doing
that like you'd be done and by New York
you know they got a bunch like Law &
Order CSI whatever crap they got to
worry about and then just took off so
rat-faced jumps back up there when they
were gone and landed it and it was I
mean it took him like 2 or 3 times we
can nail it he is he's like a one-man
demo if you ever get to see rat face in
real life it's just like Dartmouth skate
just watched him it's so so entertaining
he's such a sick skateboarder rat face
actually started his own YouTube channel
recently so I'll go ahead and link that
at the end of this video you should
definitely check it out he has a video
up there now and he has a couple more
coming real soon so check him out
subscribe and be on the lookout for his
own stuff but I'm gonna get to work guys
I got to edit we are event in 19 and it
should be up this weekend so look out
for it other than that I am done here is
a sharpie I'm gonna try to throw the
sharpie and write on the board let's see
what happens totally made a dot good bye
guys
50 but I'm gonna keep going faster
because I'm the master and I know
disaster because we're out of ivory you
know what I mean with that's the
we've just seen we've been in New
Orleans we've been through the town
we've seen the that all went down
but I'm just gonna tell you how it goes
how I flow and how I know all these
things because I've seen it I've been
there I mean it I've seen it do not hit
me oh my gosh
you
