account youtube what is up guys so yes
if you don't know what 10 tricks for
taco is then you have not been watching
metros channel it's a really cool series
to do and I got to do an episode of 10
tricks for a taco so if you haven't seen
it the building at the end of this video
I guess technically that way right
because the bar goes that way they'll be
a look at the end of video go watch it
and say what's up to metro of the
footage you just saw was from a session
that I tried to film for it and I failed
I got it was the skatepark was insane
that day was really busy and I got
caught up on one of my tricks and I was
just tired and I was like let's just do
this another day so I went back and when
I filmed it the footage that actually
was the episode on metros channel I
ripped my pants like really bad you can
see it in the footage the front war and
then all I live both I had a pretty bad
rip my pants it was like for my crotch
dog like the middle of my calf it was
insane and I finally had to go home I
was like I'm gonna be naked at the skate
park here soon so I had to go do it um
but yeah it's it was a lot of fun
hopefully like in a little bit i can do
another one it I don't know if here are
you allowed to do 210 tricks for taco
because there is a catch to mine so I
kind of want to do like a legit tenth
race for a taco now so uh but rock on
how many times how I said rock on I got
in this video before I keep saying
things over and over again here are some
bonus clips and in the outro and then
some other stuff and then the link you
guys have a grand day good bye boo
thanks bud all right
if F and that that counts a trick to him
because that was weird I was funny my
hat flew off run time
hey what's up guys you have successfully
gotten to the part of the video after
the outro and you're going to be
rewarded with a couple clips on that
ledge that skated my ten tricks for a
taco some of the smoothest skateboarder
you've ever seen that is a lie these are
really gross tricks but I figured I
would pull them out of my old footage
and Chum to you guys one day I think I
might go back to that ledge and film
like a huge montage like do all the
trace i can but in the meantime you're
gonna watch these gross tricks and
they're gonna be like yeah that's pretty
gross goodbye
make it to anything because they're
pretty gross so watch it no don't watch
it wait start over start again breathe 5
10 9 8 5 10 9 8 45 48 15 16 23 42 okay
that might make some make sense to
someone out there don't session where I
tried to film for this video oh my gosh
mono is it she just destroyed the whole
shot that happens sometimes you know
you're just you're filming a video
you're on and then boom your nose itches
for your face or your cheek or your
elbow you know it's just like this is
our band this is a rubber band on drugs
because rubber bands probably don't look
any different on drugs because they
can't do them you just got knowledge
eyes I apologize I might just take the
train to I don't know what word rhymes
with apologize this is where everyone
comments saying this ranjan apologize
I'm done
you
