hello and welcome to the show interview
insanity I am your host Ryan chambers
and today we have a special guest for
you none other than Andy Schreck a
YouTube content creator say hi to the
Internet Andy hello Internet
what's up alright so first things first
I am not even going to bother asking you
why you wear red shirts because you're
pretty stupid and you'd be a little
about it if I do ask and you won't
answer it what I'm just kidding really
really really really really really
really really I'm not ask that question
any my first actual question is over the
past few years on YouTube you've gone
from having a couple of subscribers to a
couple more subscribers and you know
during this time how has YouTube changed
for you okay YouTube has changed for me
I mean two years ago it wasn't rude it
wasn't a big part of my life I just I
didn't plan on it going this way at
least you know I definitely put more are
you are you playing video games right
now
yes plenty starfox your answer sucked
got bored so fast what is going on is
this oh right let's get to the good
stuff guys Andy clearly you mainly have
a male audience all right you repulse
females you sent them away all day and
my question is how much do you think
your haircut has to do with this and how
do you live with that haircut what's
what's wrong with my haircut what's
wrong you look like a german-based pump
player Oh
oh my gosh this just in guys can you run
this picture look what I found on the
internet of you where did you even get
that yeah you look stupid
yeah because I don't like MySpace or
something yeah I kind of do it again yet
honestly but but quit Christoph this is
ridiculous oh you know what time it is
it's time for the next question easily
the best thing about
your YouTube channel is the hate
comments okay I love them and what I
said I love them I love them I love them
love them in fact I write half of them
myself how was that even how's that even
a question
you're an idiot I'm gonna other Ryu okay
get this guy's no this is gonna be good
on your video 13 stupid skateboarding
Falls Sims 0 5 8 7 rights so I quit the
video when I saw that stupid in red
jackets I think he's missing a few words
there yes yes yes but how does that make
you feel
um I mean it doesn't really bother me it
just comes along with poll YouTube game
you know if you look at other channels
some of the bigger ones there is some
really bad hate comments out there and I
I think what you actually have a
girlfriend I see a picture you said they
still girl right to here what what are
you doing where'd you even get that
laptop I move on your Facebook guys can
you put this on the screen look at that
prove he might not actually be gay are
you kidding me I'm not I'm not gay that
is my gosh just when you think the story
can't happen for their plot twist
templemir oh my gosh are we done yet
no no no guys we haven't even talked
about revenge yet and do you own and
operate your own skateboard company can
you believe that guy's a gay business
owner that is great I'm not gay
revenge is brand new okay the boards are
just hitting the shelves and skate shops
what are you going to do when the
company eventually goes bankrupt and
you'll have to go on quits alright well
I don't think revenge is just gonna go
bankrupt
we're off to a really good start we have
some awesome supporters out there so hey
art are you even listening at all here
about mustard in your sex life sorry
okay you know what I'm I'm done I am
done with this if any of you guys are
out there actually watching this I'm
sorry you did but uh yeah have a good
day bye
yeah I know what you mean that's gonna
be so good oh he's gone so I guess that
wraps up our show guys thanks for
joining us here and in the words of that
game Redman
subscribe or die not gay
YouTube what is up guys so yeah I woke
up this morning and I was like Andy you
have not done a skit and for ever and I
had to change that so I sat down and I
came up with the idea for this interview
on the spot and I filmed it right there
so I hope you guys were entertained by
it I think it came out okay there's
actually two more interview videos in
the series before this and I will link
the one the second one the one before
this at the end of the video so check
that out because I think that one's the
best but yeah I just want to remind you
guys that I do do goofy videos so it's
been awhile I actually have a skit that
I've been telling you that I've been
making forever I have this kid I just
need to edit it and I don't have that
out eventually too so rock on I hope
that fulfills all your non skateboarding
needs and to all your skateboarders or
people that just want to see more
skating we want revenge 19 is right
around the corner so with that all said
I got nothing I've got nothing else to
say okay okay
no I'm actually just I have nothing to
say about that here's here's a couple
bloopers and then out share time and
then goodbye time and then cut this clip
right now please Andy who's editing it
sitting in this computer you insanity
I'm your host Ryan chambers and today we
have a special special special we've got
a special special special all right
gosh shut up females away all day and so
what my question is practice chop
