oh my gosh dude I'm just gonna I'm gonna
go like this I'm interval I'm going to
fill myself smiling for like a straight
minute cuz that was so good oh my gosh
oh my gosh so good you like freaking
fakie 540 is if it was a good trick it
was like a big he was a huge spin it was
so good yes a new money you see it get
out here get out of here
youtube what is up guys so I normally
don't do single trick videos like this
this was in we are revenge 18 but you
know when Alex did this trick and we
were avenge 18 I was like man I like
that trick and then you know weeks have
passed and I was like do I still like
that trick so I thought I was good
enough to make it its own video and yeah
and actually here's something a little
tidbit that I'm gonna go on a rant about
you know it always was called a fakie
540 big spin and then all sudden within
the last five years all of these new
names for tricks come out like now
there's a bigger spin now there's like a
huger flip now there's like a you know a
gazelle galleon hard flip you know I
don't know Hospital flip like it was
always just a Casper flip I know there's
like a small difference between a Casper
for the hospital flip now but I'm just
saying like it kind of scares me like
what is what are tricks to be called in
10 years from now like the kickflip is
just gonna be shortened to flip and then
like a three flip or tre flip will be
called the T flip like oh my gosh it
makes me kind of want to shorten my own
speech in general to stay current and
with the modern youth America if that
makes sense and i'm saying i got to put
way less effort into my talking or else
i won't be cool so on that note
subscribe oh died that kind of just
sound like I have a speech impediment
all right I'm done with that too goodbye
you
