what's up guys this is a new series of
videos that I'm going to be doing every
now and then this is a revenge shop
check the first shop we're going to
visit is galaxy skate shop galaxy is in
Northern Kentucky of the newport area
it's literally right across the river
from downtown Cincinnati so even if
you're in the city you can skate across
the bridge and boom you're right there
at the shop they have a great selection
whether it's you know Dex trucks wheels
clothing shoes that even have pads I
don't think I've ever been there and
I've left because they didn't have
something I needed they're really good
about keeping everything in stock galaxy
is owned by Gary Collins who also owns
and operates and rides for instruments
skateboards he's been one of the most
influential skateboarders on the since I
escaped teen and definitely one of the
biggest supporters of Cincinnati skate
scene he's a really nice dude and he
just so happens to shred on a skateboard
another awesome thing about galaxy is
that just a few blocks away from the
shop is a skate park under a bridge that
you've probably seen in a lot of my
videos here on my channel but the skate
park is built completely by
skateboarders and we have galaxy to
thank for that they are always raising
funds or putting in work themselves to
add new things to keep the park going so
definitely check this park out if you
visit the shop because it's a really
mellow place and it's just all around a
good time so there it is galaxy skate
shop if you live in the Greater
Cincinnati or Northern Kentucky areas
make sure you stop by and check it out
tell Gary Andy said what's up and they
also carry our revenge decks if you
don't want a revenge deck they have a
lot of other selections from other good
companies so stop by and I'm done here I
included some footage you've probably
already seen from the under the bridge
park after this little outro and then
the videos done and then you're gonna be
like Oh what else do i do on the
internet oh here's a cute kitten then
you'll watch that so yeah I'm done I
will catch you guys later guys I will
catch you guys later guys oh my gosh I
suck even in voiceovers
