we are in the Jersey Shore it now we
basically drove all day today and I had
to listen to rat face talking to Jersey
accent for the last two hours that was
highly entertaining actually
Oh
and blatt ow here we are guys the actual
boardwalk of the Jersey Shore and it is
really hot out today we're going to go
to a skate park to meet up with some
dudes and interview home and skate with
them and then we're headed up to
Brooklyn and I'm really excited for that
but you know what Chris and I are you
try to get some falling skateboarder
stuff done right here on the boardwalk
and there is Brett
that's a
so we just got kicked out of the Jersey
Shore apparently you can have
skateboards you have to have a permit to
have a camera you can't have oxygen you
can't walk alright so first you have we
first second I get on my board nothing
happens but I push my look toward this
bike lady and I was all like okay all
right well it's a white castle and it's
gonna be delicious all right oh my gosh
oh my gosh I'm not gonna talk anymore
all right youtube meet the only people
excited to eat white castle hey are you
excited to eat white castle Oh first
experience at White Castle well you'll
have it York I gotta love it because
that's how these things work we
literally just ate at a restaurant got
in our cars and came to this restaurant
the very first time my life that I've
ever done that eating at a restaurant
and then just moved and eat dinner
another restaurant back to back so I'm
gonna go because the lady is look at me
weird
do it therefore they're cool you stayed
here they're right here all you want
yeah we are in a this is paolo a tennis
court without the tennis it's like a
skateboard now you can do a trick you
wanna do a trick first this is called
first try tennis courts gangbang do it
first chart Oh frontside flip at the
hospital like die dude I never did dude
no it wasn't it wasn't that bad it was
pretty comfortable oh dude that's not
good hmm I have never liked ripped a
piece of my skin off that like that
that's like a segment of my thumb dude
no it doesn't hurt not yet at least that
is what the East does you California
there'd be like kittens like jumping
around you flowers blooming look at that
roll-up anyone skating this is like sign
a waiver with God like hey you know you
are going to get hurt on this my child
so I'm in New York City for the very
first time and riding a subway for the
very first time not about to put it push
the annual into the subway I'm going to
save them and I'm going to be one of the
Tucson news that save someone underneath
the subway
whoa whoa don't break your lens there
we're here streetscape new york city at
allege this one you CN n save it is
Sam
it is literally hours before September
11th and I'm a ground zero right now
it's absolutely nuts I'm really shocked
that there are like not wall-to-wall
people but it was kind of easy to skate
here and Gary's filling me but it's like
such a weird feeling like that they used
to stand right here
what's up guys so I didn't get to film
any of my skating in New York but that's
fine I had a really good time and now
I'm trying to leave New York to go back
to Ohio and this is going to be exciting
all right what's up guys so I did not
want to drive from New York to
Cincinnati some dude just waved at me I
didn't want to drive from New York
Cincinnati the middle night in one go so
I stopped and gets rest stopped I
stopped in Scranton Pennsylvania which
is where the TV show the office is based
out of so yeah I have to I'm gonna go to
the Steamtown mall and I'm going to see
the famous sign I'm gonna have some
lunch and I'm gonna get back get back on
the road so yeah that's not doing
goodbye
alright guys this may look a little
familiar to you boom so that used to be
on the road where it was when they shot
it for the show went to the welcome sign
of the intro and too many people were
pulling off the road to like take
pictures of and everything so they
brought it to the mall and I'm going to
go eat because I'm hungry and I was
pretty cool got to see the sign like you
guys saw on my iPhone cam and I
appropriately bought the office season 7
for my wonderful girlfriend waiting at
home so I am going to go give this to
her it has been one amazing trip so yeah
I'll probably it'll probably which to
equip me talk and have us to the chip
was here in a second with Mason to my
computer ok the tour was so awesome good
but really guys I'm gonna try to keep
this short and sweet I really did have a
fantastic time on tour it was hands down
one of the best experiences I've had in
the skateboarding world and you know I
hope I get to do it again I just wanted
to thank everyone that was involved with
tour Metro of course but up to be more
specific jewel Daniel rat-faced chris
mcnugget brett novek Darren Ryan Travis
and Garak I believe I named you guys all
it was awesome meeting you it was you
know you guys were a pleasure to be
around and like next year I hope we can
all make this happen again because it
was awesome it truly was and if you guys
want to count how many times it said
awesome in this this video that'd be
great because I probably overdue that
word way too much in an awesome way all
right that was just bad but yeah that's
it I just want to say thank you to metro
and um I'm gonna go if you read my white
border here Daniel judwaa I'm going to
steal your cat a few people out there
might be laughing but I'm not joking
okay I'm going to get up walk away
you're going to see a picture of bandit
ain't gonna be like oh that's why he's
going to steal the cat I get it now
someone just texted me that's not gonna
stop me from stealing his cat though
goodbye
look and how many tombstones they go on
forever and there on the other side too
I love you can see anymore my gosh and
that would be only it's available I was
like thousands upon thousands of
tombstones you can still see them like
look it keeps going on dude
we're gonna see it we're gonna see it
gonna see more poop more graveyard oh my
gosh the freaking Battle of New Jersey
what happened here
didn't subscribe it just did not
subscribe you had to go there didn't you
that was funny nah dude that was pretty
funny
and
you
