Oh
after the Mayan whoa dude Oh
get on your feet daddy man don't leave
and here is a Tropicana orange juice
bottle I'm gonna go throw it at Alex
midair forget a male
to me god damn it
yeah KITT ah give me a coke
well just get a cup
you
oh hey meals with all the tacos yeah we
do
okay can I mix and match those two okay
what's going on with your speaker well
my speaker did do it
I don't know I just started skating like
2 weeks ago I just learned how to ollie
dude do it what if I hit this curb and
died and smack my face and skull dude do
it huh all right you talked me into it
hey guys what's up um so caching I get
this over with
um this is the funniest montage ever to
and I don't know how many of you guys
know but the funniest montage ever one
was actually the first video uploaded on
this channel and uh oh my gosh yeah
that's over with the funniest this one I
thought was appropriate do this because
this is actually gonna be my last video
here on YouTube as of today I'm done
April Fool's yeah I know I got a good
handful of you guys on that one and I
know it is not April 1st but if I did on
April 1st everyone would see coming you
guys would be suspicious about it and so
I had to do it another time of the year
so I actually fools some of you guys and
yes I have done this April Fool's joke
before but April Fool's happens once a
year guys so uh yeah I can do it once in
a while but yeah here it is the funniest
montage ever - it's been a very long
time and I usually give you guys a heads
up when I'm doing a larger video but I
didn't really know I was gonna do this
like this morning when I woke up I knew
I needed to film a video and then it hit
me it was it was it wasn't even a light
bulb above my head it was like a star
turning on it was such a good idea it
was like huh and yeah I put it together
and hope you guys liked it you have seen
some of the footage in here but um you
know like the very first funniest
montage ever I definitely reused some of
that footage other videos as well um
this is kind of just like videos to see
a bunch of funny stuff all in one place
and there was a handful of never before
before seen footage so I hope you guys
liked it and um what am I saying next I
don't know oh and yeah about the whole
quitting on YouTube joke guys
I don't plan on going anywhere if I ever
do put YouTube is gonna be for a super
serious reason like I don't know and and
or something but so don't believe me I
am going nowhere like I just said guys
I'm here to stay and I have many more
videos to come so give me a thumbs up if
you want to see a lot more and I'm gonna
go there's some bloopers after this and
that's it subscribe or random ferrets
who saw that coming did you know you'd
even know you read my hand even though
and that now I'm just rambling as I go
the video is over
as of today I'm done oh look at these
eyebrows make it everyone make it ever
all these eyebrows you should be like oh
my gosh she's for you look at the
eyebrows he's done and then her face is
just going over this good so take that
for whatever it meant because I don't
know what it actually meant that I'm
just talking words out my mouth speak
Neuromancer all right
that was weird old but the funniest
montage video one um why do I keep
seeing video cuz I'm fake I'm blooping
on the fake stuff does that make sense
I'm looping on the fake stuff fate stuff
Jedi lore the Rings but Harry Potter ah
Star Trek I don't know I haven't even
know to talk about anymore haha in a
morning or whatever you know the day of
that I was gonna film this video today
what am i why do I got to go into such
detail like that they're smart enough to
figure out that this is not the exact
time this is happening who are you
talking to you oh my gosh I'm developing
split personality the YouTube Annie and
the other Andy that's not YouTube this
is oh my oh my oh my gosh I need to see
a psychiatrist oh yeah
you
you
