YouTube what's up guys we're in
beautiful California just got here super
excited to just go out skate have a good
time but first we're gonna wait for an
hour at budget rent-a-car gosh and that
starts this video I was incredible it
was that loud very loud very low but in
all honesty I'm not super mad it's just
unfortunate for somebody's budget and
we're going to start this la day out
just like we do every time we're going
to go to pinch shades we're going to eat
some Mexican food do some one Paco
already meet up with people at
skateboard at the meantime for myself I
just found out that if you put your face
and these is R is like way more
comfortable at me if you're done this
have you done all right
yeah this this rocks if you had a
superpower what would it be what if I
get run out of business is it superpower
Brian rented a box of saltine crackers
on wheels is it going to fit in parking
spaces I don't know biggest car Verger
had initial reaction it's a very large
vehicle yeah I love it
I love it yeah I wonder why it comes
through hide the cactuses we're circling
LAX trying to find Josh Katz is
somewhere here
does anyone see the dude wearing a
helmet in public Josh Kat they went
seeing Josh Kat just there he is
never mind with all the vans that
shouldn't be allowed to wait fruit
except on his own as soon as I started
talking the traffic dude was like no I'm
shutting this guy down we're taking
these guys out so we have Josh so it
doesn't matter Josh wins awesome you
want to game of chess never what up dude
I'm call me get in the car the van did
in the saltine cracker
you stay there cracker box have you ever
seen not to leave right maybe there you
go you're good you're in a good place in
life right now I made it oh we're back
in here Brian is I have a most
convenient couple of all time so you
dude vessel do you suck at hockey yeah
not so we're just this
well that's gone don't worry here we go
again here we go no no are you glad
what's that one because I need this
trick every try like I used to have
Nigel I am so sorry the crook I need to
get him every try anyway
run filmers for the filmers Nigel that
was really
yeah Nigel
hide your MVP of the day dog my do nigel
he shreds you guys phone is NK you can
think what you're doing with your time
right now haha what what is this what's
the point
nothing is mistakenly in the machine you
did campus long word it looks like
something I'd see an art museum I
literally like just the shoes always a
fake human I don't know or that'd be the
art the artistic thing is that there be
a human texting like we look at this
this is an art piece on should I use
Andy this guy rules thank you for the
video dude thank you I always stay with
him whenever I get a chance not only is
he like a terrific film or skateboarder
but he's genuinely like I you asked you
for advice all the time his YouTube
channel is fascinating go check it out
it's floating above my head and here to
love it he filmed some super talented
skateboarders and he's our ground and
great human being it pains me to say all
the ground oh I think he did all your
all your all well ground the link is in
the info to you guys so I'm gonna keep
it going I don't know to my end
whatever happens right now is what
happens thanks for watching guys but I
think I thank you guys for watching so
much how do we do here all the time and
I have a lot of California footage
coming so stay tuned
hit the subscribe button right down
there if you want to see more videos for
me it's free and gets even more videos
I'm being redundant you guys Rock
hey vessel let's talk pros and cons of
rails what does it do better for you
the helps you apply to any don't take on
anything okay what does it what does it
works for its worse because whenever you
need me board you got to unscrew it
that's what I was saying another day I
was like because when I'm done making a
board I'm like ah done because you have
to put it down you're going to do more
it I helped say ever doing it took a
second it was not a thing I'm you did
you're doing it next time minimal
watching sure without artistry skating
and then you before drinks if you got
set up a new board ready hit the rails
Oh second trip he's like art he wears
heels and he's arguing Phillips head
