what's up guys it is three thirty in the
morning right now and I am headed to
herndon virginia it's about a half hour
outside of Washington DC to meet up with
metro and a few other guys skate with
Josh Eminem and I oh god now we're half
sleep this is gonna suck surprise more
rain speed limit enforced by aircraft
it's like I got a ticket from the the
Air Force today guys like oh yeah for
what speeding are you flying a plane no
I was driving my car where am I going
oh alright
what yeah that was perfect
all right we're in Philadelphia we're
going to look hard that's what you do
when you're in Philadelphia skate left
park pick a flavor good kick wet the
kickflip I love that ollie I love that
Ollie your local park I am at love park
he wanted yeah in fact this is his first
time out of California first time well I
used to live in arizona when I was a
baby but it doesn't care that for di
really let's go so I say we just tried
to do this
haha
haha
yeah what do you think about that thumbs
up I don't even know on even though I
don't know chill back to back back to
back back to back told you to Gary all
right
so sick I forgot what I was gonna say
all right a brain block is over I'm an
idiot i just could not think there for a
second i'm gonna talk about the metro
tour of course that's this is only half
of the footage obviously if you read the
title it was like nine or ten minutes
long total and I was like I'm not going
to dump all this on them all at once so
yeah I split into two you're going to
get the next part in a week and I i
think the the next like the next half is
a little more exciting this one's just a
lot like random skate footage which is
all good to know everyone see
skateboarding hair there but the next
one might actually have some like funk
skateboarder falls obviously there's
falling skateboarder falls and then we
have really really good skate footage
some you know witty remarks from rat
face and the gang i don't know but just
it'll be entertaining guys so watch out
for it and i'm not you know i have a
blast on the tour but i'm not gonna get
all mushy and emotional just yet at the
end of the next video i might just start
crying all over the place but yeah so
look out for it i have videos on the way
as always but yeah the next half will be
next weekend i do believe if my
schedules are consistent so i want to go
there are some bloopers after this
because i tried to talk and say a bunch
of stuff that I realized that just isn't
necessary this video and I'm an idiot
there's a really strange one I mean I've
been on a rule for really strange
bloopers lately I think so watch the end
of this oh and before I go you know this
is a metro esque video and also be a
crime if I do not send you guys to
metros channel I know most of you are
very well aware of what metro does here
on YouTube but if you're one of those
people sitting there be like oh my gosh
I'm that dude I don't know who Metro is
go check them out the be a link right
down in the info and they'll be only at
the end of the video whichever way you
think the end of the video is and check
out the videos they have really really
good skate videos they have a lot of
goofy fun random videos as well here and
there so check them out and subscribe to
them they're really great friends of
mine
and I mean heck they should be friends
of yours too right so it's all back them
up here and appropriately I'm gonna let
them exit the video here okay so guys do
your thing subscribe or die I can't do
his voice like you subscribe or die
subscribe or die that was good thank you
alright and YouTube subscribe or die yes
I'm gonna make a techno video with that
haha what's up man so Scott died
all right blend Blaine Blaine Blaine
Blaine Blaine hand hand not a hand it
was a lot i was actually still a hand
i'm an idiot brain block over i'm i'm
just gonna talk about what i always talk
about and that is a life lesson no
that's not what or what not quite sure i
have control over what i say anymore is
like it's been a little it's been over a
week since I've filmed the talking part
in a YouTube video and I think I think
I'd like there's like another being in
me that's just spouting out nonsense for
this season until the spring so if we
have good weather oh my gosh Andy you've
done it again you're sitting here and
talking and saying things that just
people do not care about are you ever
gonna learn I don't know well you should
you got to take some advice for someone
then you'd quit he's quit top it stop
talking look at the sign I know you're
right I know you're okay I'm done that
is how insane
