ah
whoa
I just bought this
excuse me what's the messiest one ever
that's kind of weird but messy it tastes
good
yeah
Hey
beautiful y-you want to fill my face is
it still look like a smart
okay
you too what's up guys oh my gosh
really I got random people appearing by
the news again but yeah YouTube what is
up guys before I even talk about this
video at all I have to point out that I
totally fell in front of a George Lucas
doppelganger yeah go down there and give
it a thumbs up if you feel me on that
one because I swear that was that was
practically the creator of Star Wars
shopping at a grocery store on beach one
Avenue in hi Oh subscribed I come on
really you again gosh that was even the
right time to say that but I'm gonna get
through this
oh my gosh this was cakes the face -
it's been a long time coming guys uh I I
didn't really feel too crazy about these
these pranks when I did the first one
but I had a lot of people into it they
were asking for a sequel and I so I went
out and filmed this one and I had a lot
I'd really I had a lot of really fun
what I'm trying to say I had a lot of
fun doing this and it was easier to film
so I think I'm gonna do a third one and
if you know if you didn't feel me on the
George Lucas where at least give me a
thumbs up in support of the next cakes
to the face so before anyone else
interrupts me I'm gonna go and there's
some there's probably some extra footage
or some bloopers or something after this
so watch that you - yeah yeah that's
right yeah you had to do it okay well um
yep you know what I'm just gonna
subscribe or die I'm done I'm frickin
done
it's like in my nostrils dude man oh
gosh I can't breathe it's good though I
mean it is good cop on set budget do it
oh yeah I believe I just I'm gonna go to
the doctor's office one time and my
girlfriend to be there with me she we
concerned like dr. white why is my
boyfriend mentally challenged and he was
like well I'm sorry to tell you this he
YouTube is the reason because because of
YouTube he is mentally challenged
