cat dog gorilla polar bear dude the
knows what's up awesome ketchup why
calvin hobbes and no that was not
supposed to make any sense let's start
this video but for real guys what is up
I got some big info to drop on you guys
in this video but before I say that I
just wanted to a point out that I've got
a lot of new subscribers recently so if
you're one of those people that kind of
confused on what's happening on your
computer screen right now then I'll
explain this is an update video we're
all I do is talk so if you don't want to
see you know weird guide sit and spaz
out in chair just tell you things then
you might not want to watch this you
might want to go out to David after
dentist takes a tumble or something
entertaining on YouTube those of you
guys were gonna stick with me then you
guys like I said are about to get some
info you guys are about to get info eyes
no you guys are about to get knowledge
eyes oh my gosh I'm done making up words
so my life has been really really good
lately and no I'm not going to sit here
and be like my life is awesome be
jealous of me uh I'm just really excited
about how things man and you guys my
dude so I'm gonna talk about it over the
past four years my life is always been
so up and down like you know chaotic
happy sad heartbreaking exciting like
smiley face LOL and i don't know but
lately it's been really consistently
good and I mean as far as money goes I'm
getting by on just video alone like i
have my freelance videography and i have
youtube with those combined I'm you know
I pay the bills and they have a lot of
like some money left over and it feels
amazing and I haven't you know revenge
is like going as a company now or like
we have a product we're selling it and
that feels beyond awesome and then like
today my awesome girlfriend came home
and she's a hey I got a surprise for you
boom I got you a t-rex I mean what kind
of is that the best girlfriend ever yeah
I mean I'm always gonna have my dude
right here he's always going to be my
t-rex but this guy is like a man's t-rex
I mean this guy if I don't keep an eye
on him he may eat me in my sleep yeah so
life is great right now and especially
on the video in her vent side I just
want to thank you guys and you are
definitely have a big go all the support
you know all the videos you watch on
like the great things you say like the
motivational
not it's awesome guys so thank you cut
the next clip alright so I have been
trying to film this video for so long
I've been screwing up so bad it's been a
disaster I'm just going to get to the
important part of this video and that is
that revenge has skateboards online for
sale right down there is a link to our
online store the only bad thing is that
shipping internationally is a disaster
the costs are so high I was in the post
office asking about how much it would be
to ship to certain places and like to
the UK it is forty dollars to ship one
skateboard which is more than the
skateboard the skateboards are
thirty-five dollars that's what we're
selling for plus shipping and yeah
that's insane to Canada twenty-five
dollars which is like seven hours away
it is twenty-five dollars to ship a
skateboard so if you if you here in the
US they're you know they're eight bucks
you're going to pay 43 bucks you get a
deck get you get free grip tape and you
get some revenge stickers
internationally I'm sorry guys hopefully
some distributors and skate shops will
start carrying your stuff you know
overseas but for right now I'm sorry if
you really want to pay the shipping
costs it's there but um better with us
on this will try to find a better way to
get them down and if you if you guys
live in cincinnati um you know go to the
skate shops first don't order online if
you have a skate shop carrying our stuff
galaxy skate shop they're carrying our
stuff concrete city has our decks in and
out in California metro is going to get
some decks sent to them tomorrow so if
you live in the san francisco area go to
jail and be like Joel sell me revenge
dick but just talked about a little bit
there they're really good we've all
skated them we haven't had any problem
the one I when I tested that it was so
strong I stopped skating it like just
because I've been skating it so long
there wasn't even wrong with it and they
have like a medium concave like a pretty
standard concave and really good shape
like we've had nothing but you know good
feedback from them so far so uh they're
here guys and I'm really excited on them
we have the two graphics we have the wii
or revenge and then we have our lifeline
this is going to be
classic logo will we'll get some
different color variations of this as
well yeah they're here go down there and
you guys can order away Josh put a video
up announcing it before me and they
already started selling so you might
want to jump on it because it's going to
be another month or so before I can
order a second batch you know hopefully
if I saw these really fast hopefully
sooner but um yeah if you guys have a
local Sketchup my area ask them to carry
our stuff because I would much rather
you know some of the skate shops in
Saudi you so we can support the look was
the skate your your local skate scene as
well I don't want to just sell online
all the time that's not what we're
trying to do here so uh that's it I'm
excited and yeah go check out the
website or go check out the store and if
you know there are any questions you can
ask them but if you don't ask questions
before you actually go to the stores you
like how much are they like it's at the
store the sizes there at the store all
the infos at the store if you really
have a question that's not there come
here and ask and yeah I'm gonna go there
are a few bloopers and there are a few
bloopers actually in fact there's the
last one you see is the dumbest blooper
i have ever filmed I should not even
show you guys it's not even a blooper
it's just it's just ridiculous now watch
that and watch out for case the face to
this weekend good bye Joel hey Joel I
just want you to know that escape look
this is your board I'm sending you its
been punched you'd have to deal with
that
before I say anything I just want to
point out that it is really hot and warm
you know it's pretty warm it's pretty
first off before I say anything I just
want to say that is saying something you
idiot first up before I say something I
want to say something so don't say
something if you're not gonna you know
hearsay all right I even before Ivan
what if you guys notice that that like
every video now when I just want to mess
up all I do is make a weird face like
I'll just be mid-set it's kind of hard
to recreate and try to recreate it
wasn't really but it doesn't only have
the same space as but that word that I
made up test him spizz as what is up uh
I you know I've got a lot of new hey
that was a new one for me what was that
this just feels like everything is just
going like pretty ideal for once in my
life I am leprechaun no I am NOT I am
leprechaun what runs with knots what's
maybe snot that would be a gross word to
use I am NOT in theatre despite this act
i play that was so dumb
