if there were enough clones of me right
now all holding the gatorade bottle and
hammer I can't ugly big gap commercial
or all of us Andy's katoa be whatever
all right I'm gonna start putting his
story tellin time guys I was standing
outside of my house with the metra guys
when they're in town Joel was messing
around that little bored and he was
doing like 540 shove its or something I
was I was like hey let me let me screw
around the stupid thing and you know my
first idea is just to flip it as hard as
I can I did that and I landed on like a
perfect 720 flip but like jumped off and
I was like all right well we might as
well just film this and make a goofy
video editor right so the only camera
nearby was Chris McNuggets like snapshot
camera I could shoot shoot slow-motion
clips so he just started filming me and
that's what came up I had some problems
getting it into my program my editing
program so uh it I don't know how the
quality is going to turn out but the
good news is that i think i'm just going
to refill mitt on my normal skate
cameras so you might get around to of
this video and that's about it yes we
are revenge 18 is coming out this
weekend it's going to be very very big
cakes to the face I tried uploading it
all of last weekend like just the whole
time and and YouTube is broke it just
was not publishing my videos so not this
weekend but the next weekend you'll get
cakes the face and I got a lot more
stuff coming and i even got something to
blow your mind with that hammer i was
using it's pretty right not only
is it a hammer though it is a
screwdriver and then you're like oh man
I just need more than one screwdriver so
you just undo it boom there's another
screwdriver and you know what I think
there might be one more screw driver and
for all you people out there that think
this is the smallest screwdriver in the
world you are freaking wrong let's get
the focus in on this can we focus this
etsy it doesn't have focus because it's
so tiny mind blown
and this is what happens when you're
spontaneous and start throwing random
things off your desk for a YouTube video
good bye yeah that was a gun it was
pretty stupid goodbye
Oh hey guys what's up you have
successfully reached the end of the
video and for your reward you get to
watch a slow-motion shot of a cupcake
hitting me in the face here it is
you
plus a & E's katoa be whatever all right
I'm gonna start this just broke that
tape case just gonna keep breaking it
need I remind you that i'm doing this
about on a glass desk stupid idea Andy
stupid frickin idea don't anyone try
this no I'm don't don't hammer don't
even do this this is this is actually
kind of woodsy hammer to be honest we
mess around this dumb thing and I you
know my first reaction my first
inclusion was what what what is what are
you those words have doing anything I'm
trying to say right now yeah you're
lucky Gatorade that you got thrown
across the room because I was about to
throw you across the county
you
