let's try
oh you too what's up guys so I just got
back from the metro to war a day or two
ago and i was i was pretty stumped I was
like man I don't have a video to post in
the middle of week what am I gonna do
and then it hit me like a punch to the
pancreas I was like oh I'm gonna do a
skate video and I've done a video like
this before four tricks for scanners
video so if you want to see the first
one they'll be a link at the end of the
video but you know since I did this one
I was like maybe I should just kind of
do this like a reoccurring video so if
you guys like the idea of this once you
go down and give it a thumbs up I will
you know I'll do all the other stuff
like I usually do so that stuff's not
going anywhere but you know in addition
like just do these videos once a while
if you like it give me a thumbs up if
not if want why would you not that's but
maybe that's the better question why
don't you like this video huh but I do
have some really really really good
videos coming out here soon and I think
this might be the first time that I'm
actually going to refer to my my
whiteboard here I have some Metro tour
footage coming and I might have enough
to split into two videos so you might
get two videos out of that I also have a
new prank video coming and that is going
to be cakes to face too it is done being
filmed and I'm gonna have it up this
weekend so look out for that and after I
get done filming this video I'm going to
get some lunch also i am going to film
we want revenge 18 this the next couple
days and um if all goes to plan this is
going to be quite a shocker we have two
pretty cool things happening in this in
this way our revenge so uh yeah be right
for it we are avenged 18 is hopefully
going to be very very very grand and we
have an announcement in it so look out
to that I'm gonna go um yeah I'm gonna
go get some lunch I've noted when we get
but im gonna be super dieting so i'll
probably something small FYI I don't
know why I said that so in response
throat goodbye
I good friend Joe Meehan just texted me
and he said I've been lurking and
commenting on your channel and now Joe
you are in a video it's for a video in
the mid week cuz i ain't got nothing I
even said that I said I ain't got
nothing but I that's what I do I can't
or whatever noise I just made all right
what Danny I'm Kozma to start scripting
these videos wanna stop I'm on the style
youtube what is up so I got tricks this
is an anchor face if you want to look
angry make your address go down like a
cartoon and you'll be angry even if
you're not feeling angry but if you talk
like this people just think you from the
south or west with a southwest or
nineteen twenty when people actually
talk like this Lisa they didn't movies
on it I'm gonna quit right now
you
