alright guys so know what you're
thinking most of you are saying what in
the world I've seen this before why are
you reading this Andy well I want to set
the story straight on this clip because
on the original video granted I didn't
know what I was doing I first I was that
so like when I was first starting to do
my YouTube thing and the talking part
was a disaster I looked kind of like an
idiot and that was like it was just bad
so whatever I get made fun of but I get
so much hate on this video because
people are think that like I'm the spawn
of Satan for throwing this kid into the
pond which one that's not even me um
throwing him in notice the black shirt
that's my friend I was behind the camera
I was filming but it really is just a
group of friends hanging out and having
fun you know we pulled pranks on each
other all the time despite his size the
guy that got thrown in was 14 years old
and he was only two years younger than
us he was on our same skate team he went
to the same high school as us and we all
we always goofed around like that in
fact you know just to make everyone feel
better about the whole situation
watch what he ended up doing to me as a
prank
yeah see that was I got through the
fountain too and you know no one's gonna
care about that no one cares about the
sixteen year old getting pushed in the
fountain because it's funny so I'm
really sorry that everyone thought that
we we threw an innocent little dude into
a pond but now that you know the story
you should find it funny and if you
don't find it funny watch this I mean
come on I know most of you guys laugh of
that he did a 360 into the pond but
furthermore not only was he really good
at spinning into a pond he was an
amazing skateboarder he actually has a
career in the Navy now he's doing really
awesome with that but he turned his
ankle at one point and just I had to
like tone down skating if he would have
continued he would be one of your
favorite pros now he was so so good so
after the outro instead of bloopers
because I didn't really mess up this
video you're going to see some really
old ancient footage of him as when he
was like 14 so enjoy that and um you
know what my girlfriend left her
sunglasses on my desk so I'm totally
gonna men in black you guys boom I'm
agent whatever and you are about to get
flashy freakin famed actually it all
honestly this light in like it's audio
sensitive so it's like it's like watch
like oh dude it did it did that's what
Celeste was this was like alright our
Dubai
you
