yeah I totally went there all right so
I've had some pretty out-there intros
but I'm gonna I'm gonna be honest I'm
pretty proud of myself on that one
because I never know what I'm gonna do
until I I come up with it like on the
spot so I was sitting here and I was
like you know what I'm gonna teleport in
duh and I'm gonna do this update video
now and I'm gonna keep the time i head
do believe and I'm a pretty fun way to
start this video out okay I was on my
computer looking through some random
folder and I found a video of Alex that
I had never seen before watch ya did you
see that he was literally like
front-flipping out of the frame and I
really wish I could go back in time and
be there for that camera guy and be like
dude keep filming him because I want to
see what happens next but it is shrouded
in mystery or until I ask Alex about it
but in all seriousness guys I recently
hit 30,000 subscribers you know just the
other day I was saying 20,000
subscribers it feels like it's movable
on a lot faster now and I don't know if
you guys are getting sick and tired of
hearing you say it but you might as well
live with it because I'm gonna keep
saying it thank you guys I completely
appreciate it it's awesome that more
people are seen my videos you know I I
make these just for you guys so you know
it's really cool to see me growin like
this and yeah I mean obviously I have
only you guys think but uh I don't know
I just always feel like I'm always like
thank you guys and getting all mushy
here on YouTube but it's not gonna stop
you from doing it because I really do
completely appreciate it guys and that
is the end of the mushy part so all you
people they're feeling awkward in your
YouTube chairs or whatever you're
actually if you have a youtube chair
that's kind of weird because if it
actually says YouTube perfect next part
of the video is would be great right now
alright so in my update videos are
voicing that's crazy it's busy here it's
exploding well then is absolutely true
lately because I don't even feel like I
live in a certain city anymore last week
the the whole entirety of last week I
was in Cincinnati then I came back here
and I'm only here for like four days
then I go back to Cincinnati and next
week I'm from Cincinnati
go to Virginia and then I'm going to
meet up with metro and travel up to New
York and I've never been there before
I'm very excited about that but from New
York I go back to Cincinnati and then
I'm going to their society / Columbus
area and I'm going to wait for metro to
meet up with you know meet up with me
there so it's like it's my life is all
over the place like I'm still doing a
million things get revenge going I said
his computer and like work on stuff and
was like I'm like shipping shirts out
like oh my gosh it is it is wild right
now and it's you know it's fun and it's
gone really well but it's it is a it's a
roller coaster read and speak
skateboarding though hey let's let's
hear about some revenge news guys right
here watch this I'm going to pull this
this side of the screen over it's gonna
be the next shot and that was pretty
stupid but uh revenge things are going
really good you know the shirts have
been been selling thank you to all you
guys who bought one supported us the
decks is still a very slow process um i
sent the graphics in i gotta wait for
them to be ready than going to pay them
and then they're gonna make them they're
just send to me so i really really i
don't see why they wouldn't be here in
September at some point when I get them
i'll make a video and let you guys know
you guys go to buy them online if you
live in the Cincinnati area I am going
to do my best to get you know to get
every shop carry them so if you live in
cincinnati by all means go to your shop
and buy them support the scene and if
you don't live in cincinnati and you can
always get it on our store of course but
you know ask your skate shops guys and
tell your skate shops like hey i want to
support you you guys should order their
men's text and i'll buy some from you
and then they can call us and we'll sewn
to man that'll be great but other than
that we're going to be working on a
promotional video that will be out
within by the end of the year it's gonna
be like an hour long way or avenge
basically maybe not that long but it can
be like a full-length we are revenge and
bad news is that i'm going to take some
time off of we are avenged the series to
film this so you're probably want to get
about one maybe two more we are
vengeance
because during the winter it's
impossible in Cincinnati and Columbus
the weather so bad it's really really
hard to do we our men jizz so we'll do
our best you know will do them when we
can but yeah so look out for the PO
video and when we're not doing we were
avenges we're of course you're being the
skatepark goofing off and skating like
skate videos never stop on this channel
so don't worry about that guys but yeah
that I think that pretty much covers all
the revenge happenings and I will wrap
this video up by telling you all the
videos i'm working on in the meantime
and actually when it comes to videos
i've got some pretty cool news guys not
only are you getting a we are avenged
getting a pretty grand we are avenged
later this month and you're also getting
a public pranks video and it's no secret
it is cakes to the face too you guys
want to see a teaser shot boom yeah
that's what you're dealing with uh I
have I want to do one more filming
session on that and get a couple more
Clips and then I will you know edit and
get it out there later this month I
already I can pretty much say it's going
to be better than the first one I like
it already better at least so I think
you guys are going to like that I'm
gonna have some footage from the metro
tour when I get back and you know while
I'm out there a might do like a video
for my phone or something i'll know but
yeah so there's always more stuff coming
guys like i'm actually there's a skit
that I've been that I felt like over a
month ago Nick and I filmed that I
really need to get on oh my gosh so yeah
they said there's a there's this kid
coming to eventually but yeah when I
post this video I am actually driving to
Virginia the day I post this video so
I'm gonna like posted them to go so odds
are while you're watching this I am
driving to the east coast of the United
States so rock on I overly informed you
guys know way too much about me right
now that's it yes I will be back in
action when i get back from the little
tour thing with metro so uh that's it
subscribe Oh
oh I'm sure you guys thought your
computer screen froze you put actually
you probably did and that was pretty bad
that's just me being weird let me go
subscribe or die
said I'm gonna do this update with that
with that said I'm gonna I'm gonna do
that oh it's freaking on that was
probably the girlies how that will ever
make and I'm dying to cheer him put that
on the bloopers because it was pretty it
was pretty embarrassing oh wait you're
watching this so it completely made the
bloopers it's on my why are you only
slapping me I'm loving this lapse by the
way guys oh my gosh I could do that all
day just like you know I'm saying right
there all right i'll quit fun way to
start this video out okay i was on
apparently i was bulldozing on my
computer there's found a file on my file
freakin video oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh
oh gosh you you know wise when a wise
man or woman I don't know in my a wise
person just once up once messed up his
pretty line at nine new line I had every
right down just messed up speaking
English talking moving mouth do
you
