what's up guys so my friends Brent
Brandon and Hunter all came down from
Canada skate with me and I got to make a
video about it but first you guys get to
meet him you guys remember Brent yeah
you totally had a rail attack you yes
correct yeah they know you for that this
is hunter and Brandon let's go let's
skate
all right oh cool your head no looks
like it
later man
right here alright guys so my dude
Brandon brought me down a red shirt from
Canada and that rock that made my day so
I'm going to boom give them free red
shirt thanks for coming guys there is
really cool to hear it again I've been
Brent it's been watching my channel like
forever and he's been in a few my videos
so I'll put links to all of their
channels down below so go check them out
and subscribe or die
that was not yelled at all
youtubers who stayed after the outro
what is up guys so I don't really need
to talk in this video but I was like you
know what this is a pretty touching you
know heartwarming video I should talk so
I'm sitting you're talking if you guys
want to watch don't watch but a little
bit of backstory brent has been a really
long time subscriber of mine back you
know I was back much having to be way
different before I was doing what I'm
doing now and he's subscribed way back
then and you know we just we chatted
here and there we started playing call
of duty and you know we just been we
just kind of known each other ever since
and he uh another day he was like hey
Andy I'm gonna come since Andy I'm gonna
drive to another country and we should
skate and I was like by all means let's
do this so you know hunter and Brandon
king with him I've known them for a
little while too and they drove all the
way down to Cincinnati and we you know
we had a pretty casual skate day it was
a lot of fun and it was worth a video um
it was super dice of Brandon bring me
this shirt which it's dirty right here
and I'm sorry well actually you know
what guys it shows you that I've been
wearing it because it's dirty so I'm
getting my use of this I do need to wash
it though and uh but it was really nice
of you Brandon to bring that shirt thank
you very much and I just wanted to
really make this talking part to say
thank you guys I was awesome i could
drove all the way down here to skate
with us and to all your other
subscribers if you guys ever see me in
public I cannot film a video try to get
in on man don't don't just creep around
the background be like hey what's up let
me do something weird and if I'm not
filming video be like hey Andy let's
film a video not because I'm always down
to do something goofy your skate or
whatnot so yeah it's it was really cool
and I'm done talking about it I am
literally going to go upstairs I'm gonna
switch my shirt and then I'm gonna get
back to working on a new video I'm gonna
fill my new update video so I think it's
about time to add ninja vanish right now
except this flies bugging around my head
for a million years I need to go married
a fly swatter wall I'll change my shirt
I might do alright whatever ninja vanish
boom yeah that's right Alice hit my
freaky foot
oh now it's coming to insert memory
stick stupid camera all right what's up
guys there's smudges on the camera darn
it dude you really did like enter the
stratosphere there hit it okay
