thing isn't even going yet we're
definitely alive now whoo now it's
counting it might be live see if people
come in I didn't tell anyone about this
yeah well we're uh I'm not even sure
what we're doing if you're an after
LIBOR which means you're just watching
this casually on my channel what's up
guys I'm doing an unboxing I have a
couple things here I have like a whole
ton of packages and Mail I need to open
but right now I'm just doing one I think
this is from Orion wishing my truck
sponsor if it's not that'll be comedic
that I just unbox a random thing it
definitely feels like trucks and then we
have a box from Katie sorry I'll say at
Skate revive boards
i'ma set her whole name you almost did
yeah you can't do that
No so uh yeah thank you guys for tuning
in let's do this we also have a special
announcement at the end of it we do yeah
so uh Ida like I had to open it up to
make sure the bag yeah see you ready
open this I just made sure it was trucks
because I didn't want to like it is all
right look we got a bunch of stickers
this is the one that's like this part is
absolutely what her stuff for me at all
oh got some black like matte hangers
these are cool these are cool and then
pushing these are good you're like okay
this truck so I got a UH you pull this
out well this is super cool I like it a
lot um here's like a black hanger here
and then they gave me some extra
bushings which is this if you like it
miss Halloween truck ever oh I thought
for saying I got three pairs of trucks
they're 140 sell out here what's it
there 140 then I have no idea the you
ready all right Nate in so that's kind
of cool they gave me two sets of trucks
that look exactly like that and then
companies are hardware and some stickers
and extra bushings
pretty cool you know what all right
bushings are pretty good like off the
bat so I probably won't need those but
they're not I think those are standard
bushings
what hardness is Reynoso they're
probably just the same except they're
Orange yes that's cool that's cool
pretty cool
Thank You Jake Orion's had my back
forever like and Jake Jake Stewart is
the dude over there and um super super
cool dude he's helped us out with a lot
of things yes very good too
all right so this is up next okay it's
the P o box so it doesn't matter if the
address is there this is at skate revive
this was cold right yep I mean I
definitely know the account I don't
wanna be messing it up yeah she's like
our biggest hey I'm Lego like I'll bring
yourself in a Lego film I flew out does
he be exciting I hope you strategically
like taped it like that so that when
you're opening just a just a like Oh
Star Wars mystery egg I'll leave that
for right in c6 keychains cool that's
awesome
oh no temptation how about you that's my
destination crunchy once your rocks it
looks amazing it rice so good Cadbury
crunchy rice
there's a bunch of candy this hop-up is
it Papa Papa cake doping is up the suit
it looks like so I'm guessing those are
cookies also Halloween look at that
yeah that's pretty awesome it will take
some questions here a second
what he's only has half his thing I bet
you there happens in there how many he
stands on this yeah but she just you
know there's a boy's like your Lego
figure brendan is gonna be so psyched on
that Lee this is awesome
bits of whisper dude
they're crushing candy names over in the
UK this is some kid comment that your
English sucks
so apparently before we're not
pronouncing these very well at all I'm
gonna die bits of whisper I hope it's
pronounced on some amazing what you are
like a piece and then we got over here
good Donald Lego check it out Donald
Duck school here does takes a special
person to imitate Donald Duck like
imagine if you had to like get up in
front of the group and imitate dung okay
all right we got a bunch of art in here
oh good hey I'm gonna actually this is
gonna be personal I'm gonna read this
for myself
she says whisper is the best I always
want to stop in you're fooling yourself
oh my gosh she drew a deaf star taco cuz
awesome look I'll show you guys this
look at this
that is amazing she's she's super rad
and that's strike horse yeah that
triggers have mean you who's that I'm
gonna say vestal that's all I don't know
look at that at a straight course it
looks like better it looks more shred
quarters than like the straight quarters
shred quarters does sometimes it was a
calendar what is this for next year I
guess it's just like any year
Valentine's Day there's a pancake day
there's a revived calendar going on we
should make this and that cancer picture
here this is November halls 2016 this is
me I was like a forward look at this
this is just all our artwork be the new
8-bit 2.0 there's a bunch of drawings
here this is a really cool like so I'm
gonna like versus like letter to me and
stuff so this has a bunch of personal
stuff so I'm not gonna like broadcast it
I don't know cramming it's Bresnik idea
here's Brian Ames of taco I remember
what you made that that's amazing
yes gosh this is rad wow that's really
good write me again you should frame
that that's really good thank you
well we had to frame things of yourself
I shot this photo
and she drew it you did where is it is
that a Great American Ballpark your
business is oh there's like oh these are
all for like people so this is these are
for you Brian okay this is this your
note tonight
Casey got this if he's watching this
live Casey this is yours
there's a note for you tooted thank you
super red super super red this is really
cool
gage oh my god my gosh speaking of this
guy what use this as a segue this is
this is a picture for gage Smith if you
guys don't know him he's new to
three-block he's been my videos here and
there for a while now and um he is he I
don't know how it started but I made a
bet with him he brought it up he kind of
said it he said you want to make a bet
you're like sure yeah I said is that
what and then I just made it up all
right so I said 50 bucks did not post on
Instagram for two weeks okay so you guys
have to help us out and you got to go to
Instagram is plead the Smith okay I'll
put it right down in the info at plead
the Smith with ffs mm-hm and you gotta
say dude please post something yeah just
blow him up like comment as much as you
possibly can I've got better I got a
great idea
we should wait a make a video of this
but I'm gonna if you guys want to make
creative videos like singing it's like a
song on a guitar asking gage to please
post like go crazy with it I'll do it
giveaway like in like a week say hashtag
gage police post and then in a week I'll
go through and we'll do give it like
we'll pick like two things to give away
some goodies to people and I'll contact
you via Instagram Instagram direct
message so Instagram hashtag gage please
posts be creative makeup makeup graphic
play song on guitar like just talk to
the camera do whatever you want to do
creatively and we'll get wisdom stuff I
want to figure out a way to like if
somebody actually gets him different do
you hear the best song ever I'm engaged
please post date so that's it I was I'll
take some questions real fast because it
was just kind of an improv live thing to
do this variety have any other hats no
you do the bangle one oh yeah in the
winter I tend I put a Reds head on when
they win pictures of catch's report
training and I take it off at the very
last game of the season that I retired
this head that had for the year and then
from there I switched to like bangles
head our football team or I go to a
beanie that's how you do um Andy and
Brian was your favorite car yours the
GTO yeah 69 GTO mine would probably be
like a red and black body are eight
times dark well what happened she's how
long did it take you to learn a nollie
asks Titan wolf I don't remember I don't
know I learned it pretty fast I kind of
like started messing around the hallways
before I actually skated so when I
started skating I kind of knew the
mechanics behind it so I skated like
eight hours a day every day from the
moment I started though so I got I got
some stuff pretty fast Mason says
where's riding riding is probably right
at home he's a squeeze with the
babysitter so yeah um where's a good
spot to skate in SF ask Jared Gibbs um
go to so go to third and Army and then
like kind of like somewhere in that area
there's these it looks like a Street
Plaza it looks like a park but it's
actually a good skate park what they
call like this next second an army
yeah it's called Second Army it looks
like a street spot it's like oh man yes
I across the street it's really good
across the yeah the creeks the river
whatever there whatever train tracks I
know that right yeah or probably extreme
car tracks I don't know
um brandon okes says what kind of trucks
you get of course Oh Ryan I just unbox
them super good trucks especially these
they look super good I like that I like
these two
I feel like this axle is gonna put up
with more vigor yeah somehow they just
look sturdy here um do we have any of
those right now in the story nope well
wanted moment same dude Center where he
used to eat in Philly that's a good
question whoo that's that John Lewis
because they took away a park and then
they took away the three block which I
love I'm bummed I really want these
crunchy rocks I'm not going to but I
walked anymore we'll keep them until I
put it right there so like when I'm like
an eating freely I'm gonna eat one I'm
gonna put the crunchy rocks on myself
Elizabeth what's up toxin storm who's oh
this is our YouTube channel that's our
YouTube channel is like oh yeah we're on
YouTube right
what's up Elizabeth um gosh my face when
you start skating asked elliptic Asian
kid I started skating when I was 14 I
guess around the same times yeah I was
98 then you would have been 13 14 11 11
yeah 98 no that's 98 I'm Korea 14 I'm
crazy chambers oh I don't know I I have
no idea of Ryan chambers just destroyed
our lives no you haven't liked the the
live counter reset um what do think what
was the question I don't remember
somebody asked a question we're talking
about when we start skating no it was
something else
um bear with us Ryan chambers just
ruined our lives
whatever sorry I had a question I said
it uh-huh
winner of fingerboards going out this
fall soon yeah I know the samples I know
they physically exist somewhere now
right maybe there were waiting on
samples samples are gonna come and then
they're gonna go into stores
yeah so it'll be hopefully within a few
months yeah bear with us manufacturing
takes a very rare it's monster but here
on out hopefully they'll make them like
every season or they're like twice a
year so good man I hope so
yeah redesign destroyed quarters oh we
usually do that during the winter so
yeah when you're my fast normally once a
year thanks oh no we're doing egg after
Christmas so at the beginning of the new
year normally we reevaluate the park and
any night have some thoughts on yeah cuz
I miss the old set up I missed the
stairs being able to go right towards us
we can literally take it yeah maybe in
elaborate Kevin thank you for the super
chat I've never been to Ireland have you
been to Ireland I haven't but I want to
go I'm planning a UK or a no not UK a
Europe trip for her in the spring so
hopefully we'll we'll do that but thank
you the super chap that means a lot
it didn't even show up and that we were
you hit the chat oh okay yeah okay all
right got more questions I gotta go film
a vlog is owed
do you prefer Tony Hawk pro skater or
skate 3 um skate 3 yeah I might have
play one ongoingly I probably skate
three but I owe every once a while like
pick up Tony Hawk and there's a sort of
magic there that skate doesn't have you
know like the classic Tony Hawk should
really focus a little bit one more time
well what Chaillot say just wanna get
his posts linked go up he just said I
it's been a long time since I've seen
you guys what's up Jayla wait saw my
live-streaming in the car right now I'm
JLo don't do that maybe you see I mean
he been been doing it a stoplight I was
ok yes
where's my Doritos says you will be will
we be able to see you in France I would
think so I don't wanna stop by France
maybe my Paris sure maybe I don't know
we'll see if not eventually we'll get
there but yeah International is
definitely on the list of things to do
Josh Canfield thank you so much for the
super chat and we'll do his question as
the last question um where do we meet
Aaron Cairo he hit me up and we started
talking on YouTube we brought him on
that revenge skateboards soon after I'm
trying to remember when I met Aaron I do
Mike I'd known him for a while so when I
actually finally met him it was kind of
weird because like I was like oh I feel
like I've known you but I haven't
actually met you
yeah and it was at the skate park II
always use escape that has like the pier
seven ledges Ohio with the rails - I
know I'm sorry but a man I'm in a skate
park in services go he's like iconic his
old iconic skate park
oh let's see you guys think you're
hanging out today please please please
go bug gage Smith right now at to plead
the Smith I'll put it in the info and um
let's hit him you guys have a great day
thank you to add skate revived boards
and
trucks you guys the best peace out
goodbye and let me make sure I didn't
miss any super chats nope I got it both
thank you dudes and dudettes
