all right what's up guys before I even
try to do this video look at my hair all
right granted to begin with it looks
like a Lego haircut just like clipped
onto my head but I mean this alfalfa
thing going on back here will not go
down I swear all 2011 my hair has been
ridiculous I cannot wait 2012 but I
can't do anything about this guy's it is
time my recent contest ended last
thursday and i am here to tell you the
results the winners the prize possessors
what I'm not scripting this obviously
but I watched all of the videos guys and
honestly after I got done washing them
all I was like dude I should not do one
of these contests until I can afford to
give everyone shirts because there were
some really really really awesome
entries that you guys did awesome then
so so well and all this or some really
creative stuff some great skating and it
just I really want to give you all
shirts but I unfortunately cannot do
that for everyone that entered thank you
very much but I had to narrow down to
three there's very difficult to do that
but I'm gonna get into it prizes are
about to be awarded boom alright so
third place winner is going to get their
choice of size and color scheme of this
revenge lifeline tea and that is going
to go to done to the freaking Doug done
sassy 707 or say C 707 however you say
it my dude Sam made this video and it
had like all the right elements it was
really well put together and has some
cool skating in it I had a ferret's in
it it had final fantasy 7 in it and he
played the music himself to the final
visit sound boss theme I don't know if
you guys for those of you who know what
final fantasy 7 is all about in the
contest video or I told you all about it
there was a reference to five minutes 7
on the board so I thought that was
really neat that he put that in there
Sam you did a really really good job and
you will have a message from me in your
inbox talking about how to get this
shirt to you so thank you for your entry
you rocked it I was I was loving it all
of it dude next part alright so second
place winner gets the shirts and gets a
mystery
box filled of random things I find in my
house so this is a pretty exciting prize
guys and the winner of this is going to
be alright I would just say it right now
Jesse skate be and I did not mean for
that to rhyme it kinda round that was
exact word wasn't it but I want to point
out that this this guy has won one of my
contest before he's apparently really
good at making funny contest videos you
need to watch this entry all the winners
will be all the videos will be posted
down there there'll be links down there
but watch them all but you guys really
need to see this this is the parody of
what we want revenge episode and I was
laughing the whole time he was it was it
was just really funny he was making fun
of me in a great way I loved it I mean I
guess he was kind of making fight you
know he was playing my part really well
and it's really funny so you guys could
check it out I'm guessing your name is
Jesse Jesse thank you it was a really
good contest entry and I loved it let's
go to the final big prize grand prize
winner coming at you oh wait did I
forget to cut the clip yet cut the clip
dude all right don't we have all been
waiting for the grand prize number one
winner they get to pick the shirts and
they get a visa gift card for 25 bucks
and I'm going to be honest just one of
my cards I have not bought it yet but i
will buy it and i will send it out to
the grand prize winner who is this is
the dramatic time where I talked for a
long time you guys just like man and II
just say the name I want to know John
gonna freakin done done through the
freaking dun dun dun dun dun the black
dawn yes I believe Garrett is your name
you did a really really good job it was
a skit you he was you know Garrett was
filming himself in the skid talking to
himself which I have experience with and
it's not always the easiest thing but it
put together really well and then he
managed to uh like whole skit was
talking about how you know what he
should do to try to enter the contest
and then he basically resorted to
calling James Ford which is one of my
characters I was laughing it was exactly
what I was looking for and you did bud
you one so congratulations I will
contact all of the winners and
and I will get your packages up to you
as soon as I get the addresses once
again if any of you guys are you know
younger than 18 which I know some of you
guys are if you guys are younger than 18
make sure your parents know you're give
me your address and I believe it goes to
the next part of video where I think a
lot of people so only three of you
actually plays but you know like i said
before literally a handful of you guys
really deserve shirts I'm sorry once
again that I can't give sure it's up to
everyone but I just want to state some
of the things that really stood out to
me in the videos one guy had his friend
make revenge fingerboards it was printed
right on there and everything looks so
legit I was really impressed by that I'm
actually going to contact him to try to
buy one from him hopefully I can do that
another guy did he did a parody on the
bling when I to song dammits and he
played the guitar and everything and
then he filled in the lyrics with you
know except about revenge and whatnot it
was really funny I was laughing at that
and then probably the one video that
stood out the most to me that did not
place was a younger guy named Alex I do
believe he made he started working on a
website for me he actually bought the
domain we are revenge calm and it just
he showed so much so much you know drive
and motivation and intuition is that out
of the whatever really really ambitious
dude I was really really impressed and I
will be definitely talking to him about
maybe helping out with the online
revenge stuff so thank you Alex first
but um guys if you know just because
your winner doesn't mean you're not
going to get it message from you so be
on the lookout some of you guys are
definitely get some messages from me
about various things yeah thank you very
very much I had a really really good
time watching all the entries my my
girlfriend Brittany actually sat down
with me and she was sitting there going
all and saying everything was cute and
we really did enjoy all of them so thank
you guys i'm going to do another contest
when the decks get in and it's not going
to be a video contest it's going to be
anyone no matter if you have a camera or
not anyone has chanced
win this so yeah that'll be exciting
guys look out for that and that'll be up
with probably probably about a month
we'll do the good does that contest and
then after that before the year is over
I do have one more at the end of contest
and it is going to be a video contest so
if you guys had fun with this you'll be
a be able to enter another video contest
on my channel to you soon not soon but
you know canada soon ish but i'm going
to go let's do a hair check and ya see
that is the little better no no maybe i
should just throw my head of the camera
and then walk away and be like Dan it
did it it that's not good outro outro
anybody em want to talk about hair but
all right what don't you give up let's
keep going ah that looked real did it
totally looked real you know the bad the
first the third the oh my gosh my head
of my face that didn't work is it fell
off at the no7 and hold on when his
check that was that was that that's what
that's that just happened Wow here's the
drama time this is where I just talked
for a bunch bunch of two tons of seconds
and did a bunch of tons of seconds come
on it was just it was really really cool
really what I was looking forward really
really really really really really don't
said really and i'm sorry i cannot give
like i said before i'm sorry i can't
give i'm sorry that i repeat myself like
a freaking plastic surgery patient what
what did that mean and um he played he
saying he stuttered a bunch crappy oh my
gosh oh my gosh hat hat hat bad bet hair
hat is on the ground here is really
stupid on top of my head I'm gonna start
and start us stop oh sorry I can't talk
so I'm gonna just cut this clip
you
