alright guys so if you're new to my
videos then I can't really say anything
to get you ready for what you're about
to see but to try to sum this up is that
I mess up when I'm making my videos and
sometimes I kind of freak out and do a
bunch of weird things so this is the
funniest Bluebird montage 5 boom that's
the other side of my hand watch it
by all means I'm open to more ideas what
am I do what am i what am i Diaz am I
saying if I can't say I don't even know
if they understand what their idea is
because I can't freaking talk about my
ideas what the heck did I just say
hey what is up guys I didn't like that
anyway let's just do it again
well then then there and did I did
actually well what am i bummed bunny
holy crap that my dip yep yet there I
was kind of mad brain and this is your
brain on drugs that I really thought
that was gonna break right there I just
kind of this is gonna suck I better get
all my my electronics out of the way you
talk or you don't or you get out all
right
it's like you either lead follow or eat
Chipotle gosh don't want to eat you
polite right now come on
gosh hurt are you suck at standing yeah
um so honestly that what the heck I was
doing so smoothly talking so smoothly
talking and then you gotta just stumble
over one stupid word I don't even know
if my hands are against me or me I'm
against me I don't even know what's
happening right now this start over I
get asked that question several times a
day die just stutter I'm an idiot 8 8 8
8 8 ding yes yes yes yeah so I want you
to start this video out by saying this
was a bad take why don't you just start
over and II wasn't explicit but should i
SiC of they they turning it up what
happens in my mouth just create sounds
and throw it out sometimes she's a peach
well I didn't remember what I said
anymore
well I actually tried to say something
right there and I just kept going with
that that wasn't alright whatever I'm
taking these with me that was stupid
here's a foot yes yes yes yes can I talk
right now can I talk right now
no because I'm singing right now then
shut up was so stupid settled in now and
a lot of you might be
what I said I just hit a youtube block
you know there's writer's blocks
there's mind blocks there's roadblocks
actually YouTube block I was talking and
it was like boom you're done Eddy you
don't know what you're saying but I'm
gonna start this off on a bummer note or
I guess I've already started the video
but I'm gonna quit talking who talked to
me and then shut up makes sense
and then maybe mr. Guinness this great
grandson or whoever's around the company
now might be like you know what I'm
gonna give this dude I'm gonna give this
dude a world record of Guinness this I'm
coming to stop I'm gonna stop talking
and it's awesome but you know I have a
lot of really net a lot of try it Evan
oh yeah ha
no said brain on drugs
or your wedding um grand prize should be
the last to dummy gosh we should say the
third then second and then grand prize
suspension is the key to your lifetime
supremacy whether to them and yeah so
with further with with further adieu
with just hold on a second because I got
some ado is further said who I would
love to admit there when they made up
that word like with three Xanadu meet
what house then I'm gonna stop talking
about the word to do because it's weird
and I can only use it correctly guys is
that do you remember a couple updates
video updates gosh you know some people
have anger issues I have I have like
mental health issues I think because
that's no I'm not even talking about it
need you by my side this is my side I
need you budget this is my head it's not
red because humans here is not it's not
red human skin stop red should I do this
to the chair should I have done it
before when the camera wasn't on and now
I'm singing like am in a country song
but I'm not I'm in my room with a chair
and a shirt it's not fair
