youtube what is up guys I have some
exciting news for you but first I know
you guys are looking this insane where
the heck is Andy I'm house / dog sitting
my aunts and uncles house so that's why
it looks so different i'm talking to my
laptop too so probably the video looks
different too but what I really have to
say is that the revenge store is on line
I know you guys have been waiting for
this for a long time but finally you can
buy shirts we're also launching the
revenge website so at the end of this
there will be a URL or you can just go
down there and below the video and
whatnot there'll be a direct link to the
website and the store so if you want to
skip the web site entirely just go to
the store boom you can do that it's
really easy to check out on the website
you just have to have a credit or debit
card or a paypal account you have to
have these you know we might figure out
a way where you can send some checks in
or something later on to right now
that's that's your only options but you
just it's really easy to check out you
can use your paypal or you know just
fill in the information and I think
it'll make you a make up a password
that's not we were just just fill it in
and go with it but yeah I'm really
excited if you wear a small or a large
you might want to jump on this really
fast because I've been before they got
online we've so we saw a decent mountain
Cincinnati and they're going fast so
quantities are very limited if you're
going for a medium that's a little
better size we have a you know a few of
those so go get it guys the shirts are
really really good the fifty percent
cotton and fifty percent polyester they
feel really good out of all the shirts
of ever ordered these are my favorite um
they're you know they're soft light they
feel great to skate in so they feel
great to wear even if you're not a
skateboard they're just there's great so
check them out if you have any questions
put it down there and I will answer
later tonight I'm so busy today so I'll
get on here tonight and answer as many
questions but um yes we ship worldwide
the shipping is a little more expensive
I'm going to try to lower that in the
months to come but right now like I have
no idea how many get those shipping
because it's just that much to ship
outside of the country um so yes so if
you live in the UK you can order a shirt
don't worry if you live in Brazil I
don't care where if you were shipping
address we'll try to get it to you so go
check it out guys leave me uh some
feedbacks tell me what you think and
that's that I hope I just said
everything right I've been having to do
this in one take because I don't know
how to use this Final Cut Pro that's on
my laptop Final Cut Pro 10 which is
supposed to be horrible but i'm using
that right here so hope I can get this
video online but I'm gonna go if I can
manage to get the bloopers at the end of
this I will do that I will try let me go
guys thank you for all your support
you've been asking for shirts so long
and here they are finally we're gonna
have to get some new designs made weird
X in about three weeks and we got some
exciting things happening so go get this
way you can and we'll have more to come
so yeah i'ma say one more thank you then
I'm gonna I'm probably gonna grab a dog
and show him you okay thank you very
much guys Rita you just set up your the
dog coming for you really look Rita Rita
Rita Rita Rita Rita dead Jen intent yeah
you don't you don't look so bad about
that here you carmina by youtube
right here not really exciting video but
exciting news and but first off youtube
what is up guys i mix to make sense gosh
i turn the thing on and i messing up all
over the place who i don't know if i can
put bloopers in this because it on how
to use this stupid editing program on my
laptop alright what're those
you
