yeah I'm bugs drop some knowledge on you
that's why I'm sitting your smile like
an idiot it is contest time it's been a
long time since I've done a contest so a
lot of you guys out there like man it's
about time Andy but yeah I got their
revenge shirts in so you know it's a
given that I got to give some of these
away right these are actually gonna be
on sale next week we're just waiting on
the paypal to get our business paypal to
get going so we can link the store to
the paypal but for now why don't you
just try to win some okay your first
question is probably be like how you
know what exactly my winning well yeah
third prize is going to get a choice you
get any size small medium large extra
large and then we have to color schemes
here that is third third place third
prize whatever is and then second prize
is gonna get your choice of a shirt and
make a random mystery box to know this
you're not going to get a pair of shoes
but in fact this might not be the box
but what I'm going to do is I'm going to
go around my house and just put random
things in might be valuable might be not
I don't know but it's gonna be it's
gonna be kind of surprising and you
don't know what's happening so that's
exciting right the grand prize is going
to be your choice of a shirt and then a
$25 visa gift card or whatever it is
basically 25 bucks you can spend
anywhere so rock on that's pretty cool
and now I bet you're wondering how do I
win this Andy well I'm gonna tell you
all right first off you have to be
subscribed to my channel so if you're
not go up there and hit the magic yellow
button or whatever YouTube zoom in with
these days it should be right up there
all you do is hit it and you know it
it's done you're subscribed so do that
and then what you actually have to do to
enter the contest is you have to make a
video up to two minutes long I'm not
going to be a stickler so two minute 15
seconds that's fine but if you send me a
video that's like three minutes or
longer I'm probably in this regard so
keep around two minutes guys but what I
want you to do in this video is just
simply tell me why you should win this
contest it does not have to be
skateboarding related it can be skating
related of course but it could be
anything you want be creative with it
and you know be waiting with it put some
effort into it though if I can tell that
you like really like stretch your brain
like put your heart and soul into this
and like oh heck yeah if it oppresses me
it's going to increase your chances of
winning so have fun with the guys
you know put some put some effort into
it but make sure at some point of the
video that you have you talked to the
camera saying hey this is why I should
win so I can see your face you know you
can of course have friends in the video
but make sure it's you entering and only
one entry per person so it's like if I
see your face popping up a bunch of
videos saying hey I should win hey I
should win hey I should win then you
know I'm gonna be impressed they put
that much effort into it but it's not
fair only one entries guys only one
entry I can't talk one entry per person
is what I'm trying to say next part of
this video alright so once you have your
video you're going to come to this video
and post it as a video response do not
send it to me in a message because I get
so many others a day it will get lost so
to get your video ready come back to
this video and post it as a video
response you have one week technically
one week and you know add it half a day
or so in thursday the 25th at midnight
so technically that be the 26 but the
25th at midnight is when the the
contents going to be over my go-to video
and i'm going to stop accepting rear
responses i will then review all videos
and post the winners within the next
week so rock on guys get to crackin some
some questions i get a lot with these
contests is that yes if you live
anywhere in the world you can enter it
it's not just US citizens or you know
whatever you want to say you can live in
Europe you can live in Asia you can live
in Africa Australia wherever as long as
I can ship it to you as long as you have
a shipping address you can enter and if
you are younger than 18 make sure your
parents know that you're going to enter
this because you know if you win you're
gonna have to give me your address so
your parents might not like you doing
that so make sure they're okay with you
entering before you do it that's why
they guys if you have any questions
leave leave a comment if I'm going to
get so many questions of everything I
just answered but if I got a question
that is valid information and then I did
not answer I will put it in the
information below so check there if you
have a question it might be answer right
there I thought you better just shut up
okay I'm not not ready for you just now
that's it there guys yeah we got some
shirts to win and some goodies some
extras so this one's also
down totally up so now good luck guys I
can't wait to see your guys submissions
and we actually have another contest in
about a month when i get the decks in
i'm going to do a contest i'll give a
deck or two away so be looking forward
to that and i'm gonna stop rambling
because I've been trying to this video
forever and you know what outro just
take it away
yeah I'm going to drop some knowledge on
you guys that's why I'm sitting here
smelling this up listen to me I'll tell
you exactly what your wedding I'm grand
prize should be the last you dummy gosh
we should say the third then second and
then grand prize suspension is the key
to your lifetime supremacy whether this
proud of your first question I forgot to
say this the part about the part about
the one thing man so I'm going to start
over i'm gonna say I'm gonna start over
yeah oh no no stop playing oh my gosh
computer you guys just got a sneak peek
if we were event 17 Nadon you got like a
miniscule sneak peek all right I'm done
duh in order to win this and if you
don't I will laugh like that at you I'm
just kidding I would never laugh you
like that long all right I oh my gosh I
totally just realized the meaning of
life right there I've got to go guys
take take it easy buddy
