now youtube what is up guys so I was at
the Columbus Zoo the other day and I was
filming animals like you know you're
supposed to do at a zoo but I got that
piece of the Poor Bear and I was like oh
my gosh this most likely has to go on
the internet so here's the video but you
know what i like about animals is that
they can do something completely brutal
like rip another and one half and bite
its head off and it's considered
adorable yeah i mean okay it is a little
cute but I'm just saying he still ripped
the fish in half and bit its head off ah
but I did manage to fill my lid that is
not really cute at all and I am warning
you right now if you do not want to see
a gorilla puke and eat it back up again
do not watch this because it is a little
gross but it was so weird I was like you
know what I probably put this on
internet too so if you don't want to
watch this you know skip ahead 20
seconds because it's it's kinda it's
kind of gross
I just did it again oh my gosh you got a
pen cup it just filmed that he just eats
it again grossest gorilla in the whole
world yeah and that gorilla did that
like a couple times I was like that is
completely weird I'm really glad I'm not
a gorilla because I know better um but
yeah that's it short little animal video
at the end after the whatever the outro
there's some footage of me hanging out
some goats so watch that if you want to
and stay tuned for some more videos
subscribe or die it's been a while since
I've said that one on that note I think
I'll throw something goodbye
this is a goat and i'm at the columbus
zoo right now guys and I was like you
know what some hanging else and go to
might as well upload video about it gosh
this looks cute guys so how do you tube
hey you two hey doing goat goat goat
goat you're checking out a rubber mat
come over come over here but come here
bud come here
alright well I was exciting and that's
all God guys so hope you guys have a
good day what is he doing here he's like
eating his foot all right no by romantic
goodbye
you
