alright guys so I pulled together some
ancient footage of me getting kicked out
of skate spots when I was younger
oh and this video does have a little bit
of language in it if you do not want it
you know I've said this before if you
don't want to hear language your price
shouldn't be on YouTube in the first
place but hey I'm just saying there's
some language in it and it is time to
watch shows me I like skateboarders but
then why because that your our insurance
is not Derek's game or it's not yours my
work here do you own harder fuckin
trouble no it don't you're more you
didn't kick out the skateboard on
sitting for it your source all the way
over there how your sponsor doesn't
matter but doesn't matters Mike's
doesn't matter if we skate uw doesn't
want you skating that back edges around
the nicer story were stupid if you like
skateboarders and why are you kicking us
up because there's no skating on this
problem kid before this whole class the
fucking car stuff they're here my run up
your dumb ass oh my mouth no doubt a lot
of phone cops never use the arrest oh
yeah you can't do that on staff
now we're watching four cars I'm
stopping this board it falls
oh yeah I know I'm stopping this board
if he falls up there you tore up the
guitar up the steps up there good I
didn't do that
I didn't do it wait wait the guy went up
there is hope stuff no you hit your head
okay get your tickets now the United in
you know
oh I do hope it's gonna be good again so
funny
quite a play tough an attempt on the
place
it's in the
shit we're gonna busted
summer yeah good yeah awesome
I do it right now okay all right so I'll
just get your stuff and get off my
property for my coke ah I'm sorry with
the we just thought was abandoned we
didn't see where hurt in it where will
they you're on our property
okay I'm with you all right now all
right that's fine that's good everything
else
all right the first and foremost thing
that I have to say about this video is
the simple fact that the guy asked for a
cordless phone didn't go with me I mean
this is old footage but it's not that
old I mean cell phones definitely
existed and even if I didn't exist
why would you why wouldn't you just ask
for a phone so excuse me do you've a
cordless phone oh hold on my beeper is
going off because it's apparently 1988
but as for the kick-outs guys you know
it's just so unfortunate growing up as a
skateboarder because so many people are
just so angry and power-hungry and you
know I get that a lot of people don't
want you skating on their property but
what really gets to me is the people
that kick you out and are just complete
jerks to you that do not care if you're
skating there general they're just doing
it to be angry and like you know to have
power over someone I mean like there
could be like like some robber like
killing people over there they'd be like
well that's you know I don't want
anything to do with that but you you
skateboarder I will give you a piece of
my mind because you can't retaliate on
me
it's disgusting if you really want to
see how rude the world is be a 16 year
old skateboarder and actually I have
some advice for your future kick-outs
guys try being polite and respectful I
mean you're definitely not going to feel
that way because you're getting kicked
down the spot but I mean one if you're
that if you're nice a lot of times I
won't call the cops and sometimes
they'll even let you skate there but you
know if you get that person that's
really yelling at you're crazy and it's
like you know stuff that's happened in
their head it's like I'm 40 years old
and I'm yelling at the top of my lungs
and looking like an idiot too you know
teenagers that are being completely
polite and respectful they're being way
more adult about this than I am like
even if they don't show it they're
walking away feeling pretty stupid I
mean don't get me wrong I definitely had
my fun with kick outs but all in all
like I usually try to be playing
respectful and it works out for the best
even if it's just to make them feel like
a complete idiot I don't know it's a lot
better now you know I still skate Street
and I don't really get kicked out that
often and you know it's probably because
I have this beard and I roll with a
freaking t-rex so people see that and
they're just like you know I'm not
messing with that dude but it is it's
unfortunate and I'm gonna go guys so I
will see you on the flip side I'm gonna
put on my glasses that made me look like
I'm in Daft Punk and say subscribe or
die because I haven't said that
wait I think I just said that or about
to say that what did I say that
this is way too futuristic these glasses
on I'm out of here let her guys
funny it has some language in time to
watch all Facebook well you just
Facebook me computer I just record that
like that's the Democrat that I do that
I don't film at the time I am I am
different
I am different there's some language in
it and it is time to watch Facebook what
did you say to me what the heck did you
say to me you said Coolio
but he's not talking about the 90s
rapper he's talking about cool man
and Adonai o Jacob Jacob Jacob Jacob mid
Kipps you said then I want to say you
know what I'm sexy part
you
