youtube what's up guys so yeah a couple
videos ago you guys asked me a bunch of
questions and I read through all and
picked out some of them and I'm here to
answer them for you without further ado
I'm going to get right into this this is
the third ever YouTube survey on my
channel or something like that whatever
the name is matter answers are about to
come fly ash you punch
yes video games have always been a hobby
of mine unfortunately nowadays I'm too
busy to play video games as much as I'd
like to but lately when i get time i've
been playing my 3ds and back rate of
time on it this is one of the greatest
games of all time if you haven't played
it you need to pay it on play because
it's amazing but some of my favorite
games are the faun fantasy series
specifically 6 through 10 and you know
the call of duty's i play those Lots any
Mario game Zelda game basically any of
the Nintendo classics I still play these
days those are amazing but my favorite
video game of all time is earthbound for
the Super Nintendo if you like RPGs you
must find a way to play this game it is
really good next question
oh this is kind of hard because YouTube
for me is split up into two worlds
there's the skinny side and then there's
the everything else if someone would
just like walk up to me and put me on
the spot be like Andy you know I'm gonna
kill you if you don't tell me your
favorite youtube channel i probably just
instinctively say brats and beretta if
you don't know who they are look them up
they do some of the funniest skits out
there they're talented and what they do
is really entertaining so check them out
then there's the skating side and I
follow a lot of skating channels and I
would never pick a favorite because
there's there's so many there's so much
great stuff out there you know Metro as
I you guys buried up well no metro does
some really great stuff I follow NM and
I actually pronounced the end you know I
don't think the average person out there
pronounces the N in n Madame but I do
and V echo that's a good channel you
should check out Nigel everything he
puts out as awesome is that means like
professional raid like it's just some of
the best skating out there so yeah I
could not pick a favorite skating
channel but overall I would just say
Brett some brother because they're
awesome and I want support
please don't a hard it's an Andy
Claudia's moment ever okay there's been
a lot of these but the first one that
comes to mind involves my friend Brian
aims and if that does not sound familiar
do you may remember him from this clip
alright so Brian and I are standing in
his garage okay he's garage doors open
and it's a beautiful day outside and
there's a volleyball right on the floor
there in front of me and I'm like you
know just like any guy would feel he'd
be like I have to keep this ball ball as
hard as I can out of this garage so I
swing my foot back and just spam hit
this volleyball at the same time branna
drop something and he was completely
clue as to what I was doing so he bends
down to pick it up and the volleyball
just hits him smack in the face it was
like boom dead silent just staring at
him red waiting for me like kill me or
like break out into tears or something
because like man I mean if you kick
available as hard as you can that that
does not feel good but his face was like
bright red and he just stared at me
didn't say one word just walked into his
house I laughed forever and in fact like
for the next like a couple years any
time I would remember that that time in
his garage I were to start dying
laughing completely inappropriate no
matter where I was I would just start
dying laughing and that was one of my
funniest moments error I lymph that's
that funny for you guys but he oh my
gosh for me yeah you don't have playin I
do
you know I really want to say no to this
but I mean have you seen them some of
the stupid stuff I do on the internet
question thought its subjects okay but
in all honesty uh I don't usually free
again like that unless I'm trying to
film a video or like do a skit or like
haven't you know i'm just i'm in the
moment or sometimes don't do it skating
but no I don't like I'm not like walking
on the grocery store like flipping out
about avocados or something adage don't
do that or do I
you know I'm kind of offended that you
would even ask that in the first place
so the answer is no I will not answer
your question you're freaking Rick stick
spacebar
favorite pro skater Jamie Thomas hands
down
yes in fact I work with music a lot more
than you guys probably think um but for
those of you who don't know you know my
outro music this well that's from a song
that I wrote but I don't have a band i
have a name for like the stuff i produce
but I basically I come up with a song i
read it on the guitar and just singing
and then i take it to my friend and when
the studio would make it a lot better
and that's that I've been in the studio
lately though and I actually have a
single coming out so stay tuned for that
well first when I was younger that was
just one of the goals I had set for
myself I really really really wanted to
learn how to skate handrails so the best
way to do it is you find a small park
rail they can get comfortable on just
like going down a rail and then just
find a really good seven stair and you
basically just kind of got to go for it
just feel as safe and as comfortable as
possible and then stick the trick you
don't want to go to a smaller rail
because honestly like a forced air is
going to be a lot tougher land than the
seven stairs so go to the park learn it
and you know get your confidence up and
then when you feel safe doing it on a
bigger of real handrail take it there
and watching this on youth every type
every day before you go out and skate
helps too
as weird as I am in my videos the answer
is no I have never done a drug in my
life actually um when I was younger I
made the decision that I was like you
know if I get into like partying and
drinking and drugs and on stuff I'm
gonna lose myself in it like I was like
I want to stay motivated i want to skate
and I want to like really like you know
go for this I wanna get sidetracked and
that was my original motivation behind
not doing anything and I didn't you
haven't necessarily have anything
against it i just didn't want myself to
get lost in it and then later in life i
had a lot of friends just get bad into
it they quit everything and they just
did drugs a lot i had two friends that
got really bad to drugs and committed
suicide so it's not really like it II I
have a lot of experience with it let's
just say um and you know ever since
seeing what it did a lot of my friends
even just starting with marijuana and
then it took them somewhere else I mean
like you know some people can control
himself but some people can't and then
you end up with dead friends so not for
me I never done drugs and I never will
do drugs this is a dinosaur dinosaur is
gone because he's on drugs I don't know
that might be why
favorite bands as a teen okay no effects
Pennywise AFI CKY millencolin Fugazi
misfits strung out the list could go on
forever but there's a handful guys
you guys had that that didn't you all
right well I'm not going to do the thing
I normally do and lead you want to make
you think i'm going to tell you but I'm
gonna say this that Metro has a pretty
informative video on this subject so you
might want to click the link at the end
of this video or the link down the
underbar right here because it might
just in form you of a little secret here
are there so guys I'm gonna cut the clip
right now but what I'm gonna do is I'm
going to put these glasses on and I'm
gonna make a fist and I'd be like catch
you guys later oh you thought that I
would end the video right there cuz it'd
be a dramatic time to end the video be
perfect I punched the camera video an
end and I wouldn't be talking but no I'm
going to keep on talking and then the
video
and maybe that you know what I'm good
time which I need to start over again
because that was just not worded that
that goodly answer them and yeah so with
further with with further ado with just
hold on a second because I got some
adieu to further said i would love to
admit there when they made up that word
like with please ado me what that was
bad I'm gonna stop talking about the
word to do because it's weird and I
can't use it correctly but up a boom
boom boom I always sing that's all my
videos because the beat is so who catchy
here's my hat it's going through the
camera
you
