her first fall yeah keep on going all
right pick it up and run
Oh
Oh
BAM hey oh no Meah hit your I'm gonna
punch you in the back of the head cuz I
was so good come on Pam got you dude are
you gonna do it again what what does
that what it was a pop show of 50 and
their boys cracks right there
you too what's up guys oh I'm an idiot
moving on place youtube what's up guys
so yeah if you've been following my
channel for a while you've probably seen
most that footage but I've never done
edit of Alex or least I don't think I
have and I was like it's about time that
I do this so I found those songs in
garage bands so don't ask me what those
are there from garage band and I put
that together not a lot of fun doing it
I actually wasn't going to talk during
this video because you know I don't
always talk with filmign just like
playing skate videos but I wanted to
talk I want to thank Alex actually alex
has been with me on the revenge projects
since the very beginning for like two
years now or a year and a half hour long
has been and um he's been with me since
day one and he's like one of the only
dudes is just I can always rely on to
skate or helping out with a video or
just you know hang out so Alex I know
you're busy and you have a family and a
job and they work a lot but thank you
you've been a good friend and a great
help at all this so I just wanted to say
that and guys honestly I think alex alex
is one of my favorite skateboarders but
he gets better every single time he
steps on the skateboard I honestly think
that so good job Alex thank you and I'm
gonna go I don't know how many thing
funny or goofy to do at the end of it
okay so just don't even expect me
through that because I'm just going to
leave I wasn't fine
I totally deserves to what I just did
another wood that's three words for
you
