YouTube what's up guys I'm gonna be
honest sometimes I'm just in the mood
for candy and this is the way a real
dude gets his candy boom that's right
I live in one anymore but you know what
my desk is a little bit messy so this is
the way a real dude cleans his desk
a clean desk Candy's been thrown and the
video is about to start like a real dude
does a video all right
just kidding guys I'm not a real dude
I'm totally a fake one that was a weird
thing to say but uh that was a cheesy
intro and I really am doing the video
now so first and foremost I want to say
that I'm sorry all you people that ask
questions from a survey video a couple
weeks ago you know I was supposed to
pick some questions and answer them make
a video about my answers and I haven't
done that yet and I'm sorry for the
delay but as you can see I have a new
setup here I actually moved I moved from
Cincinnati up to Columbus which was like
an hour half of above Columbus
Cincinnati and I'm getting settled in
here and as soon as I have some time
that'll be one of the first videos that
I do so it is coming I just said to sit
tight and it'll be here eventually for
all you people that are worried like
wait you live above Cincinnati that does
that mean revenge is away from you
yes revenge is back in Cincinnati but no
worries I'm going to be back in
Cincinnati every week filming with them
so their revenge videos are going to
continue and I'm gonna stop talk about
revenge right now and I'll talk about a
little later because we've got some news
but I got you know I got this little
list and I have no idea why but I wrote
down movies I guess my past self wanted
me to talk about movies but I have seen
a lot of cool movies this summer you
know it began with Thor and then x-men
x-men my gosh if you have a face it got
punched off well if you have a if you
have a face and you watch the movie you
got punched off in a great way because
that movie was awesome yeah if you if
you get a chance to see that or when it
comes out on DVD watch that because
that's a really good reboot of the
series and then I just saw Captain
America that was pretty good
that's worth a watch but definitely the
movie of probably the year for me is
Harry Potter enough eye hollows to in oh
my gosh
and not only punched my face but it
melts
and then threw it away like I don't even
have I don't know what this is because
it's not my face if you haven't seen
that go watch the last Harry Potter
movie is just really really good and if
you have seen it go watch it again
because it's good enough to see a second
time I've always been a fan of the books
and the movies so I was I was psyched
for it and you know it's sad to see it
end but that's what happens things end
I'm ready for the next big thing to come
along right okay you guys talked me into
it
I will talk about revenge and I've got
really good news I am officially the
owner of revenge skateboards LLC I got
my papers back from the state and yeah
revenge is officially a real company now
so I already have the shirts are coming
in this week you know finally I'm gonna
start so insurance do guys with an you
know as soon as I can get them online
I'll be selling them to you i order
stickers so if you order a shirt and get
you know some free stickers that'll be
cool and I am trying to talk to the wood
press that that's gonna make our boards
except when I email them they do not
email me back it's like dude I'm trying
to buy your product here dingos why
don't you just respond so you guys can
make some money so as soon as I get that
in the worst I will have decks to sell
in the meantime you know we're gonna
keep making videos of course we were at
avenged 17 is half film hopefully I'll
get down I don't know it seemed alex is
on call for his job so he's only he
can't go out filming so it may be a
little while for men 17 but we have more
videos coming we have the product coming
and we thank you guys for watching us
and all the support you know you guys
tell us like every day like hey make the
shirt to make the boys will buy them and
we are already completely appreciative
of that guys I'm really excited to get
this going and I will keep you updated
as much as I can but they used to come
I've got quite a few and I made a list
of them because I knew I wasn't gonna be
able to remember them all like I said we
all been 17 is you know half filmed it
is in the works so don't ask questions
about that we'll have it out as soon as
we're done filming this weekend I have a
skate montage from Alex you know I've
never put all his footage together it
made a little part for him so I can get
a song to use I'm gonna
altogether and you guys would see a
bunch of you know montage from Alex's
footage that you've seen over the past
year so the survey the answer video will
be up with the next week and tomorrow I
think I might upload some footage from
the zoo I went to the zoo and got a
bunch of crazy animal footage so I'm
like yeah I'm gonna make a little animal
video I filmed a skit with Mitchell hose
water comedy if you don't talk about
that's all the way and since I have a
new place I think I'm gonna do a cribs
video you know like a I'll make it like
goofy and just show you guys my place I
think that's it that's all I'm a list so
far but you know I've got a lot of
videos in the works stay tuned guys and
oh and announcement right here right now
I started using Twitter I used to think
and I might still think that Twitter is
kind of dumb but I've been using it and
if you guys want to keep in touch and
see all their knickers pictures and
whatever things I post there'll be a
link down there so go follow me on
Twitter or whatever you do there and
yeah because no one talks to me on there
no one does anything I talk and like no
one cares except Brent's friends and
Brent talks me thank you guys I'm gonna
stop talking though this video is
officially over bloopers the end because
I have a super idiot here is my dinosaur
goodbye subscribe or get dinosaur
I'm taking these with me that was stupid
here's a foot doing the video right now
so I want to start this video out by
saying this was a bad take why don't you
just start over Andy and now that a lot
of you might be what what I should I
just hit a YouTube block you know
there's writer's blocks
there's mind blocks there's roadblocks I
just know YouTube block I was talking
and it was like boom you're done Andy
you don't know what you're saying
with like taxes and all that gee I'm not
proud of myself but next part of video
happens right now need you by my side
this is my side I need you bug it this
is my head it's not red because humans
here is not it's not red human skins
that bread
