it's your lives going right you are live
hope people are saying hi what's up guys
this has been so long since I've been
filming a video because I've been on
vacation and normally it's Monday I do
throwback Mondays on Monday but I'm not
today
but I have some exciting news but I'm
putting together a board that's why I'm
doing this and I'm let you guys hang out
if you're watching this live let me hang
out if you're watching this whether it
goes up on YouTube then thanks for
watching my youtube video but I'm gonna
test out the new force conical wheel
this has been extremely popular and I'm
gonna see what all this buzz is about
because I myself have not skated it I
just knew people wanted it so he made
one and then all my friends and say it
all my friends say is awesome this is a
UT buddy I can't edit that out I just if
I suck I suck I'm sorry by then and they
it's sold really well to it so alright
so we got the red lightning gold board
lightning bolt board it's called a
lightning I it's a red Dex of course
Milano one skate that I have some ham
grip here look at that look at the
sticker this happening that's fancy yeah
I like that it took like three stickers
to make that happen
black man trucks which I haven't I've
been skating for a while and nothing
wrong somebody keep skating some
synopsises parents so let's put it
together and you guys can ask me
questions and I got some news before I
test this out and do a few tricks
some good news it's actually good so I
need my hardware
I've been sore in the game I like to
forgot what the first step was sitting
of this game like there was a moment in
my brain there and I was like whoa what
do I do first you put the trucks on
heavy well you put the grip tape well
you put the grip tape on but I don't
everyone has lazy Sundays yeah yesterday
was Easter so yeah it was a busy so busy
but it's already clear on that one now
is it good it's entertaining if you've
read the book and you having some fun
with the movie so go check it out talk
about how long have you been skating yes
that's amazing that has a bigger like
have you talked to get us no no these
are going too fast
you got 650 people it's not 600 people
what's your favorite trick yeah whoopsy
if you watch my videos got those three
ones all the time
what's your favorite TV show on Netflix
probably stranger things we're supposed
to come from
if it's if it came from TV Parks and Rec
er of the office or maybe starts Star
Trek next generation I like all those
right now I'm watching the new season of
Trailer Park Boys and awesome a bracket
we started watching the new trailer park
was it
these are Don't Tell don't I don't know
what that go tell me are you sponsored
yes sponsor my right under my skateboard
sports wheels which are my companies so
I'm of course going to rent my own stuff
but uh Oh Ryan trucks does have had my
back for a long time and grip grip tape
is my buddy Doug's company I always say
that's skateboarding because that's what
their tag is right but their shoes I
love this the dudes they're awesome
the shoes are my favorite so I'm so had
to likewise the same wagon am i back do
you plan on sponsoring riding little Eve
you said something like we went to
Chichen Itza okay which is like ancient
Mayans oh yeah yeah that's incredible
but no I mean if he skates I don't know
if he'll get into skating I even take it
to your sister right he did and he like
if I felt like he actually contributed
just keep worrying and like made it a
better place and you can skate maybe you
know if it made sense but I like to
think that kind of like not to say I'm
on their level at all the rila talkin
Tony Hawk like I'm imagine he would
probably step away live like I was
growing up it might not escape our
company but it still love skateboarding
really good thing this shirt could be so
greasy after this this is the boring
part when I was putting the trucks on
but these wheels
so what's do about these wheels is that
they're wider and they're like they're a
crisper what do you say that they're
different shape altogether like most
skate wheels we've had like kind of like
you can come in kind of like go around
her right here these are like really
flat and they actually go in if you can
see oh we're back we're back
Fry's variety probably knew I was alive
but he's just probably a jerk like in a
friend when he yelled him because if it
didn't come back they'll be really
annoying yes
people are talking I believe people are
donating to you too how do you do this
well yeah they keep popping up but how
do you pull them all up click-click
chats super chat super chat no no one
has done super chance well you got money
what is this money oh I don't know maybe
maybe it disappeared now because Brian
called and they disappeared
if someone said super chats not showing
up on us I'm deeply deeply sorry but
whoever did thank you so much
I'm sorry I've ruined the whole vibe
they weren't searchable every Monday
talk to you two again originally said
they were going to take care of it and
they did not and I was like they were
very nice about everything like I'm not
mad at you two I know it wasn't like
anyone's fault it was just a glitch when
they were trying to handle some other
bigger problems but I talked to him
again and they're very nice they go down
and then they just recently they turned
on the callback on and you can search
them now and their background so it's
actually kind of fortunate because I
took some of them down when ivory
uploaded them but either way
but yeah there's some like your
skateboarder okay we used to get made
fun of because we skateboarding now we
make fun of each other because someone
holds a board a certain way that is a go
lamest thing or like why do you care how
someone holds our skateboard that's like
I feel like that's like that's like you
know when you're in high school and
people make it fun you for stupid stuff
the same lame thing you hook your forms
that way like compares dude I think I
have much better things to worry about
than how someone holds
I gotta get this question out what is
your favorite dog the dogs are weird
like that what's your favorite cereal
leave here and go down to dry
I really he was here come back to Philly
anytime soon have fun all our spots are
gone yeah I don't know if this Vegas or
LA chris mcnugget once now
there's like any smell ditches it's the
greatest fates of people got there's
enough dumb things happening in Vegas
the cops I've heard your skateboard
unless you're like Wayne Lee like that
like that just because you know like all
right yes slightly it's not heavy but
it's heavier than I'm used to
and it shows it and it shows yeah
they're smooth very smooth they almost
feel like freezer wheels there you go
you get your
I'm right away
it's yeah you like it right
I like tomorrow like a father-son
adventure thing and then New Orleans
Wednesday Oh
filming this video Oh me yeah no problem
and then stay tuned I'm gonna breath
that's Mexico tomorrow but um
throwback Monday a little different now
if you guys gonna get some more of them
but they're coming to an end so thank
you guys for understanding and
throughout all this it's such a weird
time on YouTube and like I said I have
some really big news coming out soon I
just don't want to say so uh thank you
guys just have a great day you want to
check super jazz in case somebody did do
it um I think we got your super chat was
what's your favorite dog oh I'm sorry
now it's not popping on it's not like
super chat it was some gaming I don't
know maybe I need to update the app or
something either way thank you guys the
dog bye
