don't even blink at all I put it down
Jim we didn't they startle you like
internally no no whatever are ya we got
a we got a we got a box to unboxing okay
this is from our friend Katie yes she
rules she has been a supporter of what
we do for a long time yes and she sent
us this the last time she sent to
something he was really rad like mate
from her heart and hands like she makes
things she draws and I think I know what
this is and I think it's can be really
exciting
why are you holding it like a bit
usually I am totally a pen that's like
that was danger I know while aiming it
at me isn't haribol thing don't do
you'll do anything that Andy stock is
doing right now camera again things
everything you're doing apparently I
know you're not supposed to there's like
computers you gotta know I did this
oh god myself did you know oh oh it's
Star Wars toys all right we got the Star
Wars Micro Machines where'd you get
these today well they brought him back
yeah yeah my career machines like exist
again so that's cool here's a letter may
the force be with you schrock wars how'd
she make that look it looks like a
printed out like a super lightsabers
making the force learner oh my gosh yeah
see that's super creative can you see
that can you focus on that it's amazing
that's rad the O is like the force logo
which there's no relation to the name of
the company force and Star Wars both
cool words all right I will read that
what are you doing this is what I
thought were in it keychains
whoa this is not what I thought was it
are these like little like revived
keychains
I should add Rou all I know she did this
with her hand I should ask her to make
some of these for the giveaways that
Alex does oh that's awesome
I don't actually use a keychain I wash I
see a lot of her stuff come up but I
haven't seen the news save the world
litzke died that mess to Cincinnati dick
okay so she made some custom revive
finger boards oh wow okay this like she
painted that on there that's the
Cincinnati day if Steven who's editing
my video can edit can find a picture
he's gonna put this deck on the screen
right now see it see it that's awesome
this is the Gabe Smith I feel what's
inside that's a generic telling right
we'll set that aside gage Smith she does
this just move my hand yeah
this is so so cool look at this and then
she got like orange wheels to like match
it make it look awesome this is the oh
these are for people this isn't for me
all right this is for JP say all right
this was that was JP's the I hope they
find out they have these is from
watching my video
well that one was for me to you right -
Andy oh yeah - okay - that's all right
for just a lot of careers there is so
much snow she's the nicest you guys
should totally go follow us an
investable moniker okay hold on dude one
by one revived leave this that is rad
so we have the red sketch the black and
white sketch this is for you
I like I said you I get very bored I'm
skating this right now this is so cool
dude that's the best one yeah look at
the detail on this can you see that I
know I'm gonna put the wheel back on but
we there is a wheel by the way that is
awesome I'm never I'm putting this like
in my office on display I'm sorry I'm
never using Star Wars stickers who's
that why don't you get one oh no kitty
doesn't like me
it's okay we're gonna work on a
relationship okay - yes I got the best
finger board no offense guys well you've
seen me
these are more on the box all right oh
it's a forced wheel - dude look at the
tie-dye ones Wow there's no way you're
Bill see over the picture what is this
wagon its it hurt who's a brown eye it
looks like a Minecraft thing that's
pride for right
what girl you're gonna use that no I use
that look at this it's like his youtube
channel to me and Earl its Earl and I
it's Earl and me and then is it correct
pretty rad these are minecraft dudes too
Dryden is gonna be so hyped this is the
most heavily padded minecraft whatever
tube heroes there you go minecraft
roblox yeah look he goes in the cart
this is Bryan karting dude these these
is figure boards are like the coolest
thing ever
yeah are look really dumb right now I
don't see Bryan I have made you a
keyring and have included some drawings
for you so I'm gonna show you guys these
are like these are what I thought were
in here the fact that Katie threw in all
this extra stuff just for all of us that
means the world Katie thank you guys if
you guys want to see all the art she
does and radness does a lot of revive
oriented stuff on her Instagram it's at
skate - revived dashboards it's written
right here yeah and skate help
underscore skate underscore revive
underscore boards it's on the screen
it's in the info check her out and thank
you guys for watching this video here's
here's a close up of all of these of all
the boards right now
so gorgeous looking they're amazing are
you how bummed are you that you didn't
get one I'm super bummed I'm like I said
Katie we're gonna work on this
relationship you get a cool DJ okay all
right so thank you guys for watching I
have a more content where I go out and
live life and skateboard and all that
fun stuff coming tomorrow and you guys
want to see more videos from me just hit
the subscribe button right down below
and you'll be signed up see more free
videos I just want to get this video out
there because a really cool package to
everyone else that sends me stuff I am
trying to get through it I'm very sorry
that I can't do this for every single
person that sends in stuff never feel
obligated to send me anything but I
truly appreciate all the kind words all
the messages comments that I can't get
to the stuff that sent in you guys are
the very best and one thing I ever make
people think for my videos is that I
really am thankful for all of it that's
it alright thanks to you this video
brand names you guys have a great day
get out skateboard you can if you can't
then cook you something right right
watch this this is the bonus clip see
it's like it's I'm like cutting myself
Brian why'd you Karger initials into my
thing
sorry dude you need to point out there's
a backwards beat the other you're doing
like a B mob logo but I thought I
thought there is whoa that is amazing
there's more there is more leave this
won't talk about art dude ridin wasn't
in this scene what happened but I'm so
okay with it girl wasn't even oh yeah
Earl didn't be pregnant exist
it wasn't even like a glisten in his
father's eyes that moment yeah oh my
gosh
dude I'm putting that on the wall I'm
taking this don't care what you say
that's mine it's my office
it's me and my dog in it I meant me and
my child that's me and Earl come on man
oh my gosh yeah Matt you're taking that
look at this house they're incredible is
that a roll is there a word a little hat
maybe we're a little hat I gotta look at
cases Instagram yeah gage look we cage
got em Taber's face you guys ever one of
the huge Kasich dude she crushes doesn't
swap meeter here
I wonder what that's from like that had
to be from like a moment where I was
like trying to like sneakily take a
picture your boy looks like this is in
in my office this is this is in my
office and this is at my house take it
okay
you got you got a great painting of
Earls eyeball that was amazing
