amazingly yet I felt a firework you're
giving the candle with it like you right
here firework yeah they're a firework in
their warehouse Wednesday that sucked
Brian you're not you know I got this
it's not because it was loud and scary
because it was glittery and you hate
glitter yeah but it's not the most
glittery thing in the entire world
why are you watching ah dude yeah why'd
you do it again
Howie Dirk Casey hey how you doing good
man are you know why I glitter swish you
guys glitter switch it's because it's
actually Bryan Ames where is it yeah
like if you guys like know what's going
on words warehouse wins it before I even
do it all right well - yeah you are the
guy okay you're the victim the victim
and some weed a funnel this is go off
yeah this is done this was this was good
well lasted them but was a dollar the
dollar can work at all I would get so
many meds it work a dollar it is alright
dude you've got to warm up with five
tricks cool we're going to have Casey
pick those tricks and they put their
lame
Casey's up next week and hold right up
um and then you have a mystery challenge
which is going to rock create your world
awesome and then you have to make your
own skatepark really you have a skate
park in it yeah but you're going to make
it you're going to met you're going to
take a the existing skatepark and
there's a things that are not so
skatepark II and you're going to make
three different obstacles and do a trick
that impresses once again Casey me okay
you got to impress this guy and if you
do that within ten minutes you got to
admit it yeah ten minutes come on we're
back to the old hallway and things if
you do within ten minutes I'll get you a
surprise gift from my office
all right and then if you don't do it
punishment okay great punishment juice
sounds of me last time it was your where
else whether you failed in you I fail
most where else Wednesday's well let's
go we'll see if you succeed or not okay
all right I'm really sad about that gun
my back you know I want a new one
I can give you where you guys where on
the things for I'm blue about Diaw
Barack I have a rock here catch said
rock you did not catch the rock we
should get the rock for we're so yeah
five tricks to warm up tasty
when you think when you think warm-up
what do you think front Smith front
Smith on what the little one oh I'd
rather see the little one they'll be
amazing you want to draw a little one
maybe so all heard of whole thing the
whole thing I can't make her out of the
whole thing
alright 66% just Schmitt the little box
I know it'll be great
I've never smoked a little bot that dip
I wasn't present I was like oh yeah the
different is what is that the chicken is
a talus on a tramp we're good um
second-chair expect off a kickflip to
fakie on the medium thing the big bank
we look at plate it's not real thick
easily the biggest banks forget that get
up oh I think that is the Big Bang was
confetti Wow
what's next trick no the ground 180 what
what so you did it on an hour gave
escape the little one or two bop nothing
a lot but okay jo g box yeah Casey do
want to put that on your greatest it's
probably Christmas is to David for the
Keating main challenge everyone's got to
make his own skatepark how but he's
warming up right now we have warm how
many good guys cirfairy Tai Chi just
having to eat the crab plus one fourth
mini tub that's the warm-up on picking
all the tricks that he did really easily
in our you're way too nice to a person
we should be saying hard to a backside
tailslide immediately
are you happy oh my god are you happy
are you right did that verse right but
what is tell me are you surprised you
did that first drive yeah sure doesn't
it look like I should have more fingers
I don't know look at that look at that
look at the another thing it does like I
feel like I another one should just grow
if trick v warm up he's over there
but he has to do a shove no stall
he's trying sugar iam over there I had
to look look there physically right
there oh he's going
I mean it's a warm-up right look yeah he
just sold for a while and it's just all
right yeah at this place Bob it's mr.
challenged timer I don't know are you
mister yet are you mysterious and my
part of it
wait right here buddy just wait right
there and think about what you've done
you go over there and get that helmet
for me let's go he's gonna rollerskate
the mystery challenge gonna rock my
world and alright well Brian I was going
to make you do you know they like a one
wheel one truck manual on each foot but
uh it broke so you can't do a three
shovel then tarisha yeah sure I don't
know what showed up awful oh don't
please don't break the skateboard it
should be enough right now oh oh alright
you did the right here one now just do a
pretty show try this board have your
open around no just make it happen
are you are you taking back your words
now
not really immediate cleanup that wasn't
responsible don't know it's almost there
okay he's got least stand there for a
second I would kind of download for him
what no wouldn't have dude back away for
a little bit
that's it see remember when you said
that he was like you know and then you
did it Brian you have ten minutes to
make your own skate park okay the first
thing I got a rail for you heroes made
out of cardboard ready if you have a
cell phone convenient timer put it right
here oh I see what you're doing
yeah that's a good idea you're making
you're making your own part now I'm
aware yeah I would wax the crap out of
it's probably pretty my Holly about this
very sturdy for her cardboard it thick
get your act compact upon your own setup
for ten minutes and if there's any like
big stopping it takes a long time to
reset something up or we start talking
too much in politics okay
Brian as soon as you start rolling it's
fair game really did I would go way
faster than that he was done oh yeah I
walked in here Nikko
it was like the coolest-looking
boardslide brian has never done now that
I think about it it positive it might be
the only voice that I've ever seen him
do a lot of the movement all right and
what's not where every time 903 oh wow
you did that way to hit object with that
difficult yes the secret to his success
was he put a bat in it that works but
you made it and that's that's fair
because you made I mean it in your heart
not my heart my hands I belong to you
affection for quite a long time I'm not
scared one that's just chilly really in
their hands per game oh wait I got it as
a gift for him and it's right here how
was your how's your lunch
I don't any how's it taste I don't know
well you eat them okay like aluminum
reveal it could be terrible you're going
to die remember the first board slide is
pretty much the same thing cured you
should grind off this let me just like
put it sideways
Kalyanam 5050 your way from victory
makers now that's not a good straight do
a good trick you're right please looks
like this your book is not going to get
all the way over there
it's super strong no it's not okay no
it's not you cannot do that it's just
stay on this side or we find
helmet sir if you submit their good not
you better lock it ticking right the
clock is ticking good
I'm not giving we're sure this is an
entrance to Narnia in there that's going
to move your foot a little thing oh that
that's what's cool about is that it's
got a little knobby thing on it I think
you just well you know when you make
your own skate park
you should make it better yeah man that
was good I didn't get the best angle of
it but there is no great angle of this
I'm not doing it again I'm positive I
have an idea all right I made him do
four things Monroe you've done like 18
minutes at least no a minute I'm going
to do something relatively honorable
definite last one all right well we need
a pal jacket honor
what a pal Jack oh great yeah I like it
I just held our pallet jack we don't we
don't have it anymore
yeah
Oh help me
where you're doing wait for it is the
thing this is supposed to be happening
hey I figured what I'm going to lay my
face on off so I'm getting it all the
way so that's what you thought would
prevent prevent this we're swinging yeah
yeah buddy okay sure yeah whatever I
don't think I'm going to do first I want
to do 50/50 buddy but all right there's
real a terrifying time indeed looks like
many that would be terrific
they'll be honorable late like Ali like
lip from there just be good wouldn't it
yeah that'd be insane you but sham that
button oh what a surprise it's not
working he's making his own skateboard
he's gotta get creative and Wow
that is terrifying okay I'll just shot
up that's what you meant by smacking in
the face oh just hold it I trust your
hands better than that friend time board
Oh certainly
three minutes 40 seconds just to
lipslide people just calm down calm down
here calm definitely calm down
no or clean it up in one try
he created up the one time there you go
you get a surprise for my office that'd
be terrible I have no idea what smile
I'm super glad I on the drink something
this one every time is like lost
everything of a hot question things are
my makeup oh wait you want to drink some
like veggie juice with hot sauce and
maybe a little bit of coffee in it I
couldn't do that if I wanted to
that'd be insane you should whatever
whatever I don't like the look of those
things how do I remember whatever
episode it was watching it was great
prize time alright Brian I found some
stuff yeah I got you a red button oh
dude yeah I wish you get a quick charge
I like know your cell phone his banker
see and then you get a solar panel do
you don't have any either of these items
you have that core pin I don't have a
solar panel yet but I will use this home
for his backpack you may be right he
just test it out but anger thank you
think of us up I put no thought into any
this I didn't know I was giving this to
you until I am incredibly high person so
I don't have either these things
reminder well hi or not his YouTube
channel do a pop up right here in a
second it do a lot of hot taste test up
I do it's enjoyable and I should watch
it if you want to see any of the people
that are in all of our videos in misery
right there
a week from when you're seeing this
we're going to be doing the the tone
Satan challenge that's going terrible
into that one alright guys want to see
more from me just click the subscribe
button down below its free your sign to
see more videos and this is the Triforce
heart that you're on Brian's wall well
that's it
okay bye thoughts I think yourself a
gauge Oh Dave gave so much cooler Oh
gage was a lot cooler when he was like
posting places yeah dude Instagram and
thanking me of course he puts nothing
just like he has no Instagram engagement
at all have you not making in
serum go ask your loss and I'll post a
picture do it right now and then anyways
like engagement
yeah and then everyone else that's
watching this they can do it - it's at
clean and dismissed yeah just tell them
to vote Smith no it's not Smith yes
whatever whatever says in the stream I
said what am i telling him I wish that
he was posting like he hasn't posted in
like two days he's been posting all the
time I still have another post within
like 12 days we might just drop them
from three but Braddock that's like in
anybody that's a fair thing yeah
you
