what's up guys so I'm I'm finally doing
it I'm doing another day in the life
this is a day in the life for and I'm
gonna make this one kind of like an
average daily life not that average
things are going to happen but I'm gonna
try to show you guys what it's like
living a normal day in my life so uh
yeah first thing is first when I wake up
I usually wake up about 11 o'clock
because I'm up working until like 3:00
or 4:00 in the morning I get lunch or
breakfast what everyone call it I eat a
sandwich I don't really call that
breakfast so let's go get some lunch
boom oh my gosh I love you guys can read
this bar but right here it says it's 99
it just said it was 100 now now it wants
to make me less less impressive because
it's hot that's I'm trying to say oh and
PS I'm picking up guns because you know
I can use a filmer on this aka Tyler aka
this dude lunchtime
finally New York New York cafe if you
get a chance to eat here eat here
alright so this is totally my morning
ritual I get food bring it here and
watch an episode of a TV show right now
I've been watching 30 rock and I'm
almost the end of the last season that
they've done so I don't know what I'm
gonna do but right now I'm gonna eat you
guys are not gonna watch get that guy to
here for a second lunch was good it was
delicious and after lunch I usually sit
down on my computer here and get my like
I guess you can call paperwork type
stuff out of the way I pay bills I you
know do stuff to get revenge going as a
company
I'll answer emails send emails I need to
but today I get to argue with some
people about my hospital bills that's
exciting stuff right so I'm gonna do
that and then I'm gonna get the heck out
of here and do something with my day but
this cop is about to annihilate me yeah
she was it was unlikely three different
lanes all once
all right so we drove 25 minutes to get
here and I get out in 200 degrees
outside and I look down and I see bright
red shoes those are not my skate shoes
so don't expect me to land anything I'm
not I'll probably build ollie I'm just
kidding you guys I'll be able to ollie
but still I'm not what's not popping all
right others people who don't like
skateboarders and like they think we're
up to no good and all stuff it's because
of people that push over vending
machines at skate parks which is kind of
impressive honestly like I mean not
touch to support this but like I mean
how can you say that you've ever pushed
over a vending machine
the what it feels I got here is like 120
we gotta we gotta go dude
yeah go I'm about to pass out how long I
can walk oh my gosh it is so hot out I'm
pretty sure if we would've woken up and
watch The Morning News they'd be like
there's a heat advisory you will die if
you go outside it's not - I didn't get
past my warmup tricks it was too hot to
do anything I was filming and I was
sweating more than I've ever sweat my
life he was sweating nonnamous he was
swimming he was sweating while he was
filling I'm swimming in my sweat alright
so we're gonna go to the pool that's
like we have to there's no choice we did
go to the cameras on yeah
did you write it man you didn't even
know I had the camera Oh God
Thank You Karl oh yeah all right I'm
back at the house guys swimming was a
lot of fun it was exactly what I needed
but it is uh it's six o'clock right now
and it started raining so it's like all
hot and rainy outside is gross so I'm
just going to begin my nightly work uh
tonight I have to upload footage of we
aren't revenge 16 I have to edit a video
to get ready to go out tomorrow and I
have to load and edit a play I filmed I
do freelance videography and a play
house hired me to film a video and put
it on a DVD form so that's what I got
going on I'm gonna get started on that
and Tyler definitely left cookies in my
car and I'm gonna eat one of these I
don't know who it's like 100-plus
degrees outside he's eating cookies I
mean like obviously didn't eat them but
why would you even buy those let's get
this going
YouTube what's up guys so yeah I was an
escape but uh yeah I'm taking a break to
go get some dinner I am going to have a
home-cooked meal at my girlfriend's
parents house and I'm very excited for
it I'm very excited for it I'm very
excited for it when I get really psyched
I just sing things three times ish you
know maybe one and a half two times
because I kind of said it just spoke at
the first I'm about to not hit you car
but uh stop filming how about I stop the
whoo cameras falling all right
stop all of the above boom this is going
to be delicious
all right so yeah dinner was delicious
and I just edited my life away
but it's 1:00 a.m. and sometimes
occasionally I come to this parking lot
in the middle of night to practice flip
tricks sass i'ma do I'm just gonna
plexus I'm just gonna practice I'm just
gonna practice some flip tricks and you
guys going to watch or are you going to
stop the video one of the two
alright guys and I come out here I start
doing flute tricks and I run out of tape
so that's it I'm done I'm gonna go home
I'm gonna take a shower I'm gonna play
Legend of Zelda I'm gonna go to bed
let's try or you know what it's up to
you dude everyone there guys
hey what's up guys so if you have
watched my other day in the life's you
were probably watching this one be like
man this is really different than the
other ones
and I don't know maybe I'm crazy maybe
it wasn't very different but usually I
do things that are more exciting and I
have a little more ridiculousness going
on but I had a few requests for this
video like just an average day in my
life and I decided to go with that on
this one so I'm sorry if it was a little
boring I'll be back to my uh my old
formula the next time I do one which may
not be too too long because my life is
about to change completely and I've got
a lot of news drop on you guys but I
might do another day in the life by the
end of the summer so watch out for it
and I'm not going to leave you guys
empty-handed here is a random clip from
that session from the day my life
goodbye you didn't leave goodbye oh my
gosh fine I'll go what
what is a dude
