YouTube what is up guys so yeah alright
I was at the skate park the other day
and I started trying that trick and I
thought it was gonna be one of those
things where just landed and continuing
with my session because that's what that
trick normally is for me but no I
decided to stick and fly on my face a
thousand times and sucked but
fortunately it made for a good video
right I mean who doesn't want to see me
fall on my face I mean I certainly do
but I'm actually thinking about going to
that back to that ledge and filming a
ten tricks for a taco for Metro's
channel and if you do not know what ten
tricks for a taco is or Metro you need
to go down there and click link and
check it out because you're missing out
but if you if you support me going back
that ledge and doing the ten trees for
attacker while you give this video a
thumbs up you know down below on the
internet site wherever you are and I
might just go and do it in fact I think
even if you guys don't thumbs it up I'm
probably will go do it or at least I'm
gonna try to because that ground is
awful but I'm gonna go we got some more
skate videos skits and you know all the
good stuff coming after you real soon
and that's it subscribe or die before
you get to see a cute dog with
sunglasses boom that's right that is
adorable
goodbye
