I
alright
nobody's been here
I actually actually fell on my I was
trying to land a kickflip I actually
fell so
hook
oh my gosh yeah
youtube what's up guys so you probably
look at my face right now and thinking
why is Andy so mad well you know what
you're wrong because i'm not mad i'm
very happy I'm just making this facial
expression for the heck of it which
brings me to a very good moral lesson
don't judge a face book by its
expression that wasn't right anyway what
is up guys what you just saw in this
video were the clips that weren't good
enough to make the final cut of
following skateboarder three and it's
pretty obvious why didn't make the final
cut they just weren't as good as the
other ones we filmed but I hope you guys
liked it you know a little extra phone
escape work in or anyone as far as
public pranks from you I really want to
do cakes to face too soon and I got some
new ideas I want to do that's just
lately I just haven't had a lot of help
my friends are busy and they just I
don't know it's just it's just hard to
get time and people to go out and do
some of these things so hopefully I'll
get a few more this summer I will do it
as soon as I can as soon as I have the
time and help I will go and get them
done so stay tuned guys in the meantime
I'll just keep doing whatever I put up
online you're gonna even just one day
get on YouTube and your be like Oh Andy
has a new video that's what he uploaded
and that's what I do but I want to go
guys I have been rambling and I don't
even have anything more say so on that
note subscribe or die all 911 that's
right except don't da no one listens
emergency does that say does
anyway what is up guys I didn't like
that anyway let's just do it again well
then then there and did I did actually
cut what am I bugs bunny holy crap with
a dip yep yep there I was kind of mad
all right anyway what is up guys uh yeah
the what the shootie shoot shoot shoot
as far as public pranks in the future I
really want to do some more like as soon
as I can but I want to start over
because this whole take was just dumb
put that in your Easter basket handy
because it just sucked you're not good
at talking right now
you
