this is the victory flag because he is
victorious hit that dude yeah right
people sitting on YouTube what is up
guys okay guys wait hold on i would like
to pause this video for a second and say
I just said people sitting on YouTube
and that might make sense a little bit
but I have no idea why I said it and now
you guys continue watching the video
boom so yeah that is some unreleased
clips of max Mayberry and he actually
called me up the other day and he was
like Andy I did an interview for my
clothing sponsor and I want you guys I
want you and II to tell the people on
YouTube to go read it so I was like you
know what max I'm gonna do better I'm
gonna show them some clips they haven't
seen and then tell him to go check out
the interview so right now because the
videos about to end here in a little bit
you should go down and click the link
it'll be zips ooh apparel com actually
i'll get i'll link it straight to the
interview so you don't have to search
for it but go read the interview and
definitely check out the clothing
company it's they're doing really well
they're getting fairly big and Max
represents them they got some pretty
cool designs so check them out and if
you want to support you know max in this
company why don't you just buy a shirt
or like 10 maybe 12 I don't care but
check them out guys and read the
interview and enjoy um I'm gonna go
though this is a very short video know
you guys are gonna be like what I
thought you're going to talk to former
ms and say a bunch of stuff that I don't
really care about but no I'm not going
to do it I'm gonna end the video so on
that note hat is thrown goodbye
Oh to his super than that this is why I
should plan out this is wash your brain
sorry dramatic can you without a good
ending we're shy even those are really
weird and I like the leg thing I'm not
do it again my narrow ones like he's
wearing blue shorts that's kind of weird
and that is weird I know people don't
know where blue shirts shorts that's
like an embarrassing fact about me like
yeah if I'm ever like a famous celebrity
I'm gonna be unlike the cover of People
magazine like auntie shrew up wears blue
shorts is he losing it it's gonna happen
you
