oh hey what's up guys here I got
something fun to show you if I can scoot
my chair all the way over here yeah I
sign on to my facebook all right earlier
today on my cell phone and look at this
glitch one of you guys can see that but
it definitely says I have 4,000 new
friend requests and that got me thinking
like why do they even have that K aunt
like on the friend request a little
notification computer database whatever
they got going there like this does
anyone actually sign in their Facebook
like oh I have over a thousand new
friend requests because that's normal
right
but what's up guys I'm actually making
this video for a specific reason but I'm
not going to get to that reason until
more towards the end of the video right
now I got a couple things I just wanted
to tell you guys so I'm gonna start
telling you these things first thing is
thank you
my last my falling skateboarder 3 video
that I released last week well you guys
rated it up enough times that it reached
number one top rated sports video on all
of YouTube the day it came out here's a
picture of this and yeah see I got me
with the bloody face and then right down
here it says number one top rated sports
video today but guys that means a lot
thank you so much that's that's just one
of those things it's kind of hard to do
on YouTube I guess I mean I don't know
it hasn't happened to me really happened
one other time but with this video like
I kind of like the phony skateboarders I
feel good when I release them and to see
that happen to that video I was really
psyched thank you guys you guys Rock
number 2 on the list of things to tell
you guys is you might remember a couple
update videos ago I was talking about
being in the movie The Avengers you know
we're like Iron Man The Hulk Captain
America all come together to shred like
at life and do awesome things well yeah
I'm trying I would love to be in that
movie and I was talking about it well it
just so happens that this week I'm going
to an open casting call for an extra in
the movie and if I get a callback on and
I get the part I'm gonna be immensely
excited I'm gonna run to the computer
that would be like guys I'm gonna be in
the Avengers and then I'm gonna pretty
much have nothing else to say after that
the sixth thing I have to tell you guys
on my list is actually a pretty cool one
I know I told you guys that at the
beginning of July I would have shirts
ready to sell but it's been a little
longer process than I imagined I'm sorry
but the good news is that the
order is in my good friends over an epic
printing they are going to be churning
them out and when they show up my
doorstep I will run the computer and
I'll do what I have to do to get them
online I'm also working on some deck
graphics right now and within the next
week hopefully I'll start talking to the
would press company and you know get the
board order in it's pretty it's pretty
exciting stuff stressful stressful and
confusing sometimes but exciting I'm
really really happy with the direction
revenge is going right now so stay tuned
for some more information on all that
stuff I just talked about finally the
reason I'm doing this video it's been a
long time but I'm going to do another
survey video and if if you guys know
what that is then you've been watching
my videos for quite a while because
those go back like a year and a half ago
so basically I get asked a lot of
questions especially nowadays I just
can't answer most of them it I got so
many comments and messages I just can't
do it and it it sucks like I really
really want to be able to talk to all
you guys and you know communicate but I
just can't do it so I'm gonna do a
survey video you guys are gonna go down
there and ask any question you want but
keep in mind that if you ask a question
that I've answered in the last you know
the other two server videos I'm not
going to answer in this one so make sure
you click the links at the end of this
and go watch the last ones I'll actually
put some info like some basic info on
like skate stuff cuz I get a lot of
skateboarding questions go down there
and you know it don't ask a question
that the answer is already down there
because I'm gonna put a lot of info but
yeah so it's it's just a cool way to you
know answer some of the questions that
are on your guy's mind and go down there
and get creative you know does not have
to be skateboarding oriented at all
because you know I think some people
just think of me as like a red shirt
with a skateboard on my head
but no I try to do like you know all
sorts of things on this channel so ask
me whatever and I'll pick a good like
you know hopefully like 15 20 questions
and I will answer them and it'll be a
lot of fun so uh that's not the pretty
cheese right there it'll be a lot of fun
guys would be like Saturday morning
cartoons but rock on yeah that's what
I'm doing this video because I've got
some requests for it over the you know
the last few months and I'm finally
gonna do it another survey video go down
there guys and ask
me some questions and I know I just said
ask really freaking weird but I'm just
gonna keep going because I want to be
done with this video tomorrow I have
some new max Mayberry footage coming out
just a few clips so don't get too
excited and then I don't know I have
some throw away following skateboarder
clips that I didn't use that you'll see
the later this week and then I have no
idea whatever this weird brain comes up
with you will see but I've been babbling
on for way too long now and I'm gonna go
it's been good
thank you guys for everything and just
thank you guys just that's it I'm just
gonna I'm just gonna end this note on a
thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you
sometimes things on the internet mess up
and this is definitely one of those
times can I talk right now can I talk
right now no because I'm singing right
now
then shut up that was so stupid oh boy
that was actually I think I might have
been too stupid for me to even use so if
you're watching this right now that last
statement was wrong
force video so honestly that what the
heck I was doing so smoothly talking so
smoothly talking and then you gotta just
stumble over one stupid word I don't
even know if my hands are against me or
me I'm against me I don't even know
what's happening right now this start
over a couple updates video updates gosh
you know some people have anger issues I
have I have like mental health issues I
think because that's no I'm not gonna
I'm not even talking about it
you
