you
Oh
Oh
you
youtube watchers what is up guys so if
you're subscribe to the same channels i
am here on youtube you might have seen
this video already but here's the story
behind it Joel from metro he came to me
and he was like auntie and he actually
sounded like this on the phone this was
how was moist was he was like Andy you
have to upload my video on your channel
to help spread the word and i was like
no dude I can't be doing that I can't be
just you know I got my own things were
about on my channel I can't be uploading
anyone's video on my channel and he
asked again he was like auntie you have
to upload my video on your channel tales
spread the word and I was like oh dude
okay you know since you asked twice I
will do that but on one condition I must
be able to display my excellent nunchuck
skills right there in the video and he
actually said no to that but I am going
to do it anyway
you
I actually don't know how to use
nunchucks that's right edge through
I'm fixing my globe all this am I Jedi
right now I think I am it's floating
how's it doing that what is recording
there's like Andy please put this video
of from of of me of your chit except
yeah can I he can actually speak English
let's just keep going youtubers what
that was obnoxious but I don't want it I
want to help you out this Bob Wahlberg
want to go up on your channel on my
channel whatever they know it's my
channel is one trying to say let's just
say the words correctly let's start
again and say the words correctly okay
2223 okay oh it's getting hot in this
stupid little whatever this is you know
my mom actually made fun of me when I
wore this much I she's like that really
doesn't complement your figure scarred
for freaking life I tell you this is
this is a risky business wearing this
again you watch out what your mom says
to you about your clothes it hurts or it
can feel good if she says something nice
I'm gonna stop talking
