what's up guys my name is Andy schrock
and for the last 13 years of my life
I've been wearing red shirts every
single day and that is kind of weird
but even if I have to wear a different
color shirt for like work or getting
dressed up or something I always have a
red shirt on underneath as a first
article of clothing and at this point in
my life I think I might have the world
record for this by now
so Guinness where the heck are you guys
butts all you out there wondering why
the heck this weirdo does this well I
have a specific reason for why I wear
red shirts every day and I get asked
every single day several times why I do
it and I don't tell anyone so I'm not
gonna tell you sorry about your luck
guys but on that note here is a kitten
here's Darth Maul here's the outro
so does this well III smile oh yeah I
was about watch I actually tried to say
something right there and I just kept
going with that that wasn't all right
whatever and for all you out there
saying why the heck this is weirdo do
this this should explain it I can answer
you and on that note that was kind of
mean that sounded mean that was I just
mean to the cameras people that watching
the viewers gosh why don't you call you
guys cameras should I do this to the
chair should I have done it before when
the camera wasn't on and now I'm singing
like am in a country song but I'm not
I'm in my room with a chair and a shirt
it's not fair that and that is the
ridiculousness that I do when I by
myself guys but in all honesty I think I
might have the world record for this
guy's like red shirts worn consecutively
in days in a row or whatever I don't
know how to speak but if you if you
think I might have this won't you give
me a thumbs up and then maybe mr.
Guinness is a great grandson or
whoever's around the company now might
be like you know what I'm gonna give
this dude I'm gonna give this to the
world record of Guinness nizami to stop
I'm gonna stop talking
