yeah
what we called the DTA angle
what the heck just happened
oh my god
oh my good okay are you all right yes
actually I am okay I am wonderful dude I
promise you guys what's up YouTube what
who the heck was that
that was weird I got like random people
enter my videos but alright
but what's up YouTube that was the phone
skateboarder 3 and it's about time right
it's been about eight years since I did
the last one when I did the second one I
knew I was going to do one more I was
going to make it a trilogy and then just
stop but I don't know there were some
ideas that we didn't really get to try
for this one and some buddies were just
hard to pull off like the blood so if
you guys want to see me continue the
following skateboarder series go to
there and give this video a thumbs up
because I do have some more ideas and
some some growth for it so definitely
you know let me know but I got to show
you this still frame you know the last
one I did I showed you a ridiculous
still frame well here is one just as
dumb
yeah you see I'm like kicking myself in
the back of the head there I had no idea
I was that flexible but rock on I got to
get I gotta get out of this video guys
it's it's about four o'clock in the
morning and I still have work to do
before I go to bed it's like I'm that
I'm like that Daft Punk song my work is
never over and you know there's a few
people out there like wait don't you
mean Kanye West you don't want to be one
of those people I mean Daft Punk okay so
on that note subscribe ty oh my gosh are
you done yet
are you kidding me
like straight up every time I do these
just no pop nobody what up say how do
you do what's up - sauce out of
Cincinnati Ohio holding it down host
skateboarder three downtown five one
three represent why did you catch it
yeah I got the head high every shirt
generally
you
