so I got this toy snake online and when
it moves it really wants a snake
see what I mean so I'm going to hide it
inside this pantry and when Ryden comes
to get something out of it I'm going to
scare it could be awesome
hey buddy we don't get Tosun treat over
here I got did I get you all right for
one you did not see it coming did you
yeah did it scare you yeah does it scare
you toast you're just happy question the
things on I see okay I love you are you
going to bed yes you are does bed go to
bed you're - okay well don't you don't
scare you why yeah I get you thank you
attack me boy
hey I put hide right there I come
downstairs and wait on the couch for me
okay ah why wouldn't you wait right here
I set all that up for nothing because
you tried to sit on the pillows I was
under I love you you're that suspicious
this was ingenious I don't care what her
and my dad get really so well you
couldn't see me though could you itself
is really Kira is it my suitcase huge
all right I'm gonna dip you up man we're
gonna send you to Zimbabwe okay all
right bragging never lets me one zip you
up in a suitcase out kidding what Paris
no get out I ain't ridin Anthony I like
to pee on a pancake you della daddy
buddy
yes are you ready for this one yeah I
ain't right with anything people call me
poop you town you know when you sing it
dogs they look at you as if they deeply
understand you we should do this for me
oh yeah this photograph he understands
that why would I think that's almost
impossible an anaconda go yeah do it on
a pine washer so hi I am here for my
guardians of the galaxy audition tape
I've got myself ready by taking myself
in the face with the most purple cake in
the world our Lord
what give me back that precious artifact
star Lord Allah your star Lord
now even the horizon why would I do this
is what we do on turbo toy time Wow
I get caked in the face I look great in
purple dog on say
d'arnot I was I was gonna get you I saw
you down oh my god your bed what are you
going to bed
yeah and you I'm just walk for a hundred
and eighty and then sleep the whole day
tomorrow
and then we'll kind in and then go to
three oh okay I got you pretty good that
didn't I think sometimes he gets me and
sometimes I get them just like that with
the snake that was a lot of fun making
these uh scare videos and the randomness
I guess there's a lot of clips in there
but yeah I do videos to your old time so
if you guys want to see more here's the
subscribe button is right down below you
just click it and you sign up and see
more videos from me and this guy's in a
lot of my videos uh-huh
and we have a lot of fun doing it hey
don't we are you gonna keep getting
scared yeah I'm gonna cry you gonna cry
and hate it don't cry that's the goal in
life and against the devil don't hear
anything but yeah he sometimes tries to
scare me so hopefully he gets some good
ones let me hear toast for there is
toast
do you get scared I should get we should
get the snake out we should do this may
scare out him a shed right yeah in
Moloch gone but you guys have a great
day I do videos here all the time like I
said so I will see you guys tomorrow
and writing you guys anything you want
say YouTube um you have that's it cool
thankful that my face
good bye
Wow we didn't even see that do it no no
come over here now throw it he's not
that excited to go get it is he yeah
you
