what's up YouTube do you guys remember
those anti drug commercials back in the
day they were like this is your brain
and this is your brain on drugs well I
have no idea what they were talking
about because that was a freaking egg
looks nothing like your brain talk about
some dummies and I'm gonna be honest
with you guys I totally did that intro
just so I had an excuse to karate chop
an egg which turns out is not a pleasant
experience at all take it from me I
promise vacuum cleaner all right but
yeah I was sitting here in my room just
trying to decide whether I should make
this video or not and I finally I was
like all right whatever just make it I'm
sure someone out there is gonna care
about we're talking about and if you
guys don't care what I'm talking about
there will always be more videos that
you might just care about but I got a
bummer story to tell you guys okay uh
there's there was a neighborhood cats
like a random cat that belonged to
nobody i guess i don't know but it was
it was pregnant and it was you know
walking around the neighborhood being
all cute and pregnant everywhere and
then it was like you know what I'm have
some babies and it had the babies right
outside my place which was all great you
know like who doesn't like to walk
outside and like Oh kittens that's cute
and adorable um well one of these
kittens and we ended up getting attached
to my girlfriend and I we were like oh
my gosh this cat is adorable like
everyone that met this cat like loved it
and her name was potato and here is a
picture of her right here yeah she is
adorable well um we you know we plan on
giving the kittens away like finding a
home for him but potato somebody was
gonna take potato weather was one of my
friends are like a family member you
know potato had been claimed like we
were like potatoes we're down with
potato don't even don't even take her
well the neighbors my next-door
neighbors who like were like kinda
involved in all this they thought that
we were just giving them all way and one
day to like teenage girls are like you
know like late teens early 20s girls
just like spot of the cats and the
neighbor saw them and they're like hey
you know they're giving the cat's away
so won't you just take them without
saying anything to us and they gave
potato away I was not happy about this
at all and and it just sucked cuz like I
went and talked to like a bunch of
people the neighborhood like the
neighbors who gave the cat away didn't
get a name or a number like who just
gives a cat away like I could be like a
crazy girl that
kittens for breakfast or something I
have no idea like they don't know but
they didn't get any name there's nothing
and like I did my best but I just could
not I just potatoes go on and it just
bums me out and I had to tell you guys
but I did film potato while she was here
I got some really adorable footage of
her yawning cue the cute kitten yawn
holy crap a confidant a potato I've
heard and got that on tape sorry about
the bummer story but if any of you guys
in Cincinnati see a girl that just got a
kitten that looks something like that
you better tell her hey that's any
tracks cat you better give it back or
freakin else so all right I know I have
been saying since the dawn of time in
all of my videos that my life is chaotic
but I really do mean it this time these
last two months have been really really
crazy get him get away from me Mouse um
like last month I went to Philadelphia
that I was in the hospital then I was
recovering that I had a little bit of
time and then I was off to Myrtle Beach
on vacation just last week so it's like
my life has been boom boom boom boom
boom and when I got back from myrtle
beach recently i was like oh my gosh i'm
like overwhelmed because i have so much
work i need to get caught up on and um
but that's the main reason why I did
this video today i was like i just need
I feel like I just need to tell them
this like all right this is what's about
to happen in my life but yeah I'm this
next this next couple months I'm really
going to be concentrating on revenge and
my youtube channel I've got some really
really good videos up ahead it's I think
I didn't get to film falling
skateboarder three in Myrtle Beach but I
have to ask ask Alex I want to film it
this sunday or monday if you know if we
have some dry days i'm going to go out
and film falling skateboarder three if i
do film it this weekend it will be up
within the next week and a half so look
out for that i'm going to force myself
to do another TR show I've got a skate
videos coming of course we didn't get to
skate on go skateboarding day because it
rained like it was like insane storms
like you couldn't even drive almost at
the time when the storms were happening
it was nuts so we got rained out of
course because that's what Cincinnati
does this year but the guys and I are
going to try to go out tomorrow to film
some skateboarding so either way you'll
see some new skating this weekend and um
yeah I'm going to be working really hard
guys in the revenge world I know I
always say the same old stuff but I am
trying to get the shirts made I haven't
found someone to actually make them so
it might be a little later in the month
of july but i am working on it as soon
as i get them i will cap them online and
able to sell and the good news is that i
am 90% sure that we're going to have
decks by august so
somewhere in July hopefully we get the
decks up in the works and we're gonna be
selling revenge decks it will be a legit
company and all that and you guys can
support us we will appreciate that full
heartedly but i want to show you that
when i was in myrtle beach i totally got
two things okay i bought two things I'm
on vacation and first one our training
nunchucks I am going to be the next
Michelangelo and you have no idea okay
the other thing was the brightest
flashlight in the world I can't even
like pointed at you because you'd
probably break my camera may this this
flashlight you like point of the people
and you can see their liver and like
their kidneys and they're like face it's
nuts like with these two things I
probably could not lose any battle with
all the battles I get into right oh and
by the end of the summer I think you're
gonna see at least two contests possibly
more be on the lookout for those other
than that I think that sums up
everything that I actually did not
really need to tell you I'm actually
going to start trying to stay away from
doing update videos more than once a
month if I have something I actually
like I really need to tell you I of
course tell you guys I'll do a video on
it but um I want to just focus more on
you know my normal content like what i
usually do skits skateboarding whatever
goofy stuff I have learnt that I think
I'm done here I did a blog post on my
blog there are a bunch of pictures and
videos from my vacation and you'll
probably see some pretty cool stuff like
this me giving my girlfriend to San
skateboard 5015 a sand rail you can't
really beat that right so go check out
the pics and videos from vacation if you
want their the URLs down below for my
blog other than that I am done and I
will see you guys this weekend in a
normal video subscribe or
I'm gonna eat your head
i crack this open there's like a bird
inside I'm gonna be really angry with my
grocer my personal grocer why did I just
say that who says the grocer a witch was
not that explicit explicit what's my
sick of their date I did it up what
happens my mind's in my mouth just
create sams and throw it out sometimes
she's a peets well I didn't remember
what I said anymore what's that what's
that note or I guess I've already
started video but I'm gonna shut up quit
talking quit talk to me and then shut up
nice sense brain and this is your brain
on drugs that I really thought that we
could break right there at your brain on
drugs this is all really this is like a
stone egg I swear brain on drugs I want
to break my hand doing this cosh who is
playing a prank on me this is just an
egg is your brain on drugs
I did this is not a good idea and you
guys thinking about freakin karate
chopping and egg in your videos don't do
it actually do do it in film it and then
put it on YouTube because people will
like it goodbye good goodbye
