let's just keep it going oh you landed
it though I can do it again oh oh dude
that was good I had shades on so it made
it better to like from my point of view
so good
fine I'll do it dude I'll do it Andy
what are you doing man there's no way
the episodes over everything the net it
yet good it is pretty funny to see that
about I just keep I'm ready for it but
I'm not all right Andy yeah Andy what
are you doing man okay don't take three
hours dancing ah I was gonna do
volunteer again oh yeah a little bit
every day alrighty ready for this get
the Ender okay I say that even if you
don't land it that is clearly the ender
you just kick flip into the splits down
a bank
15 feet away hey all right we got kicked
out by the first people you saw in there
like all right you can skate here except
don't do any rails we're like okay so we
start walking away and then two
different bike cops roll up there like
what do you do and then we're like a
when they said we can skate here we just
can't skate rails they're like all right
but don't get any stairs or ledges and
then they were like what's up with your
mustache dude no they work they should
have but either way by the time we
actually leave this campus we're gonna
be able to only like think I'm lay them
down where we're staying what's your
keys huh all there on the ledge dude
yeah okay good you better like
rollerblade there because around a lot
to do anything else
you
