okay what's up guys i am here in Myrtle
Beach on vacation and I totally have a
bunch of ducks that are obsessed me
right now cuz i have bread and i'm gonna
film it look at this little guy hey you
doing buddy how you doing here daddy I
know you're like really popular babe and
it's scary because they all come at you
like zombies eating guys want to Wow my
god come on oh I just oh my gosh do not
be there do not be there poor lil dude I
gotta feed you oh my gosh that was so
scary yeah I like sat on him almost do
you do do do sorry I was really scared
at first cuz they all walked up like I
know dude you deserve something you
being so patient over here you want it
you want it you want it you're freaking
wanted there you go this is the longest
video of keep feeding geese on YouTube
ever I'll get that little duck yeah I'm
just so glad you got one here gonna be
like on YouTube like man you are done
when you feed ducks man aren't you
little guys hanging out with some
frickin geese and ducks how you doing
little babies there you go wish I knew
which one i sat on I said yeah I got one
piece left who wants it all Mallard he
totally wants it excuse me you freaking
duck or goose everybody come here
totally got it all right and I'm not
sure why you guys just watch the whole
video but I hope you guys were
entertained I'm just kidding I'm I would
watch a video about ducks and geese
being fed but I will see you in the next
time goodbye buh
