what's up guys it's alex has no idea but
we're celebrating a birthday right now
Alex we are skating for your birthday
right haven't seen you in forever
I don't even see me but you're talking
yet you're talking to YouTube right now
nah what's up it's your birthday session
right now all this yeah this place
really yeah that's how much we care
about you hey what's up what's going on
man
so let's skate all right you got a trick
what are you do right now me get my
board I need to drop it and do it on the
bank Oh somebody get back oh you sucked
at your first trick this is gonna go
downhill isn't it yep what it what is
that even called the cemetery I'm just
kidding that's the shell grab oh wait no
that wasn't that's what that's called
that is what that's called and while
we're walking here having a stroll
talking this is Ray Jones YouTube hi
YouTube this is Ray Jones in the flesh
he's been in some of my videos like
skater smash his head hit her concrete
that's him he would annual he'll flip
out that's him yeah and he's probably
gonna do a heel flip oriented trick
today yep
ray do this heel Frollo king okay good
let's do it
well step to the scale
Hey
we're gonna give Alex a birther presence
right now mid session mid frickin
session you have this Metro deck right
here it's not wrapped because who wants
to wrap a skateboard yeah
and here upon this hold on hold on you
really lick this you really sealed it
why does everyone say not to lick those
you just tuck it in
you ain't mailing it we're giving it to
me dude just wash you just opening oh
 uh-oh oh my god oh dude come on you
don't do this for the family you're
crazy because it's something crazy like
that's not your favorite restaurant yeah
dude calm look I totally gave him a high
school graduation card cuz I am
graduating high school right but it says
happy birthday in there okay happy
birthday to you - happy birthday YouTube
that doesn't make sense they're supposed
to say to you and thanks I YouTube and
Andy and once we're holding a camera
shades on subscribe or live
alright you guys can look
Andy yeah what are you doing man the
episode can't be over haven't been in it
yet what Tosh yeah you talk about I'm in
a bathroom what did you do to your face
oh I shaved it in a mustache really oh
he's good scrappy kid what Felix awesome
wait so it's not so shaky what hot like
philmont's you get HD yeah 1080p really
1080 dude this is so 2011 man hit it for
the future let's go skate
here it is we're here to skate a
handrail anybody got anything have you
ever done this ever skate that's right
go first trick on the rail right here
alright hey that was absolutely the most
mellow kick out ever my cops do cops I
pass okay okay just can't skate on this
old ride look at those what kind of cops
are like hey you can skate here just
don't brown the poles just don't
actually do any good tricks
we're trade you're skating but please
don't have any skill all right so we're
all sitting here on the curb except me
who's standing on the freaking ground
but we don't know where to go right turn
this is like this is like what
skateboarders do is sit down and I know
where to go I think I'm gonna kick you
guys out you guys can't sit here you
guys have any take off
so I think you might actually get the
ender right here do you want the ender
freaking boom dude you just ended it you
know what yeah oh god you know what I'm
gonna wear one shoe
I just want all you guys know that this
mustache is the dumbest thing is ever
having my face ever totally was a joke
now look I'm 40 but I'm not actually 40
later guys
