all right before I start this video I am
going to call you guys out on something
okay I think you guys take this face for
granted I mean I know it's not anything
special to look at all the time but it
could be a lot you know worse it could
look a lot stupider like this yeah so
you see what I'm saying aren't you glad
that last clip wasn't real all right but
yeah I'm doing an update video here and
I've got a few things to go over and
tell you guys first off is that I've
been using my blog more often guys
that's you know when things have my life
like the other day my girlfriend I went
to Kings Island which is an amusement
park and there were some dinosaurs there
okay like legit real dinosaurs so I took
pictures of my girlfriend 9 next some
dinosaurs and I posted a couple of the
pictures on my blog so if you guys want
to like you know say like hey what's
happening in his life you can get my
blog and check it out there's a link
down there and I know I say this every
once in a while but I'm say it again go
check out my blog if you want to and the
next thing on my shy do a segue should I
ride a Segway
alright in the revenge world I'm just
gonna list off all the things I need to
tell you guys cuz we got a few things um
first off the TV show the pilot we're
gonna pitch some networks later this
year we're still doing that it's just on
hold right now while we retool the idea
and rework it because the Philly trip
did not go as planned at all so when we
have news on that we will let you know
but for in the meantime there's nothing
second off a lot of you guys have been
asking about shirts well good news here
is one of them right now you are going
to be able to buy this as of July 1st
not this exact shirt but actually in
fact a lot of you guys when they see
these like why didn't you make it in
this color it's like just because you're
seeing one shirt doesn't mean other
colors don't exist but I do believe that
the only colors available for sale at
first are gonna be white and black
shirts so if you want a different color
shirt you're gonna have to hold out and
wait maybe we'll have some different
colors by the end of the summer but yeah
July 1st that's my goal and if you know
that an online store about an online
store that's really easy to use to sell
your product let me know because I'm
definitely open on ideas for that to
leave me some suggestions in the
comments below and last here's some good
news our full-length like DVD is going
to be out later this year I do believe
and it's not gonna be your typical skate
video I mean you've seen the revenge
videos they're not typical skate videos
to begin with
it's gonna be you know that nature so be
excited for that and we'll have a
trailer hopefully sometime this summer
to get things going
but yeah we got a lot of things going on
and I'm excited for its and I'm gonna
stop I don't know what to say so I'm
just gonna stop and move on to the next
part of video oh all right quick
question guys as most of you guys
probably know if you've been watching my
videos for long enough I am a pretty big
geek dork nerd whatever you want to call
me and I'm really big into superhero
movies especially anything that Marvel
puts out but one of the bigger Marvel
movies The Avengers comes out next year
well I found out that they're gonna be
filming Avengers later this summer in
Cincinnati and in Cleveland and know
Cleveland's Lima to farm drive but right
when I found that out I was like oh my
gosh I have to do whatever it takes to
be an extra in this movie so my idea was
just to bug the everyone involved in the
production not like super annoying but
just email everyone like hey what can I
do to be an extra in this in this movie
like I would love to be in this somehow
and then I can even make a video online
saying like hey Avengers let me be in
the movie and pass that on line and you
know the worst thing that could happen
is that that you know they ignore me and
I don't get in and I made a fool of
myself Internet for two minutes which I
am completely fine making a fool of
myself an Internet because you know as
you guys know that's what I do have the
time so yeah that is my idea I've always
wanted to get into acting so I thought
heck this might be a good way to at
least start the process it's worth a try
and I wanted to pitch the idea to you
guys because you're my dudes and that's
what I do I talk to you guys about
everything so let me know what you think
and you know even if you guys all said
that was a stupid idea I'd probably
still try to do it anyway because I
really want to be in this movie and yeah
that is it next part of the video is
gonna happen now not but I got to start
wrapping this video up guys I'm going on
vacation this weekend I will be in
Myrtle Beach from the 11th through the
19th and when I get back I will
definitely have some footage to show you
hopefully I'll be able to film like
something on my cell phone and upload it
when I'm away but and I might film the
following skateboarder three out there
ever since my my kidney issues I had to
push it back but I'm ready to film it
and if I don't film it there I will film
it when I get back from vacation so
later this month or early July you will
see the next following skateboarder I
promise
and I have a pretty pretty awesome
announcement I guess not a real
announcement but a congratulations a
good friend Nick Mitchell aka Chevy Ford
he is engaged to his girlfriend Emily
and I'm really really happy for them and
I just want to say on the worldwide web
congratulations guys I'm really really
happy for you oh yeah so that's about it
there's some bloopers the end of this
because I'm a ding head and at the end
of this there's a link to one of West's
new videos it's old footage of him
falling and it's really really funny
it's it's it's one of the stupidest
falls on a skateboard memories it's it's
humorous and it's worth watch go check
it out and if you're not subscribed to
him do that other than that I'm gonna go
I gotta check a stupid list make sure
I've talked about everything now I'm
losing my voice for some reason but
whatever this is a good time for the
outro to start happening in the middle
of a sense when I'm talking
better do it but I'm saying you might
not have else just go gosh you're an
idiot in E she just started over this is
the choice you make okay you sit down
this computer and you have a
responsibility
you talk or you don't or you get out all
right it's like you either lead follow
or eat Chipotle gosh don't want to eat
you pull that right now come on
gosh Harry Potter you suck at standing
done with room man how long do you think
I was going my face like that I could
have done forever
- the forever part because I don't want
to do that forever yes am I saying if I
can't say I don't even know if they
understand what their idea is because I
can't freaking talk about my ideas what
the heck did I just say
