what is up guys so here is a video that
needs no introduction the funniest
bloopers on Tosh for that condom wasn't
introduction in itself alright whatever
I'm just gonna go with it here it is
guys and here's a cat here's not a cat
here's cat here's not a cat goodbye
here's a cat like the just how smooth
that runs its really nuts it's it's
awesome let's just say it's five more
times this is an update video doing this
this is one of those videos I'm just
gonna talk and I'm not gonna worry about
redoing it I probably should redo this
and the answer to a few of your question
is snake I'm pretty sure no one asked
the question that that would be a
logical response to but I just felt like
saying the word snake hi Kylie let's
just text Andy let's Facebook in and
let's let him screw up on his own
because he's good at that isn't he
hey do suck at YouTube speaking my point
is proven they might be you asking why
yourself is speaking words gosh here I
give it as niggas are you you know what
that could do to me there is such a
thing as bad you know bad um what's the
word the word any penny any publicity is
good whatever I can't talk even what I'm
not even making sense how did you come
back on I didn't move anything what are
you trying to do here what are you why
do I was talking a third person like
this isn't me this is this well that is
me that's I'm saying that is me that's
not a third you're not I am
ah there's a face that you have not seen
in a little while
hey hey
now what happened I was a glitch did you
guys see that end up shut up you did not
see a thing that was that was stupid
that was but it I'm laughing like I'm
just in here
haven't I'm alive by myself poor bears
having good time to look at me oh look
at that poor bear he's like ah yes
they're gonna eat eat of the computer
mmm okay oh I just did a whole good take
I just did a whole I just did I just
can't talk you're an idiot thing to do
with this book you can still enjoy that
does have something to this book you're
dumb Andy you got just two pink finger
you got two big fingers in all of my
videos running to add more drop and and
most people they're like kick you out
they hate life and they're just like I
just am completely uncensored we're hey
so cool
you feel me cuz that's just in
unintelligible nonsense what I just said
for anyone look at that brunch why is
this brush in the shop falling falling
okay
chaos ensues stupid brush I guess I
should be thankful for that even though
it's not Thanksgiving but I am because
I'm a good dude
that just tried to be a good dude that's
thankful on days that aren't
Thanksgiving it's like I love on days
that aren't Valentine's Day what's with
all these holidays I'm leaving and an
ant ant ant ant ant ant
it's tricks he kept skating did I just
say that trick word wrong what are you
doing here Andy Josh your haircut sucks
to do it just kind of sucks being the
what am I saying right here I don't say
I just do this I just say I just start
talking and I don't know what I'm saying
I can't even think of where you're
looking
I don't even know I don't even know if
there were words to contribute to my
feelings of the processing
oh it looks like some of you guys
decided to stay for the after video
whatever this is but no I have I have a
blooper you guys have never seen before
this is from a video I filmed for my
girlfriend unlike a personal video as
being a good boyfriend I'll say you know
what I'm gonna film a video and play the
guitar and sing for her so she can wake
up to find that in her inbox and I did
that and I ended up well just watch ace
you were showing this to your roommates
good feel good
oh all right Elmo just my some of the
face of it I came to talk myself a spin
faggots are what time is it
