youtube how's it going guys so if you've
been watching my videos for a while
you've probably seen this guy ray Jones
to pop up a few times he's a good friend
of mine and it's no secret that he is a
ninja when it comes to heelflips I mean
he don't get me wrong he can do a lot of
non heelflip oriented tricks but if he
knows trick he can usually heelflip into
it or out of it or in between it it's
insane he is an extremely talented
skateboarder and I wanted to post this
video for a few reasons first off I
haven't really posted some skate footage
in a while and I'm just now getting back
on my board um so I you know I wanted to
put this online and the second reason he
might just be in the next we want
revenge coming up and we might be in the
middle of filming it and it might come
out next week i mean i'm at i can't
really I can't say okay all that was
actually true so watch out for it
because if all goes planned we are
avenged 15 will be out next week ray
Jones will be in it and he has already
filmed a very very good trick for it so
be on the lookout for that I'm excited
you're excited we're all excited here
and I got a text message that's weird
since the video is about to end
shutter haha no I said chop hot do haha
you
