youtubers what's up guys so I am going
to show you hands down one of the
dumbest kick outs of all time and
weirdly enough it gets pretty perverted
they start talking about sexual things
for whatever reason and yeah if you
don't watch that then don't watch this
video but here is the footage boom
what is that did you hide it in you know
water nothing funny is funny yeah I like
keeping he's a lot of place well let me
do this handle fast
I'll go ahead
now did you manage your look well I just
asked him if I could do it because
right so you know like since you don't
like summers got it I don't like it's
not that I don't like skateboarding
skateboard just I think it's fun to kick
people out of place
I can't people out of theatres all the
time I think it's hilarious Oh what do
you kick them out put being stealing do
you like people like ever like try and
have sex in the theater like yeah yeah
buddy to come out I found a dildo before
which is yes push it down it though
would you do it it should give it to
your manager
no give it to one of the other girls I
was working what uh alright that's cool
dude we understand it happens all the
time
yeah no are you kidding me I don't even
know where to start with this clip all
right but first this is an old clip and
I wasn't even there that day these are
my friends in the video but I don't even
know what I would have done if I was
there that day like that guy just blows
my mind I think my favorite part is the
fact that he tells them that they can
skate while kicking them out well I'm
gonna do the federal I'll go ahead
but on the bright side I mean at least
this guy was happy about what he's doing
most people to kick you out or just like
so unhappy about where they are in life
they're taking it out on you they're
like I'm freaking divorced and I hate it
you can't skate here that's why but uh
either way I hope this guy's end up
being a cop because that would not be
good for the world I am however gonna
take a leaf off this dude's tree and I'm
gonna start kicking people out of places
for just fun of it because it looks like
a good time I'm gonna start with you
guys you guys cannot watch this video
anymore you know
sorry no offense oh wait what you want
to keep watching it anyway that's cool
because I'm kicking you out that makes
sense is anyone else confused I am good
bye
I've got to Rhett's they hate life and
they're just like I just am completely
unsatisfied we're how baby what is it my
luck do it hater
whore you feel me guess that's just in
unintelligible nonsense what I just said
you
