YouTube what's up guys so this here is a
face that you have not seen in a little
while unless you watch one of my older
videos recently then that last statement
was a lie but the point I'm trying to
make is that I haven't done a video in
like two weeks and that is weird for me
there's a reason why I've done the video
two weeks and it's pretty serious
and if you want to find out that reason
won't you just watch this video alright
first off don't let the title get you
too carried away because I wasn't
necessarily almost dying but I was I was
very very close to being in a
life-threatening situation so maybe I
was like almost almost dying I don't
know but I'll just tell you the story
you guys can take it for what it is
alright it started in Philadelphia we
were there filming for the the pilot for
the revenge TV show we were gonna pitch
and it was going great the first day but
the second day not so fantastic I was
trying a trick and before I go any
further a story I'm just going to show
you a couple tries of the trick I was
attempting here it is alright so a lot
of you guys are thinking like okay
that's a pretty cool trick but that's
not a big gap what are you trying to
tell us Andy well what you don't know is
that I tried it for two and a half hours
and without a break I just like over and
over again I don't know if you've ever
tried to trick non-stop for two and half
hours but it does not feel too good that
night I got sick I was thrown up all
over the place my like lower back hurt
and over the next like three days I
didn't get any better I couldn't skate I
just felt like garbage my whole body was
just beat up and when I got back to
Cincinnati my I was just still feeling
lousy and I was like this is not right
in my lower back where my kidneys are
still hurt and I was like okay this is
really scary because kidneys are not
aren't something you need to mess with
so I went to the emergency room and the
doctors were like what the heck did you
do and I told my story and they're like
okay well your kidneys are really bad
there's no way you did this
skateboarding you probably you have to
have an underlying kidney problem that
you didn't know about so we're gonna
have to admit you to the hospital and
there's a scale to like to gauge the
health of your kidneys it's like a
creatinine level and normal kidneys
should be at a 1 or 0 1 or less on the
creatinine scale mine we're at a 7 and I
don't know if you guys know what
dialysis is but when you're at 7
that's a dialysis level like I should
have been on
alysus and you know or you know if it
gets higher that's George's like hey you
need a kidney transplant and in you know
when you're in your 20s that's that's
horrifying I was like oh my gosh I was
scared and I asked the doctor I was like
is there any way that like my kidneys
could just rebound and this could turn
around I'll be okay and they're like
there's a chance but it's highly
unlikely you know we got to figure out
what's wrong with you so they did a
biopsy on me which is where they stick a
needle like in my back and they tear a
piece like a little piece of my kidney
off so I can study it and find out like
what's going on with them and that was
really weird like I was all numbed up
and everything but I can definitely feel
like ripping on my kidney like inside
and it felt really funky don't I don't I
don't suggest that you guys willingly do
that unless unless you need it do it but
I'm just saying it's not that fun so two
days later my levels actually went down
to a five and I was like heck yeah
that's good and then they got the biopsy
like the info on the the biopsy back and
they came up with nothing they were like
okay well you're at this point my my
levels went down like a three point six
I was like heck yeah they're getting
better this is awesome and they came up
they had no idea how how I did it so I
guess I really did just do it by abusing
my body on my skateboard so much which
they told me they're like hey we have
never seen or even heard of anyone
physically abusing their kidneys this
bad like like you know I don't know if
you want to be proud of that or
something but that's nuts like yeah
don't underestimate an idiot with a
skateboard because you can get it done
right but my kidneys got better and
after a we could be in the hospital I
was out so you know I am completely
lucky and thankful that I was able to
get out of the situation without you
this because without being in a really
really bad I mean I can't even explain
like I'd have to go to the hospital like
maybe two or three times a week and sit
with the Machine for four hours cleaning
my blood because my kidneys couldn't do
it for the rest of my life or get a
kidney transplant and like my life could
have been a nightmare from here on out
but um I am I'm one lucky dude I just my
kidneys turned around and they're like
hey you know what we're not going to be
where I can be messed up we're gonna be
good so uh I got to go get a check-up to
make sure everything's all right but
like you know they let me a hospital my
kitties were almost back to normal so I
cannot begin to explain like what I went
through it's been a really hectic two
weeks for me and I would like to take
this opportunity just to thank all of my
family and friends who came to visit me
guys I love you that's awesome thank you
around my side Brittany uh my girlfriend
as you guys haven't know she lives in
that like that's the city of our 1/2
away and she like dropped all her work
and came down and took care of me and
that was awesome so thank you babe I
love you and this wire sucks sorry I'm
really upset with this whole wire
situation I'm fixing it but yeah I just
want to fill you guys in I have been
abusing my kidneys and my body so much
that I can't go on skating the way I
used to I first I thought I was never
gonna skate again so that is not the
case I am gonna be able to keep skating
I just can't skate like gaps and rails
and drops like I used to
I'm have to re-strategize but fear not
there will always be skating on this
channel and I'm gonna be skating myself
so give me a little while to get back in
the swing of things and let my body heal
up and and I will return but the revenge
guys are here and we're gonna keep
filming them and it's gonna be a second
but things will get back to normal
that's why I haven't been here for two
weeks because my life has been all over
the place and I'm back now and I'm here
to do some videos so expect some new
ones a lot of new ones here soon because
I'm gonna really try to be on it because
I it felt weird being away from you guys
for two weeks is that a weird thing to
say I've been talking for five minutes
okay I'm sorry for babbling I'll be back
to my normal structured ridiculousness
and there's some bloopers in this
because I apparently forgot how to talk
in my absence
so whatever alright but guys I'm not
dead and I'm doing alright so I'm back
so goodbye
man this is a disaster later
Oh times like these you just wanna punch
yourself in the face or sing about it
like an idiot Creek some apple juice cuz
I have like a big gallon of it right
here
that is refreshing and when you drink it
your voice sounds like this I don't know
why but the girls dig it that's a lie
and if you stay tuned I'm gonna tell you
why what happened I'm gonna tell you all
the info
better get enews on the line or a
handkerchief or something because people
can be crying that is proof that I don't
think before I talk when I make these
videos basically you have not seen in a
little while
and but okay I was in Philadelphia which
is on the East Coast what I'd say that
people just don't even know where -
Philadelphia is explain to you why I'm
an idiot
oh wait I can't explain that because I
am an idiot
