youtube what's up guys so you might be
asking why is Andy on my computer right
now and that's because this is a video
yeah in fact this is a revenge update
video we have a lot of things going on
in the revenge world right now including
me leaving Cincinnati leaving my
computer and leaving you guys but there
are in fact a lot of things like I just
said and I'm gonna tell you all about it
right now first bit of news is that like
i said before i'm leaving cincinnati the
revenge crew and I are going to
Philadelphia to film a pilot for the TV
show that we're going to pitch to some
networks later on this year based on
that we want revenge series I know I now
it's a while back and it is finally
happening I'm stressing out about this
because I'm trying to get it all
organized and make it go smooth and I
really hope it does um when I get back
in the you know next week and I upload
all the footage I will start working on
a trailer for the TV show but don't look
for that for the next two weeks you know
within the next month or so it'll be out
but I'm going to put some good work into
it so it might be awhile before you see
it when i get back i'm going to start
working on falling skateboarder 3 and
another skit and you know the same crap
i'm always up to but um yes we're going
to Philadelphia heck yes if you guys
live in Philadelphia and you never some
really really legit skate spots are like
I feel kind of down that ascends legit
skate spots but that's what I mean legit
skate spots put them in the comments
below and we're going to google it and
we'll look at it and be like yeah I want
to skate that and you might just see us
there in fact we got some new shirts
which is my next bit of information hold
on YouTube she's wait i'm still talking
i'm still here boom we got new shirts
and we will eventually have these for
sale but if you find us in philadelphia
if you're one of the first to find us to
Philadelphia you might just get one for
free and yeah that was the second thing
I'm agenda I have listed down here
shirts you know about the shirts next
part and the next bit of information is
that Jace our child prodigy entered a
contest lately and he has a video of an
honest channel if you want to check that
out there is a link down below he
totally got third place and I just
spoiled that if you're really gonna
watch the video
piranha plant in the last bit of news is
that our very own arizonian friend Max
Mayberry is now repping Vox footwear
that is right max is sponsored by Fox
and that is awesome so I just wanted to
take this this moment to say max the
revenge guys and I all say we are happy
for you and very very proud of you
thanks man but that is it guys I yeah
I'm about to pass out i'm tired i'm
gonna go get some sleep and go to
Philadelphia in the morning um but you
know like I just said I'm gonna be away
from my computer or not going to see any
videos for a good week and a half or so
so you might see some cell phone videos
like wallow in Philadelphia but you're
not going to get any well produced
videos like you normally see so I'm
sorry but hang with me I've got some
great things in store for you guys and
if you want to see our last trip to
philly go watch we want revenge aight
i'll put a link at the end of this video
because i'm a nice dude like that um but
yeah that's it guys that's all I gotta
say so if you're in philly tell me some
spots other than that i'm gonna go
subscribe or die
youtube what is up guys so you might be
you asking why yourself is speaking
words gosh you're ever gonna take this
are you max all of the revenge dudes and
I say congratulations you could have
gone a long time ago hey that was aced
that rocked that oh wait you said the
wait a minute I just say I just start
talking and I don't know what I'm saying
I can't even think of where you're
looking I don't even know I don't even
know if there were words to contribute
to my feelings of the processing yeah
you
