Oh
what here serious leaving you hang and
Nigel the boats in the background yeah
what do we add like a marina or
something
ooh - what is up guys so yeah this was
some straps not some straps at all this
was some footage you haven't seen from
the footage I was given for the three
block edit that recently went up last
week and if you wanted to I'll leave
this at the end if you haven't seen it
because it went up at the same time as
the product release like showing you all
the three about products so I think a
lot of people actually missed it so
please watch the edit it is so good it's
like four minutes of really solid
skating and it's fun like all the three
buckets have been there been really fun
to put together
so watch it but yeah some of the some
guys gave me a lot of footage some of
the clips just didn't make it and then I
showed the process of one of Jason's
tricks and one of Carlos's trick which
is arguably the best 3 of of heavy jump
ever done ok not only goes through the
chain but he goes across a gap of like
worth water underneath so if it messed
up the board would go right into the
ocean to be done and he'd have to come
back another day
so that was insane but yeah the 3 block
release went awesome it went better than
we thought it was going to I know a lot
of decks are a couple deck sizes sold
out the first day of certain graphics so
uh I haven't checked it since then I
don't know how hard it is to get the
deck that you want but a verification
clearly I'm in vacation mode right now
and I haven't been able to pay attention
to numbers but the initial launch went
really good I just want to say thank you
guys from all of the three-block team I
know they're psyched on how it went and
I look forward to the new new thing
everyone's wondering why everyone's like
why are you making a new skateboard
company and this is not weird at all
like a lot of distributions I just look
at like all the other skateboard
distributions they have multiple deck
companies we just have too big of a
family is the biggest reason and I look
at it's fun to do like a different type
of project if you watch the three black
videos it's way different then what I've
done with revive and force and whatnot
so it's been fun and but yes it's just a
new team our family has gotten really
really big and we you know we can't just
put everyone over by a lot of people who
are freaking out or vive is not going
anywhere revive is saying the same
you're still going to the same videos
from for me and everyone that has
channel is going to continue and yeah
we're just one big one big family okay
that's not going anywhere
that's it I'm rambling I'll be guys like
that I'm in vacation mode right now so
I'll be back to you baby doing mine
well videos here soon because about time
you're watching this I'm like almost
home which is awesome I cannot wait to
wait to be home that's it guys thank you
guys for watching if you haven't seen
the 3 block edit it's going to be at the
end of the this video so click it and
that's it I hope you guys have a great
day here's an apple
video I decided to throw you
Oh
