hi and welcome to jc's birthday he's 14
when we're skating to celebrate it right
Jase let's let's start some footage
going
jace we are celebrating your birthday
today let's go to Ali's look it's my new
cat got a new cat jacker bring that cat
up here all right it's your cab just
bring it up here youtube this is my bud
Jagger he's like my little bro he's
Jason's oh brother what's the cat's name
no it's okay
spooky yeah that's pretty cool like that
he's freaking out you need to get him
safety food get him to safety Jagger say
bye keep them secret keep them safer see
you dagger tell mom I love her
that was nice that was nice why are you
why you're not letting me see you alex
has a blue one on oh boy that's what he
wears every day so soon
that's right
all those up sweetie I had a blue one
it's a medium dude it'll shrink a little
bit
why does that that was so good
why'd you say my name
yeah I was so good to smile it was yeah
subscribe subscribe it's oh yeah
come on identical twins keep yet keep a
pilot hand I drew that that's the
shooter like its signature character
that's that's turtle boy from Michigan
has not my scene
all right that's good
sounds pretty I got your presents that
was a pretty cool video we that was that
was another heartwarming anyone want to
do the honors birthday you should do it
he already did it for the skate park say
it one more time I'm not gonna funny
around today really subscribe dude how
do you got it I got it oh that was good
outro hold on five seconds I gotta
freakin talk about Jase it's his
birthday video so yeah I have known Jase
since he was 5 years old 9 long years
and I basically watched him grow up his
and you know I've said this before but
his entire family is kinda like a second
family to me so when he started
skateboarding of course he came out with
me and you know immediately I saw a
talent I was like man he could be really
good at this and a year and some months
later he is getting really good this
he's progressing really fast and I just
wanted to say that Jase all the revenge
guys and me are very very proud of what
you're doing you are getting you know
it's just a matter of time before you're
gonna be passing all of us up and
showing us up except maybe Alex he's
shreds he gets better on the skateboard
he gets better every time he jumps on
the skateboard so I'm trying to say so
he will be your competition but you know
you are right you're chugging along so
we'll see but you know I
want to say I'm proud of you but you are
doing awesome and it's good to see that
you have a fun out there skateboarding
and that is all that's the reason number
they're talking so Jayce if you got your
beater hit it and I know a few of you
rebels out there hit it anyway that's
cool I'm gonna let that fly slide gossip
cannot talk right now so I'm just gonna
I'm just gonna stop talking outro you
can do your thing Jace happy birthday
and here's to many awesome more sessions
done was that it was that good was that
good let's just go with it
videos John the videos this is after
there are you dancing oh dude I'm done
I'm so I'm done
