yeah say what are they doing what is
that that they're riding on Oh what is
it Oh what is it skateboard 20 of
cupcakes stylish birthday yeah it's
exactly like
whoa I don't want to screw it everything
about my future
I'll do her first fall yeah keep on
going all right pick it up run sure Matt
does not that's not make up where he's
gonna think you gotta swing amazing just
a magazine yeah you used it it's a used
present was the first box ever got with
a Jackie's handwriting first of all mrs.
happy birthday happy bday bro yeah yeah
wonderful well you're not getting it aha
don't be fooled ah look women
what me I'm worked and a half yeah so I
always wanted a Thrasher Magazine my bed
I didn't have too much money no it's all
right man it's the thought that counts
right okay this is from Andy this is for
Mandy what is what it out do you do
those right they had to you thanks boss
we have mortgage payments oh yes Alex
out me Alex have many cupcakes we got a
party yeah I've been eating these I've
gone through like yeah a bunch of them
lately you didn't flip it over oh I'm
the price leg or they're doing the rest
of the see it oh who does that on
accident why is this why is this greasy
feeling well cuz he's new touch with be
out on grease on my hands no yes oh
there's something more in there all
right first of all there's your receipt
Oh what is the same you doing here i
watch was that uh like seven dollars
each why why did you buy total total
total oh ok I didn't mean to leave the
night of lawyers for alarm I didn't mean
to leave the receipt in their water
leaving else yeah 20-something those
could you keep having me fix herbal no
all right this is the last one please do
you want more presents no is this last
one yeah that's an all guard to get card
and punching screen dude i was about to
kiss you wanted a yeah oh yeah bout time
for a new wallet you know maybe a seat
in everything but it has guns on it cuz
your nickname is guns I'll get it done
isn't that touching in clever yeah I
can't say cute no isn't that touching
and dude that is so dude that is so do
I'm birthday bud thank you very much
thank you no please don't yes let's do
it
individually all right that was a
birthday song by revenge so everybody
out there must be a part of the team
think about it that you get that year
round
you
