yet how was it good / dude 003 loved it
what are you doing make a move no hey
brother we had another one oh god that's
my brother oh god is that too close go
Emma look at your face I can't do that
this is our whole outtakes right well
dude you guys are so me to thrown up the
air not look at it and kick it get
bigger so yeah get bigger
that was
I'm pretty consistent
well I don't keep doing that dude whoa
did hey guys what's up you just caught
me um enjoying some jelly beans i got
from the easter basket from my
girlfriend's mom then she made for me
that was very nice to her because these
are delicious I'm holy heck this one's
really good but uh that was super nice
of her and these are good so thank you
girlfriend's mom this rocks but the
reason I'm talking after the footage you
just saw is because I have two things
tell you guys finished chewing you idiot
I'm being all rude on there and hold on
done okay so yeah you just saw like the
bonus clips from James 42 well there
weren't a lot of actual bloopers in the
video because we didn't really mess up
our lines we kind of like hit everything
but I don't know so that's not for sure
but I hope you guys were entertained but
what you just saw Nick and I Nick plays
so before we actually have a comedy
group at the end of some of videos you
might have noticed like a little clip
that has the the new go on a set as like
that I likes whatever he says he says
that and it says hose-water comedy well
that's us Nick and I when we work
together we are like in the hose water
comedy group and we have a Facebook page
so you should go down there and click
the link and like it if you want to
follow our little comedy adventures and
also i've been using my blog and I want
to do it a little more often so if you
guys want to check out if you guys would
basically want to like dive into my
personal life this is the place to do it
I just uh I just did a really quick
update yesterday about like Easter
weekend I have some pictures of the lady
and I over the weekend and then it has a
picture of my hand ripped to shreds my
bloody you should check that out at
least I mean a dude wants to see a
bloody hand right so yeah I'll just like
I'll put the URL on the screen or
something and like i'll put a link down
there so check that out i'm going to be
updating it more and more I don't know
if there's a way to like follow it if
you can do that figure it out and do it
if not I'm getting text messages if not
um you could always follow my facebook
like every time I do an update like I'll
put post on my public figure page like
hey there's new update on my blog so go
check it out that's that's all I really
want to say I hope you guys like the
James board footage I think the next
skit I'm going to do is the next TR show
I might do that and I'm going to film
the following skateboarder 3 in the next
couple weeks like two or three
I'm going to get it done I have some big
plans for it so be ready for that the
skate videos are going to keep coming
like they always do and i am going to go
because i'm done i just been rambler on
being an idiot here from the internet
and the pink ones are really good guys
if you guys to get a chance if you guys
ever get girlfriend girlfriend mom's
jelly beans go over the penguins are so
good oh my gosh that was a really good
that was so good goodbye
jellybeans jellybeans jellybeans oh yeah
I'm not gonna eat this one screw that
i'm gonna eat just one cuz it's pink and
now am secure as man to eat pig
jellybeans ho yeah a large fry ah large
hi-c orange a large iced tea sweet tea
give me a sweetie sweetie actually sorry
and I ain't gotta be large and I large
fine
