are you a perfect person do you have
confidence is this a poor the answer to
all those questions no because haha
James for the anything anywhere close
are you good at football medium and flip
book great in football because on the
flowers I will coach anything anywhere
to anybody you are not afraid of heights
no I'm man what are you doing make a
move James James born your parents are
never gonna love you if you don't get
clean not from the Stone Age dummy I
don't have to do it in real life I can
do it at many versatile formats coach my
blog or Facebook even a cell phone
Twitter just look at this daffodil and I
know what you're thinking the answer is
yes I coached intimate objects to turn
why don't you get moving
so to get me to coach you on anything
anywhere cool one two three five five
five twenty three four thirty two and if
that's hard remember here it is bigger
get bigger
things still rolling oh yeah all right
don't tell my brother but I'll give it
to you for a dollar cheap same exact
deal call Shimon for all right
undercutting the competition its name of
the game here good-looking I said I like
that
