I'm so excited alright I'm sorry that
was pretty stupid like I just said but
that's what I came up for the intro so
you know you watched it and you're going
to deal with that this is an update
video so if you don't want to see you
know basically stuff as ridiculous as
what you just saw
go watch ray william johnson or
something or you know maybe play the new
Mortal Kombat because that just came out
and you know what come to think of it I
am done with the update warnings I've
been doing this a long time I think the
majority of you guys understand what's
going on here you have to deal with this
weird guy talking to you sometimes holy
heck my life is amazing right now okay
in fact if you translate my current life
situation into a smiley face it might
just be this one yeah that's some
serious business right there Facebook
message but in all honesty guys I am
completely happy with my life right now
in fact I don't think I've ever been as
happy as I am in my entire life than I
am right now things are amazing in every
single angle of my life and I am pretty
excited about it and in addition to
being happy I actually hit 20,000
subscribers the other day which you know
is awesome to see I cannot thank you
guys enough I've said it a million times
before and I'll say it a million more
times you guys are the best subscribers
in the world it's you know you guys
support me in watching her videos all
the time and I cannot thank you guys
enough I will keep doing videos I'm not
gonna stop anytime soon no matter what
even if I won 500 million dollars I
would still keep doing videos for you
guys promise and you know what I've been
so happy lately that I didn't even care
that I got my hand ripped open while
skating looks like two vampires bit me
at the same time or something I was
actually filming for the new wheeler
avenge and I was falling all over the
place one of the times I ripped my hand
open but all the falls were really
stupid and they were all on film so look
forward to that when it comes out next
week but in the revenge world we have
something awesome about to happen we
have set the trip to film the TV show in
stone the second weekend of May we're
going to go to Philadelphia we're going
to be there for five days filming the
pilot that we're going to
pitch just networks later on this year
so if you are in Philadelphia and you
see us say what's up unfortunately we
are putting so much money into the trip
that we have to we had to put the
product on hold a lot of people asked
for shirts or what not we were going to
get some shirts made and sell them
online for you guys but it's expensive
to take a trip for like how many people
we are going to Philadelphia as soon as
I do get the shirts in I will have a
video online and you guys will know
right away okay and that is gonna happen
it's just gonna happen later than we
thought it was going to and you know
what since I'm on the topic of something
skateboard he related here is some
footage of a nollie nose blunt I did not
land in fact I fell and whatever just
watch it boom
so yeah that was kind of a disaster I
guess I need to get my game plan
together and go back and landed which I
wailed eventually but videos to come
guys the next we are revenge like I said
we'll be out next week look out for that
and then finally this weekend comes
James Ford - and it's been a long time
I've been talking about this but we
actually went out and filmed it and the
footage is on my computer I just need to
edit it and you know get it onto YouTube
so look out for that so I'm pretty
excited for it oh you know what the
video isn't even over because I am about
to drop a knowledge bomb on you guys
I got a new girlfriend and she is
amazing I have never met a girl in my
life that I just clicked with so fast
and she's definitely a big reason why I
am so happy lately like you guys I wish
you guys could have seen me on like the
first time we hung out and went on date
and everything like I was actually
nervous like I mean I know you guys kind
of get a feeling for me but I usually I
usually can keep talking and know what
to say well like with her I was like oh
my gosh I felt like I was like a 12 year
old talking to a girl for the first time
it was nuts she's great
I'm very very happy guys and I had to
tell you in fact you know what you know
how I have my t-rex that you always see
in my videos well
she collects elephants she's really big
into elephants and stop making noise and
I totally got her a wind-up elephant to
match my t-rex that might seem
ridiculous but she's actually getting
surprised right now she's even know I
got a four and she watches my videos so
she's finding out that she just got a
wind-up elephant right here on YouTube
to add to her elephant collection so I
mean honestly she doesn't have any like
toys in her collection it's like a bunch
of nice statues and stuff but um yeah
but the point I'm trying to get across
is that Britney I cannot even begin to
explain how great it is that you came to
my life
I am super super super happy and you are
amazing babe and I'm saying it in front
of all of YouTube right now cuz I don't
care I want everyone in the whole world
to know but and end girlfriend time I am
gonna go guys there are some bloopers
after this like always and am I
forgetting something
oh and I'm sorry but a lot of you guys
had a problem that did not put a Harry
Potter star on this dude
in my last video so here we are guys
what's gonna happen right now
first I'm gonna knock my guitar over now
they got that out of the way can you see
that can you see that
oh it's still going you fix your hair
and the cameras rolling idiot not I mean
all right that's what I came up for the
intro this is an update video the
majority of you guys get that this video
this channel this video channel video
channel video channel Jews you I
actually put myself kind of hard okay
I'm a dude I'm a man I'm I can take it
and all including this weird guy talking
did I just get a Facebook message yes I
did
my girlfriend especially me and a
smiling and I'm gonna I'm gonna respond
to it she said sup foo she has no idea
you were on YouTube right now hey babe
and this is where the conversation ends
for you dudes goodbye
