youtube what's up guys so three things
are actually up first off yes I'm
wearing a tie on my head seconds I got a
haircut recently and instead of taking
just a little bit off she was like hey
you know what I'm gonna be a hamburger
and take a lot off and third it is my
200th YouTube videos so like I did for
my 100 video I'm going to show you a
highlight reel from the last 100 videos
on my youtube channel enjoy game on that
was I was mediocre there's our a little
bit re right game on revit revenues what
what's that word I'm freaking looking
for deaf when our revenues archives
archives did him some guards over the
name
as cancer kissable bekheir breast cancer
someone else's property but playing in
the snow is never gonna be one of the
very very prepared let's do that again
then why are you about to wear a mario
hat what whoa haha if I was a robot
makes so much more sense wouldn't it it
would make myself view myself as more
sense that doesn't make sense so I'm
definitely on a robot okay we got dogs
flying after we got flame throwers about
flaming dogs flying after me this is
ridiculous
oh my liver doesn't feel good all right
waited for 14 years grew this beard got
all sexy it wasn't over it's still not
over boom they're making out girls in
the audience are crying and you're
scoring tonight
and unintimidating ha what's up guys
okay can i mix and match those two okay
what's going on with your speaker mom my
speaker
show's over hooligans but really what's
up guys 200 videos that's crazy right
that's a lot of videos it just seems
like not too long ago during 100th video
and at this rate there'll be a 300 video
pretty soon but uh I gotta remind you
guys you are the best subscribers in the
world like I cannot thank you enough all
the comments and messages you know it
sucks that I can't reply to them all but
like it really does mean a lot guys and
I do all of this for you so i will keep
making videos if you keep watching them
I got some good ones up it coming in the
near future so I'd shop you know I
wasn't gonna talk to the end of this but
I was like you know what now I need to
remind them that they rock because uh
this really you know I make these videos
I have fun doing it but if you guys
weren't there I would not have 200 oh so
I would have a couple made more than
couple but you know I'm saying but rock
on I just want to remind you guys you
guys are awesome and I will keep doing
this for you guys so that's it expect to
see some more videos subscribe or donate
money that isn't really good options
because donating money is good I mean
subscribe is good too i mean ooh i'm in
a pickle yeah i just a pickle did I
really I said pickle who says that
anymore who says that done I'm done
oh my agent said I should give you a
gift so here Thanks all right there's
t-rex yeah that is not many people know
he invented sexual harassment what a
jerk
