all right there are just some things you
simply have to watch again let's do that
one more time all right and for all you
people wondering if he was hurt no he
was not hurt he was actually okay
Darrell didn't actually hit him in the
face but it came really really darn
close and this is just weird like the
second I saw this movie I was like what
cuz I've skated a lot of flat bars in my
day and like the end of the rail like
pop up a little bit but never has it
flown toward my face like a heat-seeking
missile my gosh it was like it had like
a vendetta if that's the right word
against his eyeballs or something but
yeah he ends up just like kind of walked
away like holy crap what that just
happened and uh you know what he landed
its tricks he kept skating and you may
have actually seen this clip before I
used it in one of my order update videos
but I was on my computer the other day
and I found it and I was like dude I
remember this this is excellent ha and I
thought it should be its own video so
that's what you're watching right now
you're watching its own video and
actually the guy in it that almost got
his face chopped off by the rail is my
friend Brent Costello he's been like a
long-term subscriber of mine and we
started talking on YouTube and stuff and
we played call duty and we just stayed
in touch for four since then or whatever
I don't know how to talk whatever but
he's a good guy and he has his own
channel and you should check it out
there's a link down there and i'll put a
link at the end of the video um you
should definitely check it out and
subscribe because he's a skateboarder
what more reason do you need to
subscribe than that he's a good duties
as a skateboarder so uh that's it I'm
done I have a lot of videos on the way I
am like backed up on videos right now I
just film James Ford too and it's not
gonna be released for like another week
and a half two weeks because I got more
on the way so stay tuned guys and so you
don't I'm going to do here is the
philosophical frigging polar bear that I
stares at me I think it's really
appropriate that he has some glasses
because he's so he just looks like the
type of guy that these glasses so let's
do this
boom oh my gosh don't think i did as i
just made it look like harry potter
subscribe or die
holy crap what that just happen and uh
you know what he landed his tricks he
kept skating did I just say that trick
were wrong what are you doing here Andy
gosh your haircut sucks all right and
the answer to a few of your question is
snake I'm pretty sure to know what ask a
question that that would be a logical
response to but I just felt like saying
the word snake cuz I messed up I don't I
run this up I gotta watch that again
here's a ruler
you
