hi my name is James port and an ashrak
has hired me stop it they don't need to
know that I hired you okay fine I'll
just do it again then hi my name is
James Ford when I'm not out there being
an amazing American citizen I am voting
for Metro because I like buses stop
metro is not a bus metro is a skate shop
and they have a youtube channel
skateboarding I thought people quit
skateboarding when Tony Hawk died buddy
what are you talking about Tony Hawk is
not dead do they still wear the tight
pants though because that's kind of
you stop you can't say the word faggy
people get offended by that no no no one
gets offended by that except maybe you
do you were top pants uh okay just start
again and don't say the word faggy don't
say anything to just just say what I
told you say okay hi my name is James
Ford and I need you to vote for Metro
skate shop if you don't I will find your
house and web app hi my name is James
Ford and I need you to vote for Metro
skate shop if you don't you are queer
stop hi my name is James Ford and I my
name is James Ford and i am the owner of
metro skate shop and I need you ha ha my
producer director and boss and truck has
made me inform you that I'm not actually
the owner of Metro skate shop but if you
want to help out Metro win the YouTube
Nextup contest go down to the underbar
if that makes sense to you youtubers and
click the link it'll take you to a page
and you just give that video a thumbs up
and then you can do it again the next
day we'll have two more days we've got
the seventh and the eighth after the
eighth you can't vote so why don't you
go do that and get everyone to vote get
your mom and your dad and heck I saw a
video of a squirrel riding a jet ski one
time so you probably get your dog to
vote I don't care but uh that's it make
sure you go down there click the link
and vote if you don't you're kind of
faggy not that that's a bad thing that's
that's a great thing I love it
hey guys what's up so I really just want
to make a video to remind you guys to
vote for metro and I was like all right
I'm gonna do a skit let's do this and I
through that together I completely
improved it I had no idea what I was
doing in so I got the camera out and
actually filmed it so if you don't like
it you have to do with that because that
that just happened all right and you
just watch that uh but yeah that's
that's James Ford and I'm sorry if if
you guys were actually if anyone was
actually offended by the word faggy in
that video I just I thought it was kind
of appropriate for his character I have
nothing against homosexuals or gays or
whatever you want to call I you know I'm
cool I'm trying to like not corner
myself and saying something ridiculous
I'm just going to stop talking um but
yeah guys vote for Metro seriously I am
so so so happy to see so many people
supporting them and making videos and
whatnot it's really awesome like it's
cool to see everyone come together like
this so here's here's my reminder go
vote fermeture the link is down there
give it a thumbs up you can you know
there's only two more days left there's
the 78th so vote by all means and that
is it I'm going to go if I'm kind of
psyched that I kept wearing my my hat
that i bought for James Ford look at
this though like how amazing of a
ridiculous hat is this butch trucks to
the bare like gold mine I'm actually
filming a new the second James for this
weekend I do believe that's why I bought
it but uh okay I'm done I'm done talking
you're not talking any cool on that note
I'm not cuz i subscribed I'm gonna say
vote for metro or die yeah pretty
serious stuff goodbye
