well you're beyond 20 that was an
adorably on I got to give you that ok
just being cute cats all over the place
just I can't even concentrate holy flat
spots Cody had some new wheels dude and
actually if I remember that day that we
skid with him he had mentioned that he
had just gotten new wheel so that kind
of sucks because he's already got flat
spots on them so hopefully he's fixed
that problem by now but yeah that's not
a lot of footage I know I actually tried
to go out a few times since then with
Cody to finish a montage of that park of
him but schedules never worked out so i
finally got kind of sick and tired of
waiting or that sounded mean Cody I
didn't mean it like that I just you know
I was just I was like all right whatever
I'll just film him later and I'll put
these tricks up so there you guys go and
expect maybe a new montage of cody smith
at that park fairly soon because the
weather's getting better here in since
Andy and I'm gonna be I'm going to be
having some more opportunities to skate
and for all you people that are saying
like man this was just way too short
this is not long enough Andy I'm sorry
you're gonna have to wait till the
weekend when I'm going to release a new
we want revenge so be excited for that
and I have some bonus footage of the
from the I'm gasket or I don't know it's
called but it's not necessarily bonus
footage but it's it's really into that
and I know it's kind of weird because
I'm waiting a week to release it but
whatever um look out for that too i
think i think i'm gonna post that but
that's it if you want to see more
footage from the skatepark you just saw
there'll be a link at the end of this
video to a session from of me a while
back and don't expect any footage of me
after the outro because it's gonna be
none all right I'm not I just nailed all
of this there's no there's no bloopers
or anything my cat's been me out like an
idiot goodbye
what did I tell you I said I wasn't
gonna be here but you decided to live
life on the edge and just be like I'm
gonna you know what I'm gonna wait
around to see if he shows up and I did
I'm just get another mad catz shut up
shut up no man i'm not mad guys here's
the link
