youtube what's up guys so this is to all
you skateboarders out there and if
you're not skateboarder watch this
anyway you know live life on the edge
but because you can help this is a
helping video actually and before I get
into it i'd like to take a second to say
i just got a shower and I kind of like a
chimney right now my hair is kind of
work and my face is red for some reason
but I'm a dude I'm not gonna care him do
this video anyway so like I said this is
a helping video I'm making this to help
up my friends over at Metro which if you
are a skateboarder online you probably
already know about any prior to
subscribe to them but they're entering a
YouTube contest it's like a content
creator contest that YouTube is giving a
grant of 35 grand out to the winner to
let them you know make whatever video
they want and if Metro wins this they
are going to use it to like travel the
world and just film like the life as a
skateboarder across the world and I
think that is an amazing idea so they
have a trailer for this thread their
entry to the contest is a trailer for
the idea of this and I want you guys to
help okay go down there at the very
least the very least thing you can do is
go down click the link and vote a thumbs
up on this okay you can vote once per
day up until the eighth so keep going
back and back and doing it and help out
that is the very least you can do ok I
think skateboarders are like brothers
you know if you're a girl you're a
sister whatever we're a big family need
you notice what I'm trying to say
growing up you know you'd see another
skateboarder at least for me at see how
the skateboarder be like oh you're one
of us and there was a connection there
and I've always had that opinion it's
kind of funny because I think in the
trailer Cory duffel pet says the same
sort of thing but it's completely true
guys we are one big family and in times
like these we should band together and
help each other out like I said the very
least you can do is go down and vote on
their entry but if you want to help out
more post a video ok especially if
you're one of the bigger dudes with
thousands of subscribers make a little
video and saying hey guys I'm gonna help
out Metro spread the word go to the link
and give them a thumbs up because we
wanted to win this how sweet would that
be for the skateboarding community you
know if you can't if you don't want to
post a video post on your Facebook you
know in your myspace if you still use
that you weirdo but whatever spread the
words what I'm trying to say and I'm
doing my part uh you know you guys are
probably watching this like man I
open for some content well just to
satisfy you know the people that that
this is not good enough for if I could
speak I can't speak it alright to
satisfy the people this is not good
enough for i will give you guys a little
sneak peek of the next we want revenge
it's only half filmed but i'll throw a
you know a little teaser together right
now let's Andy you want to take this
away oh wait you're me you're on the
computer and you're the same person okay
so here we go watch a little sneak peek
of the next we want revenge
you just once on the whole thing yeah
pretty much yeah so BAM there was a very
very small slice of the next we or
revenge and that should come out in
about a week or so so watch out for its
butt back to you know the main event
here go down there give go down there
and click the link and give it a thumbs
up help Metro out if you have not heard
of Metro then go to their Channel and
subscribe to because there are really
really good skateboarding channel here
on YouTube but come on guys we're a
family and we gotta help each other out
so skateboarders band together and
spread the word and that's it i hope
this video affected you and i hope you
do an essay and if not boom that get
stuck in the camera think oh it's in
here this is actually a rubber band for
my ex-girlfriend and I'm not giving it
back to her but I'm so sad when I look
at it false is what Dwight would say
from the office why did I say all that
video I'd like to take a note I think
take a note I want to take a note what
is that what does that doesn't do
anything for anyone look at that brush
why is this brush in the shop Oh falling
falling okay chaos ensues stupid brush
that's right kind of like a chim dim
right now and I have no idea why I can't
get this right why is this zoomed in or
something why's it so close do you just
shut up polar bear sitting there look at
all philosophical on me look at look
that guy did you know we should all band
together like this more often and go
help them this is rushed you are rushing
this okay you said a lot of cool things
but that was just stupid that wasn't
stupid it was not stupid whose side are
you on
you
