how about work what did someone say that
oh yeah being a mechanic and this is
Weston's job and ashrak hey Alex I'm
sorry to call you like this man I just
got the worst comments on YouTube ever
well what the comments say he said that
my video is gay and I should quit making
videos altogether
he said you're gay you're gay you're gay
you're gay yeah wait what well are you
gonna do man
well what can I do man if there's
someone out there that actually feels
like that
I gotta call it quits dude I can't keep
going that's out of the question
all right man that sucks dude I don't
know what to tell you but peace later
man hey do you have any idea what you're
doing
dude you're me yeah I am you I'm from
the future I'm here to tell you that you
cannot quit making YouTube videos do you
have any idea what effect that would
have on the world every living soul
depends on you making videos yeah there
is no way that is true that is most
certainly true no actually I'm the one
that understands what's going on here
because I'm gonna send this computer and
I'm gonna edit all this together I'm the
one who thought of it so if anything I
am the one controlling you you have no
idea what's really going on
no that is clearly false you are crazy
oh yeah then then why are you about to
wear a Mario hat what whoa
how are the what alright cool yeah yeah
you got a trick up your sleeve that's
neat everyone has a trick up their
sleeve that doesn't mean that I'm not
real no no dude you are not real
okay okay you're you're me being you to
not be me so that is not real does that
make sense
no that didn't make that didn't that
made absolutely no sense yeah actually I
have no idea what I just said either
kitten shot hey you're not gonna get
away without me talking about a bunch of
stuff you don't care about it wouldn't
be one of my videos if I didn't do that
so here I am this is a weird video I'm
gonna put that out there actually I was
gonna do a video talk about hate
comments like how to deal with hate
comments on the internet and YouTube
went up and I got the idea to do a
little intro for it and then I was like
well maybe I should just do a skit about
this whole thing so that's what it
turned into
and in the spirit of just in the spirit
of the hate comments I will read you my
top two hate comments that I've received
lately then these are pretty good on my
skater throws kid in a pond video fizzle
bought rights I would have favorited
this if this dump didn't keep running
his unfunny mouth my mouth is pretty
stupid I would give him that alright but
this next one tops that guy this this is
this is pretty good this is on my half
cap back nose ground 180 out video and
this is my skate and trees
he writes your gay get a life 40 year
old virgin fuck
and you gotta admire this guy okay
because it it takes a certain amount of
not skill but it takes a certain amount
of something to get almost as many curse
words in the sentence than normal words
and you know you got a plot him on that
that was that was pretty good
generally I don't actually get a lot of
hate comments I'm pretty good um usually
when I do they're like that they're just
ridiculous like some guy trying to like
hurt your feelings but you know I
honestly don't care like I usually just
replied that to my gay sorry bud
it sucks sucks don't watch my videos but
you know while I'm talking about this
it's funny because I have a video called
a skateboarder actually dies on gap and
if you haven't seen it there's a link at
the end there's there's one below it's
pretty it's it's it's kind of a dumb old
skit but there's like there's one shot
in it that's really really funny so
check it out if you haven't seen it but
a lot of people go on this and they
write this is so fake you can clearly
see that this is not real it's like oh
my gosh it's a skit and it is painfully
I mean painfully obvious and this is not
real and I have so many people trying to
point out that it's fake it's like you
are just making your
ding-ding because we all understand that
it's not real so by all means go check
this video out and look at all the
comments I get saying it's fake it's
it's it is something else but that's it
I hope you guys enjoyed this I will have
some skate videos coming and maybe
another we want revenge coming in a week
or so and I believe next weekend I'm
finally actually gonna film the James
Ford two skids we set a date and we're
gonna go for it
but that said I'm gonna go I filmed an
outro already so I'm gonna do a
transition I mean a cut it'll cut it'll
cut in a few seconds and then it'll be a
new Andy last about you guys I have some
bloopers after this because I am a dumb
dumb like usual
but that is all subscribe or die
that was awesome that was so look how
many mouths it is like finger no finger
finger no finger good bye did it did it
what you have to do that don't you
Facebook it's like I'm filming Facebook
he's talking to me that was stupid
no it's but I'm laughing like I'm just
sitting here having time my life spot
myself poor bears having a good time to
look at me show you small or bear is
like ah yes look at the idiot of the
computer
mmm okay you don't me to call you like
oh my gosh talking me
I just need oh Jesus little did they
know that it sang me a Facebook message
would do that to me Brent Brent freakin
Costello oh how you just got a name drop
my video bud how did you like that quick
class skate I liked it later oh my gosh
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh my gosh
shut up later dude oh my gosh were you
just not not not not not come on chisel
Pete's let's try this again later oh
this is impossible all right I can't
that is clear to me that I cannot place
my phone on the desk because the
computer screen comes back on accutane
ding ding I love I love pineapples ok I
confess it I love pineapples it's just
it's just even that even gets out like
you know what that could do to me there
is such a thing as bad you know bad um
what's the word the word any any any
publicity is good whatever I can't talk
even what I'm not even making sense how
did you come back on I didn't move
anything
