hey outro I was going to talk thanks
what's up guys so I know at least a
couple you or all right well actually a
lot of you apprised saying today and you
just upload video with one trick that is
weird and no I do not upload a video
with just one trick after the outro here
there is some behind-the-scenes footage
from the last we want revenge episode
it's kind of funny though because it
shows you just how much trouble we have
filming a little talking part in the car
and it's it's mildly entertaining so you
should check it out and if you have not
seen the last we were my revenge episode
there is a link at the end of this video
and maybe in the underbar below i'll
even know what I'm trying to say though
is there is a link somewhere and you
should check it out if you don't if you
haven't seen it that's it I'm done
talking and so I'm to go subscribe or
die no sore I wouldn't use that one yet
I'm proud I'm that was that was stupid
so Andy do you remember what just
happened oh you say oh okay you're
obnoxious which can you great degrade
say it ok so we're skating the biggest
hand around cincinnati and this guy
comes out he's like hey I don't know
where I'm going with this you know just
say it just say we just got kicked out
the big center of the world ok so we got
no just a lot of pressure and I don't
know where I'm going I'm now right so
we're like literally skating the biggest
hang around cincinnati and we get kicked
out and the camera moves to me yeah why
don't you just repeat what I said so
we're skating the biggest handrail and
Cincinnati you were really loud and we
get kicked out all right yeah we got
kicked out which it was probably a nice
that he was like doing us a favor
because that is the hardest rail to do
anything and some epic shit owes its
it's out of here I don't care that work
before we so we're gonna try to go find
another skate spot and it's gloomy
thoughts every other day we're talking
way too much Andy remember when we're
seeing that big handrail and we got
busted and it's such a nice day out you
just like waiting get we didn't get
busted we got down wouldn't get hit by
the cops don't get hit by them start
over all right Andy schrock we're
skating the biggest an around cincinnati
and your tapes flashing because we only
have five minutes left yeah there was a
fun
okay all right so we're seeing the
biggest hand around cincinnati and
someone politely told us to leave so we
did he was actually doing us a favor
because that handrail is impossible do
anything on because it's like an inch
long but uh yeah I'm not going to hit
them but we're going to go try to find
another skate spot and that sucks
because it's gloomy and it's getting
late and that's our luck yeah that's our
look every other day in Cincinnati is
nice out it's bright Sun in urban
weather and then the day we are filming
it's gloomy and sucks in our roads our
roads suck
you
