a different type of video that I have
ever done I'm going to an unboxing of
the Nintendo 3ds and if you've watched
any unboxing videos before they usually
have this type of angle the whole time
and the guys since they're in talks like
this and it just kind of makes comments
about what he goes and you never see his
face well you know what BAM
yeah here's my face you know what I look
like and I'm not gonna talk any
differently than I'd normally talk like
but I am gonna put shades on because
even when you're not seeing me not a lot
cooler with shades on right let's do
this alright so here's the Box pretty
basic you know what you'd expect from a
video game box it does have like the
fold opening which is a lot better than
when you used to have to like rip boxes
open to get your product out so I'm
going to get right to it right here and
cut these which is like a first for me
usually I'll just pull the stickers off
rip in the Box open but you know what I
want my box to be in good condition so
I'm gonna cut it with razor blades and
it's a lot heavier like the whole box is
a lot heavier than you think not a lot
heavier but it's heavier than you would
think not to be repetitive in all that
you got a big book of a lot of stuff
because Nintendo has been like actually
all video game people instead of just
making like your language they give you
three different languages of everything
so you have an encyclopedia of
everything you did not want to know
about this system but it does have the
AR cards which are incorporated with
some of the games that are like
installed on the system in some like
little mini games and arrangements
flying everywhere and then you get into
it and here is the actual system this
whole big box for just this tiny system
here it is boom the descent of 3d s it
has a shinier surface like the DSi s and
I never had a deus ex L or whatever but
uh they had like a matte finish this is
a shinier which I don't know how I feel
about that I'm I'm excited for the
system but I kind of wish it was just
like a matte finish like a
whatchamacallit and it honestly it's a
lot tinier than I then I thought here's
the setup if you're watching this you
probably know about the system already
but you know you have the analog stick
the basic setup as every DS has a head
there's the slot and slightly wider
because the three the deep the 3ds games
have like a little thing that I don't
know prevent you from smashing them into
original D s as I guess so there's the
system itself you have your AC your
power supply and then I forgot about
this actually I heard that they they
were doing a dock which I guess this is
a chart is this a charge dock yeah this
is a charge dock so you just sits in
there charged that's pretty awesome okay
so here's the extra system guys you have
you know your top screen is the is
slightly larger than the bottom the
bottom is touch sensitive of course the
top screen is the only 3d the bottom
screen is not 3d but you have your
select start and home keys right here
and they're not actually buttons they're
kind of like they're like flush so I
mean they're buttons but they don't come
out at all
what I'm trying to say and the whole
entire system is this like shiny like
plastic although all around it which
kind of sucks because like if it gets
smudged it right away it comes up like
my screen smudges drive me crazy alright
you've had it out for two seconds but
yeah there's the flush buttons you have
a headphone jack down here there's the
3d bar there's the the wireless you can
turn off your your wireless connection
on and off over here is where you put
your SD card slot in and it comes with
an SD card it comes to the two gig SD
card which of course you can put bigger
ones in there and then we have your
power supply if you are directly you
know charged directly or uh then you
have your buttons right here your L&R
buttons they're kind of tiny but they're
comfortable they're easy to press so no
worries there and I'm gonna turn it on
and I'm gonna show you the interface
okay so here and once again you cannot
see a 3d of course it might look a
little weird on the camera
only the top screens 3d like I said but
you here's you know your applications or
whatnot I haven't got a chance to
actually like play with it at all so
you're seeing it for the first time I'm
seeing it it's just like a little scroll
bar very easy to navigate and then at
the top there's the icon
will you stop making a bunch of noises
at me when I'm trying to talk to YouTube
which brings me a next point where the
hex of volume okay
oh the volume is a slider right here
let's put all the way down for now but
I'd like to say that the the 3d is very
very easy like it immediately your jaw
and you just see it and I don't know if
it's gonna get annoying to be headaches
right away or not I'll stop I'll check
back in with you guys on that but the
interface is awesome it's really easy to
navigate and then they have a lot of
open slots for you to add games and the
applications and whatnot actually they
have a crap-ton I don't know it just
keeps going oh it does end but there's
like you're never gonna fill it up if
you do you deserve like another freed
3ds but rock on I am going to pause and
I'm gonna go play this and I'm gonna let
you guys know how my eyes are after
playing this for a little while I am
psyched alright so I just played
pilotwings for about 25 minutes and my
eyes felt a little funny at first but
that went away and my eyes did not hurt
I didn't get a headache and I didn't get
nauseous or anything so that's good umm
I'm really pressed to the 3d is spot on
like it is insane how easy it is to see
it it's really really crisp and clear
and if it ever is a problem you guys
from the 3d often the system still looks
great um honestly the system it feels
like a handheld Wii which I know it does
not have that much power as a Wii has
not that the Wii is that impressive of a
system when it comes to specs but you
know it it's a really nice adjustable
I'm saying and this isn't a good
showcase of the graphics I've seen some
previews of the Resident Evil games for
it and some other games and this system
can produce some really really good
graphics so I'm excited for that
I'm really ready for you know Mario
titles starfox know all the good stuff
to come out but that doesn't happen yet
so i will be playing whatever in the
meantime and it does play all DS games
so uh that's an awesome library in
itself so rock on if you want a more
info about this go to IGN com that's the
video game son I always use and they
will have all the info you ever wanted
to know about this but a how it's just
to pick it up if you can and if you know
the Internet is really good for those
people that like get on and they're like
what I'm not gonna watch this video
because you're not playing an Xbox so
you're not playing a ps3 and that's
ridiculous don't do that I'm I've always
been a loyal inattendue fan but I'm not
just against any other system I have a
ps3 to play mounted warfare all day and
whatnot but rock on so if you guys can
pick this up do it this is my first
unboxing video so I'm sorry if it was
just awful I might do another one for
like the end GPU and that comes out
because that's looking pretty good too
that is it I'm gonna go there's some
bloopers have the end of this because
I'm an idiot and I'll be back to my
normal antics here soon subscribe or die
here's my face so you know what I look
like
and I'm not gonna talk like anything
that I normally don't talk about how I
don't even know I'm saying look just how
smooth it runs it's it's it's really
nuts it's it's awesome let's just say
it's five more times know if you can
pick this up I Ty Lee let's just text
Andy let's Facebook in and let's let him
screw up on his own because he's good at
that isn't he I will stand by them um
what are you trying to do here what are
you why do I was talking a third person
like this isn't me this is this well
that is me that's so I'm saying that is
me that's not a third you're not I am
