all right Joey are you guys gonna be
quiet we're doing this video okay all
right what's up guys so this is the
first episode of we want revenge season
two and we've been stuck inside indoor
skate parks for the whole winter and we
gotta do a little spring training and
figure out how to skateboard outside so
we are here at Florence outdoor park and
oh boy yeah do ty wonder I got a life
dude you're on Tyler do I know you
you look like you you look I've been
living on the street are you Todd you
know how do you not remember anything
I remember you stealing my car Todd dude
you don't remember anything
okay there you go all right we're all
packed up and ready to get some real
work done today dirt in the trunk put
the shirt in the car why did you give me
the shirt okay oh oh yeah Andy how you
doing no no no stop just did you you
look like a dingo just go go do
something oh yeah I'll just go get all
clean honking yeah dude let's do this
get you traffic tricks someone bill says
let's go tell us why your shirt okay so
I'm filming yours too and it comes in
four goes over
just like a game of Galaga to get
through here oh that that was skill that
was how we roll I good enough Andy
oh I got it right here
yeah oh my god is bored I caught it you
see that I am you see me come on here
you go thank you alright
good catch you can what do you do you
skate a long time you gonna keep skating
good go anyway
surprise Jace was sleeping on the way to
a skate spot like it was us
no dude I had a dream we were all
skating and Tyler was there dude he's
not he's delusional
no Tyler hasn't been here forever ding
ding no dude he was there and we were
shredding yeah right Jase alright so
we're going to find some street spots to
skate at and we'll see how that goes
it's uh actually just as I was about to
say it's been gloomy today the Sun came
out instantly so hopefully we have a
nice day at the skateboard ride let's go
do this we are on the craziest incline
oh we really are alright what's up guys
so like I said we are Street skating and
my dude cardi Smith here say what's up
he has showed us the rail that I had
never even knew about in Cincinnati so
we're gonna try to do some tricks on for
you guys let's do this
I came on board
oh jeez apiece dude dude that is nuts
it's like the altoro of whoa here's the
rail it's great it's longer than I
thought of us and it has bottle Schmidt
a construction dirt roll-up yeah Dallas
back I told you Jase then you didn't
believe her comeback that it yeah I'm
better all right back her for real this
time
holy crap how you doing there your hair
has gotten longer yeah your buddy ain't
killed by this truck no more I'll bail
we go babe I'm opposed to be skating but
I just love you so much I'm just gonna
talk on the phone all day with you
because that's what I just want to do I
don't want to touch you but that's what
I want to do I don't stop okay it's
raining okay it's raining but we're here
at the biggest handrail ever and we got
to work fast because we're gonna get
floated out or it really is the biggest
handrail ever
I was like onto a pebble what this rail
is deaf Rose that's how we don't land
it's good we don't land them clean yeah
oh yeah man do it
great great say it okay so we're skating
the biggest hand around Cincinnati and
this guy comes out he's like hey I'm
wrong with this you know just say it
just say we just got kicked out the big
center of the world
okay so we got no um just a lot of
pressure I don't know where I'm going
though we were going to skate in that
spot right there
got some flip tricks on you but if you
keep rolling along here you see one of
these just when you thought this was
over no we are back at a skate park
filming in the rain that kind of sucks
and Tyler is gonna film a trick what she
normally doesn't do
boom Tyler got the ender Kyle I got the
ender Charlie got the ender Tyler got
the engine I got the ender I always got
the ender and there's rain on the lens
Tyler got the ender all I got the ender
I got the indenter why did I get the in
there
that just happened
are you sure are you sure that you got
the end or now yeah forgot the ender you
give it to Alex Alex buting no this is
in the Africa I did say I got the ender
Alex you shred the after credits you are
just yeah
you
