my name is Travis Robin and you're alive
she's got a whole lot better cue the
intro hey what's up guys this is the
first episode of the TR show this week
we have a question from Jeremy from
Denver
he writes yo TR I know you're probably
busy scoring with chicks and win lots of
money and I'd like to say first off I
like you Jeremy you have an insight that
not many people have I digress
he's yes how do I figure out how to pick
up chicks
please help Jeremy from Denver well
Jeremy not only did you ask the right
person you asked the completely right
person and I'm gonna show you just how
to pick up chicks step 1 contrary to
popular belief there's another place to
meet girls other than Facebook and that
is called real life so say you see a hot
girl right there in public and you think
man I want to talk to that one okay you
have to find a mutual common ground all
right try this one on for size walk up
to her and say hey you look a lot like
my aunt Debbie could that be you and
she's gonna say my name's Karen boom you
got her name take her name put it into
Facebook friend requests predator s
accepting look at her photos and like
every single one you're a player step 2
practice your sweet talking in your
bathroom mirror they do it in movies for
a reason because it works hey baby got
you some flowers
yeah you saw they're fake but not as
fake as my love for you I go back to my
space for you to the perfumer wearing
matches your boobs fantastically not
even Kanye West can interrupt our love
well hey look a ring while you marry and
finally step three when all else fails
reenact the notebook kissing in the rain
scene why didn't you write me I wrote
you
I wrote you five hundred and twenty
seven letters I waited for 14 years grew
this beard got old sexy it wasn't over
it's still not over
oh they're making out girls in the
audience are crying and you're scoring
tonight all right but that's it show is
over I hope those steps help you on your
quest Jeremy if any of you out there in
internet land need some advice and would
like to chance to get featured on this
show go down there and write your
questions in the comment box
I might just pick your question to be
featured on the TR show other than that
I'm signing off and remember it sucks to
be you because you're not me hey look
it's that guy that just made a fool of
himself on the Internet yes that is me
it's kind of funny how this skit came
together though I've been trying to do
some larger projects and larger skits
but they take more than just me to film
a couple of my friends have been
involved with it and we have yet to find
a date that works with all of us and
actually go out and film one of the
bigger skits so the other day I was just
like I was like oh my gosh I've had it
it's been way too long since I've done
the video like that I'm going to trap
myself in my room and I'm going to come
up with something no matter what and
that's what I came up with I had no idea
what I was doing I just got the idea and
ran with it everything you saw in the
video was improv I just kind of went
with it and when I was editing it I had
a big question mark above my head and I
was just like what is happening right
now but usually when I have that
question mark above my head I upload it
anyway and you guys like it so that's
always a good thing right if you guys
did enjoy it go down there and give this
video a thumbs up and if it gets enough
good feedback I will do another one or
two we'll make a little series out of it
and like transfer out and said go down
there and ask a question and if you guys
did like this video I will do another
one and I will use one of your topics
for the next video so that's it I am
done just for kicks I'm going to send
you a link to another one of my videos
that a question mark about my head and
now when I look back at it it's one of
my favorites kiss I ever did so if you
have not seen the first chance McLaren
video go watch that we got to see it
videos coming very soon we got we've got
a lot of stuff come very soon but right
now I'm gonna go clean my room and it's
3:00 in the morning 3:30 in the morning
and I want to go do that
because I don't got time to do anything
anymore I'm just kidding which kid I got
time I got time let's do this let's do
this goodbye
you
