oh that doesn't feel good
well that wasn't me hitting my head but
I still can safely say that that
probably I feel good that was my friend
ray Jones and don't you worry because I
know a lot of people out there getting
all teary eyed like did he died or
whatever you guys say on the Internet
but no he is fine he shrugged it off and
he just kept skating like it didn't
happen
it was it was pretty inspiring I was
like man that guy's pretty tough but he
actually I mean he technically rolled
away ish he stuck it and landed it
really really really sketchy that day so
here's the footage of that so yeah
probably a few guys like no that doesn't
count to people like well yeah it kind
of counts so I don't know I don't really
care but he he kept going that's the
important part of all this and he is one
talented skateboarder actually did a
video of him like a couple months back
of him doing a heel flip manual via flip
and I will link that at the end of this
video but one of my favorite parts from
the footage of this is the gasp you hear
weight hits his head boom yeah see how
good was that I'm gonna start using that
gasp in all of my videos whenever I need
to add more drama I'll be like hey you
kicked my dog hey you stole my wallet
like hey why'd you cook me breakfast it
just goes good with anything so don't be
surprised we hear that gasp a little
more often but I'm gonna go there are
some bloopers the end of this there's a
lot of bloopers into this I think
because I am a grade-a idiot tonight but
stay tuned for some more videos they're
always coming down the turnpike Turnpike
I'm gonna keep going I'm gonna keep
going yeah but I'm gonna keep going in
just a minute that's what i'ma do so
subscribe or die
that was my friend Rach I got a hair my
eyeball jeez a pedes couldn't you just
wait eyelash whatever it is in here I
don't know what I don't know why I did
that
but I'm gonna go so I'm gonna stop
rambling which is good wear shorts look
wears shorts right now and it throws off
my whole vibe for the video I just did a
whole good take
I just did a hold I just did I just
can't talk
you're an idiot hey did you really just
rob my mom of all her sunflower seeds
boom it you can just do it all the time
that last one was stupid why did I say
that all of my videos running to add
more drop an ant ant ant ant ant ant ant
ant ant ant ant ant ant ant ant ant ant
ant ant ant to suck at YouTube speaking
my point is proven I am an idiot and
rock on be prepared for more videos in
the future so rock on
so we rock over time you're dumb you're
dumb
