YouTube what is up guys I'm on a couch
I'm totally capturing I'm on vacation
but I'm still going to give you guys a
Friday video not a message for you it's
a very basic message but I'm what I'm
going to show you guys some raw
skateboarding footage here in a second
but I'm on vacation and I really miss my
skateboard so you guys if you can skate
today go out and skate all right you
know I'll go skateboarding day everyone
like gets on my skateboard we can do
good skate day
they say that and they do it every day
should be no skate day so right now if
you can go out and skateboard I'm gonna
take a drink from my MTV on bottle
it sucks to the Tempe
but yeah what your mind watch is footage
from James Weber and his friends he
filmed it also he's skating in a really
good footage so if you like what you see
here he is a channel right down below
but watch this get hyped check it out if
you like it and go skateboard and I'm
gonna go in to dinner because that's
what I'm doing next so enjoy here's my
knee
you
you stayed around for the bonus clip so
you get the story okay look at this this
right here
is it injury or it used to be an injury
it's kind of like healing up now looks
way worse than the footage so what
happened okay I was skating to Temple in
Temple High School
I think it's High School in LA like a
couple weeks ago and I had a big book
bag and I was taking out turning okay
turning on my skateboard and I lost my
balance which is okay because I could
regain my balance but at the same time I
lost my balance I hit some rumble strips
gave me the spiky ball things on the
edge of a on the edge of the sidewalks
to blind people know that there's a road
about that when I get those and fell off
flew eight feet thought was going on my
face I didn't I somehow turned landed
crunch my book bag and then twisted I
lay on my shoulder and I was grinding
like if this is the ground I was like ah
it was a hard fall okay and um yeah I
came to a stop and it sucked
it was like one of the hardest landing
in a long time I wasn't even doing a
trick that's it you guys got that story
I camp skating it was fine didn't hold
me back but I've got this big every time
seems to me use my shoulder the quote to
tell me that story so now you know it
now we gonna be dinner we're going to
like a like a beach sunset place even
though the Sun is already set it's like
a beach it's called the sunset bar and
it's like it's a restaurant but I'm
gonna go in there I'm going to say
welcome to the night sky I'm leaving
goodbye
