all right so our whole lives we've been
getting screwed over by drive-thru
places speaking to us through speakers
you know we can't understand what
they're saying ever and I've had enough
I am going to get revenge I'm going to
be huge
I'm gonna speak their own language let's
do this yeah could I get a UH the dough
she's there but all the dough cheese
videos for ten dollars and one of the
one that's one dollar
oh how you doing oh okay we're gonna get
you oh did I get you go through the
golden over the top yeah oh um what I'm
having a hard time hearing yeah oh I
know I just said do you guys still have
the Grande meals with Alba tacos yeah we
do
okay can I mix and match those I want to
okay with your mom my speaker Russian if
I get a double sack how much would be
bacon time what you think um with the
double stack if I add bacon to it how
much on the cost you can get do business
with bacon for City sing four pieces
four dollars uh-huh
um okay yeah I'll do that I'll just
all-out it would you like to pieces for
pretty fit or four feet four minutes
can you come to the first one uh please
yeah sure yeah don't you just want
but that was not going to ds9 knesset
yeah yeah yeah there's some around your
speaker no system I use to classic
speaker Oh me I got started
oh actually I have a lot of magnets oh
no matter phones
my friends here hey guys what's going on
um so yeah we went out filming this
video the other day and it didn't really
turn out as fantastic as we thought it
would be and I wasn't gonna upload it
but I was like you know what what the
heck I'll just I'll throw it up there
because at least two people out there
gonna be entertained by it so yeah I
threw it up but do not fear I am working
on some real public pranks videos I
think the next one up is going to be
falling skateboarder 3 and and then I'll
probably work on cakes to the face too
and I also have a fresh idea a new
public pranks video that I hope to be
working on um so hopefully within the
next month or month and a half and see
funky board 3 so go down there give this
video a thumbs up if you feel me on that
but on that I'm gonna go I've got to
work all weekend this weekend so and
that sucks is what I'm really trying to
say but it's what I got to do to get by
so I'm gonna keep doing it but you guys
have a good time in the meantime and I
will see you in the future I'm gonna
make a grand escape right here boom I
just disappeared
goodbye
see I try to give away food and it fails
you don't want to I don't I just ate
hold it
I see you have to get random people what
you do this what do I do it your skin
it's your job your skin this is after
party you get to do this drinks not food
I'm sure your cells on the bar walkway
okay you want your food good now
we literally just daily like are you
recording this according John Stevenson
why me why would you not record outside
support yeah exactly
you
