youtube what's up guys so you might be
wondering hey why isn't a knee moving
his lips right now and that's because
I'm communicating to you telepathically
I am using my mind to talk to you yeah I
have that superpower and that was a
pretty stupid intro but that's all I
came up with so I'm sorry this is an
update video if you don't want to sit
and watch this ding ding talk about
stuff then by all means do not watch
this go watch Charlie Sheen eat a
cheeseburger and get interrupted by
Kanye West or something if you do want
to listen to this guy well then you're
in the right place I have a list I
usually I make peace and then I just
throw them out but this time you know
what I'm actually gonna use it cuz it's
a pretty good look how organized this is
that's good right I've been getting a
lot of questions ever since i did my
preview on my novel if you guys missed
that you were able to read the first 20
pages of my book that i'm working on
getting published you can go back and
check my videos it's in there but i got
a lot of awesome feedback from you guys
when you guys read that and thank you i
appreciate it all it was really great to
hear on that but a lot I've been getting
a lot of questions since then like hey
man where can i buy this where winds are
coming out if you watch that video you
know that it's not coming out for a
while I am just going to start getting
it working on getting it published later
this year and the publishing industry
works in slow mo if I haven't got a deal
by the end of next year I'm gonna
publish it myself like I'll just pay the
money and i'll sell it on the internet
and no matter where you live you will be
able to buy the book i'll make it
possible to get it shipped worldwide so
hang in there i'm sorry you know you're
not going to be able to get any more
info on the book for a little while but
as soon as i get info i will tell you
guys where Margo and another thing is
the revenge TV show a few of you guys
have been asking here and there
unfortunately we were not able to get a
jump start on that as soon as we'd like
we were planning on filming the pilot
for the TV show this month but
scheduling and money and this hasn't
came together as fast as we need it to
and we're gonna film either next month
or May but I assure you it is in the
works i feel really good about this i
feel like you know with this TV show
since we got you guys watching already
and we're gonna have a pilot ready we
have we're a step above the normal
person that's going to pitch a TV show
to a network so i feel really good about
it and as soon as it gets done in a suit
it is we have information on what's
going on with it I promise you once
again I'll let you guys know but right
now I got nothing so I'm sorry you can
pause on asking me questions about it
for a little while but that doesn't mean
there's nothing happening in the revenge
world there's actually quite a few cool
things going on we are working on
getting products and when we get some
more products in here shirts and maybe
some more we'll have it on an online
store and i will give you guys a video
letting you know it most likely will be
a worldwide because i know i get a lot
of questions so if you don't ask like
hey I live in Zimbabwe can i buy 1 i'm
not sure just yet but we're gonna aim
for it and we just started working on we
are revenge season two we went out
yesterday and filmed half of an episode
so it's in the works and the boys are
back in time town I can't believe I said
that phrase to begin with let's just
keep going alright so at least one of
you guys out there is just like come on
Andy tell me what videos are coming out
because I need to know and I'm gonna
answer you whoever you know Jim or Sarah
whatever whoever just asked that I have
a quick prank video that I film the
other day it didn't it's not a full
public pranks video so don't get too
excited but we had an idea for we just
went out and filmed it on the whim and
it didn't come out as cool as I thought
it was but you know a few of you guys
are going to be entertained by it so I'm
going to put that up this weekend and uh
we are benj season two like I just said
is going to start up within a week or
two and James for died to push back I
was supposed to do it last month but for
reasons that I'm not gonna get into I
couldn't do it um I know I keep saying
skits are coming but I promise skits are
really coming i actually do Nick and I
have been talking about some stuff and
we just need to go do it it's going to
happen I promise um oh yeah here's the
big announcement I have a second channel
and no i'm not going to be one of those
people that have a second channel to
just do the same stuff on a different
page that doesn't make sense to me but i
am going to start actively using my blog
like i mentioned in a recent video and I
need a place where i can upload random
videos I'm going to use in my blog
sounds like well just make a second
channel I can just put up like you know
there's no rules doesn't have to
entertain to the fullest extent like I
try to do on this channel it can just be
whatever so if you want to do if you
want to subscribe to my second channel
we're going to see a little more bonus
clips here in there i'll put a link down
there it's pretty simple it's instead of
andrew schrock it's andy schrock so go
subscribe to it for sure if you want to
see
even more randomness from me and that
would be pretty cool and if you don't
then I'll probably you know I'll
probably find your house and eget just
kidding I would never actually egged
house yeah I've never nagged a house
it's not really my style but I'm see you
should probably subscribe to it with
that said do I got anything more on this
list no that's it there's some bloopers
the end of this and I hope you guys have
it rocking march so far good freaking by
subscribe or die I just my that didn't
rhyme but I'm not gonna cry because I'm
gonna go later Diderot ha
and you don't want at least I don't know
what just happened cannot say what just
yet but you may just see some products
that's kind of like telling them what it
is I can't tell you what my name is but
it's andy that's your idiot you're an
idiot you're an idiot you're an idiot
and you are all idiots even this guy
wants tore up and going right away my
canossian she's my frickin nose ditches
shut wherever you are meowing please be
quiet it's like long-distance meowing
today usually the right here I guess I
should be thankful for that even though
it's not thanksgiving but i am because
i'm a good dude that just tried to be a
good dude that's thankful on days that
aren't thanksgiving it's like I love on
days that aren't Valentine's Day what's
with all these holidays I'm leaving
