how was it feels really good I don't
have any breath right now I don't even
have breath to be out of breath right
now cuz it's a hundred and seven degrees
outside all right I'm done I'll anything
for the camera YouTube's what's up guys
so this was actually filmed at the end
of last summer but I held on to it
because we're working on a full length
video usually but we get a good trick we
we'd save it for the video but let's
just say when the video comes out that
trick is gonna be done on a bigger
obstacle so I felt safe on letting this
one go but go down there and give it a
thumbs up if you support the revealing
of secret footage I think I'm gonna get
with Alex and see if he wants to let a
couple tricks go to keep you guys you
remind you guys that we are doing some
good tricks while we're filming all
these videos um but what am I trying to
say here yeah I don't know what I say
but i am not the type of guy to say like
yeah the best dude look at this but i
have never seen anyone do this trick now
i'm not claiming to be the first person
to ever do this because you know they
shred it pretty hard back in the old
school days but if you guys have any
footage of this trick post this as a
video response because i would love to
see another copy of this um that's it
i'm i'm gonna get out of here before
this cat starts driving me crazy so
subscribe or die all 911 because you
just died yeah that was actually stupid
all right good bye guys
but do I feel like I'm just not as much
energy all right oh why don't I just
grabbed the throat gosh I was gonna use
I was getting all right I got a little
upset there and I'm sorry I was gonna
use this to do something weird I don't
even know what I was gonna do so I'm not
gonna do anything but I'm gonna break it
