YouTube what's up guys actually I know
what's up and that is bad news I thought
that I could have Andy Wars videos on my
site as long as I disabled on my site
YouTube what's up guys
so actually unfortunately I know it's up
and it's bad news I thought that I could
have Andy Wars videos on my channel as
long as I disabled ads because there are
some copyrighted songs on there that I
don't own I was like alright well as
long as I just say the lads I should be
good well no I did some research and as
a YouTube partner if you do not know
what a YouTube partner is go do some
research yourself because I'm not gonna
explain to a million people what it is
I'm sorry but as a YouTube partner I
can't have any copyrighted material on
my channel even if it doesn't have ads
on it so I'd leave it on videos because
I don't want to get my account suspended
or anything and I'd leave with all the
two videos you know the anywhere videos
but fear not I am gonna let you guys
watch it anyway I put it on a random
account and then I put it on my blog
there'll be a link right down there I
think I'm gonna start using my blog so
if you there's a way to subscribe to it
when you get there go do it if not just
check it once a while I don't know but
I'm gonna be a geek like that I'm having
a blog that is pretty geeky but either
way I have a blog now go use it and
that's it that's all I wanted to tell
you go watch any worse three there's a
link right down there and if you want to
leave me some feedback you can come back
to this video and leave a comment or you
can go to my official Facebook there's a
link for that down there and if you
don't know that yeah go joy and yours
three oh you know what I'm just gonna
let me give you some more information
we're actually gonna film Andy Wars one
and in a month within the next month or
so you know it started anywhere - then
there was Andy Wars 3 and we're gonna go
back and film Andy Wars 1 we're gonna
bring it back it has been a long time
since I did these hits but finally I'm
gonna get it done and I am gonna make
that without with you know material that
I own completely so it will be on this
channel I'm gonna stop talking and for
all you people have been saying Andy you
don't stay subscribed anymore well this
is for you guys subscribe or die
that I could upload ante Wars shut up
this is how you get rid of cat yeah yeah
lasers all the way over there go hang
out there for 10 minutes chisel Pete's
everytime every single time I record the
video she's here meowing no you get back
you get back you go over there
yeah whoa I don't I don't even have to
say anyone you want to be a movie star
what why are you obsessed with it it's
like when I'm talking about room she
doesn't do this but if I'm talking to
you guys she comes right over here
