all right what's up guys so I put the
other day respect a lot of me in this
video find a way to make myself and
that's his way to London that's why have
enzymes like
because popery
fiber day you break from the skatepark
oh wow I really broke it all right get
me shit
how to take it is about
imma fuck to the game that's
let me say that stroke
dude that was butter yeah that was like
I was like I can't believe it's not
butter you do do you hear that YouTube
he feel comfortable and then everyone's
blaming everything come on what do you
guys got honey here let me sit there I
did I should that word again I was
leaning in for landing it jerk hi you
hit a dude that was so good you don't
watch it youtube what's up guys so there
are some new faces in this video Kyle
pro skater who is actually not a pro
skater he's he's what I alex's friends
he's all of her friends now but he came
with Alex one night and he hadn't skated
in years and he wasn't really doing
anything then all sudden two sessions
later he's like bored slot in the rail
notice on the ledge and I just made a
joke I was like man at this rate he's
gonna be like on the cover Thrasher next
month so that's where he got his name
Kyle pro skater and then Chris Bell who
is a young guy from here in Cincinnati
he some of the skate park had a really
positive energy which was really cool to
see because too many too often you see
kids the skate park i doing amazing
tricks and they don't like smile there's
looking oh that's right my freaking I
just I just hard flip knows granted that
so uh yeah I saw him I was like man
that's really cool to see you're really
good won't you film some tricks for us
so that's where he came from I'm watch
out for him because if he keeps at it
he's going to be taking over the room
some damn sure but see that's it I oh
there's a new edit going up on West's
channel if you guys do not know about
what's channel stay tuned to the end of
this video or down there you can get a
link to it and I'm gonna put that video
up real soon like after I get this video
up so yeah that's it I'm gonna stop
talking next week we're going to begin
working on we were avenge season two so
be psyched on that I'm gonna go and you
know what since my cat is always meowing
I'm trying to fill these videos I'm
gonna play with my cat with laser
pointer because that's not you know this
that's because that's because
you
oh did it have a specific
