youtube what's up guys and that is
totally the way I'm going to start intro
of my videos i'm just gonna punch you
guys right in the fridge and face in a
good way alright so this is a pretty
specific video guys this is a video
about the first book I ever wrote I've
written four books but the first one I
plan on getting published within a year
or two and I've mentioned it during
various videos over the past year and
I've had a lot of questions about it
well not only are you going to get some
info in this video about my book but
you're going to get the chance to read
the first 20 pages if you want to yeah
big deal even ninja think so because
she's been meowing and you oh my gosh
alright so the general gist of my book
is no secret it is a coming-of-age story
and it's basically not basically it is
my story growing up it starts out
telling how i got into skateboarding and
then it goes throughout all the high
school years life as a skateboarder it
deals with you know girl drama like
relationships and deals with the party
life but the main theme is just
struggling with being different you know
feeling like you're just not like
everyone else and then that's not always
a bad thing you know like I'm definitely
different but I love how I am so but it
has some really good themes and if you
are not a skateboarder you will still
like this book and if you're human at
all you were relate to it in some way
when I wrote it I wrote it for myself I
was in a really dark time in my life and
it just so happens I started reading
Harry Potter randomly at the same time
and like that kind of like sucked me out
of it like I got really into harry
potter and I was like you know what i
want to write so of course i just went
through all the stuff so i sat down very
first thing I wrote in my entire life
even in high school I don't really write
papers like it just didn't happen so I
sat down and just as I was like all
right I'll be a writer so I wrote this
book and I showed it to a few my friends
and they were they they loved it there
like this is this is great stuff and II
like you really need to work you really
need to do this and they passed to a few
other people and then I had people at
that I didn't even know asking me to
read the book and within the first like
two or three months after writing it
probably about 40 people I'd read it and
you know for like a 300 page book that's
that's a pretty good amount of people
but it's funny though a lot of non
readers have
the book and like they'll just read it
within like three days like then just
like won't stop reading it so you know
I've got some great feedback when I see
things like that when I see people just
tear through the book like I know I know
I'm doing on the right track as I'm
trying to say but yeah so I'm going to
let you guys see a preview of this book
i have a blog that I started just for
this down below there's a link to it and
there's the first 20 pages the first 20
pages are actually pretty skate heavy
it's like it just goes right into the
how I got into skateboarding and uh and
it's that in ninety five percent of the
book is based on not based on or actual
events like it's like dead on so but you
want to try to say is that the first 20
pages are really skate heavy and if
you're not a skateboarder and you're
like all this is just all skateboarding
the book is not like that get a chance
when it actually comes out but I want
you guys feedback I've been babbling now
let me know if I'm making sense here but
uh I want you guys feedback so if you do
go read those 20 pages I know it's not
easy to sit on the computer and read
that much but if you do read the 20
pages come back here or go to my
facebook which I'll link my official
Facebook down there as well and give us
a feedback tell me what you think I
actually released the 20 pages on my
facebook earlier like two days ago and I
got some pretty good feedback there but
uh yeah let's just stop trying to
thought let's just stop the video and
get an incoming call from unknown
alright sorry that was actually a prank
call and I think was Chrissy from work
that's right I'm calling you out here on
the internet but back to the video yes
if you do me the honor please read those
20 pages the link is down below but if
you do read them please leave us some
feedback come back to this video and
leave a comment or go to buy facebook
like I said that'd be great love to hear
what you guys think oh and I almost
forgot FYI if all goes as planned I plan
on trying to get in touch with some
publishing houses and or agents later
this year so hopefully you'll see this
book published in 2012 if the world's
still here whatever but yeah that's
that's my goal and I just I've been
sitting on it long enough that i am
going to finally later this year
get it published and if I the end of
2012 if I'm coming up with nothing I'll
just publish myself so I promise you
this book is going to be published one
day that's it I'm done I'm finally
double this video geez repeats have been
having trouble there are some bloopers
the end and expect some skate footage
this weekend and then next week we'll
have some more Andy words for you
probably if you want not a lot of people
actually watch that video but if you did
then that so if you didn't go watch andy
Wars this one trying to say alright
whatever i'm done i can't i can't talk
i'm just going to give up on talking
forever I'm done I'm done talking
subscribe or die goodbye
because you should be excited all right
whatever i'm just going to keep doing
this this is one of those videos i'm
just going to talk and i'm not going to
worry about redoing it I probably should
redo this there's nothing to do with
this book you can still enjoy that does
have some have this book you are dumb
Andy you got just two ping finger you
got two big figures is that what I said
here what's happening on the screen
right now what happened that was a
glitch did you guys see that end up shut
up you did not see a thing
