any guy who yeah yeah I kick skateboards
we don't skate for fun man we skate for
cleanliness that wasn't clean let's do
it again coming up with that trick hell
my fridge for my mom
that was close we are spider-man
you
youtube's what's up guys so a lot of you
guys might be saying what in the heck
Andy West only had one trick in that
video and that is a funny story actually
we had two sessions one and ollies and
one at sessions I mean local they change
their name recently and I'm forever
going to call it sessions but all right
so one in all a skate park and one a
local skatepark the moment we got to
ollies he was doing a lip slide on the
orange barrier we were scanning and it
just tracked right in half like like it
blew apart so he filmed for the rest of
the session at that time and then add
sessions I mean local gzel piece I can't
get that damn right and local he he well
I don't know what he was doing but all
son within the first five minutes he had
cracked a brand new nose off of his deck
so he skated it anyway and he got that
crooked grind and then he actually
landed a really really good trick for
his part which yeah is if it's if it's a
if it's a skate park footage and he's
gonna save for his part it's pretty
pretty rockin so yeah you will see that
eventually when we released our
feature-length skate video hopefully
later this year but um that's the story
with that and we had a lot of fun those
sessions go my gosh local local skate
park was very refreshing we've been
skating alleys all winter so we went
there and we had a really good time so
we might go back there this week who
knows uh but I hope you guys like it and
um dear X key read
and papers I was kidding about the phone
thing I skate for fun you me skate do we
actually do I'll do we all do we all
scared
wow you hear that dude OH get that close
man you can see all my imperfections
come on HD buddy
