hey what's up YouTube so I do a lot of
talking in my videos and sometimes I
mess up and actually sometimes I just
act like an idiot for no reason so here
is the funniest bloopers montage 3 yeah
might as well do a video right in this
video is something I've shot probably I
can't pick a free talk what's that word
I'm freaking looking for fun our
revenues archives archives did
themselves are start with a name
I want to grab a cooking spoon and throw
it at a mill chair sometimes that could
be but this one is going to be slipped I
can't do it now I'm just like like an
idiot trying to recreate it alright
thank you know get some feedback from
you because I think we are avenged I
think I need to start over and just say
things that work haha like life and at
this point in my life if that makes
sense that does make sense and it's
English they know what that means I'm
gonna I swear if I'm making these videos
I'm gonna develop a split personality
okay like come back to me in a year and
I'm gonna be me myself and Irene - the
Irene unless I know what Irene that I
might be me myself and Irene done that
continue though
if I was a robot make so much more sense
wouldn't it it would make myself view
myself as more sense that doesn't make
sense so I'm definitely a robot like I'm
super serious subject playing in the
snow is never gonna be one of the very
big baby prepare let's do that again
look it's like I'm right here because
see me right here on the computer on the
screen I'm gonna push herself I'm gonna
flip myself on the shoulder
ah the freaking heart dude oh okay oh
okay okay okay okay I'm
okay okay okay
oh well thought out skits you're gonna
have a net how do you have a
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba that's not a video that's
not that's not portray words to them
stuttering does not work that should be
a shirt stuttering does not work oh well
then people that stutter would probably
be offended I'm sorry I'm sorry Fran
what stutters because I stutter but I
you know I don't really have a problem
do I do it because I just get carried
away I'm sorry five event if I I'm gonna
stop talking I'm gonna stop freaking
talking but inevitably we broke up but
if Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam that just
shows you how much I can go from super
serious so woah and these twelve years
old
there's more than one comments when you
stop playing around the metal chair epic
catfight much you guys hear that just
sayin what am I saying I don't know what
you're saying I wanna know you're saying
if I'm not saying anything that was not
necessary but it was kind of necessary
no I'm saying I mean to be ridicule
about the scrutinizing agony that it
might be necessary you have no idea what
just happened
I don't either following on YouTube and
I hope it helps but if this is that one
of these said hope it helps and he said
at the end hold on you say but I don't I
don't think I can even begin to explain
what was going through my head when I
said them whoa
wow that was not that was something else
wasn't it I like hit a button on my
tripod I was like girl Hannah meow that
was appropriate thank you that that's
what they needed they needed to hear me
out after me talking yeah that's what I
thought you just shut up
hey I'll wear this because that's how
guys do things you know what we don't we
don't think about wearing things we just
wear them
I went there I went there I went there I
went there I went there I need a haircut
oh yeah I did haircut oh yeah spinning
in my chair I'm spinning in my chair cuz
I need a haircut I'm spinning in my
chair and it's not fair
