it's kind of creepy sitting there
watching me well my my computer jeez
all right since you're here might as
well do a video right and this is a
video that I should have done a long
time ago probably but I never got around
to it so I'm finally doing it now you
know the song at the end of my videos
the Dan and did it add in and didn't
well I get asked about that a lot
they're like who is it you know what
song is that and it's me and I'm going
to let you listen to a large portion of
that song in this video it's actually
it's unfinished so you're not gonna get
to hear the whole thing because we're
still writing it actually I wrote the
entire song except for the drums I wrote
the guitar the bass and the vocals and
lyrics my friend Mike who was helping me
recorded in his studio he rode the drums
and he was help me put it on together
but we never finished the project which
is why you're only going to hear part of
the song and the vocals there they're a
little bit grungier we were
experimenting with different sounds and
they're little bit grungy er than I'd
like them to turn out so don't really
pay attention that so much but yeah I'm
going to show up I will tell you a
little bit more about at the after you
hear it's and I'm gonna put some
pictures with it so you're not staring
at a black screen without further ado
here is the song you have been hearing
for a long time
cake
sex beats our wedding
I took my shoes
six weeks our wedding cake
tensions breaking and my mind my sky
create on all past times the broken soul
that you once knew was falling into
something the touch is breaking in mind
by my eyes got green on all bad sides
the broken soul that you are too is
falling and to something oh you guys
back alright yeah alright so that's the
song yeah I plan on redoing that whole
song basically starting from scratch I
want to do different style vocals on it
I want to change the lyrics I want to
rework the chorus entirely so I and I
hope to do that within the next couple
months
you know maybe three months I got to get
with my friend Mike to you know start
the project over again but when I do
that I will have it for download I'll
have it online of course and you guys
will be able to hear the finished
product so yeah that's cool that's it
that's done I'm done and there's some
bloopers the end of this because I'm an
idiot and if you like this I have
another song that we work on like I like
a demo version of it if you want to hear
that I can do another style video like
this so go down there and give it a
thumbs up if you want to hear my second
song and that's it my gosh I'm gonna I'm
gonna I'm going to put this online and
then I'm going to relax before I go to
bed I'm gonna go to Netflix Netflix is a
great thing so rock on talk to later
guys not going to stare at you not gonna
stare you I'm saying goodbye okay no not
after what we've been through I'm gonna
remember that goodbye
I'm guys I'm psyched I'm still
psyched when you guys alright subscribe
or what was the line again
the final song but I'm gonna shut up I'm
gonna come on this is like a minute and
a half I'm gonna redo this how about
that because I'll you know if you have
you haven't have ab yet yeah yeah
something I've shot probably I can't
picked up can't we talk every frickin
time they do this
ninja speak cool
I like this like train my cat haven't I
ninja do you like apples ninja do you
like apples
I'm not giving you one now
