hey whats up guys so I have story for
you another day I was just walking down
the sidewalk being a normal person
eating a soda and the church just jumps
out at me and says hey kid I know you
you got videos on the internet but you
can't make a video with a cell phone and
I was like mmm yeah right I'll take that
challenge man my first idea for a video
was simple I'm a dude and water dudes
good at that's right breaking things
whether that be a relationship or an
original xbox and it just so happens
that original xboxes are pretty durable
then I got a crazy idea to do a
different type of video to go out in
public and hand out dollar bills to
strangers dollars today Chicago
seriously care of my dog dog smelling
work not really
back then
inning of dollars
as a phone
via the video you are in the video dude
where you putting it say what up YouTube
hi well cool it turns out that no one
cares about a free dollar bill in this
road anymore so I was stumped I didn't
know what to do but i SAT there long
enough and it hit me like a punch to the
face what does everyone want to see on
internet that's right skateboarding and
kittens and boom there you have it that
was my video filmed on a cell phone the
moral of all this is if you ever
confront of my wrench into the street
who gives you nothing a film a video
with a cell phone show him skateboarder
and kittens because it works every time
works on you works on them works on me
every time kittens of skateboarding
peace and the middle is oh yeah
