it cuts okey then seems okay
yes Oh me
it's all Keshawn to keep me
and
g-girl water
open the TV
for sure
on glass
on the edge
cuts of meat men seem so clean
only
it's all G strong
sleepy the cause
taking it through
yes we did all to you
hope in the past
so deep many
call me it's you tonight
sure glad I did it one more time though
right is that ok I don't know let's
sleep let's just leave ok Merry
Christmas youtube what's up guys so yeah
I've known I was going to do this video
for a while that was a the best of the
best skate park footage of the last year
year and a half and you know I've known
that I was going to do a skate park
video part so i finally got it done it
kind of sucks because i have to be at
work in 45 minutes and i had this whole
video edited and ready to go at least in
skating part and then i figured out i
did not have the rights to the song i
was using and it was all gosh and it
bums me out so much because it worked I
mean your faces would have been melted
clear into last year that doesn't really
make sense but honestly it was it was so
so good and I figured out I couldn't use
it because I thought was my friends beat
and it really wasn't he had remix it
from somebody else I was like her so I
ended up using one of my uncle's songs
that's my uncle singing and playing
guitar and everything he's a classic
rock musician he's pretty pretty good
but you know I think it came out ok so i
hope you guys enjoyed it and I'm gonna
I'm gonna get to work I'm gonna get
ready I'm gonna get this on youtube and
I'm gonna get to work and I'm off for
three days which is good because it is
call of duty double points weekend and
you know that I'm playing that hopefully
last night i was sat down to play it
like the first match the power goes out
and I was unhappy about that but I'm
gonna stop telling you pointless stuff
and I'm going to go watch out from her
some more videos and if you don't stop
meowing you will never get to play with
this laser pointer ever again alright so
talk to you guys later subscribe or boom
get laser pointed by oh freakin fell in
the Kinner box the heck is a kidder box
litter box whatever goodbye
hey look guys you got to the end of the
video so I'm going to show you some
footage that you probably haven't seen
this is some old skateboard footage with
me with hair that I never should have
had right isn't that right yeah and
enjoy a greasy she hates my hair in this
this footage
I would tell you go check out my uncle's
music but he doesn't have a website or
anything for it but so enjoy it while
you can I'm actually used actually i
ramble I rabble red wine on time to go
to work I'm Cinderella don't count out
meow you gotta dl now you're not gonna
be out now
you
