look look down here oh my gosh oh my
gosh what you gonna do what are you
gonna do what you gonna do go get it go
get it go get it yeah all right so I'm a
little behind in times but I just
discovered how fantastic a laser pointer
is with a cat and ninja especially at
this site I really wish I would have had
a camera on her the first time I ever
used it because she was like insanity an
hour after stopping you like playing
with her she was just sitting in the
middle of my room looking around
everywhere like where the heck isn't
gonna appear it like has changed her
life but the second I saw her play with
it I was like I got to make a video of
this this is like the best thing in the
world so I hope you guys enjoyed it
that's really all the reason I'm talking
here to talk about what you just saw but
I'm gonna go to work and that sucks yeah
right you know I'm talking to YouTube
sent me out your meow and just like you
do every single video right my gosh is
saying her she's like she like has an
aspiring dream to be on YouTube or
something because she always talks as
you guys know but I'm gonna go I'm gonna
go to work and be thankful that you were
watching this video instead of being at
work unless you're watching this video
at work and be thankful that you're
being able to watch YouTube at work but
I'm gonna go guys
laser pointer hope I didn't break that
goodbye boo
and I know I'm not oh I hit the computer
did not mean to throw this on the a my
computer screen why did I actually act
surprised by that I mean I chucked that
I randomly chucked this like it's kind
of hard to miss the computer
I wasn't thinking guys I wasn't even
wasn't even wasn't even wasn't he wasn't
even wasn't even
