so january is over and no no yes January
is over but what I'm trying to what I'm
complaining about is that i'm really
excited about january being over it's
one less month of winter by the way i
just said it was not grand enough you
know it wasn't like a nice punch to the
face in a good way so let me just try
this again I'm gonna make it more epic
okay alright guys so Jay where is over I
was way better besides the fact that I
just look like a shing ding but whatever
let's get this video started as always
I'm gonna give you a warning that this
is a talking video so if you don't want
to sit there and watch me talk don't
want you go text your girlfriend or
boyfriend whatever you got I just don't
watch me but you know what if you are
still watching you probably do want to
watch me so sit tight and let the
rambling and goofing off begin actually
speaking of girlfriends guess who
doesn't have a girlfriend bum that's
right this guy uh I recently broke up
with my girlfriend and last time I broke
up with my girlfriend I was I've did
some heartbreaking video about love well
you know I'm glad I did that video you
know I hope it helps some people but I'm
not gonna do it this time I'm just gonna
talk a little bit about it here so uh
yeah I broke up with her and the reason
I broke up with her is because I was
sitting on my lunch break eating a
sandwich all right and then at a thin
air boom a future me appears like
dressed in red and had some sweet
sunglasses you know that's that's how I
knew that it was a legit future Andy cuz
i saw the glass cells and those are
futuristic man so I was like dude why
are you here and he was like come on
Andy what he what he's sitting here
eating a sandwich for you need to be
single you need to be single and you
need to be changed the world all three
of those things and I was like you know
what you're right especially about the
second one and the third one so I was
like all right I threw my sandwich down
and I broke up with her I'm just kidding
that was that's completely that was a
that was a trick that wasn't real how it
happened at all the real reason is
personal and I'm not gonna talk about
here on youtube so once you just back
off nosies did I just say no Z's who
says that is that a word all right I'm
sorry that story was a little bit
unnecessary but I'm okay with my breakup
honestly you guys don't have to worry
about me I'm I wanted it to happen I'm
the one to do it you know there's no
hard feelings penis like I love the girl
still I just I did it for some personal
reasons and the reason I'm telling you
all this is because I spent a lot of
time with my
girlfriend and now that we're not
together i'm going to have a lot lot
more time to work on videos in general
so i want to get straight to work on
more well thought-out skits that I used
to do I'm gonna have more time to skate
for myself I'm gonna have more skate
videos you know it's gonna be it's just
gonna be better for all of us so you
know my YouTube audience probably is a
little bit site that I broke up with my
girlfriend I mean you guys can be sad
but you know should be site to the same
time because I got more stuff heading
your way which brings me to my next part
on my my segment here i have a little
list to brainstorm for this video James
Ford yes James Ford the bad news guy a
little bit of history about this video
it was the first skit here on YouTube
that I did that I put a lot of
brainstorming in I got planned ahead for
all of it and I thought it was gonna do
really well on the internet I mean it
got good feedback everyone liked it but
not a lot of people clicked on the video
to watch it so if you haven't seen it
there'll be a link at the end of this
video and there'll be a link down there
but after so long that about me talking
about doing it I'm finally gonna do a
sequel to this video so in February
watch out for a James Ford too we're
gonna be with I'm gonna work with nick
mitchell on it who's been in my other
skits and we're really excited to get
this done so be ready for and I hope you
guys laugh and share the video with your
friends and your aunts and uncles never
and every and their friends and like and
their pets everyone I'm just kidding you
don't got to do it but I hope you like
it but I'm gonna start toning this video
down some videos you can watch out for
the next week or two I have a cat video
coming out because everyone wants the
adorable cat footage and don't worry
it's gonna be cute and then I have skate
videos weekly don't you don't got to
worry about that actually I think about
doing a park edit of all my footage from
all my skate park footage from the last
year i think i'm gonna make an edit with
that and then I'm gonna do a funniest
Bluebird montage 3 because i think i
have enough random idiot pneus from this
guy saved up but if you guys want to
make a suggestion you could always you
know leave your suggestions on what
videos you want to see down below and
don't bother asking for we want revenge
because I do we are avenged videos as
much as I possibly can and the weather
probably not allow us to do that you'll
get a you know you get the revenge cure
the skate parks but until gets warmer
out I'm sorry I can't give you
revenge this yet um that's about it
though I have actually I have a shout
out i was talking some dude online and
he's he's a pretty nice guy and i'm with
his channel and he had skate videos and
he had a mario video and I was like I'm
sold so go check out his channel BAM
Richie Richie Richie one two three he's
pretty good dude and subscribe to him if
you like and keep in mind guys I don't
just give shoutouts I do it you know
like because I want to so unfortunately
get too many requests asking for
shoutouts don't bother saying hey give
me one too because I have to sit out
what I'm sorry um but yeah that's it
that oh my gosh that's what I have to
deal with all the time and they do every
single freaking video me me me out
exactly my point shush but alright I'm
done I'm done I'm done subscribe or
the best thing to do is just ignore them
clearly that's the best thing to do shut
up please oh ya you look all cute try
and make me feel bad for yelling yeah
but you do it oh my gosh you do it oh my
gosh fast while you're sitting here
watching me um is my cell phone oh okay
all oh ok ok ok ok ok ok ok and actually
speaking about girlfriends what the hell
is that but outskirts you're gonna
haven't it no but I how do you have a ba
ba ba ba ba that's not a video that's
not that's not portray words to them
stuttering does not work that should be
a shirt stuttering does not work oh well
then people that stutter would probably
be offended I'm sorry I'm sorry for a
more the stutters because I stutter but
I you know I don't really have a problem
do I do it because I just get carried
away I'm sorry fire event if I I'm gonna
stop talking I'm gonna stop freaking
talking
