hey what's up guys so I get asked a lot
on how to get views and subscribers on
YouTube actually specifically i get
messages saying i do not have views and
subscribers will you please help me get
some so unfortunately I cannot help each
individual person out with that problem
because I would be I would never get
anything done with my life but I am
going to make this video right here on
some tips and pointers on how to gain a
following on youtube so if that's not
something you're interested in don't
watch this go watch that a magic radio
voice guy because that is entertainment
right there but if you are interested
then hang tight and let the tips and
pointers begin alright my first tip on
how to get a bigger following on YouTube
is hands down the most important one and
that is be different make sure you put
your own touch on whatever you're doing
okay when I started really work on this
channel I knew I was going to be doing a
lot of skate videos and I was like well
I'm not gonna go like really far just to
escape it Islam because I am NOT Jamie
Thomas or tony hawk or you know whatever
pro skater you want a name so I added my
personality to videos you know in in the
middle of skating I would like just have
some goof around stuff and at the end of
the videos no matter what it was I
always had a little talking part and I
still do that I wanted people to connect
my face with the content the video so
it's like oh that's that dude you know
and it worked out real well for me I do
get some people saying hey let's talk
more skating on my skate videos but you
know you're going to get people that
that say crap to you on YouTube but uh
um for the most part I get ninety-eight
percent amazing feedback on my style of
videos so i think this really done a lot
for me and i would not be anywhere near
where i am on youtube without adding my
personality to my skate videos so
whatever going to do if it's skate
videos or you know like music videos
skits just make sure you put your own
touch to it make it yours okay if you're
gonna do the same thing someone else is
doing it they're not gonna have any
reason to to subscribe to your channel
if they can just go to the person that
did it first which is probably better
get out of here if you're gonna go and
copy someone but uh you know have your
own ideas and put your own touch on it
whether it's just talking to the camera
I just personality to it or you know
blowing people's mind with an original
idea whatever it is make it yours
alright my second tip is to reply to
your comments
and be nice first off by replying to
your comments it helps you stay
connected with people that are watching
your videos you know you make a personal
connection and that's great but also if
you have a lot of people conversing on
your video it boosts your video into the
most discussed category whether it's
sports or comedy or animals you know but
if you have a lot of people talking to
any video it might be like the 50th most
discussed video of that day which is
great you know it increases the chances
of someone just randomly stumbling upon
your video and you might just gained
another loyal watcher also be nice no
matter what you know if someone's being
rude with you don't just don't give them
the time of day don't rub them the wrong
way because other people might see that
you're being a jerk and it just gets
just going to turn people off so make
sure you're polite and nice and don't be
a jerk in fact just use that in life in
general just don't be a jerk because
that's lame you know and number three is
to post videos regularly okay you don't
want to have a successful video and they
go to your page you'd be like oh isn't
post a video like a year okay I'm not
gonna bother subscribing to this guy um
you do videos like at least once a month
you know ideally like once every two
weeks so they go to your page would be
like okay you know I want to see more of
this guy when he puts it up so I'm gonna
subscribe because he's got some videos
coming out um you know don't over do it
don't do like you know ten a week
because it's kind of ridiculous if you
like I'm really sick of seeing this dude
my subscription box but be consistent
and you know it'll just it'll more
people be hit the subscribe button your
videos will be getting out there more so
it's just better make sure you are not a
one-hit wonder number four have a cute
animal calendar it rocks and last but
not least is to remind people to
subscribe okay you can't trust people to
get done watching a video and be like my
life has changed I love this dude I'm
gonna make sure i watch these videos
always okay no they're gonna get done
with a video they're gonna be like oh
chapstick I love chef sake okay so
towards the end of the video make sure
you have a little reminder don't be
annoying about it but you know just say
something like oh hey help me out hit
subscribe button it can't hurt and watch
out for sub for sub because a lot of
people ask for that and that's
ridiculous it just dilute YouTube a
person that's doing sub for sub is going
to have so many people in the
subscription boxes that not your videos
come up it's going to be in the mid
love a stack this big and that's just
ridiculous so sub for sub is a bad idea
but you know reminding people to
subscribe is never a bad idea so go with
that but that's it i hope i hope that
helps um you know really it's important
just to make creative videos that stand
out that is the most important thing
because you can do all those all those
things all day but if you don't have
some decent videos that you have made
your own to back it up it's not going to
matter and if you have a lot of
subscribers and nobody cares about your
videos that's not going to matter so
make sure you're doing like all the
pieces have the good videos and you know
the loyal subscribers will come that is
it I'm done there are some bloopers
because I was ridiculous when filming
this their deficit bloopers the end this
and that's it how'd it go let me go
goodbye oh and you know what after
everything I just said I'm not even
gonna remind you to subscribe because
I'm gonna go against the rules I just
said and I'm gonna be a rebel later
again
I get a lot of messages saying what am I
saying it I don't know what they're
saying how do I know you're saying if
I'm not saying anything that was not
necessary but it was kind of necessary
and I'm saying I mean to be ridicule
about the scrutinizing agony that it
might be necessary import the footage I
can't even talk I can't talk at all I
just got a text message Nate at some
momentum and a following on YouTube and
I hope it helps but if this isn't one of
these ten hope it helps and he say that
the end stuff oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
my gosh I'm fine I'm fine how are you
guys doing you're right archos news
again I get a bigger following on
YouTube you tell him I'm in and let the
tips and pointers begin boom nailed it
yes finally let's start the video let's
get let's get these done gosh gosh gosh
gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh
finally I'm a little bit excited that I
nailed that shot I got it done and I'm a
better person now so I'm gonna go again
I've already said goodbye this is me
saying goodbye for the final time when I
walk out of here the video is gonna go
black and then the videos can be done
you're gonna be like alright what I'll
watch next later
