alright what's up guys so I am in a
little bit of money trouble and I
decided to start robbing houses all
right I'm totally kidding i am not a
burglar we are actually at alex's house
and we're going to do his revenge by Oh
Alex buting what's up nothing much dude
here is the world of YouTube and you got
to tell them a little bit about yourself
yeah what's the say I'm Alex beauty 24
years old uh basically married my best
friend after high school got a house
together have a daughter Here I am he
has the whole life riordan we were in
this house right now this is his bar
which we filmed uh the James for just
getting it a little bit uh care there's
the dartboard actually talking yeah
throw a dart you want throw a dart will
see you is better get one yeah all right
all right I'm holding a camera so I
automatically get double points and i'm
not even at the line oh dude you did way
better than me right it's my dartboard
yeah see ya that's pretty much it but
skating for over 10 years now teamed up
with Andy here about a year and a half
ago and man starting this revenge thing
and yeah little does everyone know that
uh Alex and West started revenge with me
so alex is definitely my partner in
crime on this project you uh we're doing
it up and you want any introduce your
family to the world yeah let's go do
that's who did that my beautiful wife
Lisa buting hi so how do you tell you
too weird the cat guy yeah where I was
gonna be a cute double-double
introduction well he knew that other
boys were coming so he ran all fair
enough huh and my little girl come on
beginning say hi can you say hi you two
okay mo you want to a trick for us on
the board I'll give you some door
Explorer fruit snacks off you get your
check first do do the maneuver I thought
you do it jump yeah do an ollie all
right all right now she walked on the
board hey where's your justin bieber
poster dude so that wraps that up guys
here is some unseen footage of alex
muting on his skateboard yeah ready Oh
tag
your turn
you
