um yeah actually I just tripped and fell
in your restaurant I was just wondering
if I could buy my dignity back
oh my got question hey catch give you
let's give you these two tacos and five
dollars instead I don't think we take
tacos as crazy but I wish fine
you talk too into it okay five dollars
okay thanks I'm gonna get her number for
you right
dude I don't think I am ever going to be
able to not smell sour cream again in my
life that was hands down the grossest
thing that has ever happened to my face
that's yeah that's our ha ha ha on to
the next restaurant I would actually not
like to try that um I just was wondering
if I could give you five dollars and
have no food I don't want any food yeah
just want to give you five dollars huh
yeah no I'm sure I'm positive about this
all right thank you we're gonna like
barter with me I'm gonna take a second
oh look at this I'm I pulled up waiting
for it I thought this is the window this
is all you don't even give that to your
boss or anybody that's that is yours
okay you have a good day all right
ah wasn't that just the cutest end to a
video - it wasn't even funny it was just
nice so some of that said I'm gonna be
done falling into food and you guys are
just gonna have to wait to see more of
that subscribe or die interruption
what's up guys so here it is after all
your requests finally the sequel to the
fast-food idiots this one is actually
one of the harder videos I do to film
because it is not so easy to hide a guy
holding a camera this big in a fast food
restaurant while making a scene like we
do but you know you guys asked for it so
I had to do another one and we went out
filming three separate times for this
and we did pretty good on the falls I
think but but the drive-through we
failed miserably like every time we
tried something we didn't get a reaction
from people so like I but you know
overall I'm happy with how it came out
and I hope you guys liked it and if you
want to see another fast-food idiot they
won't you go down there and give this
video a thumbs up I plan on getting a
smaller camcorder here soon which will
let me make a lot more public prank
videos it'll make it easier for me to
film and it should make the videos
better so that is the plan if you have
not seen the first fast-food idiot then
they'll be a link at the end of this
video and there will be a link down
below also after the outro that's about
to happen here in a second there's a
fall that we didn't use for the main
part of video because it was it was
funny but it wasn't like at the same
time it's kind of lame oh just like
walking along I kind of laid down in in
some cheese counties and we got a decent
reaction so it's worth watch so watch
that and then check out the first one
and I'm done talking so I'm gonna do a
men and black outro BAM
find a little red thing I'd flash you
you wouldn't remember but you do
remember so good bye what
