what's up guys this is strictly an
informational video so if you're not
into info or you don't want to hear me
talk don't watch this but if you're
interested in revenge at all if you've
liked the wheel revenge videos if you
like skateboarding goofing around then
by all means sit tight because I got
some cool things to tell you about our
revenge world you might have been fooled
by the title do not get too excited
because we do not have a TV show just
yet but we are aiming for its late march
or early april you know when the spring
hits we are going to film a pilot which
is an episode you try to show TV
networks to buy your show we're going to
film a pilot and in the summer we're
going to try to pitch our TV show to
some networks it's going to be a lot
like we are avenged except longer and
aim toward a TV audience of course we've
had a lot of good reactions and feedback
from we are avenged videos you know
we've kind of created a following
already with them so we just feel like
you know we might as well let's step it
up a notch to try this we're not banking
on it we're not like really putting our
hearts and hopes into this working out
but we're definitely gonna try because
we would love to do that for a living
that'd be fantastic I kind of want to
just tell you guys and get some feedback
from you what you think and especially
if you're a non skateboarder and you
still watch the revenge videos and
entertained by them let us know down
there that'd be awesome because you know
that's what the TV people want they want
to know that like is this gonna be able
to a lot a lot more audience than just
this but you know obviously you know the
revenge videos what they're all about
they're not going to change that is
going to be an exact style of a TV show
that we're pitching so don't get scared
we are going to keep doing videos online
even forgotten TV show like this this
season you're definitely gonna see
season two we want revenge up here on
youtube so don't get scared and in the
near future we have I have a revenge bio
coming up within a week or two and I
have some js footage but I gotta figure
out how to edit on this computer because
it's a weird file type I got a trend I
gotta translate it into something else
or I don't know what I'm talking about
right now translate it whatever alright
but rock on let me know what you think
and stay tuned for some more revenge
videos we are launching a facebook as
well go down there and go to the link
and give our facebook page a thumbs up
and like it or whatever you do you know
like the page because you'll be able
ask us all the questions you ever want
to and you know if you want to say that
my face looked really weird in the video
go for it if you want to tell Mac City
shreds do it and we are all
administrators on the site on the
facebook so we'll be able to communicate
with you and it'll be a good time and if
you live in cincinnati area we're gonna
if on the facebook will tell you when
we're gonna be in a skatepark if you
want to come skate with us so that's
neat and I that's I think that's all I
gotta say let me know what you think
this is the only reason to post this
video is to get some feedback from you
guys so go down there and type your
little fingers away don't have to be a
little if you have big fingers still
typing oh and I almost forgot if you
want to help us out with this then you
can help spread the word about revenge
grab your favorite revenge video and
posted on your facebook or myspace if
you still use that you know but
basically just show your friends and
help spread the word like I said that
would help us out a great amount and we
would appreciate it and what I will do
at the end of this video i'll post one
of my favorite we aren't Spanish videos
that I liked so you can use that one if
you want I don't I don't even care foot
up I'm gonna go and stay tuned i have a
very big public pranks video that big
but I mean public pranks video coming
out this week sometimes with the next
week so stay tuned for that and I'm
gonna go and I want to throw something
all this stuff is expensive man that
sucks all this stuff's expensive I came
with all right whatever microphone I
think I guess
you
hey hey you learn how to make my eyes
cross eyed right do that so I just look
completely ridiculous see what you think
you know get some feedback from you um
cuz i think we are revenge i think i
need to start over and just say things
that work haha
