youtube what's up guys this is a cat so
I tried to go through my footage and
find some tricks you have never seen
before and I apologize if some of those
happen in other videos I have a lot of
videos so it's kind of hard to remember
which ones would wear but I don't think
you've seen the stuff you just saw and I
would like to make fun of myself for a
second because that first line like what
in the world was why your watch what in
the world was i doing when I was pushing
right here I mean really skate much
cheese will ping sandy I don't know what
I was thinking but you know I was young
and stupid so nobody cares right but
rock on just when you thought the
skating was over no I have saved the
all-time smoothest boardslide heelflip
out ever watch this
that sounds like all right whatever
how's he whoa wow that was not that was
something else wasn't it I like hit a
button on my tripod it was like parole
enemy out that was appropriate thank you
that that's what they needed they needed
to hear me out after me talking yeah
that's what I thought you just shut up
