so I do not play with action figures
anymore and that kind of sucks you know
because back in the day when I was a
little dude that was a lot of fun but
I'm trying to say here is that when you
get older you grow out of a lot of
things you used to do but playing in the
snow is never gonna be one of those
things Wes I agree let's do this do wait
let's do it all right on your face
boom force of the rail what do you say
Chevy you're like oh man I'm getting
snowed on I don't care cuz I'm a dog
Chevy fast to do this job my feet
twisted out of the binding but I did
save your board from shattering in a
million pieces when I almost hit this
brick wall well that's gonna Chevy I'm
all right you don't gotta check on me
but that's good cuz it's like a 12 on a
dollar board dude no this is big dick
after this on air all right so since I
can't ollie onto this thing I'm just
doing this just like a try man second
try hey what my soul isn't snow skiing
not snowboarding it's just the truth
bottom line truth right there wes is
trying a 360 well you kind of got to the
360 say that deserves an instant replay
that does deserve an instant replay
alright guys so I have no idea if this
turned out to be a good video or not but
I hope it entertained you and ah dude
here's the outgoing here's your coat say
subscribe or die subscribe no you'd only
gonna say it why I'm just kidding you
say die no say no to get nevermind
interruption what's up guys so this
video isn't anything too special i know
i'll be the first one to say that but
you know i filmed Wes and I goofing
around in his backyard the snow and I
was like what the heck i'm gonna show
you guys so i hope it was entertaining
but this video did get my brain storming
a little bit if that's even a way to
talk it it got me thinking and i'm going
to try to get the guys together and go
out to do a real snow skate video where
we go to street spots and do real tricks
rather than goof around in wes's
backyard but what you saw in that one in
this video was the first time I'd ever
strapped into a real snowboard I had
used cheap like Walmart snowboards back
when I was younger and that is
completely different so that was like
the first time I'd ever attempted to
snowboard and wes's backyard isn't the
best spot for it so I'm gonna go to a
snowboard park this winter and try to
actually get some real footage of me
learning how to snowboard with that said
I'm done informing you of stuff you
don't need to know about but Wes has a
YouTube channel it's West Pritchard
that's it's his name just like mine it's
his name i will do a link down there at
the end there'll be a link to it go
subscribe he's gonna he post like black
ops videos and just like random things
from a cell phone but uh i'm gonna get
some skate videos like all his footage
and make a montage of him so he can put
it up there soon but in the meantime
subscribe to him and you'll see more
footage from him and I'm losing my voice
and I'm gonna get done talking so outro
go dude
but playing in the snow is never gonna
be one of the babybaby prepare let's do
that again Oh first choice Chevy yeah
yeah yeah yeah
you
