I hit 1.5 million subscribers that's how
I build do you know how we're gonna
celebrate yeah I'm gonna kick you in the
face
whoa I know cuz you like that I did the
thing I asked him if he won good cake in
the face or cake me and he said he want
to get caked you really want to get
caked all right but I'm gonna put him to
the test okay I'm going to be all mushy
and thank you guys so much for all the
subscriptions and watch my videos like I
said a million times I have no idea how
I amounted 1.5 million subscribers but
before we do that we're going to
celebrate in caking fashion I'm going to
put him to the test I'm going to go make
a triathlon cake version this is a cake
etholon he's got to go through three
categories and at the end if you get to
the end you're you get kicked where'd
you get that feather on the grand exile
okay just don't don't ever put that your
mouth it no I'm not kidding okay I'm not
I'm not kidding I'm disgusting let's go
told you that was anti-climb at like wow
yeah he's 5 though look at this pretty
cake oh yeah let's go hey want to see me
over the door my foot and he unlocked it
I unlocked it you unlocked it this cake
is going to be in yo face if you maybe
baby there's three there's three phases
okay there is the knowledge okay I get
to ask you questions and you have to
answer them right okay and then there is
a endurance which is just a generic name
for the challenges in that court of
category you'll be running around doing
stuff though okay and the third one is
your daredevil category I'm going to
make you do some stuff and it's gonna be
scary but you got to do it okay get over
here okay get over here now it'll be fun
okay you'll be safe but it'll be scary
all right look are you ready for this
all right knowledge round go hissed it
down on the edge knowledge ground okay
are you excited are you gonna take a
walk you have five questions you got to
answer three of them right okay first
question who is Mario's enemy and also
Sallisaw that's correct
one point okay who is blue where's the
helmet and has a blaster for an arm
whoa my bare ass that's right I didn't
know if you can get that one we played
this anyway I won you name three
dinosaurs and they get so it won the
last two last two
you said that you've not named the most
popular dinosaur that you know not
thought that you said it first
yep Stegosaurus Velociraptor I'm taking
dude and he ranks thank you
three all right well you can ask those
just flying colors okay but I'm asked
the other two just to do it
what is Iron Man's real name oh stop
dude I didn't think you're going to get
that it's good Tony Stark and the last
one what is the most important thing
about life and laughs love uh usually
I've tried to brainwash you to say be
happy but love the good answer right
love to green it be happy it's just
important okay he crushed the knowledge
round Chris Erickson Angela what else is
natural why do you say there get up
alright alright first of the endurance
round I just put a sticker on the wall
ride and you got to run up and touch it
alright can you do this there you go
very crazy
oh I know you can
he was like this close oh no probably
like all right phase two or round two
so we forgot ridings helmet we had this
helmet and was too big so a minimum or a
Santa hat and it works out but it just
kind of looks like it has white hair if
it looks like your dad you know the old
trampoline jumping to skateboard yeah
run Joe you got this yes do it it really
utilized translation those big round
three of endurance pops you of course
time are you ready all right you're
going to walk along the rail you're
going to scale up this wall then you're
going to run up this ramp jump up and
roll to the other side okay he's really
ready on your mark get set go
my first job buddy
you didn't really get what I was really
impressed endurance round done he's
doing really great now you got to do
scary around dangerous round it's
daredevil round
are you ready okay first thing you're
gonna do some box jumping in the box
all right we got your helmet back on you
have to jump into these boxes when I say
go don't do it yet are you scared no
baby peaceful yeah you did a fearless
yeah how can you did one this you might
have done what a big I don't know are
you ready Sam are you ready do it oh my
god
committed good job dude that was good I
turn away for one second and get them
all everywhere was that fun good five
you did awesome I anyone later practice
back cuz we if we ever get him again we
can use them and do two more rounds in
this okay
ladies miss carry your rat I'll put your
helmet on for your second challenge I
want you to jump from here over the gap
into that Bank okay you can totally I do
it all the time this is what you do for
a living huh yes right and for the final
one right you're gonna have to take the
chair ride of doom all right hold on and
do not get out all right are you ready
to do this okay all right just sit there
see what up Gary he has a new sporty
life no he passed all my tests and now
we put him in it I'm sure that doesn't
really fit him anymore so it gets cakey
it'll be okay we'll wash it and donate
it anyway come on all right riding are
you ready for this yeah it's the wide
impulse on pink and blue page and that's
teal Jason Park color oh you did very
good and as your award I'm going to
slant a cake in your face are you ready
for this oh can we stay laughing yeah
you're about the question one to close
your eyes three four how am I going to
challenge don't touch the camera okay
can your eyes was that just as awesome
as you remember it's looking perfect
it's just a perfect oval yeah I'm good
all right well don't high-five people do
that later
are you all cleaned up kind of yeah you
need a bath guys thank you so much for
1.5 million subscribers I will say this
forever because I'm never going to get
used to having that many people sign up
to watch my videos it's just so unreal
and it means the world to me and we love
doing cake videos to celebrate these um
but I just want to say from the bottom
of my heart you know I'm never going to
stop making videos I will continue
making them
and I truly appreciate that you guys
watch it this is a life that I never
felt was possible when I was younger and
I just I will keep saying thank you and
that it means the world to me it
seriously does give me a hey give me a
hand dude so dope but yeah I do videos
all the time here so hit the subscribe
button right down below if you're
already not and you'll get to see more
videos there's tons of skateboarding I
do a new videos with this guy that's a
lot of fun basically whatever I think is
you know entertaining and fun to do I
will do I will see you guys tomorrow and
that's it I'm going to go to a podcast
and then I'm going to go home and give
this guy a bath because you look like
the Joker after he got done from a day's
work okay you look at you all right
buddy anything you want to say to
YouTube before we go um just slide a
hundred more times you know if you just
do it once it's all you need there's a
tire over there look at it
just a bad idea was that what do you
find
yeah you kind of filled out dude in here
and the entity and I'm also Express
preheating the tiles last a whole wide
world
that's the world huh
you
