youtube what's up guys so this is one of
my world-famous talking videos- the
world famous but if you do not want to
sit here and watch dude talk about stuff
and acting a goof then x to the video
and go do something better with your
life if you do want to do all the above
then you're in the right place the right
time brother because this is what I'm
about to do or sister or you know what
would wish ever you are but this one's
going to be slightly different than my
normal talking videos i am going to make
a confession on one of the biggest
reasons why i make youtube videos i have
sort of had a master plan for my life
these last few years and the youtube
videos have tied into it greatly so you
are about to learn something about me
you might as well put on your knowledge
jackets cuz it's about to get cold in
here gasps why do i say some things
really let's do this so my entire life i
have always been a dreamer even as a
little kid I wanted to grow up to do
something grand with my life and I
didn't want to end up in some job I
didn't care for or live a life that
wasn't affecting anyone essentially I
wanted to make a difference in the world
and as I got older you know late teens
early 20s I started to really see life
you know you get you get screwed over by
people you love you lose friends like
it's not always a fun time and in the
last couple years especially I have I
just came to see who I truly am and what
I want to do with my life like I Know
Who I am and I know what I want to do
and a lot of people don't have that so I
consider myself lucky in that aspect um
and bear with me I know it's getting a
little cheesy but actually it's gonna
continue to get cheesy but bear with me
so I simply I'm just gonna say it I want
to change the world all right and I know
that sounds crazy okay but I don't mean
I'm gonna put on a cape and fly up to a
cliff that has a bus fallen off with a
bunch of people but I mean you know I
totally would save those people I could
but you know I can only do what I can do
and the way I see it is the only way for
me to change the world is you know do
all of my projects do exactly what I
want to do with my life to be happy and
have a positive effect on people through
those projects whether it be
skateboarding and their skits my book
that is not published yet you know and
lately I have really really really been
wanting to get into acting and I've
probably said that a few times much
but uh I really really have strong urge
you get into acting weathers television
or movies and I want to pursue it um but
YouTube comes into is I want to use
YouTube as a stepping stone if you may
to to larger projects to reach greater
audiences to have a bigger impact on
this world because you know no matter
what where you are in life you can
always turn yourself around return a
situation around and make a better
situation for yourself and be happier
and make you know those around you
happier so as is like I said this is
cheesy but that's really why I'm doing
all this you know I want to use my
videos as a stepping stone to get
further into the world and reach bigger
audiences and have a greater impact on
people's lives and I know that sounds
like a like a something in like a
sunday-school pamphlet but I mean I
really do mean it and that is why I'm
doing all these videos i mean i love
doing my videos i have a blast I would
be doing them regardless if I didn't
have greater goals so that is one of the
main motivations behind my youtube
videos and guys I can't stress enough
how appreciative I am of all you guys I
have said it before and I will say again
now say it more times in the future I
have the best subscribers in the world
all of your messages and comments I get
way too many to respond to and but
they're awesome they're really
heartwarming and it really shows that
I'm on the right track and doing what I
need to be doing to reach these goals
and I promise if I get to our win when i
get to a grander project in life whether
it be acting or skating whatever i'm
always gonna make youtube videos i will
always be right here to tell you what's
going on in my life and uh yeah if you
want to help me out in this journey
because i get a lot of people asking me
how they can help simply sharing my
videos is the best way you can do that
you know put some on your facebook on
your twitter do whatever just spreading
the word that's the best thing you can
do and i thank you till the end of time
so that's it i am very very excited for
2011 I've got some big things in store
for everyone and I'm ready to get things
underway there are definitely some
bloopers than this video because I was
ridiculous while filming this but I
am going to be done right now and thank
you for watching my little cheesy truth
behind my youtube videos but rock on
guys so with that said make funny or not
I am gonna change the world or die
trying
sit here and watch me talk or act like a
goof phone phone phone I got a new phone
guys and it does like it will sparkly
space sounds when I get a email or text
message to emails Nate bession one of
the big reasons why I make youtube
videos on didn't you forget a hole with
entire word on that's not a big word
burns word and it affects the sentence
idiot at this point in my life if that
makes sense that does make sense Annie
it's English they know with what that
means gosh I'm gonna die swear by making
these videos I'm gonna develop a split
personality okay like come back to be in
a year and I'm gonna be me myself and
irene minus the irene unless i know it
Irene then I might be me myself and
irene dunne if i was a robot make so
much more sense wouldn't it it would
make myself view myself as more sense
that doesn't make sense so I'm
definitely on a robot but this one is
going to be slip uh-huh see that face
that it haha I can't do it now I'm just
look like an idiot trying to recreate it
all right good just done let's get this
done we got poor bears this year guys
later
