ah what's up guys so this is a video
that I probably don't need to say
anything but for those of you who need
me to tell you what you just saw here it
is i was at the skatepark allure day and
i got hit in the Wiener by my skateboard
as you just saw but you know I didn't
really think anything of it when it
happened I didn't hurt so I just kept
skating and then when I got home to
watch the footage I was like oh my gosh
that was golden and I watched it over
and over again I was dying laughing in
fact the best way to watch this is
easily this way so yeah I watched it I
was like this is a no-brainer I gotta
make a video about this so here you have
it and that's it I'm gonna stop talking
and I'm gonna go you know what that's
what I'm doing to go and I'm gonna play
some I'm not going to tell you what I'm
doing because that's just invasion of
privacy so shame on you for asking
subscribe or boom you just found out
that I'm actually a man in black
actually I'm in red goodbye but just so
you guys know the men in black where
these shades I mean they always wear
have awesome sunglasses that's why I
said the whole thing you probably got it
all right later guys
so gosh Catherine Guinness real all
right mr. decades look at the affair oh
did not you speak English right there
oh wait wait wait wait
haha
