youtube what's up guys some you might be
wondering why is head you talking
through a megaphone and why does he have
that red thing on 10 well the entries
yesterday was Christmas and I got some
pretty cool things these being two of
them and yeah I totally think I'm gonna
go out there and film a video where I
just talked to people in public being
really weird talking to a megaphone um
but yeah thumbs up this video if you
think that's a good idea or just thumbs
up it because i did a 540 double flip
and actually I have another 540 double
flip video i did a one about a year ago
or so and i figured hey i did a new 540
don't flip so it's worth seeing again
right but if you want to see the
original there'll be a link at the end
of this video or there is a link in the
underbar below and that's about it I am
done I'm gonna go clean up my place and
then I'm gonna play with all the goodies
i got for christmas so on that note
subscribe or boom you're blind in your
could not see me actually you can
because this light is not that bright I
mean it is but I mean in this camera
it's not that I'm done goodbye
no I'm okay I know your father Darth
Vader was your father and that was a
whole ordeal he was evil you were good
and then you were like hey dad you're
good and then he was like all right I am
good let's throw this Emperor over the
freakin railing and he's gonna die
electricity and then I'm gonna die right
before the movie results like this whole
time I mean so you for free movies oh
right half technically I'm done goodbye
you
