what's up guys Merry Christmas if you
don't celebrate Christmas I hope you
have a happy celebration of whatever
you're celebrating if you don't
celebrate anything at least enjoy some
time off work or school or whatever you
got going on so obviously this is my
Christmas video for the last few weeks
I've known that I was going to do a
video simply saying Merry Christmas but
I didn't know what I was gonna do it
about and then it hit me I was like a
falling skateboard video because
everybody wants to see those anyway so I
went out and did it unfortunately I did
not have a lot of time to do it so I'm
sorry if you're expecting a long
extravagant video but fear not I'm going
to be working on the third floor derp as
soon as the weather gets warmer in the
spring I have some really big plans for
it and I have a feeling it's going to
blow the other two out of the water so
be excited for that if you haven't seen
the first two they'll be links at the
end of the video and in the underbar
down there so with that said yeah why
don't you go down there and give it a
thumbs up for Christmas or Hanukkah or
dinosaur day or whatever you celebrate
and you guys have a grand set of
holidays and this is me signing off
subscribe or
you
that ever and you can use a ninja things
I mean like a ninjas attack its
compactable okay it's everything
you
