youtube what's up guys so sometimes
you're just working so much in your life
and you get off work on a Saturday night
you come home and you're like I'm beat I
just want to throw a cooking spoon at a
metal chair and then that doesn't
fulfill your desire so you grab a finger
can dare you wanna throw that in the
middle share and then you're like hey
here's a creepy halloween costume and
you throw that and then you're like well
my cell phone kidding I'm not going to
throw my cell phone but this is an
update video if you don't want to hear
me talk or watch me act like an idiot
you know X out this video or maybe go to
youtube search bar and look up some
adorable animals because that's always
fun to watch but if you're still here
you probably want to see me act like a
ding ding so with that said you guys
that have are with me on this journey
here is a bonus clip of a kid falling on
a skateboard ha that was actually uh my
friends friend it was like he had old
ancient footage on computers like dude
you got to see this clip they said to me
and I was like thank you for sending me
that clip that's the best thing ever and
you know what you might youtube family
you got to see it too so with that said
I'm going to get to what I'm trying to
talk about in this video and it's really
just an update video like I used to do
update videos that talk about nothing
and get the end of it but like what did
I just learn that's one of those okay so
after you noticed you might have noticed
don't know what I just said it there but
you might have noticed my videos have
kind of slowed down lately and you know
I used to because up for a while I was
putting on some really high quality like
well done videos for a while well I've
been really busy and my buddy has been
rushed and the content is maybe not has
been as extravagant as usually isn't I'm
sorry but with my knee injury and then I
have been working a lot it's been hard
to keep up but I just wanted to say hang
in here when january hits what are you
doing computer it was like flashing at
me okay when january hits i'm going to
be full gusto on youtube and doing my
videos we have that well my friends and
i do have a lot of plans but i have a
lot of plans myself and we as a
Avenged we have some big plans so I put
a little list here because I'm you know
not smart enough to remember all these
but a lot of you have been asking about
my book well i'm going to give you that
information i am gonna do a video like
promoting my book within the next couple
months so keep bugging me about it and I
promise you I will get on it and you
will know a little bit about my first
book it's actually done and probably
ready to be published but I'm waiting
until I have a bigger following online
because I kind of want the book to reach
a lot of people you know I'm not trying
to like make a million dollars off the
book per se but uh I'm feeling this book
can help a lot of people so I wanted to
I just paper cut myself that sucked haha
I want it to read some people so i'm
holding off on it um public pranks
you're going to see more public pranks
in fact tomorrow I'm going on filming
not a full probably prank video but
let's say a Christmas treats for you
guys but come January you're probably
gonna get a sequel to fast food idiot
and if you don't know what that is go to
my videos watch it or maybe i will just
link at the end of you leave it up and
then as i said we have bigger Vance
revenge revenge revenge plans coming and
also my song my outro song like Dan and
dented band in a band in it I'm a try to
get studio and get a final version
recorded because I got a rebirth the
course what not but uh I'm gonna go with
my buddy and we're gonna do a final
version we might do a few extra songs
may all make like a CD with like a
couple songs and sell it online or
something I don't know but I apologize
if my videos have been rude to you
lately but I promise you that big grand
videos are coming your way it's being of
the year and I'm gonna make it points to
more videos like a consistent flow of
videos all of next year so yeah I
apologize but I in the meantime I'm
going to be continuously busy working
and getting through the holidays we do
have some a couple videos or two or
three in the mix for the next two weeks
to watch out for those and yeah I got to
go Christmas shopping tonight and you
know which is a pack of it throw that
again that was pretty fun and I don't
know what I'm I don't
no what I'm trying to say anymore but
hang in there guys I'm alive and at the
end of this you have no idea how much of
a spaz I was filming all of this and
it's probably rushed because I actually
have to get here on a lot of time which
is why I'm talking a lot but and not
going over and redoing this again so I'm
sorry hang in there watch the
ridiculousness that is the end of this
video and subscribe or
nine you come home and you're just like
man I just feel like throwing a cooking
spoon at a metal chair I missed too much
work going on that just hurt my knuckle
oh it's all its recorded hahahaha hey
it's recording sir that was unnecessary
I don't keep talking in like bursts that
wasn't why do I keep talking in verse
alright that was stupid lissajous how's
my hair stupid okay I grabbed a cooking
spoon and throw it at a metal chair but
sometimes that could be on that would
hit me it was a great but sometimes that
metals food that no spoon the nose up
that spoons wooden chair it's not a
wooden chair awesome Oh who's a wooden
spoon at a metal chair gosh all right
I'm gonna frickin do this
