Oh
Oh
what's up sorry i fell like mad Alex and
I got robbed on the set of stairs I'm
kind of peeved about it kidding I'm not
mad it happened last summer so I'm over
it by now but uh Alex and I really did
get robbed on this head stairs we had
those tricks we used to go to that set
like every week or two and we'd uh like
break our board or get kicked out or
just plain not Leonard tricks it was
awful went on all summer so thumbs up
for us going back and landing our tricks
when it gets warm but for right now I'm
snowed in here in Cincinnati so I'm
going to wear Mario pajama pants and go
play the new games and watch the office
till my eyeballs fall out you know I'm
saying yeah unless you're in California
then you're like fellow you're set I'm
gonna go skate right now cuz awesome but
that is it I'm gonna say subscribe or
die and goodbye yeah oh yeah oh here's
my head still you guys can still see me
video ends
Oh
