that's why his name's tweek
hey what's up guys so I was getting
ready to film this part of the video and
I was like dude all these people are
gonna be seen on this cute adorable
animals going on and smiling all over
the place and then they're gonna see me
so I gotta like step it up you know cuz
I'm just gonna this could be late I'm
going from cute animals to Andy so I put
on the suit jacket and it hit me I was
like BAM this is it this is what I need
to look like actually that was
completely a lie I just opened up my
closet and I was like oh hey I'll wear
this because that's how guys do things
you know what we don't we don't think
about wearing things we just wear them I
went there ah but seriously guys I got a
lot of comments saying hey show us more
cats or like you know make a cat video
so I was like you know what I'm gonna
grab just a bunch of animal footage and
I make a montage of it I've actually
already done this like back like last
year sometime but I don't think a lot of
people saw that video so I was like I'll
just do a new one because I have some
more some newer animal footage so there
it is there's the cutest animal montage
ever or whatever I title it up there and
no I do not own all those animals those
are not all my pets those are some of my
old pets my present pets might even like
my cats you see all the time but like if
I'm over like someone's house they have
an animal or a rabbit or dog or whatever
I gotta film it so uh no don't accuse me
I'm having five hundred pets because I
don't and that's it I'm talking too much
and I will talk to you guys on the later
I didn't make sense really I'll go with
it I'll talk to you guys on the later
and subscribe or die Michigan that
wasn't that wasn't actually a threat you
don't die or do you
subscribe and you just got puted no that
was dumb what did I say that alright
I'll just go through the normal
subscribe or die
bye I gotta do it all over again that
was ridiculously stupid but we don't we
don't think about wearing things we just
wear them I went there I went there I
went there I went there I went there I
need a haircut
oh yeah I did haircut oh yeah spinning
in my chair I'm spinning in my chair cuz
I need a haircut I'm spinning in my
chair and it's not fair
yeah you just you just watch that bye
