YouTube what is up guys so tragedy has
struck me actually one really caught
tragedy because it's just I just got
injured so injury has struck me um I was
at the skate park filming a montage the
other night and literally like I was
warming up three minutes into skating I
injured myself I hyper-extended my knee
and it sucked and it still sucks but
here is the footage of this all right so
that was a weird angle but hopefully you
can tell that there was something not
right with that fall and it felt really
gross I can actually feel my leg like
pull out and go back into place like it
made a popping noise it was just like
yeah it didn't feel good at all it's
been really painful since hopefully I'm
not off my board for too long but at
this point I can't even walk like
comfortably like it's really awkward
doesn't it's not right but rock on I for
the rest of the session of the skate
park I limped around and filmed the guys
doing like a trick each or maybe - I
don't know just watch that footage but
I'm gonna go and you know and maybe in a
week and a half you'll see a new skate
video from you finally but I'll show you
something in between them and maybe I'll
do like a cute little animal video or
something I don't know but in my injury
stage of life I'm going to be watching
the office playing Donkey Kong Country
the new doctor home country I'm excited
for this one and I'm gonna continue to
play black ops because this is like my
life when it comes to a.m. but rock on
here's that footage of the dudes skating
the skate park and I'm gonna go and
there's some bloopers the end of this
because I am a spaz that's about it
dude that was it was like up here though
it was like way up here dude
doughnuts don't why don't you just get
in and do something do something
impressive okay give you some impressive
yeah it's my thought
up at this point like I can't walk right
like I can walk and get around but like
I'd like I'm alright I can't well I'm a
shouting why am i shouting at the
freaking camera
hey hey YouTube what's up Josh new stuck
me maybe that was a little bit
exaggerated but start over house it was
pretty gross only the sudden continued
el Casa Bonita he'll just do this on for
size and yet I keep screaming oh this
isn't fun
oh this is fun oh this isn't fun
