hahaha alright so I came over to alex's
house to skateboard and he unveiled this
fantastic surprise this is a freakin
trampoline yeah and I'm just saying I'm
just saying I'm gonna care to skate
right now I'm gonna I'm gonna jump on
this trampoline dude get out right now I
want to do it oh yeah well like broke
your neck dude I didn't flip on that
which brings me to the next part we are
i'm online we're not professionals but
you can try this at home if you don't
try this home don't even try this home
you'll get hurt all right hold on yeah
like that in your enemies are all right
720 back look dude those concrete I'll
just got a concussion and died Oh was
that like the Indians sitting that's not
how you do it you gotta use shoes dude
what it's got skating microwave just get
a microwave yeah all right dude are you
kidding nah man forget it my choice for
a skater microwave all right let's do
that what we're gonna do I don't I want
to back noseblunt were you shut that dog
yeah I'll shutter should we open up the
pillow with one trick and you busted a
hole in the door should we have
first try Oh mr. first shot oh my gosh
dude all right there's no way all right
no don't take the door off Lee you want
to get this there's my lace protecting
thing what is this that's a sock
what was that all right no tries out my
gosh all right it's too dark and
microwaves you got like three tries i'll
kick you back to nose runs things done
all right so guys the moral today's
video is trampolines are pretty cool and
Mark waves suck to skate on just like to
point out that I totally use the Force
to push over the microwave after I smash
the door off watch it again watch it
freak again
just a man to do that anybody watching
you that's great that was stupid okay
that was awesome thanks man
