YouTube what is up guys so this is a
little different video than I typically
do this is a preview of the podcast I do
with Ryan chambers it's called strike
back podcast we talk about all things
nerdy sci-fi video games movies not that
movies are that nerdy in general but
it's a lot of fun so I'm gonna give you
a ten minute preview and if you like it
I'll explain at the end how you can just
keep listening but if you just want to
skip right to the actual podcast all the
links are down all the information is
down below so uh so you want to say
anything you are ready to go to sleep
alright listen watch slash listen to
this do your thing dude say it welcome
back to strike back everyone there we go
I am Ryan chambers I am Andy I didn't
forget this time name I do I even put in
my note I put introduce self oh you're
good another thing I always forget we
always tell me like who are you over
here right now my terrible are many
remembering things I say yeah real quick
I just want to shout out we have a
Twitter and Instagram is at strike back
pod right now right there on the screen
and email as well
if you're watching us yep if you're
watching thank you by the way so that's
how we should actually start this we're
doing another teaser which is the first
one I don't know if his YouTube is a
fluke but you know everyone saw the
video just doesn't seem to go places and
maybe people just didn't want to see a
podcast but it was like I have normally
note low number four even a bad video
yeah it was kind of like you never
upload anybody like that before yeah but
I've like even bought the wall videos
they usually get more than that so I
just want to do another chance so guys
welcome to the YouTube video and welcome
to your ear video we're going to doing
both we're talking to your video and
looking at you yeah if you're listening
I don't know just keep listening I guess
it'll be the same thing yeah the same
thing go there's a ten minute teaser
video this online though yes or email
address I'd say I don't think I did it
is strike back pot at gmail.com okay man
we have a ton okay well then let's just
let's talk about the teaser real fast
just get things going I'm sure we'll get
dive right in yeah all the meat of it
yeah so yeah some confused comments some
people loved it some people said it was
awkward some people think think that you
know that we should do it every episode
yeah but it was like Oliver is one thing
that when I don't really put opinions
into my YouTube video so when I finally
this is like an opinion of show
Emily had people arguing with me here
and there calling me an idiot some
people weren't commented yet welcome to
the Internet yeah welcome to the
Internet you know but I just wanted to
say you know we're just talking
discussing light-hearted if you guys
have an opinion that's awesome that's
the magic of human communication is that
you can differ and still be friends and
it's okay yeah it's cute Lee okay I had
one I didn't want to have a one comment
because I mean sure this guy was a nice
guy but he was like in my opinion
honestly a lot of people a few people
not a lot but got upset about the junkie
XL thing because I was purely just
joking that it's hilarious at supersize
but I don't think we okay I don't think
we trashed the guy no I respect him like
he helps score Justice League like
Justice League doing awesome and Man of
Steel so what the comment I got was
hilarious it was like in my opinion
honestly that was racist racist yeah he
said you don't have respect or you don't
understand black culture and their names
enough to be able to have an opinion on
this and I was like and I looked it up
and he's white a white he's Caucasian
he's Dutch yeah that decides what is the
people passionately talking about is now
Scott sit with them and they're like all
no fair enough you know sorry I just
really am proud to be in touch them I
guess awesome be proud of your peers
that's cool that was a communication
about the duck that guy I was like I
think you don't understand this more
because he's not black right he's
Caucasian and I didn't mean anything
about like one skin color and gender me
nothing yeah it's irrelevant it's
irrelevant to the world it's still a
thing it's very sad but to me if you're
a jerk you're a jerk no matter what you
look like
entire a person you're in Oscars no
matter what you look like yeah that's
just how are you and if you're in a
person-by-person if you're an
established musician and you go by the
name junkie XL which that's kind of
silly isn't it junkie is like a bad term
yeah it'd be a junkie junkie is not it
so it's just a funny thing that yeah we
were going on about yeah I still think
it's funny
he might he's clearly talented it says
mom really got kicked off yep because
that was probably a dream for
but he's gonna go on to do great big
things I'm sure yeah no big job
junkie XL we'll be fine junkie mind
he'll be he will keep junking on
activities yes don't my thing sorry
that's alright alright both let's go do
it so no just just a little disclaimer
uh we're all we're all happy here and
anything we talk about we're not trying
did we disagree just discuss it
intellectually use this as a time that
you could sit back and look like one Jew
drink a tea and you have it up into two
yeah so that's the beauty of the
internet yeah you can discuss things
intellectually but yeah sadly a lot of
people choose not to do that then what I
don't know why let's get into it we beat
you I came back right now this is the
spider-man episode yes before we get
into spider-man though I want to get
this out of the way this sucks
so we found out after the credits the
broad thing I realized while the credits
were rolling way out night for
spider-man homecoming Joan Lee the wife
of Stan Lee is just super wife like they
were like yeah I think we see nine years
yeah like you're married I'm married
like yeah that's like your other half
that is that is what you strive for my
Debra scene video identity the document
scene that you should watch this as a
documentary on Stanley on Netflix cuz I
was about the interview Stanley a few
years back
yeah and I was like I researched him
looking up and I was because I have a
lot of respect for him because he's
changed so many lives
yeah like more than he could ever
realize oh yeah for sure and more than
we could ever realize and he just I have
a lot of respect for him and it had
evolved throughout an interview which
was a relief because I would've been it
would be like one of the few people that
I be see here and what do you say -
Stanley I don't know I don't think and
man have been an honor to thank him yeah
that's how I would say in the
documentary you can tell like how
strongly I mean he Stanley wouldn't be
him would be Stanley without her
yeah well for sure right yeah you know
like she's the balance to his life yeah
really really oh what's the documentary
demography I think I saw her anything in
whatever positivity we can send his way
absolutely
you know yeah we'll the documentary is
if you look up Stanley it's probably the
main one yeah I feel like I've told
everyone I'm not gonna look at how you
see them together it's super you're just
talking and adorably you watch that you
don't like Stanley you're not human
yes it's amazing yeah yeah sure so yeah
like you said thoughts prayers whatever
you know whatever positive diddly done
yep hmm
all right so yesterday is today
technically because it's a long supid
thing that we movies come out on Fridays
but days like the release date is today
yeah are you playing em is my life if it
actually has to happen on midnight now
it's like oh it's coming out on Friday
let's go see the first showing on Monday
yeah it's like when they push like Black
Friday sales like oh yeah come on like
the same idea seven o'clock Thanksgiving
yeah yeah whatever outlet so southern
our show which is actually great because
we can get home at a decent time yeah
laughter watch movies a great experience
yeah but before we get into homecoming I
thought it'd be fun to kind of revisit
the modern-day cinematic spider-man
like to go through the go through each
one yeah um there was actually a one in
the 80s I thought yes budding is one of
us for another kid old yeah so yeah I'm
sure excited but I think there is an
iteration back way back well we're gonna
go all the way back to 2001 all the way
back don't look two years ago two years
it feels like two years I actually I was
in high school so it was a long time ago
so the first Sam Raimi spider-man came
out in 2002 but do you remember in 2001
there was a teaser and just had this is
like wet back when they made teasers
without any actual movie footage in them
it was like a short flow yeah well yeah
I got it was like a bank heist scene and
the guys are running through like
there's a building you know trying to
get out and stuff and then they jump
into a helicopter and the helicopter you
see them do you like the this thing
where they launched it oh I kind of
member that and the camera panned back
into New York City and caught it snowing
the Twin Towers oh they had oh I okay
now yeah a giant web you know the the
helicopters caught in the mm yeah and
that's like the into any smart man and
that was back in the day like that's
effective it's affected everyone that
everyone's always knows who's spider-man
is he's like everyone's saying oh sure
but it's also like now you would see
that only on youtube if you didn't know
what that right I taught you magic yeah
like if you use wanting to know it's on
YouTube but I'm saying if that came out
now like you would go into that knowing
what it was I feel like the first time I
saw that in the movie theater I had no
idea what at what right then one may pan
back we may know what yeah because now
it's like it's on the internet yeah then
you have that moment really like a tide
summer yeah that's a bummer that that
it's like waiting for a magazine to get
information type stuff like yes gone
everything's absent ever it's never
gonna not be like which grand is like
it's not better or it's not worse it's
different
well I feel like the youth of the day is
probably like oh no I want myself
instant I would sucked away but I mean I
feel like at least as they get older
you're going to understand that like
some of the cooler things when you're
waiting for a movie you like or video
game is the anticipation oh definitely
that part yeah and that kind of builds
on that you know like having to wonder
and wait and like you know it builds on
it and made you way more hyped for
movies absolutely so so like I said this
that was directed by Sam Raimi he
directed the Evil Dead yep that was why
our navels always doing each yep he's
always in the movie yeah and so was a
car like Uncle Ben's at yellow OS
whatever that was the car from Evil Dead
that's cool but a drive-in did way like
I think I've mentioned I've never seen
Evil 2 in that car is in every single
Sam Raimi movie like I let them drag me
to hell it was everything he's done it
was written this was interesting so I
was up til one o'clock doing I've got
some more pages of me up Ryan for me I'm
up till 2:00 every day every night no
matter what time I can't do that well
sleep today why I was a waste of time
I was even laying in bed so I was like
halfway there yeah don't foresee stages
of those I just walk into anything two
pages written by David co-op he wrote
Jurassic Park I like that guy yeah well
Michael Crichton wrote dress part well
as hang on he also wrote Crystal Skull
Michael Crichton no no no no no oh I was
David yeah it is how a play for it so
I'm sure what Lucas had a big deal about
just Crystal Skull oh yeah yet you could
tell he had his hands so he's just a
screenplay which you can't so you can't
I think it was on the bad parts you
can't blame him for all of it sure it
wasn't his idea
right um he's done a bunch of stuff so
yeah well who he knows knows how did you
yep this one that was starring Doug
Maguire Kirsten Dunst James James Franco
James Franco he was in the Dafoe yeah
just hose off me man he's got such a
good bad guy that hole didn't get used
enough now the whole cast was great
movie is good it's hard to go back and
think about Kirsten Dunst because I
don't I don't dislike her I just don't
air about her she's fine she's fine yeah
she's but looking back she that was
probably our best role though like she's
a good marriage oh for sure yeah
definitely
yeah and Tobey Maguire he's nails the
nerdiness of Peter Parker yeah that's
the thing the last to spot Tom Holland
is fantastic and I even liked what's the
Sam Tabor what's his face her Andrew
Garfield Andrew Garfield we'll deal with
that yeah I like goes to but they're a
little too Hollywood looking about kind
of Tom Holland in Hollywood yeah he's
he's not nerdy I agree
he doesn't look nerdy at least I wa it's
fine I would say I like Tobey Maguire's
Peter Parker more than I like his
spider-man right in art Andrew Garfield
what you haven't even seen those I have
oh you have Wednesday I took upon myself
like I am going to do homework I'm going
to sit down and watch these two movies
actual spider-man like a wisecracks I
thought he did good yes but as Peter
Parker not so here too smoothly
he's - I would make out with you guy
yeah except for his long neck I mean I
don't wanna make out with that
understand like I feel like girls are
like same things Sam Tabor
that's what commit every decade anywhere
without getting he made out with now his
wife needs Oh having happy dude yeah
anyways get back to Department one
really quick whoa wait I think it's time
to cut this teaser oh yeah yeah I keep
talking to the microphone yeah I'm going
to talk to them so one of the things
that was really interesting about this
there you go if you like that you can
keep listening this episode I'll put it
right down below it's actually like a
couple episodes ago where I'm just slow
on getting this online I think we're
eventually going to do weekly previews
but if you want to just tune in
subscribe to listen um it's on iTunes
Google Play like just a ton of stuff
SoundCloud so I'll put the information
right down there I think there's a
general website you can go to and it'll
just like get you there but that's it
yeah we I we have a lot of fun doing
this you know we're not professionals at
what we do we're just ten dudes talking
hanging out so if you don't get tuned in
we would appreciate it that is it I'm
going to go I'll see you guys tomorrow
with with a fun video I'm not gonna tell
you what it is but it's a fun video
toast even further to fall asleep not
even closer closer that's oh I meant to
say but a pet the dog
that's all I got
boom boom boom 11
you
you
