my cup
I don't
I'm not filming dude I'm not because
everything is my fault
youtube what is up guys so that does it
for the we want revenge episodes one
through ten recap videos if you want to
see episodes nine intend individually
the links are down in the underbar and
at the end of this video there will be
links for the other to recap videos but
that does it for we want revenge until
the spring i think if i if we get some
good weather here in Cincinnati or the
winter and all the guys can go out and
film you might get a bonus we want
revenge here and there but if not we're
gonna have way to the spring so I'm not
making any promises and you know what I
think episodes one through ten i'm going
to call season one and then in the
spring when we start up the new new
episodes we're going to call it season
two I just thought of that right now and
i'm a genius i'm just kidding I'm not a
genius but you know what I really did
just think of that and I'm psyched on
that idea so that's it in the meantime
over the winter we're gonna have a lot
of skate park footage and I mean you're
the revenge guys aren't going anywhere
you're going to see us they're just not
going to be the wheel are avenged
episodes but I'm talking away too much
and I'm gonna go so on that note
subscribe or die and to the cute outro
boom talk about kittens boom
