Oh
Oh
ok
Alex
youtube what is up guys so this video
was originally supposed to be a recap
video of we aren't revenge six through
ten but when i edited together i was
like my gosh this is a long video this
is way too much because i assume that a
good portion of my viewers have a TD and
it's funny because the people
so I split it into two so in a couple
days from now you're going to get you
know recap of we want revenge 9 and 10
it'll be just a skateboarding like this
one and if you want to see the
individual we are avenged episodes
there'll be links down there and if you
stay tuned at the end there'll be a link
to the very first we want revenge recap
video of episodes one through five that
is it why don't you go ahead and find
the subscribe button up there and hit it
if you already haven't and you'll get
more skating from me skits weird stuff
me talking weird stuff you know like I'm
about to subscribe to myself I'm just
kidding I can't do that but rock on i'll
talk to you guys later good bye bye
