like a reality TV show called the
world's craziest cop chases caught on
tape well this has nothing to do with
that at all we're going to do the
stupidest skate lines ever that sound
right worse this state's ever worse the
skates ever on film the more stupidest
all right let's all stop talking here's
camera oh I mr. down and Ollie and the
Holly that afro such people let's go
hey crab to squirrel around on my board
to a 50-50 Smith support kick no it was
all for show
wait wait I wasn't even that wasn't even
stupid
manga 360 quick again
what was that
alright he's done Oh car gosh can't film
this video this is the worst video ever
alright so he can start really early now
in Cincinnati like we've been skating
for like 30 minutes and it's like
nighttime like I'm about to go to bed
right now and that was that will
literally was the stupidest video ever
and we don't you guys probably did enjoy
it I always like oh yeah we enjoyed
making it though so rock on we will be
back to our normal antics here soon and
in the meantime please alright whatever
let's just go
