no no okay I'm the champion of the Sun
okay if night man wants to talk crab
tell him to come say it to my face
because I will take care of him
and dude I gotta go because YouTube's
here I'm doing a frequently asked
questions video yeah yes dude stop
asking questions stop talking stop
talking I've got to go seriously
alright later so what's up guys as you
just heard I'm doing a frequently asked
questions video I get a lot of comments
and messages every single day and a lot
of them are asking the same questions
and I can't keep up with them all so I
was like dude maybe I'll just do a video
answering some of the main questions and
hopefully we'll reach a lot of you
question askers out there so here we go
let's start the video by throwing these
away did not break let's do this alright
let's get this one out of the way from
the very beginning and that is why do I
wear red shirts okay I've been wearing
red shirts every day for the last 12
years of my life and I have never told
anyone why there is a reason there's a
specific reason I do it but I've not
even told my own mother any of my
girlfriends my life like no one knows
the reason and I'm not going to tell you
guys right now I'm sorry I'm not gonna
divulge my secret but a lot of people
try to call me out on like they watch
they see a video like this like you're
not wearing run right now like well look
I have one on it's just underneath all
the other stuff so I promise you I'm not
gonna randomly break it especially for a
YouTube video it's a personal thing so
I'm wearing red shirt so you can't call
me out on it and I'm not gonna tell you
why
end of story what camera do I film with
and what editing software do I use I get
asked this quite a bit and I actually
have two cameras that I use the first
one being this this is a Sony V X 2100
it's a really really good camera I use
this mainly for skating about 95% of my
skating is fun with this and and like
videos that I just need to like carry a
camera around like just grab and go like
a day in the life video like I'll use
this camera the other my bigger projects
and my skits and stuff I usually use my
nicer camera which I'm using right now
so I can't show it to you but here's a
box this is a Sony FX 1000 it's an HD
it's really it's a lot nicer than that
one and like I said I use that for my
bigger projects as far as editing goes I
use Premiere Pro cs4 and I've used
premiere line ever since I can remember
and it's just
a good program to like grow with and
work with it feels like home so it's
always done me well and I'm gonna use
that until I have a reason not to use
that am i sponsored no I have no
sponsors for my skateboarding and if
anyone would like to change that feel
free to shoot me a proposal but no I
don't ride for anyone right now and I'm
completely content on that because you
know I don't skate to get sponsored or
whatever I just skate to have fun and
I'm still having fun on my skateboard so
that's really what matters but no I
don't ride for anyone what do I do for a
living well I have three jobs outside
the world of YouTube I'm a freelance
videographer and if I had enough video
gigs I would not need the other jobs
because it pays really well but um I
have a few jobs here and there every
month and it's good that it's good extra
cash and then I also do work with a to
dream in your home company here like
I'll administer tests of children that
are about to get tutoring or like I'll
run errands for the company it's just
like it's like whatever I have time to
do it I help them out and I serve at a
nice restaurant here in Cincinnati
you know like four or five nights a week
and yeah I'm working all the time
because when I'm not doing those jobs I
am working on a video or trying to skate
and my schedule is really crazy but that
is what I do for a living I do way too
much what is my skateboard setup well
I'm sorry that I don't have my board
right here to show you but I've been
riding instrument decks for a while now
there is Cincinnati based company and
they're really really good so if you
want to try them out I encourage it I'm
also riding thunder trucks and Spitfire
wheels so deluxe you'd be proud of me
also two companies that I've always
always always since the dawn of time
been psyched on our zero skateboards
into our machine they've had like some
of the coolest teams over the years and
they've always shredded they have a
really good style and the boards are
great so I also encourage those two
companies but yeah that's it that was
that was that that was it oddly enough I
get a few people here and they're asking
for my personal things some kid asked
actually a few kids have asked me if I
can box up my broken skateboards and
send them to them like I keep my broken
skateboards laying around I don't I
usually throw them out but I'm just
saying like my personal possessions like
people have actually asked if I can if I
can just take like my own time and money
and just like alright here you guys go
just
start taking my things like know if I
have anything to give away I will do it
a little contest or something you know
I'm not gonna just random like yeah you
could have my computer here you go rap
stop it I got a cat freaking really
interested in this box but yeah so I'm
sorry guys you cannot have my random
possessions but if you see me in public
feel free to ask for like I don't know
you know like my firstborn child
something something understandable and
this one is actually very heartwarming
and touching and all that fun stuff I've
had a few people ask if they can donate
to me in my past videos I've said like
hey I'm trying on money right now like
and I'm working all these jobs crazy and
a lot of a couple people like I said say
hey is there any way I can donate some
money to you they gonna help you out
like help your your skate trips out or
whatever and that is really really
awesome um but I have to say no because
that's just like I don't know I just
can't I can't do it be like open up like
yes Internet people just give me money
it's like I'm trying to earn money on my
own do do my own successful life thing
so if you want to help me out in any way
just show people my videos like if
there's if there's a new skit or a skate
video that you really like post it on
your Facebook and tell people to spread
the word that honestly is the best thing
you can do for me and I really do
appreciate it because a lot of people
have asked like you know how can I help
you out or do this that that just spread
the word about me is the best thing you
guys can do and I am eternally thankful
for that I promise so as touching that
is I'm sorry I cannot take your money
unless you forced upon me unless you
come to my house with a big duffel bag
be like I'm gonna shoot you in the head
if you don't take this then I might take
it but I'm just saying you can't you
know you know you know what I'm trying
to convey here alright let's just go to
the next part okay so the video is
finally over I did not think this was
gonna be this long but so I'm Popeye
apologize but you got to the end that's
like kind of like getting the end of
Candyland like you are psyched right now
but if there are any questions you guys
ever need to ask me I've said this
before and I'm gonna say it again right
here go to my official Facebook there's
a link right down there that is the best
way to get some info out of me because
it's really easy for me to manage and I
don't have as many people attacking me
there like I do on YouTube not attacking
me that's a bad word to use I'm nice I
mean I love it I love the attacking
don't even get me wrong on that but if
you need to ask a question go give me a
like you know like my Facebook page or
whatever you do and
ask me a question on there and I will
answer you I promise but that's it I'm
done
a frequently asked questions video
because I get a lots of comments and
messages comment comment comment
there's more than one comments when you
stop playing around the metal chair epic
catfight much you guys hear that that
was an epic catfight if there is ever a
video or anything just Nelson's calling
me gosh yeah
cool Justin hey Justin I'm trying to
film a YouTube video you're called me
and interrupt me no now you're making me
feel bad you just talk I'll turn you to
ball
