yeah of course it was like apple pie
how about six degrees come on you pieces
where you go boy some putt-putt hey I'm
gonna call you here to call you back no
I'm playing black ops all right all
right
let me shoot grandma bye dude this new
town map is so good hey get out of my
way dude don't you just stole my kill
man I don't care if I got the assist and
it's this is just another way of saying
you're not good enough boom you just hit
my Claymore what am i some little fire
one more hot wheel car blows me up I'm
gonna smack you clear back into modern
warfare 2 that doesn't even have to make
sense to you who won who won the answers
B that's right that's right
okay my knife is rubber and my bullets
are rubber
I am rubber right now I cannot kill a
thing shut up shut up shotguns still
work in this game you're 11 years old
you sound like a girl
oh my gosh more time okay we got dogs
flying after we've got flamethrowers
about flaming dogs flying after me this
is ridiculous
we've got freaking hot wheel cars and
then you're lying down you're lying down
to the shrubs just wait three come by so
you can be down yeah that was the
dumbest thing I've ever heard you just
won the award of being my facebook
status tonight oh yeah I just won the
free-for-all that's right and earlier
today I kissed a girl all in one day two
things you will never do in your whole
life stop shut up shut up shut up shut
up shut well forgive me if I don't take
you seriously your name is goat balls
for 20 there's some wisdom in that brain
right there oh my gosh no no no no I'm
leaving you know what I'm gonna go to
the grocery store and then I'm gonna buy
some s'mores and some sleeping bags and
I'm gonna camp all day like you do gosh
interruption what is up guys I'm gonna
say this from the get-go that this was a
skit this was not supposed to appear
real at all and the reason I have to say
this is because I did ask it like this
for mono or for - a year ago and to this
day I still get people like watching
your book this is fate what do you what
are you talking about dude your
controllers not even on it's like you
guys like people actually watch that and
think that's supposed to be real game
footage that's insane so thumbs up for
the people who understand that this is
just a skit go down there and give it a
thumbs up and that'll help me out and
I'll be psyched
I actually don't act like that at all
when I'm playing call of duty III enjoy
my video games I mean I get frustrated
don't get me wrong but you know I'm like
I'm playing the video games have fun so
uh rock on I'm gonna go I'm actually
gonna go meet up with my boy purple
layer and I'm gonna smash some heads
right now but uh that's it so stay tuned
watch some extra footage and check out
the model warfare 2 freakout video and
subscribe if you haven't and give me a
thumbs up and then like I don't know go
go play video game and be like dude yeah
I'm saying just just say just say dude
yeah goodbye
oh my gosh what kind of magic bullets do
you have so it's to death and when I'm
shooting you it's like hitting you with
a freaking thing of mashed potatoes why
don't you go play some golf golf golf
golf you can play some golf golf
it's called putt-putt I'm gonna have
such a headache but I can't I'm filming
this
