youtube what is up guys it is that time
again it's where I pull an old montage
out of my archives and show it to you
guys but I do not have the rights to the
song that I originally used so i had to
dub over with a song i do have rights
too and there's no skating sounds I'm
sorry but you're gonna watch it you're
gonna be like you know this is new in
that bad i'm enjoying this so watch it
boom
you
alright so that was one of my all-time
favorite backside heelflip I mean I
don't even need saying you saw it was
fantastic and it was actually about my
friend David Ralston he shreds as you
can already tell but just to show David
how appreciative of his backside
heelflip am i'm gonna do a hat-trick a
really lame hat-trick for him uh don't
all right fine i'm done i can't do the
hat trick at all subscribe i'm sure it
all right just so you guys know I'm not
angry right now I've been job definitely
i've been trying this hat trick for like
ten minutes and i can't get it just
throw the hat up late on my head no i
can't do it i suck a hat tricks but I'll
be alright and I'm gonna stop talking so
subscribe or Die just made a fool myself
on the internet
again it's where I pull an old montage
out of my rabbit revenues what what does
that word I'm freaking looking for deaf
on our revenues archives archives did
him Sodor start with the name
