youtube what is up guys i have two quick
announcements real fast one being good
one being bad and i'm gonna drop the
good one first and leave the bad for
last in a good way I promise but there
is a show coming up this saturday the
thirteenth and if you live in cincinnati
it does not matter what age you should
be at this show a little bit a little
preface before i explain the show if
that's the right word to use I used to
be in a band called the epidemic and
this is what we sounded like
I'm gonna hell well the lead singer of
our band my good friend Nate Wells moved
on to bigger and better things he went
to play guitar and do backup vocals for
the band blitzkid and if you do not know
who blitz kit is go down there and go to
the fund their myspace link and listen
to them because they are amazing if you
like the if you've ever liked the
misfits well then you're right there
right up your alley because they're
really really good horror rock hort rock
or punk and they are playing the mad
hatter this Saturday November 13th and
it's seven dollars to get in it's all
ages there's going to be some other
bands is gonna be all the info down
there but you should come out seriously
if you have anywhere near Cincinnati go
to the Mad Hatter I guess technically
it's in coming to Kentucky but it's like
I mean it's it's literally like a river
away it's just like a second away from
downtown Cincinnati be there all ages
I'm gonna have a camera hopefully I can
film a bunch of goofy stuff and make a
video of it for YouTube so I'm telling
you right now be there or die it's gonna
I mean if you're not there it's gonna
just you might you might actually die
and then that's you don't want that so
you might as well just go to the show
this Saturday the bad news though you're
probably not actually watching this
video that didn't make sense at all but
I'm sorry what I'm trying to say is that
my videos on YouTube are not going to my
subscription boxes my subscribers
subscription boxes and YouTube is having
a problem right now like in fact I've
had all these videos like ready to go
and they haven't been go to your boxes
so I'm going to re-upload them when you
fix this problem when YouTube fixes this
problem I came and talked so you'll see
this video's eventually but I'm sorry
right now you're not gonna I mean you're
probably not even watching this and
that's again of course they're watching
this they're freaking seeing me say this
all right a lot of my subscribers are
probably watching this but there is one
video that slipped through your fingers
when the I didn't know the problem was
was there and you might not have seen it
it's called it's like Mario can
skateboard it's like me Wes and Alex all
go out skating in our halloween costumes
so i'll put a link at the end of this so
go check that out and I'm gonna go
because this video is just long and
talking and nothing that interesting but
yeah if you go if you live in society go
to that show stay tuned for the videos
when you should fix this problem and
bye
you
game
