alright so Wes just got here and both
Alex and Wes are like a normal clothes
just adding on a few things me I'm like
all decked out it's hard to skate it's
not fair hence why you can land that
trick I'm here struggling in a fat Mario
suit and he's just like doing shove a
chill grab look it's no end
oh no he's lost Elaine game over
i can i connect to be it that could
count because I'm Mario
all right now that I don't know I fell
and it was bad enough the board was like
whew ma'am did it didn't attend today
you too what's up it's a me mario just
kidding it's me andy and if you didn't
know that you are weird but what's up
guys so I'm just kidding about the weird
comment if you guys actually thought
this is Mario no actually I'm not
kidding that is pretty weird if you
actually thought this is mario right now
but what's up guys so Halloween time
came around this year and I was like
what should I be to dress up for
Halloween and then I was in the
halloween store and I saw this hat and
it was like a no-brainer I was like dude
that's a Mario that's just it makes
sense now cuz mario has been my dude my
entire life you know he's had my back
I've had his I've gotten some like extra
lives saved his princess couple times so
we're tight and that was like I have
this how this mario costume and I'd be
an idiot if I didn't go skate in it so a
Mario skate video I don't I don't know
if you can get much better than that it
better involve like a really really I'm
not even gonna I'm gonna finish my
students right there it just better
involves you know I'm saying it better
involve it better involve I'm about
wrapped up here guys go down there and
give this video a thumbs up if you've
ever played Mario in your life and you
know what find the subscribe button if
you have not uh subscribed me yet and on
that note I'm gonna say I'm gonna be
repetitive and i'ma say subscribe or die
with no green mushrooms you'll be
screwed you will be so screwed by
I got you right in the Mon dude what are
you dude what are you i am a nocturnal
hippie pirate
there's some outtakes whatever expert
bonus footage hey what do you think what
do you want it would don't leave me like
that is in this cats just sitting here
like why is he screaming then he gave me
a dirty look is this even if he oh this
is a ninja this is definitely this is a
she whatever you gave me a dirty look
and I'm not down with that you just
slobbered on me what kind of cat
slobbers buddy you got a mario hat crap
oh all right all the cats are like hey
then perhaps like hey don't you be
touched by Maria how this is mine I
totally got it and just like whatever
I'm marching this mountain dew right
here I'll wait I'm being filmed oh shoot
I forget
