Chevy
yeah what's up dude hey is it true that
Lady Gaga has an obsession with
collecting vacuums I'm saying you should
google it man can you tell me why
there's so many months to begin with the
letter J dude I don't know what do I
look like Bill Nye the Science Guy just
google it what time is it I don't know
what time it is you're gonna have to
google it and what would Jesus do I'm
gonna say google it d carvers rue is
back little Toro then disappear from the
skate scene entirely I don't know man I
reckon you should google it why does
Andy schrock always wear a red t-shirt
Google it's treasure from Zelda evylyn
man septic tank just google it what is
some plastic giggling patriotism google
it where am i giggling papers keeper I
need help
what the heck's yeah dude I have no idea
googly
YouTube what is up guys it is 347 in the
morning and I've been trying to figure
out what I needed to say in this video
and I've been coming up with nothing so
I'm keep it short and simple go down
there and give this video a thumbs up
Google has ever helped you out and if
you're not giving it a thumbs up right
now then you are a liar because Google
is the man it helps out always it's
always there for you unless you don't
have internet access then you are
screwed but this surprisingly enough is
a sequel video if you guys do not know
the first spaz house scream video would
be modern warfare 2 man is stupid so go
check that out and come down here and go
boom here's the outtakes video over on
Nick's who started Chevy Ford in this
video his record labels YouTube channel
the outtakes are gonna be there so check
that out and subscribe to his channel if
you haven't subscribed to my channel go
find the subscribe button and do so
other than that I'm gonna go I'm gonna
grab this dinosaur and I'm gonna walk on
a frame and it's gonna yell at you how
to focus I may add draw so that like
spit
