what's up guys so I'm doing the
day-in-the-life today and the first
thing I'm doing is bowling for a breast
cancer benefit which is ironic because I
just did a skit about breast cancer
awareness and Here I am now I'm going to
something to raise some money saving
some boobs by throwing some bowling
balls but that's good right
and the fun thing is is that I'm totally
going to go wearing my pink suit jacket
thing I wore so let's change let's
change where is it and for all you
people that like watch my videos but oh
my gosh or would you'd wear a red shirt
look I put the red shirt on and then
believe it or not I put another shirt on
that is just mind-blowing isn't it
everyone's always trying to get me wrong
on that like totally were richer than
the video in like what like I wear my
red shirts for me I don't do it just to
be cool on YouTube you know sad not
gonna go not gonna go break in twelve
years of tradition for one video on
YouTube because of crazy boom Here I am
breast cancer Andy let's go do this
and turn the camera on then he's got a
curse you got pocket of socks but about
socks before we go it sucks
alright what's up guys so I picked up
Nick and we're about to go eat and then
go to this bowling thing but the thing
is that I am replacing Emily today my
good friend and just happens that she's
Nick's girlfriend as well and she is
like a professional bowler like she
makes money off bowling so it's they're
they're taken they're taking me instead
so this is gonna be interesting
Scotland Starling skyline I told you in
day
hi this is my good gal pal Lisa hi Fred
target Allen
he's got alright so I'm here at the
bowling breast cancer benefit and I am
the only dude like the only person
dressed in pink right now is where I
mean some people have some like light
pink shirts but like hot pink yeah I'm
your dude right now but let's do some
bowling perfect 300 game it's going down
that was good fo real dude good document
so how much did you just spend on this
$450 but that goes to charity so it's
all good
breast cancer this is is straight to
boobs Big Red Machine for boobs Big Red
Machine for boobs and all in all honesty
here I'm gonna stop hold this so it in
all honesty this has some crazy freaking
autographs on it heroes Joe Morgan
Johnny Bench
Tony Perez George Foster and a partridge
in a pear tree
yeah Beauty what up dude I just went to
a breast cancer benefit go figure
right and I'm saying that uh we film a
little breast cancer skateboarding
before we skate okay so we just go film
me dressing like this the most which
off-schedule street cool down and you
guys are gonna see it because it's gonna
be its own video
oh my gosh okay so if you want to see me
land that three flip in the pink suit or
whatever you wanna call it down the
seven stair uh there'll be a link at the
end of this video and I just made Alex
film for a solid 30 minutes so I feel
bad so I'm gonna go film him Street
skating and let's see what he has to
offer guys and I'm all sweaty because
it's really hot in a suit so don't even
look at me like that YouTube I don't
know you're thinking so we're here at
Dena toes wall that's what the spots
called it's actually next with Nas pizza
parlor but this is my all-time favorite
skateboarding spot this is where I grew
up and learned half my tricks like right
here was where I learned it in my very
first three flip so it's some history
here it's on my home like strip in
Cincinnati and I'm gonna film Alex get
in the wall and I might do a few tricks
you don't know
hi dude
I did the whole intro and then you're
gonna come and try to me my car
you really did hit my car why'd you do
that
I already lost my freakin hubcap dude
how dumb is that alright so instead of
you seeing Alex Kate you're gonna have
to watch its own video because he just
shredded it he did like every trick in
the world
- like probably like 50 but they are
really good is it about tricks it's
gonna be its own video but I'm not gonna
not gonna leave you empty-handed I'm
gonna film a few tricks right now
all right so it gets dark really early
here in Cincinnati now and that's kind
of sucks but uh I'm beat and I don't
want to jump down this wall so I'm gonna
call it quits on skateboarding and I'll
meet you in the future in a few seconds
it's gonna cut because it's a video it's
gonna cut and I'm gonna be somewhere
else probably a lot cleaner looking so I
lied to you about being cleaner because
I have definitely not showered and
cleaned up yet I'm gross but I'm
starving so I'm going to eat my Jimmy
John's while I watch parts of the
Caribbean - and then I'm going to go sit
in my computer chair and edit and load
footage for the rest of my life and it's
going to suck but uh that wraps up my
mini day in the life there it wasn't a
short day in life I just didn't actually
film as much as I should have so yeah I
raised some money for breast cancer
today and then I skated and made to
skate videos because Alex shredded and I
had to film that one video so rock on
I'm going to work on videos for the rest
of my night and I will talk to you guys
later
you know I'm saying I'm not gonna leave
you have to hand it though here is a
footage of a lady that hits a school bus
with her car I have no idea how she did
it but I woke up this one morning here
it is and goodbye how do you hit a bus
turning around a corner
honestly hit a freaking school bus it's
big and yellow and in front of you and
you hit it with your car
and you were about to see me filming you
that is kind of creepy I mean maybe she
was just sitting there and then the bus
hit her but still the things don't move
that fast you know she could put in
Reverse real fast be like I'm getting
the heck out of here before bus hits me
she did not do that
sake speeds out
