youtube what is up guys this right here
is a ruler but the only reason I did
this video is because when i did my
breast cancer skit I I filmed some
skateboarding for it and I forgot to put
a pretty funny clip in which is actually
after the in the outro of this video
it's like a fall but I was like to I
really wanted the world of YouTube to
see this clip and I was like well how
about I just go to the park and film a
few more tricks in my pink suit get up
and I'll make a little fun video out of
it so I went to the park and did a
couple tricks that didn't take me that
long because I didn't have a lot of time
and you got this video that's exactly
how it went down so be sure to stay
after this video you know the a video
ends and there's some outro itch watch
that clip it's a me falling and it's
pretty funny it's something that's a
little bit fun you know a few people
might out there a few people might out
there come on and you learn how to talk
alright whatever a few people out there
might laugh and on that note I'm gonna
go subscribe or and you can take that
however you want to it might be a threat
it just might be goodbye
Oh breast cancer testicles are gone as
Castle Croy pool
you
