what's up YouTube I just did a neat
little camera trick to make myself look
way cooler than i actually am but
youtube facebook wherever you're
watching this what is up guys i have a
new series of videos planned I think my
recent video stops sucking at love
people got people's brains working or
something because I had a few people
suggest that I do it ask Andy series and
I'm gonna try that um to kick start it
off I want you guys to tell me what us
to talk about first I do have one idea
but I'm gonna save that for a later
video what I want you guys to do is get
down on the comments and tell me what
you want me to talk about it could be
like a situation in life that you're in
your friends and whatever it could be
just a question or like an event like
whatever if whatever you want to see me
rant about I will well if I pick it I
will talk about it and if you have an
active channel it's a good way to get a
little mini shout out for your channel
because I'm gonna say hey this person
asked this question but if you want to
keep it private you know you can just
say it hey keep this anonymous because I
don't want to be broadcasted on your
video and that's cool I wouldn't do that
to you I'd be like we're you know we're
cool we're straight we're straight is
and cool you know Sam and if you ever
have a question that you've been asking
and I've just been missing the comment
over and over again I'm sorry the best
way to ask me a question is actually on
my official Facebook page it's linked
down there go to it and give it a like
if you already haven't I'm a lot better
about answering questions there because
youtube I get so many messages and
comments that there's no way I can keep
up with it Facebook's a little easier to
manage so that is the best way to get a
response from me and i think that's it
man a life I like I've been trying to
fill this forever so there's one heck of
a blooper reel in this one holy cow so
rock on go down there type a comment of
what you want to see the first ask Andy
video to be about and that is it I'm
done I'm freaking done I'm finally done
look I got a samurai sword and I'm gonna
go use it goodbye guys this is a fork
this is a fork this is a 4-pin throat at
the wall I met the chair to bounce off
it to the computer desk oh yeah
yes up look at me all cute like that
idiot it's freaking hot in here it's
getting hot in here so wave up all my
face wave my hands at my face to produce
air cooling it down but i'm doing a
frequently asked question video right
here because I guess mmm can so mad it's
like I just want to call a hotline or
something to be like a mad I'm so mad
mad again and I definitely can't get to
all my comment comments but fuck you
better believe i do each other breathing
right now and i kind of wanted to jump
start it by asking you this that's not
what i meant stop meowing I which one of
you guys did a bit stop it maybe i
should say nothing it clear or you just
talk like a ding ding and so nobody
understands we were saying an idiot
that's me on the computer if you just
don't know I'm dogged ooh right there
there's another Andy and he's a freaking
jerk he sits there and just screws up
the shots all the time she makes me mad
look it's like an infinite Andy because
it's like it keeps going like Andy Andy
and if you could zoom in to the next
computer screen there'd be an Andy it is
infinite let's let's do this guy's let's
go on this journey whoa whoa face my
face hey I just I just had way too much
fun with that what's up guys you guys
got to the end of the video once again
and you're probably thinking why isn't
you looking at me and I'm saying I'm not
gonna look at you yeah it's just
something I refuse to do right now but I
will tell you about these videos Nick
and I just released a boobie saving
video it's a breast cancer awareness
thing skip right here um it's for breast
cancer awareness so don't even think
that it's not that's that be ridiculous
of you check this video out right here
and then we come down here here's an
older skin of mine called James Ford bad
news guy check those both out and then
and then I don't know maybe think about
why I'm not looking at you and when you
have come to terms with that you can you
can we can talk okay that's cool goodbye
