hello and we have great news for you we
have breast cancer are you sick of
heading your cashing corporate scum Bob
Barker Ram Jam I am too let's move our
cash to a good cause that's a great idea
Jim
so we've got a wide variety of breast
cancer awareness products the likes of
which I've never been stopped letting
normal greedy products continue to break
your heart get a breast cancer awareness
product from on breast cancer everything
we have it all
breast cancer brand new breast cancer
fucking breast cancer 7th grade art
project breast cancer in this equipment
breast cancer thanks
iron meal at seal breast cancer breast
cancer mystical breast cancer female
frog breast can't use gorge breast
cancer cigarette
did you just feel that I feel it oh my
gosh that's our earth-shaking breast
cancer placing unbelievable Oh put your
mind to these products breast cancer
ain't electric cattle breast cancer
appropriately colored parking curb
breast cancer flowers press Penton
Pringle I just can't get enough Jim
these are the red cancer Imperial
Stormtroopers cancer hydrants what's
your biggest fear like Jim copyright
infringement
or by your regular product like this
mayonnaise we're about to go Harry
Potter on you
oh that's incredible job foobie say
today unbelievable breast cancer
kissable back carry breast cancer
someone else progress cancer electric
slap a breast cancer Skye breast cancer
masterji brush cat subscription pill
breast cancer kickflip backside 501 ad
out breast cancer breast cancer breast
cancer website on believable we made
quite the mess today and move on reserve
a few yes we have bill and remember for
all your breast cancer awareness
products go to breast cancer everything
calm unknowable I will tell you cross
cancer everything around order now or
right now all right
order is order so much my wife will
leave me water right now no do you feel
that you are a lump free my friend you
don't feel that no lumps you tube what
is up guys before you think that we are
the spawns of Satan for doing a comedy
bit about breast cancer hear us out
Nick's record label grasshopper juice
records has already raised over three
thousand dollars toward the breast
cancer awareness fund in fact on Tuesday
nights at our labels open mic we're
going to start doing split the pot where
we raise even more money for breast
cancer awareness
but the reason we did this get it's a
funny story actually we were in the
convenience store the other day and on
the counter there was an LED breast
cancer awareness flashlight we were like
come on it really just feels like a lot
of companies throw the breast cancer
awareness on their product donate ten
percent and they just use the cause to
push their own product to like you know
get richer off it and it's just like
it's kind of ridiculous that's what gave
the idea of doing it like sell breast
cancer everything and like it's making
fun of that so I promise we had we have
a good heart in all this why don't you
go down there and give this video a
thumbs up for the real cause of breast
cancer and if you want to donate your
own money we have some foundations in
the info below where they will let you
do that and it'll go straight to the
cause and that is a good thing but in
the mean
time we've got some boobs to save peace
out
let me shoot it and then just get the
video and I'm gonna form like all over
my face you go you want your mouth yeah
oh yeah you don't want your mouth oh
it's still rollin yeah oh looks like you
guys once again found the end of the
video so here's some videos you need to
check out here is the outtakes video
over on grasshopper juices YouTube page
my good friend Peter Frank is who was
our Master Chief has a halo armor video
check that out and Nick and I have a
recent skit called the dude brothers
chase scene so go check that one out as
well and I'm just gonna sit here
awkwardly while you do that who did it
doo doo de doo did it did it dude it did
it did it do all right that was dumb
goodbye
