what's up guys so if you've been
watching our revenge videos you know
that Jase is getting really good really
fast well here's some knowledge to blow
your mind
he just did Aflac around Ollie over a
fire hydrant so like I'm surprised free
is sitting here at the skate spot eating
Doritos drinking soda haha
neat there's like talk my shoes on my
body look at that blimey mate see that's
almost the whole length of this block
please do escape wearing strict dress
like that
how did that feel kind of weird man
usually we skate like the skate part to
warm up not fire hydrants
you're gonna write like an idea I got an
idea
why don't we go back in time maybe wear
some different clothes and skate your
box a few days ago so we'll save time so
we won't even waste time today I think I
warm up back in time yeah I want to warm
up on your box yeah all right we'll see
you there
this is a this is a line right now
Booya God I just figured thank to you
out only I'm just leaving I'm just
kidding I'm not
that really was that
Oh
yes all right I can't lay on the clean
I'll just disappointed you guys and
probably all of your ancestors so let's
go back to the future and skate some
Street dude dude we just came back to
the future while I was driving dangerous
fit that really is dangerous you gotta
watch out with that stuff all right
we're going to skate 187 can we get any
more cheesy right now what's up bud all
right youtubers this is little Ryan
we've been trying to get him to skate in
revenge videos for a while now and he
finally came out with this but isn't a
skateboard so he's using some extra we
have and why in the heck are look at
this guy's look at this blue freaking
red this is like the Red Team versus the
blue team will you be in bashful over
there alright whatever let's go skate
this gap
okay I'm so sorry what'd you do
accidentally cracked is what doc sorry
sorry Tyler
we'll get you new board Jace is going
bye-bye
hey Jace I'm going bye-bye hey tell your
mom you love her mama love you
later bud see you then flat bar go to
that Street Street spot okie all right
how about we go there and we do tricks
and then Ryan just sits there eating
junk food I just got called into work an
hour early so I got like no time to
skate now that sucks
oh no we're at a drive-through in a
video I'm not so good I just got called
in to work early
Wow Jesus a tit
you got freaking Mario Piranha Plants on
the other side of Israel alright what's
up so not only do I have to be at work
soon but so does little Ryan but this
gap just became skateable and I want to
at least ally for you guys but after the
the alley goes down there's more you
know what because I have some unseen max
Mayberry footage that I'm going to throw
your way other than that we want revenge
10 is done
that's the way to do it get work done
YouTube how's it going guys so that was
we won't revenge 10 this video drove me
crazy actually because since we started
revenge a lot of the original guys have
like kind of faded away and stop skating
and hanging out with us and it sucks and
finally Alex and I were just like oh my
gosh screw this let's just do do a video
with whoever we can get so that's what
came out and we're actually going to
revamp revenge here soon like with my
new job and have some more money to put
into it and we're gonna try to bring in
some new people to the crew because no
one no one everyone's bailing this sucks
you know I'm saying so uh expect some
changes in the near future and this
winter when it gets cold and rainy and
nasty like it always does in Cincinnati
we're not gonna be able to get through
as much but we will have revenge
skatepark videos like we did last winter
so look out for that and just when you
thought this video was just a normal
YouTube video well no because look what
I have her here this is a skater event
shirt and if you are color blind it is
green I mean it's still green if you're
if you're not colorblind but you know if
you're not car blind you can see that
it's green so this is a size small and
I'm going to give this away I'm thinking
of a word right now in my head the first
person to go down there and type the
word wins okay and that's that's a fun
little little giveaway right now I just
thought of that on the top my head
whoever says the word I'm thinking of
wins a small green revenge shirt and
that is it without further ado I'm good
to go
here is some max Mayberry unseen skate
footage subscribe or die
what the heck do you say with that that
was epic
there's Chris's head coming out of your
arm
get going - that's how you land it
that's not how you do anything
