what's up guys so that was Ray Jones my
very good friend skateboarding he is so
so so talented he's actually the master
of all heel flips like you think you're
good at breathing he's better at heel
flips than you are breathing that's
actually not true at all because you've
been breathing for a long time I'm gonna
give you that I don't care how old you
are you've been breathing for a while um
but now he is super super good he looks
like I'm not joking this kid can can
like wake up and just like stick a heel
flip down in Tennessee and probably
landed like right away like he's just
he's a monster actually he was in my
last video falls and like going way back
when he was in my last crew and I've
actually upset actually like 18 times or
whatever i'm gonna keep going all right
so what I've been giving some serious
thought and asking him to come on the
revenge crew full time so if you guys
support that idea give it a thumbs up
from what you see in this video I'm
talking way too long this is escape
buddy I need to just shut up all right
subscribe or die
yeah Raph where's the internet Raph look
at the internet rap come on look at the
internet but fine whatever don't look at
the internet just go play you're good at
that her he's actually the master of all
heelflips like you think you think you
