okay so it is not really cold but not
really warm it's chilly and windy and
it's a really crappy day to be filming
this but you know what we're doing it
we're here at Florence outdoor park
which probably means nothing to you
unless you live in the society area but
here's some skateboarding for you guys
dude that was laughs it wasn't it like
if you're this tall he was like up here
you know saying don't worry that was
good dude why you just landed I wasn't
trying to give you 50 alright that's
fine I'm gonna take that statement back
when I said it wasn't cold it is cold my
hands are about to fall off my body
chase to a kid with your fakies and
that's just it I guess
I don't care though can I took out the
hood you know is like it's on and I did
it that's cool for me that was where you
going that was beautiful dude I got an
idea while we just I'll just run toward
the rail right here how are you doing
all right you go you got that
unbelievable into traffic
go ahead get out of the freaking way
yeah yeah window down I yell at him hey
you get out of the street right now dude
please take a sweet time video and we're
at mcdonalds because all we do is go to
mcdonalds yeah there's a gap what we
wanted I want some food yeah what are
you getting it I'm not eating I'm not
gonna marry
