some skateboarders have a little bit of
a temper and my friends not growing up
we're no different so I put together a
handful of old clips of us getting angry
on our skateboards without further ado
here are some skateboarding freak outs
ah
ladies from ladies hair look at her hair
like that he has a couple days ago he's
just as mad so yeah we were a bunch of
babies and we know it but you know what
it turned out for some good comedy so
I'm cool with what happened but I would
just like to point out this one clip
that was my good friend like I grew I
skated with him every single day and
from time to time he did that and I have
no idea what he said right there
so let's play it in slow motion see if
we could get anything out of it
I still got nothing that is just
ridiculous so yeah we get angry at our
skateboard sometimes but what is
important is that when I give off my
skateboard I'm not angry I'm a nice dude
all over the place so subscribe or die
cool what do you know I missed that call
again
that's really uneffective that's really
uh effective when I'm trying to be mad
and you were you're meowing you I'm
looking mad and you're making cute
noises that doesn't work for any of us I
should make a montage of me talking my
cats and when they interrupting me doing
my video buddy right you guys just watch
that video and a few of you probably was
like wow these guys are dumb in a good
way I'm gonna start over I'm gonna start
all the way over I'm over it I'm pretty
shook up did any of you get Gabe yet
what's up guys so as you probably know I
don't know anything was that supposed to
mean I'm just insulted everyone that was
watching me I'm such an idiot
or I'm sorry yeah
and we're like all right this is and a
partridge in a pear tree
