yes so that wasn't me doing the trick so
I'm allowed to clap for it that was my
good friend Brian Eames he's been one of
my best friends my whole life he's a
really good dude and he used to shred on
a skateboard he still does but just
doesn't skate as much anymore he
actually is a professional photographer
and he takes photographs kind of like
this one yeah but he's a very very
talented photographer I'm gonna put his
website down there if you want to go
check out some of his pictures you'll
see some random shots of me creeping on
there I'm sure but um yeah and just I'm
not gonna leave you guys I guess you're
not empty-handed but I'm not going to
leave you guys without seeing a little
bit extra here is a little prank I
pulled on Brian subscribe or dad prank
away
so let's crack
you see it
Oh
