YouTube what's up guys this is a video
that I've been wanting to make for a
long time I'm going to be in a movie
I'm going to show you guys all about it
favors with me especially here you're
supposed to yeah you roll your Britain
we're getting pizza right now we're
gonna go pick up Bret but when I get to
the first K spot I'm going to tell you
guys all about this I'm so excited I
have always dreamt of acting and getting
my hands dirty and I don't know what I'm
saying I've always had a dream of acting
this is a just mind blowing this is
actually happening and a pizza first
let's go do this I mean I should not be
understand one we got pizza this is a
house okay okay she's you have eyeball
sir I do you got pineapple on pizza
I got Hawaiian yeah yeah which is
absolutely fine tastes good Brian's an
idiot he's going to give you crap if he
cares what other people enjoy yeah and
so what did you took Thomas yeah YouTube
comments really yeah well I'd say whack
whack but I got pineapple on pizza did
you urinate hit why would you care an
idiot you care what other people enjoy
God pineapple on pictures is really good
not to so this is my cheat day but I
messed up last night had a burger and
fries so I had two cheese days I feel
terrible Bamiyan pizza I forgot to put I
forgot to put red pepper and parmesan
I screwed up so much you didn't get away
do it we are off for the day I wish you
could with just a blob every school all
the pineapple development this is so
good
can't that pull the double bro this
isn't so good I'll get this hi Brett get
in the car where you going to call me
okay
the conservatory of coffee Culver City
California the best coffee ever super
good alright first pot of the day
are you down today alright well we're at
the school and I fall right away I hit
the biggest chunk of plastic or
something and smashed my camera on the
ground hopefully this so that you saw it
right yeah that's how I started I had to
make the same hit bruise that's always
started yesterday - this trip is not
going that great for me as far as like
not sure as bodily harm I hate it again
yes that's the second time I've fallen
in two days when I actually wasn't even
trying a trick okay I'm going to be
moving guys oh my gosh I was funny
enough that the day before I got an
offer for this movie I was talking to
William Spencer about getting more into
acting he was I did I'm going to help
you out he's the best human ever and he
was going to help me out and then the
next day I got an offer so it completely
unrelated to everything I was talking
about with William note about this for a
little while I've been waiting to
announce it here on my channel because I
had to wait for variety to do an article
on me look at it right there I'll link
this in the info but it tells you all
about it the movie is called paved new
world Alexandre Garcia is directing it
he's also working on the movie I just
dropped my phone he's opposed to working
on the movie skate God some of the other
confirmed cats is Chad pepper Daniel
Pender and Camilla illness was on
American Horror Story but they've all
been in a variety of things and this is
a dream come true I've always wanted to
get into acting this is a 90s era
skateboarding film so my character's
name is Gibby and it seems like it's
going to be a lot of fun I cannot wait
until it drops you guys can check it out
but I feel in August I'm going to come
back out here to LA to do it at some
point in August I'm not sure win but oh
my gosh I'm just doing it like a blogger
so today's you guys get to hang out with
me but I can't wait to actually go and
do this project just to get my hands
dirty with it and experience at all I
think it's gonna be a lot of fun it's a
comedy in the 90s the 90s were a great
time Brad could go as a producer on this
film and he is on some epic films
biodome beverly hills ninja Dumb and
Dumber
yeah he's worked on some of those epic
comedies I'm just really really happy to
be involved with this I'm honored and
I'm going to keep you guys along for the
journey so don't worry but then you're
going get some skateboarding and I'm
really sore from yesterday but I'm going
to go to try to get warmed up and skate
this ping table I just wanted to tell
you guys about it
and just announced that I'm on this
project and I'm super excited about it
I'll fill you in more as it goes but if
you want to check the article of me from
variety.com it's links right in the info
before I get done talking about this I
just want to thank Ann he's one of the
producers and Alexander both have been
super cool and just seems like a really
good bunch of people but let's actually
go do some real skateboarding hopefully
not fall I'm good at that
thanks for hanging out with me in the
shot dude that was those fun as soon as
I got done talking vessels like I'm
going to jump over this current oh my
gosh that's insane you just tried this
try what what's on this that is massive
it's so tall dude that's too good for
YouTube you want to do that line let's
get a camera dude on you one thing I
forgot to say about the movie is that
the writing team is epic on this too
it's Scott Mercado and Kip Koenig who
did biodome which I grew up with bottom
so it has a soft spot for me but uh this
train table looks super epic over there
let's get over there this thing it looks
so fun oh he did it he did it
oh yeah
aw crap
look at you
first try okay even in my video with him
I said what's up yet they did for a good
realtor Stanley well he does what could
you be like if I compliment on a sale
Andy
it just goes let's go with what I feel
like I didn't know what I was saying so
I'm just gonna not try to pretend I did
and then you distracted by your hand
when you do for you it it instead of my
face is my hand
I shouldn't look at it right
get in there so going Shh just going to
look at you I mean utter bedlam oh
that's why we're too close to the pole
when you pole dance and you can't have
stuff too close to the pole today we'll
see how close it was my head sorry
everyone I'm pretty sure it hit my hair
I thought your board was right there
step or step off um why I get away my
gosh I would thank you for doing your
magical stuff that you do every time I
skate with this guy he has something
crazy like that to do it's so hard to
talk to youtube right now because the
sun is blaring but that is it guys if
you guys want to know about my character
that I am in the movie like I said the
article is right down there I want to
thank everybody on the team that I've
talked to and been super super nice I
cannot wait for this to go down hang
tight for more information I do videos
here all the time
so here's a subscribe button right below
the video to see more from me and I'll
be back tomorrow with another video and
I'm so exhausting tired I kind of stuck
to that try that 50/50 Club but first I
can have failed the spongy pain table
and you're not here to watch me make
excuses so I'm going to go you guys have
a great day if you're on the top of an
80 story building what would you do
just lay there
now I mean you don't party I am the one
the party and yak told you we in
agreement about this that when we do
interviews you say the I party so I've
literally pages oh my gosh
every time you make me repeat
you
