youtube what is up guys this is an
update video so like always i'm gonna
say if you don't want to watch a dude
dressed in orange and red sit here and
talk about random crap then don't watch
this video you know there's some pretty
classic stuff on the internet that can
entertain you so why don't you know
maybe travel around a little bit but if
you do if you're still here right now
basically i'm gonna keep talking so sit
back maybe grabbing a soda or something
you don't live live life a little bit
and listen so my life has been exploding
lately like it's like right there like
I'm trying to explain that that's all I
got is that nobody really is I feel like
everything in my life is just going
every which direction it's like getting
out of my control except girls this is
like the first time my life that I
haven't had any girl problems like
usually there's something with like an
ex-girlfriend or girlfriend or something
dramatic happening in my head but this
time nothing and it feels fantastic it's
kind of like that song like I got 99
girls but a problem 81 wasn't the right
leery I'm gonna take this video it's
really it's really hot it's way too hot
and I'm gonna just pause pause it I'm
gonna throw it I'm gonna sit down and I
keep talking so I've been trying to
prepare for music shows i have coming up
I've been trying to stay on my
skateboard a stay on YouTube I've been
trying to pay the bills I've been
working on a lot of skits with my friend
Nick Mitchell who you're gonna see more
of in these skits but I've just been
like it's I don't even know how I sleep
anymore like it's just like I wake up
and I start working on things whether
it's a real job or it's like a you know
a video or something it's like it's it's
like a bit much my brains about to
explode the midst of all this chaos
something grand has happened I have got
a new job I um it's it's my switch
serving gigs cuz I used to serve the
olive garden which was uh you know is
all right money but I went to a fine
dining restaurant and they're like you
know what i am gonna hire you Mandy
actually they didn't give me an
interview really but they gave me this
job I was like heck yeah so I got this
job and I basically doubled or more my
income which is good and bad for you
guys okay my life's gonna be chaotic for
the next couple weeks possibly like a
month or so and I'm gonna do my best to
pump out videos but um if I'd if there's
like a slow down on the videos it's
because I've got way too much stuff
going on I'm trying to like like make my
way into this new job but the good thing
is that with making that much more money
I'm going to be able to put money into
stuff
revenge like you can start seeing
revenge t-shirts and we're actually
about to redo revenge altogether because
a lot of people are just like losing
interest in bailing out on the crew so
we're like down to a skeleton crew right
now I'm which we're still trying to
schedule some time to go film we want
revenge 10 but what I'm saying is that
like we're gonna have to revamp things
maybe bring in some new people into
revenge um so revenge is not going away
at all but look for some changes to
happen and look for some more product to
turn up when I get some dough rolling in
yeah talk about that for some news your
face just melted I'm just kiddin still
there you can feel it your face is still
there everyone's freaking out like what
what what do you say that about us up
but instead of going on and on like I
usually do i'm gonna try to start
wrapping up this video i pretty much
said what I need to say and that is that
my life is about to get chaotic so bear
with me I'm not going anywhere since I
haven't been able to get out on my
skateboard Lillian film I'm gonna start
showing you some footage of my friends
I've gathered over the years and I have
some hammers so prepare to get your face
actually melted now because I have some
talented skateboarding friends all right
used to because I would quit
skateboarding on me anger aside don't
start me Allen anger aside that's pretty
much all I got to say I've got so
prepare to see some skateboarding first
that's not me prepared to see we are
avenged ten eventually I've got skit
coming out this week that's really weird
um and that's in but uh freakin bonus
question guys I was thinking about doing
some like some rant videos just talking
about like life situations and I wasn't
gonna like replace them like I'm gonna
still do the other videos just as much
but you know I thought like maybe some
vlog like videos where I just talk about
like some serious situations in life and
give you guys some motivational pep
talks and whatnot so if you think that's
a good idea let me know down there you
know if you don't think it's a bad idea
black and you're doing way too much
already just calm down that's a crazy
idea um but that's it I got nothing more
to say I hope that video wasn't to a DD
for you guys um but you know subscribe
or Oh a freakin pipe
bet you wish you would have thought of
that this is even real and that was
stupid what's up guys gotten a ninja
fight this weekend got myself cut in
half this sucks guys this is this is a
freaking update video Andy how am I
gonna be am I going to be anything with
my life if I can't if I can't get this
video done today I probably manage but
I'm just saying you know I'm saying I'm
getting really fed up about not making
this video and for once in my life I got
nothing and that's great it's like that
song I got ninety eight ninety i got
stutter stutter stutter stutter stutter
stutter stutter stutter stutter stammer
I don't think my body was supposed to do
that talking about random crap i'm gonna
try to start rolling up this video
rolling up how you wrap it up you don't
roll up the video kind of dummy rolls on
video I was gonna cat staring at me it's
really it's really awkward you know like
I can have a whole room of humans during
every but when you got a cat staring at
you and I talk Ryan Chambers is going
why don't we just want we just talked to
Ryan chambers hey you know what Ryan you
are on YouTube right now yeah say what's
up to you to do people other than
Americans watch my videos yeah oh yeah
you got I combine songs and ain't no lie
this is a cat say goodbye
I just kissed a cat on the live internet
that's how secure I am with my with my
manliness CULTAN cuddling with a
freaking kitten on the internet remember
that the best cat in the world what can
you do that too just like a tackett's
face and just make weird noises she's a
school shooter stays here yep all you
can't owners are jealous stop pushing me
away you should be on my side right here
alright whatever go away
