all right what's up guys so i feei yeah
what's up guys so I landed a half cabin
has ground 180 algo de and I haven't
done that in forever and I was like like
a light bulb went on above my head and I
was like dude I should film that for
YouTube so I've come back today dressen
closing normally don't skate in so i
might look a little weird but uh i'm
gonna land it for you guys that was fast
I'm just like lightning speed where I'm
gonna be doing this will be doing this
we can rest of my life just let me a
sloppy over never
God forgot I forgot my line again give
me the script come on bring it over here
ha I'm just kidding I don't have a
script I don't I actually don't plan out
any of these and that's pretty obvious
because this outro was pretty stupid and
I'm saying so I'll just do what I always
do and say subscribe or die Oh food you
haha um that's all I god I'm done
don't start doing that again I give me
out the whole night and I'm open my
mouth to says over the camera a new meow
yeah be firm with these cats or they
will walk all over you hey my name is
Tristan Evans and I want in any shocks
video get all of the seventh yeah all
right I'm gonna go film you hi I'm gonna
take a few looks first you take a few
rows first you got it what are you run
away for man you gotta hit this you have
first try say first try thanks Jay dude
I don't know i got you like laying there
oh dude only I got it you guys all right
yeah guys had helmets ready for the
occasion I was good
you
