yeah can I get a one southern chicken
style sandwich a medium dr. pepper and a
side of I just got 10,000 subscribers on
YouTube just a southern chicken sandwich
in the dr. pepper actually Wow so I hit
10,000 subscribers and of course I had
to tell McDonald's about it because I
tell me downloads everything but
honestly my reaction when I hit 10,000
subscribers was this
all right I'm just kidding
that was not my reaction when I found
out I had hit 10,000 subscribers that
was just a random clip I had but I'm
pretty sure that entertained at least
one person out there so so rock on I'm
glad that dude got excited for that but
no I am completely excited and honored
and happy and all those good words to
have reached this many subscribers it's
it's kind of weird because like I always
thought it would happen eventually but I
didn't think it was gonna happen right
away because this time last year I had
about like 800 subscribers and so I just
in the last year I've gotten over 9,000
obviously if you just did your math but
you know I've just made this video to
thank each and every one of you it's
pretty obvious that I couldn't have done
that without you guys hitting that
button it's it's crazy to think that
like 10,000 people out there like know
who I am it's really crazy but I'm not
going anywhere I'm gonna keep working
hard at this and we'll see where I'm at
you know in another year and once again
thank each and every one of you I
appreciate everyone I have some of the
best subscribers in the world and I love
you guys and I'm gonna keep doing I'm
doing I'm not going anywhere
I'm gonna I'm gonna stop rambling though
because you can only say thank you so
many times in this video you know saying
like I got two things to say it's like I
did this heck yeah and thank you and
I've said it so uh I'm gonna go there's
some bloopers at the end of this because
I'm an idiot
so subscribe or get lights a bird cool
my lightsaber won't work goodbye
we'll be at in you know a year from now
so we will see all you people that watch
this try to remember I want to I don't
need to say that at all I'm going to say
that at all
and I'm crooked just woke up and I got
weird eyeball we just woke up eyeballs
that's the thing I got weird just woke
up eyeballs that's what I have right now
it sucks
okay thanks dad
it was my reaction when I had what I hit
I didn't hit I found out hit found out
hit found hit found start over that was
my hair looking how does my hair looking
the same as it always does okay let's do
this well and in fact I like I haven't I
was I was stuttering like I do all the
time gonna shake out my chair
