sitting on the internet with the cat
you've been hanging out with me for like
20 minutes and then I'll start singing
to you and you run away cuz I'm on
freaking YouTube oh yeah alright cool
you're ignoring me that's a surprise
because that's what you always do
youtube what it is guys this is just an
announcement video if you do not live in
the Cincinnati area or you are not 18 or
older you have no reason to watch this
okay alright so we just got that clear
so now that you have kept continue
watching this just just know that this
doesn't really have anything I want to
stop talking all right here I said I
have some big news in my music world a
while back and the announcement never
came but you know what here it is that
did that even make sense i am going to
be an opening act for afro man when he
comes to cincinnati this weekend
September 18th he's going to be playing
at East End cafe which I have an address
down there yeah like I said you have to
be 18 or older to get in but it's
afroman he's a piece like a nationwide
active everyone knows who he is so I got
the opportunity to open forum and I'm
like yeah sign me up so it's gonna cool
I'm playing some some goofy acoustic
songs making people laugh you know like
maybe making people cry let me know um
but it'll be good time and if you guys
live in cincinnati area you should come
down and say what's up and support me
and it's like sad mess up or something
everyone else is laughing at me don't be
like yeah i love when you mess up so the
people that are laughing at me will
still think I'm cool you don't Sam so
that's why I need you to come down but
it'll be a good time so that's I mean
this is really all that i made this
video for for all my viewers in the
Cincinnati come to East End September
18th it's ten dollars to get in before
ten o'clock and it's like 15 after ten
o'clock that's the cover but I play at
nine o'clock so if you're gonna come for
me you get to pay ten dollars so I'm
gonna play from nine to nine thirty get
there watch me and it'd be fun and then
stay for a per man if you're if you're
in him you know which the most people
are so that's that's all right but I'm
gonna stop rambling because that's what
I've been doing this entire video rock
on all the infos down there show up or
die now I'm gonna go my Katzman me I
wanted me the whole time I'm gonna feed
you now okay you can be so psyched and
you're gonna stop
meowing and on that note subscribe or
dad right freaking psycho cats
it'll be really bad you're gonna have
actually you'll probably will you be
stop meowing okay I don't you guys were
hungry I'm gonna feed you okay it's
gonna happen it's gonna go down just
stop meowing at me I'm trying to film a
video do and if you do not live in
cincinnati or this in study area and
you're not 18 or older what am i doing
my hands I'm like I'm just touching
things like finger here to touch this
all right figured figure here slap it
around move it I'm starting over that's
that's what it's come down to I'm
starting over this is starting over
