YouTube hello what is going on so I
can't really say anything to prepare you
for this video uh when I mess up the
talking parts of my video I I get weird
and Goofy and that's that's pretty much
all I got to say this here is the
blooper montage - right it's okay next
question I hope last question but Davey
yeah do you think I really have
Tourette's do you think I actually have
Tourette's I think I might because that
helped me because that helped me get
this video done well I should just leave
my business over here to yourself lad
you say but before I even begin this
update video I'm gonna show you guys a
treat all right I faggots
I can't I'm gonna mumble without it did
this clip Hey yeah the only baby hey
it's kind of like when you're sitting
there with somebody they don't quite
know what to say after you just did
something pretty stupid it's what I feel
we have an awkward silence right here
YouTube sorry we'll get over this though
we are gonna get over this
yeah man go you think I'm normal
and so and I okay I'm pretty sure of all
the stupid spazzy freakout things I've
ever filmed my videos that was the
stupidest one ever like I think that
might be so embarrassing that I might
not even put it in a video what do you
say to your ex nothing oh it's that time
again
I freaking wit I pointed that way in the
middle we'd fish this way
fish I love it when I'm freaking trying
to I'm not gonna explain myself I'm done
what did you buy this stuff I didn't
steal it if that's nice believe it to
you
these are precision these aren't to
skate bearings it boys had to find out
through the computer that you're making
a dumb face classic okay calm down let's
just do this again all right let's go
all right yeah are you ready I'm ready
I'm ready if you're ready okay will you
do this and then we'll get this dumb
video done we put on YouTube all right
okay let's do this
dude if I was ever an actor I'd be
awarded I'd be like they'd be like wow
that hey guy that guy is on drugs
but I don't want do drugs so it's like
you know I don't even know I'm saying I
don't even know so I just cut myself on
some plastic container that a sandwich
came in and I'm pretty mad that didn't
really sound mad at all I'm pretty mad
yeah so that was great thank you very
much but why don't you take a second in
bed next question all right that woke me
up kinda look of that little blue bitch
my face is all red
it matches the curtain well my face is
really red right now
the heck am i doing breathing here we're
gonna calm down okay
you know I'm saying all right but let's
get this started
did I just say anything right there nope
that's it that doesn't matter though
let's keep normal um I'm gonna get in
the first the first prize is the fourth
prize I'm gonna redo this yeah that's
not fair well got home the Freak down in
day and I can't even say my name right
holy cow I'm done right down here I'm
getting so boring ah he's just name
tougher to move in and then monotone
voice that just sounds like a Looney
Tunes character right there picture of
me at my local skate park having a
session and it was like a hundred
degrees outside today why are you
laughing at me the people talking to
your head sound really funny that was
well you got a curse so I can use that
okay just me out just bleep you out yeah
I'm rude I'm rude
do you feeling so they hurt I've you had
feelings Thank You driver die that was
delivered horribly leave it to us to
come Doran's
yo doesn't do this is kind of the table
you broke the table why'd you do that
