just say hey we're going to film the
intro - we want revenge 9 yeah
so it's Max's last day in Cincinnati and
we're filming we are Revenge 9
it's Max's last day in Cincinnati today
we're filming we want revenge 9 it's
pretty cool
you have a good day later man thank you
okay
that's all I said okay all right so
we're waiting for Jace we gotta pick him
up at some oh there he is
is he wearing hey I was gonna hit by
that Cohen he looks like he's homeless
dude he's got like a hoodie on carrying
women's clothes and sweatpants making
weird deals of people's window what are
you wearing it's like 90 degrees outside
dude it's the last day max was that look
for gonna dog film the dog you gotta
film the dog dude film the dog uh all
right so max where are you moving to bud
he's leaving us there's yeah he's
leaving us
he's leaving Society and this is his
last day with us it's gonna suck you
know your highness the fact we don't to
drive across town to pick him up every
day that's gonna be awesome but I
already had to drive across the country
yeah now I'm Jack across the country why
dude we had some good times I mean you
remember that one time we skated that
crazy skate park oh yeah
that was good that was good time
I don't care
I'm not filming dude I'm not cuz
everything is my fault oh did you do you
just fate what are you doing now what
else my dude
that's my dude do
ah that was the stupidest much for
sleeping skipper
all those yesterday yeah that completely
was pretty good time oh that's right we
skate three stairs you're all in just
keep it rolling
yes
I was number two
number three L's better
so we're skating some new spot that max
has and they Park and we have to find a
spot and we park when we find our spot
they're gone no you suck Alice
dude please someone do a trick on us
right now
done smooth round of the world it's the
best into the wall you anymore get
anymore anymore yeah get it ash of it
what'd you say Oh should I this boy
who's got what next
did that light needs to go away excuse
me
oh my gosh
oh dude is that really there it's right
yeah are you like afraid to move or
something
yeah what is not people sacking in this
video I kicked before you man I kicked
your board for you cuz I knew you're
angry I saw it in your eyes
in the mall dude yeah man this praying
mantis right there goodbye max leave
just leave us
haha I'm just kidding max isn't dead um
I know I've done that before one of my
videos but I could not resist this time
I was like dude this is just too perfect
so I wouldn't kill max I mean I didn't
actually kill him but I faked his death
on YouTube so uh that was that was fun
yeah we actually had another ending to
this planned max was actually going to
show up to an open mic i was doing later
that night and i was going to get had
like the whole crowd say like goodbye to
him and stuff and that's how we were
going to end the video but max didn't
show up to that I guess his ride didn't
pick him up whatever and you know what
you get for ditching us max you look
what you left in my car here but this is
your beanie you don't I'm gonna do I'm
gonna give it away on YouTube so to
everyone on YouTube if you want to win
Max's beanie go down in the comments and
say I want Max's beanie and this is why
and if you one of you guys impress me
with why you should get Max's beanie
I'll send this to you and just make sure
if you're under 18 make sure your
parents know you're trying to get some
random dudes beanie
on the Internet and max you're not gonna
see this again that's what you get
unless you make a fake account and woo
me with a comment but rock on max I wish
you great luck in Arizona I can't wait
to skate with you next time bud whenever
that is and everyone else here's some
footage to exit the video boom
that was scary yeah thank you really
digitally but it's to exit the video
boom under my face
look at my face look at my face look at
my face look at my face it's weird
