all right what's up guys so every
skateboarder knows about love park it is
a monument Plaza in skateboarding and if
you don't know about it you need to do
some serious googling slash youtubing
but I'm here right now and I'm going to
take you guys around it because who
doesn't want the chance to see love park
let's do this honestly for our skater
the first impression of love park is
that I'm surprised that it's so small
it's like just a really small block of
the city I thought it was kind of
massive not really here's the like the
Welcome Center for it and look at these
rails Jamie Thomas a lead over yeah he
did back in the day right when his
wheels here to read the Franklin 30 play
yeah leave these knobs on wooden rails
and it is surprisingly crowded like
really really crowded and these ledges
look a lot smaller than I thought they
were
and the thing is about these is that all
the legends after all of the skating
they've seen are still completely
perfect like they're not chunky at all
they're smooth and they're not even knob
but the locals say that if you get
caught with your board in here that
fills it's cops will straight-up tase
you and take you to the ground which is
a bit crazy coming from Cincinnati that
would never ever happen so it's kind of
hard to believe that they would act like
that but that's insane in this gap the
fountain gap is fairly big I thought it
because all the tricks that have been
done on it I would say it can't be that
huge right it looks pretty long it's
massive pretty crazy not as big as I
thought
and that's that's when you know the dude
the guy wants to be cooler than he
actually is that you know
yeah now now here's like the main line
alleges and they do have these little
balls on them to stop you from skating
now that kind of sucks
but man there's still the ledges
themselves are not that bad at all
they're really really nice and just to
give you idea of how small the actual
plaza is here is one side I'm standing
on one corner and the other corner
there's just right there on the other
side of the fountain so it's a lot
smaller than I thought it was
I need you to take my picture I don't
know one very really there's a tech guy
do you fish are you doing me taking a
picture all right whatever
okay and here's a spot that I think this
is hands-down one of the craziest tricks
that ever been done here Carrie gets all
it onto this ledge okay it's not that
big at all the eyelid onto it quickly
gapped out and lipslide to fakie this
rail that is insane
completely nuts
props Carrie gets that's good is that
not good say good job here against this
feels great a good job here his job
great job here he gets great you look
like you're pregnant
so there it is guys love park summer
2010 it is all there there's a couple of
knobs on a few ledges but really all the
main stuff is right there you know
ledges stairs ledges off stairs
everything it's just such a shame
because you know I grew up watching this
place and all of the skate videos
playing in Tony Hawk and you know I come
to like such a huge place for
skateboarding and it's just like taken
for granted and it's just taken away
from us really so maybe one day we'll
get it back
but you know in the meantime I'm just
psyched that I got to see you you get
where you guys like to see it let them
know because you guys just sitting on
your computers watching this on YouTube
but rock on I am going to wander around
Philadelphia trying to find a skate spot
in the meantime subscribe or die pretty
sure someone just got murdered
ha how cool was this sticker that's my
reckless symbol that I put on everything
mine but what's up guys and
congratulations you have reached the end
of this video and that's kind of hard
these days you know it's kind of like
getting to the last boss in a video game
except I'm not gonna fight you right now
but what's up guys unfortunately I don't
have any footage of myself skating love
park because literally the locals there
told us that they have taste people for
skating in love park and that's not
really something I want to try I've
never been tased in foreign it's not I
don't really want to start right now but
if you have any footage of skateboard
you love Park even if it's just pros
skating it post it as a video response
to this video and if you want to support
love park getting handed back to the
skateboarders won't you just give this
thumbs up because heck it you know it's
like it's love park it means it's like
the most famous skate spot in the world
at least in my generation it was um but
that's all I got that's all I'm here
just at the end of the video but I'm not
gonna leave you empty-handed either I'm
gonna show you footage of me chasing a
pigeon in love park good bye
