so Sam spent the night at my house
because of car troubles last night and
I'm gonna wake him up with this
Oh
alright alright I just hit your car I
hit your car
are you mad but it's on YouTube now
sorry
but at least I knew whose car struck I
wouldn't lie to you
alright well congratulations you're done
hope you learn a lesson though you're
right
I am sorry good ab workout for this
laughs oh I really feel it buddy
all right oh my gosh no how about I'll
be with you
you guys you guys want to see how who
can kick their board the farthest yes
and your board didn't go very far dude
this is what a dead body falling down
the bank looks like that's it looks like
you're obviously not dead Matt what do I
look like you ought to tell me what I
looked like like a pufferfish
I don't want to watch Spongebob don't
you get that just get the camera out of
my face
hey oh I'm definitely right here and you
just like sealed my left ear completely
solid I've been caked oh wait is this
well
I really laugh away like like yeah we
won nor the ones with pants full of iced
lemon eating zone you all right
Oh buddy you can't headbutt the camera
like that here and then you go right
back to lemonade
anis you're durable all right
I love you like a brother Anakin always
uh this is
but you guys is YouTube channel it's an
dich rock don't look that up all right
ooh groovy baby I really wasn't trying
to hit any of you did I hurt my son hey
in the Wiener Oh God sorry that's the
best thing you could've done
yeah the best thing I gotta do is get
you in the Wiener with the gate
fourth try that just happened I'm
leaving let me hang in dude
what you do today Pete you peed oh my
hearings dude dude you just fell so hard
I don't know how you made it over that
YouTube what is up guys so that was the
funniest montage ever three I've done
two of these and but they were way long
ago they were so long ago and I was
trying to come up with a fun idea for a
video this weekend
you're coming over here you're in this
video as a baby you pop your head on the
camera get hurt you know what I'm
talking about but yeah I thought this
would be a super fun video to make it
just captures like a kind of a time era
of my channel when I was able to go out
and film a variety of videos I wish my
life was that simple now but if you like
this video what is this like a Disney
we're gonna be a kid we got dog I'll
write and work with me today here's off
school for whatever reason right yeah I
love montage videos are just clips and
you probably haven't seen a ton of these
unless you've been avidly watching my
videos over the years but if you like
this video I can do another one I'll
probably wait a little while so I don't
like like do some like Greatest Hits
montages like back-to-back but I have a
big chunk of my channel like kind of a
basically of this point until now that I
can make another funniest montage poem
and hope you guys liked it it is winter
outside clearly this winter in
Cincinnati it has me making like the
same videos over and over again I'm
about to lose my brain so I'm just
trying to keep things interesting
peeping at I enjoy making and I love
putting together a little edits like
this so there you guys go I don't know
why the 720 flip is such a thing but
like in the first two I just put a 720
flip and put in the title so I have to
include it it's a tradition I guess but
that's it you guys have a great day if
you want to see more of what you just
saw hit the subscribe button right down
below my new videos here all the time
and whatever I think is interesting
about my life or goofy idea I have I
make a video of hit the subscribe button
and you're starting to see more you guys
have a great weekend and I have a new
video tomorrow which is it's gonna be
fun it's like a it's kind of another
stroll down memory lane video but it's
not a montage it's like a stay tuned
I'll see you guys soon
ah what you're doing with the dog in it
of their desert
okay just to explain that you were
trying to get close to the camera I was
trying to get my stomach are you okay
dude I'm sorry good ab workout for this
laughs oh I really feel it I feel like
I'm I've lost a pound or five all right
it's funny but not that funny it is it's
that funny
