alright so I just cut myself on a
plastic container that a sandwich came
in and that's just stupid so i'm going
to show you guys some skateboarding
footage that I am not in boom
home
Oh
I
Oh
no I'm not crying anymore I just I just
want to know if I should use neosporin
or not we'll make it better okay all
right I love you too mom but hey whats
up guys so that was the friend section
of my last full-length skate video I
released which was a couple years back
but the dudes shred in that video I'm
psyched on I'm especially that big spin
from board of the end holy cow that was
good and the song you heard was from my
old band actually it was called
nightmare city and the band was the
epidemic and we used to play that tune
so it was kind of nice because we
actually used that song in the video and
I have rights to it you know since I was
in the band and I did not have to do any
switching of audio or anything you
actually heard the skateboarders from
once and you know in these old part
videos someone to stop babbling because
that's what i've been doing here for a
while and i'm gonna grab my t-rex put
them right here and say subscribe or die
up bd's suck got diabetes suck sucks
sandwich came in and I'm pretty mad that
didn't really sound mad at all I'm
pretty mad yeah the epidemic and that's
actually on my favorite song that we
used to do favorite finger song just
favorite song I was one of my favorite
song that was one of my favorite song
you want to say one more time would that
make you feel better say over time that
was one of my favorite song sorry ever
ever writes that song so I didn't have
to switch the songs out at all that's
the actual song say saw one more time
zone some song song song song song song
song song song song song song song song
song song song so that's a keeper that's
a keeper in there but I what I'm good
done oh my goodness all like amazing
sorry right right now so many of you
guys are watching this on youtube good
job again guys uh what am I were you
saying what is a fast movements on the
computer or fun go oh and once again
computer chairs don't rule on carpet
