I said I likes that hey why are you
ready yeah
hands down strawberry was the funnest
one to fly into
should not give half a shit she didn't
care it all dude no she's dead wrong she
didn't look what one sexy look for just
she didn't what did you guys even enjoy
it
how we doing ladies you want some list
cake good hurry up that looks good
hassle
Oh
okay so this skit is a lot of fun to do
kinda but nobody seems to care they just
seem to yell at him when he hits me the
freaking cupcake nobody cares that I'm
actually covered in icing they just care
that you're a jerk
he escaped on your face how dare you
yeah thanks bud why would you be mad are
you kidding me she caught us she caught
us doing it
Hey
Hey
outro what the heck man I've even got a
chest tuck yet geez
my videos are getting ahead themselves
uh but this video went nowhere near as
planned we only bought four cakes and a
bunch of cupcakes so we were like really
limited to how many times we could try
this and no one cared at all not one
person like looked at me and said hey
man are you all right you just got an i
elated you know in the face by a cupcake
nobody cared at all some people did yell
at my friend like I said in the video
like one lady actually followed it was
like hey I'm not nice to you if you
would have got some of me you ever had
some real trouble on your hands but uh
it was a lot of fun like I hope you guys
liked it why don't you go ahead and give
this video a thumbs up if you want to
see me do cakes to the face to where we
get more cakes better shots and
hopefully get some people that actually
care that someone's getting you know a
cake smashed in their face uh huh but
you know on that note subscribe or die
alright outro take it away
it's all you know now so now you're not
gonna do anything right hey fine you
know what I actually have some more to
say when we were filming this
you like you look at like wrote
something on here you see this like some
like I don't know what it says it
doesn't look like that's kind of like an
accent oh because it looks like I'm
actually like belong to us a fraternity
or something alpha mega SIA cake what
scared what's get me what is getting
did people make up new words like you
don't come you don't hang out downtown
five seconds you're making up words that
was skin my is that dub do you guys know
that means no we probably asked about
what it means my face look did I get it
get most of it oh gosh yeah all right
do I even have to say anything dude we
better get these really good because
there's no way that this videos gonna be
worth this comes off pretty easy is it
coming think I look like a normal person
yet No
you
