YouTube what is up um I've got a tie on
my head for this video so you know it's
gonna be good but I'm gonna show you
something here I want you guys to stare
very carefully at this bunny and see
what happens yeah I just wasted seconds
of your life nothing's gonna happen all
that was a very unimpressive sound good
job buddy
stop sorry for wasting those seconds of
your life but you know what I'm gonna
make it up to you by making this video
but this is an update video and if you
don't wanna hear you talk or if you
don't wanna follow my channel or follow
my life or whatever then don't watch it
you know watch you go get some charlie
bit my finger action and I'm saying this
that's just a cute adorable video I
might as well go watch it I'm just
kiddin you should stay here and watch
this video so I have been house-sitting
my aunt's house lately and she has these
two dogs who I love to death they're
awesome but they are like big balls of
energy 24/7 they're like they're loony I
swear and I got some footage of them
being who they are it's it's it's pretty
entertaining watch this you're insane
how you to say you're a good doggy
coming up come on Sammy oh yeah
yeah no I mean I'm kidding you're all
right too but you won't even let me pay
well yours bark Wow sit ah really does
gonna be nice too can't you
yeah so that was completely adorable and
entertaining I know
no those dogs are a handful but I love
them to death they Rock the real reason
why I won't do this update video is
because I did my first open mic the
other night I sat in front of an
audience and played guitar and sang and
it actually went really well my friend
said that I got like a really really
good reaction which I mean I guess I was
sitting there and seeing it but like you
know they were kind of in the audience
so so I was really psyched on that and
you know what before I even continue on
I'm gonna show you some footage from it
blad ow
now
baby yeah when you use that skill to
bring me water
in Frisco I watched every nineties you
come show
so yeah I was really psyched till that
turned out I actually messed up a few
times but I don't think the audience
really knew I was messing up when I did
but it was it was really good time like
I said and I got me thinking you know I
was like you know what I'm gonna do this
more often Andy so next week Tuesday
August 31st I'm gonna be doing another
open mic okay it's an East End Cafe here
in Cincinnati so if any of you guys want
to come down all right well if any of
you guys actually know all of you guys
that can come down are gonna come down
Tuesday the 31st I'm gonna play around
midnight you have to be 18 or older to
get in and you have to be 21 to drink
obviously but you definitely should come
down and see me oh not only get a big
crowd in there and that'll be really fun
and I might even give something away you
don't know you might even like get
something just for come for the show who
knows I might that might happen um I'm
gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna cut
right now yeah I'm gonna go to the next
part of video oh wait and I just want to
say in my music world I have a pretty
big announcement coming up and it's like
a really big step for me and I'm gonna
be mysterious new grouser would be like
well tell me it's like well I'm not
gonna tell you just yet
I'm gonna wait a little while and I'm
gonna make an announcement about it but
I am pretty excited about this and
lookout for a video that says something
and you're gonna read it and your be
like dude I gotta click on this and find
out you know it's gonna be like that for
reals
that's it for reals all right though I'm
about to wrap this video up you will be
very happy to know that the next video
that comes out later this week is going
to be a public pranks video I filmed it
today actually and it was very it was a
very interesting day I'll say that um
but look out for that and make sure you
come to my show Tuesday August 31st I'm
gonna pull you around 12:00 so get there
around 11:00 you know and you can we can
all chat and all this stuff that'd be
fun they'll be info for that down there
and also you can follow me on Facebook I
have an official Facebook page like I've
said in the last few videos there'll be
a link down there but I mean I'll be
putting reminders about the show on
Facebook so I want you go add me if you
haven't you know leave that the like
button or whatever um that's it
that's all I got to say I saw him
basically down with video you know what
I've never thought about their story
there's two Andy's we can see the
computer screen who's we
there's an Andy and here's an Andy it's
like I'm gonna flip myself on the
shoulder
wow that frickin hurt dude your jerk
subscribe or die or freaking kick I'm
wearing a sandal yeah Oh lifts off my
foot
I have a list and I'm gonna use it that
was the dumbest I'm not just putting
that in the video that was that was so
dumb it'll-it'll to use it finger at
action charlie didn't bite your finger
gosh big freaking haha I can't talk
right shut up Annie I'm wait I need some
caffeine caffeine and turned my body
Bush caffeine was instant well you just
drank it you like wake you like tired
drink awake oh yeah there were some
footage from that Oz you freaking know
why don't you to say that you just saw
it talk dandy don't repeat what they're
seeing so yeah you're watching the
YouTube video right now guys I'm sitting
here talking and you're listening
because you need to know that right
