all right what's up guys it is not even
9 o'clock in the morning and we only got
like three hours of sleep last night
we're gonna go to Philadelphia and this
is like the one time in my life that I'm
not gonna feel guilty at all by waking
these dudes up this early let's do this
wake up in the morning feeling like
southern bass you know wake up wake up
wake up wake up wake up wake up didn't
you wake up to an arrow in the ear I
swear this it does not work I might as
well throw it away how long how long we
been trying to get somebody with this
thing it is pointless come on what do I
got to do to this kid all right you know
what I've got an idea
oh you're up you almost just got killed
let's go to Philadelphia guys all right
so we just left Ohio we have 10 hours
ahead of us of sitting in this car it's
gonna suck you know what's gonna join us
- yeah Wes how do you uh how do you feel
about Oh where's wait where's Muslim
you're not here did I entered warp drive
I'm in the zoom thing again we have
officially reached Philadelphia ladies
gentlemen who is psyched about this not
me I am my butt hurt I'm so psyched yeah
where is Jason do we forget him at a
rest stop oh wait he's not here and
neither is Wes x-men dude do not hit
this car do not hit that car all right
weed why why not you know that Billy did
someone drop the camera that's what it's
what dude get in the shower all right
what's up guys that was kind of weird
that was different
so after dinner we parked in the
downtown area Philadelphia and we skated
around we saw a low park
Hey Dude this is a good love part that
was pretty cool but there's like police
rolling around like guns pointed like if
you skate that ledge I will murder you
so we didn't we didn't skate because
security and police were all over the
place so we didn't really find in his
skate spots downtown I will leave that
to Mack
everything is an tieing skate of you
there's knobs and stoppers everywhere
but we get Beck's car and I get a
parking ticket this is like a
reoccurring theme in my videos lately
isn't it nobody nobody's theirs here's
these guys I'm talking but um so we took
four more hours to find a hotel which
broke our banks is like every hotel
expensive here and we're going to go out
tomorrow and skeet Street Street Street
skate all day and then when we wake up
with Charlie Cameron Yakuza you're gonna
see more of it
cool all right guys check this out
we don't have anything to say about that
this is sick we oh my god yeah they are
yeah I'm
I'm probably not going to do a thing
here because I don't skate transition
that often
Oh
leave it to us to come to a transition
part and skate parking curb outside the
park because you have to be like freakin
gnarls barkley to skate that you have to
be like good at transition
not this place it's like a freaking
restaurant okay you only go once had no
meaning what's up
got it finally yep
you
easily never skate anywhere else
this place is really really hard to see
yeah I got to I got to film the entire
time inside here now that I can't really
do anything
no this is like a different type of
transition and he's on the phone I just
show YouTube knows it's his dad
ha I got you that was not a camera
malfunction at all that was me editing
in a glitch yeah you just got fooled you
know I'm saying but we filmed way too
much for this video so alas we want
revenge 8 has to be split into two parts
so you know what that means to be cutted
Jude or die
hey congratulations you made it to the
part of the video after the outro and I
actually have something to tell you I
said this in one of my recent videos but
if you do miss it the first time go add
me on my official Facebook page and I
actually posted some pictures from
behind the scenes on our Philadelphia
trip so if you want to check those out
go click the link below and like it and
then look at the pictures and be like oh
these guys are Frings
and you can take that for whatever you
want it to mean we are a bunch of frames
I'm gonna go now goodbye later hasta
luego
adios or evoi meow
you know pigs so bad where'd it
I swear guitar picks have legs topics
have legs and they run away
