all right what's up guys so I'm just
filming a plain old state park session
right now watching this why don't you
just wear a purple shoes and make noise
people these days but yeah it's like a
hundred degrees out so I'm gonna be like
dying and sweat let's do this
didn't even mean to land that it just
kind of happened
I don't have to do that anywhere Iceland
I'm gonna turn around did you get that I
am The Sandman from spider-man 3 right
now
well the spider-man comics putter
smile just letting the Cubano face Andy
I didn't get it YouTube what's up guys
so yeah that was just some footage of me
at my local skate park which I kind of
just told you my half of the videos they
already knew that that's kind of
pointless but um yeah it was like a
hundred degrees outside the day and I
skated out in it for like 4 plus hours
and I'm pretty sure heat exhaustion
because it was like it was bad I like
could barely breathe like I couldn't
take deep breaths at the end of the day
it was bad you better not laughing
towers over here playing video games ed
tan the video I am gonna throw this DVD
like a ninja star at him I think that
would have taken your ear off it would
have hits you you are lucky I don't you
and you made a face you were mad at you
for a moment you so bad dude how dare
you hit me in the leg with the CD oh boy
alright so subscribe or die
under degrees today I swear and start
again
I was probably creepy-looking wasn't it
it was like a hundred degrees outside
today why are you laughing at me the
people talking in your headset really
funny that was know something I got a
curse so I can't use that just bleep me
out just bleep you out yeah I'm rude I'm
rude
do you feelings how they hurt I do have
feelings did stop right now
say subscriber day subscriber die that
was delivered horribly you are delivery
boy
