how goes it guys I'm here to show you my
second skateboarding video parts and I
had to get this from an old tape so the
quality is kind of here
and then I didn't have copyrights to the
song and I used in the back in the day
so I had to overlay that with something
I did have rights to which is actually a
riff my friends and I came up with but
you don't hear any skating it's just
like the sound over the old video so I'm
sorry but you have to deal with that and
you were gonna I guess I'm going to show
to you right now
BAM
you
no you didn't tell me that at all
they've really traded that for a
squirrel look oh hey hey they're done
watching the video yeah gotta go bye
what's up guys but I'm gonna give you a
little history about this video part
real fast at the end of this video
there'll be a link to my first skate
part and my head injury and the what's
interesting about this video is that
when I hit my head really hard I wasn't
supposed to skate for six months and my
first video part came out like right as
I hit my head about the same time and
the doctors told me there the next six
months that I wasn't supposed to skate
or or you know like ride a bike do
anything really special she's like hang
low and like sit the corner be like hey
don't hurt me but now I wasn't supposed
to skate definitely and I filmed the
video part you just saw I filmed the
whole thing within those six months
which is dumb you know like I could have
gotten hurt and died and on stuff but I
was just a freaking rebellious kid and I
was like I had my mat so yeah that's
what I said that's what was my response
everyone when they told me I was down
but I filmed that whole part like I
recovered and I like push myself back on
the board and skate it every day and I
progressed a lot and I've been skating
for a little over three years when this
video part came out and I was pretty
psyched on it wouldn't happen but that
said I'm done I'm done telling you that
story I hope that made sense if it
didn't piece it together and figure it
out so give me a thumbs up if that be
kind of neat nice of you I mean you know
and I'm just you know saying I'll stop
stuttering I'll just stop talking give
me thumbs up that rock and subscribe or
die
now
here to bring you my second video parts
and instead of talking I'm just I'm just
gonna sigh and real heavily and look at
the computer by the way Mira notice that
I always look right here it's like mess
up look as if staring at the screen is
gonna give me some secrets like why did
I mess up boswell look at the screen I
just got a message on my phone it's an
email much like the first uh why don't I
just keep on adding pointless freakin
information now I'm dizzy
yeah I'm did but here's a little history
about the park the park yeah here's a
little history about the park swings
slides people playing so I'm gonna give
you a little history about the skate
park real fast the skate park home the
Freak down and a and I can't even say my
name right holy cow I'm done
