what's up guys so I just woke up and I'm
gonna film a day-in-the-life today but
first I got to put some freaking clothes
on I wonder what I should wear probably
a red shirt alright so no matter how
much I feed my cats they are absolutely
crazy when I feed them they are obsessed
with food and I'm gonna let you guys
watch me feed them this time you don't
know which one I'm gonna put it in do
you what switch bowl
what's frigging bowl yeah stop Oh trick
the heck out of you guys
yeah I don't know if that came across
like crazy but would you deal with it
everyday and you see the little faces
good meeow meeow meeow all the time my
frickin gosh alright so it's freakin
lunchtime and I'm going to meet up with
Justin Ellison otherwise known all the
freaking camera shaking all over the
place
i'ma stop it I'm going to meet up with
Justin Nelson to talk about some
graphics cuz he's going to redo my
YouTube page I think so the cars about
to start
I was a little anti-climatic wasn't it
what it is bud dude everyone and their
freakin aunt is at Penn Station right
now that's what you get for coming to a
restaurant at 12:30 for lunch
this is awkward a budget point camera at
you a little a little I'll get over I'm
gonna stop sure all right so I'm just
calling a really simple white theme with
the banner that says like Andy Chirac
and it has a record symbol and then
somewhere engage all right so that
rocked talk to Justin talk some freaking
business and hopefully he'll have those
graphics for me and you're gonna see a
new YouTube layout on my page here at a
couple you know a week or two but now
I'm gonna go pick up Tyler and we're
gonna go swimming at my freakin
grandma's I said the word freaking a lot
don't I tried though I'm okay with it so
I'm sorry if it annoys you but I'm gonna
turn the music up for no reason all
right what's up guys so there's two ways
to get into freakin pool you can tiptoe
your way in until you're comfortable
with it like Tyler does or you can do
what I do
if there was an underwater camera
answered like a perfect skydive like
like you know how they go flat and
they're like their arms are out like
that they got the dumb looking goggles
that was so me down there - the dumb
looking God was alright well Andy is an
idiot I don't just walk in the pool
I dove in headfirst every time but now
he wants me to show you some of his
talent off a skateboard
so here's Andy's big giant superhero
jump get off the slide that was probably
a lot cooler in my head that it actually
looked on camera what's up guys uh we
are or I we do I wanna say that gap to
you I am so much David I don't good I
just said that but uh but I would just
like to point out that a normal day in
my life is not like this at all I
usually work but I do these on my days
off so I can actually do stuff in my day
in life it'd be extremely boring we just
did Dan alive extreme wall earlier route
gentle as frickin voice was right there
I'm sorry idea to you often uh yeah you
time you make me look like that makes
existence calls about my new deal I'm
about to sign a contract I'm actually
not gonna sign a copy if you turn that
off Hey look Jace is here Tyler frickin
give me your shoe matching much Jace it
like looking like straight up blends in
with you alright so we're here to pick
up Max and look at freakin Jace what
kind of thirteen-year-old falls asleep
on car rides different position sits but
again no J's days
that's not max I gotta see that footage
videos but Julie right this is well
we're gonna film you listen to us we
just looked at Jase for like an hour all
right what's up guys we are going to
skate a gap and it's like a mission hey
this is a high-security place so if we
get busted I might not be able to fill
in this video the rest of it at least so
wish us luck
go we're hanging low Security's nearby
the cops will know that this campus has
got something ready for that one dude it
didn't just shot raps my winger alright
so in the matter of 60 seconds I heard
the back of my heel and I got kicked out
like it was like all at one that's how
skating at UC goes we could drag your
foot some more bud so we're gonna go do
something else where we doing skating
you're gonna find somewhere else to
skate
hey Jack that guy's name is not Jack
that's a fun game if you're ever out in
public you want to fit play a fun game
you look at people and try to figure out
what their name is Eric come on he looks
for a second his name might be Erica BAM
alright what's up guys we're at some
little ledge drop-off and we might as
well film a few tricks up for it
here so there you go
rewind
we just got done eating Taco Bell and it
was freaking delicious kinda but uh last
time in my last end of life we saw like
the hottest girl in the world where we
need dinner and this time we got nothing
for you but uh yeah
so I'm not sure how long how much longer
this day in the life is gonna go but if
it keeps going then keep watching
if not then good freakin bye oh gosh
what's up what's up guys how you doing
today if I were a supervillain this is
nothing what I would look like actually
because this is just stupid and
unintimidating huh what's up guys it is
whoa
kind of breezy actually without that on
okay so I did try to go out after that
and film some more things for the day in
life but it end up being here and I
didn't think we should be interesting so
I cut it and now you get to hear me talk
instead of watching that uh but I think
it might be a while before I do another
day in the life because I don't know
what I was doing and I was like you know
where these and these are all gonna be
the same thing if I do more day in the
lives and I don't want to get repetitive
so I think I might wait until I actually
have like a day where I'm going to do
something pretty cool and filming so in
the meantime I don't know actually
brings up a good point though I've been
on writer's block on YouTube videos
lately and that sucks
so if you guys want to help me out with
that get down on your keyboards below
and tell me what your favorite videos
are watch on here obviously you know if
you guys think everything's great that's
awesome but if you want to give me some
specifics on what videos you'd like to
see more of um that would help me a lot
you know and some what I'm saying and
then I'd be like Thank You YouTube dude
or dudette whoever said that but I'm
gonna stop rambling and I'm gonna go
watch spider-man 2 I'm gonna finish
watching spider-man 2 and I'm gonna be
jealous that I don't have superpowers
myself so subscribe or die Dan and
didn't Dan and didn't didn't freaking
hit it
yeah how intimidating wouldn't see like
some bad guy to movie texting on a phone
like like yes kill him he is useless to
us hold on I got a text
Oh alright guys wrap this up I gotta
beat my girls mad at me I could be home
for dinner a little bit here
how - after that - try try try try
tragedy Chad tried to try to rap to try
to rhyme what's up guys how are you
doing today
if you said good well then I don't care
haha this is retarded I like a good
freakin I look like The Death Eater from
Harry Potter that went to work with the
wrong clothes on and so I look like
right now
you
