what's up guys so before I even start
this video I've got something really
cool to show you okay get any chapstick
you can find and then a thing of canned
air right hold them about yeah foot and
a half part all right and then slam them
together really hard oh look what you
just made you just made yourself a
freakin cough drop yeah how many people
you know that's how cough drops are made
now you do now you know that let's begin
the video but this is an update video so
if you don't want to follow my channel
or you don't really care to hear me talk
you might not want to watch this video
so my life for the past seven months has
been pretty much the same it's been like
work work work and try to fit in time
for skating and making YouTube videos
and is driving me crazy I I basically
like I have so much bills and so much
debt that i have to work work work just
great by each month and i am really
really really ready for a break in my
life but it hasn't happened yet but
there is good news i am taking a
four-day trip to philadelphia in about
two weeks I was supposed to Californy
about this time this year and but all
the guys like we didn't have our money
at the right time and we couldn't buy
our plane tickets and that it just fell
through so we're going to push
California like into the future a little
bit and we're gonna go to Philadelphia
and you will definitely get a video out
of that so I'll watch out for when the
time comes but it'll be fun hopefully we
get some good skating in some goof
around time all that stuff and I'm going
to stop talking about this I think yeah
I think I am and in the revenge world
guys some big stuffs about to happen
firstly we got our online store up and
running it's really simple but hey it
works so we don't really care if there's
a link at the underbar so click that and
go check it out there's some really
limited selection of skater event shirts
right now it's we would have small and
large is like all the mediums sold out a
while ago and this is all we have but we
are getting some new shirts with new
logos made and those will be out within
a couple weeks hopefully and then if all
these sell well we're gonna go right
into making decks so if you want to
support us and you want to see freakin
revenge decks buy a shirt it helps us
out a lot and there would be more info
coming soon I promise and as far as
revenge goes we're still getting making
videos and all that stuff so nothing's
changed about that we're just we're
about to rock the whole world you know
say and play in MO bein all right all
right all right
next part of the freaking video watch
out guys I'm about to talk a little
serious here which I know is not
something I normally do but hey this is
like a special video right um one year
ago I was at a point in my life where I
was just kind of fed up with where was
going I wasn't living like a bad life or
anything but I wasn't moving forward in
a direction that I wanted to I have a
lot of passions and I have a lot of
dreams and I don't want to end up in
some career that's just making me money
to get by you know I don't think that's
what life's about I have this motto it's
like live for what you love because
everything else is gonna be pointless
eventually and I mean let's say like you
know when you're 80 you're not gonna
look back and be like heck yeah man I
frickin I just worked a job that I
didn't really like it didn't make me
happy for 450 years it's like that's
stupid and that's not where I'm going to
be so one year ago I set a personal goal
for myself I said within three years
that's August 2012 I was going to be at
a certain point in my life you know
doing a certain thing and I'm not going
to go into details but I think i'm
moving along really nicely on that goal
I'm on the right track and you know
since it's been one year since i said
this goal for myself I've been kind of
molded over and it's really made me want
to say some things to you guys now I
know I have a lot of different age
groups to watch my videos but no matter
what point you're at during your life is
you know it's never too late to switch
your freaking direction you're going but
what I really want to say is that you
know if you have a dream or you want to
do something don't let anyone tell you
that you can or can't do anything you
know I'm not if you're a minor I'm not
saying don't listen your parents but a
lot of older people a lot of well anyone
will tell you how hard it is to do
something or they'll discourage you all
day and you know it's probably just
because they're not happy because they
didn't end up doing something that they
love and that's just ridiculous its
course is going to be hard you know it's
it's it is hard to make it in this world
it's hard to make it in this world doing
something you love but you know that
doesn't mean you shouldn't try because
you honestly can't accomplish anything
you want if you really set your freaking
mind and heart to it whatever you do
during this don't get so discouraged and
don't let things really drag you down
because along the way it's gonna be a
bumpy ride ok friends are gonna stab you
in the back you know girlfriends or
boyfriends or whatever you have are
gonna frickin break your heart it's not
an easy journey but you have to keep
fighting ok
because in the end you know I would much
rather say that I gave it my all and win
for something I loved and had that
adventure then settled from the get go
on a freaking mediocre life that's not
what I want and that's what I'm doing
with all this in my freakin three-year
goal I'm not settling for a freakin
mediocre life so I'm not trying to be
cheesy by this video whatsoever and I'm
sorry if it came across that way but I
just say it again if you have a dream if
you have an ambition if you want to do
something with your life then do it and
don't let anyone stop you because I'm
not and I'm gonna keep on fighting this
battle and I think you should too and on
that note why don't you freaking hit the
rock YouTube go ahead actually hit your
computer screen this is the one time
that we can do this you know i'm sad i
bet you I bet you at least half of you
people just did that and that's awesome
we're we're a lot closer right now but
rock on the video is over and I know if
any of you guys actually watch that
whole thing you're like oh my gosh
finally but now I'll be back to my
normal antics ASAP you've got some
videos up in here that I will execute
for you guys and that's that's about it
there's some moves then this like Oh
ways because i am i'm weird i'm kind of
hot but so check check all that out go
to the revenge store and subscribe or do
the heck my own video just cut me off
whatever i want to say it anymore
you know but lately well I just say
lately five more freaking times lately
lately lately lately and said Eddie I
don't I tried to say it five times don't
think I said it once and watch out guys
I'm not get a little serious here so
with Shaq I have to freaking laugh
because I just said I was gonna get
serious and then I did something that
stupid bow check finally heck yes hey
hey hey hey hey right 10 left hand right
hand left hand foot with a sock on it
hanes yeah so they look at this race but
attack does this look like i'll look at
the screen way chacha going this video's
it's kind of weird-looking talk I like
in the face what are you guys could hear
me howling a joke can you hear me haha
goodbye what kind of freaking way was
that this is nothing like a Broadway
musical thing like dancing dancing over
there like it I'm on stage trying to
make it in the big world Aramis top
piece by
