you that dude who skates that stupid
stuck it man
Can I grab my board Oh charlie bit me Oh
dance i freakin Dave yeah and that's how
I landed that trick how gross was that
it sucked and I kept trying and trying
and trying to land it better but I just
freakin good it was like 500 degrees
outside and I was just I had to stop I
was about to pass out it was horrible so
I got to go back to that skate spot
sometime soon and try to land that trick
better and alex gets to come with me
because he's got a 50-50 three flip out
the land to you know what but you have
days like that as a skateboarder and I
just showed you guys footage I'm gonna
stop talking but you're gonna subscribe
and I'm going to put these glasses on
and I'm understand just like this until
the end of video
oh it's got a weird it's like I'm
running really fast but I'm not all I'm
doing this but I'm doing the spinner I
just got to my destination that might
have been a little embarrassing on
internet but I'm gonna roll with it and
I just watched that clip and it was
quickly stupid and it really was
embarrassing kind I mean I I honestly
looked like an idiot in that clip but
I'm still gonna show to you guys i
attached this video because i love you
guys so on that note cue the adorable
outro oh you're just looking for a cute
kitten everyone wants to see aren't you
aren't you go you're not freaking leave
you can't give cats too much self-esteem
look they'll freaking walk all over you
