what's going on guys tonight at midnight
three blocks first launched first
offerings are happening super excited
I've gave Smith one of the team writers
here is with us to kind of change this
differ stuff we've gotten so all the
board's six sizes they all come at seven
point five seven seven five eight point
oh eight one eight two five and eight
point five first one calling this we're
going to litter of cats bag of cats a
batch of cats and the batch of cats for
ethic gauges here being super talkative
so hold on to that one for me buddy
did I can't remember we called the board
who is this one again is gage what is it
it's the big block terrific
again this comes in 7.5 all the way to 8
5 super stoked on this cracker on to the
two pros super hyped Jason Park he's
still pro this is his cannot remember
any of the names these graphics cad
forex we call his cat breaks out so this
is Jason's cat bricks graphic yeah who's
this Carlos and it is Carlos Carlos
Laura he's Pro for 3 block his first
boards of the filthy animal board Carlos
is an amazing skateboarder he's been
killed in forever super-sized that
finally get his first board you need to
go out and support this new by this
board he was awesome super hyper Carlos
on an apparel store I never lead any of
these videos since I'm feeling just as
always yes you are you know Matthew
talking and not breathing yeah behold
I'm not afraid of anything I don't feel
like right now it's super easy there is
talking but the second you feel like the
cameras on nothing to do with the
trumpet I think all it fish it's not
cultivate quad cat no not good gauge
give me a shirt we don't really have a
name for this but this is the logo for
three blocks we're going to call this
dog logo graphic so this comes in black
and what other colors come in white
comes in white thank you
so hundred percent cotton ring-spun
cotton t-shirt super supersoft super
hyped on this it's got a really good
feel to it really like this t-shirt next
one we have a crumpled pile of t-shirt
apparently now this is the VHS graphic
comes out of maroon same garment for
soft hundred percent cotton ring from
super soft t-shirt let's reiterate all
the stuff comes out at midnight super
psyched on all the first offerings of
this cannot be more happy to finally
launch this company super stoked
happening and I hope you guys like I'm
going to talk and you're going to move
your mouth okay oh and we didn't know
how much of the stuff to order and so we
got a safe amount now we have got a lot
of requests and skate shops in a lot of
excitement so this stuff may go fast if
you want one of this jump on because it
might not be restocked for another month
or so I was terrible I was trying not to
be in this video because I don't want me
to have anything doing three-block other
than running it you know and just
reiterate everything they just said all
this stuff comes out at midnight tonight
at this red course calm it might be
limited because we don't know how many
you guys are going to suck it up and
launch but Carlos Oscar is Pro super
proud of that dude and J's part is still
bro
probably both I was really happy welled
up the whole team you got a great bunch
of dudes here and we're really excited
to uh has a boat with it I'm just guys
really yeah I don't know why I'm here
me
