but this one's a cutie yeah that's
better is that it's here X yeah and it's
like super detailed home
damn dude donut donut okay there you go
house it's here X tells about to be
scared there for a second man screw you
watch your head
okay there you go alright we're all
packed up and ready to get some real
work done today they're gonna holy over
me
nice oh oh oh
digit what dude he needs to push the
body first you gotta push the button
first dude select eight hit 87 all right
so this is escape organ since nineteen
I've never even been to and we're gonna
freaking shred aren't we Jase yeah dude
you're bored like just smacked you all
right oh yeah we're gonna like attack
you dude you're right bud yeah you're
good to go
aah pop freakin corn dude oh dude that
was your gonads wasn't it so of course
it starts raining before I've even
gotten to skateboard all I did was film
and now look at the freakin skatepark
this sucks out of the car
slow motion walk up stretch all right
it's one week later and hopefully we're
not gonna get rained out today but we're
about to pick up max okay we got some of
the dudes here say what's up guys
oh and Jace is gonna hide in the trunk
and burst out and surprise max when he's
putting his board away are you ready for
this
get in the frickin trunk
faster are you good oh yeah
say bye-bye what's up bud tired my heel
hurts real bad that's a shame but are
you ready for this day of we want
revenge
yeah all right let's do this first step
push your board in the trunk second
drive to spot third shred I'm
documenting at all dude why doesn't
anyone react to the airhorn I didn't
scare you at all nothing no he had
nothing okay
I think I was more scared than you were
we are failures oh and by the way this
is Chris Lisa and everyone says how do
you feel what just happened he's got a
purple dachshund shirt on yeah you know
you know he's about to shred when you
got that on what who is this dude you
are just not meant escape this park dude
this is the fourth Tuesday in a row that
it's rained my gosh dude all right so
we're driving to Taco Bell to kill some
time while the park dries because we are
skating this park
it's the freakin last thing we do might
we get last thing we do and we get a
freakin block away from the skate park
and it's like sunny and glorious and dry
everywhere there's something about this
part this part this Park is like a ghost
park we're talking about and this is
like an app thing to work here okay face
it looks like she's being like tased
I'll smart like she was smiling when she
got take like throwing a drink yeah
she's dropping her thing she's a job
against it yeah case she's dying it's
going down
kind of dry skatepark let's do this
and you're famous
ground
don't
we gotta say about that boys
he said touchdown you guys just don't
care what is that that was freakin
excellent dude
all right we're losing sunlight but we
found a frickin bench we're gonna
skateboard on it
upstate
you
all right so we're all shredding his
bench like we should be and Max is over
in McDonald's garden he dismantled their
sprinkler and he's like showering what
do you have to say about that Chris he
knows what's good he knows where it's
good he knows where it's good that's the
title of this video he knows where it's
good
all right hahaha that was corny Chris
alright so this video is over chase did
his first line here how do you feel
about that bud I don't care I'm just
kidding
everyone that was awesome we're proud of
this load dude he's not he's not little
all right whatever
but we got a special ender for you
because everybody needs to end her and
it's brought to you by Alex Munich point
of the camera do something all right
later guys
ants like one of thousands and thousands
of ants your piece is gone they hurt
they stay found that piece in theirs
they're like hey here's dinner for a
year
hey is this what is it that's a cup
you
