yeah
and it's gone Oh my liver doesn't feel
good all right
what's up guys so it's been a long time
coming I've had a lot of requests for
this video and it is finally here that
was the falling skateboarder - it was a
lot of fun to make and hands down the
best steel frame from this video would
be this
and just to point this out I was holding
a taco in my right hand while my leg was
pointing straight up to the freaking
moon her son or whatever was out of the
time but I was looking like a fring ding
and I don't really know what that means
but it just sounds like the appropriate
name to call myself at that moment and
hey if you guys want to see more public
prank videos once you go down there and
give this video a little thumbs up
that'd be pretty cool and you know what
you probably think that he's about to
end but no it's not because when I got
done filming I walked back to my car and
I got a parking ticket all right I have
no idea how much is going to cost but
it's going to be money that I don't want
to pay and that sucks and on that note
subscribe or die and that's it even make
sense
ah I'm just kidding I'm not dead at all
but you know someone in the world was
sitting there going like wait wait what
huh
goodbye
you
