what's up guys i'm at my friend Kyle's
house and his brother is sleeping here
on the couch okay and we walked in and
started yelling at me doesn't wake up so
I grabbed Kyle's camera and I'm gonna
try to wake him up on the sing to him in
his ear right now Oh Tyler what are you
doing on the couch today you sleeping
naked oh yeah yes you are oh nothing any
any freaking request guys oops Tyler did
it again he slept in his boxers with no
shirt on I mean there's honestly there's
nothing yeah hit him or something Tyler
those white boy bodies are on top of
your naked look you are in YouTube oh
boy you better like stop that part right
my spit on my mouth no that's good
that's in there look I'm touching your
nipples the huge finger okay you don't
have to do that say subscribe or die
subscribe or die and if there's a night
I was gonna get a knife and be like and
I meant it and I'll kill you and murder
you on the weather not good they let him
and maybe membrane baby
do ya I don't you're thinking you're
like man this guy's James Bond but you
know what you were wrong it is Andy
what's up guys so you might have already
seen that clip before I actually
attached it to the end of video back in
like februari or something but I was on
the computer the other day with some
friends and we found it and I was like
you know what I remember this clip and
it's good enough for its own video so
blood al there you go there is its own
video and I'm saying but the video is
not over yet I got some videos on the
way we are Evan seven was supposed to
come out today but it got rained out
yesterday like halfway through filming
in so that sucks screw Cincinnati um but
I'm gonna film it I'm gonna finish up
filming next week and it's gonna be out
next week so look out for it I also i'm
filming a skit with the next few days
and I have a very highly requested video
on its way it might be out as soon as
Sunday if not it'll definitely be out
within like a week or two so stay tuned
for that and I got nothing else to say
subscribe or get James bonding that was
pretty stupid bye
so you might have already seen this clip
before and you know what it's because
you have that didn't quite make sense I
swear it's scary how comfortable I am
act like an idiot on the internet I tell
you people but up on that note thumbs up
if you want me to keep back to like an
idiot on the live internet the thumb the
thumbs up button should move like this
I'm just kidding no it shouldn't at all
so you might have already seen this
video I used this clip but it is your
dongle oh yeah yeah everything only baby
hey it's kind of like when you're
sitting there with somebody they don't
quite know to say after you just did
something pretty stupid that's what I
feel we have an awkward silence right
here youtube sorry we'll get over this
then we are gonna get over this yeah me
go
