what's up guys I've been a little sick
lately something sound like Darth
Vader's gardener and that sucks but I
pulled this clip out of my archives my
old tapes so bear with me on the quality
but I'm not gonna even introduce this
video it's just ridiculous
and it has some language in it if you
care you probably don't care though
watch it it's fuckin oh yeah the queers
you guys doing like oh yeah yeah you got
when you ow bloody nose to life hold the
board Ally like Tony Hawk way but thank
you can you leave my papers fucking
insult yo ass
I fucking motherfucker I know everything
I know they've all paid taxes motherfuck
that's cool man it's cool
alright I'm gonna leave the ally a
little hop we go down the shit you got
away bigot lemon twist
oh Romeo that was the dumbest thing ever
shut up dude I swear the people you meet
in the skateboarding world this is just
ridiculous okay so my friends trying to
kick foot back 50/50 that handrail and
he breaks his ankle that's bad enough
right and then you got this do ring
driving up and like looking at him like
he's seeing a skateboarder lying on the
ground in pain he was like you know what
I'm gonna tell him to flip and twist
like Tony Hawk that seems like a great
idea up in here and I mean I don't know
if he thought it was funny or what I
mean like I granted it's funny to look
at him and be like this guy's an idiot
but seriously come on
and I like how what my friends tell him
to leave he gets immediately defensive
and he's like you know I'm not Muslim
I'm American I pay tax this is like what
does that do that anything it's like
they're telling you to leave and you get
like what does race religion or
nationality afternoo with anything at
all the idiot you baby that's just what
I've said you just through that
ignorance I tell you chizel Pete's and
just for kicks here's some ancient
footage of me crew grinding this rail
with bad hair Barak on the videos over
won't you give me a thumbs up if you've
been yelled at by random person and if
you have video of it won't you post it
as a video response but other than that
all I gotta say is subscribe or
so it's that time again
I freaking with I pointed that way in
the mid we'd fish this way fish I love
it when I'm freaking trying to I'm not
gonna explain myself I'm done guys
so it's on up why don't I always make
weird faces I always like I don't even
mean to do that anymore it's just what I
do like when I mess up I make a weird
face immediately skidding it's getting
kind of ridiculous and predictable we
don't we don't need to see that here
stick lately so I've been sounding like
Darth Vader's gardener gardener gardener
gardener is good gardener it's not a
gardener
it's a gardener Gertner gertner so rock
on guys that's the end of this video um
oh shoot I should probably should I
thought what I should say
