it's like a hick flip take a hill flip
in a kickflip he'll flip for you I did
not mean to point right there he'll flip
for you take flip for you
it's a hick flip is your cell phone the
Facebook logo yeah oh yeah that kind of
hurt hit it Oh tom son all right so it's
like 80 degrees though it's like 95
degrees in the skate park right now and
my good friend gel
Justin Ellison is gonna tailslide right
here no he's not he's I just glide all
you guys it's not gonna tell us are
there
why why why did you hit that you closed
it dude
it was definitely open before
think that we're just kick them in the
world
and here everyone is the first time Jase
has ever done a free flip right here
so I'm freaking proud of Jace he started
trying the three of him and I was like
oh my gosh I think he's gonna land this
and he did and your first three flips a
pretty big deal so if you proud of him
too why don't you give this video a
thumbs up that's right down here it has
a picture of a thumb pointing up but you
ever got rained out here in Cincinnati
and it sucked rained all day so we of
course had to go to the skate park and I
swear if we had someone to actually film
us we would have some pretty long videos
but we didn't we like all have to film
each other and nobody wants to film
everyone was just skate and in fact the
tricks that I actually filmed were kind
of like my kickflip was gross my
backside flip and lands it kind of weird
so so I'm sorry guys I apologize but hey
it's a freaking video and after the
credits there are some clips of me
trying to land a 540 double flip
I'd already landed it before in my
videos but I want to land the smoother
and I didn't but watch the temps you
know what
I bought some sunglasses last night at
Walmart all right and they broke within
moments of getting to my house like I
don't know what the heck they're doing
at Walmart but I'm fortunate just wear
them like this and they kind of fit
another no I'm out subscribe or die
you
you
