Pepa dude who thought catnip could do
that to a girl oh hey um I got to go man
ya know I really gotta go YouTube's here
alright but but what's up guys I am here
to show you my very first skate part I
was skating for a little over two and a
half years when this came out and I had
to get this part from a old tape so the
quality may be bad I don't know how it's
gonna come out on YouTube but if it is
I'm sorry
and a second there was a song that I do
not definitely do not have the
copyrights to so I had to overlap all of
the audio with a song I do have rights
too
so I'm sorry there's no skating sound so
you're not gonna really see this in full
entirety but I'm gonna stop talking and
I'm gonna let you guys watch this video
watch it yeah just watch it
I hope you liked that video part
personally my favorite is this yes so a
skateboard to the wiener not so fun I
didn't I remember it being very
unpleasant but I got up and I landed it
two tries later so I was like heck yeah
and that just proves the skateboarders
are freaking tough but I have another
video part which would be my second
video in part of course and I was think
about posting that sometime it'd be the
same way like I'd have to pick a song
and overlap all the audio but if you
want me to do that give this a thumbs up
and it'll motivate me to do it a lot
more than if you didn't thumbs up and
you know I'm sad but rock on there's
some bloopers the end of this because
I'm a dummy and when that said subscribe
or die
that's that's what I did back then I
just kind of made weird noises and I was
like yeah I should just stop work I'm
not even a head but I should just stop
but what's up guys I hate fat film video
today now that I got that on my system
let's try to do that again
hey guys let's be I should be really
dramatic like that ever be every video
she's feeling what's up guys how you
doing like in your frickin face that'd
be a bad idea where your way bad idea
