hello and welcome to web interview
Wednesdays I'm your host Joe Meehan and
tonight
we'll be interviewing the man who
officially has the title of Maxim's
number one ladies man of the year let's
give a round of applause to edward
Jacobs oh now what the hell you guys got
a red background sorry I didn't think to
tell you what backdrop color we're gonna
have today
forgive me well you should because look
like a damn iguana makes this thing I
think you mean a chameleon no I'm an
iguana change colors Oh my agent said I
should give you a gift so here Thanks
all right there's t-rex yeah not many
people know he invented sexual
harassment what a jerk
all right so I think all of us guys out
here want to know how do you ring in all
those ladies head first
don't come in I'm not your friend but
I'll answer the question all right this
one's good
I set the law down straight from the
very beginning I look that woman
straight in her eye and I say honey the
only thing uglier than your body is your
name whoo
all right that's kind of different yeah
honestly them you have to make that girl
understand that she is inferior from the
very beginning take this camera girl for
instance right here lovely body I'd like
to take a round on it but I bet her
personality is like like White Castle on
Valentine's Day leave me a voice just
seal the deal right okay that was that
was great thank you very much very very
informative but next question why don't
you take a second to describe your
typical first date my friend easy
question
there is wait what I did you I kissed
him right away
I never go on the first date I'm usually
wait till the third or fifth date okay
because if you show up to a girl's house
and pick her up and take her on a date
treat her right full time she's gonna
get bored of you by the second date and
then she's gonna start hitting on your
dad when you take her family
get-togethers okay I've been there I
know that
yeah I don't agree with that at all that
was ridiculous
yeah why why don't you just tell me why
don't you remind me who's on the cover
of Maxim this month this guy that's what
I thought
all right next question
why don't you tell tell us who the lucky
lady is these days mr. Jacobs six huh
I'm dating six girls right now just
banged Lady gaga last Sunday that's not
true at all she's on she's on a freakin
European tour right now
she walked up to me and I was like damn
Lady Gaga what you doing up in here why
are you over in my crib and then I don't
know I just I kind of gave her that look
if you give you guys need to know it
look to give a girl you go at this I
looked at her just like this and she
comes on over here she was all like
Edward and then I grabbed her I put my
hand right here and I start rowing in it
all right
she's stopped next question and by that
I mean the last question I gotta say
this I sure you got this all time but
your name is kind of both of the very
popular Twilight characters Edward or
Jacob so I'm sure every girl watching
this out there wants to know are you on
Team Edward or Team Jacob I just don't
get it all right I just can't fathom
while all these ladies these fine ladies
out there are flipping out about all
these Harry Potter's oh he's such a wave
of letters need to me I've just ladies
all you out there
I am so romantic so romantic earth and
these guys that I would take both of
those guys on a date myself both at one
time
do you have any idea what you just said
we're meant I don't know what just
happened
cover a Maxim cover of Maxim right here
cover of Maxim yeah for being a ladies
man
ah look at the time here all right it's
been fun everybody out there it's been a
grand ol time but I have to go me and
the J Biebs have a double date with the
Olsen twins if you know what I'm saying
so peace out your dick goodbye all right
that's the end of the episode the moral
of everything that just happened here is
that girls don't date douchebags because
that was their frickin prince
king-emperor I'm done and it was
actually me and you the whole time and I
didn't you know when I was like I didn't
do video and I came up with that my head
and I was like all right subscribe or
freakin die
um so that was great thank you very much
but why don't you take a second there's
questions all right
that woke me up good right it's okay uh
next question
I hope last question thought Divya do
you think I really have Tourette's do
you think I actually have Tourette's I
think I might
that gets a heck out of here go what all
right yeah let's just interview the cat
all right hi my name is Joe Meehan I'm
here to interview ninja the cat ninja
what are you doing your free time that's
what I thought and a video
