you scared me I'm them to see you well
you caught me I'm sitting here on
YouTube holding your tar and you
probably think I'm gonna play it for you
well you were wrong just freaking jokin
what's up guys this is an update video
so if you don't want to see me sit here
and talk don't watch it because because
you know just just don't even freaking
do it don't don't watch me but with that
said if you want to follow my channel
hang in here and while she listen to me
ramble on about about some crap Shabri
do that but before I even begin this
update video I have a treat for you guys
I discovered some old footage of me
trying to snowboard across a creek and
the very first time I try to jump this
Creek I'll and like right on my face
actually my friend does too i'm going to
show you both of my friend and i try to
jump this Creek okay bear in mind that i
could probably snowboard of my tribe but
we were on some like walmart snowboard
with like a freaking crappy plastic ramp
that was like this wide okay so you had
like barely enough room to go over the
creek and this is the outcome my friend
and i try to jump a creek on a snowboard
too lengthy
you
now most people might be embarrassed by
putting out on internet like yeah look
at me I'm freaking flown across the
creek Oh to my face because I can't
snowboard well I still think I could
snowboard if I actually tried but
regardless I'm was completely excited
that I got that clip it was like a blast
from the past I go yeah I first remember
that it was funny so thank you my good
friend Peter frankest for sending me
that footage that rocked and then that's
it yeah I hope you guys enjoyed that on
to the update so what is my life been
like lately well that is the billion
dollar question isn't it my life has
been amazingly great and amazingly
stressful at the same time which is kind
of understandable but I am way too busy
for my own good I don't have time to
clean my room I'm time to clean my car
like I'm just going from A to B
constantly it sucks and I recently broke
up with my girlfriend so I got all that
freakin crap running around my head and
then I'm trying to work on revenge and
make youtube videos and it's just it's
really really really crazy right now but
you know I'm hanging in there and I'm
pushing forward and it's going to settle
down eventually I promise if it doesn't
I'm going to go insane and then you're
going to go onto YouTube one day and
this is going to be like Andy is not
doing the videos anymore Andy is in a
freaking white box over in Kansas I
don't know what that means but take it
for what it is speaking of revenge
though expected update videos solely
about revenge coming in the near future
sometime soon because I really don't
have the time or money to start a
company from the ground up right now and
like trying to get everyone together to
work on things it's really hard
sometimes so it's going to go a little
slower than we planned but we're not
giving up we're going to start this
company no matter what and our first
video skater revenge is getting keep
going on schedule it should be out by
the end of summer 2011 so expect it to
pop around you know somewhere in the
summer of next year we'll have we're
actually going to start working on the
trailer for with the next like month or
two then you'll see a lot more
promotional stuff as it gets closer to
release date so stay tuned all you r
Avengers out there and there is totally
a ferret head above my head and it's
looks like a freaking evil fair look at
that what is with these like fangs right
here I mean it's eating a cake
in the picture you know cuz parrots I
guess you cake but like we just see this
you expect it to be like eating a
severed hand or something kind of creepy
so something kind of weird happened
lately I hit my first youtube writer's
block and it's like the last year I've
been really rocket on youtube videos
like I've been doing like a solid like
two sometimes three a week and I've been
fine like never I don't have an idea
like I always have ideas and lately it's
just been like motion to do this like I
actually started filming a skit the
other day and like I just wasn't feeling
it so I stopped so bear with me you know
the skate videos are going to keep
coming because all i do is go out and
skate have a good time with my friends
and put it on youtube so those are no
stuff but uh as far as skits go I got
some big skits planned I have a James
Ford sequel skid I have another Chaz
McLaren which is the soap opera skit I
haven't the public pranks following a
skateboarder to coming here soon and I'm
trying to bring some some for some more
public pranks but if you've got any
ideas get down the comments and be like
gandy you should do this because you
know I listen to you guys and I'm and
I'm filming this for you guys so you
guys should have your input and I
actually was about to do like just like
I'm playing the guitar like I was just
gonna sing a song on my guitar and play
it and make a video out of it but I
thought like you know I don't know if
that would take well so if you guys
really want to see me play guitar thumbs
up this video okay if it hits four
hundred thumbs up about like all right
whatever I'll frickin make a video just
me playing guitar so if you don't don't
thumbs up it but don't even freaking
thumbs down let me just mean rock on
though I'm done talking your ear off for
now I'm about ready to go but watch out
there'll be some more skate videos more
dating life coming up here soon just
some all-around videos but yeah whatever
I'm done I got nothing to say so watch
some bloopers the end this subscribe or
die like a whip I was just like die like
freaking Indiana Jones subscribe a
freakin I'm done
for you well you were wrong everybody
was gone through fighting those kicks
were fast ass brigands I dig boots punch
punch that was you kind of a chop but
doing something wrong you're working too
much if you ever have you have to get
excited get the freaking videoton Andy
what are you doing
these are the meteor stop it didn't
hello everyone I just click the record
button and then he gon get in this
update video I'm gonna show you guys a
treat all right i forgot i can't i'm
gonna mumble
shop oh I got it right this time
you
