what's up guys so this here is my 100th
video and a couple people that saw it
come in told me like dude you should do
something really epic for your 100th
video and I was like you know what I
know what I'm going to do so basically I
just picked out some clips and here are
some highlights of my first 100 videos
hello my name is an ashrak and I've been
wearing red shirts every day for the
last 11 years my life hey Dad
Oh
Wow Reuben so guys I am a YouTube
partner now and that is fantastic when I
found out I made this face bad news
horrible news I don't give a hack
because for only fifteen dollars i will
make a phone call to anyone and tell
them whatever you want me to
whoa chocolate let's see each other
let's give me the chocolate chai guys
hey flash all right we're getting some
good footage and we're getting some not
good footage that didn't make sense but
that what does that mean stun damn stone
knife stone spawn death grenade what the
hell get away from me ah ha ha ha ha
what's up guys I've decided to take be a
ninja a little more seriously
yeah like it yourself right in the face
with them it doesn't it doesn't even
hurt what kind of I was that was the
little what he just said Oh super day my
hand your butt oh boy so rock on hope
you enjoyed that guys here's to 100 more
videos subscribe or die scared kitten
again either always kittens lurking
around my freaking room I'm throwing
crap honestly guys subscribe to freaking
die good bye I'm not lying I'm just
freaking not rabid any more later
never do that dude computers are fun
like cameras and computers are freaking
fun to look like an idiot the sound ah
oh I can for you to entertain myself for
all day or at least 10 minutes some
moments of my 180 so I talked and talked
and talked and talked and talked and
talked and talked and look at this hand
just punched myself in the head yeah
just do a recap of some moments st.
freaking too much saying too much say it
too much hey
because that helped me because that
helped me get this video done northern
Watchers just leave my business over
here to yourself did I just say
