for a second I thought that was a
skateboard the karate I got so scared
it took forever to get that balance on
the skateboard t that was the hardest
thing about this emissary swing stage
hey buddy first up is disgusting oh wait
wait did you go in this week gage how is
it going good to warm up here and do
three tricks in the mini ramp after that
we're into a mystery challenge to be
decided after that you can do tiered
structure so on the the bank to ledge do
we have big spin back tail you set of
bearings we do that big flip back tail
need a pair of shoes okay we do both
know if you run third direct we get both
of those products I want to just I'm
just going to say everything you said
okay what you're going to do is you're
going to warm for the mini ramp you got
three tricks okay I wanted to look
really good when you skateboard it looks
really good so that's good the second is
the mystery sounds you don't know what's
coming for you and you gonna be scared
the third you're gonna be sitting the
bank to ledge okay do you understand me
are you here with my duck is saying okay
you're going to do a big spin back tail
within 12 minutes you get a set of
bearing with you home if you land that
and move on to the next trick it should
be a big flip back tail you get a pair
of shoes if you do the third trick which
I'll figure out when I get out and in
there you get both of them how annoying
is my hand I don't very much you didn't
understand that not a single bit okay
let's do it Howie just go in there and
then we'll just tell you what to do you
good for that yeah I'm down okay and if
you fail I like saying sentences which
make you think that I'm going to
continue oh they don't make them like
they used to it I get to do and I'll try
that's okay wait do i annoy myself did
you know that all right hey come on
bring your face over here like sometimes
all like one of my videos will start
playing online and I'm like gosh you
don't hear this guy talk yeah
so have you ever skated transition
before my first time alright well just
do three tricks but they got to be
honorable okay they can't do it I only
do for church anyway on this transition
- I'm hoping you do a frontside flip I
will because you fell good you should
watch this is really long I'll wear your
weight you're gonna go right for it are
you kidding do it dude oh my god you
should get something just for that that
was amazing
did you see that yeah okay falls over
that's saying I'm not even going a high
five I'm going to shake your hand that
was fantastic
because I was hoping that the end of the
world here I keep her front side point
kickflip the wood right here right here
I'm going to back up what's terrifying
dude terrible I know it makes you wonder
if you got it a bit crooked that's
amazing what he hid your shifty flip
yeah alright this is called a bedside
manner yeah that was trippy bro hey yeah
there was a montage of like the most
world's most awkward handshakes I want
to see him and like ones that haven't
been documented stuff because I had like
with seven sebas out there watching this
are our handshake was terrible at first
time dude I love stuff on either I
needed we need to redo it it was like
this it was like a like that
alright mystery challenge is it's not
gonna be too weird it's just gonna suck
for me oh you have to do a flip trick
over me okay please don't kill me I
won't
all right off the launch ramp sure
alright he says you get a frontside put
me Oh perfect that's scary right we need
I worry about you California I need my
head I need my head don't kill me
princess let me be fine
anyway he did he did the gig one yep
the kickflip you guys are joking
Josh done I hope I don't get smacked in
the face that just sucks so bad
you're going to freak me out this dude
that wasn't unreal I'm so happy that I
was harvested the victim all right since
he's at first shopping to make him do it
again and hopefully film it cool
don't kill me he is he'll get
unbelievably count hey your parents
stuck are you ready to win some yeah
actually I don't know dear Wharton a
sellout
okay pork you got 12 min okay three
tears for you to pay one tier two tier
piggy market is yeah my goal what am i
doing big feedback Nixon back channels
and first-rate yeah I miss but thank so
much whenever you start off a fantastic
first attempt
oh my gosh if it's white like 12 feet he
was like literally worried about landing
tricks today their board is so far away
that thought is the clock ticking yes
sucks for him
which is Marge sure I like in my head I
thought I was like well that's good hate
was thinking put a little in one tray
I'm pausing it was what three tries
three to you is that I really want to
see this I know here we got it he did
that so good I'm saying fourth track I'm
saying five minutes
he fell for a good like ten-second yes
he was got that felt like there's yeah
and you know he didn't know what you
were just wrong
now he almost has okay oh god what time
is it
you got two minutes less oh and two
minutes I'll be right in two minutes
why you like Mach 5,000 is flying am i
wrong yet are you wrong you know I look
real way why didn't you roll away I just
thought of a country song watch okay got
my truck got my girl in this moment now
I have my world like it is this truck
and girls as I got it dad I don't really
like country
so dumb back what he did that I would
just be okay I mean he can do it clearly
that doesn't even count technically
holla talented guy
yeah two minutes and 59 seconds left
yourself I know you should know it could
be nine minutes brilliant me well both
of them together again from do you are
so much taller than okay that over there
I'm thinking I'm going to make him back
to the if episode would you like to move
it with me
yeah and if you do it you get both the
bearings in the shoes of your choice you
can go pick shoes over there we I'm just
gonna walk with you cause I'm not good
for us you're off there's maintenance
and there's great you ready brother did
you know he was there no what time is it
we've got a minute left give it in pause
breaks runs up the fourth time this
orders like the line across the frickin
room when I give a little bit of a help
so again 35 seconds I'm going to drop
all right you try
one more try well you did win the shoes
do you want we're here
welcome to Narnia oh there goes
take your pick I suggest judging by what
you're wearing I think so we'll also
check out on sue sue Lowe's just a bunch
of times just amazing here
I like the stitching on the Excel flim
yeah okay no problem buddy hey you're
good dude now let's uh let's snap and go
to the other warehouse so engage is
specifically here this week because he's
on three block team as well as Craig
Craig space Craig here all the time so
if we can do one next week with him all
the way California so we probably won't
be next week soon with him three bugs
coming out this weekend all right you
saw a gauge skating this deck we
unveiled a whole product line this
Friday the night the afternoon before it
comes out so it's going to go at
midnight Friday night at midnight way in
turns over two senators wind stuff comes
out there's a big edit coming out around
then the product line is unveiled so we
stay tuned these guys thank you guys we
do we do you and that's your one sneak
peek the whole product line on Friday
yeah and then of course if you want to
see more videos hit the subscribe button
right down below its free signs you up
for more videos and you'll see more of
these beautiful faces in them and then
that guy yeah so uh did you know for
language no okay say goodbye in a
foreign language how do you there you go
that was easy or blah avoir our vlogs
table that was your invention
