how's an awesome Smith grind did was
like freaking I tell you to Smith grind
it and you oleate oh dude you poor baby
all right so yesterday June twenty-first
was go skateboarding day okay and ice
skating it was cool at all but what you
guys don't know is that there's another
go skateboarding day it's called every
other day in the year and we're here at
the skate plaza and we're gonna pretty
skate I'm sad
well
Oh crazy freaking well you got D glass
oh can you see anything right now cuz
here are your glasses oh I look at you I
look all right you look at Clark Kent
okay good cool Oh
Oh
Oh
entire about the fall sleep man it is
like 120 degrees out here and went I
mean mug you sometimes you just gotta
like remember that when your mom makes
peanut butter sandwiches peanut butter
and jelly sandwiches they're so good oh
I'm not complaining to do they do dude
that is dishonest destroy if you were
freaking Santa Claus you be get some
milk and cookies subscribe or die
okay what was that dude you're bored
you're bored like freaking star trekt
out of here Oh hit it freaking hit it
freaking hit it get the heck over here
and hit it dude geez I'd you know what
screw you I'm done you took you got like
you had 20 seconds to do it you didn't
even do it man more like five seconds
