what's up guys this here is to announce
the results for the may contest or June
I don't know what it was last contest we
just did for the revenge shirts and
accessories so if you don't care to see
two dudes talk about that or you didn't
enter the contest from one of those you
guys should watch this video and if you
keep watching it you will never you will
never ever kissed another girl in your
life unless you're a girl well you might
never kiss another girl anyway yeah but
I'm gonna redo that all right all right
but the revenge team we all checked out
the videos you guys submitted and they
rocked we were laughing we thought they
were smart witty funny you guys did a
great job and I wanted to have more of
the team here like kind of like a group
of us if I talk about it why not but all
you get is Tyler and I but to get right
to it the fourth prize is one skater
event shirt you know what and somebody
freaking won this the winner of this is
mikis 101 yeah mikis 101 did a skit
where he's skating and then as a friend
comes up it's like no dude you gotta
yeah do something different and then his
friend throws a knife and an apple the
signal top of his head and you're gonna
have to watch the skit I'll have links
at the end of the video and you can
watch a check it out it was really i
thought it was really funny it was a
good idea so you sir are a freaking
winner of a skater man shirt
congratulations congratulations
congratulations congratulations it's not
even what we said that there's gonna be
no clue I've no idea third prize gets
the freaking mystery bag gets a freaking
shirt isn't that right tether that's
totally right that is totally right and
the winner of this is one Ralph one yeah
that's right and this was just a cool
video he went around giving a bunch of
reasons and he actually what I like best
of it was that he he used in the in the
contest video I say you can be a chef
just randomly and he actually used that
in his video and I was like a african
noticed that dude you did a great job we
loved it and all the dudes all the dudes
voted on you so uh congratulations and
you're gonna get this bag of mystery and
you know what it's not even done yet I'm
gonna go around my room and I'm gonna
throw in some extra me probably the
stuff you're not getting my sandals
screw that um but congratulations dude
on to the next prize oh gee I'm sitting
sitting down I'm trying to walk out
angrily don't walk tonight I'm not going
to walk in
okay all right guys we're getting to the
good stuff second prize one of the red
shirts with the cash or you know money
gift cards whatever is going to go to
snow zero bruton zero Muro Muro Muro
whatever it's written right here sobbing
that okay it's right there and this is
actually it's kind of weird because this
is money and it's going to France so I
got even talk to him how to get him
money I don't know how that works but it
was a really cool video in fact i was i
was interested in the video and then all
sudden like midway through it he does a
kickflip bare feet okay and I won't have
you ever tried that but this is like Oh
goodbye skin and of course he starts
bleeding but it was pretty it was pretty
neat he's talking about a bunch of
different red things it's just like a
goofy random video and we all dug it so
dude you're gonna get a one of the only
red skate revenge shirts out here and
it's going all the way to France so
congratulations you did a great job bud
on to the first grand prize winner dude
number one number no promenade oh we're
coming for you is okay Perry so hot my
gosh have you seen her new video all
right it is time for the grand prize
winner you guys all did a great job we
loved it thank you but only one can win
unfortunately and the top prize is the
red skater event shirt and all that crap
good so here it is guys the winner of
this crap awesome stuff I mean is
Jesse's KP yeah Jesse skate be holy
heaven we freaking we were it's like a
little skit and it's like I mean it's
all about like watching my videos and
stuff but like it gets funny I mean like
watch the video cuz I'll have the links
at the end like I said we've watched it
like 12 times yeah I wake up and I just
watched this video like eight times and
then then I go out and like basically
get like five girlfriends cuz im so
awesome that's it yeah yeah sometimes
every day sometimes six but um but then
when the slow mo hits in the video dude
that we were like I was like that is
funny and you guys did a great job and
you guys won I don't know if it's just
one dude but your group of friends one
it's fantastic alright but thank you to
everyone who submitted an entry like we
wanted to give you all something it was
really really hard like the other
contests in the past it was a little
easier going through because you kind of
immediately saw the people that really
were contenders and this one like we
wanted like we all wanted to give
everyone something in this one which
unfortunately we can't do we tried we
really tried thank you once again that's
my final thank you i'm not gonna thank
you again for that ever k you've been
thanked well thank you i didn't do the
thing them that's fine he just thank you
i'm not i mean i already did as well
saying okay but stay tuned we'll
probably do another contest so by the
end of the summer hopefully i want to
give some decks away so really stay
tuned and they don't have after that
i'll have a non skateboarding contest
for all you non skateboarders but watch
after this because we've got some
bloopers that are pretty funny i'm an
idiot as always he's just kind of there
he's an idiot base nice kind of there
and i'm an idiot also yeah I'm gonna end
this video do you want to I don't think
anyone's ever like sat in this chair or
this done the subscriber dinosaurs do
you want do the subscriber to hide you
or from there no all right whatever
subscribe or die I went whatever
you
what did you buy this stuff I didn't
steal it if that's my school move it to
you no I bought it I paid money for that
these are precision these aren't your
skate bearings their crews had to find
out through the computer that you're
making a dumb face come on and be like
dude you all you got you know I'm saying
all right but now let's get this started
did I just say anything right there no
that's that doesn't matter though it's
good girl um I'm gonna get the first the
first prize is the fourth prize I'm
gonna redo this yeah that's not fair
yeah that's scary at all
