what's up guys so I'm filming a
day-in-the-life today and I don't even
have a filmer to film it with me until
like midday which kind of sucks but uh
you know I just woke up not too long ago
and I'm gonna get my day started then
I'll catch up with you guys when I start
doing something about that all right all
right bye
where's the record button here it is all
right so I really need a filmer to do
this day in the life and Tyler agreed to
film his dad alive with me but he is
training to be a server at all garden
right now well I worked there too so
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna barge in
and I'm gonna hand him cupcakes and
everyone's probably gonna think he's gay
because the guys hitting him cupcakes so
it's gonna be funny but actually you
know what people probably think I'm gay
too cuz I'm the one handing them
cupcakes oh well that is a risk I'm
willing to take and alright but I'm
gonna drive over there pride listen to
Kesha because that's all that's on the
radio these days see there wait alright
let's do this
hi Tiffany what is that
hey hey ty
oh hi oh nice bright cupcakes darling oh
well I'm just having a cupcake everybody
except you're supposed to a lot more
awkward that I caught you darling oh you
called me darling
yeah don't you guys are getting a faint
see oh yeah it's Betty that's gonna go
to California eventually yeah I'm coming
with you you're coming with us I love
there ain't much cable huh you wanna
skateboard with us I'll learn I'm yeah
all right so that pretty much failed
miserably everyone was just immediately
accepting of me like oh hey Andy here's
cupcakes like as if it wasn't even weird
that I was walking in with cupcakes
so rock god I'm gonna continue on with
his day guys can't me goodbye a book
something do hmm hard what up hey big
ray blue towels off work now and not
sleeping on the couch yeah you're really
not sleeping on the couch usually are my
videos in this room normally look like
this
thanks for demonstrating nobody knows
what sleeping people look like okay
all right guys we are gonna I'm gonna go
skateboard I'm gonna go skateboard the
parkour frisbee first no we're not
playing frisbee girl first we're gonna
skate board first
I got pants on do two can't play frisbee
golf in pants jeans never done it it's
not like I want to do it now I just
raised my voice and very loud see what
hey for all you people out there in
YouTube land if you ever want to win hey
stop if you ever want to argument just
get loud and be be affirmative that
makes sense all right I'm done we're
gonna go skate
bye
all right so apparently I suck at 360
double flips today and now I'm gonna go
play some frisbee golf every freaking
free dude yeah but first say I go by
frisbee you don't need to do that though
so goodbye frizz to the B to the Gulf
come back frickin french fries enough
said
oh well that's about pointless filling
this because with a fisheye you can't
see where it goes at all Nereus this is
for serious birdie
alright shady dude Oh boom for the
cheeseburgers skate angles I'm a
freaking Power Ranger
dude that was good animation was good
dude
how's insane enough that was insane I'm
taking your disk baby alright so we just
finished up frisbee golf and I got eight
under which was below average for me
that's not that great I didn't really
good yeah what'd you get
I don't want under you got one under
yeah frickin sucks we found a new
frisbee today we thought it was awesome
yeah alright so if you're ever on beach
my nav Anu in Cincinnati Ohio eat here
it is the greatest restaurant ever just
we're gonna miss is this the guy this
has been right here yeah he's my dude he
rocks okay hi guys how's YouTube right
there can see this but they're like the
hottest girl ever right there yeah trans
Lindsay you know her
dude does it for the girl hell I turn
the camera around but I'm pretty creepy
yeah that would be creepy
now their arms going on pushing so hot
this Tyler wants to show you his fruit
Emile its yakitori you got an appetizer
meal it's so good what kind of dude gets
an appetizer as a meal this car dude
that's like two bites is done dude but
if you'd like to see more random days
like this give this a thumbs up and I'll
I'll do this every you know two or three
weeks I'll do a day in the life but
it'll be more interesting this I'll like
actually go out and land tricks and do
better stuff and pick up shakes and I
like all that cool stuff dude
we saw the hottest girl ever and hibachi
master dude like she was so hot that I'm
just gonna make this face and just stay
with it
like you said you want to see a change
nothing more it's all the same all and
left is just a bed
