all right so growing up skateboarding my
friends and I we all had really bad
tempers and when we could not land a
trick we got mad that is pretty much the
only introduction I'm gonna give you
before you watch this clip but before
anyone says a bad thing about the
skateboarder I just want to point out
that he was my best friend at the time
and still today he's a great friend and
I didn't even care like you can hear in
the video I immediately start laughing
because I knew it was hilarious but you
know what boggles my mind is that like
he was mad at his trick and he looked up
and like I'm mad I'm gonna jab this
camera into my friends face like what
and like I mean he immediately realized
he was an idiot he like apologizes right
away but but dude oh my god the best
thing about it though is that I have
this still frame this like complete
capture of his fury like look at his
face right here
how freakin priceless is that sadly that
skate spot isn't even there anymore I
got torn out a few years ago which is a
tragedy because my place was amazing
but just for kicks here are a couple
tricks that went down there so the moral
of the story is that if your friend is
gonna punch you in the face at least
have a camera to film it because it's
hilarious and you're both will love it
we were laughing you should be to
subscribe or die I'm just kidding
I'm that was that wasn't even ago no
that was my hand leg dudes BAM
all right cool look at this video right
dude but if you up on I doing this 40
second video gzhel Pete's I got to wait
for the freaking blood to leave my face
because just passed out like an idiot
calm down
Jedi Jedi breathing Jedi breathing Jedi
breathing Jedi breathing hey he's won a
really great friend of mine okay calm
down let's just do this again all right
let's go all right yeah are you ready
I'm ready I'm ready ready okay we can do
this and then we'll get this dumb video
done we put on YouTube all right okay
let's do this dude if I was ever an
actor I'd be one I'd be like they'd be
like whoa that hey God that guy is on
drugs
but I don't want do drugs so it's like
you know I don't even know I'm saying I
don't even know I'm and still to this
day he's a great friend of mine so and
okay I'm pretty sure of all the stupid
spazzy freakout things I've ever filmed
my videos that was the stupidest one
ever like even though I think that might
be so embarrassing that I might not even
put it in a video what do you say to
your ex nothing that's my thought
