what do you want to do with this shirt
and then this freaking camera put it in
the trunk dude right here that wasn't
hard
no don't even put this shirt in the
trunk with the certainly car why did you
give me the shirt to put in the car no
dopin really came in here put that the
car outside all right guys where we go
today Columbus Indiana that's pretty
cool right yeah she's exciting land of
arrow flip already sucks on this street
everybody sucks at nobody can flip
tricks here skate trip begins right now
we want revenge 5 Jase you still can't
land video flips
whatever live long and prosper
I want you are not honestly afraid of
you I'm scared to death
get in the car right now just don't even
gonna mom mattress can get in the car
dude
where we going what where we going
tell me actually that was that was a
dumb answer you knew what you know where
we're going I know we're going you're
not getting into you know where we're
going where are we going yeah all right
you're an idiot get in the car look at
you did you look like a freakin rock
star like are you gonna pick up chicks
here or something dude you never know
Tyler is driving my car right now and
the only reason he is is so I can play
golf on the way to Columbus Indiana
because we have a two-hour drive in
front of us and this is gonna suck hey
why are we eating McDonald's and why are
we not driving hey why didn't I stop
area one exit behind I have nothing to
do the rest area dude I want to go to
the gas station that was that was me and
Max why did you do this why are we
McDonald's no can you even get into the
car guys we are here at Clemson Deana
we're going to warm up at the skate park
so what do I hear a skate park montage
coming was it a long time someone just
say that to me everybody said it to me
right Andy I think you
what did you - laughs oh my gosh doodles
oh I wish had a different angle that I
was outta hand have you ever done one of
those yeah but like I'm what kind of
response is that I'm better than I
thought I was have you ever done one of
those
yeah but I'm better than I thought I was
oh dude oh dude get it
you are so better than you thought you
were like Selma Rhett okay so Alex meant
to say hey guys what's up we're at the
Columbus white 9 and these are the rails
and they're not even they're like rusted
they're not even white anymore so max
let's see you bud
what's up guys so that all the whole
crews over there talking about serious
California trip stuff and I'm going to
go blow an air horn out that while
they're talking about it Maxon already
got a store real quick no didn't even
respond to that no I did it to do it
yeah all right so here's the story
max scared this rail up he was hooked on
this bomb top Bob Thomas and I freaking
got rejected to the ground on a front
board and hurt my arm
Hertz how that really hurts so we're
going to switch spots up and go get hurt
somewhere else so I would love to skate
over this hand right here
my arm is freaking throbbing my gosh
dude I think I'm under like wow it's not
whatever happened is not good it's like
just aching so I'm gonna film everyone
else skating all right guys let's see
what alex has to offer uh you just break
it
what's socks dude yeah this is not
supposed to be there but we're at some
ledges and I can take a risk and skate a
little bit so here we go here we here we
go here we go guys
alright so we just had a day and
Columbus Indiana it was fun got some
tricks for the video and that's good but
uh you know what we're out so we'll see
you guys later
this is my Breen nope it's on my iPhone
no you went
you
