hey guys what the is up and see
since I just put a beep in right there
all you guys think that I cursed well
watch where I really said hey guys what
the fun is up oh and once again you guys
have been fooled so now the word fun is
a cuss word not really i'm gonna start
the video but what's up guys this is an
update video so if you don't care to
follow my channel or follow my life or
basically if you don't care that i'm
talking right now you probably should x
the box or you know maybe go to go to
the youtube search bar and find a nice
funny clip of a kid falling in a creek
because that sounds entertaining but um
yes here we are my life has been chaotic
as usual i think i say that every update
video so I'm sorry about the own
originality the day I say my life has
been relaxing and great like that'll be
awesome you know what I'll be so psyched
to say that but I'm still working for
jobs in the next week it has two weeks I
have a thousand dollars with the bills
to pay that sucks and so basically and
on top of all these bills I'm trying to
save up to go to California the part of
the revenge crew is going to California
later in the summer so I'm trying to
save up for that and basically I'm have
to work my life away that plus like
trying to freakin have a girlfriend and
have a life and all that stuff it's not
easy but I'm rocking so and actually I
just had a day off yesterday which was
weird and I um I went to kings island
which is an amusement park in Cincinnati
and it was pretty rock and rode the
Beast which is the best roller coaster
ever but I'm rambling so I'm going to
get back on course um aside from a busy
life revenge is going pretty good we
actually have we're working on getting
the online store running which will just
have shirts the first boards hopefully
to come next month but so when I have
the online store up I will surely do a
video let you guys know because a lot of
people have been saying Andy you know
how can i buy a shared blah blah it's
like what you can't right now unless you
can physically get to us that's cool but
for right now hang in there guys we're
working on it we're going to keep doing
videos of course and we're working on
online store and then hopefully by the
end of the summer we are full-fledged in
motion selling boards sound stuff
entertain iya stop meowing could you do
that I'm trying to be professional do a
video here please
apparently my cats don't listen to me
and if you watch this video back you
like I count on my fingers if I'm
listing things off the entire time and
I'm rare very rarely that I go to my
second finger I'm like I'm just saying
things like well I went here yesterday
that's pretty cool I'm really stressed
out like what does counting on one
finger do for me I'm a dummy but a
couple things guys if you haven't seen
the contest video go watch it I'm doing
a contest you can win some revenge
shirts you win some skate goodies win
some money so go check that video out
and if you did see it you haven't
entered here's a reminder to you know
freaking answer the contest because we
want to see all you guys entries you
don't say alright whatever you know what
I'm saying next part of the video I also
want to give a shout out in this video
my good friend Justin Nelson I've known
him for a long time he's starting a
youtube channel i actually he started a
YouTube channel and for any of you guys
that are in video games he's trying to
get as many trophies as you can on the
PSN network and he's trying to rank up
as high as he can so go check out his
videos this is the ps3 trophy hunt I
think whatever it says down there that's
the right thing go check it out and
subscribe he's a good dude and he's my
friend and check him out and he's a good
dude and he's he's my friend I'm almost
done though bear with me I've got two
more things before I wrap this up a lot
of you guys have found me on facebook if
you want to add me as a friend on
Facebook that is completely cool i'll
put the link below and you guys can you
guys can add me and then we'll be like
friends in real life because facebook is
life you know i'm saying i'm actually
just kidding Facebook's whatever but I
used all time so go ahead and add me if
you want the last thing is that I've
been getting a lot of comments and
messages I if you guys have a question I
usually always try to answer it
especially messages it's getting harder
and harder especially with like the
little time I have to sit on the
computer and really go through things
I'm sorry I'm doing the best I can if i
don't answer your question or add you
know i'm not trying to ignore you just
keep in mind i'm really busy and i'm
getting a lot lately so I'm sorry and
it's probably only gonna get worse and
worse from here on out because I if
people are like I'm getting a lot of I'm
growing on youtube as what I'm saying I
accept have to stutter and selling an
idiot in the process of saying a simple
sentence like that but things are
knocking on YouTube and I'm sorry I'm
going to do the best I can to answer
your questions and respond because you
know you guys are awesome like all my
subscribers I'd like some of the best in
the world and I'm not trying to ignore
any of you and I'm just saying the same
thing over and over again so i might as
well just and the video here rock on
watch out for some revenge videos I've
got those coming and some I need to do a
seller skit Ivan don't wanna forever but
yeah things are going to keep on going
the way they've going and here you know
what I might as well wake this sleeping
kitty up so subscribe or this kitten
yeah that's just it just subscribe or
this kitten
all right but a couple things guys uh
good couple things I put a couple things
guys that Alex I'm freaking trying to
record a video and I'm have trouble and
then you call me hold on one second
youtube was listen to you right now what
him to say what does that even mean the
inside of a foot I know that was dumb
all right whatever say goodbye to
YouTube shut up shut up Sami Alan no no
I'm gonna start barking at you okay cuz
I know cats don't like dogs I will be a
dog if I have to that works cats meow
and threatened to be a dog that's how
you solve that problem yeah what uh now
freakin read under the bed cat I am
better than the cat actually it's a girl
her name is ninja now she does this she
just sits right at my computer like I'm
working it's like cat like most cats you
like to be by themselves and grumpy but
this cats are obsessed with me right
ninja Oh yep that's how cat works the
second you say they're obsessive you
they leave I'm gonna end the video
goodbye
