hey I'm Tyler and I'm back now be
filling the guys skate today yeah we are
have about three hours and we're gonna
try to hit a lot of spots and film a lot
of tricks good or bad so deal with what
are you doing sneaking up on me like
that he always making that face crown
all right what's prize i brought my
board first trick second whatever broken
broken board Oh toaster that's pretty
good she wasn't it broken broken stuff
everywhere watching the air mmm and he's
not filming yes dude and I have to try
okay you can trust for this gap you got
hurt and me I broke my freaking bored I
think this is a failure of a session
what do you say it a I'll totally agree
everybody there's if we stay here Weiss
is gonna end up in the hospital you're
gonna why don't you just do miss I don't
think any of that's gonna happen oh I
think yeah they might okay hey you got
one try Wes one try land this right here
we're leaving okay you gonna dance you
got to keep this rolling it's get a
referral and go freaking get up there
let's go snuff we don't care that's how
much that's how much part of it that's
where the revenge we all hear say we
don't care we don't care we don't care
know what instead of this Molly why
don't we all do it real quick all right
Rock Paper Scissors shoot Rock Paper
Scissors shoot Rock Paper Scissors shoot
Rock person shoot all right dude no is
get understanding this at all I don't
everything I understood what just
happened all right so i just bought a
new board and freakin new shoes and it
feels like I'm a brand new skateboarder
won't escape this rail this is actually
the rail that I heard my back on last
year never come back for revenge
don't i don't care if I'm video taping I
got married there
I'm sorry we didn't we didn't mean any
disrespect we were actually here one day
and they said come with their people
weren't here I'm not trying to I of bad
but they didn't tell me that yeah all
right so one board slide into the
session we got kicked out this day is
going hey and if you know what that
means it means and you don't say alright
so we're gonna go to another spot and
probably not land anything catch you
then hey got a sweet arm slide see that
rope the mark to that was dumb don't
even pick us on the video well the job
done any trouble just big
alright so we just came to the spot our
last pot of the day and came up with
nothing we like utterly failed at life
I'm pretty sure all our girlfriends are
gonna dump us yeah we're gonna get more
bills and then then I'm just gonna stop
talking and end the video All Right see
you man but since this is a day of
failure I'm gonna shoot you guys some
bonus footage of Alex trying to ollie
813 stare BAM bump bump it what does
that mean we don't we don't know and
pump it Pump It
gosh dude let's leave right now how bad
is top I think I can see good
I'm down here say Jason say it say it
Jay say no say subscribe dad
we know what guys since this was a day
of failure for us i'm at i'm gonna show
you a bunch of freaking motorcycles no
mopeds yeah I can't I can't film because
there's no pets flying down the street
who does that
