what's up guys so it has been a very
long time but finally it is contest time
and before I explain anything make sure
you watch this whole video before you
ask questions because every time I do
these contests everybody's like I'll
wait how do I even try to win this it's
like did you watch the video Ringo yeah
I think not watch the video and when in
five figure out the rules start I'm
gonna start going now you could be
anyone and win this contest you can be a
skateboarder you'd be a non skateboarder
you can be a chef I don't care the only
thing you have to be is a subscriber to
my channel so if you enter the contest
and I go to your page and you're not
subscribed to me on be like well you
know freakin X John Leroy off the list
because John Leroy is jerk alright if
your name is actually John Leroy I'm
kidding you're a great guy and I'm sorry
so the moral that story was subscribed
or don't enter most of you already know
I'm starting a skateboard company called
revenge skateboards well we got t-shirts
made to promote our upcoming videos
skate revenge and these are not on sale
yet we are going to give you a chance to
win these shirts before they go on sale
now most of you already probably assumed
that I'm getting redder ventures main
well here's one so I obviously got a
maid here's the catch though we do not
plan on selling redder aventures at all
okay the only way you're going to be
able to get a revenge shirt that's red
ever is through us personally if you're
one of us or through things like this
like contests okay like if we do demos
whatnot well maybe throw them out there
but here's your first chance to win a
renter event shirt okay I plan on giving
two of these away and then two other
color shirts away in this contest so
there'll be four winners total and so if
you win one of these you'll be one of
two people in the world other than the
team that has a red revenger that's
that's pretty cool right you feel
special I mean I'm i feel special saying
that i'm gonna stop them to go on the
next section but if you're a red shirt
winter you're also going to be getting
some goodies okay veera skateboarder you
can get some skateboard accessories we
got a new pair of wheels some china
bones reds bearings and some shorties
hardware okay that's pretty cool grand
prize for you guys having skate if you
do not skate fear not you can still
enter because the second red shirt is
going to be getting some freaking moolah
I'm gonna be honest it's probably be in
the form of a visa or mastercard gift
card they can spend anywhere because I
probably want
some cash but you'll be getting a shirt
and some dough so that's pretty neat
right first runner-up prize is going to
get a shirt of dirt color and this
random bag of miscellaneous things from
galaxy skate shop okay i bought the
skate stuff from galaxy skate shop in
northern kentucky if you live in the
Cincinnati area shop from them they're a
really good shop and they're supporting
the scene so they rock and you have them
to thank for this random gift bag okay
this is stuff just honestly like
whatever you found around the shop he
threw into this bagging games music hey
give that away as a surprise and I was
like dude yes that is completely my
style so I'm not even gonna tell you
what's inside it's random it's goofy and
you can win it okay and the next runner
up prize is going to just get a shirt so
the rap of the prizes we're going to
have to redshirt winners one with some
skate goodies one with some spending
cash okay then you have a runner up with
a shirt of a different color and the
random bag and then we have a another
runner up that just gets shirt okay so
now you're gonna be like okay how do I
freaking win this stuff right all you
have to do to enter this is make a video
and post it as a video response to this
video okay and tell us why you should
win this alright that's all you gotta do
I mean you can sit in front of the
camera and just tell us why you should
win it but that's not fun make it
creative okay you can do it by like tell
the story do a skit make it funny make
it dramatic we don't care just entertain
us and tell us why you should win but
here's some tips okay use your
imagination and be really creative okay
if you go back to my februari contest
and watch that's a banana products video
they put so much effort into their video
and they won okay and it was amazing and
I can blew me away alright so the whole
revenge team is gonna be judging just
impress us be creative it doesn't matter
what you do the video about just tell us
why you should win rule number one like
I said before you have to be a
subscriber so if you're not find it
wherever the heck YouTube has it these
days and click it rule number two it has
to be your content so if I open your
video up and it's like hey hey Andy this
is why I should win then you have some
edit of smashes videos I want to be like
ah no rule number three your entry has
to be two minutes or less because I'm
probably gonna get quite a few of these
and on the up all night washing them so
two minutes or less rule
number four only one entry per person is
allowed okay so if I see a multiple
entries coming from one channel that
disqualifies all of the videos I mean
come on that's just not fair so one
entry for each of you that's it that's
it and lastly make sure somewhere in the
video you have something saying like hey
my name is Jerry and this is why I
should win your name doesn't have to be
Jerry but you get what I'm saying it's
just to make sure that you did the video
for this contest so get on the videos
guys you have until June fifteenth when
at midnight when June sixteenth hits I'm
going to cut the video responses and I'm
not going to accept any more so make
your videos you got time post miss video
responses and we can't wait to see them
this is going to be one of the few
chances you're gonna be able win a red
or venture so get on it I'm probably do
another contest either july or august
and i'll be giving away some skateboards
so stay tuned and that's it i probably
have some bloopers in this video because
I'm I've got problems I've got issues in
front of a camera as here's the deal so
if you're not subscribed subscribe and
you're gonna go to win some more stuff
and you'll be able to see me act like an
idiot on the internet if not i'm just
gonna demonstrate to leave subscribe or
die
that's that away we've got issues hi
cute kitties just let her sleeping my
feet I wish life I really wish my life
was that relaxing I'm just gonna sit
down reddish this Bigfoot and sleep I
can do it under ventures okay the only
way you're gonna be able to get a read
or venture that is so hard to say read
revenge read revenge read revenge I read
revenge I sound like a freaking like
Flintstones cartoon or something ready
baby you're that's that's Scooby Doo
that's cute video t-rex shut up we don't
actually plan on selling red revenge
shirts the one way you're gonna be able
to get her a drip this is a freaking
tongue twister read read read read read
read read read revenge it's freaking
annoying oh hey I got a text message why
don't you stop filming and view it
exciting very exciting very exciting
very exciting very exciting how many
times I can say that stop saying it by
