yes - bitch if you now take aboard time
to the board time hey double joy connect
on camera but we're doing a video I'm
not I don't need to talk to this as you
do it okay quit seven is a finger board
video I've done the finger board video
in a long time and yeah I gotten Vince
for my friend Brandon Keller he made
this for me it's a homemade finger board
apparently a lot of people do this like
they press their own mold their own
finger boards I don't know how hard it
is but it's pretty awesome
it just got kids to give me that back
look it's a homemade of revived finger
board who is this character what was
that taking it from so thank you so much
Brandon has been a supporter of my
companies and my videos for ever since I
started he's been here forever he's an
awesome guy and we're going to make a
video out of this we're gonna have some
fun we got some news fingerboard stuff
look there Kinslow my friend started his
own like fingerboard ranch and these are
like quality like your scotch I'm sure
it is told to his metal you got new to
interested okay deal who I like your
setup here hey won't you board said this
okay put the rail like here so you can
actually roll up to it and boardslide it
did learn Holly oh my gosh okay that
wasn't ollie but that was a really
creative way of doing it good job at the
rock man they're mine it's a fish now
hit the fish why would you get a fish it
was grind well now you really can get
onto it
Oh tell you some three that's a pretty
long finger board oh my gosh oh you fell
out of it yeah if you actually been in
there in over a year for our business
how long are you here I feel like that's
always how long all right come on use
your spider-man power oh my gosh oh oh
nose grind
all right here look correctness so you
did use three when your hands get a
little bigger you're gonna want to just
use two okay come on joy dis
and then landed right
yeah bagels a box you're cute bagel what
and you're correct swings if you just
look great yet that's because you're
looking for something that's orange yeah
here's white belly the white cat all
right a bagel colored cat yeah all right
I'm going to do to church now the riding
did two tricks which I do try to capo
500 what kind of like this simply I
broke it
alright oh no we got it all okay good do
you have a tool one get a tool he's
cleaning up the mess he made to get said
tool we are back in action
alright we're back in action you
ravenous that was not it I feel like
this would be way easier to keep my back
tail made me fuck our you did do that
good job this feels easier than a tech
tech and then when I actually start
trying it is wait harder gosh it was one
foot it was like this this is not the
right foot it's having a foot as a
finger alright you bored
alright you're bored no it was the one
foot again it was light even if it's
transplant
that's not that's not right
I have no idea why that was that hard
but that was hard
thank you I love you all right I'm gonna
do one more trick it's not gonna be that
hard I'm going to try one I don't think
I've ever filmed I'm doing no slide
nollie that was a no slide show I was a
shove it okay whoa I was not me and do
that but I was no smooth sorry oh do you
see me that was my best whatever your
terms are tricking out saying you do a
flip trick off of this and then land it
okay yeah you do it don't do it off the
table you just did awful take back all
that you just wrote down it I don't know
what that was never something ha your
hand other way
let's do it I do not know what that was
those awesome accident scene yeah that
was like a half impossible so that's one
trick I don't do one more do you do like
a 3-2 or something do it oh oh you get
you got it
I think of a bird cute
what hey why would you think about that
thank you
dude that was good I saw that foot come
on for a second that was good oh that
was that like a three foot 180 I'm sorry
probably did the wrong man good job I
did my big trick that was your big trick
Wow
you did it
alright my turn for two tricks I'm going
to skate the rail okay
I want to do a three foot nose round
that's my big trick by a decent runnin
nice yeah the three flip 180 yeah it was
good dude it took you a second but you
did it well I'll do a kickflip a cliff
because clearly those are work
oh this work oh my gosh now what that
was easy the hard one three condos run
if I land this then five tries I will
buy you a another puppy I really hope it
will land in progress one two it's
Berlin I'm going good three hmm for this
oh sorry no puppy oh who is that feasel
it wasn't trying it
ah Oh Cuba hasn't even dig that long
I've never done one that smooth that was
chapter one
no we take it a copy now and we can just
be happy about dad's fingerboard trick
know that sounds really not cool when I
say like that my hand is melted off I
got into it perfect that was for sure it
mmm oh it's your turn zoo tricks you
don't wanna do someone I want to set up
second - it was fun what are we doing
here get out here sink down it on
conviction enough okay give me a crack
at the manual so manual to lipslide okay
boss
now quit what - land - flip off wow
that's pretty cool was that good
a kickflip watch this one's gonna be
great
do you want to on a streak um what are
you doing I am for my skin what if it
makes been climbed up oh that's a good
idea here do it over here so yeah Barone
okay let's see it
got that for the board side up
oh my gosh yes
brah yeah that was a good combo you use
three fingers I saw that but that was
good
you were like this you're like
boardslide up nose Ryan okay shove it
out okay and then go to the edge more
slide this why not four slot on the
corner and then fall off Wow
so there is thank you so much to Brandon
for saying this to us
I'm teeny trash and you're thinking
candy crush yeah I have that boom okay
cool yeah that's a lot of people I think
you have it
no I deleted it why I think it got
boring it's pretty cool I think I would
still go with a tech tech overall but
since it says revive I think I'll just
put it up on the shelf somewhere it's
pretty cool
yeah we're going to keep it it's a gift
yes yes these are well I don't know I
might have to give these back I think
Casey this is low-flow this stuff is
really awesome all of this stuff was
really good so if you guys want to check
it out put the link right down there
thank you to a Casey and our Kinslow for
letting me use these and this was
awesome so if you guys want to see more
fingerboard videos just let me know
these are always done really well on my
channel so I hope you guys like it I'm
always doing videos and then I force new
videos with this guy a lot so I just hit
this is your calling right now long
we'll get back up so if you guys want to
see more videos from me just hit the
subscribe button right down below and
you're signed up see more free videos
right whoa
well I was just come saying we use you
said woohoo and I was like whoa you guys
have a great day I mean Jen and I will
play candy crush
you're not playing kiddie crush you
already been on your iPad today oh yeah
you're going to do some chores you any
chores or you want to I mean you can
play in here oh wow
there you go but then do chores right
you don't want to do chores and iron
stuff yeah fine I'm taking all of your
tours and I'm going to buy myself
something
bonus clip what should we do for the
bonus lift um don't put your gross Ishi
band-aid on me Oh blood on why is it
blood because you scratched it open
laughing ooh let's go give you a bath or
something
no why why not those are great II last
night so you're good for one month don't
do that yes there's a cold one that's
not how Bad's work ah
later guys
