what's up guys one time I got a request
for footage from when I first started
skateboarding and I finally got around
to doing this video I couldn't find much
but all the footage you're about to see
is from my first year to year and a half
of skateboarding and I had to get the
footage from tapes from a really crappy
camcorder because we weren't really rich
back then not that I'm rich now but hey
it's bad for quality footage so bear
with me and with that said I'm going to
show you guys young Andy skateboarding
swatch it
you
what that wasn't enough all right fine
then here's old footage of me kicking my
friend in the head subscribe or die
subscribe or get vitamin C and a little
healthier life that if you didn't
subscribe not gonna put that in there
subscribe or get stuck with the chat I
freaking needed that my lips felt great
now my hoodie's phone off and now I'm
left vulnerable and insecure about my
entire life
