Oh forgive me you guys caught me
enjoying some literature here in my
library having some fine wine
my name is Chadwick my name is Chaz
McLaren and I'm an aspiring soap opera
actor what's that your agent called and
he wants to see my demo reel Therese I
slept with your sister to prove a point
everyone knows to be in soap operas you
have to have a voice to make the woman's
legs feel like jelly me I have a voice
that makes their boobs melt Theresa a
celebrity sister to prove a point
and trust me I can come up romantic
lines off the top of my head all day
Sara I love you and I will always love
you until I stop loving you and
sometimes I like to hone my acting
skills with a friend you know what I
knew you would accuse me of that I knew
you would all the facts you there you
know what fact this can't believe you
shot me and if you're wondering about
physical scenes I got that wrong you're
kissing me it's so wrong but I love it
and every soap opera starting to cry you
know I can sew never I'm Chaz McLaren
call me today to get your boobs melted
my name is Chaz McLaren and I'm an
aspiring soap opera actor good Oh
forgive me you caught me enjoying some
literature of my library Harry spit that
all right calm down camera guy a nice
glass of Mountain Dew Zinfandel
this is stupid
it smells like fruit juice tastes like
your facebook what everyone knows to be
in a soap opera you have to have a voice
that makes the woman's leg feel like
Jill at leg leg just one leg just one
because girls don't we have one leg
believe it or not good I love you and I
will always love you until I stop loving
you
okay baby hard
