and no there's nothing wrong with your
audio I actually wasn't making noise
right there so how you guys looking for
your volume you just got fooled but
really guys this is just an update video
so if you're not wanting to follow my
channel don't watch this because I'm
just gonna be sitting here talking but
if you do want to follow my channel well
then here I am talking so listen this is
really just to go over things about the
world of revenge right now filming for
skate revenge is going both good and bad
we're going out twice a week at least
filming we're doing some good footage
but we're not getting a lot of tricks
for our part and granted you know skater
revenge is gonna be like goofy and
skating so it's like you can like it
whether you're a skateboarder or not but
the skateboarder side like we're going
to all these spots in Cincinnati that
we've been skating our whole lives and
you know we don't have a lot of new
tricks for them or like this the spots
are rundown and we're not really getting
kicked out at all which is good but man
a life do we need some new spots bad
we're taking a trip to California but
that's not till july and like i just i
don't know we need to say some like
weekend trips like to different cities
or something because whoo it's kind of
depressing actually but you know the
video is gonna get done no matter what
and i'm not i don't have any like doubt
about it that it's gonna be exactly how
we want it it's just you know I'd like
to be seeing a little more progression
on the skate side but speaking of
revenge I was gonna wait on some news
for you guys like I was going to release
the video and then kind of surprise the
world with it but we are not going to
surprise him world with it we're just
gonna get going right now and the big
news is I'm disappearing right now hold
on oh hey you know what you might have
seen this in a video what is this this
is a freaking skater event shirt and
that's not the news you're probably like
I'll call the mid shirts no this is the
first of many things we are actually
going to start revenge as a full-fledged
company and I'm making this video really
just to get your guys input on this you
know we started with the first run of
shirts these are actually already sold
out so those people are like hey I'm
gonna buy one you have to hold on they
will be on sale online but like we got
like 30 shirts in and within the first
week like they were all sold out just
from people we know here in Cincinnati
so but we're gonna work on getting
boards made by the summer if you think
this is a great idea get
the comment section below and be like
Andy I think this is ingenious you guys
are meant for this I'm trying to make
revenge a little different like I don't
want it just to be your normal like
worst caper comedy we can be the best
like I want to be the skateboarders the
skateboarder if you may like cuz I don't
view myself as somebody that's like I'm
a good skateboarder like I really view
myself as one of you guys out there on
the streets skating just like it having
fun you know and I think that like kind
of shows in our videos I want it to be
sold that way like I want it to be as
the the company like it's just a
skateboarding a group of friends
skateboarding so if you guys think
that's a very great idea let me know and
show your support because I would love
to hear from you guys because you guys
are really are our freakin audience and
we appreciate you guys and love you guys
as much but yes these shirts I'm pretty
psyched on them they came out well we
are getting them we're getting em in
within the next week so stay tuned for
an update video about that also I'm
gonna be having a contest this month and
you'd be able to win some of these
shirts so stay tuned for that as well
this is my right arm you already knew
that but in this footage it looks like
my left no it doesn't it looks like my
right but that's the real reason why I
want to make this video
furthermore if there are some videos
you'd like to see me do like I haven't
been doing lately like like like talking
videos like this I haven't really been
doing update videos so if you really
want to see those let me know but you
know I've been pretty good on skate
videos I'm doing my best how-to videos
have been doing I need to do more skits
so let me know what you really want to
see in this channel but more importantly
let me know what you think about revenge
being a full-fledged company because I
really want to happen and I think it's
going to so let me know down there I'll
keep you guys updated with the shirts
and whatnot look out for a contest
coming soon and you know what that's it
guys I'm gonna I'm gonna hold this hand
like here for the rest of video for no
reason really but um there are bloopers
at the end of this because I'm a frickin
taking me a long time to get this video
done but that said watch those and I
will see you next time subscribe or boom
I just
the hands of the rest video no subscribe
or die
this is just a this is just a montage of
me talking about how I'm gonna be
talking about crap can I get my thought
to the world right here no I can't
can I t-rex see a lot of make that face
but I know ya pays weird my lips look
got here we're getting some good footage
and we're getting some not good footage
that doesn't make sense but that what
does that mean we're getting some apples
but we're not getting some apples that
didn't get that study yeah
yes dun er start over who would learn
lurching who relation is Eric lurch Lutz
going into the computer screen good bye
bye this is kind of weird yeah yeah yeah
did you guys just show the cat sneeze
they should hear that oh I'm gonna play
that back right now
and there's B to be the next panda
sneezing video except house cats
probably sneeze all the time it's not
actually even cute no one cares about a
freaking cat sneezing through they tear
at
