what's up guys who wants to learn how to
in where heelflip if you said yeah
that's great I don't even care I'm gonna
teach you how to 3 flip dummy I can
teach you how to do a three foot all day
but it's not going to matter unless you
put some hard time and effort into this
trick okay especially with a three flip
it's hard to learn and you're gonna have
to be out there on the street trying
over and over again oh yeah and with any
trick if you do with sunglasses the
chicks are freakin gonna dig it and if
you're a chick other chicks are gonna
frickin dig it so how'd it go a 360
kickflip commonly known as a three flip
or a tre flip is a combination of a
kickflip and a 360 shuvit now you really
need to know how to kickflip to do this
trick but not so much on the 360 shuvit
just make sure you can sweep your foot
and spin your board decently and look at
this creepy guy on a roof how random is
that all right guys this trick has a lot
to do with your back foot you're gonna
want to put your back foot on the outer
edge of your board in the corner here
okay because when you pop it it's going
to start the spin immediately and that
is very very helpful your front foot you
don't want to put in the middle of your
board toes about halfway over maybe a
little farther or whatever you're
comfortable with but the most important
thing is pop that tail at the the corner
over here it's going to start the spin
slide your foot up and kick when it gets
to about 45 degrees all right so it's
going to pop spin kick right here that's
going to start the three flip you're
going to spin it all the way and take it
down you just do three flip okay so this
is essentially how you're gonna want
your feet to look guys okay pop slide
jump when it gets to be about here
you're gonna flick it that's gonna make
the board do its thing
alright guys the hardest problem when
you're learning on a three flip is just
the simple act of getting the board to
get all the way around
okay when you're learning this I know it
feels like the board weighs a thousand
pounds you're just going to have to keep
trying and trying again - your legs are
strong enough to really whip it around
at first your front foot is going to be
very important because that's probably
be what really helps make the spin go
eventually you're going to get a solid
enough pop that it's just around your
back foot but at first make sure both
legs are doing unlike a scissor kick
okay your back foots going to sweep and
your front foot is going to kind of push
it as you're kick that's what's going to
help the best
I do want to say that what helped me
learn how to spend them was I learned
fakie big flips first that personally
helped me get the spin down really well
so you might want to mess with that
trick if you're having trouble really
spinning the board
um if not here is to drill it in your
head guys back foot make sure it's in
the corner and make sure you do a solid
pop and sweep okay kick at a 45 degree
angle let it spin and land it's gonna
take a lot to learn this I know if
you're one of the skilled people that
learns it in like a week
congratulate if not you probably got
your work cut out for you but good luck
guys try try try subscribe or die bored
not throat fold you guys
my contacts
and that is ahead of the best just like
that I like the best standing still
through from over done dude I can't
those are hard nobody knows that those
are hard my to roll out of the frame
whose scooch it later guys
