Jah
these awareness what
is your order
they each other
this is fucked up
cool drop the fun
oh yeah thank God we're always like you
going down
the soul
Oh
freaka stop moving that should problem
this little dude broke alright that
footage was pretty old but you know what
I haven't shown you the crazy guy
footage so I was like why not make a
Hollywood high video so you know you
guys got a video so don't complain I'm
just kidding but uh this guy was
absolutely nuts he like walked by just
cursing at the sky like angry and
whatever and he picked my friend Jeff
out of everybody who's just like you I
hate you he started yelling at him and
then some wise guy who was not with us
he was like well I shouldn't let peer
and you know lo and behold the freaking
crazy guy and the weird Charlie Brown
like shirt she runs up the fence and
he's up there yelling at us and when you
saw the video but my friend Jeff booked
it to this day I have no idea where he
went he just disappeared so my friend
Scott and I followed the dude downstairs
as you saw and when the crazy guy turned
around to confront us like I was filming
and he was just like that guy got a
little awkward I was like guy huh what
do I do here so I just turned around and
skated back towards the rails and
eventually my friend Jeff came back and
the crazy guy wandered away I have no
idea where he went but uh it was pretty
it's pretty exciting time and that's
what happens in LA do you see crazy
people all over the place like on the
streets we saw some lady talking to a
bag of peanuts she's like having a
full-on conversation I was like right
Yeah right
um but rock on that's uh I got nothing
more to tell you guys that was that was
it that's my story and I'm gonna end the
video subscribe or t-rex
video video how that would hi video shut
up
I fed you alright I fed you man
ma'am me exactly that's how you get cast
shut up you Meowth them
