so I do skateboard videos and I do skits
too but sometimes I do vlog like videos
where just talk to the camera and you
know what I messed up sometimes so here
is the blooper montage oh yeah and I'm a
little weird
hi my name is sandy strife and a bull
would beat the crap out of me right now
but so all you guys who want to get a
shout out this next one easy
this next one easy this next one this I
can't even talk it I'm making fun of
myself myself I can't do anything buns
okay Facebook hold on five seconds
sponsors man maybe I just had this face
all time there like I was just stuck
like you know I've sat too close to the
TV my mom was right like you're
basically get stuck that way I'm gonna
put this on it's fashionable you know
girls like it you know girls like it
they're gonna be like oh my god she's
gonna frickin wristband
he's so hot heard all your semi love I'm
a freaking surfer I don't need to be
sitting front of camera I just need to
chill out on a beach I got my shorts on
I'm freaking out goodbye hey guys how
are you oh we're gonna be hey what are
you running over here for hey you guys
talk are you guys like Disney creatures
here you and Ian let's just say and one
more time and I freakin love life you
know what life is great right now I've
got money I'm skating I've got I'm
skating watching ah
you're me Alan the frickin Macintosh
I've decided to take being in shows a
little more seriously purple thing CSI
but where's the education in that it is
in my mouth I'm gonna go grab the Hat
and I'm gonna go put it in the frickin
dishwasher and I completely just set up
my hat in the dishwasher idiot stop and
start again why don't you stop singing n
stop I was love you people every week
but uh yeah but what what oh I'm
freaking on camera I'm a guy I don't
care about outfits this is a packaged
LED flashlight and it has nothing to do
with this video don't I'm gonna do with
this I just carry cat hey guys what's up
I didn't see you come in there hold on
why don't I just jump over here and then
reenter the frame because I'm gonna
start over the frame whoa it's like
swimming
it looks like I have no eyeballs they're
just white like I'm scorpion from Mortal
Kombat if you don't know that and if you
don't know that you're stupid I'm just
kidding around stupid I'm gonna go
though bye
I'm gonna be the dude with cat on a
shore at the end of this video how hard
did I look right now I'd look gangster
how cute do we look I should probably
stop the video
