all right so everyone knows to get into
a decent College you got to do pretty
good in high school but whenever one
doesn't know is that all colleges a
requirement is to be able to kickflip so
you might as well just watch this video
and learn how to do it okay but before I
teach you how to do this I'm gonna say
what I say before every how-to video and
that is I could teach you this all day
but it's not going to matter unless you
put really really hard work and effort
into this okay the best things you can
do aside from practicing is have a
magazine your side always and watch
skate videos and study the skaters okay
aside from that you're going to have to
try and try and try because this is
probably your first flip trick and it's
going to be hard to get okay a lot of
people take months to learn this trick
don't get discouraged just keep going no
matter what and we're all else fails
throw your board just kidding anger
angers bad guys let's learn how to
kickflip the kickflip is easily the most
popular flip trick in skateboarding
mostly because it's the first flip trick
the average skateboarder learns it's
where you ollie and make the board do a
barrel roll it's a great trick to learn
for beginners and you'll be using it
even when you get to a more advanced
skill level and here's footage of an
adorable little kitten which has nothing
to do with skateboarding at all
okay so basics of a kickflip you're
going to kick your board slide your foot
up and jump all at the same time which
is essentially an ollie but instead of
keeping your front foot at the top of
the board you're gonna kick out okay
creating a barrel roll motion with your
skateboard when it kid when it finishes
the flip you're gonna put your feet back
on to prevent it from landing upside
down or leaning Premo and you're gonna
bring the board right back down to the
ground alright with foot placement guys
as far as your back foot goes with
learning you're going to want to get it
comfortably somewhere at the back of the
tail wood to give you a solid pop you
know mess around with it whatever
whatever gives you a comfortable pop go
with that okay because this trick is
mainly with your front foot when you get
more advanced with the kickflip if you
pull it back and pop it right about here
it'll give you a much more solid pop and
it'll tweak your kickflip a little bit
but as far as learning goes put your
back foot here guys okay now with your
front foot you're going to put it about
half way to get you a nice solid pop but
you know maintain control at the same
time a lot of people teach to put your
whole foot across the board that's fine
if that's what works for you
if it's more comfortable but I
personally
put my toes about halfway across the
board it just it's easier to flip for me
and it's I maintain all of my my pop in
control
so I mess around with this and whatever
feels more comfortable for you put your
foot there but you know the basics is
you're going to pop slide your foot and
flick okay right about where the concave
dips down and in the nose starts going
up you can actually see where I flick so
you know right in that little like dip
down is where you're going to want to
flip and you're going to put those
together I'm going to put your front
foot here back foot there and if you'll
notice when I actually did the trick my
front foot is angled ever so slightly
okay when you're sliding it gives you a
little more leverage and it gets your
foot ready for the flick so when you're
trying try to angle your foot it will be
better off for you I promise
when you're learning this there are two
problems I'm going to drive you crazy
the first one is getting the board to
flip all the way and that's the easier
one honestly you're just gonna have to
keep trying kick kick kick kick kick
until you're flipping that board all the
way around okay you're gonna be landing
on an upside down you'll be landing free
move slipping out and falling on your
face and it's gonna suck but it's all
part of the game keep going because you
will get the rotation down and you'll be
flipping them like a pro if you just
keep trying the second one is what I see
people doing most when they're shining
cake comes okay they don't jump over the
board okay they're sitting there trying
it and they're just going this like when
you run your escape where you're going
to jump in the air so why plant your
back foot on the ground right away what
you're gonna have to do to get over this
problem is you're gonna have to force
yourself to jump over the board okay
don't let your back foot hit the ground
the ground is evil okay jump over your
board no matter what land right on it
even if it's not flipping it's a good
thing if you land over there board so
many people just like that like well
you're flipping it but the board's over
there you're not even above jump up over
your board okay even if it's not jump in
the air over and over again until it
gets in your head edge drills in your
head guys you're going to pop slide jump
all at the same time when you get in the
air you're going to flick let the board
rotate if it's not rotating kick it
harder kick it over and over again until
it's rotating all the way if you're not
landing on top of the board or even
remotely over the board you're going to
have to learn how to jump into the air
with your skateboard that's a problem
you're going to have to learn on your
own over and over over again jump up in
the air pop slide jump flick try try and
try subscribe or die
he's in high school but what not
everybody knows what not everybody knows
what not rolling away on my butt so yeah
bye I feel like better I promise okay
train yourself to jump I just broke my
toe
yeah that was Justin Ellis right there
huh did you get that that's adorable
dude
