dude I cannot wait to skate yeah we're
gonna go outside we're going to go to
just film a great game video outside oh
wait it's disgusting because we're in
Ohio I had to ask so we are stuck inside
the Shred quarters but we are going to
give you a video trickshot action okay
we're going to we've done it before
trampoline like skate tricks which is a
lot of fun we're going to incorporate
the tire this time I was a long time ago
I want that it was like a year ago the
whole setup was different yeah well so
first things first let's open this up we
were again so happy we should just do
that yeah we the first thing we do is we
could reenact this photo I can do that
all right let me a great trick shot do
does it take like real work to put
together all right maybe we shouldn't
scrap that far idea usually they just
have the legs end up well screwed in oh
really stir this just making the car one
build miserably something crackle
interval yeah turn jump on it it is done
all right first things first
I'm going to we're going to put the tire
here get a bounce of skateboard threw it
over there here then you got to land and
roll off all right do you want to be the
launcher or the lander I'll land okay oh
man you seemed so unsure about that does
it work the trampoline give you the
hardest day in the entire world that one
did a little better
Alyx so weird
whoa we're to smooth this up
that's how we do it
next on the roster astronomer says you
get to be the Coppedge the lander you be
the kicker let's go to the three sir
okay I'll get the trampy this is light
we'll see what we're doing
you're lighting up the aminal anthem all
right Katie taking the board through the
tire bounce off this aisle and whatever
happens
literally like jumping on to a nollie
midair
I'm sweating from that my gosh I'm
sweating from that we're not going to
need the tire for this one okay I'm
tired of the tire okay it's funny yeah
it's funny okay well we kind of use the
tire anyway I'm going to fling it off
here it's going to do whatever happens
yeah
that's that suck well it was okay and
that we were doing beautiful kick flips
off it and then it was like it was like
that I'm thinking put the trampoline
against this so off the prop it up yeah
like that and I'll grind bounce it off
that it goes back this way through the
tire and you land okay no we'll break
that but this will be one heck of an
ender for you
all right there we go
all right tell me you're not surprised I
worked really all right
you
I want to get the brine right here I
can't retire
you got it oh the tire really smack
the trampoline
Oh
come on you know that fell good how much
we were like machines operating a
factory and like terminators and then
the drones from Clone Wars not them but
the terminators yes
oh yeah
now I'm going to do it just because I
want to
we both yeah well alright I'm not gonna
spend more time with happen
alright we are done guys we hope you
guys like that the ender was fun
actually all her fun except the one
where he launched it off this thing and
it wouldn't just suck just frustrating
but uh hope you guys were entertained by
this it's been a while since I've done
like a little trick shotting head video
like this so probably fun and this guy
helped me this guy did Oh in fact the
video that's over on his channel today
is uh I'm putting up a new skateboard
but he faced it for me and he I don't
know you might talk to them Holly talk
abour it's a board setup go check it out
you want to see the best sticker ever
it's a dog pooping
there's a thing above his head and that
is where you're going to quit to go to
his channel he has awesome content thank
you but thank you guys for watching
check his channel out I do when you hear
all the times hit the subscribe button
right below this video if you want to
see more from me
and that is it I will see you guys in
the future this year we just jumped
around the warehouse really yeah and I'm
really ready to actually skateboard that
my gosh
