so how the heck do you ollie that's
where you jump on the skateboard right
but you got to start somewhere right and
I'm going to teach you guys how to out
the first thing I want to tell you
before trying any scary trick including
ollie that is 95% up to you whether you
learn this trick or not okay
the best thing you can do when you're
trying any skateboard trick is watch a
lot of skate videos and study the
skateboarders and try and try and try
and try okay because I can tell you how
to do it all day and it's not going to
matter unless you put some real time and
effort and what you're doing as most
people know that ollie is the basic
maneuver in skateboarding
whether you want to learn gaps rails
basic flip tricks or even airing over
kids you got to learn how to ollie
are you
already know the basics of doing ollie
but you know hey I'm gonna freakin tell
you it anyway okay so we're going to
kick here with your back foot of course
it's gonna kick the board off at that
moment you're going to slide your front
foot up you don't all at the same time
okay when you're first learning the
trick you're going to be doing kinda
weak like taps or just you just go like
that and you're not even going to know
how if you got off the ground the first
few times you actually do an ollie so
it's good to have a friend nearby
telling you how you're doing as far as
foot placement goes I would say the very
back of the tail to get a nice solid pop
and I would say you know make sure it's
the center of the tail - okay because if
you go inward a little bit it'll give
you a faster pop but you not gonna have
as much stability especially with
learning so I would say the very center
so you have control your front foot I
would put the very middle of the board
if you put it further back it'll give
you a higher ollie but you know as far
as learning you're gonna have more
control if you put it a little higher up
so go with the center of the board and
the back center of the tail and just to
demonstrate back foot about here front
foot about there so if you're just
learning how to skateboard you're gonna
be practicing this trick a lot and
naturally you're going to want to try to
learn it standing still because that's
easier for you but you're gonna have to
force yourself to learn it moving
because you know gaps grinds everything
it involves a moving ollie
okay so to wrap everything up guys
there's the three magic steps in
learning how to ollie the pop the slide
and the jump all at the same time okay
if you walk away with anything from this
video remember pop slide jump okay when
you start doing it it's going to look a
lot like like that or you're gonna be
like oh okay that's normal that's how
everybody learns so don't get
discouraged just keep on going try try
and try alright one thing when you get
pretty consistent with getting in the
air you might want to try kicking down
inter tail harder as hard as you can to
get a really nice solid snap okay that's
going to make your your board pop up in
the air a little a little harder and
when you slide your foot up it's going
to make your ollie a lot higher so
remember once more hop slide jump try
try and try subscribe or die
I'm freaking out that was a stupid kick
Holly what do you land on the very first
time you land one girls come up and give
you drinks for free my point exactly
even though I was going to use you that
way to do this is not sweetie
I might get better at it but eventually
you're going to have to step it up and
practicing it while moving
