what's up guys it has been a very long
time since i've done an update video and
you know frankly i'm just come on all
right i got this problem where I keep
disappearing at random and its really
annoying you should have seen the person
riding shotgun with me earlier boy was
it were they surprised my I'm back oh
yeah yeah all right hey what's up guys
um you know what I just got to be honest
with you I haven't been disappearing
random that was that was the magics of
editing and I freakin fooled at least
three of you like there's three of you
out there that just be like well he
disappears is pretty that would suck ha
see you guys might be wondering hey
where does head co and please watch the
bloopers at the end of this video to
find out how with that said this is an
update video and if you don't care to
follow where my channel is going you
probably want to watch this with that
said I'm gonna go right into a guess I
have been so busy okay as of this friday
i'm technically working for jobs okay
i'm serving at the Olive Garden at night
I am a freelance videographer so I have
like video jobs throughout the month I
do errands here and there for a tutoring
in your home company in Cincinnati and
now I'm main like Manning a lot like a
parking lot i sell tickets basically
it's pretty cool which like you just sit
there you get tips and you get paid on
the hour and you just sit there like
reading books and drinking drinks and
people come up with their cars and
they're like here's three bucks give
them a ticket like freaking heck yeah
that's a good summer job so I'm working
a lot okay and when I'm not at a job I
am skating or I'm doing something for
youtube always like it's just non-stop
busyness it sucks but there is a point
of this video I promise I kind of want
to just just a refresh on some things
I've been going for this year I have a
lot of new subscribers you know I made
partnerships things have changed a
little bit for me but um there's two
main goals and I'm focusing on you know
other than friggin getting by
financially because that's kind of hard
these days but i'm filming skate video
called skate revenge most of you
probably picked up on that if you
haven't been following my help to videos
but uh it's a skate / goof off video
okay um it's basically it's kind of like
what you see on my channel it's going to
be that's going to be skater event
except better I I plan to have it out by
the end of this year if not I want to
have it out by this time next year for
sure so stay tuned for more updates I'm
real
just worried about filming it right now
but all the pieces will come together
and you guys to start seeing trailers
for it fairly soon hopefully the second
thing I wrote a book yesterday erased
it's called I know much do people then
don't know that I'm a rider be like wow
this this this freakin weirdo rights
yeah there's some intelligence in here I
promise but um it's a coming-of-age
story it's about myself growing up with
my friends girls skateboarding all that
stuff but I'm test reading it right now
I'm giving the book to a couple of my
friends people that I don't know if you
that I do know and I'm getting really
really good feedback from it and that's
actually why I'm about to say this I'm
going to hold off on publishing it um
because I'm getting such good feedback I
think then if I wait so I have a little
more following on the Internet more
subscriber count' whatnot I think it'll
take off a little better so I'm gonna
hold off maybe another year and we'll
see where it is then if something comes
along and it changes i'll let you guys
know but so just keep that in the back
of your head to be like oh this guy's a
writer or something next part of the
video is gonna happen right now pigpens
are for freaking girls I'm just kidding
if you're dude you can have a pink pad
out let me care but you just ask me hey
Andy what videos are we gonna see this
here well you're going to see much of
the same thing that you've been seeing
okay I'm going to keep on going with I'm
going to go with we want revenge
webisode things i'm going to post you
guys skating what i can i'm going to do
skits some of the bigger videos that I'm
gonna that I want to point out I'm gonna
do another public pranks the falling
skateboard okay I'm gonna make a grand
I'm going to put some effort into it I'm
going to like plan days just to like get
really epic falls out there so watch out
for that I hope to have it out late
spring early summer so within the next
couple months it'll be out but one of my
most popular videos is the funniest
montage if you haven't seen it go watch
it if not you know it's just like a
handful of goof off stuff that I
collected over the years well there is
going to be another one of those but I'm
going to wait until after skate revenge
to post it because all of the new goofy
stuff is going to go to skate revenge so
after skate revenge they'll be like a
funniest montage ever too so watch out
for that um you know I'm gonna keep up
with with the same things I've been
doing like I said feel free to get on
your keyboards down there and tell me
the stuff you like the most
that's what you guys can do you guys can
have a part of this video just get down
there and be like Andy this is what I
want to see and I will take a guest
feedback and I will try to do what you
guys want to do oh wait I just I just
stopped talking didn't that last video I
had a shout out contest and you know
what I didn't I didn't even forget about
you guys okay I watched all of the falls
that you posted as video responses and I
picked my favorite one here it is this
is a filmer filling his friend and he
falls into a fountain you don't actually
get to see the fall but how it's filmed
it's it's done pretty well it's it's
you're gonna gonna find it funny so
watch this right here save the camera
okay so this was from Al Tyler 138 check
his channel out and subscribe because
that was some classic material and I
mean it's it's funny you know what I
just I'm gonna watch it again right now
but that's it guys I'm gonna have some
how-to videos starting up here shortly
so watch out for those with that said
I'm gonna I'm gonna go okay subscribe or
get protracted didn't make any bit of
sense goodbye
the annoying hey you know you should
have seen the person driving shotgun I'm
trailing off you should have seen her
sharpie marker it writes and stuff
viously stock talking stocking talking
it's like jits it's a wonderful thing I
don't know I got em yeah yeah yeah you
know one of these days one of these days
you're gonna freakin log online and
there's gonna be living like Andy went
to an institution today because he's got
problems start over I can't put my hat
upon to uh kind of we go ahead some
stuff to fill you in on but this one was
just kind of meant to refresh your mind
what am I talking with nobody cares why
just say hey I'm done by am rambling I'm
rambling at nobody's giving a crap so
what do i do I throw my hat that one in
the kitty litter I'm mad it freakin did
look at this I'm not all right just to
prove that I'm not lying play that you
see that red hat
that's me annoyed I'm gonna go grab the
hat and I'm gonna go put it in the
freakin dishwasher how about I move the
kitty litter away from the wall that I
throw things at that might be a good
idea idiot yeah and I completely just
said I'm going to put my hat in the
dishwasher
