so I just got over to bangerang and
Tyler's house and what do you know
Tyler is sleeping let's wake them up
Tyler Tyler Tyler Oh wake up Tyler it's
all anakata
oh oh I did it first bring it try
hitting me that's how you wake up twice
Tyler mash no singing Justin Bieber how
much how do you do I'm doing good how
you doing
picked like the smallest table that
would happen I just sat down what's up
guys today
the revenge cruise hanging out and our
good friend Tyler here sup is leaving
for the Marine Corps in like five days
three or four days for four or five days
he lied and we're going to show him act
me better talking don't show me good
times a day stay tuned for the ride over
now hey dude hey hey go to safety go to
safety
why are you here so we're at the
beautiful Grand Canyon gap and West is
trying Olly
like look at what you're driving Alex a
nice piece of what cool thing about
these deaf lenses it can make a huge van
look no better cuz they're dumb so that
didn't turn out too well I think I'm
pretty much no one picks up for the day
as he says holding a stupid blue eye
stick okay it works that right it's cold
gosh alright so like I said before Tyler
he was getting shipped off to the
Marines okay and I thought well we might
as well send them off with a bang we're
gonna go inside this mall and we're
gonna try to get him a freaking kiss
from a female for free or die
there's I turn it off oh this is
actually kind of harmless malls okay all
right here it is this is epic
come on it's okay oh thank you very much
nice kissing you cheap thank you very
much I feel daddy's you don't know your
name done oh okay that works out good
okay a little brother Tyler just got
kissed
now we're skateboarding
oh no male right here actually I jumped
over it Meza
yeah it's cool man it didn't hurt dude
alright so we just stayed here for like
an hour and he got a trick for his part
which you're not gonna see because he's
saving it for a sweety part and I got
nothing and they had fun and I got mad
but this is a saying goodbye to Tyler
you guys are going to see him for like
three months why is it boot camp later
dudes
what's up guys so I got the idea to do a
little webisode it's like the video you
just saw leading up until the release of
skate revenge so basically anything we
filmed that's not going to make it into
skate revenge we put in little videos
and it'd be like a day in the life of
the revenge drew if you like that idea
get on your keyboards down below and be
like dude Andy that video rat that's a
great idea
and if you don't then don't even tell me
because I don't I don't even want to
know I'm just kidding though but if you
like the idea tell me let me know and I
will keep these up I'll probably do them
about twice a month of you know until
skate revenge is out but as you guys saw
in the video Tyler our good friend Tyler
is leaving for boot camp to be a Marine
and make sure you guys go down on the
comments and be like Tyler you know
wishing your best but from me and the
crew Tyler we're gonna miss you and I
hope all goes well in it and I guess
that's it guys you know what I haven't
thrown anything in a long time and I
just happen to have a very large roll of
tape here so you know what's gonna
happen to this oh you guys just got
faked subscribe or die in the kitty
litter box once again
you
