do you hate telling people bad things or
maybe you're just shy well I got good
news for you because I'm James for bad
news guy bad news horrible news I don't
give a heck because for only fifteen
dollars i will make a phone call to
anyone and tell them whatever you want
me to she's pregnant and you're the dad
sucks to be you hello home depot yes my
name is James for and I'm calling in for
Brian Ames he quits but Todd likes other
guys okay my gosh I know why he's
breaking up with you now you are crazy
girl Rob number sent home depot well I
still quit haha and even if your wife
isn't one of those non-talking moods
I'll even order you pizza now I got some
good news and I got some bad news bad
news you're getting laid off good news
you get to collect unemployment this
right here is a sledgehammer but that's
not all for only five dollars more I'll
do it in real life now I'm sorry to be
the one who tells you this but you
literally are adopted and I don't have
to call from the comfort of my own home
I could call from this park cuz I got a
cell phone so call me James Forge get
your bad news delivered today that's 1
800 555 2862 and if that's hard to
remember here it isn't letters
and you thought the commercial was over
yeah because I'm gonna break something
yeah
I'm not done with you yet
and you thought the commercials over
uh-uh because I'm gonna break something
I missed man I'm sorry to be the one
that tells you this but Russell T
Peabody died two o'clock yesterday got
trampled by some elephants at the zoo oh
I know I know and I'm sorry to be the
one that delivers his message to you but
it's my job
