what's up guys i'm using my nice camera
to record this because both of my v exes
suddenly stopped connecting to my
computer at the very same time which
kind of scares me because if this one
stops connecting I don't even know what
am i doing I have like three expensive
cameras because this is nice it's like
an HD it's way better than those and uh
yeah and then you guys aren't gonna have
videos you'd be like where'd all the
videos go guy Andy and like I'll be like
trying to limit oh my camera my computer
hates me you hear that it freaking hates
me so guys I am a YouTube partner now
and that is fantastic when I found out I
made this face but really I have only
you guys to thank well I mean you and
Google or YouTube same thing but you
know if you guys weren't watching my
videos youtube probably wouldn't care
about me but really thank you guys I
have some of the best subscribers out
there you guys have been there for a
while now to support me and spread the
word about me and I am eternally
grateful for that but this video is
really just to say thank you and tell my
story of how I got here for those of you
who are interested in aiming towards the
partnership program I started this
channel back in 2007 and for the first
two years I posted just a video here and
there every once in a while um and back
in July or August of last year 2009 I
got the idea to really you know him for
partnership and really start doing the
youtube thing at that time I had like a
couple probably like 500 subscribers
just from the videos i posted randomly
and i started really going at it i was
posting like three videos a week ok and
it just started just the subscriber rate
just started shooting up in September I
gained like 74 subscribers that month
and then the next month next month the
next month kept going up until january i
got like over 400 subscribers in one
month but let me back up for just one
second okay 2009 the beginning of
november is when i hit a thousand
subscribers and that's when i put my
application of her partnership but i
just want to note that it took me over
two years to hit a thousand subscribers
and five months after the thousand mark
i'm almost at 2,700 so that shows you
how much growth like it took me a good
two plus years in a thousand and then
within the last five months i've gotten
about 1700 and and that's just for me
like putting my effort in and making new
creative original videos and i just want
to point out that it took youtube a
solid five months
you my application okay so if you're
aiming for this I mean send it off and
then keep doing what you're doing and
just forget about it because you can't
sit around waiting for that you're going
to go crazy so if you want to be a
youtube partner here's my advice to you
other than be patient make sure you do
an original content that's pretty
obvious but you know if you're making
stuff that everyone else is putting out
not many people are going to be
interested in it but watch your
copyrights if you don't have the rights
to use something don't use it because
it's just gonna be a hassle okay I know
that's that's really hard when it comes
to music and what not but just stick to
stuff that you create or you have the
rights to use post videos often you know
the more videos that are going out there
the more people are gonna see you and
you know don't do it don't you like
three a day or whatever but you know
like a couple of week is pretty good you
can do more than that but you know if
people are like seeing you pop up in the
subscription box like all the time
they're gonna be like dude this guy's
got a freakin go so just keep at it keep
yourself motivated always you know no
matter what just keep on going ok just
like all things in life if you just keep
yourself keep pushing yourself setting
goals and going at it something's going
to work out for you so that's it thank
you guys once again I'm going to keep
doing what I'm doing you got skits
skating freakin basically any randomness
the pop some of my life that I think is
worth watching so stay tuned for the
next chapter of my youtube channel um
and yeah there's bloopers the end of
this because I screwed this up 500
million times tonight and with that said
subscribe or die I don't I don't I don't
actually mean that you guys can live but
subscribe or freakin else bye
three grand like I just bought it and uh
a frigate or raw oyster man whoa talk
about ATT what the heck made me do that
I've exs stop connected to come on
community Shh start over stop connecting
can what can't freakin talk stop this is
like a freakin limericks it's one of
those things stopped connecting my
computer Connecticut stop connected my
computer Connecticut say that eight
times fast why don't you what's up guys
this this because both of my V exes
stopped connecting to them about say it
is then keep at it something's gonna
happen for you so that is mice that is
mice that is not mice this camera Roxton
I can get like web I'm only like a
couple inches away from the lens right
now you can just see my whole face and I
know that's that's bad but I'm just and
I'm like right I'm with you right now
I'm hanging out like I'm right next to
your computer screen like what's up man
pass me a mountain Dew thank you and for
whatever reason it comes on the other
side really tiny so like having 18 more
of these
