hello guys and welcome to my update
video and you know what I know what
you're thinking right now and the answer
is yes I can do magic watch this huh so
that freakin what is this oh I'm uh I'm
Harry Potter that's what that means okay
but for real this is an update video and
if you're not trying to follow my
channel don't watch it because I mean
then you probably know who i am and
you'd be like well who's this guy
talking i don't care what he has to say
so that said i'm going to go to my first
segment of this update video last update
video i told you guys to comment leaving
a topic you want me to talk about and i
picked one of those topics and this
week's topic not to said we're topping
too much but is from NJ x jeff and he
says talk about if skating is really
worth it if you're not all too good and
have other career choices in mind is it
worth hurting yourself over in the end
what is the beauty of skateboarding to
you and you know what NJ X Jeff that's
that's a pretty decent question that's
why I picked it ok and that's easy ok it
doesn't even have to do a skateboarding
really if you if you have a passion or
love for anything then yes I think it's
worth skating in this case if you know
you don't have to jump down 20 stair
handrails to have fun skating so if you
want to go into a career where like your
body is good if you you know you can't
really do that career if you hate
yourself skating then don't you know
don't skate huge stuff i mean i know
here and there you're going to you know
you might turn your ankle skateboarding
but you can turn your ankle walking you
know you're always going to have run the
risk no matter what you do of hurting
yourself so really i can't see that any
any career you do like skating would get
in the way of that you know if you love
something enough you can do that on the
side as a hobby like you know there's
plenty of things that I'm not good at
that I'm gonna do till the day I die um
but you know i have i've always had this
like idea at life you know like i like i
don't even I'm missing the word right
now but you just you guys get me on this
okay I always had you know the attitude
that you know live for what you love
because in the end nothing else is going
to matter you know you're not going to
be like you're not going to be like 60
years old and be like man I frickin so
glad i were to that coffee shop for 18
years hating every day of it you know
you're going to be like be like hey dude
i frickin made a fool myself on internet
skating and having fun you know like
whatever and that's not to say that
you have to be unsuccessful have fun or
ever because you know I'm trying to be
successful doing what I do but you know
live for what you love and really live
for what you love what is I'm saying so
if you really care about something don't
let any career stop you you know you can
always do it to some level on the side
of what you're doing for real I just
confused the whole entire world brother
okay last video we had a shout out
contest for you guys sloppy a
skateboarding trick and you know what
not a lot of you guys entered and the
ones that did a lot of them weren't even
that sloppy like I wanted to see
somebody like three public 8 stare and
just like like touch the ground and do
everything crazy but there was one that
really like made me laugh and it wasn't
like it was sloppy but it was like stop
in a different way so I'm just going to
stop talking you guys are gonna watch
this clip I really wanted someone just
to come up from behind I like push him
onto the ramp but I don't know I thought
was funny like in my own little weird
sense of humor I was I was laughing when
I watch it so check his channel out this
is elastic 1337 um yeah so check us out
check his channel out and subscribe or
wash the dishes that I just made that up
I'm gonna stop now but if you want to
win a shout out for your channel post a
video response to this video of the best
fall you can finding me off skateboard
and beyond a skateboarder be on a bike
could be on african band I don't care
just I think it's like completely not
your content i'm not going to use it and
only one video please and make it just
that clip so with that said let me see
false and it's going to be funny and i'm
gonna laugh and then if i pick yours
you're gonna get a video shout out and
i'm talking a lot so next part of the
video i just stuttered oh hey look
what's on my desk right here freakin
boom can you guys see that yes you can
this is thus gain revenge stickers they
came in and I'm pretty psyched and this
right here is the graphic that's going
to be on the shirt except the revenge
right there is going to be red so I'm
pretty psyched about that and look I can
talk like hey guys these stickers are
pretty freaking awesome so that's pretty
much it for this video it's been warmer
and I've been skating when I can and
it's been amazing I've been skating
outside and actually just for kicks here
is a clip of me try to keep him some
dulcet at the end of a day I was tired I
was going to crap kicked out of me so
watch this it's it's additionally in the
sniper mode that's like the ones I my
whole life I didn't know what to say
there's sometimes we need a good mystery
novel you have to go to the freaking
last page because you can't wait to see
what happens so don't don't let that
fish I for you because that double set
really isn't that big it has like a
bunch of cracks around it which kind of
sucks but I've been skating for like 7
hours that day and I just been like
completely beat and I was just falling
over every other stupid it was dumb but
that's it guys if you want to suggest a
topic for me to talk about next video
leave it in the comments below and you
guys can get fun with it if you hack if
you need some like advice on something
send that my way and I'll talking you
know I might pick it to talk about next
video and if its private you can go
ahead and message me in a private
message yeah oh and since the warm
weathers here in Cincinnati that means
more skits more pranks and more skating
so make sure you subscribe if you want
to see this and you know what I'm gonna
you know what I'm gonna do it for us my
night I'm gonna go play final fantasy 13
yeah that's right I'm not much of a dork
it's all on oh yeah subscribe or die
what's up guys some here doing up to a
video but instead i'm just going to
scratch my thumb and film it this video
is when you want you to scratch wanting
to scratch that i'm sitting here trying
to talk to the live internet and you're
scratching you a little scratch post we
don't we don't need that you guys hear
that all you're both playing that's
adorable and cute let's all just not
care that the cats are interrupting me
really the answer that is easy k if you
love skateboarding I don't think you
should not skateboard what's the freaky
question gosh but if you want a bit if
you wouldn't know about that and look I
can talk like hey guys these stickers
are pretty freaking awesome oh hey
actually just so you guys can see this
look it's a freakin frog hi how are you
oh hey hey Andy's new to you yeah that's
right i just called you an idiot numb
your freaking hands by that subscriber
dan crab is stupid
