you may be wondering why I'm holding an
octopus work right now and the answer is
I have no idea I guess the better
question is why i have an octopus sport
to begin with I'm just kidding I mean
everybody eats their meals with an
octopus pork alright so the cold weather
is hopefully gone for good and that
means more skate footage and uh you know
what and just because this is a great
occasion you know spring coming at all
I'm gonna hand out octopus forks to
everyone okay okay I'm just kidding you
know what I'm gonna do with this I just
care a cat
okay it's like some ridiculous as a
dinosaur on it which is awesome
dinosaurs are great and it has a little
guy to stand on it but you know I didn't
even notice that the guy looks like me
with freaking pads and helmets and stuff
on then you know what I'm gonna do with
him I landed on a shelf perfectly how
disappointing is that all right ah
goodbye
