do-do-do-do-do-do-do to do two februari
contest dude dude dude all right I'll
grooviness aside though this video is to
announce the winners of the februari
contest i asked you guys to submit your
funniest video and only 52 of you guys
submitted but whatever that made it
easier for me to go through and I picked
three winners and that's what I'm going
to do I'm going to freaking tell you
guys the winners but there's actually
like a little bonus screw around clip at
the end so if you want to be entertained
a little bit stay tuned and watch that
watch the mystery clip onward okay all
the videos that one will be linked at
the end of the video and on the side
here so make sure you check them out
after you watch this ridiculousness but
the first runner-up prize was boom blox
more than 10 dohui and don't let the
cartoon ridiculous blowing up graphic
thing here for you this is action
amazing game the multiplier is fantastic
and it's produced by Steven Spielberg so
you know it's you know it's good right
everything by Steven Spielberg is good
so uh rock on yeah alright the winner of
this is digital done Mason skating um he
had a funny clip of his coworker riding
a bike off a loading dock and it didn't
it didn't happen he like fell right on
his face it was really funny and who
doesn't like seeing other people fall
but the guys are right so it's not like
sad funny like oh I shouldn't laugh he
just freakin died like know the guys are
right and it's hilarious go watch the
clip sometime and congratulations Mason
skating alright so the second runner-up
was supposed to win Ghostbusters for the
ps3 but neither of the runner up dudes
winners uh had ps3 so you know what you
guys aren't one of that I'm gonna get in
contact for the next person and I'm
gonna get a get them a game they don't
have for either the wii or xbox 360
other years i don't know either way hey
guys this is the freakin second runner
up YouTube sucks one two three
congratulations he had a really really
funny video of it like him and his
friends put just like a frog on one of
their friends head and the guy like
completely flips out like it's got some
cursing in it so you guys don't see
cursing don't watch it but it's pretty
darn funny watch that end
congratulations YouTube sucks i will
message you and
you will get a game that works for a
system you have yeah let's keep going
hey ok so the grand prize a sixty-dollar
gamestop gift card to get whatever video
game you want goes to a channel who
completely deserves it and without
further ado I'm gonna make this long and
dramatic and I'm gonna talk you know
what just so you guys know I ate some
moe's for lunch today oh wait you guys
don't care about that you want here the
grand prize winner all right it is is
that a banana product all right I don't
even know where to begin about this
video they actually messaged me they
said they worked on it all month um it's
a modern warfare 2 spoof rap video um to
like one of Eminem's beats and it's it's
like it has references to my videos it's
about video games like it was everything
I was looking for to win this contest
they did an amazing job on it go check
them out to check their entire channel
out and I hope you guys enjoy I'm see I
wish I could give you guys all like it
because I know it's like a group of
dudes friends I wish I could give you
guys all gift cards but i am not that
rich yet so i hope you guys can make use
of sixty dollars of gamestop alright so
everyone did a good job like thank you
guys who all enter the contest make sure
you guys check the links at the end of
the video to watch the videos that one
um and actually I'm not gonna put it on
the side cuz I thought about and so we
can just want like click the video and
just look over in the info to see the
winter so I'm not yeah you guys didn't
get me screw you because I'm just
kidding don't don't screw you but I'm
just saying I I'm freaking thought
didn't I alright so without further ado
here's that mystery club this is me
trying to wake up my friend like this
kid sleeps through everything and here's
me trying to wake them up and then the
end of the video and then be some
bloopers because i suck at doing this so
taking these guys i'll be back to update
videos next week BAM oh wait you just
thought i was i was gonna say anything
no I'm not gonna say I what's up guys
i'm at my friend kyle's house and his
brother is sleeping here on the couch
okay and we walked in and started
yelling at him he doesn't wake up so I
grabbed Kyle's
camera and I'm going to try to wake him
up I'm gonna sing to him in his ear
right now Oh Tyler what are you doing on
the couch today you sleeping naked oh
yeah yes you are oh nothing any any
freaking request guys oops Tyler did it
again he slept in his boxers with no
shirt on I mean there's honestly there's
nothing to get ahead over something
Tyler those boy bodies are on top of
your naked look you around you too good
oh boy I think you better like stop that
part right now my spit on my mouth nope
good that's in there look I'm touching
your nipples with a huge finger okay you
don't have to do that say subscribe or
die subscribe or die
hello guys before I even start this
video I'm gonna take off my work shoes
goodbye that's just hit the kitty litter
box work number two this isn't work I
can't do anything right sometimes okay
facebook hold on five seconds back to
the camera I have nothing to say start
over oh wow I just recorded that you on
okay so the second runner-up prize
runner-up winner up what the heck did I
just say man I'm yawning a lot jeez you
guys are five fall asleep watching me
someone some guys that I gave it away
already that minute I just know what if
I was that dumb all the time I'd
probably not be my friend am I my old
friend can you can you do that yeah gosh
stop yawning I told you guys all of you
every single freaking one of you and you
didn't come through 52 responses man
maybe I just had this face all time
they're like I was just stuck like you
know i SAT too close to the TV my mom
was right like you're facing a get stuck
that way of course I've have problems if
up I what I watch TV with his face
