all right so you guys are like come on
ad poster skate videos and this is this
is what a freaking dealing with here in
Cincinnati like look look at this snow
everywhere just everywhere across the
park but hey I'm here and it's 20
degrees out and I'm gonna skateboard
show you guys
chase you are only 12 years old what do
you have to say for yourself
alright guys as soon as the warmer
weather hits I'm gonna have some better
footage for you but until then Fred and
that's all I gotta say is sweat but hey
you know on a side note I found
something pretty cool if you any of you
guys are going to be more responsible
with your life
you should put a pair of glasses on whoa
look at me I'm UPS like do my taxes or
go donate some money somewhere
yeah but subscribe or die no see I'm
responsible now that's just to mean
subscribe or you're not getting any
dessert tonight that was stupid
