so everybody knows those videos that
people rap or sing their order up to the
drive-through I'm gonna change that up
right now and I'm gonna make this as
short and stupid as I can
let's see how it goes yeah I'm here at
Taco Bell what do i do I need a taco
what a taco what one one taco once I
that's it I
alright thanks but a little what he just
said super day so that was gay dude I
hit it I hit it good man I hit all my
there you go thanks I'm just kind of
intriguing record deal thanks bud hey
easy buddy round 2 of food I don't want
it to top that one off the guy was on
the phone like who in the world like
he's on the drive-through Taco Bell on
the phone five stars for Taco Bell whole
food super good
that was super gay alright so gran said
the song thing I did the drive-thru was
stupid but the guy's reaction priceless
and on that note I've got some big news
to tell you guys I am gonna be a father
I'm just I just made that up actually
I'm not I'm not gonna be a dad just yet
but you know there's a few people in the
world that were like oh my gosh is he's
telling us that it could be a dad rattle
here on the live internet uh-huh
subscribe or gets rude driver out peace
