what's up guys this is an update video
so if you don't want to follow my
channel don't watch this but I'm gonna
start this by just being honest with you
guys all right straight from the
beginning I'm not wearing pants right
now okay I don't want that admit to make
you hey what was that face for I just
saw that all right well here how about
this look I'm wearing shorts nice nice
job on being a pervert though okay so
most of you guys are like what happens
hair and that is a funny story and I
will talk to you right now my friends
fianc√© is a hair salon us cutter I
don't know I'm a guy I don't know what
they're called she cuts hair all right
and I come over there and I'm like hey
can you trim my hair grow fast and she
was like yeah and I'm kind of tired so
she starts cutting my hair and like my
eyes are closed i'm just gonna like ooh
and i'm like mindlessly talking to my
friend who's across the room just saying
random stuff and she'd okay go look and
i go to the mirror and I'm like how my
hair is all gone and she's like what's
wrong with that and I was like why I
just wanted to play around the years and
like back here so it's kind of funny I
end up accidentally getting a haircut
and but it looks fine and I'm once again
i'm a guy i'm not really picky and she's
good at what she does so Andrea thank
you for the axonal haircut thanks I have
no idea what this is freakin doing right
here but smashing it down all day and
it's not going anywhere it's like I'm
destined to be a triceratops I'm just
kidding they have three horns had had
for dessert extinct if you to know so
alright here's a question so many of you
guys watch the barracks yeah exactly if
you're a skateboarder you're most likely
do their recent field ops is a
documentary on creek skateboard shop and
it's kind of funny because that was my
first sponsor back when I used to visit
California a time like they helped me
out a lot Alan the guy that runs it is
great dude so go watch that and if
you're ever in Southern California go
check out crooks skate shop in riverside
haha q-tips alright so I did a quick
update on the web site the other day and
if you watch my videos consistently
there's not really reason to go there
but hey if you're bored go check out my
website so my last video I mentioned
that I was getting sick of doing these
and I didn't think I would find
interesting so i will keep doing them
but if I start getting messages like you
are so dumb stop talking and you know
all that sort of stuff
I'm gonna start doing bless so there you
go you guys better give you some
freaking lebanon these but god did I
just say that did I just say give me
some lovin what I'm going to add
something new to the update videos okay
I'm gonna have every video I might have
a topic that I talk about and discuss or
whatever and you guys are going to pick
it I'm starting right now so get down on
your keyboards down there and write
whatever topic you want me to talk about
okay and of course i will put your name
up there and said who said it so it's
kind of way to get like a mini shout out
if i pick your topic so right now it can
be anything skateboarding it can be
freaking about high school proms and can
be about you know the clouds in the sky
I don't care get on your thing and write
some cool topics and i'll pick one and
next video i'm going to be making fun of
it or doing something about it alright
so engage okay so my last shout out
contest I had a lot of video responses
to look through but there was some
really good stuff there and I'm actually
going to do to shoutouts this week the
first one is I'm not going to say what
it is I just want you to watch this clip
right now
so a lot of you guys might have already
seen stuff on the internet but if you
haven't check him out and subscribe
that's transporting online this guy is
fantastic on a freakin trampoline with a
skateboard deck and i don't i'm not even
i can talk about him for a freaking hour
but i'm not i'm just going to let you go
check out his videos and watch them for
yourself and ironically enough this next
clip is kind of similar it's a different
type of boarding but without further ado
here's the clip okay so this is skim
pure i picked this guy one because it's
really neat what he's doing with with
the skimboarding thing and he's trying
to push the sport because it's not
really i guess it's not really like
widely out there so go check his videos
out and subscribe his really great he's
doing and actually I there's a link over
here here's a photo contest and I hope
it's still going a go vote on the third
photo it's his and go do that freakin go
do that but there were so many entries
that uh and I had to do a few more so
here or a couple honorable mentions guys
hey hey
what you're feeling now now
I don't know
so far
this
alright if you want to win a shout out
for the next update video post a video
response of your sloppy a skateboarding
trick okay i'm going to pick my favorite
sloppy trick and it's going to be viewed
here on the next video and you're gonna
get a shout out so awesome dude but i'm
almost done here one thing though i need
a freaking sponsor i cannot afford to
keep paying for decks especially when it
hits when i hit street and start filming
I'm gonna need I'm gonna need something
so if you guys have any sponsor
suggestions you want to send my way I
would gladly accept but more importantly
make sure you go down and post a topic
suggestion for next video um with that
said I am gonna leave standing up
exiting the fray subscribe or die that
was a freakin kick of you to know punch
kick punch kick
hey guys what's up this is an update
video and i'm at a lot of energy when I
that idea what wait a minute okay so
most you guys were like where's hair go
and I'm like what and I'm like and I'm
like so but like that he was just on the
phone said you better speed Abby right
now boyfriend that didn't make sense I'm
just trying to talk like a valley girl
just saying whatever comes to mind bacon
so last time in my last so last time in
my last video Pruitt's speaking Andy
where's your Nobel Prize bring go boom
saying a topic alright will you chewing
on that for yeah yeah all right come on
let's come up here let's go up here you
freakin culprit huh this look you're in
front of the live internet right now you
just got caught chewing on that so what
do you have to say for yourself pologize
instead of just like trying to come up
with content that like I think you guys
might care about um I'm gonna cough
that's just it i'm gonna cough
