all right what's up guys um this is a
little different video I know but uh
I've had a girl recently and she's so
amazing
I just want I had I wrote this song for
and I just wanted the whole world to
know how much I love you Kelly
here we go Kelly your lips your touch
you're the only soul I trust no ones are
good enough for you whatever it takes
from this man Kelly all the ones from my
trees oh my gosh like the girl I'm
singing about right now is calling me
hey baby I had you guys going from the
get-go you guys completely thought that
was real good luck getting that minute
back from your life want some chocolates
like that well you know I freaking broke
something in my videos subscribe or die
your lips your touch my hand your butt
do this dude guys no one's you like this
vehicle has a pretty skating Andy or
talking or doing something goofy and
then that one girl Arkansans give like
that was a sweet song you should try to
do a real one you can't win them all you
can't win of all you can't win Amano oh
no in the video I can't talk
woo
