YouTube what's up guys so a different
type of QA this time inspired by Casey
Becker which he's not the first to do it
but when he did it we were all like we
should do that that's we would yeah he's
going to do in his channel this is what
would you rather video okay you guys
give us two options we got a pig one
almost could be good that was the
easiest way I could have some that up to
I thought you know usually I'm too wordy
a guy now what you worried no I can talk
about that we all right we're just going
to get into it okay you guys love me
some comments a couple weeks ago on my
Instagram and I'm finally getting round
of doing this so let's just load a bunch
of comments what's a Jill Brennan was
just jump into these would you rather
they're probably so many inappropriate
questions on here I hope you ask me want
to look out the gates we have X
underscore amigo underscore X and then
two devil faces but I don't know if the
devil visions are part of the name now
they're happy that'd be cool
you put a mode using your emoji screen
and something super cool all know what
made me think that all right
he asks would you rather cable back lip
Hollywood 16 or ollie El Toro
okay well one if you're asking me if I
had to try one I would rather try to
ollie El Toro
I'm directing a bed with Hollywood 16
you would rather try to kickflip back
with like as far as like bodily wise
yeah if you had to try one you would try
to take what back level two how would I
figure that about trying it I'm like
capable Kip of that liver and you're
going to die I'm up if we're looking to
try to like keep my body intact I would
just try to a loyal Toro I could stick
that and be fine but not me I would
rather land that capo back little on
Hollywood I would try that in rather
than that book you're crazy
no way let's get some money together so
you can do this no I would never I would
ever do it though right rather
anti II got Vinny says would you rather
be blind or deaf well I am hafta really
read up yeah I'd rather be deaf I'm
gonna be seeing dude that'd be
terrifying to be blind
let me horrible especially if you knew
what it was like to not be blind there
was no talking about gosh that's okay
wait skater underscore boy says would
you rather skate the Grand Canyon for a
day with Rhydon you said writer is being
frightened or Skynet for a day with them
I mean I guess guy dies because that's
what I'd rather do I have known
skydiving yeah is that you you would be
terrible kind of it I would jump right
out
but with my kid is like on terrifyingly
and my kids jumping on a plane - but
it's skiing all day of the Grand Canyon
yeah I mean I feel like that'd be
exciting is this person who proven
clearly never been duly drink in you
sock Dominic says would you rather get
pop stick over be castrated
I'd rather get popsicle popsicle yeah
it's just that happened you know that's
that's something that happens Katherine
life-changing who Lane Dockery says dark
side or light side you're going to say
dark side because you're like everyone
else in the world I'm going to say light
side dark side yeah you're Harrison LAX
says would you rather give up Star Wars
or give up skating don't start working
out you have Star Wars I love Star Wars
but Star Wars isn't like I've never like
woken up and I was like man I got a good
Star Wars workout yesterday another like
that's a thing
Chris time low since when you rather be
able to fly or teleport and
unfortunately I'm gonna take teleport
now I'm gonna go for as well because
teleport it would just make your life
easier you know flying to be more fun
and you look at imagine how Delma person
look live you just looked at me saw
Thomas like I've got the building a
flying - someone's in the air oh don't
be so super - look like your dad like
imagining your own dad flying through
the air just like all right
definitely a pose I don't know Superman
I guess I mean you I mean you can
quickly understand how dumb you look
doing certain things
oh yeah Sean McDonald McDonald's says
would you rather have a Jedi's power or
Superman's power I'm gonna say Superman
yeah remember there's there's no like
jet I feel like you have to be like you
have to like be on top of your mind
and certain man just has those powers if
you know do anything like sir ministers
like I'm going to do this like I think
I'm going to concentrate and move this
you know yeah the shoeshine 90 says
would you rather have a lightsaber or
flying skateboard these a lot of Star
Wars questions I'm gonna say it's
lightsaber I'm not appliance keyword I
don't make it eventually like light
Elliot got escape applying keyboard will
happen a lightsaber will not
I didn't both can have them yeah well
hopefully it'd be like I did my ten year
old self would speed the happiest in the
world to see a lightsaber and I would go
nowhere near you know danger
I'm very good I wouldn't even like I
would like literally if I would have no
do one one swing turns off and I can
double that forever
moles mirror says would you rather eat a
bee or a bone I'm gonna say B there's a
chance some kind of bone it doesn't
matter
I mean I don't know that that sucks
that would suck either way it gonna be
your mouth you might die if you ate a
bee and it's done you in your throat no
I don't know I guess it'd be just chewed
up really good a little depends on the
bone like I'm eatin fish before the
Fargo building
oh yeah I didn't smell you're right boom
a B or a bone here's another one you
know terrifying see Philip seven says
would you rather skydive into a tornado
or jump into a world I'm going to say
tornado tornado a whirlpool we're saying
those like snowflakes with like visit
the depth of nothing do you die you
don't go word where you'll know where
you go and you don't know verifying
lookup like Nature Made whirlpools and
muscaria living thing in the world I
would I would you just walk away from
the lake I mean look at it
you're queen ash says fight one hundred
duck-sized horses or one horse-sized
duck what Doug I would fight the hundred
horses absolutely mommy's kickin that
night one I don't know a jock would
screw you all I'm superwoman and does it
feel so bad kicking a bunch of little
for I would be just continual were
severe of it poppin on poor guys so I
mean if you're fighting them they're
probably jerks to begin with which is a
great one
Braden hag says would you rather skate
or die I'll go skate okay this is
terrible Brian you probably worse might
Ethan says would you rather pee out a
golf ball or prove that a basketball she
got a golf ball you're done you're
getting your I guess I guess lose the
weiners that you know yeah hit the golf
ball yeah I've really proved on a bench
I'll kill you the golfy alternative to
know the golf ball just windage to take
your wiener away for life and that's
fine I'd rather die than go you're that
wiener pain you trying to pass out I
don't think it's potting both of them
with you guys yeah you die both ways
would you rather sell your cover your
quit skateboarding sell my company
Salman Khan we skate we are
skateboarders
that's for sure start another company
well yeah then you sell really revives
there you go our back from the dead
would you rather discover aliens or
monsters 8 million aliens probably nice
well they have a greater chance of a
nice I can't wait to be an alien we
might have already responsible season
could be an alien in box gosh I murdered
it but even if I said it right it
wouldn't it sounded good was good in
both connect netball cash whatever
would you rather ride scooters or BMX
BMX any day
it's tutoring and I don't see why it
bothers online that anyone has any sort
of issue with like if someone scooters
great if that makes you happy that's
fine I don't have any problem with
whatever people do but scooter and
generally does not look like it be fun
did no it looks like too dainty like I
feel like you're like this I agree
biking at least you have some life feel
to it I wrote a bike yeah I mean I did I
would take a BMX out on be smart a bunny
hopped a bunch of gaps I don't do that
my I risk I really like virtual one day
yeah well I wasn't like I'm gonna start
being a housing I'm just gonna go ride
my bike I was like 16 would you rather
lick your wheel every trick you land or
scratch your teeth and a great cake asks
hoodie two shells look my wheel with my
way on a day yeah you'd built your muse
to will get real you need a raccoon you
be a district garbage disposal real soon
you've got so much germs in your body
like our I got this eventually mr. Wu
call Pappa Lodge Coby Pablo edge is what
it really says would you rather be an
actor in a Star Wars movie or still old
revived like an actor in a stars really
I don't know like would I give up I
would probably I wouldn't want I'd
probably keep revived and not be an
actor in it because I feel like that
would be the dumbest way to ever into a
Star Wars movie like Oh sacrifice
something you love like you're not dumb
yeah I'm agree with it I would love to
be in a Star Wars movie agree Johnny
seven seven four would you rather quit
YouTube or quiz skating you too easy
quit YouTube that's a second okay
tomorrow yeah I love making videos I
genuinely love making videos but I mean
skateboarding is like a part of me and I
would still be me without YouTube AAA
underscore macho says would you rather
push Mongo or mall grab small grab I
don't remember why why anyone thinks
why anyone judges another favor because
how their holder board is beyond me it's
very comfortable it's sure it's
comfortable but it's like little like
skateboarding lower like where that
marriage ship materialistic we're we
judging on how they hold their board
like that's like the cool kids laughing
at your shirt at school like my gosh
that's a really dumb content to me you
can hold your board you can spin it and
on your finger like that and I get
careless I'll be eight impressive it
would be very pro you know just like
bounce on your head the whole time I
don't care what you do I could care less
how you get your skateboard from the car
to the skate park now you care less you
Chris
Marrero one all right it's just a
no-brainer would you rather be in the
Transformers early Avengers Avengers
yeah Avengers
I would like actively the Transformers
offer me a role I would probably turn it
down and I really want to get into
acting what I don't know because
transformers it was like transformers
one two and three maybe but the new ones
I'm just like now I want to like support
you guys making these movies anymore I
mean they're primary but hating too much
they're just like they're like really
there's something else
Serperior would you rather be eaten or
by sharks or quit skating I'll quit
skating I'd want to continue living yeah
even though believe my shortens this
study a really cool way to go down very
epic way to go I go how many died like
he got bit by a shark or he got eaten by
a shark wait I already know what that's
I'm not that gonna be dead now I was
cool way to go would you rather play
skate with God or the devil I feel like
any played skate with God it's part of
really good it would be like you know
what I'm not bummed that I lost I feel
like he would make me feel the devil
basically a jerk but I could do a lot of
pop shove-its I feel like the devil all
the devil is new Worx Church the world
on it'd be the worst but brilliant is
scary at all
wow you've gotten better over the years
Bry names alright two more two more okay
well I can't I can't ask this wish I do
it profitable profits dot Abel says we'd
rather stomp on a puppy or punched in
favor of the notes hard you can and I
would have to break Sam straight I would
punch Sam so I think he would understand
if that would be real I mean like it we
might like disfigure his face I'm so
that's fun to think about I would I
could I look it'd be really hard to get
myself to stomp on a puppy I couldn't
some lumpy but I could
I could punch the corrupt of San Pedro
now I would never want to punch
sandpaper especially that hard on
kitties we love you dude
we love the puppy - wait what okay this
guy did not mean this I have Spotify
Premium now so when you rather get a
chocolate egg or an alienware stick a
chocolate egg because alien wears a
computer company I think they mean Alien
Workshop and I would go to workshop just
because Ohio local yeah something like
those guys yeah here's a good last one
charlie
GE Reynolds 17 says would you ret that's
not what - dude sorry well they no
answer his would rather be eaten alive
or cooked alive I'd rather be that is
terrifying I get eaten alive like it's
cooked well cooked is like I don't know
you can just get done into water and
then die you die faster cooking I'm sure
it would sucks and then then be eaten
you're right it might go faster you cook
blood all right well they eat firstly
this is one bad first a Steve 6:18 says
would you rather scream everything or
whisper everything I'd rather scream
everything I'd be the most annoying
person real quick oh gosh I'd rather
whisper everything that'd be so annoying
to talk to that person I know I'm anyway
what the Melton company I would just
scream you to whisper be terrible all
right you guys liked this idea give this
video a thumbs up and I'll do more I'll
do with different people - and then I'm
doing different locations it's raining
outside we all know you're the rocks man
that have been fun but thank you guys
for watching I will be back tomorrow
with most likely we want revenge that's
that's the plan that would be a man
finally we're coming back - we are
avenged and can be a fun one so thank
you either way videos all the time a
good to the bye guys don't whisper
goodbye
it's just my wiener right now is just my
wiener right now yeah heroin
you
