what's up guys uh this is an odd day all
right let me let me splain some real
fast uh I've come down with a told which
is kind of like a cold but it has some
Tourette's mixed in with it uh so I
apologize bear with me but speaking of
sicknesses real fast I've been ripped
off okay like three or four weeks ago I
was sick like I had like some sort of a
flu thing real fast but my voice and my
throat it hasn't been the same since I
got like little sore throats like my
voice deteriorate so I talk too much and
i served tables at nights you know like
five nights a week so I'm talking early
good i get em la night night night night
like that's how afraid to talk to the
people it's like they're like whoa I
this why is this guy serving me food I
don't know somos you guys are
skateboarders that watch me and I got to
say I am completely over skating the
skatepark guys skate every week like I
went there last night and I was just
like brain numb I didn't like didn't
want I wasn't motivated trying to think
that's like there was nothing piquing my
interest I was like dude I need to
freakin get out of this place it's like
school it's like it's like oh gosh i'm
going to the skate park i'm so ready for
spring it's not even funny wow i'm off
to it like a complaining starter you
know what and i'm not i'm not that type
person i'm not gonna not gonna get my
vlogs just to your dumb crap sucking in
my life so on that note let's cheer
things up a little bit
safe speeds ow and if you got shared up
after watching that you need to go watch
like reading wrap up the world of skate
revenge is going good I just sort of
stickers to promote the video so when I
receive those if you guys can find me in
real life ask me for some stickers um
what am I saying know where I and I'm
ordering shirts from the next like two
or three months and when I get those in
I will do like a monthly contest to give
a bunch of them away two guys and of
course you go to buy them online here so
look out for that yeah you just wasted
your time watching me put on chapstick
alright so i did a shout out contest
last update video and only two people
entered it so everybody else you guys
suck and you should entered it i'm just
kidding guys don't suck but um i'm gonna
just give a shout out to both these
dudes go check out their channel the
pretty goofy and like them and subscribe
to them and stuff doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo what did I just do
that but but to those of you who want to
win a shout out this next one's really
easy okay I'm dumbed it down for you
guys okay post any video as a video
response to this video and I can be
funny it could be great skating to be
weird whatever post it and i'll pick a
clip that like either amazes me or it
makes me laugh to death or whatever and
i'll pick it and the winner gets a shout
out in the next update video i do um you
know many will enter one will win make
sure you read the sweepstakes somewhere
somewhere i'm gonna want to stop talking
cut speaking of contest though I I gave
away a debt class last month and my
buddy jack Baltimore Ravens is doing a
cadet giveaway this month so go check
him out and find his video impressive I
think it was a contest time um and it's
like this the same deal as mine was just
like upload a montage with you skating
or whatever so check him out and go win
a deck guys and one last thing I want to
say before I wrap this thing up is that
a few you guys like will I message me or
leave comments like okay I'm gonna try
to get you subscribers remember to
promote you and I just wanna to everyone
who has said to me or help me out at all
thank you very much i really appreciate
that guys like you know make anything to
freaking keep me going on the chain here
rocks and i appreciate it um so on that
note i I'm gonna say thank you one more
time actually know what no forget that
I'm just saying I'm gonna say thank you
twice thank you thank you oh boy I'm not
see this is like this has to be the
dumbest update video I've done in a
while I'm not I'm not feeling this in
fact I think I'm gonna really cut back
on my talking videos unless their skits
so but anyway videos to come guys I've
got a I've got a skid coming at the
beginning of next week and I'll try to
get another schema do do you guys I
promise if I can get to the skate park
and whatnot if the snow would stop but
um rock on yeah so look out for those
two next week and oh here's a question
since I'm doing all this monthly contest
you know I kind of aim them towards
skateboarders and guys um how many of
you watchers are freaking girls so get
to under your keyboard if your girl and
be like hey I'm a freaking girl and you
know cuz that's how all girls sound
right but that's it I'm done this was a
dumb video forgive me this was this was
a stupid video in fact if yeah if you
guys want me to keep doing these videos
freaking bag down there because I'm not
feeling so much anymore but of course
I'll do one since a shout out video but
um whatever i'm gonna stop rambling on
subscribe or die
was sick like three weeks ago maybe even
four weeks ago and go let's just sound
like a go maybe before weeks ago and let
you call yourself freaking video maker I
should I don't call myself that Sean
don't argue perfect the world is great
it's great the room scritti straight is
creating peace what's all you guys who
want to get a shout out that's next one
easy that's next one easy this next one
this I can't even talk it'll make it fun
of myself myself oh my i'm gonna i'm
done
