hey guys what's up I was stretching and
my back cramped up and I got stuck like
this so I'm gonna film the end of the
video exactly like this kidding
alright guys what's up um Cincinnati's
getting snowed on every single day out
there and it sucks I'm not I can barely
get the skatepark and I'm definitely I'm
gonna be skating Street in time soon so
I was like you know what I should get on
the computer find some clips that I've
never shown you guys and that's what I
did
I found like some new clips some clips
that I'm just they weren't good enough
to show you guys before and now it's
like the bottom of the barrel I mean
like that's why I call it a compost
footage because it's it's like less than
throwaway it's like nobody wants to see
it and so that was that's what that was
and if you see compost footage and where
else on YouTube you'd be like dude Andy
Scott made that up cuz I totally did i
frickin I invented that phrase right
here right now and that calls for CD
thrown subscribe or die
