all right what's up guys this is the
start of a video in my 2,000 subscribers
video you guys asked most questions and
I'm here to answer them right now before
I even start this warning my voice is
like deteriorating so by the end of this
and probably the sound like Darth
Vader's nephew and for whatever reason
the audio like camera into computer
audio is uh is being really funky so if
something glitches I apologize
with that said let's freakin do this
good question um I go by Andy no one
really calls me Andrew at all in real
life I started this channel for my
writing originally so when I got my
books published it's gonna be under
Andrew Schrock and this channel was
supposed to be just my writing and I
decided to do things differently and
Here I am stuck with Andrew schrock
freaking go figure
I'm not telling I'm not telling ya that
is a good question but I'd never make
that choice nail clippers yeah
I should have two kittens they're
brother and sister this is Dobby and
this is Winky this one hates ak-47s
all right I think this is my favorite
question asked so thank you Matt and the
answer is no to be gifted to be a good
skateboarder the way I see it there are
two types of skateboarders there's
talented skateboarders and there's
stubborn skateboarders and everyone has
seen the talented skateboarders they
just gather the car and they're landed
like everything first ride it's all
happy and great and then there's people
like me stubborn skateboarders that have
days where they just can't land anything
and then to land some tricks that you
have to keep going and going and going
and going until I finally end it so you
know if you don't have the natural
talent if you push yourself hard enough
you're going to get better no matter
what and if you just keep trying bigger
things you're going to land some things
you didn't think you were able to so if
you're not talented be friggin stubborn
no I do not personally know Nick Mullens
but um it's kind of funny because after
the incident took place and everyone
started hearing his story I was on
MySpace and I said I was friends and
then I was like I didn't add him cuz I
really add people on myspace so um I
thought about you know that means that
he must have added me before everything
started happening maybe he saw my
footage online or something
my friend but my photographer friend has
I went out with him he shot him he has
some pictures of him I think but he went
out shooting with him so he knows him I
don't but you know I've been supporting
you up obviously I've been keeping up
with with all that's going on and as we
all should wish him a speedy recovery on
this oh my gosh I'm starting to freaking
sound like Darth Vader's nephew now this
sucks
but I'm gonna keep it all for you guys
I actually have two V X's one is filming
this right now and the other one is
right here and if you can get here
within five seconds to claim it it's all
yours bud Oh - freakin late dude
hahahaha
I wish I could make a skate video every
day I wish I could just skate every day
actually but I have a lot of bills every
month and I'm working all the time with
that and the snow that we keep getting
in Cincinnati I'm lucky if I can skate
more than once a week it's really bad so
maybe if things change I can make more
skate videos but for right now I'm doing
the best I can guys I promise
oh geez I do a lot for money actually uh
first I'm a freelance videographer here
and here and just because I know you
guys are going to ask this is a sony HDR
FX 1000 which I do for my bigger jobs
and then I have two sony VX 2100 s which
I use for skating and just other crap
and then I work part-time for a tutoring
in your home company I do like little
like errands for them and like I don't
want to describe it and then I serve an
Olive Garden to about five nights a week
so I'm very very busy with with all that
and YouTube like and skating I have my
hands full at all times and it's chaotic
and I still have struggle with money I
do this this this and I am broke
as weird as I am a lot of you people
probably think I'm on drugs half the
time but you couldn't be far from the
truth I've actually never done anything
and when I say anything I mean anything
I've never been drunk
I've never inhale anything I've never
done any drug and well maybe that is why
I'm weird but no I don't collect me
straightedge or anything I just you know
over the years I've seen a lot of bad
things I've lost some friends so I've
just chosen not to do those things and I
guess that's it
there's the shocker for you guys like
whoa but it's funny cuz if you go to
some my videos be like ah you must have
been so stoned man it's like no it
wasn't I'm just goofy as all heck dude
alright it's freakin storytimes down the
best day of skating my life was in LA um
we went straight to Holloman high school
and I was warming up on the 12 stair I
was doing board slides on it and about
second try I broke my kingpin so I'd
we'd walk back to the car and which was
really annoying I put on like an old
truck real fast and I went back and I
bought slit-like right away and I was
like dude I won't do a 50/50 I never I
never fitted fitted like a you know big
round handle before I'd done like tens
at most but twelves a little bit bigger
so I ended up landing it fourth try
which is really good for me I mean I'll
use my hands but like I'm freaking I
didn't care I was just psyched on it so
that I want to try the 16 and at the
time I won two front board it cuz I was
a lot more comfortable front boards and
backside boardslides
but the thing was just like massive to
me that I went with a board side cuz it
was less scary I guess I don't know but
I was doing the boardslide I broke my
board like third try I landed on funny
so I'd walk back to the car again and
then I went back after putting a board
together and like eight tries later I
rolled away from it it was like well I
was trying it was a horrifying every
time like a panic hit in my chest but
when I landed it I was like one of the
best feelings I've ever had in my life
like I just like energy like filled me
like it was crazy it was nuts but it
didn't stop there we went over to
Beverly Hills High and I nailed a line
like a three flip on the five and then
just like a back fifty-fifty on the nine
but um it was like it was I was just
started skating rails and it was really
big for me back then I was like it was
just bam bam bam back to back and it was
really fun so um what's cool was that I
have footage of all those tricks and I'm
gonna show it I'm gonna roll it watch it
okay but I'm done I'm sorry I didn't
answer your question I'm gonna go
through the comments so I answer a
couple more but uh I was gonna have a
skate video for you later this week but
oh it is snowing actually right now in
Cincinnati and my friends Alex and Wes
bailed on me because they're not man
enough to drive out in the snow like me
but so that sucks I'll try to come with
something slightly biscuit or I'll even
though but stay stay tuned I'll have
something for you
cuz this video I wasn't feeling it I
don't know if it's entertaining or not
but um I got a call hold on oh there's
just one more thing once again you guys
didn't listen and you asked me over and
over again why I wear red shirts so I
give up here it is
and
are you doing
sometimes you got to do what really
ever since
I got stabbed the leg destroy
so there you go you guys know my freakin
darkest secret subscribe or die
