okay video pause the clip you just saw
was West doing a really really good
three flip he didn't like right away but
the camera guy had never filmed anything
before he was just something like he was
just our friend like we handed macam
ride he didn't know I had a freakin
focus the camera so he messed it up
things happen right let's see if Wes can
land it again oh dude
okay video pause number two I do know
how to use a camera and I'm standing
there spinning around in circles filming
my face not thinking about how the
cameras on auto focus for whatever
reason and it goes out of focus again
and it misses the three flip again I am
an idiot let's see if Wes can land it
again
I think Steven Spielberg just it hit
inhabited my body and film that that was
dude that was like touching I felt like
Susan summers on the front of the
Titanic all right let's see what let's
see what West's got for us here yes boom
boom boom
that's a nice rock
that cow no oh just asking do you like
do you mean to do that so I want you
guys just to take a second and think
about what you learned from this video
I'm just kidding if any you guys
actually tried to think but what you
learn from this video shame on you
because this is not school this is
entertainment on YouTube all right
subscribe or die I'm out nail clippers
why doesn't even know me up moosh moosh
you hear it all would me
