all right February contest time guys
last month I was a skateboarding contest
so this month I wanted to do something
that anyone could enter so I decided to
give away video games because everybody
likes video games right you like video
games yeah see even girls like video
games all right runner-up prize one it
is a game for the Wii hand Boom Blox it
is an amazing game by yourself or even
more so multiplayer fantastic game have
you been played it and you win this
smile because you could have fun
I just abused your product all right
next one arm prize is a game for the
PlayStation 3 hand to ghostbusters I
don't even need to say anything about
this because Ghostbusters Rock and now
you're wondering like well what about
what is the list of the Nuba and if you
actually don't have to speak my language
that meant what the heck is the real
prize the real prize is whatever you
want it to be and three come on hand
this to me right now umm a six dollar
gift card game stop you guys can go buy
any game you want you might have some
pay some tax but deal with it and now
you're sending your computer like well
how the darn do I win this Andy first
off you have to be a subscriber so if
you're not anyone to enter this make
sure you find that yellow magic button
let's just subscribe and click it
second here's what you got to do you
have to get your funniest video clip
okay it can be about whatever any funny
moment in your life
upload it as a video response I'm gonna
give you some some tips though if it's
video game related that's gonna impress
me more because this is a video game
contest and if you went out and got a
funny clip especially for me that's
gonna up your chances too but you know
in general it could be anything as long
it is your content it could be with your
friends as long as you're in it but if I
have any doubt that it's your not your
video I'm not gonna use it I'm gonna
disregard it and please only one entry
per channel I'm not gonna sit there and
sort through and mine things so if you
see you've uploaded a lot of entries I'm
gonna say I'm sorry but you freakin
broke the rules
so you got till the end of the month to
do this when the clock flips over to
March the contest is over and I'm going
to cut MIDI responses I'll announce the
winners sometimes in the first week of
February and I rode forward to watching
all you guys as entries if you're under
18 make sure your parents know you're
entering this
other than that I don't really got I
don't know what say but um good luck
guys I can't wait see here's your stuff
I can't wait to give you guys like a
hundred dollars and some worth of stuff
stuff so I know all of you guys are
gonna be like who the heck is that girl
why is she in your video and this is
actually my housemaid this is Roberta um
she's good at what she does except my
room's kind of messy so she's slacking
but rockin hope you guys enter subscribe
or die
no don't you say subscribe or die how
would you say it subscribe or die
you just mocked me because that's not
exactly the upside how you'd say it
subscriber died subscribe or die because
life is great they're walk-in exam no I
said to look over there
hey guys how are you we're gonna be oh I
swear we go I'm gonna have call outtakes
call bloopers for like next month
Bradley not only do I have a human's
human process today I have a puppy prop
this is the cool one
this is the dumbest thing I've thrown my
life get away huh you guys watch out you
guys are probably get sick just from
watching me ah elbow this is
