hey Dad
how it is 630 2 a.m. and I haven't been
sleeping i'm not really tired at all but
yeah brian is sleeping and i'm going to
go see his reaction i'm gonna bring the
camera with me i'm gonna see his
reaction when i wake him up I'm just
gonna wake him up not hit him right I'm
just gonna wake him up
hey Romeo wake up at eleven riding
mm-hmm once it's 630 ok yeah 630 now
it's not seven so you want me to wake
you up at seven-thirty yeah why last
year we go so during us 63 why he want
to get up at seven thirty day one we
give 11 haha i got sure if I heard
everything created but that made no
sense at all and I'm gonna go load it on
the computer now I am no longer making
YouTube videos I am a ninja now I'm just
gonna I'm gonna keep hey coffee gosh all
right I'm just kidding though I'm gonna
make youtube videos I just fold all of
you guys um and don't even say anything
about the red shirts the beginning the
video cuz know you a book tolu your
closet it's all red you really do we red
shirts yeah I freaking do subscribe or
die
let there be light York fight sock fight
