what the heck about doing up here of
course is a pretty cat at my feet who's
always kittens and crapped my video your
Jesus door what's spin around cat oh
yeah that's when you jump off real fast
huh this is pretty good balancing act
this is why whoa whoa pretty good this
this is why i'ma skateboarder it'd be
like whoo all right yeah damn for it
myself okay so just watch that and I'm
pretty sure that was the stupidest
interim ever filmed and the better
question is why am I wearing these
shorts I don't know ok guys so the only
purpose this update video serves is to
keep the shoutout contest going and
announced the January contest winner
which I know you guys are itching to
find out who won because the second the
contest ended everybody was commenting
me and messaging me like dude what he
gonna notice the winners it's been
forever except they didn't actually say
it was forever they pride in the sound
like that and then with that aggressive
so here we are West Alex and I sat down
and finish it all up last night we
watched them all again and we came to
the conclusion we came to the winners so
here we are I'm gonna announce them so
yeah let's do this all the videos i'm
about to announce will be linked on the
side and they'll be links at the end of
this video so make sure you stay tuned
and check them all out first runner-up
prize is a video from efforts
skateboards when you can go your own way
this is a cincinnati-based company
they're really cool dudes and it's
decent video I thought I'd throw it out
there the winner of this is freaking
dumped at a ton Shaw drum his video fun
fun fun fun fun fun fun which is perfect
for it it's a really awesome video
really creative editing and he's like
he's skating someone like he skates his
front porch it has a heart filled like
injure a lot of this is a crappy
dropping over this gap it was nuts like
for what he was dealing with I thought
it was really really well he did really
well with and so make sure you check
that out and i will be sending this to
you but alright so the second runner-up
prize is a set of shake junt bearings
and if i have to explain what bearings
are you probably shouldn't enter this
contest but the winner of this runner-up
prize is dumped undone rodney Mullen
9000 alright this video proved that you
didn't have to be skating like Jamie
Thomas to win something in this con
this was he's only 15 I think he lives
in Kuwait so these are going pretty far
around the world but it was so really
well put together like his like filming
and editing is really artistic I like I
loved it and he has some crazy flips and
stuff he does like just not on a
skateboard like just doing backflips
there's a really cool video and I
promise I judge it on the skating at the
back flips my me but if you but if you
had anything any backflip you can add a
backflip to any video of the world it
makes it better right so um rock on
congratulations bud i'll be sending
these to you and i hope you enjoy them
alright so the grand prize of this
contest is a girl skateboard as you guys
know it was very hard to choose a winner
you guys all did a great job there are
so many good entries but West Alex and I
did come to a conclusion and we picked a
winner the winner of this skateboard
right here is dented a ton because just
freaking waiting guys like saying the
name dude it's a video from like bosses
his name is Matt beaten he did a
terrific job he great skating great
style good editing you could just tell
he was out there like busting his butt
for the stuff so congratulations bud you
did a great job I will send this to you
and I hope you enjoy skating on this you
got to fill more stuff for us alright
but for those of you who didn't win
don't be so bummed because this spring
or summer I'm going to be having a
multiple deck giveaway so three maybe
more of you guys will be having decks
sent to your friggin porch and there'll
be some other runner-up prizes
furthermore this februari contest if you
like video games you're going to want to
stay tuned for it because you might just
be able to win the video game of your
choice of your system what there's one
more runner-up prize that's right 88
footwears destroy everything now video i
was originally i'm going to give three
prizes away the deck the bearings and
the effort video but this kid went out
skating to film for this contest and he
end up getting injured and i saw the
video I was like man I won't really want
to do something this guy so I went to
skate shop and pick this up
and this is mg skateboarding won his
video will be at the end check it out as
kind of graphic so if you don't want to
see something it don't watch it but um I
appreciate you trying to skate for man
I'm sorry you couldn't actually film for
it I hope your healing your healing up
all right and I will see you back on the
board when you can in the meantime I
hope you enjoyed this video button oh my
gosh I'm freaking sick of talking all
right bear with me almost done here
though last week my update video I told
you guys to show me your stylish trick
and the winner gets shout out well here
we are I have picked a most stylish
trick I thought and it happens to be a
very very good trip too so here we are
I'm going to show you
all right that was little I b25 check
him out and subscribe I mean you guys
saw it freaking perfect shove a perfect
late flip catch land it was fantastic
that was amazing bud keep it up alright
so the clip of the week contest this
week is a little different it might
actually cause some of you to be
embarrassed on internet if you try this
but I want to see your best
impersonations okay pick any celebrity
you want anybody we freaking Homer
Simpson it can be Brian Ames I don't
care just upload a clip of you
impersonating that person and post it as
a video response and i'm going to pick
the closest one the funniest one
whatever and you guys will get a
shoutout so i'm having a feeling I'm
going to get a lot less responses to
this but I'm really interested to see
what you guys do with it with that said
I am freaking I oh my gosh I never want
to talk again they like since the Jew
has the subscribers thing like I'm like
doing a survey video like I don't want
to do talking with us anymore i have a
skate video coming out next week's
that's pretty cool but holy freakin crap
i'm sick of talking but there's some
bloopers end this so check out the
videos there's gonna be some links here
of the contest winners check out their
videos and prepared to see more freaking
goofing off and skateboarding I promise
guys I don't want to ever talk again
Jesus free competes
guess you guys aren't ready for this I
look a superhero i will save you let's
just start over while i was describing
crab it's like hi my name is andrew
jerosh rock i was born in cincinnati
ohio i still live here my right arms
right here my left arms here cuz the
incense that what were you running over
here for hey he's on video come over
here you guys talk are you guys like
disney creatures you actually freaking
talk to each other and and work this out
wait him camera shy aren't fine run away
and then come back ten days later i'm
trying to film something you know you
can't mess with me my eyebrows are down
I'd be the happiest guy in the world
i'll be like i freakin love life you
know what life is great right now I've
got money I'm skating I've got I'm
skating or to choose like you guys did
so good why won't you just message me
Kyle all right let's just freakin let's
just talk online oh and um hi can't see
me now Dollaz style solid editing you
could really tell that he's out there
you know you're meowing the freaking
McIntosh is going how the heck look no
all right I'm sorry your kid in unison
how am I supposed to work huh how the
Freak am I supposed to work with you
running around being all cute yeah you
go gosh let's just start over
