hey guys what's up I got my Mario pajama
pants on so you know this is gonna be a
good video
get over there keyboard and look what
cute little kitten
how's that for the first 10 seconds the
video 2,000 subscribers heck yes
that rocks guys I hit 1000 back around
November like being in November so I
didn't think this was gonna come so fast
but it did and I'm pretty psyched and
you know obviously I have you guys to
thank so thank you very much I
appreciate it
so what I did when I hit 1000
subscribers is I did like a survey video
because the inspiration was that like
you know back on MySpace when people
actually went on to MySpace they're men
in surveys like left and right and now
the Facebook doesn't really happen so
what I was like hey I'll do one for
YouTube and I had a few people ask me to
do another one I was like well yeah but
I'm waiting till I hit another thousand
subscribers and that came a little bit
faster but here we are and I'm gonna do
it what I want you guys to do is just
ask me any question you want but don't
ask I did the other server videos so
don't even ask one that every bit answer
and the other one and I'll put a link at
the end and over there of the old one
you can watch it so if you're gonna ask
like hey once you start skating or
something like that like that's already
been answered do riffs so so ask a
question I'm gonna pick like a handful
of them like me like I don't like 15 20
and I'll put together a little survey
video like answers to that that's pretty
neat right so uh rock on I hit three
songs to two issues pause since I can't
breathe any just freaking breathe this
is overwhelming so rock on thank you
guys for hitting out to the subscribers
I will see you at 3,000 and hit me up
some questions get our new keyboards
down there and type up some interesting
questions make them freakin unique and
personal and fun to answer with that
said I think I need to what I do well I
have my hand on the friggin can Dara
might as well clean the keyboard whoa
kitty he doesn't like canned air I'm
sorry I'm sorry don't get it look Oh
like I knew like I knew you're gonna
flip fly out of here don't give me that
look a cat saw it in Shrek when they
guys like you know the freaking puppy
dog kick it nice I don't I don't even
need that you go subscribe or die
I decided to be appropriate to hold an
adorable kitten while I did this video
you just look into his little eyes it
was a bit unnecessary YouTube's survey
and it's it's not really the same thing
because it nobody asked me like personal
questions or anything is all blah blah
blah blah and he wants you to explain
your life and see if it gives a crap
