what's up guys update video time so I
bought this tie like two months back and
after buying it I realized was pretty
stupid I'm not gonna wear so since i
wasn't going to wear it i thought you
know i might as well wear it on my head
in an update video alright so update on
my projects real fast my book is going
extremely well and i will have more
exciting news the next month that you
need to stay tuned for skating is going
alright we've had no luck with this
winter so far it's been like rain cold
weather snow and all the time so it's
I've been mainly stuck in skate parks
and it sucks I'm realistic of it but big
news right here big freaking news i have
decided a name for my video coming out
later this year it'll be a it'll be out
probably like november or december and
it will be called freaking dunked in a
ton skate revenge ok so stay tuned for
updates once it gets warmer out we'll
have a trailer out for it so is four
stars right now you just know the name
of its Kate revenge alright so I got to
show you a clip of this skateboarder um
this dude is like a little brother to me
like a little brother from another
mother if you may he is 12 years old his
name is Jace Johansson and I'd take him
to the skateboarder like twice in this
last month ok and before he went to the
skatepark he knew I'd like Ali on the
ground like off curbs little bit here
and there but he's basically i'ma
skating for like six hours total like
the two sessions of these skate parks
and um it was insane how much he was
just trying and landing I've never seen
anyone progressed as fast and we filmed
two tricks on the last session on a list
little flat bar thing so check this out
right here this is jace your Hansen
Oh perfect good great for dancing so
okay that was insane all right granted
you know to ollie before really starting
to skate but still gzel freaking Pete's
you know something I don't get I don't
get curse words personally I think it's
kind of tacky when someone's just
cursing left and right but who is the
first person to like to say a curse word
and then to think it was bad you know
like how did that conversation go hey
man made up a new word today oh really
let me hear it I can't tell you why not
oh it's a curse word it's bad to say
it's I made it up but you're not allowed
to say it true that man probably say
when you're angry and then all the moms
will get mad at you I mean I understand
that the different levels of societies
and just over time these things just
gradually formed but the idea to me is
still completely stupid like let's make
words that we're not supposed to say
okay from now on I'm going to be doing
update videos every single week or at
least I'm going to try my best to do
them every week but what is important is
that i have a new segment okay at the
end of every video i'm going to do a
clip of the week contest so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to pick a topic
some weeks it'll be about skateboarding
some weeks it'll be funny stuff it's
going to be all across the board you
guys post your your contest entries as a
video response I picked the best video
and the winner gets a shout out and I'll
show their video in the next update
video the only you know make sure it's
your own content if I you know you can't
go post numa numa video and I'll be like
oh well you're not freaking the Numa
Numa dude so to kick it off this week I
have a clip it's skateboarding and funny
um this is brent costello trying to
front border rail and it doesn't really
go so hot check it out
alright so luckily he didn't get hurt
and he got back up and frickin landed it
alright so here is this is brent
Costello's youtube channel go check them
out and subscribe to them they're also
be a link right on the side alright so
the clip of the week contest this week
is I want to see your most stylish trick
on a skateboard okay I want to see the
trick those like rewind slow motion so
firstly though I five any doubt in mine
that is not you I'm not going to use it
so make sure it's like this is me this
is my trick secondly edit it down and
upload it as just like the trick us just
a video I don't want to watch like a
six-month montage and be like it took
five minutes 20 seconds like now just
just upload that trick and post it as a
video response and the winner will get a
shout out in that a rock so I'm gonna
end the video here and I'm sick of
adding accessories and I'm done I mean I
what can I do more than a winter coat
all right so I'm gonna wrap up the video
I tried to go street skating my friends
we didn't get a whole lot I'll show you
some random clips and then there are
bloopers the end because I'm an idiot so
until then subscribe or die take it
freaking easy guy and I'm gonna stop
rhyming it it's not a lie I'm gonna get
up and I'm gonna tell you why bye oh so
stupid
ma'am I'm with one I've been skating
with one foot on my board forever dude
I'm still doing it I'm like an acrobat
or something whoo not move anymore price
to stop recording
on my book is going really well I'm
almost done with uh I'm gonna put this
on that's have no idea what any of that
had to do with anything but I'm gonna
put this on its fashionable you know
girls like it you know girls like it
they're gonna be like oh my gosh she's
gonna freakin wristband he's so hot all
right so I'm yeah dude yeah I bet to
follow my chair I had no idea I was
gonna start coughing like I think
there's like an alien in my throat heads
now are the best one of the best
bloopers I have ever freaking filmed I
didn't oh boy red glove goodbye name is
Jace johansson and I took him to the
skate park a couple times this last
month and he and ian let's just say and
one more time and so that's it for this
week Jenna fit here myself this is
ridiculous I'm about to go freakin snow
storming oh I should feel like I'm being
born can you always crap off me
you
