you are live what's up guys we've got
some new product Frank you can't do that
how much you won't know exactly the
coaches I can't do it
what's up so everyone joining right now
we're doing a livestream today to show
you guys the video I just hit you in the
Wiener if you did gosh that sucked
you're not doing good on this I'm fine
alright so we're gonna let you because
we have some surprise new products
coming out right now we already put them
live on the strikers comm we usually do
seasonal releases but this was an
awkward time we're like let's just do it
so yeah okay Brian's already picking us
up so we have the new take over the
world board the first one was a little
initiative so Belfast
do we have any sizes in the store maybe
a few citizen function so if you want a
limited edition I think we have some
seven seven five eight
I think there's eight left so for
everyone else we got these so these are
unlimited so if you guys like this we
can keep getting these in stock and
really cool again I like this a lot this
case II just set up a board for me like
on his channel to come out this weekend
and this is gonna do an excellent
today so their guys go super cool
gravity matches the cool in skate die on
Linda graphic oh yeah please not this
way super fast
back with John sold out the first
weekend away with you so you don't
wanted to stand on top of John Hill you
can again and if you give you have a
school or a back if you have a back
let's start with that you never back you
can also have a bag this is a bunch of
stuff yeah yeah what's he going for 65
bucks and it has take over the world
folder yep Sam and his boxer is you can
be sitting in schools staring at Sam in
this boxers that's pretty cool it also
comes with this comes the notebook and
if you think we're even close to being
done we're not you need two pounds get
two pins heads who revived skateboards
pans well I mean you probably realized
right now let's just like ill I got back
to the school kit yep chargers cuz you
know you're gonna be on your cell phone
in class so why does it might as well be
charged there yeah look USB charger
garage skateboards it's coming so if
you're one of those people that have
lanyards or keychains you attach to it
you're both earbuds keeps going it does
it's not even done yet
so here buds if you have ears in a back
you really hooked up because you can put
these in them and hear your cell phone
when you should be listening to your
class not promoting a this I'm just
talking real that's usually how it goes
and then we got a so when you get in
trouble for listening to your yours
phone you got to put it away get this
out and draw a line I don't
after you get in trouble for that you're
you pretty much shouldn't just listen
you should sure for sure listen but this
is pretty cool I like this that's a
super good variety shot and now it's of
pockets in the fact that your laptop and
it makes me a very happy person we had
to go out - yeah because we're laptop
people those are in the store right now
you can get them we only have like a
hundred of these nutty
we're like 90 maybe and we don't know
they might sit around and they might go
really fast I have no idea but if you
have a back you want that to go to
school or to work wherever you're going
there right now so I guess we could just
answer a couple questions in the chat
are you I need to you talk to the camera
well I just I need to go to here we were
asking with how much was the bag again
the bag $65 yeah
the board's our normal price and then
and then the it's on the Shred course
calm right down in the info okay uh he's
he people are asking how much is the bag
nothing else no you can't get just the
bag full package actually so 65 bucks in
the bag
yeah everyone's asking if you buy the
back zipper I called it did I just tell
you this before we started it's all
right well may I mean I mean we might do
it in the future just alone so bear with
us if you don't wanna get the package
just hang out it does have a lot of its
really cool attributes
oh here you can keep you want to just
ask us questions how old is Bryan Ames a
sidenote
you're at 20% better 20% yeah it started
at 30 so when did you two start skating
ice I skated with him like prob about a
month after he I started skating I met
up at Bryan him cells we see this box
and I fake fell I was doing falling
Steve were like form they get you know
like I was better at falling before I
was I could do tricks
I'd never never loose mirror and I was
like smashing my doesn't personal on
your house yeah we skating your street
which was terrible we were 14
yeah so that was that Steve is here all
right come on
no more questions happen it's just nope
it's the same thing when did you start
skating who are your sponsors can you do
it impossible responsible are revived
skateboards force wheels and grab grip
tape s skateboarding shoes
Orion trucks that's it who's your
biggest I guess anchor count who's your
biggest inspiration dude many I get I
get weird inspiration for like music and
movies got a favorite skaters Pratt
Chris Pratt's a huge inspiration to me
Yoga motivates me to better myself
alright do you like Roman Atwood he
lives around us in CA z clubs the things
I've seen of him he seems a good nice
dude his people reached out to us to
work together at one point and then it
was like a big event and they wanted to
do it here and we were like wow that
might be bad so it just fizzled out what
was your first skateboard mine was a
hookups
Charlie's Angels day
- Formula one that I've been he's a
child of my surfing I think I found
right now to tell people it's a formula
one it's a vertical grab it gives a
slick and it's got this like snot-nosed
kid I think I can't find where is ridin
someone's asking do we sell finger
boards you want to assume soon it's
gonna happen who's fall
yeah this quality three-block when can
we get it no we're about set right now
we get off this bloody fella you wanna
be look engaged his face he's just
chomping at the bit trash-talking the
new island gozman before he was this
trash-talking age which a lot of people
are super us like oh he's obsessed he
likes it tomorrow we have a like would
you rather video
but then on Saturday the world rotates
directly whip up you can get a new we
are avenged it's gonna be super fun so
we're back we're finally back and we're
already working on like after this
weekend we'll have heart we'll have like
all of one episode filmed and then part
of another one so they're coming are the
bags limited which yeah there's 90 of
them I don't know that's a little funny
because we're gonna do them we can
definitely restock yeah and if like
clearly people just want to get the bag
alone we'll reevaluate later on but for
right now if you want one that's the way
you're gonna get yeah we also actually
the the charger is going to be in that
bag we're actually selling that
separately we do have like ten of those
so very limited white shark so if you
guys well the charge will listen we do
have some extra so they'll be sold
separately that's not on the store right
now but it will be free soon that's it
thank you guys for watching this video
I'm just a little informational video
I'm guys have a great Thursday I will
see you tomorrow and hopefully it's not
range like it is here to Cincinnati
where you live your skateboard we're
gonna say - wait wait hold on don't
don't end it make sure guys look at my
hand we're singing all right no that's
it we're done we love you here's my hand
goodbye
and then there's Alex he was he was
controlling the thing your well this is
an awkward moment
