hello and thank you for calling our
customer service center please give us a
brief description of what your needs are
today I need to request a new debit card
we're sorry we did not understand what
you just said please give us a brief
description of what you need today this
could be like I need a new debit card or
I've lost my password I news 8 we're
still having trouble hearing you if
you'd like to hear a list of your
options please press 1 if not please
press two thank you and have a good day
what let's try this again
hello and thank you for calling our
customer service center please give us a
brief description of what your needs i
would like to speak to a human we're
sorry we didn't understand no you're not
sorry all right look smart job I want to
talk to a person a real human one that's
breathing they can be named Tina like a
name bill I just wanted to have a name
all right please put me through we're
sorry we did honor it stop where's so
and we're so it we're sorry where's stop
arc please a manager cuts did you say
manager yes yes I would love to speak to
a manager I'll put you through to our
next available manager right now thank
you geez hello and I'm sorry good
problems with our system I have the
program manager take care of any issues
that hitting me all right you know what
no I give up all right miss manager
robot I give up okay it's freaking
computer after computer I'm just going
to go to the bank the real bank in the
real world and I swear if you guys have
c-3po work in the counter I'm not
banking to you guys anymore God
you
