what's up guys contest time this is my
first contest and this month is for you
skateboarders out there a girl
skateboard deck this is a as a decent
shape has some nice concave it is a
seven point seven eight it's a nice
medium size so you guys are probably
wondering like well how the heck do I
win this Andy here's what you're going
to do you're going to make a montage of
your skating like a little video part of
yourself you can put music in you can
edit it you can make it fancy you can
keep it plain it doesn't matter what do
what you want to do but post it as a
video response to this video okay the
only catch is you have to be a
subscriber so like I mean if you're if
you have an awesome thing I look and I'm
subscribed me I'm gonna be like well no
count you out so that's the only
requirement you have to be a subscriber
and not exactly like it doesn't mean
that the best skating is going to win
this it's the video that presses me the
most so I can really tell that you're
putting hard work like you really went
went out for this I'm gonna it's going
to impress me more you're going to up
your chances um and also this is this is
just the grand prize I'm gonna have some
runner-up prizes that i'll announce when
I announce the winners and you have no
idea what they're going to be I'm going
to be mysterious like that okay it could
be this adorable little kitten you know
it could be my cell phone but I be
honest probably neither of these but um
you guys will have to wait to see I'm
gonna do like one or two runner-up
prizes oh and I got to say this if
you're under 18 make sure your parents
know that you're doing this you can use
old footage I don't care you can use any
footage you've ever filmed it yourself
you can go film new footage obviously
but just put it together post it as a
video response make sure you subscribed
and that's it good luck to all of you
guys subscribe or die
you want you only you want to talk I'm
gonna be the dude with cat on a shorter
at the end of this video how hard did I
look right now I clip gangster does it
have how cute we look I should probably
stop the video now
