you guys need to carry can dinner with
you everywhere okay because if you ever
go back in time you can use this to
prove that you're from the future you
know they're you know they didn't have
canned air in eighteen hundreds although
they might consider you like a tear
which like and then then you'd be dead
you'd be so dead what's up guys this is
an update video so there's gonna be a
lot of talking and if you're not
following my channel you probably want
to watch this but first thing is first
guys you might notice something
different and if you said there's a fair
counter right here you are right
absolutely right I switch it over
because it's the new year oh and I dye
my hair black too so it's a new year and
a lot I mean a lot has changed since
last December way back when except
nothing so most people's new year's
resolutions are stupid and the same
thing year after year this year I'm
trying to quit smoking and I'm good at
what I would join you for a cigarette
right now yeah i mean this you know 2010
but try to lose a little weight chipotle
yell each bullet count me in so I don't
have any really cheesy new year's
resolution this year but I do have one
and then i have three goals so i'll
start with the first one my goal by the
end of 2010 is not to be living paycheck
to paycheck that would rock um and last
year but in 2009 um my goal was to be
like productively happier with my life
in 2008 and does not like the word
here's my life and I'm rocking now so I
considered to us nine and success in
that aspect but there are three other
things i really want to accomplish this
year the first being my book okay i want
to successfully prepare that for
publication and I'm working on it I'm
actually having a blast going over it
like it's weird because it's like my own
book and I'm reading it I'm getting like
into a while breathing in so that's cool
i'm getting psyched on that again that's
my first one to get that ready for
occasion my second one is i'm doing a
documentary of smite the skateboarding
team i had growing up which maybe is
conceded i don't know but uh like these
dudes that i skated with we did videos
we actually started with all the money
we made from the videos we got around
with the running boards made we were the
beechmont mob so I'm doing a document
don't fall down do not fall down hey um
so doing a documentary on that and i'll
give you guys updated if as that comes
along but like that'll be really cool
and i'll i'll have a big premiere in
cincinnati for what not but the third
being my skate video ok it's gonna be
like it's like a goofy scaping it's kind
of like it'll be like CKY except my own
i'm not going to be copying them per se
but um but it'll have more than just
skating as i'm saying i don't have a
name for it yet i gotta talk to Alex and
Wes and we got to decide on a name but
that will be out by the end of 2010 and
I'll have trailers come the spring for
it but not so look forward to that and
I'm rambling so what should I move on to
next man video wardrobe change go all
right I thought about changing up these
update videos a little bit every week I
was thinking about doing a best trick
contest where you guys send me your
footage and I basically pick a trick and
that person who's footage I show gets a
shout out of their channel so i think
it's a good idea and it's going to start
up and I'm gonna ask you guys if that's
a good idea i'm just gonna make i'm just
gonna assume you guys like it and wow
these sunglasses are freaking drive me
crazy but I'm gonna start that up with
the next couple weeks look out for it
i'm actually going to recall these
update videos a lot so be prepared i
also have a scape a new coming out later
this week it's gonna be part footage but
but you have to deal with it because we
have like a foot of snow in Cincinnati
last but not least another video is
coming out this week is the first
contest I have a deck here and I'm going
to give it away this is a girl deck and
it has some pretty good shape it's a
seven point seven eight I do believe and
if you guys want to win it stay tuned
for video and I will tell you how all
right last I have a question for you
guys as i just said i was giving my
skateboard for my contest this month i
plan on giving away some non
skateboarding related items for my
contests and i want to know how many of
you guys have my subscribers my
followers my watchers do not skateboard
then just watch me to watch me um so get
on your keyboard if you don't skateboard
and say hey I don't even skateboard but
watch videos when that said ironically
i'm about to show you some skate footage
of them i I vowed to never let this
footage to the light of day
and as part of its glitched and crappy
but you know what you're gonna see it
this is the only place in all time that
you're going to see this footage because
it's stupid and with that said I'm going
to go watch out for my next videos
goodbye and subscribe or die or live
long and prosper or goodbye hey what ah
ah good
that's when you know you're Romaniacs
cats seriously please I know that's a
fantastic pop box okay that's great but
you don't need to be thrown in the cross
room like that freaking kittens man
problems jabse take time so I don't have
got a ping pong ball what I have any
like Syria took resolutions I have to I
i do i do i i i i i I'm baje mcwrap
video by stuttering I don't I don't I
don't that was stupid gosh what do I do
this for start over I'm thinking about
doing every single week I'm gonna have
like a Beth trick contest where you guys
send me all your semi love ah I'm a
freakin surfer I don't need to be sit in
front of a camera I just need to chill
out on a beach I got my shorts on I'm
freaking out goodbye
