no I could not be any more happy with my
life let me tell you my newlywed wife
and I we just had twins
um I landed the Tokyo deal made a bunch
of money on that
I took a month off for the holidays just
to relax you know I even donated
$100,000 to legless orphans over in
Pamlico yeah my life is just perfect
don't know oh I don't you want to be me
yeah who wouldn't okay so I'm gonna jump
off here and I'm gonna play some old
video games on the boob tube um but you
have a good one and tell Nancy and the
kids I say no all right take it easy
Craig by call of duty modern warfare 2
here I come
nobody mess with me in my ACR nobody can
mess with me in mace your fire oh oh
come on that freaking corner moved well
that was fair camping what surprises
hello split video games just camp out
all day
no no property guy you were not a real
player actually you just camp out yeah
bring it and I'll fly you in real life
ok I live I live in Cincinnati Ohio
oh you live in Columbus ok why don't you
just why don't you just find out who's
camping outside your house tomorrow
double shotguns gas those shotguns are
the cheapest thing in the world
name is poopy fish 69 spawn death spawn
death spawn death why not just wander
name or maybe I could just spawn her in
from a sniper rifle how about that
got knife once again by the guy that's
running 60 miles per hour might as well
be on the freeway watch out don't go too
far to the boundaries they'll kill you
cuz that makes sense that is right that
is right I killed you ah got knifed ya
know all you guys all you guys can meet
me how about that
all you guys community because I don't
care I'm still here and I'm not going
anywhere I'm did dad done Dan stun knife
stone spawn death grenade hey why don't
you just go talk to your grandma or
something ok because you might actually
care what you're saying she might cuz I
don't in fact I'm about to mute you know
I'm not gonna meet me because you know
when I kill you I want you to hear me
kill you in my victory dance at
celebration because I'm going to I'm
gonna throw a party I'm gonna have some
friends over and they're all gonna
celebrate your death and then no and
then I'm gonna find you in real life and
I'm gonna frag grenade your ass in real
life how about that
ok talk about talk about some coal under
the Christmas tree you're gonna get some
dead dead dead dead dead yeah gosh I
quit
