hey what's up guys this is an update
minute you thought your YouTube player
frozen you know actually I just stood
still and didn't say anything I know I'm
a jokester I night but yeah this is an
update video so if you're not trying to
follow my channel don't watch this will
be a waste your time um and guys I'm
sick right now so I've been sick so I
apologize but I have a lot of energy
which is like this is one of the rare
times that I'd won't have energy usually
I mean like I'll like I'll get three
hours of sleep wake up and I can still
run laughter on my room usually so why
did I need to tell you that I don't know
so something cool kind of happened last
week I got a message for one of our
subscribers and he said that he and his
friends were coming up to Cincinnati to
escape and into a park all day then I
should meet up with them and skate and I
did exactly that you know it was a good
time I it's always cool to meet you guys
and Cedric I'm looking forward to a
freakin you showed me around Louisville
some of those three spots but what the
heck am I going to say next oh right
speaking of subscribers two of my fellow
youtubers did something really cool for
me the first being escape for life
123456 I think that's channeled in he
put me in his other channels list which
puts like a link and like a little
channel icon of me on his main page and
then when people subscribe to him and
drops down little thing and said hey I
wanted to subscribe to Andy so that's
you know that's awesome when you guys do
select that for me it really helps I
appreciate it but and I would tell you
to check out this guy's channel
regardless but man check out his channel
because he's one of the most you know
he's young he's one of those talented
skateboarders on youtube like he does
stuff them just blow your face off your
body is amazing the second being
Baltimore Ravens so I'm he drove log and
he just kind of told people that he's in
my videos and he sent people my
direction and I saw like a really big
boost and subscribers that day so check
him out here's this channel BAM he
skates but he mainly just talks about
like random issues but he has a really
good personality for it so definitely
give them a look at but to both you
dudes thank you very much I appreciate
it okay i'm watching this as a recorded
today and i look like hell like I don't
know what the heck's going on back here
but i'm just i freakin look like I'm
sick I'm Justin you're going hey there's
this guy go to this channel thanks I
have no personality I'm just
here so i'm sorry i'll be back in action
next time I promise okay so contest
contests are about to start up on Andy
Stratcom i'll be doing on contest every
month so expect to see that the january
contest go up within like a week or two
the first time I think I'm gonna take
suppose you guys are skateboarders I'm
going to give away a deck like a new
deck for the January contest but for
those who watch my channel or not
skateboarders don't worry i'll be giving
away like ipods and ran you're stifling
basically the better money i have at the
moment the bigger the prizes will be
that month like I hopefully I'll be able
to get away like nintendo wii's
eventually like stuff like that like
that be awesome house i can you be too
where do we for watching my youtube
channel but some videos to come I've
been doing a lot of skate park videos
and it's driving me crazy you want to
strive me crazy skating skate parks I
can't stand it like I've skated these
two parts to death in Cincinnati so I
can't wait to get on street but um I'm
gonna do some more like goofy like skit
acting videos I have planned for and
then i'll probably do another public
prank here soon not the skateboard fall
like I will do another one of those
mentally but uh I have another idea for
a public prank that I'm gonna freakin
put into action um what should I say
directed oh and just when you thought
this vlog wasn't going to be cute BAM
here's two kittens right here how cute
are these guys they are brother and
sister this is I got a freaking look the
same all right this is Dhabi and this is
Winky and if you guys have good taste in
books you will know what that is from or
movies I guess kind of um but they're my
new kittens my aunt had kittens it like
you decided like hey you're going to
have to so that's cool they actually
kitten that you have seen in my if you
guys watch all my videos there's been a
kitten here they're in my other videos
that was my ex-girlfriends cat that's
not mine and in fact I have a lot of
random bit like animals in my videos um
the only animals have I have these two
kittens now that I have my two ferrets
so all other animals you see in my
videos have been borrowed so I don't
have like a zoo in my actually no now I
have a zoom I outside cooking for
animals a lot but with that said I'm
going to stop because I'm sick and I'm
gonna go play it again to the rest today
is my day off um so I don't even know
I'm holding this finger but I don't even
have anything to say to
guys let's wrap things up i'm going to
show you guys some footage of my friends
i filmed last most of the skatepark
there's no footage of me in there so
it's just them and i'm going to show you
some bloopers because as always i'm an
idiot and i suck at filming these things
and then last but not least my friend
from Hollow has been bugging me about
hearing more of the song that at the end
of all my videos there's a little guitar
riff from a song I wrote and I'm gonna
play you guys more of the song today it
doesn't have a name it will someday on
the track you're about to hear I did the
bass track and I am singing but here it
is it's been good guys i hope you guys
had a great christmas and have a good
new year Oh phone
dude I hit the lens like on the freaking
kind of film or does that shut up
shakes feeds our wedding
I was I got a message last week about um
from one of my subscribers gotta stop
and start again I've got stopped and
start again I gotta stop and start again
while she stopped singing in stop
drivers uh my friend Cedric now uh oh um
and I'm sick right now I actually I was
just a jinja jinja as yo I thought I was
gonna just sit here stutter for a while
I'll stare over there so I'm gonna keep
doing that Jin Jin Jin jet I digit a
ginger ginger this is to it anywhere
contest but eventually you know i'll be
giving away like ipods don't get like
extravagant better basically the better
money i have at the moment i'll do more
like maybe i'll give away like a freakin
we won one month I'll be awesome I was
love people wait for good week but uh
yeah but uh what what oh I'm freaking on
camera under what happens if I put my
face really close look you know how this
is like a space right here like it looks
like I'm getting sucked into the black
hole like whoa they've had some cheesy
effect to suck myself into my computer
screen I would so do it right now and
then I just would never make a video
ever again and you guys would think that
I got sucked in my computer I die or I'm
in some parallel dimension I'm gonna
stop talking goodbye
