you
matic is possible on this tricks
sorry I mean that was all right you know
if you're I was critic i would say like
seven out of ten he can do better is
gonna try sir Oh Alex it was fantastic
man five stars knocks hey guys um I got
some bad news to tell you it's instances
escapee I thought be appropriate to tell
you here I'm not something happen and
I'm not going to be able to skate for a
very long time
I can't give you too much details but uh
april fools that's right see ya i know
you guys are thinking right now hey it's
December what the heck Andy well if I
would have done it in April you probably
would have expected it to happen so I
gotta do it another date and time so you
guys don't expect it yeah you guys
probably wish you would have thought of
that so uh I can still skate and I'm out
subscribe or die boo that's right that's
right we freaking here at and east rocks
youtube channel we punch cameras that's
right that's right no text message
goodbye
you
