hey what's up guys um somehow I got
myself invisible so I'm gonna do this
video invisible today okay that wasn't
even funny so if any guys laughed you
should feel ashamed of yourself um
alright this is an update video actually
kind of like an announcement video this
can be really rushed so add a little bit
late it was supposed to go up on Tuesday
but today finally my website is up and
everything there that needs to be at the
get go is there so check it out it's an
ashrak com I'll put a link at the very
end of the video where you can just
click it you can be lazy you can be lazy
and you can just click it and it'll take
you right there and you'll be like whoa
but check out Andy wars 2 it's on the
videos page it's something you haven't
seen before it's ridiculously
embarrassing so I you know if you want
to see me act like an idiot there's your
place to go but ok so I've got a lot of
requests not a lot of quests I just lied
you guys I've got a few requests here
and there for how-to videos like how to
kickflip or how to hardflip even though
i can't hardflip road that well but um I
was thinking you know I was actually
thinking about we're doing one of those
I think the logical trick for me would
be a three flip because I do so many
three flips like I love them they're
like my warmup trick and I do them every
session like they're just what I do
speaking of though not to like ride off
topic real fast but uh I was at the
skate park the other day and I was
trying some three football kicker ramp
and I landed on it like 20 * perfect
bolt and I have no I just could not land
it like I don't know if it was the slick
got like the slate floor of the
skatepark because i have trouble like
taking drops on those but um I don't
know it was annoying but i'll play you
guys some of those three flips just to
show you how i had it and how much I
suck and landing it so here it is
Oh
so I'm talking about doing how to videos
if you think that's a good idea you can
let me know if not you can just wait to
see if I do one how about that but I
have an announcement to make other my
website I had an epiphany other day I do
not want to pay for skateboard early I
know it's not that I don't want to pay
is that I'm broke and I can't really
afford to pay for a bunch of skateboards
after breaking them and this spring and
summer I'm gonna be going through a lot
of decks my film Street skating a lot so
I'm gonna send out some sponsor videos
I'm not going to tell you guys who I'm
gonna be mysterious but if I get
sponsored by somebody i will let you
guys know and then i can go tell you to
buy their products like they're gonna
want me to um but i'll keep you guys
updated and with that said when I have
one more thing hold on question I got a
question for you guys today after being
in front of camera so much these last
few months doing so many videos I really
do enjoy I'd like a idiot and being a
goof for you guys but I've been doing a
lot of thinking lately like I really
like the idea of getting into acting I
don't really know how to get into acting
I mean I can you know start somewhere
but I what I want to ask you guys is how
ridiculous of an idea is that you know
you'd be like Andy know you friggin
don't have to take get on keyboard and
tell me get leave me a comment if not
give me some motivation that'd be good
to hear but look out for a video on
monday i had two sessions earlier this
week and Alex and I managed to film a
few tricks so have a short montage for
you guys um and you know there's some
bloopers the end of this because as
always I am an idiot with that said I
got nothing I will talk to you guys
later goodbye and subscribe or Die later
but I've got the saw few requests here
and there for how-to videos like how to
kickflip how to whatever the water cool
the water I don't have you guys can hear
that but every time someone runs water
in the house it comes shooting down
right next to my mic friend all right ok
so I just said ok so with but um not
sure um but that's that's not even my
I'm gonna stop ha ha ah I'm very
pantomime today like all pointing around
like hey guys this is my vlog I shabba
shit I surprise start over ok question I
have a question for you guys um question
I have a question for you guys this this
update after being in front of the
camera a lot these last few months like
being a goof on the internet i really
like i really like changing colors cuz
my camera is on demo mode started look
now I mean like a night whoa now i'm in
space now i'm 50 pounds heavier i'm
doing i'm done
