we're here but watch out
that was an impromptu way to start this
jeez what is it
where else Wednesday warehouse Wednesday
you already said that
I did yeah I think I think I think I
think I said it twice really you know
what being is great share it with
somebody all right to warm up today
you're into warm up it's real ends day
and you're the guy three no comply
tricks Sam's going to tell you which
ones are going to this was going to do
one and you have to mention alright and
then make us be here all day for that
mister challenge oh no then you have to
do five spectacular tricks on five
different obstacles in there and I'll be
the gentle tricks if good enough got to
wow this guy's face on five different
obstacles and we'll show you what they
are when we're in there but it should be
an exciting time because out yeah Sam
Taber your hair is getting long
oh man I know I need a hair just grow it
out Louise Lopez
this guy's been naked before if you win
you got 12 minutes do those five
technical fact if you win you get a free
pair for feel together ones one all
right
and I'm good they go on your truck honey
hate-filled that over here yeah well no
I think the new time long he's laughing
in dead calcaneus he's laughing you're
attractive a trick in at your pirates
get it down take care good yes first
person video game
did that really television so yeah you
got three no Piper it's little harder to
do it and then he has to match
yeah so whichever one you want to start
with whatever one please have a pet
Emmett I looked up pirate thing to say
what do you say I said art matey would
release a giver and never might convert
oh because that means you're scared when
a person uses your chocolate absolutely
sure whenever we used to shiver your
Timbers
share your Timbers to the back
yes they're not like that matter what
the obstacle you did it first Roger he's
not going to land a next tribe is you
landed the triathlon calm I just hear
you alright what you just were right
about me being wrong true I was really
good I'll buy one
Oh super good come on get on your
safewords okay did he do it did he
really do it was anybody watching Wow
okay crappy angle but you guys saw it
oh there you go mr. Chen I'm going to
get you a airplane gun hold on Vina
you're going to get over here you're
going to get over there okay you're
going to roll the tire down Feeny's
rolling this way the tires rolling that
way he's got to make it through both the
hole and the tire okay okay push like
you mean it I got me yeah we're good
you got to be behind this rail okay I
hope this isn't easy all right everyone
know we're doing
is it in it
Wow dude that was really good so it
didn't go through does that count Brian
I got it you know I'll count it more if
those more impressive that was really
good meeting jeez are you ready for
dinner
holy are you ready I've got five
obstacles the first one is the manual
pad second one is the ledge the hip then
the rail then the stairs looks great on
all of them twelve members do it all I
don't know okay I'm making my fish up
come on hey deep breath close your eyes
what's your favorite cartoon is a kid
Mario oh wow that's a great answer
one second you start rolling I'll be
I'll be clicking so you're right here
first okay you got to be Tex everywhere
is what this is you want to go this way
when he lands every trick you need to
don't do you have to do a pirate
something all right fine okay ease over
there practicing stop practicing and go
Bhaskar why would you really knows me on
all III put these come out women that is
hard oh very nice I don't know what part
ago and I had walked rich it's a shoe
that was super giving of which is a
dance that infringing means to hang
someone please say that at some point in
this video okay remember go let's right
hip hey miss is this worse back to
health council technical yeah yeah does
know yeah i feel like we have some
slippery dude something's going to
happen
oh my gosh
that was in fact that was technical
technically that was heading for 10
minutes 10 minutes monkey is a small
cannon what a monkey is a small cannon a
SHINee spider-man no I want you need
like a brute taco brute chuckle proof
means chicken a witch cackle for it
means chicken leg it was switch yes oh
yeah I feel like he needs the up the
ante that passed but we need to up the
trickery up the SEC the other hip next
or the rail whichever your choice cause
it hit first what do you use poop dick
okay when do you use that and why Greg
there's a poop deck
you know predict is that it's the
highest and farthest back of the ship
Haley is this place just a wood when do
I use that wall like go to that wall
booty oh you're the first person
oh wow oh what a terrible few frames
anyway
BB's of scallywag name to insult someone
scallywag how much time left absolutely
you've got 6 minutes and 23 seconds good
that we're done yeah you have had all
the times halfway but you've done three
to five tricks oh there you go
what you got flat bar is next Thank You
Oprah bitch trying to put four spots
before
what's right him why would he do that I
was going wrong just do that
Jolly Roger Jolly Roger to the pause
keepo he bethought me feed the fish no
give it a thumbs up I really want to
like actually thumbs down one of these
but that was really good
yeah he's done good are you okay that
was a that was they answered my question
a fairly good get four minutes and 29
seconds you got at least amount of time
when you start the time goes back on if
you do it first try
I'll throw in a board yes
are you agree point up if a switch front
shelf late flip first dry you get a
board too Hornswoggle
you got it though I missed oh my gosh
got it be Neal and this one he'll be a
flea bust here which is the part of the
business it's changing it up or how do
you feel about this
oh he is a frantic mid-20s
he's been running up not good happiness
I know
stuck it again 50 seconds get three
fries oh my god you were down to the
photo right now
Thomas is a very very black boy yeah I
can't hear it well got out here he hate
Thomas to crap I roll ngratulations you
you're are you trying to like just make
everyone nervous what was that that was
a great well-spoken vision sir young I
can do that
you are sweaty like he's getting wheeled
me here's the wall of wheels we have
some we just got some in true just to
point this out we do have the greatest
skate graphic wheel of all time and
that's we got a little sharks got
happening it's crew just saying just
saying pick some wheels I'll take down
all right you think about it if you do
get into that they're super good
they are graduation is it I guess that's
it
thank you guys for watching I do videos
here all the time my channel if you want
to see more just hit the subscribe
button right below the video and your
sign up see more free videos and I hope
you guys have a good day get out there
skateboarded can and there's entire
occasion I learned to know how did I say
goodbye I don't know them to kill them
that's all no one ever leaves it from a
pirate present has just died you walk
the plank and even write whatever I
learned the news alright we'll have to
play guys
you wanna see my knees towards are
awesome they got a minute I'll get an
attack I'm doing the attack way turbo
okay my second attack is getting my hair
out just look like a person at a
Halloween party that's trying to impress
people
imagine if alex is really that is that
an exchange what was in their hardware
boltar yeah he'll stay there for now
