hey what's up guys um this is an update
video and uh you know what I look the
same in every single video doing I and
probably gets born do you guys so today
I'm gonna spice things up you guys ready
1 2 this is spicing things up I look
like a 42 year old english teacher right
now and I can expect your homework in by
tomorrow or you're done that was pretty
ridiculous but what's up guys this is an
update video this is a very important
update video so make sure you watch the
whole thing but first things first I
went Street skating last weekend without
expanding and it was freezing it was
built it was below freezing actually and
it was I was so cold um I turned my
ankle the beginning of the day which
sucks because I was like I was I
couldn't really skate the rest the day
but i ended up filming like to really
dinky tricks but here i'll just shut up
and show you the footage
Oh
I want to kill you I want to freaking
kill you dude that was it man gosh it is
like 10 degrees outside
okay first did you see the Casper foot
that Alex almost landed my gosh I was
good expect to see that in his part next
year because he had that was like second
try but um yeah I thought about it and I
must seem like the most pathetic like
helpless person in the world with it
when it comes to injuries like
everybody's like my back hurts on my
back's better my back hurts my ankle
hurts like one of these days are going
to turn on you're gonna turn on my video
and be like oh and he actually died this
week it's about time okay the big news
my website Angie Stratcom is going up
Tuesday December 15th what that means
for you guys is that you'll be able to
go there and it'll be exciting but um no
I'm gonna have some some website our
website exclusive videos up there and
when it goes up I'm gonna have one it's
it's a video that I didn't post here
because of copyright stuff so i will
give you a sneak preview of this and I
hope that you're going to be like that's
going to be ridiculous i gotta watch it
so here's a sneak preview of the first
exclusive video for my website
what is it Terry the reports are answer
and we we have located the Sith Lord
excellent i will son you to this task
search out and destroy the Sifl so if
that doesn't make you want to go to the
website I don't know what we'll talk
about embarrassing yourself in the
internet this skit we did a few years
back we did really bad acting in it I
didn't really know how to edit
lightsabers so it'll be really goofy uh
look forward to it also on the website
I'm gonna have a little more information
about my book like a little summary
about it that's gonna be released next
year um and then some you know odds and
ends bits and pieces about me um well
actually I have a shout out this week I
almost forgot this guy is a very
talented skateboarder and he has some
really good trick tip videos so i'm
going to point down here and the his
channel name is going to appearance go
to the death shadow ironically enough
after i just showed you a preview of a
Star Wars get the guy I'm talking about
is geo to the death shadow check them
out check his channel out subscribe
before like them and if you don't
subscribe anyway um with that said
everybody know tonight I'm going to the
skate park on the same skatepark I know
you guys are getting so sick of seeing
the same skateboard skate every week but
uh I will I'm filming a montage tonight
so I hope we'll have a bunch of footage
to show you next week and then next week
I'm going to a different interest gate
park so you'll see something new I
promise also I've got a skit coming out
this Monday I've already filmed half of
it I think it's going to be really funny
be sure to check it out to look out for
it um stay tuned for some bloopers
because as i was i'm an idiot but for
now i'm going to go play the new zelda
game spirit tracks it's gonna be amazing
so if you like Zelda subscribe if not
die I'm just kidding that was me to me
I'm sorry sorry don't don't feel bad
don't die be roasted subscribe goodbye
an update video and if you're not God
what their schmeckt ashmita alright
what's up guys um this is an update
video or dadash mac to snare what would
my name ice making my own language up
thanks wrong with me today um this is an
important update videos to watch the
whole thing why did he do that I don't
know it was cold it was below freezing
um it sucks we I actually turned my
ankle the memory ending very the Death
Star has been blown away why did I say
that out alone sure they got to go out
and have recess while I sit here grading
papers I swear if I've seen one more
episode of the Magic School Bus I quit
not want to see Bill Nye the Science Guy
i watch CSI but where's the education in
that or lost well I got a I got a text
message it wasn't it wasn't that
interesting goodbye
