hello you two I've got a treat for you
today I'm gonna sing this entire video I
done cat what you have to say I'm just
kidding that would be completely
horrible and I would not do that to you
guys this is an update video so if you
don't want to follow my channel this
probably isn't worth watching first
thing is first yes I am completely
shaven and yes I look like I'm 12 years
old but that's said i'm going to show
you guys some clips from a session two
nights ago so watch this right now
is already
yep
first i'd like to point out the west was
completely wearing my outfit red shirt
and black pants and i've been wearing
that for about 11 years now so i think
you could have foreseen me wearing it um
but on that's cool because west rocks I
don't even care but um but but on let's
just say one more time let's just say
but on one more time but um but um but
um but um but um but I'm Bob have you
ever been really really angry something
well if you're skateboarder the answer
to that better be yes because
skateboards of the worst temper and I'm
no different this the backside flip i
was trying i got like coin returned into
the fence well that trick was making me
so mad and I usually land it I mean like
over different stuff but I usually
landed like all the time like five or
ten tries tops well know that night it
took me forever and ever and ever and
ever so I got mad and all sudden I
started thinking about life and I was
like oh cuz you know it which I'll get
to in a moment I'll tell you what's
wrong with my like why I got upset cuz I
was being a little wine a little heated
but um I snapped and I threw my
skateboard there and I was like boom
punched it okay well punch B escape work
yeah alright we're punching a skateboard
you know whatever you're gonna punch
your skateboard that's great at least
you're not punished something the favor
something I punched my skateboard and
the griptape happened to be facing me
and when you punch a skateboard really
hard of a grip tape it rips your
knuckles off see that and I really wish
I would have shot like shot my hand when
it happened because it was just like
blood like everywhere is it was bad my
knuckle you could see like my knuckles
on the skateboard it was gross and when
I say shot my hand I don't mean take a
gun and shoot it I mean take the camera
and pointed at it i'm talking like a
filmer I'm sorry so I'm flipping out
while I'm skating why am i flipping out
while I'm skating well it's funny
because I wasn't actually mad at
skateboarding I was just I was thinking
about all the stress stuff has stressed
me out lately and it just got to me and
like you know add the stress plus me not
letting a backside flip that I normally
do and I just explode money's been
really bad lately like I'm a server that
does freelance videography on the side
if I had enough freelance videography
jobs I would be rich and I wouldn't be
serving but it just so happens that I
don't so I'm serving at olive garden
at night to make most of my money but
you know with this economy people suck
at tipping like it's horrible Olive
Garden dia we saw people coming in which
people are just cheap so i don't know if
you guys live in the Cincinnati area and
you know awesome job that that they're
hiring I'm all ears uh but now I mean
it's just got hard because I gotta make
I got to work as much as I can to you
know get money to live and I don't have
as much time as I used to to make videos
and skate and whatnot but I am
skateboarding this Saturday I'm goin out
Street filming but it's going to be 16
degrees outside which contrary to
popular belief is cold as hell and that
sucks that's Fahrenheit so if you guys
over in Europe are on the Celsius scale
that's below zero for you guys but I'm
sorry for lack of content you know I'm
just working so much and I don't have a
lot of time to go out there and film and
skate as much as I'd like to hopefully
that will had changed a bit new year but
I have two new videos that I've done
this week they're actually the one the
red shirt like the world record of red
shirts video has been done for a while I
just posted it recently and I saw some
people saying I guess somebody said that
they know the reason because I said so
in a different video well no I've not
told you guys the reason why we're red
shirts I haven't told anyone the reason
I were richer so if you guys saw a video
I I you might have still got something I
didn't say but and that i did a video
like I interviewing myself awkward
interviews skateboarders titled go check
that out and how much think about it
other than that what do I say oh I got a
video coming this monday i was going to
post I found an old session on my
computer at the local park that i was
going to post but i didn't have as
matrix as i remember filming so i'll
just go ahead and show you that footage
now and then this would monday i have a
just put like i'll make a full section
or something because i have a bunch of
falls on my computer with that said I'm
gonna go and there are some bloopers the
end of this cuz I'm an idiot until next
time guys goodbye
flying if you saying you have it I have
the worst temper sometimes my skateboard
and you know I'm about a baby baby baby
baby baby baby no not not last night i
friggin i stuttered and then I've
rethought my life I thought what am i
doing for a camera I need to go do
something I'm done with YouTube I'm just
going to go have a successful life
verizon family
