hello and welcome to web interview
Wednesdays we are here with YouTube user
andis Schrock hello guys it's pleasure
to have you here Andy thank you it's
good to be here you guys are in for a
treat today because our very first
question cut straight to the drama yeah
hey Roger do you put this on right I
don't I don't know if this is working
can you guys hear me um okay there's
there's no one there's no one here and
you're not even wearing a microphone man
shut up Andy I've gotta ask you before I
even ask this question what are you
wearing you look like a dork I don't
know it's an interview I thought we were
supposed to dress up for these things
right yeah sure it's Australian what is
that supposed to mean doesn't matter
doesn't even matter okay question one
the drama average we a candy on your
average week let's say last week how
many girls do you run through well first
off I'm the type of guy that find
himself in the long-term relationships
but um it's been a very dramatic year
for me and honestly like I just got out
of a relationship I don't even want to
talk about girls right now man I'm sorry
boring and on this show we don't do
boring we do exciting next question Andy
you're a skateboarder everybody knows
that tell us a little bit about it yeah
yeah I'm a skateboard
I've been skating for about 12 years now
but I you know I grew up skateboarding
it's one of those things like the first
time I stepped on the skateboard it was
like it was hold on hold on okay I got a
question that we all want to know it's
no secret you hit your head
skateboarding
we all saw have been do on YouTube I was
on the edge of my seat the entire time
okay personally I was rooting for the
concussion I wanted you to die okay
that's true but that's just me I'm a bad
guy lover okay I want to hear it from
your mouth tell us a story about how you
almost died on your skateboard dude what
is wrong with you your mouth story
answer
um all right yeah so I was skating sir
handrail um I'd already landed the board
slot on it and I want to do a front
board but I was really afraid so I kept
doing the board slide over and over
again no question all right bear with me
bear with me I might put a little twist
on it okay if you
had died the day the day of your head
that we saw the video if you had died
like you were supposed to where do you
think you'd be today and what would you
be doing I'd be dead
what's your deal man answer frankly I'm
getting kinda disappointed in you Andy
you're not really giving us any
information but I'll give you a chance
I'm gonna go on to the next question and
what I mean everybody needs to know this
I mean everybody needs to know this okay
my mom called me up from New Jersey and
asked me this question what is with the
red shirts oh yeah yeah we're red shirts
everyday I've been wearing red shirts
for 11 years now
different red shirts mind you have a
bunch of them I'm wearing one right now
but now I can't tell you that I'm not
gonna do that sorry
now Andy I'm not letting you leave the
studio until I know why you wear red
shirts every day or wait I think I might
know what it is is it because you're gay
okay one this is now studio it's your
basement and two I'm not gay what does
have to do with red at all you tell me
why you wear red shirts every day No
jerk alright alright we're running out
of time but don't get up just yet I've
got a juicy one right here guys Andy
when's the last time you brought a girl
home dude I don't want to talk about
relationships I don't want to talk about
girls at all simple question Andy we all
just want to know if your performance in
the bedroom is like Velveeta shells and
cheese or Campbell's Chunky soup oh you
gotta be kidding me
I can't believe I did this um I I start
with Velveeta and then end with a
Campbell's Chunky soup oh I do it you
are a pilgrim in the sack boy
unfortunately folks that's all the time
we have for today but before we go Andy
do have any last comments yes I have
some last comments I cannot believe I
just filmed this subscribe or die
