do you have any idea how jealous a
caveman would be right now what's up
guys this is an update video so if you
don't want to keep it with my channel
don't watch it and this one's going to
come rush because I have to do a bunch
of stuff and get to work so I apologize
this was gonna be skate heavy too um
because I have a big announcement to
make not really a big announcement to
make but like it's kind of exciting to
make his naps mage me first my back it's
been completely on and off like I'd
skated last week and I felt great and
then like just a few days ago I was out
street trying to skate Street and I was
filming my friend and my back started
hurting when I was filming like I felt
your got ripped off I don't know I don't
know by who or for what but honestly
it's like really throw me a bone here
but uh I skated last night and that went
pretty well it didn't hurt at all then
like I won't this morning though it's
not that sore so you know hopefully I'm
good I'll have health insurance to the
first of the year so that kind of sucks
but um you know if I become crippled
I'll let you guys know ah so a lot of
you guys want to see Street footage well
um I don't know if you know but I live
in cincinnati ohio and Cincinnati
winters contain their what they're made
out of is snow ice rain and cold weather
and it sucks so I'm gonna be stuck in a
skate park for most of the winter but
even if I do get out out on a nice day
in skate Street if I land something good
is going to go to my video part so I'm
not gonna be over like I'm not going to
show you guys on my good footage because
I want my video depart to get surprised
um but I will I mean I'll toss you got
some stuff here and there but like I
just bear with me because it's gonna be
a long winter and you guys gonna seen a
lot of skate park footage however I will
have some funny videos coming up so bear
with me you guys won't be bored all
winter last night I skated this gate
park like I said and I talked to two of
my friends and they are with me on
making a video and I will officially be
releasing a video this time next year so
it's going to happen look forward to it
you guys will i'll keep you guys updated
throughout the whole process and you'll
probably start seeing some trailers for
it next year so with that said I'm going
to introduce two of my friends they're
going to be with me on this project you
guys saw him a little bit in my last
video this is West Pritchard
also you can't forget Alex buting
and this is what I failed to do last
night
next week I'm gonna land that but
wrapping this up my website is going to
go up in December there be more
information about like skating you know
my book all that stuff but concerning my
book I was thinking about you know
before publication like maybe offering
like a thing where you can download the
first two or three chapters to give you
guys like a sample of it um if you guys
think that'd be a good idea get down on
your keyboards and freakin say yes or no
you know the usual you um other than
that um what was it oh and I've been
doing consistently doing three videos a
week and I think I'm going to drop down
to two videos a week because I don't
know threes kind of overbearing like a
little much so um if you guys hate me
for that you can feel free to make fun
of me down there and I guess that's wait
what you guys want to see a clip of me
acting like a fool fair enough subscribe
and goodbye
boo daya
fling streeter filming Street skating
yesterday that's the type of crap I do
when I mess up and I want to start over
I just make a weird noise like that I'm
weird I had to like run to catch up the
mill catch up do yet catch up to catch
up with a mailman start over back write
it down get it out no no haha no start
over what what in the heck was that I
just sat down oh it like is that on my
list over here sit down and exhale no
it's not I don't know what I I'm gonna
gets cold and snows all the time so
you're not gonna see a lot of Street
skating and heck at my back if my back
holds out this is assuming my back holds
out you'll see a lot of Street footage
um what's up what did I just say I just
like completely contradicted myself
you're not gonna c street footage but if
my back holds out you'll see street
footage all right okay what's up guys
know who or what why I website when it
comes up when it goes up in December how
much do I have to stutter how much do I
have to stutter how much do I have to
stutter she's been film street you guys
are gonna see be seeing a lock lot I
cannot talk nothing it was you talk
about food am too
