hey what's up guys you can't see me but
I can see you and now I just look stupid
ha ha looks like guys the night-vision
goggles are awesome by the way so if you
don't have a pair of be friggin jealous
this is as always update video so if you
don't want to watch if you want to
follow my channel don't watch it
probably won't be worth your time but um
actually got some actually no sure that
okay you know what even if you don't
want to watch this watch this because I
got some funny stuff I'm gonna start by
making for him two clips I've been going
through a lot of foods in my computer
and the first clip this is a old clip of
me doing a back loop to fakie at a skate
park and I was watching it and the way
people reacted the back look to fakie
was priceless and freaking first washed
clip now you you have to listen to that
again I don't know maybe you have to
have my sense if you were to find that
funny but like more than one person like
then they're like yeah I like claps or
anything whoo you know those are normal
skate things but they're like yeah thank
you it's something like three people I
thought it was funny
so um but my next clip and I think all
you guys are kind of getting the picture
that I'm kind of weird by now so this
probably won't freak you out too much
but a few years back when I had long
ridiculously long black hair I got the
idea I thought it would be really funny
if I just set a camera up and I'm like
ran across in front of it punching the
air well I didn't really go so well and
I've tripped halfway through it and you
can hear it I fall in like a fish tank
which didn't break thankfully but watch
this ridiculousness
and I hope you enjoyed
I don't even have anything to say that
it was just ridiculous
oh wait I just said something different
but odd word I'm done with the random
clips I've got um I've got a list here
guys I've got a list right here and I'm
gonna use it and it's short because it's
short so yeah I'm into video games as
you guys coming down and look we came
out on Sunday BAM
and I went to the store and I was like
this is gonna be a joke he's freaking
red yeah it's amazing and it's Mario I
kind of gotta say anything okay if you
had a we frickin buy this this is it's
Mario you just he's like he's like he
just he's like Google he delivers or
maybe that's the postman I'll let me
know all right um so my back's feeling
all right
it's actually feeling a lot better but
I'm yet to skateboard I'm gonna try out
a few flip tricks outside and I'm gonna
go to the skate park either tonight or
tomorrow and if it's feeling good I'm
gonna go I'm gonna get I'm gonna jump
back in and not be so cautious and I'm
gonna have the next like next week when
I go to this I'll go to the skate park
again because getting all cold and rainy
outside and I'll film it in a hot a
little like session video so it looked
forward to that other than that the
website is coming along it's looking
really good
and I'm trying to brainstorm the first
contest so the first contest will go up
in January because December I'm still
gonna be working on everything on the
website so um I mean that's how long no
I don't I mean other than nothing I have
no idea what I need to talk to you guys
about but you will be happy to know that
I'm about to go embarrass myself on the
internet with a guitar and I'm gonna
sing a song I'm not gonna get seeing the
whole thing I'm just gonna sing a little
bit here because I don't wanna make this
video like super long I'm talking like a
million miles a minute I didn't make
sense but I don't know maybe I'm like
camera shy today I don't know all right
okay I was gonna do a slow song it was
like meant to be playing acoustic guitar
but I just had to live a little I don't
have a name for this this this is I mean
I wrote all this but I don't have a name
for it so I'm not gonna give you a name
yeah well you don't know what you expect
your fire my hand can only reach so far
this time
that was kind of sketchy but um you know
I didn't want to send from the camera
messing up or on a guitar all day so I
just went with it you know I probably
shouldn't just gone with one of my
pretty acoustic songs we're gonna sing
on Isis everything but I didn't time it
with that one that's actually for the
band I'm starting well I'm gonna run it
by the guys hopefully it's for the band
I'm starting and we're thinking about
naming a cardiac trigger what do you
guys think about that name I don't
really have anything else to say so I'm
gonna go and I'm gonna leave you guys
with a clip of I'm gonna scratch my hand
and you guys are watching you have to
watch it you have to like I mean don't
have to you can just stop pause the
video but if you want to see this clip
coming up subscribe and enjoy goodbye
hey Dad
Oh fucker
I don't know what covert operation go it
looks like I have no eyeballs they're
just white like I'm scorpion from Mortal
Kombat if you don't know that and if you
don't know that you're stupid I'm just
kidding you're not stupid I'm gonna go
though bye
