it's not it's our court now it's
recording is that record no it's
recording all right so Mike here he's
doing 50 on this crazy sewer and if you
skateboard you know the 50 where you
like that BAM and the sewer sucked down
in here and if you look there is a life
and death situation with Mike skateboard
it's about to get sucked into this sewer
pit and so uh we got needed my car about
to lasso it at Cowboys
say
good i know my time destroy something so
divine what the heck he was wearing a
red cape right there in fact i think he
was wearing a red shirt in every clip
what the heck is with this kid I don't
know you know what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna get on YouTube and I'm gonna leave
a comment and ask him why he does it LOL
young
that was my throwaway skatepark I'm
gonna finish this video being very angry
sike who says psych anymore that way
that was my throwaway skate park and I
basically used the leftovers from the
part i posted a few weeks ago the stuff
i didn't use for that one um and
actually have a lot left over because i
have a lot of footage on the computer
but um the music was by divinity
destroyed their an excellent band
they're amazing one of my favorites
actually and they were kind enough to
let me use the music so i thank them for
that and if you guys liked it head over
myspace com / divinity destroyed and
send him a friend request and listen to
music I'll throw some links over there
whatever but um well that's it oh you
know what here's a kitten I'm just going
to go ahead and it looks like I'm
petting right now doesn't it man have
you no shame Andy the stupid things you
do on the Internet all right but this is
when you know you're done with the video
you when you do something stupid goodbye
you
