whatever Lisa don't care Dave put you up
to it you owe me coffee tomorrow morning
what a lot sorry uh hey whats up guys um
guess I'll do i guess i'll talk to you
guys while I'm here what's up guys um
same thing as always this is an update
video so if you don't want to further
follow my channels going probably want
to watch it but I'd like to thank you
all for my last something video I got a
lot of good feedback from you guys um
from about the book and whatnot um and
my back is feeling a lot better and like
the second I say back a kind of a
stretch it because it feels freaking
amazing so but um I'm gonna be back in
action with the next week hopefully if I
injured my back again I'm gonna cry I'm
just gonna I'm just gonna start I'm just
gonna go find a corner and cry and just
be that dude but im gonna mature myself
and all because i hate watching the
videos and see my cell phones on but the
next thing you God you guys asked about
my book like what it's about what not um
I'm about to launch any Stratcom
actually can go to it now and as like a
coming soon page and it gives you got
kind of idea what's gonna look like so
i'll put a link over and then more info
section and then i'll put a link at the
end of video or wherever um so check
that out and that's going to have
that'll have a lot of information with
all my products skating writing you know
like just goofy videos i'm actually be
doing monthly giveaways so this is what
you guys will be interested in if your
skateboarder if you're not a
skateboarder i'll be going away like you
know xscape bored sometimes gave our
products ipods i'll be doing a bunch of
cool stuff like every month and maybe
you know maybe more than once a month I
don't know but subtle give you a reason
to actually go to my website and i'll
give you more information when that
comes let me look down on my list here
okay my neck my question where I need
some feedback from you guys is update
videos I did one last week you're
watching one right now I was thinking
maybe baggage to do this every week like
maybe like every wednesday or friday or
something or I just talked to you about
like what's happened with the channel I
act like an idiot and then I can show
you clips then I'd film the past week
I'm not going to use like whatever um
would you guys I mean think that's a bad
idea get on your keyboards down there
and frickin tell me I get it I watch you
every week talking about nothing or no
you know I rather that maybe once in a
while but you're an idiot I don't want
to see you talk that much um so that's
what i need to do good trick and go
comment right now pause the video do
whatever i do tell me yes or no on that
um and speaking of i have a clip that
i'm not going to use because it's really
it's really crappy key for the back
seven fifty fifty at a warehouse so i
will show you that right now i found
this like two weeks ago but um videos to
come I've got another one coming up
friday my head injury video so look out
for that and I got some saw a few plan
for next week I'm actually bout to film
some skits with some friends so look for
those in the next couple weeks oh and
you guys might obscene the headline and
really what the heck he is going to talk
about it at all yeah look what I got
yesterday I didn't even pre-order this I
was just in the right place at the right
time this is prestige edition of modern
warfare 2 i've never really played
online first-person shooters at all so
give me some time and then when i get
have no life and i'm just playing this
all day i will give you my gamertag or
never it's called and you guys can
friggin play me on this if you want to
but i haven't opened it yet it's
freaking I'm scared opening cuz it's
like it's already going on ebay for like
double was really think i don't know but
i've been playing this game actually
this is my favorite you a long time if
you like rpgs get a super nintendo get
this game and play it oh and the game is
called earth bound by the way so with
that said I'm gonna wrap things up make
sure you visit my soon-to-be website and
make sure you get already keyboards down
there and tell me if you want to see
these videos more often so uh and I know
you guys are gonna be like well you know
where your red shirt well you know what
BAM what is that oh yeah exactly see I'm
gonna have a button on this section in
case I need to freakin go Superman just
big boom cuz I'll do it you forgetting
you don't know I'll do it
you
