YouTube what is up guys this guy did his
first ollie
oh yeah you did Ollie at the skate park
ollie it was a skate camp last week it
was such a big moment for him that I
wanted to make it its own video so what
we're going to do is we're going to show
you the footage here then we're going to
go to the skate park and he's going to
try to do it again
what and then I've been telling him for
about two years now you've been trying
it for a long time right that when he
does is first all you finally can have a
new board so yes I'm going to get a new
board
yes I don't know what turn it so we're
going to take you and come along for the
journey and it's gonna be fun isn't it
yeah how about here's the footage of him
doing the ollie
right jump jump higher jump all the same
guys go oh that was good I'm so proud of
you buddy the ground well hey what hey
that's what hard work just doesn't it if
you stuck with it and you did it I love
it
did you see that toast did you see that
successfully in the air wow that was
awesome dude it was weird because when I
saw it I was like I didn't think it was
a first ollie because some of the other
ones that stayed on the ground looked
taller but I played it in slo-mo and
sure enough you did it dude what let's
go try to do it again walk all right I
love you I think I'm going to try to be
Wonder Woman
so 2017 news there's no rules let's go
skateboard to our gas bag that's mine
yeah hey guys messed my board up yeah hi
Mary
you knew that yeah pick your a lot
Canadian oh you watch me edited didn't
you look at you dude you're so
comfortable until until right then
alright let's go over here in the park
all right okay so I have a video on how
to ollie already but I'm going to kind
of give you guys the spiel of how it
works so there's three parts one is
topic your tail down okay
and jumping all at the same time so
you're going to pop and jump and then
when you get into the air you're going
to slide your front foot up the board
that kind of levels your ollie out
now when riding was learning how to
ollie he never really split his foot and
the time that you saw him earlier in
this video when he ollie
he actually hit it hit the board a
little bit and pop the tail up which
made him able to ollie have to get other
things guys yes you do you all pretty
things so Brian's going to try to do it
again if you don't if you don't do it
it's not a big deal you know you just
keep trying and eventually you'll do
them every time
forgotten carefully all right so just
reiterate tap your sail jump and slide
your foot and that's how you do it you
explode it move your front foot up a
little further there you go are you
trying to kickflip so they're like this
high off the ground buddy so it doesn't
look like much and regular motion but
you're going to keep that on you
sometimes when a wrought-iron and a
teaspoon and then I was always over you
it and anything I hey were you ollie
over me you'll get another skateboard
okay okay honor our our would be mooing
that might be tough I don't even think
anyway did that okay dude you wonder
your baby lifts kick down the curb I
want you do it spread your feet out your
feet or together you crazy dinner done
this good whoa that's pretty cool you
didn't get this that close
everybody always screaming I know you're
here you got it just like that baby leaf
trick always right
there you go
hey doodle McDuck well my hand up and I
don't want your fingers I want you to
hate me I want you to turn around on the
skateboard okay
hey boy somebody's me are you ready to
do this all right
hey do it see ya how easy was that sorry
black run example real book back what is
not your stapler with what would this
now okay you better not squash my stuff
boy alright I'll put this right here
alright
oh my gosh whoo you all right here's a
broom
it's just fell into my hands hey dude
just land right here and right here and
you're golden do it like surface yeah
you got this yes I do it Amen on back
and I'll really hate don't push me back
with your space okay don't push me yeah
do it
that did not roll at all okay oh the one
day you start all in gaps you're gonna
be so good at it you look like you're
lying on the beach right what are you
dial on that
oh I gender cubic arrears on here well
we know do you get it and you run away
I'm proud of you yeah and you did good
all right time to go skateboard look at
this I mean KC brought it Oh
oh my gosh that was awesome I see it's
not yours you could use it right now all
right here we go attic whoa all right
now that we're done being sad drag let's
go is our collection now and here the
skate shop headquarters back time well
yeah that's the website but this is just
a straight course I guess powerful
feeling
you mean bulbs what where are they oh
here they are
hell I'll get a board and bolts okay now
hey dude you got to think about this if
it's if you're getting a bigger deck
it's going to be harder to do certain
tricks on it okay
you know that right this is the one your
picks for me Ames brothers - I like that
one it's it's big dude the smallest of
seven 75 year I don't think you're going
to be able to do much on it well we'll
put this on the side in case you really
do want it let's just look around you
will see here's a smaller one this would
be a little easier this is the Aaron
Carter skull deck here's the dug skull
deck do what ya see you need it with
Johnny it's John Hill John Hill oh the
deck I think we got some small ones in
that classic red one this is dad
designed this about a thousand years ago
Nik I just came up with Olney Theatre
Star Wars decks that are not revived
boards eronel revive products well most
of them are revive boards I work so same
thing with that doesn't have a small
size the Cerberus deck Johnny oh it's
that one you want this one this is
smaller you want that one yeah so Johnny
Cerberus Jack is the final answer yes
area powerful yes you do there you go
I'm not sure how fast he's going to use
this deck because like I said when he's
learning we have like a junior sized
board right now for him that works
really well but when you set up
sometimes you can make any here about it
you could we could do a setup video
again you did earn this nobody okay you
did the drop in that took a long time to
get your other deck and dis you tried
the ollie for a good year and a half
didn't you yeah two years year and a
half I don't know hey I'm proud of you
buddy I'm very proud of you
alright well thank you guys for watching
this I had to do a video on him doing
his first ollie they're not that far off
the ground but you did do it and they're
only going to get better from here okay
I'm getting Cambria that's a good plan
mhm yeah there's a bunch right there so
thank you guys for watching this I do
videos here all the time and he's in a
bunch of them of course always he kind
of lives with me he's my son so uh yeah
tuning guys is there subscribe button
right down there I can just hit that
button and your son over to see more
from me and yeah I make a lot of videos
so so stay tuned Ryder Pratt if you had
to give them one piece of ice alone
Holly what would it be and khakis Christ
I'm not gonna argue that would I without
help
Cap'n Crunch is delicious yes so it's
good on you Ahana we know I'm the hide
oh holy God is too scary
hey watch for the bonus clip reading wow
I'm going to punch this box out of the
stack okay where you can try you can
push that one nope nope nope you got to
do it in one go dude watch watch watch
watch one go alright try it what oh you
two you did pretty good though you
almost got it
you
