what's up guys this is just an update
video so if you don't really want to
follow where my channel is going don't
watch it Oh probably waste your time but
first thing I was I injured my back
yesterday and I I was just rolling up to
the sentencer handrail I was warming up
on and I was rolling out too and I just
fell over and like severe pain it was
horrible um this has happened before it
it wasn't it didn't last that long so
hopefully be back in action within a
week or two I'm walking again so that's
kind of good it was like that was like
hunched over walking like an idiot like
the whole day yesterday but I did get
two clips of my friends skating this the
rail this is max Maybury everyone
but there are two things I wanted to
address and I've some questions I want
to ask you first thing and if you guys
have been watching my videos for like as
long as I've been posting them you
already know these two things but um
most of you probably don't I'm actually
a writer and and everybody's like wow
this guy is not smart enough to write
anything well I've written four books
actually and one of those books it's
like a coming-of-age story it's like my
story growing up has to a skateboarding
girls like the part of your life and
whatnot
it's gonna be published within a year
and my question to you guys is would you
four you can read that I mean that's all
your readers out there would you read my
book
I've had a lot of people were you don't
have to be into skateboarding you don't
have to you know you can be a
skateboarder and on skateboarding meet
anybody any age and enjoy this book I
think so right down there in the
comments get on your keyboards and
freakin click some buttons and say yes
you know you can read that and my second
the second thing is that I'm a musician
you guys might have seen some of my
videos but um here I have some original
songs I'm actually starting a band with
a couple of friends but that's not gonna
get underway til next year but do you
guys want to see me make a fool of
myself in this guitar if so get on your
keyboards again and freakin type yes or
no down there but don't just say yes
like if you're gonna say yes say yes to
either like this is yes to that or
yesterday or yes to both or no debate
with whatever but rock on I got some
videos coming up for you guys I got one
of them a head injury I almost died I
hit my head skateboarding really badly
and I almost died I have a video on that
coming out next week and I also have
video of Duncan what do I have videos of
Duncan's a dog by the way he's walking
on my room right now here right here
come on come on Duncan everybody want to
see a timeline all right my video stupid
skateboarding Falls I have collected
over the over the years of my friends
own so with that said watch out for my
website coming out soon and add me on
Twitter I have I did that I did the
freaking tweeter Twitter thing its
twitter.com slash
Andy shrub which I like to get Twitter
you know I'm doing it because that's
just what you're supposed to do right
but uh it's just take a piece of
Facebook some guys like a Facebook I'm
gonna freakin put this over here make it
a different site alright it's just
status updates so it is right dunk he's
standing like he's freaking leo Lou
Leonardo DiCaprio I said Hanna Disney
isn't he I
that's that guys I don't know this is
just this business just didn't have
enough energy did it
I promise I'll be back to my usual
antics dude dude back to my usual antics
soon Oh back o back o back
update videos so though he's like why'd
you just do that why I like I don't even
know why I did that man it was just one
of those things you know I was like I'm
on the internet I'm gonna laugh like an
idiot
