what's up guys this is the second half
of the first ever YouTube survey I want
to thank everybody who asked a question
whether it was YouTube or Facebook or
whatever um I am sorry to those who I
did not pick their questions I didn't
get to answer them all but I tried to
pick questions that answer like you know
generally answer a lot of the other
questions too so with that said I guess
I will get right into it here we go
first question
I started skateboarding uh really I
didn't met it mean to start
skateboarding because my kid I used to
it wasn't really like he wasn't my enemy
but he used to make fun of me all the
time he brought a skateboard up to the
comic shop we used to hang out as kids
all the time and from then it kind of
just like happened it was like here and
you know within a week of him brain that
skateboard the comic shop I had a board
my own and we were skating like every
day so it just happened
I have been skating for 11 years now and
I will continue to skate until I cannot
because I could never quit skating even
if I tried
hey hey look we got some pink lemonade
cool it right here guys want some all
right
my first ball
was crooks skateboard shop in Riverside
California which they're still out there
so if you live in SoCal head over there
and give him a shout out um then I but
soon after that I got on impulse
skateboards navigator trucks and pts
shoe company which when I went to
college there's all kind of faded away
some of the companies fell apart but
then ever since then I've got like I've
had too much on my hands like really
like juggle sponsors um so I I have been
I've actually turned down like I think
two in the past like a year or two but
right now I'm sponsored 'less so if
anybody wants to give me an offer
here we are
yes I have a girlfriend we've been
together about seven months now um she
yes she's hot she doesn't really care
about me being on YouTube she's really
supportive about it she shows through my
videos promotes me where she can but I
mean I usually fill my videos when she's
at work so something like gets in the
way of us or anything I mean that I'm
busy and she's she's kind of busy too
and so we haven't run schedule but like
doesn't get the way you know it's cool
and yes I love her I do let me go to the
next question now though bye
ever felt hands down there was a
freaking window sell a windowsill and
the window didn't have it like it had to
have these holder things to keep it in
place and those fell out and the window
just came flying down right on my finger
and oh my gosh I was like I was
screaming I was screaming the F word as
loud as I could like it was it was like
I don't know why but fingers and toes
are like hands down like I've had some
bad injuries but this is there was the
worst ever I ran to the bathroom and
just like held my hand
it was my middle finger actually so I'm
not trying to flip you guys off I held
my hand underwater and my dog at the
time actually ran in there because he
was scared for me screaming he was like
all curled up in the bathtub like just
this is like whining and I and I was
just like oh my gosh and then my
fingernail actually fell off just
completely fell off two days later it
was gross I played the guitar but it did
get me out of two days work that was
pretty cool because I worked my hands at
the time so next question
have I ever kicked an a no no I have not
kicked an egg yet
oh hey Twix
like Halloween all over again yes yes I
have kicked an egg
okay I'm not going to answer that
because the next question has to do with
that fall so instead I will show you a
very bad quality clip of me smacking my
face on the concrete
okay so yes I had a very very very
life-threatening fall when I was 16 and
instead of answering the question to
talk about it I'm just I have a footage
from the dad that it happened and
there's like backstory to and everything
so I'm just going to make within the
next few days I'll make a video about
the head injury so stay tuned tan to get
the info on that one guys next question
BAM
doing engines I have a problem with is
the freaking Foot Clan okay you guys can
just screw off
well I mean look I mean I got the
training stored right here and then I
got the real business right here and
then I got some like you know some some
air right here so I'm not gonna give you
a number but you know I mean business
you know I'm saying playing my bane
goodbye next question
kind of and I'm not believe that that
she should instead of answer this
question just gonna stutter for a while
and then I just tell your the next
question
the next official skate video will come
out fall 2010 and I promise you that it
will I do not know who is going to be in
it um but I know I will be in it so that
answers that I'm going to be training
this winter and I'm going to have I'm
gonna go straight to the streets summer
or the spring and summer um with that
said I guess you know what I guess
that's that's the end of the survey I
mean I got all my notes right here and I
think I pretty much nailed what you guys
wanted to know oh you know you know what
a few a few you guys asked questions
about red shirts alright here's what
here's a sample of them
so you guys have noticed a little bit I
have been wearing a red shirt every day
since I began skating actually um that's
eleven years in a row of wearing a red
shirt every day I will not wear another
color shirt unless like I wear an over
shirt or a hoodie or like a button-up
but I won't wear like another color
t-shirt and like if I do it's like it's
for work or something
and if I do I have to wear a different
color shirt I will have a red one
underneath so there's always this is the
first piece of clothing that goes in my
body okay the red shirt has to go and
then everything else I probably have
some sort of world record for that I
don't know if somebody wants to award me
with that like I'll take it and it's
funny though because all you all you
guys want to know the reasoning behind
it um and the reason it's pretty it's
pretty crazy and I've never really told
anybody
it all started when I
what is this weird or something
