hello hello what's up guys um big
announcement to make
and that it this is not working this is
not working it's just it's missing
something you know it's like I just
don't fit Oh actually you know what here
it is I'm gonna film this video with a
samurai sword that makes me feel better
about it there we go
um big announcement to make alright I
have hit 1000 subscribers and I have
only you guys to thank so thank you by
all means but I said I was gonna do two
things when I hit 1000 subscribers one
of those I can't do I'm about to launch
a website and when I do I'll have some
exclusive videos there the one thing
that I can't do has music that's
copyrighted so I'm gonna put it up there
and I hope that's okay
but the other thing it is the first
YouTube survey um I don't think it's the
first I didn't do any research at all I
didn't even search on YouTube but it
taken five seconds but I didn't um but I
did it to grab sufficient some people if
you may um hopefully I don't like it
slice my face off with this like like
hey guys I have a survey to make um but
uh yes so what I want you guys to do I
want you to put in a comment down there
you can message me if you want to keep
it anonymous ask me any question you
want
you know I will pick like 20 different
questions out of them all if you guys do
20 there's gonna be crickets when I do
this like I really feel like I don't
care but I'll ask me any question maybe
like a 10 15 20 questions and I'll
answer them for my next video but I've
got some more videos coming so stay
tuned and with that said I'm gonna go
fight some ninjas goodbye
