what's up guys I'm gonna do this video
backwards the entire time I'm just
kidding i wouldnt do this you guys
alright so this isn't really this isn't
the vlog this isn't skating this isn't
the skid this is this is nothing really
interesting unless you want to follow my
youtube channel so uh it's like an
update basically what's going on in the
world of me if you may I made a list
because I'm organized and right here is
a math here's my finances for my bank
account so there's a list at finances
you don't care about the finances but
the list the first thing on it is what's
up what's up with that said I'm gonna go
to number two there's me change of on my
channel and if I want to go any further
with my youtube channel I might have to
get rid of all the compromise of music
so believe it or not there's a lot of
copyright music in my videos none of the
big ones are going to go and none of the
recent ones are going to go but a lot of
my older ones especially the vlog so you
know those are only have a lot of hits
if you guys care to watch them before
they go go watch them because within the
next week they're gonna be gone um and
that's brings another point my skating a
lot of my skate parts have copyright
music in it so they're going to go to
what I'm gonna do to replace this I'm
going to be making a really big like I'm
take all the footage of having this
computer which dates back very far and I
have some recent stuff and I'll throw
some reeses stuff in it but I'm gonna
make it like an ultimate youtube video
park if you mean how it sounds really
stupid but yes there it is the ultimate
to youtube skateboarding part for me um
and I'll do that and if there's some
stuff that makes the cut i'll just make
another bulk like like junk footage like
throw away footage as they call it um
but you know that said or one more thing
i did a guitar hero skit it's called
master guitar hero um and I when I
filmed it back in the day I didn't think
I was any special so I didn't blow it on
YouTube and my friend who did it with me
he did it and somebody saw that on his
channel they're like dude that's
hilarious you know you should use that
so I did I put it up re edited and I
chopped off the end of it which kind of
messes the story up a little bit but you
get the idea um but if you guys have
seen that you give me some feedback
because people like it you know they
don't tell me it's hilarious and if you
guys really do like it if you go watch
it if you haven't tell me what you think
of it and I'll keep that skit going and
I'll maybe
I'll do another episode and maybe you
know I'll revamp it um and maybe keep
going with it if not um you know tell me
that it was not the spinning top of that
and I'm a I'm a big dude I could take it
so with that said the last thing on my
list is later and that's it I promise
the next video will be a little more
entertaining so I'm gonna go and my uh
my girlfriend's gonna say goodbye you
guys say goodbye I'll feel like I'd hear
you scream it be like bye that was not
screaming look by say kids scream can
you buy it can't be can do when she gets
matched and screams she got screaming
she's lying you guys say bye bye bye bye
you're was goodbye
