welcome Alex hakuna to force wheels his
footage speaks it does I do not need to
say anything about how talent he is a
skateboarding but I'm so good
I've known Alex for a long time I'm just
online I've been following him I've
talked to him here and there and he's a
genuine person and he literally gets
better every single time he sits on the
board I can't even imagine what he's
gonna be doing in a year or two
welcome to seam dude we were so happy to
have you all so good news is that alex
is going to be involved in the upcoming
force video that we already started
filming it's going to DVD and selected
road download it's like a skate video
made throughout like four or five
different city trips new york wanna
he'll be on the New York trip so watch
out for that but also in the meantime
we'll try to get some content here maybe
we'll have him out to Ohio we will see
he does live in Europe so it's gonna be
it's not easy as just like telling him
to come over not quite no it's not easy
but we'll make it happen and tonight the
new force of spring line to launch this
tonight at the strike force calm and
then skate shop so should be arriving
within the next week or so at your
little skate shop if your local skate
shop doesn't carry it just ask him to
you know we always want you to support
your local scene that's it well welcome
Alex Brian thanks for wearing the same
shirt as me no problem dude we didn't
mean to do that but you can get that
shirt there's good tonight at midnight
later guys
to shapes okay we've got more of the
wheels in this but to shapes to shapes
this spring only one will will be
victorious yeah I think I'm gonna put my
money on the new guy does look at it
just look at its different
