hello hello this is a skateboarding
video obviously going through your
comments here and there I've noticed
that you guys asked about recent footage
sometimes I do have reason footage but
but I'm saving it for the next video
part
I don't wanna really want to be released
so what I've done is I've came up with a
montage of stuff above almost Landin
which some I might have land and you
don't even know but um just be
mysterious so here it is here's a little
montage of tricks that I almost landed
that hopefully will all be in my next
video part with that said I'm gonna roll
the tape but uh at the end of this keep
watching because there's like I cannot
talk from the camera today and there's
like a whole montage of me sucking and
talking for the camera so enjoy guys
goodbye
oh yeah
Oh
you
okay so to all your viewers who keep up
with my skateboarding what did I do that
it makes you wonder why did I do that
all right
true or what's up guys um you a lot of
you guys throughout in my comments I'm
gonna stop right there and go backwards
to start again looking am I looking good
am I looking good guys stupid
ah all right kind of loud in it all
right here we go all right so guys uh
this is um no gosh I can't freakin do
this and they amazes me how bad I am at
this after how long I've done this okay
acting acting face on I just shoot
myself in the face okay hi sup guys um
okay so this is a skateboarding one
obviously this time what's up guys
alright so I you might have noticed that
I think I just post this video of me
trying to record this
