hello live Internet I have not done a
vlog for a very long time
so naturally I have a lot to say but
instead of saying that to you I have a
sore foot and ankle I'm gonna use icy
hot the pain or leaving balm that just
soothes your aching muscles I'll talk to
you guys what I'm doing at this that's
not all awkward like I what do I do here
what he's putting icy hot on his frickin
foot this stuff rocks by the way and so
you might notice something different
about my face right now and if you said
does he have glasses on that's correct
I usually not wear glasses in vlogs but
believe it or not there's something else
different about my face and that is that
I have a beard beards are pretty dumb
I've been shaving like a week and a half
but and I don't like I'm getting to the
point I just don't want to shave you
know but at the same time beards are
just stupid they look make one they make
you look like you're 80 years old too
they make it look like Bry names and
three they itch like face and oh why
don't you just going to screen saver
mode computer by the way I got a new Mac
Pro that's pretty cool and you know what
this is stupid
you got a like after you touching using
this stuff you gotta use you gotta wash
your hands because anything it touches
it goes all crazy numb and hot and
whatever so like you're like freaking
touch your nose and eye your nose like
her so gosh on that note I'm gonna go
into the other room and run my hand
through water but I'm gonna sing while I
do it
I'm going into the other room you're
gonna put my hand in some water yeah oh
gosh okay and here's the defining moment
I'm gonna take the glasses off and you
will see my eyeballs for the first time
in a long time it's disappointing isn't
it
you might notice that I'm in a new room
yeah my moving situation has been
incredibly stupid lately and and this
room's bigger so I have to like talk
loud so you guys can hear me the
ambience sucks a few minute but I'm
alright so I did a vlog and I just
thought it sucked so I'm redoing it
some pizzazz to it if you may have a
list and I'm not gonna use it but I'm
holding in front of me as if I'm using
it so it makes me feel better about
myself
I'm back the first part of my list says
I'm back so I'm back second part of my
list is move down to the bottom so I'm
gonna go to okay so I'm just gonna put
this in the side and I'm gonna talk
alright so the last year of my life I
went through like a huge change last
July I've said it probably in my last
people I don't remember and it's been a
while since believe it or not I don't
watch my old vlog so I don't know really
what I've send them but um since last
July the last year of my life what if
whatever has been like it's been crazy
like it's like a new Andy if you maybe
like I guess I've grown a lot better the
same way like I've realized just how
much I am the same and like so like I've
changed a lot and that change being that
I'm the same person that makes no sense
at all you guys and I know but it makes
sense to me so I'm gonna I'm just gonna
go with that and it's kinda it's kind of
been like a second puberty except has
nothing to do with my body so rock on
I'm like I guess my like first midlife
crisis or something on it Simon midlife
crisis frickin icy hot fall over my pond
so yeah well I've gone through a lot of
changes and in my life has been
absolutely insane and crazy and I'm back
I'm back on the live internet finally
again so this is yeah this is basically
like my my video like hey I'm alive I've
been doing a lot more videos I have a
lot more time myself to do video to
skate whatnot and I'm making more money
than I used to so that's pretty cool
that's like that's you know you're doing
something with right and you have more
time free time and you're making more
money so with net said yeah like so
basically this is this is just like the
introduction this isn't even a real vlog
it's just like them hey Andes there's
Andy is live if you guys remember me but
so yeah before I do my outro and like
start talking about stupid serious stuff
I'm gonna there's some cool stuff that I
have to say there's this TV show that of
course the DVDs all the way over there
that my friend Eddie introduced me to
and I got to reroute this to you guys
it's eastbound and down
it is hilariousness like if you're young
like you know if you like 12 like maybe
you should wait a while its are like
twelve and a half to watch this or
something
because it's got some curse words and
stuff in it if you may and stuff like
that that are that's for adults like as
if an adult's actually grow up and can
take this mature stuff but uh it's dude
it's it's like it is hilarious the Danny
McBride this is like the best thing he's
ever been it's fantastic so watch that
secondly Harry Potter and the half-blood
Prince came out and I don't I think you
guys know if you guys have watched my
videos you know you know how I feel
about everybody so um if you haven't
seen it you're stupid go watch it and by
stupid I'm not trying to insult you but
you're dumb go watch it it's pretty good
they left out like the whole climactic
action sequence in the end but which I
have no idea why but um but on that the
movement rocked like it was pretty
pretty solid and then there's this is
kind of old but there's a new CKY album
out they came out like May or something
or evil on them and it is ridiculously
good
it is amazing so go buy that if you
haven't released at least at least
listen to it you know I'm saying but
alright with that said I'm going to say
this I have a big goal and I'm not even
gonna tell you because I got to be
mysterious about it alright um and in
three years I will tell you if that goal
and succeeded or not but you guys can
help me get closer that goal okay by
subscribing to me all right
and I mean that like if you already
haven't like you should be you should
just just not be unsubscribe if that
makes sense just freaking click the
button wherever it is click the button
and then tell your mom's and your dad's
and your like grandma's and your Hanson
everybody just tell everybody the free
zone subscribe because then like and
then they'll tell their aunts they'll be
like you know their hand will tell your
freaking grandma and then you grab them
all so you're all your old lady friends
and then like I'll just be like the
biggest you in the world so um yeah
subscribe that's what you guys can do to
help and on August 3rd 2012 before the
world ends or whatever I will tell you
guys if I have succeeded in this goal
but other than that I'm back I'm gonna
be skating a lot more to see more of
that I'll throw a few junk clips to end
this of skating and I don't think I had
them any outtakes I like I tried to do
the whole thing and you know I like roll
into the vlog but well I'll put that the
end and I'll show you how that went yeah
but other than that I am freakin back
and I don't know what more can I say
so with that said I'm gonna go prepare
you know expect some new videos coming
at you and expect some new videos coming
at you and I'm gonna go so here is that
the one blooper and whatever escape
stuff I could come up with goodbye
all right for those you can't see the
ground it's carpet and you can't really
rule on carpet you're rolling chair
