hello just a warning if you are too
manly to watching video about love then
fix the box whatever if it's over there
or there depending on if you have a Mac
or PC but for those of you who watch my
vlogs on YouTube you kind of follow my
life a little bit probably of the
randomness that I talk about it at least
but um something happened like about
three months ago that I've completely
not talked about on here and it was like
it's a huge thing so I'm talking about
now um three months ago and and on like
three months ago and then before that I
was the happiest I've ever been in my
whole life
and that's because of a girl I had a
girlfriend that changed my life she made
me realize I had never been in love
before with anyone else and it like it
just she it made me wonder how how I
could enjoy life up until the moment
that I'd been involved with her so like
I mean I did everything I could for this
girl like I loved her to death I I did
literally whatever it took to put a
smile on her face you know and it was it
was great like we it was the best time I
like like I said but it ended of course
and I wasn't because I screwed up it was
because of her own personal reasons but
I like I didn't talk about like I was
going through a lot especially like
December in January and and I didn't
talk about it on the Internet but it
I've come a long way and I want to talk
about it so but mainly what I want to
say it's actually a must-play song that
I wrote during this period so it'll make
a little more sense why I'm talking
about this before something um but it's
made me maybe do a lot of thinking and a
lot of people out there take take each
other for granted a lot you know like
couples always have stupid arguments and
like just like destroy them like just
arguments here and there like
friendships like how many how many
people have been friends with somebody
and then stop being friends with them
just because some stupid thing one
person can't get over you know so what
I'm saying is that before I play the
song don't take people for granted you
know like today why don't you take a
ticket I ticked a few seconds every day
call your girlfriend a boyfriend
and tell them just to tell them you love
them you know like call up a friend and
like people say like hey dude you know
thanks for being a good friend like we
don't do that enough in life you know if
you've got a hatchet to bury if you may
um do it it's really not worth losing
someone really important in your life
whether it be a boyfriend a girlfriend
you know just a friend a part of your
family like do it do it it takes you
know bury your hatchets call call up
somebody you know just to just to maybe
that make their day you know just just
be more thankful for you you have in
your life as I'm saying and if you're uh
one of the people that just don't really
open up too much and if you're if you're
a guy watching this that's probably you
just forget that for a moment and be
expressive because not not enough people
do that and like not enough people
realize what they have so with that said
my little spiel I've got the song this
was I'm probably gonna mess this up so
I'm gonna have to cut tape and and show
you the real bird when I finally get it
recorded this is this song I wrote it
during the most heartbreaking mode my
life and it was originally named a girl
and her star named Ruby but that's kind
of long so I named it a girl her star
and I have Duncan here to to hang out
while I sing it
hands off myself and life walking every
sort of Road trying to find the one that
makes me feel I'm not alone
hands off myself searching any sort
of path until I see those painful eyes
the smile
I'll say don't stop until you girl with
sandals and there's no way to founders
don't let go whenever don't tell the let
go
found the girl I need the stars the sky
when you found her don't let go
whenever don't ever let go and I'll lose
myself in line pull my hair out at night
when she's getting ready 10 minutes
before Nobita
but it's times like these I must keep
calm and pass the test because I'd
rather fight with her than laughs in
style with the rest I say don't stop
until you know found the girl with
sandals in there's no way to found you
don't let go when you have her tones let
go stars in the sky wait founders don't
let go which ever tones ever let go and
not your back man my raise above things
up just like camping like but in the jar
for endless days at the bluesman fart
bowl if I could go back I would under
that same story sky on the bed
can you help I'm Arne and I held your
hand and I hope you understand it's me
that knows your hand I'll say don't stop
until you know you found the girl with
sandals in the snow when you find your
stars in the sky there it is
so stop watching videos on your net call
someone ever mean something to you and
tell goodbye
