oh yeah clean the desk clean the desk oh
yeah I'm cleaning the desk I'm gluing
the desk a lot of you might wonder why
than the desk and it's because it's
dirty but while I'm doing it I might as
well talk to you guys a lot of law so I
was planning on doing a vlog much
earlier than this one yes that was um
but what happened is my body decided to
try to murder me
and I came down with a sore throat I
thought it was an innocent sore throat
at first it wasn't it was me he turn
into his stuffy nose real fast okay so I
sort of these spots are coming undone I
had a sore throat yeah I had a stuffy
nose and I was like okay it's rather
cold and then I could finally feel like
I'm getting a rumble let us have a truth
oh no no it's not I wake up one morning
and my eyes I cannot see okay so imagine
that waking up and your eyes are just
like I'm doing that hi I do the thing
and then I go in the bathroom and I
realize wow something's wrong with my
eyeballs and yes there they're all red
and and weird
they're weird you're like they look like
I got punched in the eyeball or
something they're up so I went to the
grocery store and I got my scene which
gets redness out of eyes and moisturizes
um and you know it got to read this out
but it didn't really work the next day
they still looked all stupid but this is
the third day and they still look a
little weird but I'll never go to tell
the vlog but I'm I am working on a full
recovery guys so that is the
introduction of my look this desk is a
top really clean but it's going to do
for now okay I'll just pull it I said
where you can't see it and welcome to my
blog this isn't uh well not that any of
my vlogs are important
but this is really an important blog I'm
on spring break and basically my spring
break is going to consist of work at my
job and it's going to system video games
right over there that TV right there
okay there's the messiness of my room
struck me crazy like I don't know how
I'm inside of that messy you might look
missing you guys because you saw from
the cameras point of view but I look at
it right now look at that so work video
games and writing I'm going to I'm going
to pick up in two days and I'm going to
write a lot and I'm going to try to get
some more Cory targets so on that note
you're like wow okay so that's all you
have to say what do you do of this vlog
well I've got to practice my bass guitar
and feed the ferrets and if you're
Punk's you probably can't like him
probably gonna feed Punk's a little too
no it's not even time to feed her but
she wanted me so I wasn't never snack so
go around the camera get off its tripod
that's where I was cleaning day I was
like I was cleaning the desk oh yeah put
her I'm logged in as that of days
checked it I checked really the first
time in like a year not a year but like
long it's been it's been a long time and
there's a bunch of hot WebKit girls that
we're single and wanted to talk to me oh
my gosh I still hit the record button on
the camera how stupid do I look pretty
dumb don't I all right let's go this is
he's the there's hyperox hi friends this
is oh wait you guys got to meet Brody
this is Brody the dog you never matter
I'm gonna pet her head right now hey
Brody Hey
okay so that's birdie the dog she's
being lazy right now and then here's my
living room in my apartment I told you I
wasn't gonna give you a I think a few
vlogs ago maybe was last vlog I was like
I'm not going to give you a tour of the
apartment but this is my living room and
you're gonna probably really whoa he's
rich dude none of this is mine
except that skateboard right there but
here just to give you here I'm gonna
give you a bird's-eye view coming
through here that's the best room that I
got clean soon okay so I'm staying on
Bryan's this is Brides mrs. muffin
my room is Brian's record player and I'm
standing on it so there's that hey I
need a lens
there's the bird's eye view of this room
um Brian decided to take a load out and
he spent like six thousand dollars on
know they like three thousand dollars on
all this stuff excluding the dog he
didn't buy that no did he Brady okay so
here and warning okay guys warning
I hit something stupid okay warning this
is a very messy room it's this it's like
the moving room the storage room but we
haven't unpacked it plus where that's
where we put our trash before it goes
out to the curb look how look how messy
this is yeah and you're probably you'll
be like hey why is there a coffin there
and I'm not going to explain that so
oh by the way guys meet my roommate
Ronnie what do you say Brent northbrook
are you I can break into her house yeah
so gorillas can okay that this is a
little work
apartment this is only this is on a live
internet right it's on the live okay I'm
not dead to that out you're our she just
put beeps yeah I will
alright back to my log bye whoa I'm
dizzy is where I practice base
I don't know this would be tall enough
yep my head is up here and my body's
down here let's fix it guys try over
here didn't intend to hit the den and
engine here we are I'm going to play
some base practice base for the epidemic
that's what doing practicing the
basically love
Oh
Oh
so that was me practicing bass let's go
inside oh wait no ferret time fair time
fair let's go in this crazily dark room
it's actually pretty light in the camera
grab now it's a little bit much
this is they're drunk they don't get as
much for lunch time guys um whoa it's
got a hard over the north at hand
okay so ferret time all right
ferret feeding time and they're eating
dedicate intend oh yeah whatever okay
punks dude tu-tu-tu-tu-tu-tu palm to the
pom pom pom those funds okay okay yes so
let's say good bye Brady on Petter again
guys you poor baby baby baby baby baby
get it did you did boom very good buddy
buddy buddy dog bird dog kitten so yeah
that's pretty
once again pointless log no app tanks
I'm sorry no it takes it all so I'm on
the side maybe next time I'll do a more
serious blog I don't know you know it's
been a while since I'm not a serious
blog but um I don't know actually I'm
going to be on sir there's to be serious
locking up but it won't be high for a
few months but okay so
that's it yeah that's it guys
goodbye
my brain remaining
baby
