usually what is up guys this is a little
different video that I've ever done but
I recently just try to diet a new diet
and it has worked extremely well I lost
10 pounds in 10 days and I was like you
know what this might help some people
out there so I want to tell you guys
exactly how I did it and I'm going to go
about my day a little bit so even if
you're not here for the diet aspect
you'll get some content but before I
tell you exactly how I did it I'm going
to take you guys along for my morning in
the start of my day I'm going to the gym
to lift some weights which is actually
no big deal at all and I'll explain
later
first out of the day Jim tell me I'm
going to someone actually named Jim
there might be someone named Jim they're
not alone all right so it is a gym day I
do it every other day during the week I
like lifting weights way more than I
thought I was going to be because I
don't know there's just some weird thing
with lifting weights I feel like a lot
of people like really like it like they
have to show you they have to like post
social media of them like yeah at the
gym bruh which is fine
I'll good if you're one of those people
but uh I don't know I do enjoy it's much
better than like running or doing like
crunches and push-ups at home also I
started my day look at this cat scratch
cat scratch that's a bad one just my god
has never scratched me at all and I was
holding him today and he freaked out he
saw like a ghost or something and I was
in my boxers so I was practically naked
and he just cut me to pieces so cool
maybe I'll do a video on how to get it
goes down to your house I think they
already made that is called Ghostbusters
all right I'm gonna go lift weights
alright show that it didn't take me that
long to move about 15-20 minutes my arms
are kind of dead right now so something
has something good happen breakfast next
up immediately
I a lot of times cooking myself today
I'm in a rush I'm gonna go grab a cheese
and egg purchasing box from Starbucks
let's do this
this is exactly what happened when jay-z
released his last album because alright
we got the egg and she's protein box we
got ice black coffee that's what I'm
doing it might sound boring but it's not
bad I'm a super easy eater though I like
pretty much anything gotta check it for
shells because that just happened 4n
suxxx danyay well might actually be
leaving it behind because of why
how you doing toast you are playing not
play looks like you do
oh my gosh you are following the aren't
you chose I always running now wow he's
in a good mood alright so I ate two two
eggs the two pieces of cheese and a
little bit of fruit out of this and I am
done I'm going to save the rest for
somebody else to eat or myself later on
I don't know I was usually be going to
work right now but I have a meeting with
the bank so I'm going to do that get
that done get to work I'm going to tell
you guys exactly all the details how I
do this but for now when you get dressed
and leave leave my house and you're just
going to sleep here all day
do you either get snow to play with you
I think that's dawn for yes Jordan
Dolphy be able to go be good you would
go peepee I'm leavin ridin at yard the
rest rest look you got peanut butter
bread you got grapes here apples oh yeah
and then you have toast you really wants
to play look it's looking oh my god
thanks 9 right yeah you can have it for
lunch or whatever you want all right I'm
going I'll see you after working I love
you I'm thinking I know I can't what do
we do
he bc my piety by you saw me saw your
fire chisel all right I love you I'd be
good yeah have fun I'm gonna suggest
plans well I doubt that bar okay you're
gonna to ocean to keep the power chip
forever don't you
I'm sitting in a dark parking garage
because my business partner brine Ames
is not here yet which is weird just
usually gets places before me
done with the meeting that was good
meeting I now understand more about what
I'm doing with that bank account but now
I'm going back to the office I'm going
to eat some lunch and then I'm going to
tell you guys all about how I lost this
weight and get some exercise in which in
my life it's usually skateboarding so
I'm going to do okay I'm at work I'm
gonna tell you guys all how I did this I
want to first say that this is how I did
this I know I'm going to get so many
suggestions on what I'm doing wrong what
I'm doing right bla bla bla but it's
working for me it's working really
effectively and I feel good so I'm gonna
keep doing this because I know works not
trying to give you guys scientific
evidence on what you should do so this
is purely just to tell you what worked
for me in hopes maybe it can help
somebody find out what works for them if
you're so if you're looking for a leg
advice from an actual nutritional as ice
just go to them but if not if you're
like a laid-back dude like me that just
likes try things here you go if you're
just here for the lifestyle stuff not
for the diet stuff skip ahead and I will
be doing some cardio which is
skateboarding and then I'll go home and
stuff and finish this video up but right
now what gets me let's get some learned
okay I was Ricky from trailer park boys
would say alright so first I have always
been really good at losing weight
relatively quickly I have a paradise
trip with my wife but in a few weeks
here at the end of July and I was like
oh my gosh alright I give you like a
crazy person this year I've got to slim
down I'm going to be on the beach okay
gotta split now so I researched how to
lose weight fast and there was some key
points that I'd like found on some of
these lists I found on sites from Google
and I used some of them and it worked it
worked so well I lost 10 pounds in 10
days I even had a cheat day in the
middle of that and then since you know
I've continued on I've had a few cheat
days and I bounced back really quickly
like my body is burning fat faster than
ever right now and it's pretty awesome
because I love food not like eating junk
food I like all that stuff I like
healthy stuff too don't get me wrong but
I like you know I pop
buttered popcorn us at the best thing in
the whole world before I do this I was
drinking like coffees with a cream and
like Splenda like a Splenda was a better
thing I was eating just sugars in
general and that was the biggest thing I
changed is on the list said no sugars so
I didn't do soldiers I took out sugars
immediately another tip was that I drank
a glass of water half hour before every
meal I did that and I don't know if
that's the thing that's working but I've
been doing it if it's a part of the
elements like that's like one of the
elements I guess I also was going to
give up caffeine because I heard that's
a good thing to do and then actually one
of the things that helps you lose weight
apparently is drinking caffeine so
instead of having my cream and Splenda
coffee I would just been doing black
coffee which it doesn't taste as good
but I'm fine I'm durable I drink it and
it worse
it doesn't rate and then of course we
actually comes my diet I'm not a picky
person general so it says concentrate on
proteins and veggies you know specific
types of veggies to stay away from
certain types of fruits like fruits are
good but there's certain fruits that are
better for this and not so I mean look
that up to you're googling with anything
in life and figure out what's better so
I've just been eating a lot of grilled
chicken and salmon and I play with Wi
salt and pepper and I don't think too
much when it comes to that type of stuff
but I stay away from sugars that is the
only thing that I was very adamant about
and it's been relatively easy just doing
no sugar because you can get grilled
chicken pretty much anywhere and you can
get veggies to go along with it and then
you of course could just cook it home
like cook some eggs for breakfast and
I've heard you know I make some eggs and
I put some cheese on it is fantastic so
those are the main things I did
differently when it comes to my diet no
sugar that's the biggest one I do a
glass of water before each meal I kept
drinking caffeine and it made sure with
black coffee and then I concentrated on
protein and veggies all the time some
delicious protein concentrate things I
would do like pepperoni and hummus
you know grilled chicken and salsa like
just I get experimented with it I love
food it was super easy it's been super
easy oh and another thing I got to put
in here is that you don't eat late after
you eat dinner like 6:30 six o'clock
whatever you got going on seven don't
need anything for the rest of the night
it turns water you know do whatever you
need to do but don't eat anything don't
do it now when it comes to my exercise
I'm a fairly active person if my job
allows me what I do for a living at
skateboarding and YouTube videos so I'm
always moving around I'm always getting
exercise here there but I just made sure
I got a little bit more I start
my day by getting exercise every single
day so I have six days a week that I
workout in the morning I lift and
lifting isn't that big of a deal
my wife directed me to do three sets of
ten that like as much as I can do just
do three sets of ten per machine and I
do like four machines it takes me like
15 to 20 minutes I don't know if I'm
doing that terribly wrong but it's
working out I do like a chest press I do
one of these things a tricep thing and
then I do a row machine because I make
sure you got to working on your back
muscles it's pretty much just a bunch of
an upper body workout I do that and then
the next day I'll take a day off from
lifting can I will run a mile to a mile
and a half just start my day and there's
always like one day a week that I'm just
like I cool it I just don't do it as far
as like crunches and homes and stuff I
feel like 100 crunches two days in a row
they don't take a break and I go back
for another two days not take a break
pretty much on repeat and then
skateboarder I just get whatever I can I
just do whenever I get a chance to skate
I you know I got to film videos anyway
so I just do that just after I explain
this I'm going to go skate and show you
guys what I do I am a private skate park
here at where I work and it's just the
perfect situation you might be busy and
it might be very hard to fit in
exercising I can relate to that there
are times where I just don't get to
skate that much during the week I try to
make the best of it like you know
there's some stuff you can do like jump
on a trampoline for ten minutes that's
all it takes here to get the best work
out of your life and be sweaty
trampolines take so much out of you just
figure out you know if you're getting
eight hours of sleep if you have to
sacrifice 30 minutes of that you can fit
this stuff in it's not that hard to do
this a little bit every day and I feel a
difference like I feel my muscles being
more defined just immediately I've been
doing this for a few weeks and it just
it's like immediate I just immediately
felt results so within the 10 days the
first three days I lost seven pounds
that's water weight that's not that
surprising and then over the next few
days I lost the other three and ever
since then I've had some mess ups I
called relapsing where I just eat the
whole world one night and when you think
that you eat a lot of the night I've got
you beat I literally would do like a
four-course meal then I need two bags of
popcorns then I'll eat leftovers from
under the night before and then I'll eat
like a box of fruit snacks like I'm the
one craziest monster ever at night like
I just there's no rules to me and eating
at night it's insane so I hope you can
relate to that like everyone screws up I
screwed
and I just bounced back and it's been
working so used as motivation also I
suggest keeping a graph I think what's
the app that I use and it's going to
lose it I think it's called illusion I
keep a graph like I've been doing it
forever so really like seeing the
progress is such a big motivation and
it's just it just works you see like I
am losing weight visual stuff helps so
get on it lose it or whatever app you
want to like document your weight loss
or even weight gain that'll like
motivate you to get back on track if you
see going up I suggest doing that I have
seen progress where I look in the mirror
I'm like oh my gosh like I'm already at
a point where I would be happy going to
the beach right now and it's crazy like
the fact that I've done this so fast
it's just amazing I have lost more than
the additional ten pounds I lost in the
first ten days but it's working out so
fantastic that I was like I should make
a video this it might be able to help
somebody that this does not help you
experiment Google research see what you
can do differently because different
things probably work for different
people but this is what worked for me
and it's been awesome and now I'm
sharing that with you guys so some of my
videos that I filmed a while ago that
are yet to come out I'm going to be like
coming to look much bigger in them and
to compare to what I look like right now
so it's kind of hilarious being on
YouTube all time you can see my weight
fluctuation and I immediately literally
like four days after I started my diet I
did a video and someone was like man
you've really lost weight and you don't
think that helps I'm not one of those
people let's go to post like things that
meet in the gym or anything but it's
good seeing the comments getting
feedback helped motivate me I'm done
talking I'm going to eat my lunch
I'm sure if you got and then I'm going
to get my cardio in on the skateboard
that's what I do that's what I do for a
living it looks gross but it's delicious
it's a salad bowl thing going on with no
rice just chicken beans veggies a little
bit of cheese that's one thing I don't
sacrifice and then nobody gets processed
this so hot it rules now I'm going to
bring up Netflix watch the arrow and
enjoy this and you guys are going to
Cantus some skateboarding oh yeah this
is where I worked if you guys haven't
seen my videos this is my online
catch-up
the Shred course calm right through here
we have a skatepark
oh my gosh okay I'm done skating
skateboarding is very tough sometimes I
struggled today a good thing about
struggling when you're skating is that
you're getting more exercise to that
rocks I feel like I got a good workout
but I'm going to finish up work here and
I'm gonna go to the house I'm away
myself that's my plan all right
I am home you put in the ghostbusters
hey you even been watching TV Oh daddy
huh
have you Wow that's good and there's
toast and good mmm
were you good to the babysitter Wow good
you're watching very good things at
least it is wait I'm and I'm going to be
naked for it so I'm not going to let you
guys see me naked I feel like that goes
without saying
155 that is the lowest I've been in a
long time so let's go to Keith Reed's
ribbon of motivation I always wear
myself in the morning that's the number
I go off oh but I would do mid-day too
just to kind of like see where I'm at if
you're consistent in your schedule gives
you a really good idea on how much
you're losing day by day or gaining no I
was not naked in that last shot I was my
boxers but I had to point that out girls
they might've been a little weird for
you no amount of em were here anyway but
that's about it one thing that I forgot
to really go over that I mentioned a
second ago is that I'm on a schedule I
eat at the same times I kind of sleep a
good amount of hours at the same time
like I'm out on a very specific schedule
and that allows me to keep track of my
weight and see the progress day by day
to see how things affect my weight there
you guys go
that's just for my perspective I hope
that helps like I said my body has been
very responsive to this and I just
wanted to share with you guys and you
know I do have mess-up days and I keep
going and it works out and I'm going to
keep going like I said the beginning I'm
a fan of food I'm just trying to get
into like better overall shape and keep
it that way
and you know have nights where I
actually live a little so that's it guys
I hope that helped you and if it doesn't
you know talk to a nutritionist or do
your own research online and find out
what helps you but uh either way don't
let yourself be in the mindset that's
like you have to be skinny and whatnot
I'm not trying to go that I just
personally I'm in videos all the time
and I'm just I love food way too much so
I'm always kind of battling my weight
but I know other people out there and
same type of situations and they want to
you know figure it out so I made this
video I do videos all the time they're
usually not like this one but you kind
of probably saw the rest of my life and
that is what my videos normally off so
if you want to see more from me hit the
subscribe button right down below it's
free and you get signed up to see more
videos and that's it I think I hope you
guys have a great day my child just fell
asleep
play right do you want to go to sleep
okay
I love you yeah all right that's it guys
I will see you guys tomorrow
good to the bile can you say goodbye oh
no I can just communicate telepathically
so I'm talking to your YouTube viewers
and uh definitely goodbye I mean
subscribe maybe like you said that's a
really cool thing but uh goodbye
totally
oh hey you guys are still here oh yeah
I'm in the bonus clip now I don't really
have anything more to say other than I'm
pretty excited about dinner time I'm
gonna get usually I eat the same thing
every meal of my life and uh is it over
there
I heard of Numis what was I saying okay
yeah dinner dinner is going to be great
now what are you having for dinner I
mean you might want to do some cat
periods delicious what's that over there
