YouTube what's up guys so the video
you're about to watch was not my idea at
all
my buddy Stephen you just walked around
and take up the world premiere and did
this we had no idea who's doing this
until it kind of happened but I thought
it was entertaining somebody but let you
guys see this and hope you enjoy it I
don't think anyone voted for me but
we're going to find out who everyone
thinks the cutest skateboarders what a
weird idea for a video okay part revived
linear point NTSB show so all right
we're at always computed cutest for
syllabi skaters who will be find out do
you think the cutest revive data is for
force survive or Ford kind of a replay
what's your name Steven okay Austin
what's your name yes jack
Steven alright who do you guys think the
cutest Reviver for skater is Johnny
Geiger's were here this all right we got
one for Johnny I'd say it same thing
Sam Taber good one what about you he
thinks the cutest revived skater or
force
I'm just going to make his voice go over
top of you talking and say brining okay
you think the cutest revived skater
Aaron Carter
yeah head room who's the cutest survivor
for skaters I obviously know your answer
so we gonna do Brian as a whole as a
group will do Brian
alright boys who is the cutest force to
revive skater done help John John Oh
John it for done yeah for survive
whoever you don't want to I like that
answer
right here best part look that's uh
Timmy hey watch this like flip trick in
yeah that's me Timmy from Arkansas a the
cutest one the cutest one who do you
think's accused we're taking a poll to
the end of the night I'm going to have a
pole fitting the cutest the pool either
no no I don't want to now that's after
he picked from for thinner legs either
one any neither one it can be it can be
like like me like are you you know we're
not on the team but we're like we're on
the team you know I'm saying so Alex for
atomy so far we have one drug dealer
named it's a dumb
who's the crime the cute it force a
revived skater such a tough this is a
good one
hi you can say Todd Casey and Stan say
it can be it doesn't have to be anybody
on the team but out of the force and
revive crew all together who is the
cutest one
oh boy say champion as there are three
yes three now sampie
sexy leaving win the subunit sexy shaves
it's cute Danna shape oh gosh hi again
who is the cutest member on the force or
revived squad / crew it doesn't have to
be on the team yeah I can see them it
could be anybody it could be Stephen it
could be Katie it could be a cutest the
cutest Johnny got yeah we got super Leon
you've got a European accent we got two
for Johnny what do you think I'm
thinking Carlos today
Oh what for Carlos on reason cuted for
fiber one definitely well I want real
answers here not just all right you to
these building cause I actually will see
Gallo fake robbery pursuit three know
what do you watch please my dudes right
right here come on give a lot of those
fun
damn damn that Oh like water water
vessel alright I like that answer
I'll get on nobody back he does he does
he drive to the well Roley who do you
think out of all the crew for force and
revive who is the cutest we won't tell
Bob whoever everyone on the revived crew
me auntie anybody gonna be anybody had
zero persecuted oh yeah he's gonna lead
now we Brian anyone that's what we got
here I'm gonna go with you know Davey or
you know out of the crew who's the
cutest
yeah the cutest one
doing the hunter Georgia hi go on the
map here you had none jaehun dude who's
the cutest da no he really took a pad he
already knew how about you and and he
haven't got one brandy only on the board
Annie what do you think who's the cutest
Reese's Wow you got to pick anybody by
mistake - dude all right thank Josh cabs
getting put on the board here please
what about you dressed and stopped in oh
yeah
Christian couch who is the cutest force
survive skater or crew member could be
it could be chambers row you here Thomas
Allen oh he's on the board now what we
wanted everybody's got one
Lisa I've been rally alright good good
choice hi you know the question chambers
my name oh my god I had 10 at last
who is owner member slash crew guy of
force and or revive you think you should
I think you should do a run real quick
and then you should land and then come
tell me
yeah good a multi-time okay
everybody's got their own speeds on
different days if you've had to go with
the last time you saw everybody it's off
the last if you can remember what they
were wearing
who would you say really Johnny crushes
at the most all right we got we all want
we got one for Johnny fluke that's a
tough one I want to say Jason fired
Lou Jason Park all right we need we need
to look over here he's mine he's got the
list right now hi Justin
it was the cutest force and/or revive
member it doesn't have to be on the team
either we're taking a poll I think you
have to go with either Jason Park you
only get one okay you only get one one
per person relocation you got two for
Jason now two that we need to add in my
ball
hi okay so I'm asking everybody mm-hmm
who is the cutest force and or revived
member doesn't have to be on the team
either could be any president has to be
on this like ago and everybody like
Casey could be Ryan Chambers it could be
aunt or could review this cutest Oh
initial reaction is to say look at one
well I have someone comes to mind in the
very
I don't say the wrong thing and then
later be like if we come back to you
later and you change it well we'll
change it I want it initially I just I'm
thinking Sam you know Brett Novak's up
there Brett's not on the board yet yeah
breast breast up there where the safe
that he's not on the board I'm gonna go
with Brett
all right the stake but he's not on the
board okay just for that even though it
might be right
Oh honestly is realistically a favor but
I'm gonna go with Novak your skirt give
him a chance
yeah we'll go back we're going back I've
already got one on the board
Yeah right need me anymore okay thank
you Jason look Brett right the boy just
made it on the board but I got to ask
you a question I'm going to give you a
dollar for so you answer second off
first
yeah so for Craig earlier I can do this
for you I got to do this okay so who is
going to plot what yes so so who is the
cutest force and or robot member doesn't
have to be teammate it could be it could
be like you it could be if you aim
burger to answer the questions it could
be chambers can't pick yourself
unfortunately you cannot pick yourself
and you get one just one
Jason park geun for stability point a
people okay personality is not a game
personality this cuteness preferably
straight off the room like songs across
the bar and you were like that's the one
I bet Marceline was also having anyway I
went selling with Jam out of here Froy
Harrison what's going on here I think JP
is my boy we're gonna go with JP play
you know what he said you and you guys
guys tell me Zack
yeah he put you on the board Oh Jason
we're made for each other you said me
slowly oh that's so funny
all right Carlos really who is in your
opinion you get one okay okay guys go
strictly only on cuteness
no personality nothing else who is the
cutest force and revive member doesn't
have to be on the team either which is
important I
who's the cutest family garrison ma'am
which one not to be a buzzkill but this
video was 20 minutes long and I was like
that's huge no one's going to sit for
that no but if you're interested to see
how it ends the rest is on his channel
we're sneaking on this one train we were
yeah it's right there click on it go to
his channel and you'll see the the
resolution of another continuation of
this it'll be good
are you right for this I'm ready free
and we'll click it no no not you the
people listening right there yeah well
it might have disappeared right now
it's in the info it's just beer click on
the intro music come on why is that
music I don't know
would you eat a bag of cheetos right now
yeah no
