dum dum dum da-dum oh here's toast hey
what are you doing play Mario it's time
to answer some questions ready come on
what'd you say
just to answer questions it's not the
normal quiz but this is just your
opinion okay so I'm going to ask them
questions usually an adult what answers
okay nothing crazy but you got to answer
it just your honest opinion okay can you
do that and if you do this we'll just go
celebrate by having a cool snack or you
can have it okay okay by a like Shadow
Ball substance what you get right to
share our process are you saying that
adults say shut up warm up to a great
start
right so the saying shown up is kind of
rude right we shouldn't say that that's
a good start the first question writin
is what is the meaning of life what do
you think the meaning of life is life
okay yeah we're alive but why why are we
alive that's the question because um
they're like you know people afford then
why are you here on earth people wear
this way what is our purpose here on
earth what should we be doing here you
know what's the meaning of life if
there's no keyboard
during the play or anything okay so
playing is the meaning of life properly
playing okay all right adds like five
questions for him to understand that one
playing is the meaning of life that's
about what I expected how important is
having a job I'm talking watch why is it
important
actually it's not important to be it he
would spend time at your family that is
really insightful actually but if you
don't have a job you can't support your
family but it's a good point you should
so how important is having a job like
somewhat important not important it's
making 14 it's barely any importance
okay all right right should you go to
school and walk
why can I knew your words you need to
learn what boom I'm glad you did
learning is fun as you get older the
better learning guess the promise
alright right here's one should you eat
vegetables oh yeah
yes why they're cool you're alive yes
what if you don't eat would you be able
would you just die yes
being happy there you go
so if you don't eat vegetables you're
dead Senor tickle Idol yeah you
definitely have to drink water
I mean vegetables are good too water is
more important what is your opinion on
raising taxes
you know the government like the the
country when we buy something we give a
little bit to the government than
stations and stuff so you buy an apple
and you pay for that Apple and then
after you pay for the app when you give
some more to the government I'll take
that there's an answer actually don't
pay yourself but do pay taxes what is
the greatest movie ever of all time yeah
why I actually they versus the correct
answer literally the correct answer is
not even a pity Maris I am your cycle
I'm your then what is the greatest song
ever
today Lonnie yeah yeah what by the 21
pilots
oh my gosh ride I don't even know how he
hurt so that's the greatest song ever
should we say bad words no y-you can't
really means that people what if you're
not saying it to people what if you're
saying about like a tree okay what is
the best sport ever all right
that's the sport you just try drop your
hand did that hurt here's the most
easily the most important question on
here what is the best way to eat a
hotdog yeah we know
oh my god I'm not even gonna get going
with that one okay right right who makes
chili fries
yeah Bry seems to have been chilly I
solitary ever last night
you really did
so that's haribol hey you did good he
was amazing think of trying that funny I
was good he ate a chili made with 20
plus habaneros and habanero seasoning
dad advice I know yeah but you my gosh
what our water mom's best at running
cool oh my gosh see the system oh she
won't go sure go eating okay besides
sleeping water mom what our mom all moms
we're all mom's best dad you can ask
except they're good at creating right
okay I'll take that
what our dads best at and both boys all
dads are all dad's best best the
skateboard exam right right general for
their loving people
dads are good 11 people Oh buddy
that was the best answer you could've
given all right this is the big one
where do babies come from belly's so I
can have a baby in here what I need raw
a cactus home
where do they find them and it gets
added to and it just happens wah Oh
fabulous rubber rubber baby inside
alright so that was a just a random idea
for a video what did five-year-old
really thinks I was entertaining for you
guys but like I promised reading let's
go make a very weird Tiki trees are you
ready I want to make a reference no I'm
not eating I'm done we've done that
before Yuri minik' will make it fun dump
dump dump Bom Bom
Ryden this is going to be weird
all right I got sheet I have
strawberries I got lemon juice and I
have sprinkles are you up for the cap
it's going to be interesting what are
you gonna be me Girl Friday laptop urea
dr. Doyle that's why you'd be both yes
you could be a skateboarder and a doctor
yeah I got that cage I do our castle
people are the room you somebody
oh you're gonna skate like as you're a
doctor alright we got nice cheese
strawberry concoction going with some
lemon juice some sprinkles oh my gosh
where do you the fourth the cheese broke
why mine is not running - oh it's on
there all right
God dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
and you chew it
well four years let's go thing
strawberry
okay with other lemon juice hey thanks
for doing that with me
thanks again there you guys go hope you
guys like that for these type of videos
I usually give him a quiz some sort
there's auto yeah and I think I'm going
to go back to that but I hope you guys
like this change of pace for this one
yeah we do I do videos all the time here
on my channel and then at least once a
week I have a video with this guy right
we always have fun making videos cat
toys tag yeah we have our own channel
cut territory time and that'll be in the
info and at the end the video if you
want to check it out but out of it we
will see you soon when you want to see
more videos for me all you gotta do is
hit the subscribe button right below
this video and you're signed up to see
more videos it's free and super easy and
Zach I'm work hand comes up on that and
through that it would have been way
grosser if you had actually gotten
cheese so you guys are now now you ain't
good
know something could fun I could take
what yours dead and be choice for a
Minecraft and he wants to work for a
Minecraft Lego but too good I'm gonna
find a short for him I love you all
right let's go do let's go do chores
wall not something I used to hearing
after let's go to chores
i'ma finish what you're a fish fish fish
jump on the couches oh jeez
are you okay are you okay oh my gosh
you're like an attacking fish
