YouTube what is up guys just a little
informational video I have an actual
video coming up at four o'clock today
the normal time but I wanted to tell you
guys some things okay so I'm doing this
on my cell phone just on the gun-running
gun whatever that's called first off the
video that goes up four o'clock is
actually the video giving up on Tuesday
there's some confusion and I deleted it
and I'm ready uploading it now so if you
saw it check it out again don't watch it
I don't really care what you do but if
you haven't seen it check it out it's a
really cute video right and I asked him
like questions like how are babies made
and what's the meaning of life and just
like to get a five-year-old perspective
it's kind of funny very cute check that
out
tomorrow I have a revive take over the
world type video coming out like from
the take of the world premiere it'll be
really cool but I did need to talk to
you guys about we want revenge
we revenge in what's about to come back
this weekend I had to push it back one
more week hopefully we'll be ready then
but since it's like come to the launch
of a new season I've got it like redo
the intro it's going to take a second I
gotta have write a song for the intro
hopefully have new music but we were
imagine coming back into full force I
already have a portion of the one after
this episode done so I'm going to try to
hopefully get like six or seven this
season and then next year you'll get a
full ten episodes and I'll be back in
action so it's been a long time if you
guys have not seen we aren't avenged go
check it out I'll put the I'll put the
last one we did at the end of this video
there is Lee my favorite videos to make
because they're like more polished gate
edits as music as a really cool by the
cheesy storyline but it's fun it's so
fun and yeah that's it I one thing I
wanted to ask you guys though is that
during the summer I was originally
planning on doing it like 11 o'clock
upload time 11 o'clock here so if you're
in California to be like an 8 o'clock
time you know wherever it be Eastern
Standard Time 11 o'clock so do you like
that time or do you like it when I
upload the normal weekday time like a 4
o'clock the poll just happened right
there so click it and tell me where did
it like right there I think let me know
I do want to know what you guys think
because you know everyone's not in
school so I figured it might be cool
just do morning videos at all times and
I just want your feedback that's it
I'm going to go skateboard I'm filming a
video on
Roselyn uh filming a video on how I lost
a lot of weight I recently like change
up my diet and I lost a bunch of weight
but it's also like a lifestyle video you
get skating in it so I'm going to finish
up that edit right now but then I'm
going to see spider-man and I and I am
one happy guy because I think there's
going to be the best spider-man ever I'm
really excited for it so that's it just
a little video I wanted to figure in
about we were Avengers coming stay tuned
of tons of videos in the meantime are
happening and then let me know about the
poll that already happened let me know
that's it hope you guys have a wonderful
day do something fun
don't be bored if you really want to be
bored be bored I guess but do something
fun
I don't know understand anymore alright
stated you guys I will see you in the
near future at 4 o'clock check that
video link wherever that video happening
on the screen there's the last we are
I'm edge and then there's a subscribe
thing on my face or something I'm just
talking at this point I'm going to touch
the screen now I want to touch it
