can I get him can I get him here did i
okay
look at the door I'm gonna get you
that's not coming means that every did
that Riley sad I know I just sort of
just come out and he was like what do
you mean come out he's gone now right
we've got now knows I had no idea that
was even happening and I successfully
avoided it yeah that works out warehouse
Wednesday hey yeah there point back when
you you're walking down a house down
down the road and Andy's not you were
here talking that it's going to be a
nice day today warming up and warm up
you guy do five tricks and you can't
Holly what to warm up you can do five
tricks you can't all just a bunch of
like body burials basically yes okay
mister challenge and then on the new
bump which he's trying to learn this new
trick and we're going to get them to new
mom tonight which the old pump village
that's up there nearly on the stairs no
no no that won't the know Hank so edge
Wow okay put front no slide okay imma
never do it I've never done that and if
you don't do it we do something if you
do do it we're doing something you're
help you to do what if you do not do
this within ten minutes we're gonna do
whatever we want to your skateboard
break it not break it right things out
of your nothing round of it
well haven't your real happens if I do I
don't know who do get it well you get
nothing
I get nothing you never get it every day
and they're gonna do anything all right
whatever you are going to be this block
will keep you wrong as cool fire so let
me get this straight what you want me to
do is you want to do five tricks without
the olling at all yeah and then you're
going to miss your challenge me which we
will find out what happens when it
happens calm and then I have ten minutes
do a big flip front nose so you feel
front nose and if I don't do that you
guys get to mess with my skateboard true
simple enough I think so I cool do you
accept yeah you got to get in that pond
no get in the pond right now I'm not
getting the pond I just follow you make
that might work never work oh you're bad
bad net nurse dude I get a new pump the
entrance sucked because Brian's just ran
away immediately this who what is Alexa
doughnuts for forever I could do stew a
bunch of like 180 body burials Greece's
bottles course that one's hard but I'm
going to get creative with it but the
whole thing so I need
I want it to be pierced right you're
just trying to roll onto it
yeah just trying to get a nice level all
right is that terrify you no no no out
of it
just don't ollie I know I get the idea
this is everyone that just started
skating if they want to just try tricks
so you don't have to Oliver this back
truck actually popped out early on the
best home how is Gary I don't know why
Cooper steer you got to try just say
you're doing a back fit yeah you guys
wanna try it and your closet Gary looks
scary I like you going through you just
like many people like when you have like
people like hold you hold their hands
out you fall into them
yeah trust the hands that's exactly what
it feels like
wow I get weird for these next two I'm
going to harness my adjacent my inner
Jason part you're Albert a nice truck
now you have three words where are you
going
this is good
are you 180 in the last part intro
quality here yeah okay that makes it way
more excited yeah yeah yeah did my look
at that is exactly what you think would
go wrong this is generally not warming
me up either it's just getting my blood
moving a bit you know but like looking
like feet Ollie's that does a lot for
you that was an honest relief huh for
more of life
yeah that's going through right now I
got two more I have my lender but I yeah
I agree
I'm going to do the ski trick I'm
counting on that council district boards
up i've not to have my tail on the
ground warming up that's fun though I
feel like I've like legitimately want to
go skiing now what are you going to do I
barely cleared the stairs remember I'm
going fast as the fastest fast
we're out one day is over that was
impressive enough he wins alright I'm
not warmed up on a skateboard my moving
is one he wants to continue what it's my
mystery challenge I don't know we're
going to collaborate you have to say
sing an impromptu children's song about
name a subject matter
oh okay should I get a guitar guitar
good burn into sing an impromptu
children's song about dog death spells
so it hasn't been children saw such
means it's got a like thing about things
right now sure caterpillars and puppies
and puppies and things like that if it
has to I can't overthink though I can't
sing about the war whatever I whatever
comes through mine alright whatever
happens happens once there was the
caterpillar he went to the store to buy
pizza but they had no pizza
caterpillar was named God this isn't a
children's song at all
thank you a children's song continued he
was that he was done start the cattle
Bellary what so bad so did a stretch his
hero flip oh good perfect usually I can
improv better than that what happened I
don't know I don't know
everyone knows
that's a good one I don't remember the
lyrics to that without I remember that
part one let's talk about Washington
tell me what let me talk about what I'm
selling I get doing I've know because I
could do it again in project enter are
you ready to pull out your honor
eleven years I've been used it oh it's
thermometers like that's like was doing
at your the week man well I'm not didn't
do a better one peak or wait am i ready
I might get on my border I was just like
I have never felt like I have not been
more warmed of my life what everyone you
only to be like no no I'm not trying to
get medium nothing like I haven't even a
lead today and you want me to do a big
flip front news I think he's sweating
he's warming Dan do it 20 from a duck
sauce with thermometers is engage
are you warmed up with a few of those I
got start with
bold move warming up in the middle of a
challenge but what do you do I'm nine
minutes out
you've got to flick that foot going to
be hard this is going to be a difficult
thing by going slow for the waist lower
that wasn't slow yeah it's uh how much
time - they're not popping it feet was
correct link was not Oh
one more show time is half way up
halfway
five minutes left half way another try
another minute gone he could do it you
get original do it make it drop it
oh right for say two minutes and five
seconds one minute 45 seconds a minute
15 left
his last attempt I believe Oh here
concludes the most embarrassing toilets
where else once I ever go kill my board
hey he was okay he had multiple times it
was like literally the hardest trick
I've ever had to get two inches off the
ground portrait it's a very very I
wouldn't draw up something 300 drama to
write something on it here on item I
know I could run into know where its
head tapers desk now yeah sorry over
dinner I'm gonna have used your all
picture of caterpillars it thought
bubble and I'm going to say in the salt
bubble the caterpillar is going to say
something like I'm very sad that I have
no he's done that element put that I
have no big flip from this I'm going to
caterpillar thinking these very snazzy
has no pizza I'll be all the kevlars
there's gonna be Doug okay okay man it
looks so bad already
perfect we go and on forever into walls
too right perfect having a pizza which I
Pete I wish I had pizza I wish I people
perfect still presented sandy gonna go
hate it
I wish I had pizza me the most
distracting thing has ever happened to
me I could deal with the bolt so I could
not deal with drawing in middle my board
anytime they need ever drawing on my
board I immediately we destroyed
immediately switch out to new grab
anything you just American sweeping
I did it tends try later and I split
over like this long I bet you did
we paid homage to your song either
caterpillar that says I wish I had time
vibrant timing it a bit markers but a
more we do the best we could I'm going
to do the trick with now I land it with
a dark slide board yeah I don't know if
that's the trick is having a really
crappy skateboard strapping yeah now now
my where I'm
hahahaha
first shot
you know I other day I was saying all
day we need someone to lose worlds when
is it because everyone keeps winning
them and I lose so hard and you guys are
like wit easy on me you guys didn't hurt
Mike bored at all I thought you go for
hot sauce on it or like rub coffee
grounds into it although we're just
throwing on it
we're mean to everyone else then you're
like nice to me I'm like the person you
should be what would most mean to go
over there and the next time I guess I'm
an unfortunate Hannah thank you for
watching this I'm going to get that
trick better off camera I split I didn't
land it like I rolled away the wrong way
but I split up for like this long dude
and of course I can't do it because
that's how the world works so thank you
guys for bearing with me and sucking
good and uh see you guys very soon I do
videos all time citizens try button
right down below I'm going to land this
off camera like this in three tries so
cameras are the bane of murders
so if I was right
looking cause it's super quick 99% there
yeah
