what's up guys so I have been doing a
podcast with brian chambers for a very
long time and we're going to start
filming little videos users and we've
done our first one so it's all things
nerdy like sci-fi video games comic
books you know movies in general
actually
but yes over here have a sneak peek of a
podcast and you like it I'll put a link
to the actual podcast where you can
subscribe and keep listening to them
they're like usually about like 40
minutes long enough won't you work hang
out do whatever you want to do what he
has nothing to do this video he's just
here what I love you bye
so check it out and watch it Wow oh my
gosh yeah
the war of the year like 3017 might be
way better yeah might be worse we might
be going probably will I mean we'll be
gone yeah okay he must say yeah I saw an
alien that was supposedly from the
future on Facebook because everything is
he on Facebook is like it's verified in
legit yeah so I saw this alien saying
he's from the future saying that nuclear
war wiped out like 99% of the human race
really yes you know what dude countries
suck like we're very fortunate my
country a country they're like some
country no not the idea of countries but
like just in general like literally like
it all the world leaders just run around
being a bunch of babies pretty much
really but they aren't I
like literally when I look at like
politics and governments on stuff and
I'm just like like I want this oh well
if you don't I'm going to blow you up or
fistfight you like I was over that
mentality when I was in high school
pretty much I don't know if I was over
that just because I don't know I'm a
turd idiot in high school right what now
it's your you show ran for office in
high school no you could have been great
alright let's just let's get on to the
topics yeah um first thing this this
bums me out big-time Daniel day-lewis is
quitting acting which I've never seen
one movies probably the greatest actor
on the face of the earth right now how
do you say that though watch gangs in
New York I'm going walkies I know he's
way too serious for me to say there will
be blood like he is Incred thank the
greatest actor ever right now living
right now
right waited well who's all right who's
the dead one okay great yeah I don't
think you can change your answer an idea
greatest yeah dead actor I can't think
off top
had a cat I can't name one vegans dead
and that sucks that really sucks
but um yeah Daniel day-lewis he's
quitting acting he's 60 years old which
is not 60 yeah Wow
yeah I just you know what like I said
I've never actually watched one of those
films but I just imagine him been like
you know 42 years old right you know but
your kollywood in 42 that's like did
everyone likes you
oh for sure and then if you if you nail
that you get like Jeff Goldblum yeah
like no matter how old you get like
people people are so Indian Holden's
I'll be getting up there too yeah he's
like 1450s 104 gotta be mid mid 50s oh
yeah yeah for sure late see I just yeah
Jurassic Park astrea's one here's one
more movie coming out in front of
December I think it on Christmas X oh
there you go
and though it's not over yet enjoy this
last movie yeah I will need I was like
one movie every five years so he's very
which is is correct I guess but at the
same time it
I'm sure he's actually that's actually
all authentic and real but is it really
a from an outside perspective I just
feel like it's like history almost you
know in a way but it's just like he is
he he's a cobbler like he makes some
repairs I know well any time you can you
can like address yourself as a cobbler
and not the pastry is that's pretty
awesome yeah
hey Daniel Lewis I'm a cobbler yeah what
do you have to get into acting then well
I think he's been acting for decades I
think he just recently haven't quit
acting just sorry that he got in the
comments below but hey man good on him
like he's clearly yeah he's shooting his
own path right now like I might you know
he's not acting because he needs to yeah
he acts because he wants to so well
that's that's good so like he's clearly
wind that life yeah he won the the the
life lottery yeah well I might have had
a negative and all that I wasn't I uh I
just don't know anything about himself
doesn't respect Nancy I'm going it's
awesome go watch you're gonna watch any
Daniel day-lewis movie watch gangs in
New York I'm gonna go to watch that he
is why don't you know I want to go back
and watch which is the polar opposite of
this I want go back and watch a weekend
at Bernie's weekend at first I just do a
podcast they're talking about it they're
like still talk about it's funny I was
like I thought it was hilarious one of
the kid out there I wonder if it's
better as it I could see that being the
sort of thing that's better at a as an
adult at all yeah I'm sure I'm sure
there's stuff that you didn't pick up on
as a kid yeah
I'll do it back to back alright
switching gears for you
DC gosh DC is like a soap opera
okay um it really is what I'm sure I've
heard the news well this isn't like I I
doubt surface-level like you even
noticed this what the composer junkie XL
which is a goofy name this username
what's that he who are like mainstream
rap names leaking into like a Hollywood
profession like a legitimate yeah like
what yeah what's your name what junkie
what is he junkie XL what yeah so he's
he I think he got but name who did all
finals skittle lad that's what I'm gonna
go if I fiddle as now on when I get his
famous as I can be and I called skittle
lad but anyway he got booted off as far
as I know of the Justice League because
he was doing a new course it is really
gonna suck isn't it not all things I
must suck I think it's gonna be like BB
that might be cheaper I think it's going
to be exactly like Suicide Squad in a
sense that it's like it didn't have a
con it clearly didn't have one direction
and they follow it I know I'm not saying
it's going to be exact like that I'm
saying it's the problem with Suicide
Squad is that they weren't certain on
what they were doing from the whole
story I feel like a director AK and
change tones and you know and I think
that's more of the studio getting their
hands on sure but I'm just saying things
are getting shaken up left and right of
this movie yeah it looked it still looks
on process promising assembly a cyborg
cyborg looks terrible in cheese what
what a weird man bought the sideboard
came here have you talked about this so
Batman he has like a like a voice
modifier sound like a robot yes side
Borg yeah everything but this much of
his face go inhuman he sounds just so he
sounds like me okay no like oh hey guys
he is ket a is just K no it mixes K no
and Jax accept a no be cooler actually
awesome Jackson would be awesome gosh
Jackson school here or combat - yeah
yeah so yeah he's leaving but here's the
interest it is easy just sound what is
it
he's a composer composer yeah yeah I'm
not gonna be bummed that the junkie
junkie at large or whatever his name is
yeah junkie and leaving the sound like
the composing it can only be honestly
that can only be good things everyone
judge a book by its cover here's a good
interesting no yeah Danny Elfman's
replacing him
I love he's working in Danny Elfman yeah
I mean any else what else man elf elf
man he has amazing yeah he has done he
did he didn't Tim burned that funny
because that's also a very weird strange
name and that's probably his actual name
probably he did the result he had Tim
Burton Batman movies fool he did the
Simpsons theme that's good nightmare
were Nightmare Before Christmas yeah oh
yeah very much anything Tim Burton he
does that's kind of weird that he would
you Justice League though excessive
Batman's the Batman's I although I don't
had an awesome scores movies don't
really live up that much anymore but
like the music apps well fatness came a
long way come a really long way I need
to go back and watch the first one cuz I
just watch returns when I was kid like a
bunch know that I was like talking to
Coheed and they like they were like
diehard them they're like they're like a
little older generations but they were
like oh no he was a Jack Nicholson like
that's the Joker not Heath Ledger oh
release yeah they were like all aboard
on that and I was like man I gotta go
watch that to see if I'm just crazy
their authority I feel like you think so
I don't know II need a little older man
that when you're old when you grow up
and stuff it means so much more and it
hits you better I mean I did grow like
that I was talking into Charles didn't
care at all but they're like just like I
don't know they're like a few years old
they're not old right me doing like what
mid 30s but old enough to say ninja
turtles aren't OB you know they didn't
care they were not what he used to be
like digital's one was super good though
digital - I love because I grew up with
it but yeah you do look at them Ninja
Turtles one was darker and like probably
match the comics way better yeah that's
how we're trying to talk about man but
so yeah we're gonna hey we're going to
cut the teaser okay so if this is a
video yeah I'll just cut it there was I
hope you guys enjoyed that if you want
to listen to the rest of this episode
then like I said it's right down the
info this was like two episodes ago so
I'll try to link the exact episode but
if not you'll be able to find it on the
list but yeah we're on iTunes we're on
Google Play
we're on a SoundCloud I think even we're
on a ton of stuff so check it out and
watch out for more teasers here if you
want to see more videos for me here
button and I will see you guys tomorrow
with a new video ends but this guy
right right yeah you guys have a great
day
oh there's toast who likes cat the cat
balls oh my gosh hey hey hey want it do
you want to steal this go go get it
I think the one time he didn't chase the
ball ridin got it though and you're just
sitting here
Oh sincere oh okay there you go now
you're a dog
hmm what this is the bones club dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun
