Oh toast do you know what time it is oh
you think this belly scratch time yes he
does
bagels you know time minute it's
apparently running away time right what
time is it hey guys Bob time well you're
rockin that time okay well then I'll go
to skate camp and you say you get your
shoes on okay adding a much you do not
have you you do have your shoes on oh my
gosh well dad doesn't so I'm gonna get
my shoes on if we're gonna go okay hit
the rock no high five the head rock no
hey hey hits rock hits it you kicked the
rock you think about toast by toast
while we're gone make sure your be a dog
and pee outside and don't you anywhere
else net outside Oh poo please please
listen to him that was a great advice
you just bump your head no getting in
now it's good skate all right let's go
and I can't you marry me you want to be
Batman that's like literally the one
superhero that you could potentially be
never not gonna discourage you buddy I'd
be so hyped to be the dad of Batman
we're here are you ready let's do it
I already see crank you see him oh yeah
what up Mario that's a big crack right
there yep up I'll escape our dogs oh
yeah yeah what is up this is take him hi
I know I put your in my picture
yes oh yeah oh well there's our
supervise
no write it this is perfect for you to
jump grind a foot here to put here
spread them out
oh are you crumbled
oh you rot this you brought this rug
design so now I'll go really fast super
fast hyper mob guys yeah oh my gosh is
going really far back you don't have to
go that far back but one more shot you
got this oh one more drying you got this
again you did the spit for you okay Oh
ah
you want all your apps to drop all right
Oh got it okay oh you jumped off boom
there you go hey I got a ninja I got a
ninja challenge for you
somebody's got a show right in the ninja
mooves you put your board here and jump
from here and roll away so just put your
feet on the bullets and you're good to
go boom you got it all right are you
helping on doing super ninja from there
or do you want to go from right here do
it oh dude you think impacting extreme
prison I'm gonna just save your hand for
like an hour okay no Ryan you want to
slide down the ramp like what every
single year he does this do it
and every year he does this and as a
parent every year it scares me but
you're bigger now at least alright so
I'm going to jump down and Craig's going
to lower you down and drop you okay but
I'm gonna go down there first
Geronimo you ready go whoo okay right
that was that was good
everyone's doing it you wanna do it
again a couple years ago you like turned
into a ball and like fell down it so
that was a great you can you nailed it
and he's still going you're doing this
by yourself all right
feet up yes oh I've been filming and I'm
already sweating
oh yeah but anybody I'm gonna do some
tricks again
I just hit him in the face I wasn't the
smoothest though I neither was right in
now I see finger marks on the lens so he
probably touched the lenses
it's like an instant headache when you
hit your butt that harsh taking that I'm
so jiggly legged so you got some LaPorta
shoelace belt to give out gold a padding
in this there was a ventilator okay you
do that
there so all these skate part people
we're doing skate camp so two more week
get up here
me or some of the survived team is here
every single week and it's fun Susie I
haven't done the video with her and too
long he's one of my favorite
skateboarders all right in right
you earned it he earned it out here guys
did you break it out roll shredded
goodbye Oh least a part goodbye rides
I'm going home okay ah there you go with
me why are you - thank you thank you
guys for watching we had a ton of fun a
skate camp
like I said we're up here somebody from
revive and/or me is up here once a week
during skate camp so check it out but
come skate the park anywhere because
it's awesome it's super super fun you
have fun yeah alright let's go home and
have a father-son day yeah alright hit
the subscribe button right down there
for more videos but oh we're out of here
what only thing you just hit YouTube
they came to see us now
why what is this real problem what come
on hey tell me yeah so I thought you got
nothing to say
