this is a pretty big gap don't hit me
right in the Wiener I'm just going here
I said don't hit me you hit me in the
Wiener YouTube what is up guys today is
gonna be a fun day because we were
skating for one but what we're doing
this video for is this this is all why
the banners hanging off this this is a
remote-controlled skateboard I did a
video for my toy channel I have and I
was like I'm going to take this outside
the skate park because that's what it's
meant for supposedly grind you can
actually like roll up on a quarter pipe
so we're going to try to do some stuff
with it we're jump it off some ramps and
make it do stuff look how cool this is
dude if it falls over it goes back to
its wheels no matter what like watch
alright
see always lands how I get tired so alex
is helping me it is mine so can I do it
first good alright so this is the xpv
Xtreme RC skateboard Stephen thinks sent
me this thank you very much but this is
put out by Jack specific toys I don't
think this is out yet like I learned is
the first we're like one of the first
thing gonna happen so this is how Wow
yeah all right let's see who coolies
they can skate with it's like walking
the dogs like walking your skateboard oh
it's way Pacific's lies
damage or board number one I was trying
to have you like the whole time
Wow good look at it get one durable
little guy and I was wondering why they
have this flaming skull guy on it and I
was you know what it's to prevent idiots
from trying to write it like me that's
the first thing you have to write it
down fine now not like when you fell on
me the other day you've got a magnet to
me
ah even if you just imagine the car
things better than an authority yeah I
just go straight on it yeah oh yeah
because I ordered that and I have you
guys right yep dude every single time I
aim it at it it goes that way and then
when I aimed it over there it went over
there Oh like it will not go towards the
stairs no damage
yes it's fine I tried to course-correct
I got to keep going
I got to keep rolling alright I got it
going back yeah
you're like a politican if this is not
gonna go we didn't visit that
alright you wanna do it visible
oh sure okay I'll just have this okay
you should do the Euro gap I'll give you
it
wow you really did that first run you
want you to grind oh oh good you go do
that again it's like not it is it just
died all your charges
okay recharge for like 15 20 minutes
it's probably a little juice well I'm an
idiot I didn't charge it to begin with I
mean it was a little charge gosh okay
well now I guess I'm sorry we'll come
back we're back it's been like like I'm
four days yeah whatever before we
charged it for like five hours today and
you got to land the thing where you did
that here goes nothing
oh yeah we'll take that dude now it's
super good grindin do the rock to fakie
Oh doll try the grind
oh that was awesome oh my god pretty
good I was a very good you rocked it
dude let's try to transfer and then I'll
do this yeah yeah yeah don't you think
I'm going to drop into the bowl go full
speed at it is a pretty big gap don't
hit me hit me right in the Wiener you're
going here I said don't hit me you hit
me in the Wiener I don't really make
that pretty
yeah just slow it down a little bit Wow
gosh that smells good that was really
good Alex you're talented this is the
big quarter here we are going to see
just just what happens with your full
speed how you make it to the grass oh my
god
oh maybe not I mean it it bounced on
sizing went back over to the gap oh
really durable he's you to drop in and
then do this transfer okay right good
luck perky well here it is this was a
lot of fun so thank you again to Stephen
Fink this is coming out from Jack
specific toys that's Jack's Pacific toys
if you're using at the skate park it
does like if you use not big ramps and
the battery drains much faster but
especially at home and just screwing
around or probably lasts a really long
time it'll acid much longer a day less
is a long time enough for us to screw
around and play with it for a good chunk
of time how many times we can say the
work time either way I like to say thank
you to Alex community help me with this
as channels right there is a lot of cool
contents they click that right above my
head you'll be taken to his channel
where you'll hit the subscribe button
and you'll enjoy it but that's it guys I
do videos here all the time
and when this finally hit store shelves
if you get it you'll be pretty psyched
it's fun I'm going to keep mine is
durable think about this can't believe
how well put the other thing is doesn't
break I think it's windy I'm gonna go
skate my board for like my real board my
skateboard no don't know
hi
you
