Brian good good job on wearing this
shirt today good
what's up guys a little heads up of
something really cool what's going on
that are our good friend and team rider
Johnny Geiger is doing is hosting a
worldwide game of skate this is going to
be entertaining and if you are one of
the few that are tremendously good at
flat ground you can enter it so I'm
gonna play a trailer of that Johnny made
so you can inform you a little bit but I
urge you to check out the channel that
this is all going down on right down
below and at the end it will pop up on
the screen but watch this trailer real
fast it'll fill you in it's gonna be
awesome and epic you get the chance to
win a world suck this chance to win a
world you get the chance to win a year
supply of course we yeah oh yeah and
that's why we're wearing these shirts
apparel yeah watch the trailer
hey what is up guys have been working on
some new projects and now it's finally
time to in veel one of them we are
trying to launch a global online game of
skate wish you could play skaters from
all around the globe
or do you just want to see your favorite
flex run skaters compete against each
other got a deep deep bag of flat ground
tricks but didn't get an invitation to
battle at The Berrics well your prayers
have been heard it worked right online
game of skate plague and skaters from
different countries all over the world
the last man or woman standing will get
a one year supply of force wheels
product so how is this gonna work let's
have a look at the concept rules of the
game each week we will show a new trick
on the G gos Channel trick will be done
by myself or any guest appearance and
you'll have five days to land film and
send it to us if you do not land the
trick you'll get a letter if you have
five letters you're out each week we are
going to pick our favorite to do the
best other if we believe Graham shout
out and if this is gonna generate a good
amount of traffic we can throw in a
weekly giveaway toe drag doesn't count
thanks Sarah a referee Dario will decide
whether your trick was legit or not it
is flat ground only trick needs to be
done only once please make sure to land
it the best way possible it will be up
to you to launch global game of skate
because we need some kind of audience to
make it interesting for people to join
this so we made this new channel G gos
link in the description and as soon
we're gonna hit 10,000 subscribers on
that one we can unveil the first trick
and we're gonna start off with the first
round this could be a great and unique
opportunity for talented flat-ground
skaters to get the recognition they
actually deserve trust me the trick
swampy easy
this could be the very first worldwide
online game of skate on YouTube you
decide whether it's going to take place
or announce hurry up and tell your
friends and make this become a thing and
maybe soon you can watch your favorite
playground skaters pedaling each other
or just compete by yourself thank you
guys for your supports for helping us to
launch this project we can't wait to see
where this is going to take us if it's
gonna happen it's not gonna happen it
will be up to you thank you guys so much
have a great day there you guys go
this is going to be hugely amazing and
entertaining to watch and if you would
think you can actually enter and do this
good luck and do it yeah you can win a
year's supply of force wheels along with
some other stuff it's gonna be awesome
so the pop that thing came up above our
heads
yeah make sure you subscribe to the
channel to get to the subs to where they
need to be this is a contest keep going
yeah help out this is a great thing with
for the community the worldwide skate
community that Johnny is doing and we
back in one hour % and you guys go to
that's it that's it music takeover and
then the outro with me talking bonus
clip of me accidentally talking some
weird accent it was like Australian not
weird not weird at all just weird for me
just so that doesn't sound offensive
I like all accents me too yeah sure
there you guys go that's this going to
be awesome
you just peel Australia uses it
