I'm Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry
Potter Harry Potter well back in my
office the marker was a bit more useful
though but what is up guys in this
update video time I don't remember when
the last time I did one of these was but
the last minor one of these was the time
that I have loaded upload video and I
got some things to talk battery my life
has actually been different because
taken my world came out and that was
incredibly so the whole 1st of the year
was just like Oh
which sounds way more relaxing that was
not a good sound to actually symbolize
the first a year for me because the
first year was kind of like a bunch of
punches in the face it was like an iron
face with an iron fist we're still
meddling crunching sounds imagine that
crunching sound and that was pretty much
my life there was a lot of fun but my
gosh when I'm juggling all of these
YouTube things and dad things and
filming the full length and finishing in
the editing and all that stuff it was
crazy stressful it's done now the video
is out it went really well the premieres
are awesome so thank you guys through
everyone who contributed that and came
out of premieres watch the video
anything you did it was awesome thank
you I absolutely love my job and it's
because of you and you might be saying
yeah just saying that to everyone table
literally talking to you like a person
watching this video right now even if
you just happen the first time just do
the first time you see my face one we
just got a lot more closer I don't think
I needed the more right there I could
have just said closer but yeah life has
been still crazy and it usually is but
it's been slightly less stressful it's
been doing YouTube videos and that's
been awesome I already had a trick from
the next video part which is a good two
and a half three years away but hey I'm
already on top of at least one more
trick thank you boy and Spencer he was
you gotta hide me out to make it happen
and yeah I mean I loved life - Phil -
predicting the world but right now life
is it a little slightly easier and it's
awesome you're a plastic bag I can't
kiss you and then of course this summer
is tons of fun next month I have an L a
SF trip with the dudes to start you know
filming for we're avenges and you know
putting my street clothes for the next
video of course and then I have a
tropical paradise education with my wife
at the end of July and that's going to
be awesome
August I have a huge project coming up
something I've never done and
we really decided I'm not going to dance
just yet because it's not completely
finalized and signed off on but tune in
for more information about that I have
huge news to tell you guys and if I'm
not smiling right now which I am I know
I am okay I'll start not inside of it
what am i I don't make sense oh yeah
yeah let's see that look on your hair
you want me to talk about the news that
are off earlier this week the new
company after literally two years I
think of planning for this finally
actually happening and it's three blocks
skateboards is a new skateboard company
a deck company which no matter how much
I explained it still people were
confused about it the thing with the
internet people always just assume
random crazy things when you denounce
something I had a handful of people
saying they drove I've done are you
going to ride for both like no it's just
new is I has nothing to do with reviving
instead of saying I'm gonna ride for
five everyone that's on revive is going
to stay on the vibe and it's just a new
board company with a new team the teams
can be announced in like a week and a
half or so and then it will launch late
July it's going to be awesome and this
video got a lot of attention people that
don't normally watch videos or people
that just hate everything about for
whatever reason it's hilarious so if
ever like this is dumb you're able to
revive because I don't know this go be a
sellout and I'm like like one the
definition of a sellout is when you do
something that you normally wouldn't
want to do because of money okay
starting a company of your own division
is literally the opposite of a sellout
it's like I'm not accepting money I'm
spending my money to make this company
happen and then yeah a lot of like money
comments I'm like dude if I wouldn't be
starting another debt company if I just
wanted to make more money I'd be like
trying to hit an aspect that I don't do
and one what in the world is wrong with
creating your own businesses to generate
income for you and your friends and
families just beyond me but whatever it
is with all those really dumb comments
aside of an explaining SEC and 20
minutes later where was I was talking
about the reason we started three-block
is because we have just too big of a
family I have met so many talented
people out there there's like way to
make Alton skateboarders that I know but
really genuine people
I missed my finger grabbing genuine
people and every we can't be under vibe
nor does everyone want to
because we're such a unique like when we
were a homie company everyone's like
they have this basement like their wives
name is just what you guys doing I'm
gonna revise the family so I'm not
really aware of you better than someone
on the right team I back everyone all
the revive team they're my blood they're
awesome and proud of it now with that
said three block free block is going to
have a lot of genuine people all new and
it's going to be like a more traditional
skate team I just a bunch of shredders
like me the team is going to be stacked
with really talented dudes so I think
you're going to be excited and it leaves
us room for like if somebody doesn't
necessarily like revive they might like
three Block in what we're doing three
buckets a very goofy company but it's
just 100 cents skateboarding I'm really
really excited about it and you're going
to see lifestyle stuff too to get to
know the riders but like still the focus
of the actual company is going to be
content skating clips and uh you're
going to like what we have in store an
FYI
dov'Ã¨ launching a new company whenever
- I was going to go we bought like a
safe amount of boards it's getting way
more hype tonight we thought it was
going to so when it first launched it it
might be hard to get a deck I would be
on top of it and try to get a day one if
you really want a three-block deck does
the same quality would it survive you've
seen our videos we've heard of cars on
these boards so it's really good wood
but you want a three-block deck it might
go fast so you'll see a couple of the
products in a couple weeks here then
like when we launch there's going to be
a really cool montage skating with the
old team and then all of the products
will be unveiled that's it
three BOTS is coming people and revive
it staying the same revive force shred
cord is all going to be the same thing
bony codes revive and force force we are
going on a West Coast tour to make a DVD
/ digital Vallon for the holidays so I
think I'm in October we're going to be
hitting up
Phoenix LA Vegas and San Francisco and
going in between and stuff and I would
be like a week and a half long the tour
where we just skate goes three spots
because skate parks to put meet some you
guys and make a DVD like tour thing out
of it and the digital download with
everyone who doesn't want to have a DVD
television now we have a really awesome
videographer heading the project and
there's just going to be all around
great people on the tour so stay tuned
for that oh yeah I almost forgot the new
summer fourth gear is released tonight
at midnight Eastern Standard Time on the
strike or calm so if you want to check
up the new wheels the new shirts
the new stickers all that stuff just
check out the website and it'll be there
for you for five is just chugging along
with normal over five
you'll probably next year get the same
idea like a tour video over five we
might do it like international I go over
the UK that mean ton of fun the future
is always bright because uh we have
flashlights and I did I just made it up
like the moment I said is what I made it
up Wow the movie in games world
things are great the Nano switch is so
awesome okay one Zelda is like the
greatest game I played in a long time
and then Mario Kart is the best Mario
Kart that I ever played is super good so
if you're on the line getting a switch
oh my gosh it's amazing and then what do
we all Skyrim is going to it I've never
played that I don't know how I'm never
played Skyrim but I'm going to play some
switch it's happening and then Mario
Odyssey this year looks like the most
crazy Mario ever I'm really hyped on it
it's just a great time in videogames and
we're getting a new spider-man next week
it's a great time in movies I'm talking
about right chambers and I say long time
like we are at a special moment in
movies like this marble sonic universe
is so good I saw Wonder Woman that
rolled you know some DC's finally
getting stuff right here she's a great
time oh my gosh I love sci-fi nerdiness
I talk about all this stuff on strike
back podcast too so I mean on iTunes
Google Play like a ton of stuff if you
tuned in I'll try to remember put the
link right down there in the info so you
can tune in to our podcast you hear
talking about all things nerdy
I'm Simon bill gates storytime okay and
there's a talk about a lot of times as
I've embarrassed myself but this time I
just feel straight-up bad okay
would it preface this and I missed part
of the story I might have actually told
on my channel before but when I was like
four or five I was hanging out my
sister's friends okay and if I treat
oldest friend sorry about be here you're
here maybe I would have as I meant to
say you're gonna hear it again okay so
I'm like four or five and it guys like
throwing things up and hitting with a
baseball bat and I'm in me being four or
five doesn't notice Stanback it's funny
the things you got to say to
five-year-olds okay they're like the
smartest people the world and then like
this most clueless five-year-olds and
that was me all right so I was five and
I was standing behind this guy with a
baseball bat and I didn't get of the way
and he whacked me right in the face
right here okay I'm pretty sure if you
see my nose I got a Dumbledore thing
going on there's a little flat spot you
can see the real life a little better
I'm sure that apprecia was from blood
everywhere I like held my face nose
growing on the pigment from the air it
was literally like I was a horror video
they got I was like what like my hands
okay just the blood
oh no why that's just the board I'm
going with this it sucks it's that stuck
to years later let's go it was most fast
forward two years okay so I've learned
my lessons getting hit in the face with
a bat sucks I don't want to have that
happen to me I don't want to do that to
anybody but I was at my grandma's house
okay I was in the garage and I was like
I'm nine eight ten one of those and my
cousin it was like literally the same
scenario it was like the circle is now
complete
okay the circle of life all those
circles was right there I whacked him in
the face so bad and he was crying you
know when you see something crying
because of you is just like the worst
feeling ever
unless you know you like in front of
Hitler and you made him cry because
Hitler sucked I would like to pay the
other guys I mean I'm running a busy any
other guy did away I think it was my
cousin's my cousin and it just broke my
heart
okay my little 10 year old heart nine
year old our eight year old heart it rip
my heart is crying and a little psyched
immediately they're like Wilson
government ops Patrol doesn't everyone
left and I was like I did that I did
that
so people let this be a story for a
moral a thing for you you have a
baseball bat watch out never assume
someone's going to be sensible enough to
get away from you when you have a so
that and then if you're next to somebody
with a baseball bat get away from them
okay just stand back go to the bleachers
go to go to somewhere else and watch
them it sucks you don't to be me I've
had my nose broken in my heart program
but that is it I'm ending this update
video I hope you guys like this I do
these once in a while to kind of keep
you updated my life and definitely from
the three-block stuff I had to like come
I don't like to say some things I'm sure
none of the people who watch the video
actually watch this video but hey
somebody knows out there videos coming
soon tomorrow I believe I have an RC car
like skateboard video it's coming out ID
is on the toy channel turbit when time
but now I have it like that actually the
skate part here on my channel and then I
think on Sunday I have a little like
skate cam video with riot at 9 skating
and the skin can't breathe that's the
plan right now are they filming us but
next week I'm hoping to finally have the
first wheel Revenge of this season put
together I've been filming two of them
in pieces so I got to piece it together
but yeah we are binge is going to be
back in full swing I think here you get
like six or seven episodes for the rest
of the year and then starting next year
beyond
like normal so uh we're back people
finally so if you want to see more
videos hit the subscribe button right
down there just going to hit subscribe
and you're signed up it's free it's easy
takes likely to things like click and
then yes you're good now we'll be back
with more videos because I always do
videos and because I have a great day
I'm going to I get to go skateboard
you're actually I could be the best
getting ready to eat Chipotle a little
bit and then I get to go escapes like
the best my bed my day is about to be
great
toilet paper I keep it on my desk to use
as napkins which is strange because
there's nowhere near as goes napkins
so what it is sorry ah
and there's my neck that's weird
I see that look on your face you're
wiser I see that look on you I see that
look on your hair we have some what was
that let's just I was like what is that
a fish like a fish flying away try and
do that
you
