you can't break it there's no way you're
gonna break it
congratulations your broken warehouse
went here have a cup back thanks man no
problem it takes a water what are we
doing what are we doing
uh we shouldn't be walking out here
because it's a very short walk this week
hi hi senator tell him Ted this is this
is the perfect I tell him what we're
doing Brian's force summer launch
showing skating looking at what we've
got new wheels new certs new sticker do
have new singer scooter speakers new
stickers let's go in and get new yeah
let's get new school you're KC just go
get an arguing all right tire go back
who brought this our it was a great
thing to just enjoy just enjoyed thank
you pull this okay I'm going to try to
jump kick this and roll away
I'm just hold the camera at the point
you hear this movement you're terrible
hedging so here I'll do it the easy way
you're killing it across no your cell
phone back yes
come on tell me what's happening I
wasn't planning on it I guess you are
get this how does it work 2000 worse
that definitely where it's like wait
that works it's way better than what
that happened Thank You Casey and your
advisors my next party whatever it is
where you want to start we want to start
right here with force wheels summer 2017
okay what do you want to start what a
mortar what more is there
first liquor hey guys we're going to
start with stickers today I didn't see
these I got a shark underneath my grip
tape these diseases at all I looked for
them - dude this is the greatest one
it's the greatest actor I'm a bigger
package the moment is going to come with
three these kind of stickers right here
all its little shark we get called the
Australian no it's not it that's not
racist at all
it is absolutely the Australian serum
every federal briefing it's not
nationalized we got look at this tell me
you don't leave you these flag ones
because that's the colors of the
Australian flag also a million other
flag it actually is yeah I'm not even
kidding
begin one of these get four stingers you
tend to stick your total okay I've never
seen this graphic in my life how did
that happen I didn't see it that's like
the first product I've never seen in my
life and two of these take the greater
thicker it's a great sticker it matter
Australia and Australia also perform at
throwback to Ohio where extra beads out
of tell sherry throwback we live here
now
no wise Purbeck end up throwing back
anywhere can't you just want the French
dark we also have an accessory we have
this new a new bolts his people all gold
a land people love Allen hardware I'm
learning that how do you pronounce it
Allen Allen Allen Allen Allen what's my
name
Andy my middle name is I'm sorry they
didn't deserve that he's all goldfish
you're getting 12 volts yes so if I ever
feeling like you want to be bling okay
you get that if you want bling is still
becomes a little sticker right bling is
a single stick or two I'm moving on to a
pearl apparel folks never bad as Brian
would call Harold apparel we got the
sites yeah this is should it should be
called something but the integration
church look at is
this makes me wanna think about
attention easy for control if you have a
phobia of the ocean where this it will
not change it at all but it's the
greatest it's the greatest force traffic
we've ever done okay it's an amazing
it's so good we need to have next one
like we should make a revive parody
version of force like reviving when a
force one has a cat coming up never be
amazing to be great Caroline that
graphic already exists somewhere so
whoever made that I wrote it pause yeah
it makes tender it makes sense we're
back in Australia the colors if you're
here that's with is inside this store
somewhere is a great situation
I'm really really grabbing like this
graphic a lot yeah
JP couvert and why do you do that you
wear the shirt that you still bring it
you could just say bit but that's not as
a lot meaner than my manager is yeah
okay so how does wearing that one now
time it laid on we're going to wheel I
wasn't all right let it Ryan going under
the knife this is the point O in 52 and
53 this is the same we're going to sites
wheels force wheels forth wheels Oh
wheels of course we all know Tyson yeah
52 millimeter and 33 millimeter 53 so
that's what your battery is dying I got
another one Michael thank you for the to
do JP JP a smart tiny bit me feel that
yeah Pizza detail on the synthesizing
this wheel gosh how well don't be I'm
about I play begins to them come in
quickly to you and 50 summer this is the
greatest skateboarding wheel ever made
it's the greatest wheel ever it's an
amazing real I'm going to put that as
the title of this greatest new
skateboard wheel greatest ever been
appropriate is this one we did the state
flag so representative the state plan
for news or a country or the country I
guess yeah watch with a plane dude cool
so the dogs will get 51 and 52 it got a
little cali i everybody calif throwback
california inspired wheel super cool
it's going to bear because there's bears
in california this was fantastic pretty
much comes in to more than one i'm gonna
be skating that comes in 51 if you want
to put them to and yet somehow pizza to
with jason part the one place we're
going is a Hawaiian flag yeah we had to
look at it but
their leaders based on the Hawaiian flag
52 and 53 millimeter wheels so NJ sparks
good guys if you want to name on your
body get on tattooed if not get as we
say bet do one so I think these wheels
adjacent knees and look at those cuties
so if you're speaking Chinese based on
the Swiss flag weight right
the Swiss the flag is using so many
logos it's hard to see these and not
think it's like waters put the thread or
interval there no do these people like
in no one around you hit a person with
that drain I'll be impressed all right
anyway Johnny's wheel comes in 52 and 53
yeah and it's also a band-aid it's also
a water it's also but it's great look in
the skateboard wheel kind of Aaron Kyra
Aaron Cairo is a classic Aaron this is
one of the og guys this is probably my
favorite my favorite wheel of the season
it's so flushed out comes in 52 and 54
like look at that there's not just where
you be in Montana there's this bright
light going on women that like it feels
like at any point a dinosaur
could be in here like like look at like
the mountains get the the plains the
forest I don't know I want to go set up
a tent right there no hang out like the
frozen area that yeah the water the
beard last but not least finally are to
John Hill is crew and we can make him
wheel and the first wheel was at South
Carolina homage this hill it's got the
name on it government comes in 52 a
thicker story is very solid will you
don't want those a little good on any
board I texted to picture this is John
and he said nothing thanks for applying
John Hill thank you
I've ignored him nothing this stuff goes
live this weekend on Saturday so Friday
night as soon as the switches over to
Saturday at the Shred quarters calm
which is right on the screen
and in the info below it will be
available are the pictures you'll be up
right now right cool yes and we'll be
right now you can see them on the if you
go to the strength quarters you can see
them right now all the stuff but we just
show them to you so whatever either way
this Friday night actual Saturday is
when it's going down
especially the pros if you grab them is
to push them directly and
you know show some love there go thank
you guys I'm so hyped on this this is my
favorite season a force in a long time I
agree probably ever because of the the
shark so super excited we're going to
give you guys some skateboard we're all
good to double Tracy's alex is going to
be do the bangers because he turned his
ankle yesterday thank you guys for all
the love and support we're going to keep
doing this every single season and bring
you guys new stuff and skateboarding
rules are going to update where your
stay wearing that Detroit
Oh
so pretty and so in 31 clubs more of
that room
that's all I claimed 900 wait the
hardest recession
pulled up yeah sure dude I didn't mean
for that just to be a session on an 8
inch rail but hey that's fun
everyone did tricks that's escape so
they're on their cell phones that's cool
I thought feeding when people are just
new you know just feeding has never
heard that before but like all persons
feeding like well I was trying to find
us isn't into the classic good good good
answer to my question this weekend guys
for the best easily the coolest I think
the coolest force release ever I would
agree and you guys fending off this
video
I think videos here all the time so hit
that subscribe button right below the
video it's free and you're sounding to
see more videos and then all these guys
channels thank them for being involved
in the whole family in this video and
there's links to write down the info so
if you like their face beds of mine
block their channel but you guys don't
know that you're not doing great things
for yourself earn enough I love it
this has stood on my head at this time
okay see all the people with the dad has
an uncle beanies and Mama scarfs and
they're all flying off like I feel like
I learned was Alex bag I love Alex Pat
he's cool buddies weren't to have that
pull off every time you try to trick and
I was like is that yours Oh everywhere
it's like is like you could try one
trick on do two things they weren't
answered today can you pop em Edwards
your hands in your eyeballs so guys this
be the next thing is skating you'll be
feeding and you'll be I caught Costa
Rica really I can't it's hard work I
start mom scarfing should I named that
one Susan someone said it before me I'm
not cool cool
you
