I really like right through it dude
high-five but what is up YouTube right
and what time is it a stick by half time
house basketball time yeah we did a
trickshot basketball video a while ago
and it did really well and you guys
liked a lot so we're back here again
we're gonna do some different ones so we
might get a little weird
what are you how weird you're gonna get
oh sorry
let's do a basic shot first all right
all right basic shot time bye bye
Oh give me back my arm watch I can just
pick you up we got a super basketball
don't we look in mine I will use that
for the next shot right I got idea I'll
throw it from down there all the way
into here okay
do do this and now you don't think I
could do it oh yeah I think I can you
got this hang out here and throw the
balls back down okay oh my gosh thanks
dude you have got to do a weird one
though okay
a bathroom trick shot let's go grab the
basketball
oh no grabbed a normal basketball cool
it's down on the couch I gotta go get it
alright hey try to drag that into your
bathroom would okay with you first
you're going to crush me into the
grocery man this is kind of weird in the
matter you just sit on the toilet okay
and you've got to bank it off the wall
into there okay hey we'll go to the
shower again so make it off the wall
into there do it
failure but you can do it again you've
got this yeah you got hit like up here
do it oh you hit the ravioli ooh are you
okay trap you aim right here okay oh
there's a basketball man if you visit
where it's plausible just wipe away
oh that was a good one
oh you hit the rim is it hard you can't
see the basket wow you got right here
you knew that you did it you now
super super good buddy come here no I'm
proud of you yeah I love you hey take
that right here no punching it'll punch
me okay
I'm putting up with one foot I'm going
to go in that room and throw it all the
way from in there to in here can you
film it yeah actually
buddy I think we should just use the
tripod it's gonna be really don't want
to chat yeah
ah this should be easy
I got creeped over you give it when I
landed my plan okay I good - done
without you hmm we dim there after all
hmm
how it's good I 500 do trampoline shot
what you're building a Lego ecto-1 yeah
that's gonna be so fun dude you do by
yourself
amen high-five I'll help you if you
really need it but I think you can do it
by yourself you have to slam dunk we've
got jump off this and slam dunk it okay
okay don't get hurt yeah well that was
super easy wha okay let's see if this
one works sellers drive oh wow that
should have got me alright hey we're
going down we're going downstairs to
this one I've got this you get the
basketballs okay all right for dads shot
I'm going to throw it off here it's
going to bounce off the floor and into
the hoop it has to bounce off the floor
okay okay
alright can you film it yeah let's go
for Bob oh damn it wrong hole fault oh
my gosh dad go
thank you
I can't believe I'm more sex ed on a
second one I did the exact same thing
what was that right Maddie are you okay
oh yeah I barely got that clip right how
would you feel you got to jump off the
couch and then do a slam dunk all at the
same time okay you want to do it yeah
let's do it we can have a bed of pillow
so you can fall into them okay okay
toast is like I'm Way too tired of
dealing with this guys well we get more
pills and we all push this out of the
way because you're not going to hit that
that would be bad
okay I thought I put them no no no I put
it right here here's enough all right
that should be good enough move these
here let's make it bigger
all right so there's the finale y'all
make it look good ha ha
that hurt yeah we ought to make a bigger
that wasn't finale enough
Oh did it without enough pillows yeah
you want more
what oh wow you're like Lani and like a
let like a pillow of luxury now all
right all right so we made it bigger and
you got a really jump out and and do it
okay good oh hey put up one you'll do it
again the hard way dude I think that was
my favorite house video we've done like
how sport video oh yeah thanks a lot
yes thank you guys for watching we hope
you guys liked it we're going to keep
the house sports going so don't worry
they aren't going anywhere but I do
videos here all the time and with this
guy we have a lot of fun doing it if you
guys want to help me out just hit the
subscribe button right down there you
just click it in your Center to see more
videos from me and you'll see a lot of
this guy you'll see Morel toast what
he's not sleeping
boy not sleeping but knee just being
lazy Archer if he was awake up there
the old media and really good videos at
the end of the video buddy there's
another video at the end of this video
but either way there's always more
videos coming from so just click that
button down there and you're signed up
and we hope you guys have a great rest
of your day
it is gorgeous outside so we could have
played basketball outside so we should
probably play outside should we why yeah
and you guys should too because YouTube
will always be here at the end of the
night oh thank you for doing this to me
I love you
alright now guess what you get to do
fine clean up the pillows Oh No okay Joe
pays and they clean them up that was
pretty awesome
now is it cleanup time and now what we
can a big ol line oh my gosh
are you gonna jump this is the bonus
clip yes you jump in this idiot dude
you're gonna get hurt you can't make it
I'm gonna sit right here ready so you
don't get hurt yeah huh well yeah I was
pretty good Hey
all right they bonus club done French
script - and k2t back piece happening
that's the other channel ready please
subscribe or roof first bible ball what
he didn't bark so I guess he subscribed
