YouTube what is up it's like summer set
up I was going to do was outside but
it's raining because Ohio right you can
help me out this is an aiding will my
school time yes it is it is the Ames
brothers too I want to call the video
dude it's a sequel deck that's why I has
to in the end of it on the top I got
some ham grip grip tape it does as a
little force to carry all right give me
that
my gosh you mean do that okay we got
some raw orion trucks I've been riding
for Orion forever
super-good trucks actually yes - did you
sign that what so as riding changer
which every time I look down I want
skating I'm like I guess I guess like
does thank you buddy
I love you ha I said I love you now get
that back we got some brand new force
wheels the force release is a week away
so this upcoming Saturday is when it
comes like I said this Saturday a bunch
of force officers it just shirt - we the
shirt red except it's on white I want oh
yeah when you try to make a little guy
version where you're sleeping on the
skateboard
you can't we have some not 16 we sure do
it's been a second synopsis has always
had my back doors can be rolling and but
I've never actually rode for them and
they would oh there's a lot of stuff in
it they get a lot of bonuses look you
got like lubricants for your bearings
got spacers that you can give you extra
nuts for your truck's amazing go make a
dog let go look literally felt like I
was talking about like this one new
light bulb ride look at you simply do
these light poles
what's what's cool out here yes every
single bolt is a different color which
I'm not usually a fan of and I thought
would be a weird thing looking down and
seeing a bunch of guitars but I thought
on somebody else's work and it actually
looks really cool does that cover
everything I think that's everything I'm
going to put it all together and I'm
going to tell riding some crazy stories
not crazy stories I'm gonna tell riding
some funny stories that does not know
about me and YouTube you might have
actually heard some these stories so
right when I was like four years old or
I was like your age I literally and my
friend had a kitten okay
cat had kittens and I got on my tricycle
and just went down like a 45 miles an
hour road trying to get to his house so
I could see like it what was I thinking
in that terrible so I got picked up by
one like grandpa grandpa shocks friends
and then she'll be home and then my dad
he was mad at me
yellow we got next we got orange and
purple ridin one time this is another
terrible story I ate a gummi bear off
the sidewalk when I was like six or
seven like I knew better and me mom who
came running out I thought I thought I
could get away with it she came running
out of the store did you just I saw you
eat that thing off the sidewalk she was
mad okay I was like five years old now
paint off the big kids in my
neighborhood and I was like standing
behind one of the kids and he was
swinging a bat and hit me right in the
face you laugh there was blood all over
the place like my nose it was done it's
terrible and fYI it does not feel good
to eat it in the face the bad hey oh hey
I have totally kissed your mom they're
mighty then I knew that I need that I
need that no you do not cheat those
rides and decided to roll the wheels
across the state park looking at how
awesome these are those are so good
Oh all right I want you to confess
something that that I don't know you did
like did you ever like take some of the
mind
that's like it's not the worst you've
done that's the worst he's done I'm
doing I feel good about my parenting and
that said go to your room for taking
candy go nap show in the room it is
going to plan to skatepark is showing
you I walked into the girls restroom one
time at the mall I went in not use the
bathroom and had no idea with the girls
restroom I was like 10 like I just
didn't see the sign like done I'm like
washing my hands and they walk in and I
get so embarrassed and then I go to was
just a smile really big and like walk
out like I saw I owned it like I owned
up doing this people attend my school it
might fit boys
Breakfast Club that night had two dead
kids he's like the most responsible
five-year-old the world I get a reason
for going to girls BAM
alright here it is guys my new complete
skateboard this is a dangerous deck from
the summer revive lines been out for a
second we got the new force wheels
wheels force wheels wheels that's really
confusing to say Orion trucks we've got
the synopsis bearings in the am trip
you're safe this is going to be awesome
I'm gonna do a couple tricks for you
guys in it riding saying you're being
honest he was just he just came to work
today and I was like be in the video
with me me but he like really wants to
go play don't you alright so I you're
much better behaved than riding right
now yeah oh yeah hey can you help me
help me with this really yeah let me to
do here alright come on buddy hey
nobody's like you talking like a dog
tight-knit I think although - too much
listen it
oh you did great you good guy I was
going to kiss John Porter no it's gonna
suck that's crazy-looking different of
why if you had a tie-dye board that
looks super cool I don't actually look
hey look here with this do though all
righty
yeah all right so I landed it at least
those are pretty groups it works I'd
give the tool I'm gonna do like five I
have like ten minutes
my life is just a confident like oh you
have to do 20 thing I don't Chronicle
got hit in a while and I think what I
did
that is the epitome of my day I need to
do five tricks in ten minutes - took me
thirty wow I got workout though I'm like
the sweatiest dude in the whole world
thank you guys for watching the setup
was awesome it does feel good what are
you doing yeah all the new forest stuff
comes out in this upcoming Saturday it's
going to be awesome this year alone it
comes on white so it'll look more like
jaws and then a lot of good wheels
you're going to be super hyped on it so
check out the where else Wednesday and
be ready for the weekend
oh no red one I don't we have to make
you a special one buddy but how you
videos here all the time so hit the
subscribe but if you want to see more
I'm usually not this gross and sweaty
but sometimes I am so you got you ready
for that - alright hey do that do the
outro syafei watching
see how sweaty this is why would you
want to touch that now you got to go you
dry your hands off on that hoodie whose
is that that alex is probably should do
that put on your shirt yeah I'm gonna go
take eight hours don't wait on me
