we got a puppy if you guys watch my
videos recently you know that we've been
talking about getting a puppy and we
totally did
so I'm making a vlog sewed here and I'm
going to go skating first but then we're
going to go back to the house and you
get to meet the puppy he's rad he's
really cool and sweet and then that's it
that's what's happening right now hang
with me guys
let's you do this oh my gosh what's
happening oh it's a certainty and hey
are you ready to skateboard team so down
I know we're going to a terrible spot
right so bad you've never been there
no so we're going to a DIY I've never
been to and it's a pretty beat up
it used to be good and now it's not but
I've never been there so by Ryan
chambers let's make the best of a thing
when we went here you're like months ago
the pair okay I kind of match look like
oh dad geez I was listening sorry
idea uh oh my gosh that do you have
black sighted good we're all set that
McGill I'm unveiling my puppy in this
video I don't know any come over here no
his name is toast
best name
maybe yeah he was talking me I said
we're going there
hello skateboard the journey begins so
there's a little bit of hike to get here
right um Stephen and we this amazing
hand room and another one I actually got
fifty in the knob over the groceries
coming out worth selling though here
there's there's a track
oh my gosh is a workout by far the
weirdest skate spot ever is in the
middle of the woods this is by far the
weirdest walk to escape spot I've ever I
don't know if it's like this way or that
way it's somewhere so we can pull it up
on the satellite dude we're just
endlessly walking here stop that -
sounded crazy but if you just pull up
satellite images and look for a little
piece of concrete yeah well I mean in
general dude if you're ever like can't
find a spot or like a school or
something just look at your satellite
and usually can tell it's this way
you're right
how was it yeah thanks I am right yeah
how'd that work out they're not actually
better than I thought oh this is super
gross here it is
this is Thomas's homeland I can see why
no one kept up with it that's crazy that
you guys did anything here sup why did
this was a good one who hangs out here
and oh yeah who hangs out here is the
best question and the new hangs out here
is like you know one over erection junk
I want to know angler go ahead please
you tip it over
yeah here's a redneck Christmas tree
Brianna except this is kind of cool have
the wrong view - redneck I don't think
unless you're a bad redneck then don't
be bad for your redneck you like murders
people freed us yeah these murdering
part you're just a murderer yeah yeah
but I've had a redneck before after I
got sunburned yeah all right I want the
picture just like nine like 1945 oh yeah
there's a cricket boy out first
Pepa yes thank you I'll be sure to film
that we just used like phasing yes to
get this thing back up we learn is like
that primitive staying YouTube channel
oh man what's that called primitive
outdoors or something primitive survival
I don't know we were we were then you
didn't make her I'm already trying to do
the first trick and welcome to the
grossest tight spot
but looks fun egg drink your glass all
over the place over there how great does
it get started back both its weed the
hell well player how much we don't have
the Laxus you talk about it you're not
needing more action than you're sticking
how did I do that like this oh my gosh
oh yeah check Google future which is a
new thing well there's a your land
that's right
okay cool yeah they're into beta Google
I did people wow how did you land did it
was like smooth and funny-looking all at
the same time I haven't moved my feet
yet look at if you don't need to okay
it's perfect amazing I'm so fast I can't
even speak
get it that's the angle that's game we
need you let's told my finger I was like
the best table five-o ever done Sam you
did a great job it is so dinky coming
this way yeah it's way worth coming to
place everything you did was very
impressive patient thank you like the
flippin gun on the stove and got on the
I came to the spot I'm like hey old
kickflip I'm not gonna do it again
sippin for the fact that I don't want to
go get that it's like the thickness
makes it super weird
so thank you JC I'm out here yep thank
you for filming and you gotta use you
can write down the info if you want to
see more from this wacky Bruce can we
try a 500 cross that's far less he'd
have to offer yeah on my way I will film
it my table oh hi you have a good rest
your day I'm gonna hard folk or more I
drop my oh my water is gone that sucks
help oh my god
no details I did fail all right that's
all amazing this skateboard I have not
been doing it I just started
skateboarding consistent again recently
I feel like I'm getting a lot of my line
normality back in skateboarding but that
was a fun session I'm going to go home
right now and go immediately into the
shower as a huge beetle trying to get to
my car
alright I'm home and showered and here
he is toast America come here justice
clear she had you too huh is toast
come here he is such a good dog for
mellow and cuddly okay you're doing all
right so far on your living my face do
you like toast yeah he's pretty pretty
awesome missing what do you like what
are you doing what are you doing what
what are you trying give me a mohawk Wow
is it working Wow kind is it something
up though dude
okay just running away character stupid
in the house today
oh my gosh my car no he's a puppy he'll
get better it's like a craziest fort
you've ever built he'll do it go go in
oh my gosh how you doing can you all the
way around
make sure the next thing there is not
much because well you got some you got
some construction to do yeah
okay so we are about to film a hot
popcorn video you even write and write
ins going to be a non variety of
channels the other be fun but there's
grease already on my hands you just
touch the bag in Greece habanero popcorn
oh it is house hot popcorn dude okay
you like it not smart like that's hot
isn't it like how was it was a hot oh
yeah yeah I feel like the aftermath is
worse for him than the everyone is
always worse do you reckon we're even
from she is cool down hey you plant
touch hey throw it over here
did you get it did you get it get here
get here yeah come here give me here
I'll throw it
we're coming toast I've got your bowl
aah crash Bowl yeah you get a dog you
made you super happy yeah your B gear
can we do this one his name what's his
name
all right I didn't let thanks Evie you
need a dog yeah this is toast yeah so
you guys will see him and pretty much
all the videos forever right
except he's going to grow to be a lot
bigger he is about like three or four
months old yeah for this week and he's
going to be about 40 pounds so he'll be
like meh medium dog but he's the
sweetheart so far all right but we are
gonna have a family day with toast of
course and I think that's watching this
I just want to do a little of longest
out of the day and introducing you to
the new member of the family there he is
I'll let you go buddy
but uh yeah cool fat piece out is the
rock is another channel where Stan five
and ten and P 500 and if you guys want
to see more videos from me all you have
to do is hit where it says subscribe
right blue video and you are signed up
to see more videos for me it's free and
I would totally appreciate it I'm gonna
keep on making a part but I will see you
guys soon
tomorrow in fact so how to get time to
meantime goat and skateboard as you can
or get a puppy one of the other riding
are gonna go get another puppy ah he is
a rescue puppy
we totally hey we totally adopted
toastin me from a rescue and you're
running away oh you're a dog now no you
gotta walk over the camera goes bye-bye
back wellyou've he did it
bye-bye and the fun begins
all right good job you did it
who will win here bring back bring back
or go that way
