I just put my blood on Bryant shoes and
in the clip I look like nobody I was so
dumb I mean to put my butternut shoes
either
dude clerk's action figures yeah dude
saw those good before there is so much
stuff this is all from one store mostly
great things if you go to touristy
places the things actually happen how
many are peanuts there's video kicking
chu'lak victims
I feel like nachos like Chili's like
look it has like things what does it say
on top chicken chili cheese nachos it's
so spicy spicy deluxe now just what's
happening it's a cooking / hot video
thank you yeah appreciated despite the
name grilled shrimp and asparagus salad
my salad in fact does not have grilled
shrimp or asparagus I'm going to eat it
enjoy it nonetheless then I walk over
here and there's a packet of grilled
shrimp in the spirit well what would I
do without you Craig not you know crappy
salad thank you so we tried a new place
on your briefs and and the majority of
people who didn't like their lunch -
fine now my sailors they're being called
one sheet of goat cheese but I felt
should have been called one pound of
goat cheese salad how we're going to
beat as we in the revived team never
have waxman if you go through this babe
baked States quad baby actually need wet
it's because I have a video saying you
should always have wax so I have a video
where you're saying it so I have to look
like an idiot at all times that's why I
don't have wax are we supposed to I have
no idea oh yeah yeah there's a whole
he's going like this like I don't know
Johnny if it's not perfect Johnny's
doing it again vastly worse URL and
you're going to go like this come on do
it let me see it
right exactly I sounded super manly
right there Oh
I need a Democrat I'm gonna get him it
okay
ridin is in the fairy cage right yeah
this is where her riding the stage
breakfast foods unite you're gonna get
under my back nope not having that okay
I wanna be a monkey on okay
you also chocolate on your face do what
you do something about that
what do I need to do my phone is on one
percent you can you do something I need
to do some other yeah okay I will point
to the wall where there's mallet where
you can plug it in oh I'll get you a
cord oh babe YouTube what is up guys hey
not pi I thought that chunk of Duty
would be so much longer when I fell the
dandelions it's usually like it's just
usually way longer but fear not I have a
little montage I was like some raw
skateboarding that was filmed in the
recent trip to San Francisco so you're
going to see some familiar faces in
there I'm sure invited chris mcnugget I
know is skating okay yeah you remember
Chris yeah he's a nice dude for us me
not get on it again no it's it's
literally a human chris mcnugget not a
chicken nugget yeah but I hope you guys
like that I have a full new vlog so
coming out tomorrow so tune in for that
and then I think a new skates that I've
lined up down there put your feet right
next to my face either way I have a
bunch I have a couple of new videos this
weekend and then a bunch next week so
tune in and then enjoy this enjoy the
skateboarding what are you doing oh my
gosh
hey guys welcome to the bonus
you
