what's up guys this video is the first
off state thank you so much to everyone
who grabs take over the world and just
the whole summer launched what was so
awesome take over the world outdid
liftgate die which is our first
full-length skate video that came out in
I'm really glad this one did better
because it is way better the live skate
die this one we actually got to put some
time into and make and it feels like a
really much better polish piece let's
skate die was kind of we just threw
stuff together and made a video and I
want to say thank you to everyone who
came out to the premieres the since
anyone was insane there was like five
six hundred people there the West Coast
premiere at the Braille House of course
had to be smaller because they had to
control the amount of people in the room
but it was super fun watch the videos
you guys hang out meeting you all that
stuff it's just a reminder of you know
why we do this you know to actually go
talk to everyone watch the videos and
eyeglass and goof off with them it was a
really cool time I liked it look at this
face
tell me just mate doesn't like that
alright whatever showed up in it now our
other reason I want to make this video
is to thank all of the musicians and
artists who let us use their music ok so
I'm going to go down the list I'm going
to play a little sample of the song and
I'm going to put all the links to all of
this up right down there so if you hear
a song you like or if you've seen the
video and you really want to know what
the song was and you didn't check the
credits because it's all in there links
to their music is right in the info and
I definitely urge you to check out and
support these artists they're awesome
they're all very very nice people and it
was a pleasure working with them ok
and the way I said that made the sound
like I was joking or sarcastic but I'm
not these are awesome people out there
the intro was foxy Shazam ok this song
was welcome to the Church of rock and
roll and before I even go into it here's
a clip it here's here's a sound bite
so there you go very high-energy song
these guys are actually from Cincinnati
Ohio and I saw these guys kind of rise
to start them if you may I think they're
actually on hiatus right now but
talented dudes they were just happy to
let us use the song which was awesome
because I've been listening to it for a
long time and I love this song I had a
lot of energy I knew about it for like a
year or so before the video came out I
think I want to use that song for the
intro so I came out awesome
it matches the energy and I definitely
interested to check out the rest of
their stuff because they're very
talented and off-the-wall not the normal
rock you're used to hearing these days
and it's really refreshing
number two Sam vessel okay so this is a
band named Poppa and the song is hush
little baby so here's the song
super catchy we were actually talking to
this band about Josh's song in the video
and then they were like well we want you
to use too and I was like well that's
great because I actually want to use too
this song has so much energy and I think
it really fits Sam vessel skating and it
came out awesome Sam vessels part is
probably one of my favorite his and
Johnny is John's of course everyone is
really good but vessels and Alex either
way vessels has a special spot for me
because it came together so tight and
well and best riffs so he liked the
sound check it out Thomas is part the
band is wooden waves the song is my
fiend at night let's listen to it
yeah I had no idea what I want to use
for Thomas departing he didn't give me
any like sort of informational as some
people are like hey on this next song I
want this fun and then I got to work
with the touch find a song for him but I
just used it and he ended up seeing this
video part like almost just before the
premiere and he liked it so it turned
out really well but I thought it was a
good vibe there's a little Bell or
because you're coming off the intro and
Sam vessels part with a lot of energy
and then Thomas is part it was a little
mellower and his bitch accounts are
relaxing vibe because you need the video
to go up and down and up and down and
his was a nice soothing calm heart
awesome skate tricks as of course
because it's Thomas and he is mellow
vibe in a good way check them out
Alex buting's part oh my gosh this is
one of my favorites too it came together
so awesome I love Alex is skating in
general but the song is by mainland
okay who's been in my videos before and
the song is not as cool as me let's
listen to it
so yes mainland they've been in one of
my videos before every single one of
them is really cool down to earth their
music is so catchy and good for skating
and this one had a lot of energy and I
knew I wanted that with with Alex's part
just because I his tricks are so
interesting and I came out really
awesome so I was because part rules
check out mainland you'll probably hear
them in my videos soon you might hear
all these people in my videos eventually
but definitely check them out because
they're good they're really good dudes
Doug so this one came from Facebook I
asked you guys to submit your own music
and this is my basement dweller the song
is your drugs on brain and I thought
it's just especially with with Doug's
technical precision and whatnot I just
thought it had a good little catchy
indie rock vibe to it and it turned out
really well so here's the song
I put it with the skating it came out
was really cool hit him up on Facebook
and he was very happy to let me use it
so thank you to basement dweller like I
said you know if you want to hear more
there's there's the SoundCloud links or
whatever down below max this song is by
all them which is called dirt preachers
I actually had a different song picked
out for max but then he was really set
on this let's do it that makes sense
this is totally a max song and of course
where well was footage so here's the
song let's listen to it there you go
if you watch this part he lands a tender
and it keeps going and everyone's kind
of like celebrating you know high-five
em and it's going on out of focus
because the garage was really dark we
were in how does that was so cool it was
really have done it obvious check those
guys out they're right down there
I'm gonna keep saying that after every
single one so don't get annoying too
fast cuz it's going to keep happening
Josh Cass part this is where the
original papa song came in the song is
called ain't hid so and for Josh Katz is
learning the most Josh cat song ever I
heard all the gift that makes sense
gonna go there good we were skating I
know you like this that's really mellow
vibe and he has so many tricks that it
fits it really well because it's like a
long part and he killed it my gosh she
killed it button the songs awesome let's
listen to it
there you go you see how like that
constant chugging just keeps the park
going it was really cool it's good to
the ears so if you like that down below
super cool those guys to let us use two
songs I think that's the only band that
we use two songs of and uh really good
and you tell by the difference of like
vessels part to Joshua's part then they
have such a diverse sound so I'm eager
to listen to more of those guys the
friends / family part okay so why it's
friends fest family one world with one
big family but specifically the
FlowRider there in this section so you
have Casey you have Ryan Bracken you
have Justin Ellison and then you have oh
gee team writer Sam flue Hardy in there
and then all of our ever talented
friends are in there is a really cool
section and I wanted high energy for
this I wanted some catchy rock and I
went to blitz kid I've been I've known
the band blitz kid for a long time
awesome dudes and they have such a huge
volume of amazing catchy horror rock you
need to listen to it if you've ever
liked the misfits check out blitz kid
they're so good
but this song was she dominates and here
it is it's all its glory she is
I don't know I don't know what I was
doing my hands I probably to match up
the actual song but that good kid you're
never going to hear more of this type of
music either by old with kid songs or
one of the frontman Goolsbee actually
started a new project that he's crushing
it with it I'm going to use some of
these stuff suited to come so watch out
for it but in the meantime check that
out whatever the next errand Cairo
Leopold and his fiction is the band and
a song is better off alone so I knew
when I reached out on Facebook this is
one of the bands to hit me up and I love
the sound it was just so perfect for
skating I showed Aaron it I like to do
something for this band I did I know is
the vibe you're going for and he found
this song and he himself plugged into
the skating and went really good here's
a song
really cool vibe to it it really fits
Aaron Kara's skating so so deadly check
out more songs because I like that he's
kind of a diverse sound to where it's
the same sound but like just different
directions and moves with the songs and
all of it is really awesome and catchy
so I like what it does to my ears so
check it out
saber said we picked out his own song I
have no idea how he found this band this
is the plastics band these actually
these dudes actually skate really cool
they live down in South Africa and this
song is called Ilona and it's awesome
and catchy like the second I heard I
don't think this is my Sam Tabor video
of our song ever is perfect so here's
the song let's listen to it there you go
really catchy sound perfect for skating
especially for like the the more artsy
style that Sam goes for and I love it it
just made sense to my ears mitts as my
eyes devilish I got more these guys my
song okay it's been is a coheed and
cambria song which has been a dream of
mine to skate to go eat the band was
super willing and is just awesome I got
literally like in Wayne's World
words like I'm not worthy when I was
skating as a song and I would like to
get more footage to really use more of
the song but it's one of my favorite
songs of all time so here it is
and I am
gosh I love that song and I'm just so
honored that I would ever be able to
skate this so thank you Co Inc area and
then definitely check them out you'll
I've been preaching about codeine for so
long now so you're going to keep hearing
about it they're another they're the
best I've met the dudes I've done videos
with them really cool dudes listen to it
put your ears on co-ed daily and I don't
remember I said I was down with the
destitute I probably did I probably said
that Johnny so this is actually both
Thomas a song and Johnny song are from
my buddy JP Coover's record label yeah
his record label amongst all the other
things he does so Venice is sinking in
the band and the song is Pulaski Heights
and I just basically i D
I sent Johnny a link to 1% press and he
was just able to like go through all of
the different bands whatnot and it was
funny because the medicine or the other
bands that I was like these guys selling
didn't feel really good with the Johnny
skating Pulaski Heights works perfect he
picked it now like that makes sense
let's do it and the whole vibe is a song
it kind of sounds like all those
gorgeous spots over in Switzerland and
you know in Europe in general I feel
like the sound of this song matches it
perfectly really cool vibe and
especially with Johnny's technical
smooth skating
you're going to like this so check it
out
and thank you to JP and Wright and 1%
press and medicine sickening for letting
us use it John I had absolutely nothing
to do with the editing of this part or
the song he just sent me the part and
that's what it was the song is really
cool was very John Hale and especially
it matches the editing that his
girlfriend Sarah did to the video part
and I was really cool about the song is
milk-bone the artist is happy dog house
and the song is Milk Bone and it's just
it's perv or John blows listen to it
there it is very John hilly and like I
said matches the editing really cool so
if you like what you heard definitely
check out the link below for them the
only other song is the credits who I
used to be in this band this is the
epidemic and the song is Esmerelda like
play like three shows with them and I
helped write some stuff here and there
but I think they ever used it either way
my dude Nate wells
Ryan chambers who works here the
strength quarters he was in the band
before me it's like family you know so I
was really happy to use this and get it
out there and I'm sure Nate is always
going to be producing music I use a lot
of his music on my channel so you're
gonna hear more of it but check out
paranoia house that's who let me use it
which is Nate's company I will link that
down below of course and yeah they're at
whore rock epidemic horror Rock Daggett
let's do it let's do it let's do it
a lot of energy you'll hear more of this
in my in my video that's for sure but
thank you need the epidemic is honored
to have this video and that is it
all the rest it should bonus raw footage
stuff like on the devoted section of DVD
and the after credit section but there's
a lot of cool stuff of the DVD tip so
that it this video is probably way long
ago to meant to be I really want to make
this video just say thank you to all of
the musicians artists bands etc it was
so awesome to get this soundtrack
together I think it's a really strong
soundtrack diverse that just moves the
video long this video would be nothing
without all of this music please support
these artists and then of course just
support support music in general you
know like if you hear a band you like
like download some their stuff give back
to them and let them help support them
do what they do because so much of the
music online is just like oh just don't
for free so I mean supported the grab a
t-shirt do something tomorrow I have a
new video I forget what's coming out
tomorrow but it'll be good I have a ton
of awesome videos on the way we've been
working on - we want revenge's so those
are come out sooner or later and then
god thank you guys for watching I hope
you have a great day it's nice deciding
to go out to skateboard you want to pick
up a copy of take over the world it's on
the shrinker comm and then there's a
digital download or the physical copy
which has way more stuff on it and it
comes with a nice presentation so I urge
you to do that personally I like
physical copies but that's it guys I'm
still have that office on this couch
anymore I'm going to leave in the music
and takeaway so have fun start on a
couch
