got a package for arrived
where else Wednesday I like destroyed
him I got a package gr2 project this is
going to be the funnest warehouse
Wednesday we've ever done why is it
going to be a good whiff you guys just
got right there that guy that one right
there
Gabe Cruz is up for the whole yes I am
waiting my entire look at Aaron Kai
right here oh yeah they're in Cairo
we're gonna do him actually is that
going yeah but you're you're here you're
here there I'm gonna help him out I'm
gonna like mental and yeah you're going
to help me out
we are so good to have you in town but
this week we are going to warm up your
new for tricks and it's going to get
your cool and then you're going to do an
NB d no okay you said that way too fast
we gonna make a dramatic this week on
warehouse Wednesday Aaron Cairo will
warm up with four tricks then we will
present a mystery challenge to him and
then after that you have to do it end
the BD your chem Institute a mystery
challenge yeah those matters like this
transmitted amount yeah well it's good
he's never had to do anything weird have
I'm running away that is true you know
that wasn't my college stuff alright
also know hey this is James V I'm fine
okay do you accept if you if you win you
get a mystery prize does even though the
NBD is going to be the style I will talk
about that will right now I'm not some
flexibility F do it node 1440 1440 1080
I get there I think holding 12 it yet no
10 1080 1260 1444 that the enemy is
negotiable but you have to do it you
have 10 minutes to do it and if you do
get missed your prize if not we could
eat you with water bloons 10 minutes 10
minutes
Oh kool-aid a water balloon of kool-aid
let's go okay alright I'm in that was
all effects hi
karma killed the karmic well yeah if you
time off you can't expect much and the
box is open you guys even delivering a
cool thing all right 30 dears thanks
Laurie oh wow
here we go hey uh yeah everyone's okay
hey you somehow sweatshirts and I into
the second variety pack Sarlacc yeah
shred course looks a little different
but is it you got to do four tricks and
be anywhere in the whole park can't pee
or do I have to like pump on it then
I'll get such a good angle let's go so
what do you guys usually do in Aaron's
ping um we usually get five videos done
edit them and upload them due to a
zipper does it but does like Reese has a
very productive penis I really want
coffee right now yeah and I want to
deliver to me I make you breeze could do
that maybe but if not I want to start a
service called cop on you okay hey I'm
gonna start a coffee service that it's
like uber with coffee and you're edgy
let's cook off on you that's a really
bad name it great good time
I would've you're a pathetic I would use
it right now you would I get call Tom so
for tricks the first trick you have to
be holding your home for trick yeah a
warm-up tricks yeah good thing I did my
Pilates this morning
yes technically that was one one yeah
or volt nerd one I can't do anything no
you do Stu tricks in the McCabe smile oh
wait wait
oh good that was I know I like that
instead of glided up again spread your
wings did go in wherever you want there
are so many starburst randomly in the
car first everywhere smile look they
didn't fall for that
I think he smiled there Wow he said it
was laughing I was really good
you're warm whatever your mystery
mystery challenge time it's a two-parter
okay first you can post involved in this
first I want you guys to arm-wrestle
Dave in art yes okay just took a hard
twist of something I did not expect
today but do you agree yes you're right
there gage we're going New Mexico rules
on this i yeah
totally got you okay hobbies Fred's
Aaron broke my arm right now got the
cool action going on right there yeah
trust me
well new mister rules oh that get to
that how I think I just felt my arm to
dislocate right there he utilized his
New Mexico rules I'm gonna give you a
high five
thank you the second part of the mystery
remember warm up the second part in the
mystery challenge is you have to do a
blindfolded oh ha
best of all shot from the line ah oh
yeah no problem
a Braille beanie from the Braille story
okay yeah I can do it I can clearly see
your eyeball yeah everything and I
taught you here okay that was that was
better than you're better than the shot
oh it was really his father that was it
I thought oh he had a ha ha judging by
interaction at winning it would get your
whisker out whisker yet your whisker you
know things take time
that was actually awesome
does if any idea what is doing what are
you doing here I don't know won't even
get out well you take me to think about
it now before we hit the clock we're
going to do a NBD manual never deal no
big deal no big deal is it never been
done are we talking never been done by
anyone yeah yeah anybody oh gosh
you got okay I have to think that is I
have to distill one's done that
immediately no one's on that aha you're
you're going to be tired
that's good that's been done yeah been
about a minute and 40 seconds and he's
having a rough time he's not doing much
he's not going to do with the ayah
Phaethon Aaron is going to do it
I'm normally pretty invested I'm very
busy
that is something I don't look like
Nakhla and then he'll just do it I'm
telling you to do it you're right you
will good time to spare I'll call that
it's a half minute and gave literal you
said it'll look like he's not closing
just to do it and they did it now I get
any marks I'll get you more yeah well I
was just answered what have you seen it
I've never seen that it was a manual
nose manual to manual manual to nose
manual yeah up a mountain have you ever
seen that do you think that was an MPD
yet yes you've ever seen somebody do
that know what we're talking about
Walker walking yes it was talking about
his trick oh okay people walk before see
what Manny knows Manny Manny knows Manny
Oh a like mountain of rocks
whoa okay so I had confession made for
specific history for Hartmann I forgot
here we'll go to the store after this
nibs
as amazing
I'll grab it four and a half minutes
long he's on to amazing tricks
I don't know why is rolling rolling over
there like I'm gonna be going in the
tent and he won't be stopped Andy I'm
sorry I'm gonna go try to remove him
from a state board good luck with that
time limit but you filled it three
freakin tricks so you hundreds and did
it
bogus we're a play music and now it's
time here mystery price which I kind of
forgot so I'm gonna go buy something I'm
going to arrive and buy you something
have that yeah there's suit actual
things it's a water water go yeah this
is legit yeah that could be fun and then
$30 $2 or whatever else you know all
those rush shops that guy's amazing
that's too much and this guy's channel
popped up right there you're probably
already subscribed to it but he does a
lot of fun videos this could be in her
nose could be in it we could fit this
super-fun skateboarding videos and thank
you for all you do for skateboarding
bras thank you thank you all you can say
for me well they're already here so now
I got to go there kill it it sounds like
a while ago yeah all right well I'm
gonna go guys look you have the spot yes
goodbye
Wow
