it is here you go toothbrush toothpaste
on it
oh those a flamingo at first White House
Wednesday weirder to you
what do you mean weirder yes it's weird
it's a stuffed toothbrush very weird
there's too much toothpaste that's a lot
to this shortened hunter you you are
getting so lucky today because cuz
really don't my clothes
we're gonna walk it is force spring
release today but we are still making
you to a challenge and you will have a
chance to win something really cool okay
bet we're really getting shapes all
right come on incompletions where'd you
get that toothbrush why do you have that
we're gonna so like here it was seven
bucks I was I was like why was that bad
I don't know why IKEA would make it if I
see a huge stuff for under seven bucks
I'm gonna buy it it's way too much to
the dentist office yeah okay you
we are gonna unveil the new products
which is rad if the new products are rad
say it's a do you know come on your
mouth red but first we're gonna make
Jordan do three tricks on the new hubba
and they've got to be the very best
tricks you've ever done in your life
okay and then the seconds you're gonna
have to kickflip all of us okay you get
it off a ramp okay I'm into that
is it bad that he says that that like
there's not a doubt in his mind then you
can keep the ball started will get that
will get brian chambers to yeah we will
we will be great if you got Ryan's game
know he's gonna kill Fedor
oh why have you ever kissed a girl
because for the money he skated the new
legit it's the group it's the most fun
thing here it is really fun
alright do you want to just leave like
this and do your three tricks yeah tell
them to do five minutes which q5o switch
cooked it I almost
dude you should lay on that
the way Casey and him made it out is if
he had tried it for a period of time and
failed and then you did a second try
surprise hit the front button well
Amanda yeah I was really angry today I'm
not angry I'm just telling you you're
hot he kisses girls for money her kid in
the past you did oh now you kiss wife
for and you give her Megan yeah but she
makes it she is career and she makes her
own money she does spend this Mike that
she might give to you she kisses you
these are the best burial healed it
looked like he like did not trot he was
you know yeah how did he land that there
that a dude so weird we're certain top
your head oh that's a hat that's camo
okay
Oh Brooks Lam stuck it Jesus ollie -
Biff brah if you're bored for you buddy
kind of hurt
yeah look at her are you okay yeah are
you gonna be okay that'll be fine have
you ever not been okay yes I'm sorry
it's okay
that was easily the most beautiful trick
you've ever done are you aren't you glad
aren't you glad he redid it for my
eyeballs yes for my time no that was
alright there's a you're getting off
easy on this too because there's only
like four friends here but you're gonna
have to kick flip kick flip is all you
have to kick flip us and I'm one of the
people getting kick flips so I gotta
stripe on it I'm the last person please
don't hit me I'll try not to know so you
do have a reward at the end of this if
you do this kick alright are you ready
why risk a Cove ever why would you want
to clean it that was the coolest and
scariest moment
thank you you are too don't you equip
you don't you ever do that to me again
do do it to me again though I'm gonna
give you a surprise prize after we tell
everyone here about product force is
coming out this weekend
sure is thank you for getting a kickflip
and frontside flips last weekend revive
stuff came out this weekend for stuff
comes out and it's some good great it's
great stuff hi this is my favorite force
line in a long time do I say that every
time every time this time I mean is all
right this could fly off know that like
that I have a cheat sheet here with some
names on it each okay
okay the first the best thing that we're
releasing is that perfect how amazing
does that look it comes on look and then
I'm pretty sure you can have a sticker
of the non stickers you could if you
want to stab us like a weird cut out of
join us that says the shrink wars comic
bottom stuff like that so yeah look at
this what if you had a binder or a
folder wouldn't you want to put these on
there yeah these are SWE's you get two
of those you get two now you get two of
these two of these for five bucks it's
true that's amazing Tomas alvarez de
Becker cap new Thomas is here
you missed the opportunity get kickflip
Thomas alright we're Thomas you wear
shirts and so does people that I know or
say sure same shirt that I'm wearing
right now okay there it is so yeah
little purple it's purple it's like
maroon purple it's a maroon it's a this
is heather maroon it was really so is
Thomas's hair not being on his body
anymore
this is the wavy was it called away be
called wavy um yeah it is it's called
the net it's called next Jordans right
sir force that's why he's doing this
next is this son yes you know they tell
the moon rises sons moon rise sons have
you ever seen a moon come up over the
sea yes looks exactly like it and also
the Sun setting also this could be on
ugh something in the 90s that would make
sense it's true alright next sir
continuing with t-shirts this looks like
a cufflinks this is coffee flavored
frosted flakes color what the roasted
flakes no no yes and that's the coffee
flavored tea we have long sleeve shirt
oh my lord that's mine that's why we
call it honesty we call it the tank tea
we're not calling the detective the
Khloe called thomas the tank teeth no
it's like dual blue matching logo yeah
classic force logo that's why it's
called double blue it's not called John
who isn't wearing this right now moving
on to some wheels for the fun stuff okay
so we have this wheel it comes in 52
millimeters I don't have a name for it
yet
um what's called the 90s slash the Beast
awesome colors force wheels got the
slash thing happening 52 millimeter goes
on and you're good to go that's why
these are called the good to go
not coffee good this is very like
simplistic but yet simplistic we have
the sunset comes in in rise 54 look at
it so yeah it's kind of hard to tell but
it is the moon rise graphic you saw on
the shirt on the wheel sunset it's star
storm time it's not star star star store
time these are little baby 4 stars
falling through sky
53 millimeters that's why it's called a
star storm it's not called stars it's
the PSI attack and earthbound I like
that build ah it's not it I will hack
the site I will change your passwords
that is called star storm okay thank you
alright something new I'm actually gonna
open these wheels because I want to show
these hold your hold your board up let's
see let's see the shape of these wheels
these are good just solids usually your
normal wheels
yeah Street shape introducing a new
shape this season this is a conical
wheel yep look at a new shape so it's a
little bit wider and it's got its gonna
help you lock in your tricks a little
bit there's good for Smith grinds people
the Sun setting somehow my warehouse
yeah but so this is a conical wheel
that's Co n IC al that is why you tend
to be confusing we are naming this the
comical wheel no I'm super excited that
we're introducing it finally a new
shaped for squeals this is really cool
yeah you will you will travel everything
pebbles not yeah we'll be locking into
some people's with this thing yes it's
uh so there's the spring release guys a
very retro 90s vibe and we love it and
we hope you guys dig it too that's this
Friday night at midnight on the Shred
quarters calm technically saturday is
the release so when it switches over to
Saturday Eastern Standard Time all this
stuff is released time to get some new
wheels guys this stuff's really rad I'm
switching to these immediately Thank You
JP couvert yes he did good things Thank
You Jordan for doing this now let's go
get your prize all right Saturday shred
course calm what do you think you're
getting I honestly have no idea I mean
you have a big giant toothbrush stuffed
thing in your hands I do yeah look at it
I could honestly be anything it really
could be oh no yep it's all yours yes
that is all yours moving aside leader
the load yeah dude also I know where
some money is in Brian Eames debt room
in his office if you want some are you
okay dropped the $10 bill myself out of
my pocket
I'm giving Jordan Jordan there you go
thank you thanks dude you want to go
skateboard I do let's go do it
and lions are attacking him yeah you
literally look like a pile of leaves
with lions what are you doing oh yeah
the graphic look we got for him thanks
but no reminder
