YouTube what is sky you are taking my
words hey you give us s - alright iPad
it's not circle toys five but here's
more during this video guys riding is
going to try Aiden skateboarding tricky
isn't landed yet okay cancel my keys but
it's kind of like that and then he's
going to pick a new skateboard for me
but first we finally found a fish
spinner that's small enough to fit
ridings hands actually we've got more
let me see i won well you don't get to
keep this my gosh got a lot of Sun okay
so we did a fidgeter video which did
extremely well I'm glad you guys liked
it but dude you totally could not hold
up your hand could you yeah and then his
grandma meemaw got these form and these
I think he hasn't actually tried it are
totally smaller won't give me my house
not sure wasn't it you just kiss you -
no no not me Mom right put this like
this and see if you can spin like that
okay make sure your fingers are like
that and then spin it but it but it
works the hell was a good way
high-five we're going to open up this
one now and see if this is the different
it looks small enough but I don't know
this small of these this is fidget wild
Premium spinner oh yes whoo kind of cool
grips ready
I was smooth leave that you do it with
one your figure does it work all it
works put up in there now try to go to
one finger watch so you hold it like
this oh you're doing it alright get it
spinning again and then Dennis spinning
again another one finger you dropped
your good and contain a nice pickle
thing you can do it get it going
don't throw it at the cat oh there's so
much junk under here do you get to clean
that oh well there go Bob you had it I
feel like if you're just around Star
Wars things will help you Dallas Cowboys
that was the power of Star Wars look at
it it's just not sobbing I know see so
we're totally worked
Thank You Star Wars so there you go
you're finally fidgeting it's funny
because he's so into these things much
like all kids are this is one fad that I
really don't mind at all a lot of things
that go around it just gets kind of
gnawing these like I like I have a
friend that honestly like digis a lot
and he's in love with them and I was
like that's cool was like that's the
purpose but I don't really understand
why everyone is assessment why do you
think fish spinners are cool if you
didn't bring anything on our trip
listening you're owning for the games
you can play wishing to have fun dresses
okay you honestly like just going like
this and doing something with your hands
and yeah and you can pray about it at
each you can really play that on the
beach there you go that's water cool
maybe everyone out there honestly just
likes fidgeting with it you know there's
not really many tricks you can do I just
did that one though this one is actually
this one grips are really cool okay so
the last bit of ketchup in our video we
did it I did a bunch of tricks we have
fun with it I'll link it at the end if
you guys want to see more fidget spinner
fun but Ryan wanted to do another
fidgets para staying in a video and then
I know you guys kept asking for it
because of the first one so there you
guys go I don't know where grandma got
these but this one we totally got at
Target so most people live near a target
of some sort or you can just type in
Minnie fidget spinner on eBay or Amazon
or something I'm sure you can find it
right either my grandma gave you those
of the year for this we're going to give
you somebody are you ready to go
skateboard let's go skateboard high-five
wah wah you got to be in the high five
dude that one's out meaning it super
high five
no gun no no don't know what that did
not feel good are you in yeah eight but
dude you have to learn how to ollie
before you do in those blunt goofy dude
I love you it'll be only five minutes
buddy
that is making out what you are yeah
your helmet on your radio did I you had
me sign your helmet I can't remember you
start my truck it every time I see it
I'm skating I get so happy you just get
in the darker you turn the lights on
what time
Acts chapter eight bring it guys are
dead I am untied to do it as a
gastrostomy
yes if you've been watching my videos
you've seen them do it off this that's
not that hard firm but the other day you
just ran in here when all the guys were
in town and you started trying it off
this and you totally had it dude you
rolled away like four feet then fell off
today's the day you're going to roll
away right thank you have to act at two
but you have to you can flex like it's
like a finger to double flip faster up
not doing it all that I'll do it off
that that is like such a trick that you
can get hurt on hopefully I don't get
hurt you claimed you could do it first
try okay you're going to hold the board
out step to the ledge over the ledge
okay and you're going to throw it and
put a foot here and here and spread your
feet out okay yeah you can drop down
okay well you automatically did not do
it first try but that's okay you don't
want you want to warm up on the ground
first you want to it on the ground just
a regular one just want to go for it
okay make sure you're holding your board
up past the ledge okay
there you go yeah oh my gosh it looks so
cool in the in ulema sofa you ready
please like that on the last clamp I'm
going to put it on the business of the
video make sure you're looking at the
board and you want to spread your feet
out kay oh that was good do it yeah it's
like yeah you totally did not spray your
feet out but you still landed it you
want to try to land it with your feet
spread out I'll get a top angle me yeah
oh that was that was better
Amir I'm so proud of you that was
awesome
there you go trash of it kya pops up
just like you do on the carpet board how
did that feel okay that'll be another
session on it and asking didn't kill
flip at the glass here all right I'm
going to try the one flip first okay I
got lucky there I almost didn't rotate
it alright double flip hi ready I'm
should it go
love it there you go right I did it
is that your skate dance well right I'm
about to do a new set up video so you
can help me pick out skip worry okay
know which have you a new board alright
so what I do for a living if you guys
are new to watch my video is I own a
skateboard company with my buddy it's
called a revived skateboard we had a my
online skate shop the straight course
calm and we're going to pick a board
from our new revived summer line where
do you get that
that is Casey tape let's put it back on
Casey's desk Casey doesn't even do tape
anymore okay so alex is death so there's
this there's this deck we have the whole
team alright you could make me skate
that one right
Bryan's on the team he's just he just
owns it with me but Brian is on that
desk over here
Eames Bros to look they're in
underground the master board all shiny
and gold it's awesome you can see look
you literally see yourself I get see you
in there question yeah yeah so since I
just hear one of the products let's
choose between those okay which one do
you want to there's one with all the
team members the Eames Bros or the
master board which one Ames great care
Ames Rose - all right I'll do that one
all right Ames Bros it is thanks for
choosing my deck Afghan I love you okay
so you guys for hanging out with us
today I do videos here all the time and
a lot of them are with him he loves
making videos with me so but if you want
to see more videos just hit the
subscribe button right down there it's
super simple and it helps me out you
just click where it says subscribe and
you're signed up to see more free videos
but we're gonna have fun rest of the day
we're hanging out family aren't we you
got yoga with our boys you're just made
a bunch of wheels following us I'm
wrecking this okay you guys have a great
day and we'll see in the future for
acting bye
yeah hey I'm proud of you you did really
good today all right how do you back
there oh you don't
it looks very fun to be back cause five
years old but you're not allowed to get
back there you broke you wreck
everything
well how do you play on later guys
you
hey how's laying up in a pile of trash
bagel yeah no yes I will take it okay
I'm going to give this somebody random
