Rosetta Blair dinah'll oh yeah thank you
just to thank you even more I would
never hit you with my car because I
would see you there you go yeah I'm very
shiny oh hey it's been a second since
we've actually done video together how
long sex level hugs you know we've
already done this day yeah direct Novak
is doing freestyle for this video okay
and you got to learn a trick okay I'm
down yeah okay Brett I feel like there's
something easy that I can learn that I
just have any be a try this is what's
the thing we should we should tell our
behind right I'm John Hill I remember
the first time we met hi I want a
challenge thing to happen I want you to
teach him like an entry level freestyle
to a burn injury that anyone can wear
anything John Hill is challenged know
the demon I should tell me now yeah just
go teach about free software report you
pointed you in the eyeball sorry I
didn't notice that this view is
something look at the prettiness oh
that's kind of weird but it's pretty
very uh wrong movie 20 bucks video a
kickflip on top of that thing I will do
it you'll not once you do an entire
update about what's happening right now
you want me to do it a trick on this
little like over the sea cliff that I
could just flip out and die right as
well yeah life is a skateboarder now I
need a skateboard so oh my god joking
around it did like are you trying to end
your trip no maturely
are you done this is like free sketchy
action I now I feel bad oh I was worried
about the board not your life oh my gosh
is it that dude is there's like no that
mountain is not this it is this don't be
here dude it straight down
okay give me at a board all right when
you work Wow ah ah
all right there dude you're dead if you
fall out you're dead he'll drop by to
the flag I would never stand on the
windy yeah go home I got even joking
like that was like I did lose my balance
for a second and then i overacted well
when we start the video doing something
completely different so what do you know
teacher Deb turn think because I've
watched them learn freestyle before
ending is actually really fast and so I
don't want to give them anything else
you too easy
oh god I mean you could obviously you
know the thing that I just do too much
way so how do you exactly do it all
right wait let me give an example this
does not mean you're trying to teach
like everyone at the same time you know
oh I just just I guess you could John
Hill could just do anything most the
time anyways all right no I could become
a taught anybody can do anything they
put their money now what's that called
very consistent yeah you good nug apply
finger double now republic paperclip is
just running figures and first-person
diverse I'll do it you're right okay
I've never done the qur'anic single
Oh like the percentages yeah they're
real secret to sell you bring the board
up to you not go down to your okay just
like an ollie
that's all it's happening I keep doing
sorry okay Oh like the aim okay yeah
yeah and it's like a double kickflip you
just got to bring it back a little bit
further back a little don't hit too hard
with the hand it's more the board coming
up to your hand rather than you slap
correct that's really the most important
piece gotta do we have to do double yeah
all right check now put it all together
Oh too much yeah
okay I do like Oh citrine does not
attack is not Lisa
like an hour oh it was pretty good
that was good though you have your first
time can I challenge you yeah Oh God oh
no I always they conceded wow that was
mine for you a single first okay
oh good right now you have to do double
oh wow
that was like a hard I hurt my hand get
in trouble I can do a triple okay yeah
my friend shall we keep it just because
my head is on fire
how do your aunt ceil for an experienced
guy to an onyx pretty Babic yeah so
don't free stone can you do this they
always like gave you your hands are
probably not hurt yeah I'm not trying to
brag but I'm dying
thank you for doing the course know that
you learned it and your channel is
anything so thank you you have a lot of
energy of it thank you I appreciate that
hey Burton I do you watch it to describe
guys bettering your foot yeah well I
have a challenge because your hands dawn
much time I like that I know the bloody
buds that's bleeding and you the triple
a triple yeah is that way worse in your
hands absolutely way first
how'd that go that's from oh that was
careful is your hand going away he'll
let it slips the more I probably hurt
myself all you've got to do it dude oh
my group who knew freestyle is it could
lead yes see we do dangerous things
sometimes
that was so good gosh that was good
like really pleasing though doesn't look
good what Bret usually does he's great
at freestyle skateboarding I know him
and I and all of my free selling friends
mutually joke about freestyling but he's
really talents at it but what he's even
more talented at and that is a
compliment because you're good at the
pre-selling is that he knows how to hold
a camera and edit and direct and all of
us up he's a fantastic videographer and
he just released a killer video with G
Sami if you don't know who we some who
is where you're going to go watch this
video and find out because we're gonna
give a board away better than me even
much better than all of us yep so to win
a skateboard first off you need to be
subscribed to Brent okay so there we
have channel right down in the info
click it go to it subscribe and then
watch his newest video which is the
sambhu video and you're going to just
comment what you liked best about it and
say I entered ok so comment what you
like best and say I entered one comment
per person and you can win anywhere in
the world yeah if you're younger than 18
make sure your parents know because you
have to go is your address so yeah we're
give you a skateboard of your choice
from the shred course calm and maybe
some extra goodies I'd shake your hand
but ya don't get really wouldn't
recommend it please don't do that
so yeah we do this some of that we'll do
the album yeah just here elbow shouldn't
touch my omelets not good thank you for
being in this video thank you thank you
for having me break my fingers and if
you guys were confused about any of that
what I just said all of the content
information is right down on the info so
check it out
but I do videos here all the time so I
will see you guys soon and I'm going to
do some golf camera skateboarding have
fun yeah yeah should be fun I was
terrible he hit your elbow and then your
other hell will hit my sore my muscle
soreness blood and sores
I got this awesome spot guys one skate
please
I don't work it will oh is it impact
yeah I've never I've never done it for
fun okay okay oh my god all right I'm
all excited because you said last try
and you just did it that is true that
was good
