do you get a sticker dude Brett is the
greatest dude in the world
he's pretty good too man and eat raw now
while I'm on this list to tell you then
you give me my Wonder here without you
okay give you crap I'm not aging a guy
we have like we have a brother and
sister board right now you're Doug I'm
Eric here's the sister oh you're always
what's up guys I'm doing a blog aside
here in LA which I still don't like that
word after I used to use it for years
now years maybe no II think years of
doing August joy can wait you're doing
this way it's been a long time but today
we're headed to a spot that I've never
been to it is a ditch up in North
Hollywood Valley type area with William
Spencer he's been forever an inspiration
to me amazing talented creative to
understate him you guys are going to
enjoy this day so hang out hang out with
us he's also spider
he's also actual spider-man he was the
stunt double for ADA Garfield in the
mazes program so he did like the actual
spider again stuff he's actually more
really better man than me but way more
of a spider-man than spider-man was so
okay switch gears I'm learning how to
drive right now - yeah let's do it Mikey
Yoga little dogs these are the things I
love we're here right yeah Toria is
amazing this blacktop does not move I do
I rolled like two feet of horses
the lawnmower here is terrific I mean
seriously look at these edges right here
hey Christian how many people care
better watching this about both the
landscaping all this spot looks so fun
dude
the spot is it's little sketchier than I
thought but it's super unique and go I
wish Jason was here Jason kills this
place
Nigel's here yes I know that's going to
tell you why this human in a while like
at least six months
really Charlie's November then yeah well
today way too long today's our date
neurosis jumped over the bar block there
goodnight your imagine filling in a
while it's been a week cracking your
skin here this guy oh yeah Holden in the
build-up Midna ditch this building yes
all right
that's the spot where my club is at
which point at home oh it is alright so
we get to our secret Cali paradise skate
spot and not asked to leave yeah it's
weird because you know usually I don't
get kicked out at all anymore she's
super nice I don't want skateboarding
here though so I got my drop in let's go
that was scary I was are you like Mannie
Latino yeah I thought you're going to
eat it just feels like we get kicked out
and then William shows up great timing
we'll stuff away but uh next louder is
this very yeah let's go do it Liam
glasses are awesome dude try them out
yeah I got them in Korea and but they
did some I want some shocking because
when you put them on your like like at
night time is it nighttime here oh yes
bad thing yo check this out oh yeah
there dude is any scarier about you'll
be driving they'll see something you'll
see you think you're gonna get hit by
cars like Dunham in the car like yeah I
thought you're going to get a nice
Leisha she's wearing two genes could be
the new trend soon all right so right
the next spot and this is like a buffet
of skate spots you think everywhere you
look there's something's weird and
different but there's a lot of course
here - so Carlos is doing some manual
wizardry
like a technique style baby I'm telling
you I was really trying not to go to
thank you I wanted to be original this
is my contribution to the video my
transform of room
I cut it specifically to fit my trunk
great everyone's an apple the active
there's a crack here
Wow I mean you're you're on crack the
moon is already a encourage a pretty
good eye you think Dorothy Axl against
my foot in the gender wall
I'm just so surprised
dude he called it so good I love
keyboards here I was amazed me on the
porch that tree yeah I know
somehow promise you're going to provide
it now you're making it regular you're
all gonna go to Pintrest okay here we go
that was a fun session my gosh the
reason you didn't see me do more than
just the one trick is because I landed a
trick that I'm putting away to possibly
use for next video for which is the
first one feels great Carlos and William
rocks a spot I pushed on a skateboard
he pushed Stephen Phil no I gotta cook a
bread that's going to be in this bread
ahead and yeah I miss you bum I guess I
come home not tomorrow but tomorrow
night night and when you wake up on
Wednesday I'll be there okay
did you get this oh I forgot how to go
out of the forest and you here from here
to there yeah Alex wants to take super
fun dude
Wow I was like you know what you like
you're not greatest gating so every time
you land a trick you have this roll
dude what happened all right guys I'm
cutting this day off this was a super
fun day I'd like to thank this dude for
being in the video is the first time
we've actually went out and told Mia
skating yeah ever it was super fun
I died and that kind of sucked oh but
I'm good stuff among the desk right but
among the death yeah I did a great thing
we won't talk about that don't mean is a
valid part of skateboarding right yeah
falling down it's the important part but
you guys need to go check him out his
Instagram is right down there is just
rolling Spencer right what a Spencer I
William Spencer I William Spencer it's
right down there so you don't have to
ask you remember it it's on the screen
go check them out you see amazing
content he is amazing human being and he
can skate and it's fall he can do it all
mmm so uh yeah but thank you guys for
watching I'm gonna see you in another
video soon and your prices this guy
because I might be staying with Amara I
hope yeah my bus you're gonna miss bonus
clip high five I just no no you you
wouldn't believe how many times you get
done rolling away from a trick and
you're like I landed is that I told you
I'd whatever and they're just high five
just waiting in your life oh hey you
wait
that's right
