do not know it's pointing right now but
I'm telling you it's holds the rain
today what in the world was that
Lorraine observe warehouse Wednesday
yeah I got it all right
those are like week-old expired
doughnuts yes so everyone hates us but I
live with my hack that hurt they were
like rock hard dude yes a good hurt gosh
they're sitting down they're supposed to
be right here oh they're everything
expanding up and walking this direction
like as I'm paying attention do you
think they watch the videos clearly they
all walk your videos like at least I
should really know heart should know
know what feeling this is any more than
I am
anyway James Barr showing Jason welcome
back thank we're here and you would
usually do weird things to you it
happens more often where do the same
thing absolutely without clothes perfect
she's a usual case in skating naked to
warm up your do three tricks but every
obstacle thanks Isaac off that wheelies
around use to be like super up in your
personal space while we're doing it oh
really yeah all can be great and then
there's a mr. challenge and then you're
going to have to do five tricks and
they're going to be judged and he's
going to continue they're going to be
the weirdest you can be as usual you can
use any prop in the entire warehouse and
then there will be a panel of five
judges Johnnie is one of them
okay Johnny they rate you from one to
ten if you have an average of eight or
better at the end of this you will win
$30 if now okay you get to eat one of
those those drowned donuts okay okay
it's they're hard and gross they're old
they they shouldn't be consumed okay
yeah you know you good yeah all right
John Hill
will you judge station
all right high five I do that anyway get
over there you're willing to be a judge
right okay go over there you're willing
to judge on one my judges Jason Park
being weird okay darling
yes yeah I'm going to judge the judges
yeah okay good yeah nobody are they
because you're judged you Willy have on
go go stay with everybody else on those
you guys one two three four or five or
judging time officers just here I have
to judge you guys ready for it first
he's got you three warm-up tricks and we
got to crowd him okay okay we'll get all
those people we're going to do the
manual pad and you got to be loud as
annoying as you want distracted okay
much more triggers on the manual pad and
people are gonna be allowed to annoying
yeah okay
and somebody
like how is warm all day like a
three-film knows me don't be got paid in
this video yet because I've been wearing
the stupid hat
two more warm up just like that
Karen mini-ramp sounds oh this is going
to be great
over here guys so mr. challenged yeah
would you call your mom and tell her
you're going to get hit in the Wiener
with a bottle rocket we're going to do
it on John on phone oh yeah sure come on
bacon fans he's been waiting your whole
life to hear those sorry somebody get
the bottle stoppers Wow I want to game
over here you know I think that's going
to hurt is that yes gonna hurt right I
think you'll be all right
oh yeah get closer yes yes I don't like
being abortion hey mom um I'm about to
get hit in the Wiener I'm uh I'm about
to get hit in the Wiener it I mean I
love it's just happening I'm about to
get hit in the Wiener
okay whoa thanks mom I gotta go um but I
just want to let you know I love you uh
see you soon
bye mum we're about to get hit in the
Wiener and she's like well at least you
already told me you don't want to have
kids
I remember when JP did immediate arts
for you this is incredible and that'd be
his new wheel gun
yeah weird I knew dropping right there
I'm up short lucky let's go how the
judge is doing so far I need to see
they're drawing
well yeah but why they shouldn't be
drawing Superbad up as his rating all
right what you doing I'm going to go up
here and then I'm going to go around
over there I'll just fill me that works
what if you're judging on weirdness okay
he's trying to be as weird as possible
and you got to rate him one to ten at
the end of he has a rating of eight or
better on average he wins if he doesn't
he loses he's got to eat a doughnut you
have so much doughnut I know like look
at this I know
I've never seen anyone drop in through
that before oh I I forgot this to record
button cool sorry 8.5 or 85 hi pop I'm
okay 600 Johnny guy who have to fill
yeah I want to be different so I'm
giving you a nine
yeah thank you was it originally a six
no oh no no whatever three not weird
okay that's actually good that's
actually good to know or what's the
average what's the average right now
32:25 way average divided by five point
five what do I need eight point five
okay fire eight eight or higher you look
at so that wasn't weird that's good that
weird I need to step it up I need to
step it up so those are some low ratings
and I realize I need to step it up
alright so for more tricks for more
change the reason it okay this is how
you're starting hi
oh sorry yeah yeah sure I you I kind of
blew it on the first one that was you're
one of my favorite state borders of all
time you're one of my favorite humans
that ever lived in my life touch my
finger yes I give them a 9.5 my credit
you are 9.5 from ninja is pretty good
nine point three seven nine no we're not
robert davi well done next after all
that was amazing thank you oh man it's
harder
oh man you back okay
I love he killed it and then power to
ten thousand gonna wash over 9,000 Jacob
good move but not bad for the seven sex
a point on buzz it wasn't real hard
stuff 8.5 it would have been better with
noise he would have made he's got a good
point
give a real look at 8.5 8.5 your average
is exactly right okay okay so I just
need keep it above a what are you
thinking for my next trick I need a
lovely volunteer you just blow my angle
you've walked right into it
very good yeah lots of paper bogum the
said a really bad net 4 0 0 1 1
yeah this is around there stay here I
gave him my 10 also that's good Wow
killing it 1-0 baby
Jang Jimmy's waters got a perfect 10
well your perfect 10 laughs Ricky laughs
oh this is going to be terrifying
yeah let me let me see if this actually
works right this is like the definition
of how you get hurt are you ready oh my
god isn't over I can't question where
you're at your job you have to thank you
I'm going all the way
it works is the best warehouse Wednesday
you're the best - touched yourself oh oh
thank you mouthing just one now you need
he's been to 40 bucks yeah you don't
even need to do the math I'm breaking
the rules no man I got a hundred
thousand jeez
you know whatever diseases yeah we're
sick sheep oh here 9.7 country that he
is the G to the G yeah that's where it
says I give up there anyone present
against the three sir Jason more than
urban is my friend thank you right yeah
we gave you an extra ten bucks
oh really oh oh thank you guys you guys
are my friends
so there you guys go I hope you guys
like that my voice is going out forgive
me but this guy you guys know who he is
but it's want to follow them online go
to it's your every 100 years together
Instagram works alright at situation
Park sucks is right down there you want
are ready and I do videos here all the
time guys to it disturb you wanna see
more from me but that's it yourself
Brian hey
how do you feel I feel good
