YouTube what is up guys so I have a
little different video for you right and
I actually have a second channel called
turbo toy time where we do a bunch of
toy videos and today's father-son video
we do one once a week air in my channel
I'm actually just featuring a bunch of
little playtime pieces from those videos
so if you like what you see at the end
of this video go over to turbo toy time
and hit the subscribe button but right
now you're gonna get to see a lot of
goofy father-son playtime right playtime
super mega playtime yeah yeah yeah yes
Raigad there might be some lawyers in
there I don't know either way enjoy a
father-son super mega playtime hi I'm
Darth Vader staring out into space
hoping that obi-wan Kenobi is not behind
me dis enabling the tractor beam did he
do it Oh No Darth Vader didn't have any
clue oh my gosh I don't think that
happened the movie yeah you bowled with
ub Darth Vader okay hey sis we got to
swing across this chasm
hopefully that stormtrooper down there
doesn't get us I'm sworn in all right
let's go this good I'm swinging oh yeah
let's try this again oh I safely got
over here but I think you dropped your
blaster Leia oh my gosh they're gonna
get us what do we do into the garbage
chute flyboy dodge dodge I'm dodging
bullets I'm going in okay that did not
happen in the movie sir hey the walls
are closing in and the monsters gonna
get them is Luke gonna call c-3po oh
yeah much time probably just went out
the top didn't they oh my gosh he was he
gonna eat oh is it the duel between
Vader and obi-wan oh gosh is your win
Vader obviously man hey aren't we in the
wrong movies the force of Nagin's yeah
the force awakens
Oh debater get him
I think op1 kind of sacrifice himself
though didn't he yeah Luke smoking it
later guys I'll see you in the future
movies is it time for a battle yeah
looks like Mikey's up there oh wow there
fuck they're literally they're literally
falling from above it's all right guys I
learned a ninja kicker - did I get him
I'm gonna jump down yeah go I choked you
far I think he's just breaking it oh
there you go you got the monster oh my
gosh what we're gonna do right yeah
let's get up I got the foot soldier blah
and you got the rest in one swift kick
Oh
mutagen man or whatever his name is he's
gone all right well Raphael cleans house
didn't it Master Splinter it's safe to
come out all right I'll just do a Fred
flip down you have done well my Turtles
and you ride it you have done well
hey don't be mean to splinter he's a
good guy
take your dad where's Raph Dale's dead
I'm here dead
I did like second try I was amazing
that's weird to say that it was amazing
that I did it but I'm really excited
about that
whoa what's up front board yeah give me
five three two one you missed it
I've got your high-five over here my
pocket my put away no you got it
hey you got meanwhile on the desk door
oh oh you're some noises outside hey do
you think we're getting attacked and
possibly blown up you're gonna go all
right I'll just stay here kiss you blow
up no I just want to hang out yeah I
just don't really care about saving the
station I don't know he's silly isn't he
Tarkin doo doo doo let's blow this thing
and go home Luke you switched off your
targeting computer what's wrong it the
exhaust port hooked right check it out
here go go go slow motion yeah I don't
know why I would I don't know I would
have fall down cuz I have a wooden bead
space oh alright we just accept she's
got a hamburger when I came back she was
taking mine a GA tsuchi oh I know that's
what I was thinkin let's go get her
Hey
dude wampa help you okay man I can't
believe it don't modify your walking
cool I'd hit him it's good
Ollie was a hammer and now he's flying
through the air good job and we got a a
TAC team out of it and a droid a cute
little droid all right so I know that
and then tell me who you see in there
okay now come back come back come back
before he sees you
who's in there don't don't freak out
come on get a varus are you ready you're
gonna go for Darth Vader good I'm gonna
go for mr. Potato Head again all right
let's do our best hit the rock rock one
two three you're no match for me Jedi
no I have a garter you can have the car
and all of the magnets on the fridge
secret it kid that's exactly what I need
it yes did we get it
good job so here it is this is
what we're gonna help this dinosaur how
could you I'm a t-rex no would help the
dinosaur what you're dickin ride it oh
all right man I've got a sick of being a
bad guy though oh don't don't touch me
well hey I'm gonna eat your figure of
you if you keep doing that all right
that was a good finger to the guy on the
back of my head just look at the wrong
way through the tulips we got lucky and
see how it has cake as if it's
somebody'd really bad we're gonna back
up those guys should we take him are you
sure I'll be going first okay I don't
know why I'm so emotional down no guards
don't affect me
oh you saved me thank you buddy
you were so strong and courageous
what would I done ahead with that yeah
I'm sweating way too much to be filming
a toy video hmm we had fun didn't we so
there you there you guys go I hope you
dug that if you if you like what you saw
definitely go and check it out the idea
to start a toy channel it was just like
I was like well I'm playing with Retton
I mean we were goofing off and playing
anyway and I was like I might as well
make some videos and make a little side
channel and it's just I should do really
well so thank you guys already watch it
if you don't I hope you enjoyed it but
that's it we just shot this one right
here it's got boom boom balloon kind of
a fun game what are you doing with it
I would like most of the videos we do we
actually put the toys into like a little
area to get be donated to you know
families I can use them and kids that
don't have the chance to play with toys
like this so yeah I'll do two videos a
week early I don't want to do more than
that because I don't you know it's I'd
feel like I'm putting him to work and
you know we just do a couple times a
week and that's it's fun so hope you
guys like that the link is right down
there and we'll be at the end of the
video well it's not a blob balloon
what about this Charizard you get donate
then yeah why not okay bye
do not fire on YouTube don't fire
okay okay you're done there my gosh
