didn't count Kevin on it your honor but
you're kind of really also sailing with
seven seas meanwhile on the other side
of my friends here's someone about to
die Lana Leah yeah you do that and I'll
end that one um I mean I'm a big one you
a look Sloane
I mean we could try just try to do it
they keeps doing that maybe I'm sure you
could Elena that sure yeah
skate trick never been done pick it up
kickflip please don't you got to punch
me in the face dude how do i do do I go
this way
oh I'd like literally like under you
know like eyesight looks really hard you
gotta like really get it back hey man
you got some sugar it all right
Pixy Stix take those like a solder
wops I'll try to slow quit Oh Rufus hey
you're doing great good I say Hampton in
never go stayed there I can't vouch for
them never been done them he put them
and oh look at that guy look at this
back of his head oh we've got Chris
champ
now I thought I'm gonna do I'll come on
man cheer up you're not working you got
it yeah hey and tell him tell the man
dude is gonna start coming back I don't
do it man I think I'm gonna be all gone
leave it Oh Chris chance me eternally
I'm gonna tape
Wow all that was Purdy man
Hey
Oh
oh my gosh I got a lot of Sun YouTube
what is up guys so yeah this is just
like a quick random video I'm traveling
right now and I didn't have a lot of
time to put a video together so I decide
to do this random clip video I hope you
guys enjoyed it the first part I don't
know I have no idea if that's an n
beauty Ron is one of those things but I
hope you guys dug just the random
skating clip video you know I was going
to I'm not going to leave you
empty-handed so there's your skate fix
for the day but you should go skate
yourself and yeah that is it I do been
used here all the time and I got a bunch
of Awesome videos aligned up for this
week so hit the subscribe button if you
want it is right down there you just
click it and you're sad to see more for
me that's it
I'm in Gabe's office right now and I'm
not sure I can film because he's like
super professional when he has all the
stuff around here so I have this door
again it's a door I don't even know what
this makes it's probably a mail box
which now I'm thinking about it I kind
of wish to of it look at your mailbox
right here that's it I'm gonna go I'm
gonna take my sunburn red face and go
you guys have a great time
music take it away
