what did I make that based what so guys
the day in like 57 and this is going to
be a fun day because I'm not super busy
like I see the way have been it's the
first time in a long time I slept six
hours in a night like an over a week so
I'm feeling good and I'm going to get my
day started by going to run because I
haven't done that in a while and I
haven't been skating as much as I should
so it's gonna be good to move my body
let's go
bags you want to come with me
at the park by the ran is so long it's
probably going just to suck and then the
truck looking at me really weird
well the truck look a bit weird with a
guy in it is oh my gosh Colin did a mile
and I am sweating and it feels so weird
going to work this place is like 9
o'clock so I'm going to go get coffee
and get to work
leather tree I'll see you eventually
he'll information office work and
documentation and as we pee use an HDMI
look look at that beautiful face Laurie
I did mount box more precious round 2
2.0 yeah the first one was bigger wasn't
yet this one will be bigger like a shirt
thank you Jeremy thank you you're very
nice remember when these fold out hold
out they're coming tomorrow but I'm
there watching this video they can get
this yes let's go to your office do that
in KC we use plenty with a stack of two
things to sign in the meantime I like
pretty cool is short a few games don't
not ever know s-sometimes probably put
on yourself you're but I caught my shoes
on my butt no tracks so sorry
meeting done we talked about some actual
business up I didn't just go in there to
put my foot on Brad shoes my gosh
also I look really dumb in my like
exercise gear whatever this is called
Sabres work desk is a mess
Oh does he okay we had a huge weekend
for the take of the world launch along
with the summer gear here at the
strength quarters calm and there's a lot
of order starting with Sam jafari thank
you Sam Tafari but yeah I'm going to
fill out a bunch of these and then I got
a guide to support but I'm not going to
make you guys watch my whole workday I'm
going to get out of here in skateboard
actually have you're handing me more
thank you
Brad Anderson thank you dude you keep up
the good work - whatever work you're
doing kidding Evans whatever you do
today you have to eat a burrito
Jeremy Ferguson one time it saved his
lunch lady in school okay she was
falling down
Jeremy swept in grabbed her put her back
up and then ate a bunch of tater tots
and that was the victory what am I
talking about
I'm finally done with signing stuff
let's week about an hour now - Santa
Claus I'm going into Santa Claus mode so
guys I'll be right back
see what that throne ISA Gerber coffee
I'd forgot - I'm a jerk sorry dude I'll
bring you someone else instead
still dominus short bag stuff bags of
stuff so I had a family vacation to
Florida recently like before I take over
the world stuff happened and I got
everybody that works in straight cores
every day a presence those who give it
to a business for you you should open
that I know what it is
take your best shot
it's so cheesy do you put espresso in
there Casey this is yours I can't open
it it's like an iPhone I got it so the
plate I'm a broker I mean tell me you
wouldn't have records on that yeah what
yeah I love the sons of sunshine cake a
new coffee mug or yes I opened it so
mine's okay though I love dad I thank
you thank you dude yeah then Bryan Ames
you get some stuff you're not gonna take
it's great stuff fantastic Thanks good
bacon habanero chips hot flavored uncle
Ray's I wonder if they're hot spoiler
not hot she could ton of something here
you like you have a lot of videos maybe
spicy popcorn yeah I bought on replace
you pop out your peanuts yeah a ghost
pepper popcorn
how we been so Johnny got yours in town
and he apparently did not get sleep last
night so he's sleeping in my office so I
have to work here and I'm booking a
ticket for LA right now which I'm going
to be there for like one day next week
only plan
Oh hold on oh you're finished I'm gonna
give you back your desk is running okay
oh we got some food so that is
definitely mine isn't it whoo mine came
with avocados wait where's the shrimp
this is not mine
watching that I'm eatin this
I'm going to do a little bit more work
before I actually go skate but I totally
got hit up by a talent agency which I've
been wanting to cap like an H it's like
a talent agent rep me for a long time so
I'm happy about this hopefully this
works
this is the day in life right now hey
I'm so offended sleeping Virginia I'm
not wearing shorts
I want to go I'll see you tomorrow I'm
gonna go say four to five straight looks
like yesterday yeah okay so I'm making
you a baby deer outside yes amazing we
are here Ludlow Park you've never been
here
yeah I've never been here I'm more awake
right now good you've waxed no oh shoot
I don't either oh no I do Oh your thumb
okay I don't I lie to you I don't have
wax this is the most beautiful day
that's today at ever had
Wow
oh no max come on you'll get there
eventually there you go I started way
too long
we're choosing the camer stages that's
that flat bar and that box and we don't
have wax for either of them but you see
what you're filming I feel bad the news
channels are right to blow the other
page click on the links right down I
appreciate you guys
you came to meet me in the garage didn't
ya alright hey I missed you my arms are
for also hug you buddy let's go inside
okay well there's been a huge parrot
cage hi bye
I love this don't they how was your day
hi guys I had these guys in a video in a
long time they're cute aren't they cute
I got a new comment oh look at that
amory wars if you read comics get this
we also go to blocks for turbo time Wow
ridin is gonna be remember he got the
slime yeah a new ghost but it's a brand
new sealed Ghostbusters toy Oh sheriff
is a yeah we're gonna do a fort or sign
so tomorrow we'll open this I don't know
buddy you have enough toys and we don't
need to add more to it but this is
pretty cool little novelty I like that I
well I appreciate that buddy but you
said that a lot you gotta actually roll
your sleeves up work remember when your
mom was the fair lady yeah are you doing
oh the heating new style she's coming
everywhere hey high-flying favorite
doodle doo doo don't poke the lightsaber
and gate meet bagel breakfast foods
unite ok ridin I've got ok sorry that
was harder ridin I've got some work to
do before we leave and have a fun night
with a bunch of people ok so can you go
make sure your players clean while I get
a little a little bit of work done yep
ok good come here come here to me 5 but
so this is weird because every time I
usually come home I'm usually just
playing with ridin for the rest of the
evening but today I thought it was going
to be an easy day and it never is when I
think that I everything I pushed back
and I've got to get some work done and
clean up and we're leavin here about an
hour so that's the plan well we're
totally going to a really good
restaurant with Brian Eames
JP couvert and
wives and all that stuff it'll be fun
and maybe bowling can we do that maybe
bowling yeah but I'm going to spare you
me working and getting ready and stuff
are you ready to go
guess who's not ready to go yeah your
mom because we're looking at pictures
off so we do so cute look at him look
how cute he is given India how many
times your mom has been looking at dogs
looks like anyone maybe since she
graduated became a doctor shocked at
what a variant get a dog
look at the dog you actually want to get
so I think she found you today I just
told them not necessary no okay so
YouTube if you want that dog to happen I
add your YouTube thing falcon punch the
like button for this girl to get a dog
yes smash brothers that light button
alright looked out front you look at
that in the cross her grandma kept up
hurricane in her purse
poof alright we are at an awesome spot
in Northern Kentucky got a Maury shows
the best Chinese food I've ever had in
my life and I'm gonna go enjoy it and
I'm not going to take this camera with
me I'll take a picture my food because I
don't know some people like pictures of
food play the game
Brittany is looking at dogs Georgia
Portuguese yes - gorgeous kind of Rex
members yeah you're also getting tickled
I completely forgot I was doing today
anyway yeah but I remembered immediately
when I got back in the car we were
supposed to go bowling now or not so
we're now we're just going to write what
I mean all you really need to skydive is
a bedsheet are we home
is he your business yeah I mean it kinda
is right for good argument buddy your
dog might be gone
no on the way home somebody else might
be claiming that dog what's the center
you're doing is it like a stray animal
adoption center and someone's trying to
claim we'll see though you can find out
find out next time on a date of life if
we have a dog around but we'll get one
eventually hopefully this is the one
right all right well I'm proud of you
doctor I've said a million times on my
youtube channel right it it is bedtime
dude yes it is look the sun's gone by
you sir oh my gosh okay - kisses it gets
weird all right hey hey all right well
you guys have a great time you want to
see more videos from me just hit the
subscribe button right down there and
I'll be back soon enough I do videos
most days of the week here so tune in
and I'll see you guys that's it
look she's already looking pictures of
dogs again are you oh my gosh
retard your gears akin the rocks I know
how was your lunch - terrible
