you do what is up guys today I am
featuring just some straight for
skateboarding this really good
skateboarding it's from Holly Roberts
who's from the UK and you're too like us
okay your eyeballs are going to like it
so keep watching the screen I will talk
afterwards but enjoy some real
skateboarding here it is look
yeah
Wow Holly Roberts uh yeah I'm feature
dolly rubbers difficult years back a few
times I've I've always been Fresno
Facebook and see the stuff here in there
and he's like he's a really good
skateboarder my gosh also this spots the
trick she did make me want to skate so
bad and then just the way he doesn't
sort of smooth I'm like man this guy's
having fun all right
I mean he's making a skateboard like a
homemade rollercoaster I don't know it
sound like the right thing to say when I
said when I thought it although I didn't
really take it before I said it just
happened I mean what am I going with
this but he makes me want to skate and
then all those spots look so good that
really makes me want to get to the UK so
I hope you guys like that that dude has
such a big bag of tricks I'm pretty sure
you can do anything like anybody's trick
like every time he did something and I
was like wow I haven't really seen that
in this edit and then they just do it is
super good so if you liked what you saw
the link is right down in the info check
it out
and here's the channel where I post
content in II films you know super nice
good skateboarder maybe what else do you
need you need to start doing videos like
this more I used to do it all the time
it really just kind of like supports
skateboarding on there and I feel like
people are watching less than the less
actual skateboarding on YouTube and
watching more of the gimmicky stuff
which I'm giving key stuff is fun but I
just wanted I definitely want to stay on
top of doing this so people don't stop
watching skateboarding you know like
because though we're all said and done
we enjoy actual skateboarding more than
anything on my channel and all my
friends you know that's like what we do
so today
get on your skateboard go out and do it
and
and if you want to get hype just you
know go watch some raw skateboarding
online you know but that is it I have a
day in life 57 coming tomorrow or I
myself dismiss keyboarding but you get
to hang out with me for the whole day
and then of course some another video on
Sunday always more videos coming out of
my points so right down there if you
want to hit the subscribe button that
gets you assigned them to see more
videos from me and I will see you guys
soon
that's it as you watch this I am
traveling to San Francisco for the West
Coast premiere of take over the world so
if you guys are in the Bay Area come out
to the Braille house I don't know if
there's tickets left still but I'll put
a link in the info so you guys can check
that out I'm done
peace out check out Ollie and GS soon
I'm gonna kick a box
I'll just total not alive right now how
many times has my hand on that in the
video at least three times
oh and these are back in stock the
launch would really well it did yeah so
John Hill deck stick of the world X take
a little DVD you guys all support us way
more than we ever thought was going to
be a thing and we just want to say thank
you for the bottoms of our hearts we did
get this back in stock and this will be
back in stock for a long time because
we've got a ton of them now and then
John Hill deck if you can't get it we
got other decks other pros on the team
you get support
but yeah we from the bottom of a heart
thank you guys the whole straight
quarters crew yeah and revive an entire
space yeah I'm Brian okay I didn't know
ver√≥nica back Smith yeah I don't know
if you can this board might be a lot
