it is a beautiful day outside today Wow
gosh got pretty hooked in the hip and
airplane yeah how's Wednesday that is
worse with it and you'll just spit in my
eyeball I'm sure I did dude I got hit in
the head by an airplane why why are we
going to say here's the FedEx Ferguson
oh yeah
Johnny guy got Johnny Geiger the guy
himself this hands not getting any high
five all right today I guess I was at
them I thought that would motivate them
to high five you know were you using the
force alright anyway to warm up your
hands do a manual dependence or House
Wednesday welcome Johnny Geiger penis
was Switzerland now he's in Cincinnati a
manual to grind combination you're going
to have this unconventional war puppy it
has to be a little impressive you know
it's got to make his eyeballs eyeballs
go canadair or slide into many yeah yeah
that works forever school and then a
mystery challenge and then the third one
and you won't tell me what's going to be
okay what you what you're gonna do is
you're gonna do is seven tricks all
right already
seven three okay seven tricks and then
they have to confuse Brian Brian gets
one shot to try to name said trick and
if you missus three of them you win okay
so he if he missed if he missed says
what three of your tricks are you're
going to win a $25 gift cards that start
like here for two days so you can drink
a lot of coffee
also your lyric will also give it 20
bucks okay I got this you think you got
this very good I'm pretty sure you
failed this last time it was also
Alexander Retta maker you know freestyle
well you just said the usual thing that
Alex and the ready makers better than me
not pivoted on audience logic that is
doing freestyle tricks in freestyle I do
not know
alright so we're going to get inside and
make brand names eat his own words yeah
I'm going to do fleet free stuff Trek
click run
if you do that yet 25 you get the $25
gift card and 20 bucks do you agree I do
agree if he gets it right on angelic
home with something that is your
punishment end of the doing with the
pre-salt off now and is going to be
possible great deal with Everson Brian's
beard do you have something in industry
here's nothing about beard right now no
no that's right got some good okay I got
some great treat for you Brian
yeah I'll dream it where's that doctor
ball Oh off-camera he wanted to do
manual to manual instead and I said okay
Yallah Dennis thanks a lot sorry boys
Wow
didn't tell we were Steve you didn't
tell us he was going I had just searched
in darkness mad happy positive warm up
well yeah you're warmed up now aren't
you
are you warm kind of do one mark or what
you want you those perfect so good
another trick so go marching
we're happy with that and I'm having a
few transfer corrosive what's up is that
my the first word is that word yeah
actually it's good yes yeah
what happened you know what you know
what time it is before mr. Chow mystery
challenge time Johnny stay right here
all we got for you Johnny I want to
point out that this is the coop hybrid
sub skate which a boiler does not work
underwater how'd you get it you three
three tricks on that you get unravel on
we please take a little bit let's try to
do two films like follow me who said
even if words in English at work that's
that's a common word in English I like
the grip tape the foam tape like I like
the shape of a canoe contains I had to
charge it up perhaps too close to do
this right here right here on Brian our
logo
Tommy took the three covenant and part
of it first restaurant he's never ever
sub skated Brian imagine that all right
now it's getting cut
oh yeah it's such a sub skinny guys done
to the flippy thing I don't see that
your hook that's what I want to see give
you Kiko hood oh how did you do that
it literally just feels like you're
standing on a blanket Oh take that
excellently you'd even watch it no pen
dude ninja we need you to be the judge
Jonny first trick you have seven tricks
to do if he gets three wrong way your
dad what's the road over here just
thinking oh sorry how obvious three
wrong you get like 20 hundreds card to
Starbucks and 20 bucks
Wow that's a good deal yeah you said
this is going to be easy I'm scared now
super scary you can do put a freeze on
solution contrary I'm not going to do
three star tricks which is going to do
flips
well yeah you didn't landed you laid it
at first I guess because I've been
saying the same ruler I know a district
it's like a pretzel impossible for
wasn't it
nope wow he's not it's a present
yes when Sigma flip know what I swear
you said that he said it I perhaps when
possible what what do you say I'm still
going with Sigma now well it's a
platform in time 4.0 even with either
way you agree it's a frontside 180 prop
obviously a blast Munson yeah clearly
strike one strictly with gel you of the
first three would be wrong now
did you tell em 80 or something
it's an old school amedeo straight to
the third grader over and you're done
are you sure positive particular did you
see how he had his hand in his pocket
shut up it's very obvious in word here
wait foot ninjas judge your new place
women's person prob'ly put okay we gonna
count that which is a vote count at risk
of crashing pok√©block all right
whatever the poor public Euclid did your
time to be Obama
to the forefoot field whatever that is
you have a whore were here for you
very a flipped late brunch oh did he say
varial flip late poncho no nope is it
very very flip sigma sigma flip oh my
god the same trick now you're doing a
very quick bring your back or you're
going too slow to trick you see yeah
it's like a sideways flipping not going
to go away chop I'm going to have to
solving the air I'm going to do this try
you're probably right I was incredibly
wrong give the dude 20 but incredibly
wrong one more trick corner for the
thing Starbucks charges in my office I
will give it to you okay thank you so
much whoa whoa sweet hair oh my gosh
thanks lately well
name of the tree yeah until yesterday
it's a late laser but I don't give you a
knobby 50 here is it going the dagger
flips forget it this wonderful human
being has a YouTube channel and it just
pops up right there click it is really
great content and he's a good deal a
good friend and a great Bry named
spooler unbelievable all right now hit
somebody with that I'm going to try to
exam
what do you what do you thinking right
now what anybody said who detached oh my
gosh
kitchen drawer steak kitchen drawer
kitchen drawer going German I can't do
that
who he is rookie Kesha
you
