oh my gosh right in what is up dude kind
of hug oh wow wow gee push me in the
face in the process of that YouTube what
is up guys we are doing another house
video because even though it is sunny
outside maybe god it is it's a little
chilly outside and I saw this at Target
okay so this isn't like a traditional
sport but it's a little baby football
that has a launcher I think this is
probably the worst idea to play with it
in the house I wanna do what you want to
break the TV you always do know what
you're not gonna do that we're not we're
gonna really try not to do anything I
figured there's actually a basketball
hoop upstairs we can try to throw it
into the basket okay yeah all right so
here it is this is the nerf hoop ah
vortex howler accelerator I feel like
the vortex howler would you be just fine
but it says vortex howl or accelerator
and uh look do you understand how this
works look there's some darts there's
not darts at all it's like the footballs
a dart
yeah on the back it shows you can get
different colors of this um that shows
this guy actually throwing it but these
things can really launch something so
let's rip this open oh there we go Oh
see there's yours and there's mine and I
am the one that gets the football before
all right I'm kidding werewolf nature
tell it you do the first one okay whomp
load it up load it up and just wing it
in there okay oh my yeah do it again but
don't hit anything try you can get it
upstairs oh don't get it upstairs go
over there Wow even get it up there woah
okay yeah I think you can I mean as far
as are you okay like hit you in the face
but I'm sorry his first trick shots go
you have all of that as your goal okay
what like I mean like look how big the
areas yeah dude
well what'd you bring it
don't hit the blinds there's actually a
break hey you're hitting it too low just
go higher let's just go upstairs all
right let's do the trick shot number one
all right look you hit here and go in
okay all right don't hit me
do it it's got a hit here and then we're
falling way too low this is terrifying I
know they could be or they bad well
being a dad isn't terrifying but getting
a football thrown at me is whatever
you're doing just aim higher okay
because it's going really low all right
do it
well that was really off what I'm Rocky
you are what happened it literally
disappeared then also it was hitting
like about to hit me from the left side
oh gosh oh you got some you figured it
out you've got some power behind your
throws now jeez
you're doing it way too hard now oh that
surprised me so much and you're just
laughing
oh that was close that was so hard
I know that took way longer than I
thought it was going to and you did it
like it was nothing dude you switched it
alright it's my turn and I'm gonna set
the basketball hoop down here and I'm
gonna go all the way down the hallway
you think I can do it yeah but without
that Lego throwing star alright alright
let's go into the hallway alright moment
wish me luck I wish I had like five of
these but we don't have one yeah oh this
is gonna take a sound devil I know they
gonna love this thing
lazy this is super hard yeah I'm sure it
is buddy I'm gonna land in I'm so sorry
thank you for filming though this is a
really hard activity guys let's see if
it looks good dude that might work well
dude this works perfectly riding he's
just stretch all you wanted
okay fingerboard rail down yeah there
you go
thank you dude okay what's that okay
that would be the coolest one and it
also would probably easier because it's
going down
you'll get your go get the football oh
my gosh are you ready for this yeah I
know it looks farther away but just a
baby throw will help out okay
yeah you literally almost did it first
try oh my god mid a nerf football coming
at you oh sorry oh wow
that about hit me in the eyeball oh that
was so close
ridin how do you feel right now before
you've made this shot I thought it's
going really good but I need a brownie
what's your brownie let's have PP okay
well that'll be your reward at the end
nice try though this is the one it's not
the one
bangarang dude
that was easy both once you've done it's
like it's like you just knew exactly
what you were doing look how big that
looks from up here it's all the way down
there rock fish you hit the fish why
don't you eat the fish all right ridin
for my finale I'm gonna do the old
classic from handrail down to here hey
you're the football
okay so sorry this is a little shorter
trickshot video we did not have a lot of
time today but we did two each
right and this thing is way way harder
than just throwing the football we could
have done a million if we were just
trying to throw a football into a
basketball hoop Wow did you have fun
though yeah what was your favorite trick
shot which one and so the last two yeah
that was actually I know I feel like
that was like way easier than even just
the hallway one where I was just
throwing it because it's hard to predict
where it's gonna go yeah yeah but we did
it and it's almost spring so we can
start doing some father-son videos
outside like adventure time those are
fun right we went exploring because
we've been stuck inside all winter so
we're like really we've been planning
here so much but we do this like once a
week on this channel that we have and
haier toy channel where we have like two
videos a week of us just plan and talk
with toys that we donate right what yeah
but have you said yeah during this okay
don't count but thank you guys for
watching if you want to see more videos
like I said I do one like father-son
video week here but I do videos all the
time myself I do like skateboarding
videos lifestyle videos whatever I think
is entertaining and fun and then I could
fit into my life I do so hit the
subscribe button right below the video
if you want to see more that I would
appreciate that and riding and I a ridin
has a fun night at karate right yeah
you're gonna go watch it'll be eat pizza
you're like the best night ahead of him
ever but that's it thank you guys so
much for watching how do you punch
yourself in the face on axis never have
I been like yeah alright well the more
all this videos don't punch yourself in
the face or anyone else you've got the
punch off by the pillow using the pillow
I wish it worked like that
I want to punch my own face into the
pillow no oh my gosh does it hurt okay
okay you just okay all right all right
you're gonna get whiplash stop oh don't
do that here I love you and I want your
face good so don't do that
you
