what is up guys so this is a randomness
video we have a bunch of random clips of
ridin I goofing off and stuff but we're
starting it out by eating a Kinder
Surprise which are illegal here in the
United States I got one because my
friend Brandon Keller Lizzie Kennedy
brought one down in Canada they're like
nah you can eat this up but here I guess
it has small parts in it possibly you
know his right has no idea what's what
what this is about
I thought is that okay what was this
about Internet alright I'm like supply
this you know what writing has every
idea what's in here probably a better
idea than me because he's seen YouTube
videos but okay so yeah I thought that
was going to be an aspect of the video
but I guess it's not we're going to open
this up and we're going to see what we
get inside but and we're going to eat it
right want some chocolate
no this is a Kinder Surprise I what I'm
seeing on the internet is that my phone
is making noise oh gosh alright are you
with me Wow alright so what I'm seeing
is that in the early 70s u.s. banned
candies with toys inside because of
potential small part those I'm guessing
but they're still illegal because my
friend Brandon actually got stopped at
the border and since they only had one
he loved them they let him slide so
thank you Canadian Border Patrol for
letting this come into the u.s. because
we're going to make a video on it so
let's get to opening it it opens very
wonderful and has crinkles in the
chocolate red look at that crinkly
chocolate yes be hating cjp crankily
chocolate oh it's melting already okay
so you take the first bite but do gentle
because you're probably gonna hit a big
thing a plastic inside oh it opens up
look look at that it's like a skin of
chocolate reading is so good oh my gosh
don't eat all the chocolate what's up no
no it's really good yeah
after that delicious chocolate super
good we have big kinder egg waiting
since I ready my initial eye opens a
dinosaur
is a vehicle yellow truck that is what
is it media we know broke it right away
what is illegal because there are small
parts in it latest how do I do this I am
terrible at kinder eggs ah all right
there we go we got back I like nice a
Nashville for Christmas like me ask for
wha kinder eggs I'm so surprised that
you said that you think Santa would give
me kinder eggs will illegally smuggle in
kinder eggs alright so there's some
citrus we're putting them on what so I
kind of like terribly put these stickers
on it'll stick that well mainly because
I have chocolate on my hands but there
you go so okay worse there you go
there's your garden little bit again do
it again that is so cool
so there you guys go there is our
illegal candy bitch football they're
super cool it's a bummer that it's
illegal here in the state school I
understand why because there are some
tiny parts on that but it didn't go
wrong
you hit my hand it's really cool I
understand why it's illegal I guess
because there's a lot of smoke small
parts that's not legal I feel like it's
just have a warning on it because
there's a lot of toys out there that you
can put in your mouth and just because
it's in candy is kind of weird because
it comes in that shell so whatever Thank
You Brandon for giving that to us and
the kinder chocolate in general is not
illegal so it is delicious so you should
check that out but we're going to keep
this video going with some random clips
if you guys want to see more for me and
him because he's in a lot of my videos
hit the subscribe button down below and
yeah tune in for more videos you'll be
awesome but we're going to keep it going
it's good about to get very random weird
isn't it yeah fun stuff though Wow
enjoy what's this
oh here's a bridge and then here is a
dolphin at one that's one of them a
beautiful day in Florida and oh yeah
there's venomous snakes
watch out and crack your legs right in
we just talked about venomous snakes get
up here right it jump here right now I'm
doing awesome of the dentist's right
all right shiny for downtown from a
Vanaras or 394 a hot tempers variety I
wonder I mean I wonder what the
difference is honestly that's directed
Soph
Denis okay get it alright Lego
Washington DC pretty cool and we have a
tauntaun that is clearly a tauntaun it's
not like it is there's a cantina and
then look dude certainly Enterprise is
that the USS Enterprise Wow yeah you do
know what it's called right yeah there
you go
are you okay you're frozen no I'm going
to dinner bye
