you mean directly in the center of my
chest it is I've already talked to the
guy all right let me gin there how many
do that you're filming with a DSLR dude
no thanks to you
that is the first time in ever control
what do you do with this Joe what's his
name Joe Joe freezing freezing Joe
freezing from Canada sent me this mini
bored I'm gonna skate it right now
awesome yeah you gonna work no right on
right on freedom Ryan we've got a lead
for this room so Brian I've got this
idea that you should present me a skate
spot yeah I can well you know why I'm
not you're gonna find out to be weird
very weird about this come on take a
seat what is this is this like a it is
what about gage of this before I know
you're devastated I don't think you're
going to even be able to skate it like
what do you mean I don't think you're be
able to physically do a trick on it or a
truck can buy rolls Oh technically why
are we going here well I think go to
this place this is a new invention we
made it's a GoPro mount and we stuck at
the table with a highlighter Casey I've
got important thing it's apparently not
skate I got to go good bye thank you for
all you do I might write it down and put
it on every down favorite
Emily William out here it's very humid I
will follow you all right so the way
this started is that a couple weeks ago
I told Brian Eames like just
sarcastically I was like well we're
talking about a skate spots now I was
like well then why don't you find a
great skate spot and the other day he
was like Andy I thought a skate spot for
it I was like fine we'll make a video
out of it so I have no idea what's
really happening it sounds pretty
terrible though
you watch where I'm a genius you already
been you're a bigot is tiny my
skateboard though you do need a
skateboard skateboard skateboard wait
panting dusting day it's super windy too
so there's a trail back here with is
like a drainpipe yeah drainage ditch and
if anyone sees is walking in here so
weird in the world I like my Clark hope
so it's I think it's eerily the way to
learn Aria you're green it looks in the
camera back here well there's a tree
down Brent no we got to turn around out
oh I always look at my camera my face
red gosh that sucks dangerous path which
makes you walk over a log or you go
around the fence and just be normal
injured there you go I know my way back
here you're the one taking me to spot
yeah Tony's gonna walk on the tree dude
oh I'm gonna fall just shaky guy the
secret sewer alright well we're here and
this isn't it nope continuing focus on
nobody go there's all there is is a
creek over there through the tunnel am i
skating a creek I don't know you'll see
if we hadn't gotten so much rain I can
just escape through this where you want
yeah this is my new camera you can
totally see inside the tunnel is amazing
oh don't touch the walls they are wet
dude you're like sopping wet let's all
this off right at least grab my gear
here take this do you
it doesn't keep going get it I'm skating
a creek you're an idiot just get in the
creek this isn't a spot I would call it
the worst spot ever but it's almost I'm
a spot and technically a spot drop in
right here drop it on this where when I
go Brian that is a legit fish in there
rock
pretty good I better not blow we go
there that was the one you wanted so
awesome it's pretty good not only am I
going to drop in but I'm going to rock
to fakie
how scary oh oh my gosh your board is
wet you should try this like helping
into jagged rocks
it's an employer of five horrible I just
give it a realization that I will
probably get hurt until me this video is
you will like badly this is terrible is
not a smart idea I'm doing I can't do it
not doing the rock take these and do it
I'm not doing it why what are we gonna
do now I don't know oh here there's a
piece of flat ground right there all
right ollie closely good it's very good
close my god oh do you know the way you
see an S you a creek you're getting
extremely sweaty immediately oh gosh
dude this is super hard oh my gosh
success whoo kickflip out of rock in the
woods I want to do a grind of some sort
how I don't know leave it wet dude
there's like a lot of like open rock
over there top a little ledge I get here
first let's drop in on that as well good
you're gonna get on that I could
probably I could probably Ollie this
into the water
yep
gosh oh oh can I get you I know you
somehow did not
oh this is so hard to students like
calling off of like a chocolate chip
brownie
success
acknowledged didn't I pick you dude oh
that was good
oh you always oh my gosh the crap out of
me yeah you should wipe the camera
allows the thing so yeah this is a
sketch by this is officially the worst
case possible today here's my ledge I've
heard just crying great it's gonna fly
tap - there's so much rain gross water
mine you've any idea how much like
bacterias ups try on me right now odd
how do I wipe my eyes right now I got
mud on my hands ready yeah oh dude it
split if your wife totally planned no
thanks that's it I roll though oh my I
can't believe I did it with this oh my
gosh it got so slippery this board so a
lot of you people are saying like why
did you ruin a board well we're going to
keep this board for water purposes so
we'll keep getting used out of it that
was all like legitimately the hardest
I've ever had doing those tricks gosh
this stuff does not roll was this a good
spot
it was legitimately the worst experience
of spot skating I've had imagine how
it's so hot sweaty - imagine how bad it
would be skating the rainforest one
trick is you'd be dead there peach fish
oh my gosh tunnel tunnel of death right
for that point I was just as awful as I
would have imagined well that's creepy
look there's a good like a halo on Oh
way down there here let's see in the
camera yeah you can that is creepy so
they're going to go hope you guys like
that terribleness I'm going to go home
and scrub this griptape very much so but
I'm sure the board once we get the
bearings going again it'll be okay they
keep using for water activities thank
you guys for watching this video hope
you guys enjoyed it it's the least
different I gotta say Brian when you got
a weird idea at least it was a very
different video than normal here we go
but yeah so there is it maybe we'll try
to keep finding really stupid weird
spots out in nature skateboard on that'd
be kind of fun I go to the mountains
sure I'll be super fun we have to travel
but I'll be cool if you guys want to see
more for me hit the subscribe button
right down there it's just hit the
button and your subscribe to see more
videos it's not put Brian named since he
got the idea for this held to this video
in the info so check out his channel to
is a lot of fun
weird hot shower many of things on his
channel and super inning thank you guys
watching if you can go skateboard on
normal concrete or at a skate park go do
it
go home and shower and clean this so
that's
give me like one try with a kickflip
good luck good luck you almost died
