oh you about kami in the face like it
was done on film but the shoe was right
here it was right here
here's
John Hill congratulations dude this is
so so beyond well-deserved this guy is
one of the hardest workers out there he
is so talented skateboarding everything
you just saw has been throw away here on
YouTube - like one promo flip that
didn't make the cut for the DVD and oh
my gosh here just look look at this
beautiful skateboard that's John Hill
people so so proud to make this happen
and John I can't congratulate you and
thank you enough for what you do for
skateboarding you're out there
influencing and getting kids psyched on
skateboarding every single day so thank
you
guys if you want to pick a deck up this
along with all the summer gear came out
the strength quarters calm and skate
shops across the globe if your skate
shop does not carry it please ask them
to support John you get this deck and
you're buying him a taco or something or
a burrito or whatever he's doing his
life with coffee and you'll see in his
videos that supports them so I'm just I
don't know why I came here next you're
here so I saw keep go - John John does
killer but yeah for this year fact that
all this stuff was just like not put
away for his video part you've seen it
in my videos here and there so I'm sorry
if it's you haven't seen anything new in
this but I had to make a video saying
ngratulations - John Hill I'd also like
to say thank you to Raven underground
this is her newest Jam phantom limb I'm
a fan of this band and he skates and
he's making music again it's awesome so
check them out I'll put the info down
there but like I said all of the summer
stuff just came out today including this
right here take over the world
it is finally out after years of filming
for this we finally put it together and
today it is out John Hill has a new part
in this is his pro introductory part and
it's awesome so in grab it okay there's
a digital download of this or you can
get the physical copy which has like 30
to 40 minutes extra bonus features that
you're going to want like I said it's
available with this shred quarters
dot-com so grab it there and handfull
ski chops already have it and a tunnel
skate shops are going to be getting it
soon a local skate shop to carry them
because the people that you should be
supporting and yeah exciting day so
thank you for watching this video check
out John John's channels at the end of
this video of right down there and it
just popped up right there next to
head you're going to love what you see
our news channel he put so much work and
effort in his videos it shows super nice
dude awesome guy part of the family and
now pro take the world's out get it and
I'll see you guys tomorrow with a new
video so that's it Ryan
right names just Bryan Ames I wasn't
expecting him to talk or anything cuz
it's a cardboard cutout of his face but
here's a skeleton that I can high-five
I'd also I'd also like to thank I'd also
like to say thank you too
