this hole gets me every single time and
I know I just got to feel bad laughing
that hard at this but but I know right
Bracken and he is since this ball went
on to live a very happy life he's not
suffering from this fall anymore
I had this ball more beautiful a year
and a half maybe two years I don't know
and every time I watch it I like I come
up with a rate I just refined Eliza's my
love for this ball and I laugh again oh
my gosh I laugh to me this is like the
greatest skate fall of all time because
it just does not make any sense at all
like the physics are not right with it
at all there's something wrong
it's literally this like dry Bracken's
grinding and then the gravity switch got
thrown off in life English like I want
to go to the sky now I mean seriously
look at this image he somehow was doing
a trick like a foot off the ground
thank somehow got his body this high up
in the air your body slammed himself
that takes Talent it's just you guys
like you got it stuck up at the moment
he started to Ollie just jumped in the
air but it's like a meat registry
there's no way he would have jumped that
I his work of art is beautiful it is
such a beautiful skate ball it is pretty
brutal at the same time but you know I
saw afterwards like Bryan Bracken's okay
he was completely fine afterwards just
really heard of his price or the next
day but oh my gosh competitive you're
going to a skate session and somebody
like from the future flash in like hey
this is gonna be you in 20 minutes
what Wow and I would even think that I'm
following on a skaters right there I
would never think that I somehow messed
up on that legend got that high of an
ear I would be like well clearly I fell
off the
Rufe in fact if you just watch it from
that point it probably looks like you
fell off the roof okay
skateboarders are falling out of the sky
I should have grown Bracken in a video
just do a jumping contest
I could have always imagined what he was
thinking and feeling like he's like
we're really high up for being on a
12-inch ledge I love that Ryan Bracken
did this
sometimes when you're calling in
skateboarding sometimes the ground hits
way faster and that's usually not that
bad because usually happens when you're
not ready for it just hit you and then
sometimes like this he probably was
falling and he was like wow this is a
very long fall like when oh my god hit
the ground and then the ground him and
her
it's probably a good rule it was your
concrete paddle daddy can tether get
paddled by one of those like board
things when they got in trouble coming
out so much these days but it used to
happen and I feel like it was like kind
of like maybe the earth country paddling
what am I talking about
right Ragan got concrete paddles right
in the bus and back at hand and
everything my gosh I feel sorry for him
though you can tell this was such a
serious moment because if I was filming
I would not find funny I would probably
like are you are your bones intact
because he is so hard and he just
crumbles up into a ball and no one said
anything because they probably weren't
curious like what is Bracken going to
live through he literally hit like a
meteor this should be called like a
meteor shower Falls when you jump up as
high as you can just land on everything
but down now I'm talking serious it's
not so funny anymore this is not the
greatest of all the world selling
footage micro black and white and I
should start talking to the lower octave
maybe like disguise my voice ability Roy
Brooke and philbo noise I'll hear what
do the mystery want words like this yes
it shows were they like you're not
supposed to know who's talking
it's alright rocket fall that night
which body was going to die
his uh bones must have been crushed into
oblivion because he clearly fell off the
roof no skateboarder can jump that high
on the trigger Paul said I reckon
does anybody know what I'm talking about
watch like google unsolved mysteries and
watch that there's there's definitely a
mysterious face talking into this guy's
voice and this fall is too perfect not
to turn into an action movie as a pretty
sure if I throw a missile over Iraq into
him going flying the skies makes
what actually happened I have no idea
how that looked so I hope it looks good
it can I have an editor yet but like I
said think we right bracket was okay now
this fall you've probably seen it
because I just released this in the
trailer for take over the world which is
the new revival year which comes out
tonight that's what I'm doing this video
is it kind of like a take over the world
addition to fall Friday and there are so
many fall this lambs intake of the world
that are definitely good enough for fall
Friday but this is what my favorite slam
was the greatest game of all time so I
want to feature this now right in
practice is of course part of the
revived family he's one of the flow
dudes and he has some good tricks in the
video we've been working so hard to this
so definitely we've been check it out we
put our blood sweat and tears into this
video so you know we don't want
full-length videos to go away we always
wanted to keep making them and uh this
is just a tradition that we had grown up
watching you skate video the couch
getting heightened going out in
skateboarding so this is what we wanted
to actually have a copy of right here
right here look take the world view oh
it comes out tonight at midnight Eastern
Standard Time
so whether you live anywhere else the
world figured out but yeah along with
our full summer line a super exciting
stuff and then if you're seeing this
early enough the premiere is at ollie
skate park at 7 o'clock and then tonight
on the second and then our West Coast
premiere is abraao in a week everyone
has a video part Erik ro John Hill Sam
best ol list goes on
I can't believe this is finally here in
made I'm so happy and it comes out
tonight so anyone who anyone who comes
through mirrors or picks up copy watch
together friends together to watch it I
truly appreciate it guys it means the
world to us and we're gonna get to work
on a third one but um since it this fall
Friday I'm going to show you some
skateboarding footage so here is some
footage of Rai bracket a landing tricks
and then then of course he has new
tricks in cake of the world so check
that out but right now Ryan Brackett not
falling from the earth from the earth
from the sky
whatever
there you guys go I hope you guys
enjoyed all of this
I knew Paul Fridays every once awhile
although I've done two in a week now but
you know I'll do another one here soon
but either way I do videos all the time
so hit the subscribe but if you wanna
see more from me it's right down there
you just hit and subscribe in your
Senators see more and I would truly
appreciate it if you want to see this
revived summer line but what's coming
out tonight in addition to just the
full-length video I'll link the where
else Wednesday at the end so so there
you go thank you for watching and since
this is fall Friday I'm gonna do a hot
seat and wait one second come on Ron
jammers I wasn't met right please it
doesn't hurt that watch it's jarring for
sure it is charming it's more stressful
than it is table yeah how are you doing
today I'm good how are you I'm all right
my days okay but I just found out I was
adopted a really basic question today
all right okay you wake up in the
morning and you jump in the shower but
you have your clothes on what do you do
I would puke in a purse all day I would
feel like three persons with puke
and this week but it'll be a second but
I do
