imagine about your the first time you
like you're visiting America and then
you just shows you a picture of this
you're like wow is it live no all right
hey what's up guys we're doing a
livestream and yes we are sitting next
to some abandoned building but it's a
skate spot um I am putting a board
together here so if you're watching this
afterwards it doesn't actually change
anything what am i do we Johnny here
Johnny's in town I'm scooting back I'm
screwing back okay with a bunch of other
people he's Pro for revive he has a
YouTube channel he's awesome thank you
so much and he normally lives across the
world yeah yeah so I'm gonna ask him
random questions about Switzerland
sweary lives and I'm gonna put this
board together and then we'll talk to
you guys to be fun but the real thing
you guys need to know is that take over
the world comes out tomorrow night as
soon as it switches over to the third
midnight when it switches from the 2nd
to the 3rd like Friday night Saturday
morning taking the world the new revived
video is out and this guy's partner I
have a part of it to be awesome
along with all the summer gear too so
but okay so Johnny what's the weirdest
thing when you first came to the USA
what is the weirdest thing you noticed
like right away you're like this is
strange well that's a tough question
I guess I got I don't know the actual
expression dark like when are you
opening you open the door yeah if I have
to speak up the way that you lock it you
just lock it like that yeah we don't we
don't have that in Europe you lock doors
yeah we do like doors but we usually
have like a key and a lot and not just
like this thing no no
how do you what what okay but if you use
a key on the front side what do you how
do you lock it from the backside if you
lock it with a key from the back side
yeah they don't have twisty you don't
twist it from the front and from the
back side yeah and that's not happening
in the US right she's gonna like what's
up yeah that's weird and okay I was like
super weird in the beginning and like
that's good because like nothing weird
happened to that point where you're like
right a dyke that you got pretty far
into the USA before things got weird
the second weirdest thing was how to
figure out like your shower actually
germs yeah the first time he ever stayed
at my house though I had a weird shower
but he didn't he couldn't figure it out
so he just he took a bath splash the
water into him I love to say that okay
okay like that is the greatest thing
I've ever heard of - no I've never heard
that Gooden did and we like we're like
man it sounds weird like that's it
listen to Johnny take a shower but he's
been in there for a second and I we even
heard the shower run like I was almost
literally shouting showering like that
that's the death is the greatest thing
ever heard of my life alright so we're
gonna we're gonna go back and forth
retreat asking Johnny questions and then
talking to you guys so Brian says I
don't have much say right now after ask
ask some questions people's your
questions over I again in the meantime
I'll tell you all about this board this
is a 8 inch take over the world deck
we're only doing one run of these that's
why the titles limit
addition the lifts Kate died verses of
these which is the exact graphic with
those kids they went really fast
so if you want if you have a list 8.11
you put a a a supporter for a long time
thank you but yet this is the way you
get the matching one but I have a Ryan
trucks on right now we got some Bronson
raw shield less bearings you escape from
the wood barrage deeper nobody right now
like Captain Black Panther okay here I'm
is here those forever but never mind so
you can't relate to these alright a Pete
Pete & ambu wants to know Johnny what's
the favor your spirit spot you've ever
skated where is it well that's just like
a super-tough is like ice why I'm asking
a lot of great spots in Europe there are
a lot of greats busting you ass I don't
know
um it's probably Barcelona oh yeah it's
almost like every spot in Barcelona
likes perfect like parallels perfect
Rock buys perfect like yeah just like
everything's perfect grounds marble and
she's own Barcelona as a whole yeah
Barcelona like my favorite spot you can
just cruise right like you you can
cruise around and like every three
minutes every now and then you're gonna
find a spot right there right there and
save it it's it's insane
we do a revived like tour DVD like video
like a reviving Barcelona oh my god
Barcelona make a video oh my god any fun
hey gage Smith is in here and he just
says in all caps please tell me he has
seen the trailer alright that's when I
start I'm using the it trailer it's the
clown dude you're Megan gauge so have
yer enough now is I having it I usually
do not watch do you like what about
ghosts or movies like spooky ones
mean I don't like I don't like slasher
ones so much that they were not doing
the core maybe like Paranormal Activity
Oh like I just like it it
oh you do because you said that as if
you like oh yeah I just like it a lot oh
yeah that's good didn't understand so
you don't like you don't like ghosts
what ghosts ones either spirit like okay
so you just don't want to be scared yeah
all right on a lighter note what are
popular serials in Switzerland serials
yeah I got like a breakfast like with
built-in cereal
they have like I think it's like most
caucus cups yeah yeah my timing up in a
huge brand my dad worked for Kellogg's
for 39 years he is retired free
Kellogg's you want that's true all right
so yeah cops like like what does it
Raisin Bran like that was that's a
pretty classic it's got like raisins and
like when social in like the they might
make a Kellogg's cereal like it's just
called Kellogg's now they have like
different
yeah options raisin brands a big one I
think the most popular I think so I
don't think it's not only that's
Kellogg's though I was not pleased I
think I think was post and I'm making
sure don't think I'm here alright do a
question from there I don't have a God
keep asking some questions people Andy
do another one okay so that don't you
argue good for um what's the most does
anybody listen to ICP in Switzerland
what is
and that's a query go no judging I mean
that was the perfect answer
if you probably say like Holly start
what's the most popular type of music
it's what's living in pencil um like
because I know Europe slike huge on like
techno and house music yeah we are like
right now it's probably be like younger
into - it's like oh yeah person and we
usually know what people are into what
you see people eat zero the internet
years it was the same thing yeah put it
against whistlin whistlin catches up
with me I'm like I'm like one or two
years later oh yeah I was heard that
like trends start in California then
slowly make their way across the world
it's absolutely true yeah yeah we knew
scooters were coming because we're
grown-up scooters we saw the rise show
you know like the guy took a second to
get your vengeance Mike your scooter he
is from oh really I think
all right uh active striker asks what is
the weirdest fan encounter you've ever
had weirdest person from the internet
like fan encounter it's loud here I
don't know if you guys can hear us
clearly but it's like just kind of weird
yeah like one time this isn't bad but
like I had a kid start crying I remember
like
that he was not actually a fan he's an
enemy once we ran into this guy like
with me and you me yeah yeah yeah we did
this video and I did a Swiss German
intro
oh yeah at Forest Park yeah and there
was this guy I remember you know I mean
baby and they told me he was acting like
we would know each other for like years
he was like hey Joe a body man and he
was like I don't want to say like that
he was like not that progressed in
skateboarding yeah like he could call
him stuff Oh buddy was charted and he
was trying to give me like some actual
tips okay no I feel you to makes it I
was like oh no feds on how to do this
not no offense because I didn't meant to
be mean about
I kind of remember that grab TT was at
the party for a while right yeah he was
all the time like yo Johnny yeah yeah
that's how I wanted to ACTU it first I
met you but I didn't they held it then
what about yours and E what I want to
know yours fine yes I don't know I mean
honestly I've had pretty good ones I
mean I've had ones like that I had one
time we're a little dude because like
especially younger younger kids that
watch the videos that sometimes don't
know how to like act some of them are
awesome some of them are like slightly
awkward and I had one kid like not
understand that if I'm like skating like
it's probably not a good time to talk
but I mean like literally skating and I
was like doing a back 180 up this euro
gap and he was I remember pop in my
alley and hearing the full question he
was like hey I could hear this like dirt
when I was flying through the air and I
was I just stopped skating dude I was
like alright and I talked to the kid I
was like nice job you know like I don't
want to be mean to anyone that's amazing
but it was pretty funny so I've had but
I've had a handful of times like that up
and I remember that one it was here at
Cincinnati it was just like the kid too
but he was like skating around like if I
was drawing a trick he was just skating
behind me trying to see something just
attracting yeah oh yeah you can't skate
like that so but
good question alright now we got one I
get to get a good one for Johnny are
more people into and one I don't care
what any video game people this isn't
people play but what are more people
into in Switzerland Nintendo ps4 Xbox
things like since soccer is like a big
deal in Europe in general yeah football
football soccer however you want to call
it right yeah sometimes we call it
whatever we want to rewrap so um a lot
of people are into this in Europe thing
is some people are they keep in place
for days oh guys really that makes sense
well like my favorite is probably
Nintendo yep well dude I knew she should
have some epic Mario Kart II the mario
party mario kart parties while you're
here though dude oh yeah someone switch
with me how do you how can we have
forgiven we need regular we can play
like across the world yeah we keep we
need to do that that'd be so fun to play
Johnny that would be amazing
oh by the way I'm skating Johnny's pro
bottle wheels it has your face on it
yeah I did I did have another board I
just put a new board together like a few
weeks ago and I scanned it in a creek so
that became the new water board that's
why I'm putting the board together
simply it was like a month ago
all right let's see here one for that oh
I got to find one
uh just Fang as Johnny what's your
favorite music to listen to while
skating do you'd like to listen to music
while skating yeah that's that's like
the plan that's the first one yes I
don't like it listen to music live
skating if I would have to I will
probably go for hip-hop really that's a
good choice Johnny say classic rock just
by judging one lane like yes I got I'll
do guardians the gallery soundtrack I
think like hip-hop is now
distracted yeah it's a lot to sing I
like if I'm like off nicely apart my
favorite music is
just he's tat he's a talented musician
to me seeing that we are Avengers breeze
ok don't don't be no ha about it
whatever that means it could be
literally like play guitar and harmonica
and one Louis motion it's great I can't
I kind of lost that because OD yeah do
you mushroom on YouTube alright well you
still got it he's got just got brushes I
still I just say you can you can do some
music stuff pretty good
well anyway you can you must the
headphones like while you're skating
cuz that's distracting for me like I
can't not hear my voice beer yeah
especially like I need some special box
cause my ears have like shape yeah
because God have you uh have you had to
update the air pods from Apple uh yeah
like those hurt my ears Wireless yes
like they would just fall off yeah
because I will try them David useful on
Johnny has weird ears yeah
we're almost done here um oh it's my
turn to ask a question say it is
uh what is the most annoying thing about
Switzerland
see what about this talking about here
I'll go after you I really deserves from
America because like everybody is like
super general
- like
doesn't happen in Switzerland it doesn't
happen you can walk along the street and
somebody is going to say like okay nice
shirt oh yeah that's not going to happen
in special area like I've been living
there for 24 years and I've never heard
these no I'm from a stranger just like
everybody like likes to stay private
keeps themself yeah they tried to stay
in their groups and at least like I'm
from the countryside's yeah
I remember what do you first start
coming here you say that because I may
be in the grocery store I be like excuse
me they're like well yeah I'm sorry like
we both we both apologize that's just
what people do here like you know just
to pass each other by them it's for good
I remember you talking like this is
barely Pez are really nice here but uh
yeah I'd say at the same time worst
thing about the states it is great I'm
sure so it's clearly awesome livin this
isn't anything like bashing our
country's because the states were lucky
to have what we have here to worst thing
I don't know I would probably just say
that the crime rates in general man I
feel like it's way crazier here not that
like you ever I mean the news makes it
out to be way worse but there's always a
bad story you know going around like
what happened in your city what's it
like being the state's I would say like
the education system like yeah I have to
pay like health system health care just
on health care is terrible and
like you have an idea that will just be
so serious don't have to play it as a as
logic it's insulin to go to college yeah
for free yeah I'm not enough left for
free bad like technically
all right after that dramatic secret of
a sequence of events my skateboard is
done so this is will be skating for a
while
and I've been skating a lot and also
what looks like to be back on here I do
get you a kick go test
like really well-liked kickflip test
like well oh yeah you got a house good
question
yeah alright like I rather go for a
trifle no no no any a miracle he doesn't
hit a pebble while he's doing it oh we
did it
those trucks are very super tight
oh all right
guys tomorrow take over the world and
Olli you're in the Midwest serious
azaireyah we're gonna be there we'll
probably get there like 6:30 starts to
7:00 it's free to watch come watch it
with us hang out the entire revived team
is going to be there plus up ninja
Christian time off
Carlos tons of people right now whack
Brett Novak the list goes on
literally I'm sure we're missing someone
I'm sorry two people and this guy thank
you for hanging out with me for this
video I'll put his uh it might take me a
second to write it in but I'll put his
channel right down the info and if you
want to go to it's just
ja nice whistles right yeah Travis with
youtube.com slash Social Security dagger
which is
just find him then I'll put it down
there a second is there any super chance
with you to think none okay so thank you
guys bring it out and that and
commenting and all that I'm sorry to get
to like actively talk to you guys but
next time I do a live stream it'll be
more interactive and that's it that's it
Susie let's go skate I've got a lot of
tricks
cuz I've got a lot
