Oh Oh go walk yeah okay ah darn it
why'd you blow it dude warehouse went
bit there two hands are you Verde Brian
I'm doing good at what point is walking
out there am I supposed to say to stop
and turn and go back that way well I
know let's talk for a second because
this is a great day alright isn't a
stick a cool you know why it's a great
day case is why one you know why it's
great day out why is that I know I know
I want to tell me why that is a summer
release its revival release my stake of
the world release life take over the
world a moment we've been waiting for
for a long a few time we're going to do
is we're going to go inside and show you
all of the product and then we're going
to do a little bit of skateboarding for
you but uh exciting announcements here
get ready to be unveiled not you but
other things okay give me that hand look
oh my gosh come on cool it's got oh who
knows the story of that ball for the
rest of its life you know who knows
what's gonna happen
you want this yeah do i oh we got a card
full aboard Brian would you have a card
whole board + absurd and humans oh yeah
I've been throwing that all day it's so
durable it's very like no it just it did
we're starting with a poster Briony okay
you guys have seen this in some videos
this might be a weird little scenario
but it's going to make more sense oonh
have you watched take over the world
this would make a lot more sense to take
over the world face the world and then
it says revive and then Brian is faith
is always floating above it all right
please get that out of my sight right
now all right well you're holding here
we're here right now can't be seen
because is it a trick from the video but
it's a poster
it's a good trick we don't spoil it for
years typically come by talented young
person he's the youngest guy that's ever
been on this poster it's possible yeah
baseball you know in baseball what is
the second inning stretch here seven
seven things crochet stretch right now
yeah do it
no come on do the you just woke up
stretching now you got that out of the
way let's do some Fred dude throw you
under there overs oh yeah because every
day you either are naked or wear clothes
so you might as well wear the shirt
which comes in what's this called the
legend legend sure to the legend dude I
want to wear this so bad I've even
gotten a copy yet it's a good one it's a
great one I'm gonna wear that same
copies we're trying out a new apparel
piece is the one there's a little bit
softer a little softer a little softer
wear see how you guys like if I think
you will what's good I like it it's a
really soft poppy you are ever the kind
of person that got lightning struck
through your skull this would be you
right perfect
all right or maybe fire as a flaming
skull T it's really cool the flaming
skull hanging skull all right so what I
imagine is this someone took a skull
okay and just threw it into a fire and
you and you took a picture of it and
then JP drew that picture look at this
exactly look like so the server is
holding right now is to take over the
world shirt okay it comes on black and
telex if you cover the DVD huh oh yes
over here I think it looks like this
does everyone her name on it good one
this is probably gonna be more limited
edition you're disappointed yourself
like I could have right there you're so
that's a great show guys say I hope you
looked at in work sizes I like this one
same charm a company or the same apparel
piece as the legend team also a
supersoft know what it's called yet it's
called the the blasted team now we call
this year because if this was a beach we
call it sunset or called something so
that's the most oh so that means good
I'm just saying because it was your
Beach it if you were laying there looks
good target and you'd be blasted by this
something that's a terribly long name no
just blasted I don't to call blessed
where it slaps it sunset black cat teeth
moving to some stickers okay so say you
have a really terrible door of your
bedroom and you want to look better
we want to make it pink it look better
with stickers so we got some of those
more though sunset stickers
yes Legend stickers this sticker pack is
called the whoa okay and the flaming
skull stickers I'm actually okay with
that name I'm not you get it right oh
yeah exactly
thank you hope I'm not going to argue
with you in the name of the stickers oh
okay I'm okay
remember over the week whoa whoa whoa
been a long time coming right here this
thing it actually came in this morning
two of these that exist my world as of
yet but more will be coming I hear you
but this is take over the world
it's been in the work for three years
there's a lot of guys named in the back
of this and there's a skateboard in it
you should pick it up so the digital
downloads I can get right to you
computer like that is it $12 you get it
on the shred quarters comm you download
it and you'll watch it or you have the
DVD $15 features on there so if you've
got like 30 to 40 minutes a bonus very
interesting I'll say that my good friend
Alex film once you see and take over the
world
specifically the intro there's going to
be something that you really want to see
in the bonus section so if you get the
digital download just make sure like one
of your friends get the visual copy
because there is a bonus feature that
yeah yeah in three years
great all right skateboard time okay we
need skateboards in life to roll it's
true and it's record to enjoy life what
we're calling a serious on board we're
come on the serious I've no idea
the I have no idea series no what I
would call our new video game series
every summer we do a video game and
thing and it's happening right now so
once you pull board and let the case you
look at it this will talk fight yeah it
should be called a revived combat oh
yeah Rev Oertel stomm back go through
all the members in the team in wrong
here here we go no we can let them
decide crews but that is me I'll tell
you that
who do you think it is the rest you get
to figure out for yourself and the
trucks go right here so Aaron will be
staring at a truck I'll be staring at a
truck
or more it is beautiful I literally can
see myself in it YouTube you can see
yourself and that's what you look like
right now
especially car specs and silver foil are
here so we have actually refined to be
able to see it it's a long time for the
master board yes it's literally the
master it's literally yeah the court
comes in Simpson 585 is it glorious this
one also comes in students in five 1885
yes not touching that board
what oh this is the Friday robot oh yeah
okay you're not throw but everyone's
gonna make it but is Ruby Ames
Rose 22.0 so when you beat a certain
video game level and you go cuckoo
cuckoo you're a different letter so this
is a dududududu dude second of graphics
it's not called to do do do-do-do
describe is the duty to do
my name is Bruce to use Burroughs cue
point Oh Sam what do you want that is in
Burnett Park and Rose one was one of the
best-selling debt we've ever had and the
sequel is back get underground only
before the lock at your skate on take
the world limited edition yes
well come up with in that second version
of this this will not be reprinted once
these are sold out they're gone and we
might do an unlimited version missus
take over the world we want but this if
you want this because there's there's a
matching rib skate die version of this
is Luke a die and if you are one of the
few people that have that here is the
next in the series and yeah
we just did one run of these get them
now and because when it's gone is gone
you will be able to get these at the
sensitive Oldham Midwest premiere dollar
skate park and also the west coast one
in a trail house so these will be
available at both premieres some
professional knowledge a okay so first
one is a sculpt series of decks yeah I'm
going to have their own sort of I love
the hood off some of this dogs dogs into
cars dogs that machine work behind him
no that's necessarily why it makes me it
makes sense when you set it right there
I like it and next up
Johnny Geiger with an afro Virgie best
inspector and I'm not sure why even
nature but I think you know cuz
Switzerland is very green and washing a
very mountain than you working Johnnie's
well possibly be whose two else's off
okay fair enough
yes and Aaron Cairo was actually born
out of like he was like just
miraculously it came to existence in a
field of diamond that's why he's so good
at tech is it because of yes that's why
this graphic exists exactly yeah we also
have some take over the world hats which
we're not in we filmed this but check
out the Shred quarters calm to get a
peek at them and yeah all this stuff
comes out at launch this weekend this
Saturday Friday night Saturday morning
we're technically Saturday the 3rd once
it clicks over to the 3rd at midnight at
midnight you guys can get all this stuff
on the shred quarters calm and then
definitely ask your local skate shop to
get the stuff in if they're already not
but we're super hyped on the series is I
love all of these decks and especially
the video anyone who watches that you
know like supports us with that and
means the absolute world we put blood
sweat and tears into this video I'm so
happy about music so this weekend on the
3rd of when it flips over at midnight
all the stuff is available the straight
course our column done reiterating
myself now we're gonna do some
skateboarding and do a couple tricks
each do some tricks
Oh
okay there you guys go there's couple
tricks if you guys get a chance to go on
skate today definitely do so but yeah
this weekend guys Saturday hey all goes
down and from the bottom of my heart
even if you just watch the videos or if
you don't watch the videos I guess I'm
hanging everybody in the world but
notice there's the all the support we
just we're all insanely lucky to be
doing this and we have you to thank
so thank you so much guys can't wait to
show you guys think of the world that's
it I'll see you guys with a new video
all the time so hit the subscribe button
to see more from me simple you just
click it and you're signed up for more
videos but you guys have a great day
yeah that was weird
still have a great day though
can we forget today I think
you
