what is up guys I'm back so I did a
video about me getting arrested for
skateboarding and you guys apparently
liked it so I'm doing another one the
last video about me getting arrested it
wasn't my fault I was just there this
time I was actually doing something I
you know I understand why I got arrested
for it doesn't exist anymore I came here
thinking the building still existed but
I haven't been here probably since I got
arrested and it's just not here so
here's where walking just tell a story
anyway so I was probably like skating
for a year about and we found this old
building and we were just like oh yeah
this is a low roof I should try to ollie
off it okay because that's all we wanted
to do when we were younger we just
wanted to ollie off things and get good
enough to go to skate handrails that's
it and so it was like a low roof and
like you could just pretty cool you know
I'm not suggesting everyone goes skate a
bunch of roofs that don't belong to you
but I mean this roof was super like like
you could carve on it almost and then do
the drop so I wasn't that talented back
then especially like a gap so I got my
feet where just end up in the middle of
my board it was just bad news they just
bring a bunch of boards trying to learn
I just like skate off gaps and drops
like this I tried it like four or five
times came so close I was so hyped on I
was like I'm good you can just say I was
like I want to be able to do this I can
go home and tell my dad like that I out
of a building today you know so I want
to be able to say that you know I would
have had a great time doing it was fun I
loved all and all stuff like look right
here that is like I'm pretty much a
highway over there dude yeah that's a
highway and this building didn't use
exist this is like a church over here so
I think it technically was like probably
right right where that church is but I'm
not gonna like they expanded I'm not
going to go too far over there really
what are you doing yeah it's right there
so I was like all right I can't do it
but you guys should do it my buddies are
with me and my other friend started all
and he was like way better at like bored
control everything in it he tried it he
might have landed it I don't remember
but we got arrested we totally got
arrested and I was like in the mindset
like what do you talk about what we're
doing that wrong and we're hauling off a
roof like I was 14 15 I didn't know I
mean all right no I probably did know I
probably knew that we were like doing
something bad but I thought we was gonna
get kicked out but no they were like you
were getting arrested here in the
suburbs they usually just take you to
the local
shop that's what totally what my dad
would call it so scared it was the first
time that I was just like you know in
trouble and they're like we're gonna
have to have your parents come and get
you or else you're going downtown once
then you're like officially booked at
juvenile hall and that's that's a whole
other fiasco terrible we're sitting
there in the cop shop oh my gosh I said
it again they see him his room they're
so mean to you they treat you like
you're the worst people in the world
which granted I was on off someone's
building so I'm sorry my one friend his
mom immediately came up a got him it was
my other friend and me I finally got
ahold of my stepsister who was 18 and
she was able to come get me and then my
my other friend couldn't get ahold of
his parents at all all right pause for a
second it was way smaller than this roof
it wasn't even that cool of a roof to
say you all it off a building it was
probably like two feet lower than that
it was a low roof we're back at the shop
we can't get ahold my friend's mom and
he's freaking out I say this is a cop
and I'm like look my sister's coming to
get me
if he can't get ahold of his parents and
he has to go to jail can I just go with
him because I didn't want my friend to
be alone well that made the cops super
mad you know that they didn't want to
take us downtown they probably would
have figured it out cuz they don't want
to do all that paperwork cops are just
as lazy as you and I are sometimes if he
flipped out I was like oh my gosh I'm
just trying to be nice like I was just
generally trying to like be there for my
friend because if I widget juvenile hall
I would want somebody with me I won't
watch the process alone I was try to
have a heart the good thing about the
story is that his mom picked up
eventually and then we just came in
goddess and then it was okay but oh my
gosh it was a fiasco I was my first time
getting arrested it didn't stop me from
doing anything stupid with my rest of
Maya
you know skateboarding youth
youthfulness but there's a message okay
if you're 14 and you're skating off
roofs take a look around one you know of
course don't skate a roof that's going
to like damage it and break the building
but pick and choose your roofs people
and take a look around and think like am
I sitting in broad daylight during rush
hour I'm probably gonna get arrested
so I'm gonna go down to the skate park
and we're gonna film a session for you
guys cool let's do this dude
I'm surprised no one talked to us
honestly
actually I thought it something on the
way here it's a good thing to come here
because things like what the story I
just explained all of those instances
led to this like the community realized
like all Haiti's skateboarders are
balling off a building we should
probably find a place for them to skate
so because we were ever there are so
many of us we were always up and down
all the businesses skating and parking
lots of stuff and eventually they built
us a skate park so that worked out well
I'm not saying go that route but letting
you know the community realize that you
need a place to skate is a great way to
get a spark build so rally get people
rally behind go to City Council meetings
all that so yeah those using Google
skateboard near hope I don't suck nor is
it did they renamed it they renamed it
it used to be called wheels which
spoiler alert not even spoiler attention
to everyone that's not a good name Beach
acres skate park is way better name we
called I call it beach ball park
you know I need a stable mom
there we go John alias I was dumb do
that again guys go I'm so rusty today
it's like the first hot day I've been
out well you know what I'm getting
slowed myself though just something I'm
making excuses yeah I suck today but at
least around here skating hope you guys
dug the story time video I know I get a
lot of requests for these and then you
guys really like the arrest of one so I
figured I would tell another story I got
in trouble I'm not trying to say go like
destroy a bunch of stuff and be punks
you know like my eyes just definitely go
skate Street be creative that's the best
but if you get in a jam like that I
suggest be polite either this is uncool
to say do a lot of people but uh you
know no one ever like shoot out somebody
for skateboarding then that person went
on likely to let other people skate
somewhere so you know if they're mean
and rude like be the better person and
just be like yeah sorry you feel that
way that'll make them even more mad but
at least you'll be the better person it
is so windy there you go there's my
story time I do videos all the time here
so if you want to see more videos from
me just hit the subscribe button down
below and yeah I will see you very soon
probably morrow that's it I'm gonna go
take a shower and think about how much
that stuff today
I got sweat right in my right eyeball
this stuff
that's what if you're 15 or 16 just walk
around the camera they will come up to
you and be like what are you doing okay
you need to go probably able to golf to
get through trimmer just buzzing get it
that fast that unsure because you know
they're not that confident not all of
them some of them are none of them they
just probably think we're like here with
the news or something cuz we've got a
nice looking got a nice looking thing
alright let's go before someone does
talk to us but I did I hope we could
Documentum it like that alright
