YouTube what is up guys we're gonna go
to Toys R Us we're gonna buy a very tiny
skateboard and we're going to just try
to see what what tricks we can do on it
let's just go
did you look better in the camera of
them in real life stuff oh yeah you know
it's editing to make your look hot
well John you're gonna do it's a tiny
skateboard let's skate that yellow I
want this to be in my house I guess this
should be the doorway to my nose events
so that's important I thought about it
I've actually like had that in my hands
to do a video with it before it's not
small enough though that's step one on
them rich mix bro watch to Krypton
acquits third Gary 720 double flip this
so that's gonna break you think sup we
should get a backup they reviewed a
clock or look at let's shoot towards the
Barbie what a ninja turtles one right
there that's fine my god the wheels line
up we do that alright we almost look
worried about these quite mmm I was
awesome looking I hope they're not break
the wooden board cuz I want to do on the
wooden one alright I'm gonna start
driving caring well you want a stop sign
you are a green light
alright we ready to get some totally
skateboards Emma that's what I do for a
living
alright here's this one looks like that
one first before I move on to that one
don't break it
I came to look at the gap and I got on
this board thinking I could roll down
the hill
Oh Andy at that skating John nevermind
that's my fault does it very fall out oh
is it terrible
so these you unfortunately have to take
off plastic
do not age this plastic that hard just a
plastic wrap don't blip lash grab on its
attorney guy it can also be used as a
roller skate for some of those big feet
let's do a roll test I mean I kind of
wind cross-country with that one it's so
hot out do we this don't step in the car
it does feel like just a mini skateboard
though at least you are jockey club he
do it I think I can manage the casebook
we just did a mini board video last week
so I feel like we're doing the same
thing more not nice shape bro yeah
first first go just like a foot off the
ground
hey Rocky
you come over here don't be shy man is
do too good all right I'll try the dump
in there a double flip first try ah
triple do you use your we'll put this
for sure this is for Ryan bragging
that's the hardest part
actually Sally I was so exhausted it's
just the heat when we're staying on
black ops I don't feel that hot though
like I would not date me right now I'm
out of breath hahaha
all right dude I should just get it over
with you're pouring I'm gonna do mine
yeah this is so exhausting immediately
all right right here 7:20 oh that's what
storing sweat how was it
aah whoo it's hot
are you ready ah Wow I'm just too
exhausted to stand up already
Christmas them what its of it that was
going to put off so it however never go
ahead
I'm very good
it flipped right yeah that Eclipse
Evelyn whether double I don't know I
don't care 720 influences these filament
it'll not don't put these in the video
was that Justin nine hundred shove it no
seven point six seven twenty shot yeah
let me see that
second but maybe do put it in the videos
knew it thanks man shall just throw big
spin that was beautiful if I die what if
there was a dragon in the world that's
really thirsty like dying of thirst skin
inside my chest right cool band name the
dragon inside my chest
go start ah
DUSU Oh falling structures it's just a
pile of my sweat maybe I should just do
this for another video tells you doc I
gotta cut myself oh I can't see straight
you guys want do a couple tricks well I
was weird okay
0:03 flamp we got never ceases to amaze
me just a three-hole like third try
I even King oh oh oh oh you guys go this
was way more fun than I thought it was
going to be we actually filled another
piece that I'll go on another video too
so if you want to see more videos for me
hit that subscribe button right down
there and you just hit it in your son to
see more videos and thanks to these dude
Alex puing Ryan bragging
Kenneth from Kansas he's a great filmer
and he helped even help edit part of
this so thank you guys I'll put all
their social stuff right down there
below if you want to take their faces
out that's it guys thank you guys and
I'm glad this didn't break because I'm
going to get more use out of it watch
them watch off em out put them out let
you go some of you on your show are just
cool you walked out well just then we'll
just get the same car mode rocked a cool
Oh God and rock it wrong - yeah I don't
know the Nestle rock but you got a mouse
- all your bathroom
