you skate birthday do you really did
that to me YouTube what's up guys it is
new skatepark time we were gonna make
this where else Wednesday but then we
thought about really let's just get this
out there okay we don't want to wait any
longer we got a new section to our
skatepark which changes the whole flow
and if you've seen recent videos we move
the quarter pipe over here so it really
is like a blend of land it's not bland
it's a brand new skatepark for us we do
this every year we switch things up and
we are very excited to finally do a
session on this and show you guys I
would like to thank this guy right here
this is in the face thank you okay
Darren Hayes he built this for us
fantastic I gotta go do some shredding
us is he is he waxing it I can't tell
Wow dude you guys absolutely crush it
and these guys literally were the last
people skating they absolutely destroyed
it everyone did but let's talk about a
little bit cuz we this thing is the
greatest thing that you could ever skate
and we didn't skate anything else so
with the quarter pipe there and this
year you can do lines around the whole
place but we do let's walk over here we
got a little drop in ramp so you can get
more speed or less speed to hit that
ledge across we can take it off we
probably won't but it'd be a cool fun
box and then this thing clearly is
movable so you can like come from the
hip you can skate the hip you can go
front side back side up and down it's
the perfect size stick dude we you
nailed it yeah but you actually built it
so yes thank care hayes for doing this
as he does all our stuff he does a
fantastic job and he skates I think you
see I don't know what you do better bill
or escapes you do both so good dude but
thank you guys for watching well people
see a normal where else Wednesday this
week I know this isn't where else
Wednesday but it was supposed to be yeah
we're going back to the normal things
you want to see videos she the subscribe
button right down below everyone who has
channels that was in this video I'll
link down there and they off great
content you should check them out but
yeah come on in come on it this weekend
the new spring line came out over from
revive so check it out it's in the store
it's online the shred course calm you
want to see the full thing this week's
this last week's warehouse Wednesday has
all of the stuff on field it's really
cool we got cruisers back in stock new
shape this board this is beautiful look
at this thing gosh does that not scream
82 thank you guys for this love and
support it truly means a lot I'll say it
a million times I've said it a million
times and I will say it 1 million more
that I'm just insanely lucky to be in
the skateboarding world at all and I
want to thank you guys for that for
watching these videos and that's it
you're getting smelled by a dog oh
you're a dog
elbow dude I've got something I got
extra knees on my leg okay wants an
extra knees it's when you smack your
body Smith yeah and you get like an
extra to watch here yeah these are okay
that is not my knee but it bumps out
they prey up extra knee
that's an extra knee three days my hip -
dude it sucks I'm not gonna show you
that one because I have to pull my buddy
