her grandma looks sexier Edna bison all
right in the oh oh that was weird
our house one bit where's it cone here
did you say where I was one thing I did
because it is Alec Alec good you just
got here we're finally here who is this
Alex computing today you're warming up
five track track track five tracks five
tricks on the flat bar okay and then I'm
just kidding I'm the outros as a joke do
you get it no you never get what
happened to you the outro this things
that happen already alex is going to
warm up with five tricks on the flat bar
that is give me a mystery challenge and
then you can have five tries to do it we
set up an obstacle course here at red
quarters inside ok it's almost it's just
how ish set up right now but we're going
to like once you get past a mystery
challenge if you live past this 10 tries
to do too much hiatus - nope you can you
talk tricks on the flat bar ten attempts
to make it to top so of course if you do
you get $30 if you don't do ten tries
you still gotta do it you're gonna get
your money and you get hit by one of
those waters fake water balloon things
okay and then you still got to do it
this is what you know and then imagine
KC on a beach is laying on a credit hour
right now alright did you agree I look
at it okay inside this is like a desert
vibe out right now you leaving me to be
decent oh you why you guys can play when
it's hot and then when it's called you
guys always complain about whether she's
all ah and then you can just now it's
like you're swinging oh yeah sure we get
pictus 5 bucks on this flat bar
different dates the drakes first trick I
think piggy piggy lipslide yeah Vicky
board our boards can you do that now in
version
truck hey warden Spanish espa√±ol es
vivir doing smooth transition three
tricks everything now say a word in real
life in Russian ah I don't know any
words in Russian few more tricks it
looks like either that's never even been
done cable oh that's high five all right
so you actually have to for mr.
challenge because there was one that I
want to see you do now we'll put that in
other they've you have one Casey
demonstrate your board flip thing Oh No
yeah Wow
you got to learn how to do it he's so
good it have to learn how to do it he
can help you alright what's the
technique age one let's get a slow-mo
epic shot of this yeah
left oh and the board is going to let go
off the foot like that and at the same
time you're stepping down you want to
step up with this one it's like oh it's
a two foot thing wow I thought it was
just one wizard foot yeah it's stupid I
thought yeah I thought this was Harry
Potter I didn't know this one was Harry
and that one off your foot like that Wow
how did you learn that tourism people an
old video though so you didn't make it
up I just like study alright
Bryan you guys are still okay to get
over here guys walk with me you're going
to drop in here alright land okay do not
mess this up because you've messed up
you're gonna go faced person to that
okay land it and hippie jump through
that convert convert then Ollie up these
stairs oh oh you're gonna be exhausted
I'm here you got to go up turn around to
this corner
come back here kickflip into sitting and
roll down the bank okay
I'll demonstrate real bastard
ooh that patrol down the bank check hypo
that okay so see this ladder it's now
o'clock to place yeah you got a rule far
enough that we know that you landed it
okay and then you got to walk up this
thing walk across the ladder and ask to
drop off okay all right
boardslide or caveman it's up to you but
you have to jump off the handrail onto
the board down there and we'll move oil
will move this rail so you land on it
one yeah you want me to jump all you
another boardwalk boardslide it be easy
dude here you'll leave your board behind
in the dust or cave minute these
executive area long on it
somehow I'm going to jump off onto this
boy am I crazy other thing that he could
do this yes is he gonna die yes I'm
sticking with it okay you have to do it
I'm sorry how many tries for us you get
ten tries to do all this
thanks Ron come on over here there's a
little crack here so I wouldn't just
roll on to it but like just do a
challenge with is over now don't work
just keep going
so yolly on a tear tear Teeter and get
off over here okay and it is going to
like see there's no support right so
it's going to be like yeah and spit you
out okay after that you get to come over
here I mean this is an obstacle course
okay you don't you know you don't turn
on American Gladiators and they do three
things and then you're going to Kurt
around that box which is the most normal
thing you got to do if I'm coming up
with Google oh you can switch boards
that's a good point Brian will be the
board hand guy will switch boards and
then when you land it you guys come over
here and it's going to be here
physically trying to stop you from doing
this I guess oh no no I'm kidding I'm
kidding okay you get to just stop it in
you and you win however you're amazed
now the catch is that joining me with
Ian during the entire time Brian will be
trying to shoot you in the head with the
nerf lovely because this is a
this is the most insane one we've ever
done you win if you win you win thirty
bucks
I've done easier things for thirty but I
know what a lot of times you're me we
make these way too easy sometimes it's
got 150 bucks for just existing and then
we thought it was gonna be hard but I'd
you're just too good okay and then now
you're good
are you ready you can try it I tried is
that like ten things to do about you on
your mark get set go
the horrible death try to
yeah
ii trust
all right now the terrifying part try
four
tripod what
black 5 more tries because this is his
sixth truck
this is a probably one of the harder
ones partially about this is that the
longer it takes to land the more tired
you get that's why you're missing
kickflips price whoa
swish be careful is it hard
was crazy that was way harder in the
boardslide oh my god whoa
you got this
you got workout today in fact it was
amazing everyone's like awkwardly like
congratulating he just hugged my thumb
that was we created my favorite part to
do and I forgot all about it
I should make you do it again because
you went and sat down before you did
this it was terrifying I don't know I
didn't even force line I just like jump
from one came out happy jumble
quite possibly the greatest line if they
were having intercourse yeah for sure
yeah my heart better than
everything ninja has done he's gonna be
maddening good try to be here soon I
know he want a sequel episode which is
fine because he actually did like a
obstacle course here one time it was
really good alligator skin he's a good
dish
God just fueled his his brain this guy
has a wonderful youtube channel where he
has an exciting new series dumpster-dive
skateboarding we're super creative and
so right there is where you want to
click it just popped up awesome content
and you get all that money look a little
special Thank You me if you want to see
more videos from me I do videos all the
time so hit the subscribe button down
there you just hit it in you're starting
to see more videos
but yeah I'm sweating because I had to
run that whole thing every time if you
would have stuck to the first trick I've
been a lot easier on me
Oh new skateboards are in this is I
think this is one people been wanting to
see I mean
you
