YouTube what is up guys so I got to be
quiet because I can't let riding to hear
me I am doing a video where we are
eating bugs right here these are the
flavored crickets and these aren't the
weird ones there so there's two of them
that are way weirder and I don't want to
do in this video but I'm going to do it
and I'm going to challenge the riding to
see if he tries all three levels of
weirdness and if he does that I'm going
to reward him so lets you get right in
surprising whistles right in come buddy
come downstairs
well hi bingo hi why is he always scared
knighted oh my gosh okay Wow how do you
like the sound of winning a Pokemon pack
yeah you're that calm about all right
you don't need to win the door worry
about it yeah there we go
there we go so take me buddy I was
joking
I'll take me out you don't kick your
turd in these cups are three weird foods
and you've got to eat entire one from
each level of weirdness and if you do
we'll go to Target and we'll get the
Pokemon back okay are you up for the
task are you scared you're not yeah the
first one are you ready for it then we
get look at a drumroll there we go huh
cricket yeah you have to swallow it
yeah hi Jeremy stone you want to bacon
and cheese first or salt and vinegar all
right we got you wanna both I don't need
EJ fuck yeah well I've done this once I
was in a bag
it's not like salt and vinegar all right
a little bit about the attack the entire
container is 4.3 calories so if you want
to lose weight eat cricket I need now
yeah
it's so crispy
alright here's mine Flint I'm so gross
though
I love being pancake Melanie um I love
you okay for everyone that's freaking
out
it really does just tasting a chip yeah
but the fact that you know you're eating
Krueger is a super weird horrible make
me a little like I'm good at eating
stuff but that's where this is a bacon
and cheese oh my gosh you liked it like
would you eat more Curtis yeah an
adventurous travel east so proud of you
buddy here's your's
whoo looking at those legs look at this
leg oh this would look so much more
cricket because it is campus this is a
cricket
yeah that any music bacon or cheese
there's little cricket legs just on the
table this there's a pretty leg didn't
see that either regularly it's gonna get
a lot worse here on out are you ready
for the next phase what are you ready
yeah black and eggs you got to eat the
entire can yeah yeah that's exact I'm
gonna eat so I really hope these don't
look that gross like a male these are
from Thailand please don't look like
yeah please don't look like a look at
coffee grounds oh my gosh oh this is
disgusting I'll go I got things good
what I'll do it but that is disgusting
it's too small to film it's just a bunch
of baby ants and eggs really small ants
and eggs
yes how much do you think I'm gonna eat
of this look at history hold your spit
up he's got a baby spoon and I've got a
huge spoon you're doing it first those
are all ants and eggs are you ready oh
your mouth no all of it all of it all of
it
I hope you don't show this video to your
future girlfriends there's like a new
anthem oh that is disgusting
announcer doing the smooth and care
growl it alters ants everywhere oh my
gosh your mom is gonna be so mad
there are so many better ideas than that
but you have to swallow some so all it
really fast okay ready
in swallows swallows wrong as far as
well as well as well he's horses oh my
gosh oh my gosh that is disgusting
so that terrible there give an ant on
your nose now that I'm thoroughly
terrified to try this can I use them
I'll use the big spoon it it tastes bad
mmm here's nothing mmm I don't want to
but I got to come one for all
nah that was disgusting
I'm gonna go drink something I'm gonna
go I'll be back still appear what's an
away Dan that was the grossest thing
I've ever eaten in my life
gosh we gotta clean up you probably spit
ants all over this house are you ready
for the super weird one
I am terrified now I'm just I'm super
scary scared whoa get over here
not a cranky blob well you're just you
are just enough you are in luck a bug
kabob oh I'm terrifying this
these are bugs oh my gosh I don't that's
a grasshopper look at this that is a
full-on grasshopper you got to eat that
day your Pokemon back then have any
flavor just salt it's just so high oh
there's a worm - you ready yeah you like
it
what does it taste like matches people
that like doesn't eat this I a little
bit like here's a worm this is like this
is a a this is a silkworm you guys need
it from the grasshopper scare I'm going
to doesn't taste like anything don't
gross this looks like a grasshopper be
ready hey I'm a backup mmm what do you
say it's an is long enough it's just the
same isn't creepier cuz I feel like it's
being this big it's creepy alright I'm
gonna hate the big one I really don't
want to eat the big one looking at seen
few times they got nice big run yard
bags oh my gosh that's good logic all
right hey I'm trying to get over
I think creepy they're like there's I
can't wait
Brisby hours from now and not feel bug
of my mouth I won't be another glass
apple you do I'm like chewing this up
it's not going away here you're oh
another cricket
sorry good cool this is disgusting how
the water and dragging you pass a test
you probably didn't well no I would I
would say you did better than I did but
I didn't spit up pants everywhere that
was disgusting yeah I didn't know the
ants were going to be terrible like that
the crickets are not bad at all they're
just crunchy and quick and you're done
they actually taste good
especially this Alton bigger ones the
mounting bolts the bacon wordage
whatever I thought this would be the
worst because it's big and it was a
little weird especially the big
grasshopper took a long time to chew and
I was like this you can just feel the
shape of the grasshopper your mallet was
disgusting thing by riding since you
tried to do the ants twice I know I said
you have to swallow since you tried at
least do the ants twice I'll still give
you the Pokemon back okay you did good
buddy I'm so proud of this little dude
like a lot of parents have trouble
getting kids eat vegetables like I just
got mine eat bugs you're adventurous
buddy I love you all right well let's go
to Target we're going to get that bug of
my back and we're going to show you what
he got
and then we'll go to the park yeah oh
and for everyone asking where I got
these because I know I'm gonna get that
question a lot there is an international
grocery store here in Cincinnati called
Jungle Jim there's two locations and
they had a weird bug exhibit out and I
was like I'm buying this we're making
this video so I hope you guys like that
let's go get the reward right let's go
remember that one time that shoes and
socks ends up being Crocs but we do it
oh my gosh that was it cube year yes oh
I love you to it yeah on one sweet sweet
did you're totally not going to like
Crocs as much when you get orders all
right I love clash yeah I know you do
and that's good so yeah I beat up there
and Mario Brothers
remember that Mario Cart sounds
I missed that ball right there was a
Mario on the basket all right yeah know
how it works
Wow you've all the things you get you
would get a fabric banner okay move
along come on remember that seeing Star
Wars move along look at all these
mannequins that one looks different it
just looked at me come on sorry guys hmm
you get one pack you want the new ones
which come out already - yeah I got it
thanks for eating bugs when I got a park
and open it up yeah yeah yeah you
definitely chose it 21 yeah did you get
it yeah all right let's go to the park
and open it up okay telling you riding
sharks can't arm-wrestle all those files
all right you know many open up
carefully freeze
okay Wow there's a pack oh I'm throwing
it yeah open it all right oh my gosh I
thought pokemon cards are flying
everywhere
Patil ill pedal a Geodude X Chauncey
Harper rock wall
yep I got a Vulpix pancham oil watchdog
look at them yes swellow is the rare Wow
there's a bug you want to eat it swamp
fun altar of the Sun and then a mallow
there was your prompt dude I'm so proud
of you Vikram head I'm so proud of you
for eating this book doesn't weird thing
to say for English bugs I love you I
think you like your Pokemon cards you
have tons of them but now you got the
brand new said they came out but there
you guys go this just white is crazy
right now I hope you guys liked that
that you guys for watching
do you have a good time writing well it
was an interesting video that's for sure
I give videos all the time so if you
want to see more for me and him because
he's in a bunch of them hit the
subscribe button down there you just hit
it and you're signed ever see more
videos so you guys have a great day and
yeah if you if you end up having bugs in
front of you
not missing out if you don't eat them I
promise you that you just dropped your
pokemon cards you're gonna fly away all
right hey say bye
Wow did you miss a buyer the court said
bye Oh
hey bagel do you want to cricket what a
crazy bagel do ya
why cricket
