you're live are you sure that I'm alive
it says you're alive there's comments
coming in to a YouTube live video
because if you're seeing this in the
future that's not live it is filled wide
that's why this way so today we have
Alex view to the name spicy fist
fighting Casey Begley we have another
plenty of tea and we have a Barbie
skateboard and tempest I got it for
another video I got two boards for a
certain video and other board did just
fine which now it's perfectly pieces
somewhere answer over there pieces
because of Stephen but now I have
they're supposed to decrypt a beautiful
the grip tape is their faces Hicks
Barbie the big parties you're like
skating like the best here I like her
glasses you know a red shirt so many
over I bet you do Casey actually I don't
care about this classic at all you guys
to deal with this but it has light-up
wheels and I'm going to move the phone
and talk to you guys but then they're
going to do this you're happy you got on
the phone right now is Justin a lot of
her you can have this board after this I
just for you
as one bolt yeah and then so Justin will
be the score counter no we're not going
hey oh hey hey will you throw this away
for me thanks dude oh wow
all right hey guys I'm on the phone now
you guys want to do a Rochambeau to to
guess you guys first I was just gonna
let go just want this
Nathan Johnston is from swashing from
Scotland oh yeah okay on for two or
three
Oh your first uh yeah uh the one I with
the way on it when I lost Jim say Jack
say Jack tousle hi back in the UK hi-5
back what back to the UK back to the you
can oh it does roll hey Ajay Deva thank
you for the kind words dude um no cool
game or whitey hey you guys can do
stationary if you want okay you be right
will you be by my side
blah Nagar do what you got a bit you
gotta keep track of their score
you gotta tell people okay
all right first trick usually turned
your ankle you were cruising do you say
what's up Justin what's up Justin bleiel
what up just while I know I was shot
Barbie boys says Wyatt
Oh No nollie I was totally gnarly I'm
gonna get over here let's go over here
oh that's be has that yep he does
actually you know what
I should you should just you want to
film and I'll just be in it huh that'd
be a better idea but you got to tell me
you got to tell people thanks guys I'll
do a little Q&A at the end of this so
yeah but tell me anything in there is a
special chap that comes up Justin is
called a super chat it'll be like
colored just give them a shout out
there's really light up somebody said
okay hey Kasey Kahl says pink suits you
in a good and I do leeway though oh
absolutely I'm like it's like Christians
v-tex griptape Krista's fidei rules is
that weird he goes really fast they're
still classic yeah it was it's it's
Martin's birthday is it is it worse than
the other princess board oh wait yeah
way worse I don't like the classic you
just bow way you guys can just just
stationary point it is the wheels won't
light if the wheels don't light up
like flat ground fire
pop shuvit got a trick you know them to
resort to going to Alex Rick said hi you
see the butter stick what do you mean
nest s yes yes
dude he's almost got it next one for
sure oh oh wait you're not recording are
you oh you're good
all right Alex come on look at those
light-up wheels
oh my gosh all right
good catch Casey whoo dude ruben gave
you every single emoji no de man did
nice nose pick uh hey Chloe where's
betting $100 that you win don't bet on
that way better yeah I put one on Alex
say hi from Sweden
say hi to Sweden
oh man I bet put your tongue back this
is a terrible board to skate on yeah ah
I think what do you think is gonna do
thank you Joe
oh yeah it's busy doing what up Seth you
think oh hey you know let's see what you
got Casey
is that what do you what are you doing I
flow down I won't go again jeez I wonder
why
Thomas wants to see one more board from
the summer line no they Thomas pop-pop
pounds are you gonna film one now I
don't think so it's too early next week
though maybe whoa that have been good
thank you
do it yeah then good job my bad so wait
you're okay I'm okay Jesus tenten tenten
- oh my gosh that was super good Oh
clean never gone
what dude that would be so hard oh yeah
oh yeah somebody I'd do a rail slide
it's just flat ground um do a tre flip I
think alex is about to try a tre flip
you got a dude how has no one done a
kickflip to try to kick football oh you
know I'll kick okay thank back dude okay
Olly Olly
Oh at least he flipped it their kid
flipped to say what's up to Kevin from
Brazil hey Kevin 540 shove it's good
idea I was really good
you're a K 2 so it's K 2 K no no I
didn't know oh you did land it didn't
you
so you're at K your desk yeah okay uh
thank you cool gamer that was a really
good attempt though KC what's a Bracken
yeah bragging is a fifth day now he's a
very interesting human being though
always entertained to be around that guy
oh it was the first one nolle yeah
that's why you landed it no I didn't
even think of that I just thought you
were doing your trick switch laser says
Tripp scoots you guys a forward flip
Brent
Hubbard says which is a realistic idea
for you
this is dangerous uh you asked about the
Robert Morgan says which of you on the
excel mids I love all of the mids are
those the big ones
what are these cell mids are they excel
slim mitts oh yeah those are good I like
this
Chloe ridin is with his mom they're
getting rid we're about to go to a
vacation of to Florida oh and we got
there get ready
Wyatt yes I have two Nintendo switches
actually because I have one for me and
then one for a community room in my
house well I we just happened - dang it
during it so you have two switches and I
have no switches do you want one I mean
you can buy my second one I do want if
you're looking for one there probably be
able to pretty easy to get though Mario
Kart is so good
Martin Zelda are like the greatest games
ever oh he's having a lot of I'm just
talking about I've been paying attention
at all of this business pointing at you
guys uh-oh that's my boy wants me to
choke you bangerang peter shove that
dear fakie I only get one
are you still in it s you have watching
us he has a you have T y ou the three
flip guess we're playing games game I'm
bad I'm terrible I'm so sorry guys I'm a
terrible score keeper was YouTube is
that trying a four flip you trying to
forward flip um Mike wants to know if
you can eat your cat you might be asked
try and ask me but so no you can't eat
my cat um oh I can give you one do a
fakie 3 show Oh nollie shove-it the
other way do a pop shuvit sex change
they'll be terrible hard you do that
they'll be really hard I mean he's in I
asked you can be cheesy as you want on
him
well he fell off yeah look at your face
you okay
Mustang wants you to yell sonic uh
somebody wants us to snap the border or
finish but I don't yeah I thought you
were talking to some males now I was a
chef at sex change you jumped so much
taller than the board Steven get out of
the chat what was that sex change the
other way I thought it was a fakie egg
hard flip or something like I can't
expect in your heart
one more try one more try
didn't you taught me that trick didn't
you all right well hey you're the winner
this guy's faces the winner
oh my gosh okay I'm gonna go down there
and do some Q&A oh that was pretty good
uh I was up guys I'm still a little
action about too bad I was a little
sweaty from I tried to nine-hundred flip
a really small skateboard before this
video and I was sweaty and I didn't land
it um octobot is studying biology right
now that I'd only ever took biology but
it sounds like a headache wait huh Anne
siese mrs. palsey skate gamer did I ever
play pharmacy 15 I bought it and I have
not even opened yet which I really want
to because I hear it's good um I have
been a huge fan of Final Fantasy but I
haven't had time to play it ladder to
use but what was that you tried 720 flip
the princess board there hold on
you got that was that 540 Thomas pant
the ponds pans I don't know
says his Jason Park on flow for revive
he's not he's not no he wouldn't you
really got that going I should say I
should film that for a little random
this video I'm doing um sorry guys I was
going to a Q&A but this is happening now
Jake Jake says Jake Hagel says what
happened the old revenge crew and I mean
most of them are still with us right
yeah alex has been there since the
beginning you almost did it so the mash
knows Tyler and Kyle they just they
didn't really like skate heavily no cow
didn't skate ever um he was just kind of
here to hang out and they just doing
their own things in life Jase just stop
skating as much went through high school
like got different friends stuff oh he's
like a little brother to me so he's
always been around but um um who else
West quit skating altogether dude stop
messing with me in my livestream cheese
but go up here do you do it uh but you
know like Thomas I think he was on
revenge and a bunch of us are still here
even Casey Casey's hanging out of those
weird revenge he has all the his much
old decks um hey Casey do you play
destiny
I know Sabre does right I've never
played at Sabre does though I'm an
overwatch guy Josh will Richard and says
hey Steven STIs go back to work he's
actually off today he came in to film me
though how Ryan says Ryan M Kaufman says
how long I been doing YouTube I think I
got serious about it in 2009 yeah the
end of two
when you obviously August 3rd is when I
stirred well I was doing like weird
videos yeah um 9 is when we yeah started
doing stuff I you were there I was in
Dolly's a whole lot yeah we did in
sessions yeah there's a lot of good
videos yeah dude I was looking to old
pictures of myself skating yeah and it's
like I was like really overweight but I
remember myself like trying huge stuff
back then yeah so I like I gained weight
but I never stopped skating like I did
when I was like in my heyday you know
not my heyday be like Street jumping
down so um all right I need to get
serious by answer to these questions um
oh I dunno Chester I see it now at the
end door dude Chester ADHD thank you for
the super chat I would have seen this at
the end I just didn't see it when the
when it was going through the feed and a
lot of spin going but I appreciate I
appreciate super chance people oh well
wrong turn there's my face do a fakie
switch flip that's what a nollie flip
that's what that is
um are FBR see cases will there be a
special design for the hundredth board
graphic do we even have a hundred well
how close are we I don't know
I never even cut no because we never
would have thought of that no I think
we're looking for you we never hey say
uh what's Cameron say what's up Cameron
in Alabama what up Cameron in Alabama
yeah
um DJ I think you totally can land it in
Raheel inside your apartment your people
below you might be super bummed YRC
legends UK says why did you stop this
Eirik showdown deck
it's the best deck well every deck
usually has it as a life 80-something
board what we do we then plus the decks
so 100 zach is coming up but the t-rex
showdown it's sold good but it didn't
sell like tremendous like if it's deck
does really well we'll keep bringing it
back I know like the cat life that did
really well we're gonna do like a second
series of that like private different
color same with a 3d cat like pretty
much we're just gonna make food boards
okay
and cat graphics we wish you love making
so that's fine um Clemente says what's
the best trick you've seen landed by
someone it'd be tough to say it probably
someone like Carlos for Jason Park one
of those dudes at Cody wit like I have
some very talented friends that I've
seen do things that just don't make
sense you're talented just not on a
skateboard he's actually I'm talking to
him oh yeah now you're dating you're
decent oh he's good he's good he can do
I even got some switch to nose manual
stuff man
you know bad you're asking questions so
I'm better
well no I'm kind of giving advice I said
yo
while you're you to go viral hire me we
can make it happen
I'm alright I'm gonna do like three
questions guys um my octobot my favorite
subject in school was honestly probably
math I was good at it or like I would
just like not to promote this but I was
like sleep in class and then I wake up
do the review learn the content and then
just like rock the test the next day but
I always like I don't know I liked math
and then it all depends a teacher though
because if you have a good teacher that
makes the whole experience way better
but math and history I would say the
stream is lagging I'm sorry it's going
smooth on my end um Gandalf the Gandalf
the black 29 says what is the worst
trick you've ever seen by someone
probably me landing I mean I've landed
some terrible things
so like oh really
that sucks all right well then I'll just
do one more
uh max Dibble says any what's your
favorite thing about owning such a nice
place to skate in the winter I still
walk into this place and I just don't
believe that I actually have a place
like this you know but do you I mean you
said it's pretty much just the best
thing is being able to come here at
night and skate and no matter what time
of day or you know or night specifically
night though because it's just it's kind
of cool to have a place at night I don't
know it's unreal so thank you guys
because you watch my videos helps me out
and also um last week I didn't do the
live streams I just did five videos I am
gonna I'm about to go on vacation so
you're probably going to get five videos
a week for the next few and I'll try to
go back to daily here shortly but um
yeah things are insane with my life
right now especially with take over the
world so bear with me guys I truly
appreciate that and I'm gonna start
traveling right after take of the world
again so you guys will see like out in
the world we aren't revenge's all that
stuff so yeah guys take a bite jet adios
amigos um dude congratulations on
winning Casey you did pretty good to
some of those cuz that was an awful
board I should have done with em sorry
Justin thank you velvet filming Stephen
thanks for Nora hold on why I forget
what part of Florida I'm going I think
it's in like the water area st.
Petersburg so I'm going I'm not waiting
for you guys you have a great day
tomorrow I have a video with Rhydon
where we eat bugs and it's disgusting
but you'll you'll probably enjoy
watching it and then this week's where
else Wednesday is with this dude man and
it's it's a very unique
where else Wednesday I think you guys
are gonna love it ooh oh yeah Thomas
Thomas wisdom thank you so much for the
super shot and he's gonna be at Holly's
so yes we we will see there him and he
just ain't any border-box from us so
dude Thomas's the man you rock thanks
Thomas wisdom people alright let me go
to the super chair real fast if I can
get to it
so Chester ADHD Thomas wisdom you guys
the best everyone else you rule too
we will see you back anymore this little
more know if you super chat
