you zoom what is up guys so today my
family is coming up to my work and I am
going to do a couple things I'm going to
make my wife do pop show in a long time
she landed one and I'm gonna Holly over
what you've never holiday over my wife I
can't believe I had never Ollie over my
wife but I'm going to do it today and
then before then before they're here I'm
going to play with this
how many are you losing I saw stomper
rocket which I did a video with a ride
and I won time with this but I saw this
like for like discounted price was there
us and I was like I'm we're gonna play
with that inch right core so I don't
know what we're going to do but I'm
gonna make this entertaining I promise
oh I got an idea
I'm gonna surprise Brian Ames on my hand
with the rocket we opened it this is
like the oldest toy in history was super
effective congratulations on walking in
like just 10 seconds too early now we
gotta get somebody else who we're going
to mess with welcome Julie just another
thing or the land I was about to destroy
you with that rocket right there oh I'm
so good yeah oh it's just a lot okay no
about me here you can't do it yeah yeah
was it just a long ago hold on why stop
this thing yeah why do I want Amy Amy to
people you're supposed to like aim into
the sky though yeah you're just gonna
like it's like a ghost of that second a
second Katie are you okay
do I get a second she would indicate
five seconds of trying steps of it up
Casey if you try to just first kill the
door rusty and improve it and then he
won't come in when we wanted to and then
he locks me out I don't have my keys
we're gonna get Bernie along just it and
then here first I can do when you yell
at me like that all the we've got people
suck you suck first all you got and then
you suck it in kg sucks
what the way you yelled girl oh my god
how tall is it always like way over
there you do here I gotcha from here
I'll give you 20 bucks p.m. Samira don't
move I'm at right here with it that's
gonna go straight to the ceiling maybe I
don't know you hit boys well yeah we
just like sabotage people here hold on I
got an angle well he sees you now just
hit him oh my I think Ryan chambers
might be oblivious he might really go
around the back
he's poking at us right now actually I
think above you yeah I don't think it
oblivious I've now realized that
everybody in this room that was like
that would have changed his life look at
him now I know I'm like right over right
good not this is the new best thing in
the warehouse oh there's a 10 bucks
where'd you get that Toys R Us of course
yellowcake a shooter right you muttering
like yeah I guess don't mean the face
may go directly to the face don't know
Oh miss you oh gosh drop it here the
camera Parvati don't get me is very good
help it so good it perfect like you
coolest thing you've ever purchased I
know it's so good I wish the two was
longer we're quite a nugget let's make
him do tricks and then fire denim sure
where are you critically where are you
okay get inside we're going to hit you
coming to the warehouse we're going to
hit you with a Brocket okay all right
cool high high vision holy yeah well
that never happened driver father we get
sponsored bunch of whole life we
shouldn't see you're supposed to just
shoot into the sky which LEM excited it
was a fan send me 10 well Avery gold
fence that's boring
aren't you gonna walk out that door oh
yeah you just don't what
I've never seen that hey that's not you
have to rock it when you do some
connection we'll find that out you 5k
yeah I needed I take my shoes it's the
oldest one in the world they had that in
like the 50s exactly the 1450
so you just ate it what a burrito no I
had a real bull but I had to put it up
there are you are you sure you this try
are you freaked on him in the face front
cartography carefully inhaler you might
just like hit the burrito out of you you
want to do record writer that's all I do
here have well let's start with that
since he's burrito bold okay you're
gonna kill him
the
you miss in the arm
in the winter in the winter I think your
trick down the stairs maybe a nollie
bigspin maybe maybe good my back Victor
yes thank you
well we used to do those marathons with
Chris this is like the all adult this is
the upgraded version we need to get like
five of these are we why would you do a
nollie bigspin no like why would you do
like a one hi buddy
Karen hey crispy Nuggets getting hit by
a bottle rock you want to come see it
right there's not a bottle rocket what
hey baby I just get up an ollie over you
okay
is that cool she said yes quick come
here watch this
even in handy that was good somebody I'm
Chris oh what's your name I'll just
write a nice peachy I like it here a lot
whoo Wow it's got a Power Ranger on a
ride in here why challenge you got to
pop shuvit no Manali over yo okay no
Alison she's like I just shot by a
rocket though like sweating I haven't
skated yet how about you eat the salad
Ali over you while you're eating it
yeah come on let's do it come on Ali my
family
if you like that up before you wish I
saw his head fly up and I turn around
he's a pigeon spinner in the air
hey your kid doing the drive-thru last
night
okay so she's about to be doctors
destroyed last night she's brought me
about doctor tomorrow like she's about
to get her doctorate and I would drive
through a guy we're talking to him here
like a she's a doctor down and then he's
like and I'm a kid so I guess it's oh so
close
way to be a kid buddy stage the box not
here no oh my gosh
there you go try it oh that was even
better your other one you jump I get a
high five check it one more high five I
get a roll acrylic Oh rooster we really
need to YouTube Brewster sound yeah if
you do that first try I'll buy you a
monkey I want to yeah well you're
getting 100 cents
oh no Landon that is super dusty I
wouldn't go in there
hi baby oh oh okay no that's when you
ate it oh that was it not around I lean
on the word goodnight found a doctor
almost dr. Marrs
dr. Trott oh that was mmm
your foot was more up here and you want
to like for like some like maximum
spinach but about their weight hanging
yeah
are you more leverage feel better oh you
jump so good
I love you she did it and I especially
wanna do this video but it's because
tomorrow she is literally going to
graduate grad school and be a doctor so
you've done amazing work in last 7 years
baby I love you and you can pop shuvit
yes my time you watch this she's been a
doctor for a week though so in this
video about here but a lot of people
watch my videos don't actually subscribe
to me I'm going to tell you a little bit
about me I do ski videos I do whatever
videos I find entertaining I just have
fun with my youtube channel this is my
skate part I started a business from
YouTube and I have an online skate shop
and a couple brands this is right here
it's my online skate shop I do it with
Brian Eames and a lot of awesome
individuals I have so many good friends
help me out so that's the shred quarters
calm I always encourage you it's for
your local skate shop of course and then
revive skateboards well I totally own
and operator of on skateboards with
Brian Eames and ask your local skate
shop materias gun promoting myself I got
to just give you guys a little spiel but
do you want to see more videos from me
hit the subscribe button right down
there
you just hit where it says subscribe and
your sign up for more videos and that is
it guys thank you guys for watching I
had a blast this was a lot of fun for
just a thread quarters video and yeah so
I'll see you guys tomorrow and you have
a good time in the meantime bangarang
thing about YouTube is can I refuse over
Colwell they got kids in there
that's right use the fan right here how
he thought it'll grow
it is pretty gross I mean it's just like
little clapping things on our face that
we just like I'm gonna press mine
against yours here's banner you didn't
do it I've had chili on my face the
whole time I don't know we saw why
wouldn't you tell me I post apply you
think I don't do two times and not tell
me twice oh I did that here's here's a
banner here's better
