two hours of sleep last night you
there's so much stress riding on this is
a big deal I mean it isn't a YouTube
video this is a DVD modern technology
what do we do Josh come start it god
what so sweat and you're just so
stressed right I'm strapped I'm so
stressed right now
ah I got you know I know we're going to
do now I totally know what we're gonna
do now where's the starkest trailer off
with the most memorable day trick
there's to be so good like the best
trick blow everyone's mind out of the
water and I know just the trick
yeah I was amazing
the hell is so fast
you
oh there you guys go that was the
trailer for take over the world which
comes out in just a couple weeks I am so
so excited to make this happen it's been
a long time so much work
everyone on the team and then beyond our
friends and family have been so
supportive with this and it's just crazy
to think this is finally coming out
it makes me insanely happy you have no
idea so the details are that it comes
out June 3rd okay the Shred quarters
along with all of the revived summer
gear you're going to be able to get that
when the clock strikes midnight on June
3rd thing really is a Friday night June
2nd that night as it has clicks over
into Saturday is when it's available so
the info is $12 for the digital download
you get the the full length video front
to back and then 17 for the DVD if you
get the DVD of course get a physical
copy of it but with the DVD you're also
going to get a lot of bonus features I
mean there's probably like a good like
30 plus minutes of extra stuff and some
of it I promise you you're going to want
to see so I'm personally a fan of
physical copies anyway so there you guys
go you know we put so much blood sweat
and tears into this video and then we
when getting this video supports
everybody on the team maybe your
favorite skateboarder is on revive you
know you're actually helping them out by
by grabbing this but we are also doing a
premiere a nollie skate park in Northern
Kentucky literally every single person
of the revive team is going to be there
and then a bunch of horse do is
Christian
Jason Park a lot of awesome people like
just that are in the family like black
ninja Tomas I think's coming into town
Nigel Alexander Carlos all those dudes
they're going to be there so please come
hang out with us I'll put info to go to
the Ali's website right down there we
can you can check it out
but yeah it's gonna be awesome I think
it's a seven o'clock or here it's free
to watch the video and then you can pay
to skateboard afterwards but it'll be a
good session because it'll be tons of
people there a lot of energy so yeah
take the world's finally here people get
excited I've been doing a lot of promo
over the next couple weeks for this so
stay tuned I can't believe this is
finally here no he had the intro that
was really crazy and goofy and
over-the-top but I had no idea what I
was doing for the intro
the trailer and I just walked into Brian
Eames office night film dad so it kind
of felt like one of the older skits I
used to do so that was kind of fun I
hope you guys enjoyed it
but more videos all the time here so hit
the subscribe button right down there
and then after the first hour or
whatever I'll put some bloopers from one
else filming now there's a couple of
them that are kind of funny so I hope
you guys have a great day if you can get
out there and skate board definitely do
so and then watch out for take over the
world in two weeks
Oh what did I find here I found this I
should probably go use this before we
end the video it was it was like this
and you just you just you just did that
it was your exit yeah I'm gonna go real
oh geez
general I'm not literally trying to
start talking write it and then the
second I did use it thank you Evan wants
a CPU Brian aims videos here there we go
there it is there's like stress running
on DVD like modern eggnog this cheap I'm
so strict
I need your order I'm stressed yeah you
have you just technically let's just
take all your face and leave get it out
of the door I like the one I know it's a
great get out of the door hobby
stressing out I'm so stressed right now
is a total stress or massage right now
how are you laughs is it going on okay
these are very hard tell me what
you
