you do what is up guys what are we doing
right now ready King donkey
yes and this guy is super excited to do
this he's he saw some videos online of
it and he wanted to do it himself so
we're doing it right here right now and
he's never done it before he's never
done putting on trick shots so I guess
we'll see we'll see if he's got what it
takes
mm-hmm why would you yourself a face can
you see any jobs but just dessert no no
it does not get as a ping-pong ball
thankful you won't hate your dad does
hurt we got our cups well we just need
one but we've got we've got cups so
let's put some water in this oh okay
we're going to start with some basics
and then we're going to get do some
trickier trick shots are you ready okay
hey do the base thing just bounce it in
that was mega pounce all right what
you're gonna do is going to bounce off
the table you've got to do that okay and
go in there and hopefully if you do that
you will get tickled man help oh it
doesn't let maybe I should do more you
got it
Oh almost Oh give me five Amy but wait
wait no fives not here now if it's a low
five yeah you did it good job good job
close your toe chef Jeffrey three years
look he's happy are you kidding what huh
you looks happy all right we're taking
this over here we're gonna set this here
okay and I'm going to bounce it off the
table off the wall and into here okay
there you do it I feel a tickle you for
landing the first one hey hey hey my
tries name is getting all right probably
Lodge your the ball return to it okay
wow the table does not found we found a
big sign this would work all right right
you ready right here oh that's good a
word college me cake Oh was necklace all
right right here
oh oh ah let me see your ninja punches
is your turn
are you ready yeah critical presume yeah
no no okay all right now I'm gonna set
up a special Star Wars trickshot are you
ready for you are you up the test Wow
are you use the Force sure are you beep
our intern I look at all bad
oh yeah well if I Ranger in Star Wars
you all right yeah all right well I was
hoping these are bounce but they don't
so you're just gonna do your best and
try to get it in there okay do it no you
don't you gotta hit them you gotta hit
every single one do it yeah just like
that okay but I hit all of them go in
and then you get tickled okay all right
did you what you you want to get tickled
you want to get tickled why would you
want to get tickled I'm just gonna keep
running in circles I'm just gonna keep
running in circles dude you did so good
okay we did come downstairs because it's
like 85 degrees upstairs it's super hot
it's my parents I'm going to do I'm
going to do one here in the living room
it's a bummer the Star Wars things
didn't balance I was hoping to make some
really crazy ones with that but we'll
make some cool shots I don't have a lot
of ping-pong balls for that that would
take a while what I'll do it I'll throw
from over the couch hit the table and
then it'll be in the cup over here think
I can do it give me your ankle
uh yeah yeah oh yeah dad like needs
better better than that
ah he generated it like a flash
well now you're on my side all right
here he was oh are you kidding me thanks
buddy
watch this one terrible so look is it
your turn man is it your turn man your
hands are what all right I'm gonna set
something up for you they won't you like
thank my boss he does doesn't it
all right all right your next challenge
is you have a ping-pong ball you throw
it you're the bowels of this it's gonna
bounce off your face you know bounce on
the board it's gonna bounce off the
ceiling and then go it okay okay very
good
okay that's what I meant ready baby
bounce there you got to get behind the
board so you throw it straight okay do
it
oh my gosh aah you got this okay
yeah you got it oh my gosh oh my gosh
should I do
right off the camera yet God yeah I know
you got to just tell you that was a good
one but you got to do the real one the
way it spun around made it so much
better
nailed it
I'm gonna do it to watch oh I got too
exciting just threw it away
what do you want me to do it alright I
could probably do it just like this
nope okay well oh my gosh give me a high
five or boy I guess you gave me a high
five we missed our duty on I'm going to
do one more here and then we're going to
go do one more each for the Bender's
okay well pop pop pop all right oh my
gosh actually you know what buddy I
could probably just set this right here
and it'll work so how was bad yeah I
like cars Arnie rules a big dragon Oh
Paul mu to success okay okay okay okay
yeah whipping a skateboard round next to
this radio yeah dude you don't have
shoes on I can hurt your little feet
right in right do you want to do the
honor of doing the ping-pong stair shot
into that all right here's your
ping-pong ball where's the pink one oh
it's in there so stand right here okay
you're going to drop it here until
looking to evening okay
ah do me I think these stairs like go in
that was super good whoa that today I
take you that long at all that's five
again that's to high fives
okay finale I'm gonna top this off this
little post on a handrail and in this to
this and it might give you a little very
long time she's not gonna take a hundred
eighty so I'm gonna I'm not going to do
this video for more than today oh my
gosh she's going for it
oh you gotta be kidding me
it hit the rim oh my god oh my gosh
that's it forever
that's you forever end hey yeah and I
said Alex good here's a ring for put it
in perspective I bounced off this down
to the cup aha okay it was the hardest
thing in the world
oh my gosh that last one took so long
thank you to this little guy because his
didn't take that long and dad's took a
chunk of time so you were very patient
and we did some very fun trick shots a
high five on that I hope you guys liked
it if you want to see more videos for me
I do videos all the time I often do
videos with this guy
but we actually have a channel right
what is it called mercury can wears a
lot of fun we just played a toy so
that's nothing something you're into
it's down in the info in at the end of
this video but yeah that was fun right
I like the I like the ones that we
banked off the best what was your
favorite trick shot and I want that hit
the thing of in the board and then in
yeah that was given and I wasn't like it
came right then that was like that was
my favorite part easily because it was
so surprising and we didn't know what's
going to happen so if you want to see
more videos for me just hit the
subscribe button is right down there you
just got to hit it in your signup to see
more videos
but either way you guys have a great day
and we're gonna eat some Mexican food
aren't we mmm yeah it's gonna be good
possibly I love it good good
you are totally my son you're a regular
it's a good case dear it's got cheese
inside yeah thank you guys for hanging
out we'll see you at tomorrow
hey Bobby tomorrow too we're gonna see
me right now because we're hanging out
Juan and I'll take all y'all
then generic stuff actually pressure God
liked one of my photos oh you sound very
excited
you
