what is up guys I'm doing a video for
those of you who want to start
skateboarding there's five things you
need to start skateboard now clearly all
you need is yourself and a skateboard
when it comes down to it but the other
four things I'm going to go over are
very helpful and to make your life a
little easier fit whatever skateboards
you have to choose from
first thing is first like I said you're
going to need to complete skateboards
now I have a whole video going on about
this ok so I'm not going to go into
detail about how to pick your board and
your truck and your wheels if you want
to find out about that there'll be a
link at the end of this video but the
main point is go to your local skate
shop keep your skateboarding scene
together if you walk in the clear oh
it's not really a skateboarding
operation that just sells skateboards
that's not really what I'm talking about
it and what I mean is that if you have a
skate shop in your town that contributes
to the community and as skates
themselves and all that please support
them that is the very first and foremost
thing when you're buying skate Goods if
you don't and you're forced to live in a
place that doesn't have a skate shop go
online and there's some online skate
shops that actually are run by
skateboarders you can do a little bit of
research but mainly give back to actual
skateboarding at some point now that now
that I'm done with that I'm going to get
to the other parts shoes shoes the
second thing that I'm saying that you
should eat you can skate whatever random
shoes you have on
but these but this shoe is made for
skateboarding and it's built away
tougher than any random sure you're
going to get huge carnal or wherever you
buy your shoes I personally love sole
tech I know there's skater
owned-and-operated all the dudes involve
your awesome
so I'm skate I skate 4s thank you I back
America of course as well but there's a
lot of great shoes out there and if you
want to know more about how to pick out
a shoe ask the person that's brought in
running the skate shop if they can't
tell you that they shouldn't work at a
skate shop but uh
skate shoe is really important to have
so make sure you put this on your list
if you have a skateboard you want start
skating of course just start doing it
but make sure you're going to at least
get some type of shoe to skate in in the
near future the third item a skate tool
skateboards screw up okay sometimes your
kingpin your trucks will get looser or
your
hardware need to be tightened up this
skates will will set everything on your
skateboard it's something that you just
buy once and you can use for the forever
for years until you lose it which will
happen but they're not that expensive
this is what is this this was 18 bucks
it's really heavy-duty and it's awesome
go to your skate shop if your schedule
doesn't have it that's weird and make
them order it but it's such a handy
thing to have every skateboarder to have
this so every time you go this cages
have your backpack or whatever throw it
in there and everyone else that forgets
theirs don't want to use it so make sure
you have one it's just really handy so
it's a little gray or whether you need
to start skateboarding but having it at
the get-go is pretty important I highly
suggest you pick up one but if you want
to skip this go for it I don't care raid
your garage and grab all your dad's
tools you can be bummed but at least
you'll be able to fix your skateboard
hey Travis from Metallica see could I
get a skate skate video down here oh oh
you guys haven't seen my brother Timmy
from Arkansas in a while
no we haven't because every time I do a
video like visit you I'm not going to be
I would like that skate video this right
here a skate video now you don't
actually have to purchase Gavin although
if you do you can buy a local one that
supports skateboarding like I said
watching skateboarding while you're
starting to learn tricks is very helpful
like you got to start to see like how
people's body moves which sounds weird
but you start to like really like get
that the gist of like what movements
will help you do what tricks and even if
you're not like watching how-to videos
watching skating really helps and it
also gets you super motivated so you
just watch skate videos like 20 minutes
before you go out to skateboard and then
you're really pumped to go out there
learning new tricks so I highly suggest
picking up skate video actually getting
one and take it home and putting it in
your your blu-ray player DVD player your
ps4 whatever and watching it on your TV
is the proper way to do it soon your
couch and just focus on the skate video
and it's an awesome experience that was
my ritual to go skateboard when I was
growing up every single day so it's a
really cool and whatever skateboard
video you're buying supports you know
the the filmmaker and the company and
it's just a good thing to do so a skate
video is a very helpful thing when
starting to skateboard is not an
absolute necessity but watching
skateboard in general that is number
four say about do it
so
soon you pick out good videos made and
film by good people yeah you uh didn't
you assemble the jewel cases for this
now the last part is that you need a
spot to skate okay this is the hardest
part for someone because so many people
in random parts where they don't have a
skatepark or you know the parking lot
the local school you always get kicked
out of so I'm really saying find a spot
to skate find a spot that you can just
knew you're not gonna get kicked out of
whether that's a local church whether
that's a local school that everyone's
okay with you skating there or even a
patch of concrete your driveway like
find a place because you're going to
need to practice and you're going to
need to be at a place where you're not
going to kick out of or II asked you to
leave because people sometimes are very
very touchy about skateboarders point
this is a fantastic time to say this
because right now it's raining see it's
wet it's wet outside so I'm going to
skateboard right here in this skate shop
you have a skateboard now if you get
much at night no my suggest is where
you're trying to find a spot to skate is
really go out and explore okay you never
know if what like random parking lot
you're going to find the perfect skate
spot that's out of the way that's not
bugging people so I really do suggest
just exploring if you if you're able to
drive get in your car go to a different
part of town you've never been to and
just look around it's the best it's fun
as far as skateboarding
normal skate shops you really can't just
start moving stuff around and have boxes
in them but I'm lucky enough to be a one
that we can let there be box
oh my immediately hi
so there you guys go that was done
doodle few tricks here and I fun if
you've seen any of my like beginning
skin videos where like I tell you things
you should have this might seem a little
repetitious I haven't done this video
specifically but I really really really
like making videos that could
potentially get people into
skateboarding and bring more people to
see how awesome skateboarding is that's
why I keep doing these don't worry I do
a lot of fun content for everyone else
that's already in the skateboarding
world so you'll see a different video
tomorrow I'm sure if you want to see
more videos for me to subscribe button
down below it just you just click it in
your signup to see more videos and it
also like to thank concrete city skate
shop here in Mount Washington of the
Cincinnati Ohio area for letting me
skate in their skate shop and let's do
videos here so those of you who do not
have a local shop nearby that you can't
just go and buy I do have an online
teacher myself too straight course comm
to get all your skateboarding stuff but
support your shop is the important part
by all this either way if your thing
about starting skateboarding do it and
have fun with it and I'm out thanks let
me tell you thanks I'm gonna buy coffee
because he was pardoning was weird
my skateboards in there I actually have
to go back in
baby goodbye
he's more excited for me yeah she really
was well maybe it was just a baby Nadia
to us oh wow oh yeah that's gentleman
decorating idea is I turn oh my gosh no
