we got the thumbnails happening here
okay suck it a million views Casey
it might I mean you don't know it might
be cool what is up guys today is one
another crappy rainy day in Cincinnati
yo it's been the worst year in
Cincinnati for whether it's been
terrible if like Cincinnati weather was
a friend on Facebook I would defriended
immediately I was walking by with law I
would like to find him out I'm not even
big into violence but I would actually
like I'd want to trip him or something
you know but I'm trying my dream trick
today I'm trying a three flipped our
clip I came very close recently and I
want today to be the day to do it I got
to sign this I'm gonna sign this oh my
gosh these stickers are amazing right
dude
I should not be spoiling this early but
look how good this is
climatic I'm gonna put this on you on me
yeah sticker smile oh well my necks
gonna smash you with it yeah just like a
sledgehammer you into you look you would
do I like you I like you existing so
thank you it would kill you if I take a
sledgehammer to you I mean it could cut
it couldn't look huh let's get this
video going I'm going to go over to
shred quarters I'm going to do a few
flip tricks probably off Cameron I'm
going to get to trying this threefold
our clip believe it or not it's super
hard and here's how to open a door with
a mop didn't work gosh oh did it totally
did it and now the door took them up
from me
oh yeah the boxes on the mini ramp
because Lance is a psycho gosh you guys
miss Blair last week's where else
Wednesday watch it with my legend Casey
what should I warm up with spent man had
like a tail slide three flips sex change
I got it wow dude so so that's probably
the best thing I've ever done it's not
fake yeah I agree
try outdoor I'll read your dark side to
second warm up and I've got hot rises
I'm not getting stuck on this on this
really good I'm going to keep my five
tries I could I could have done that's
what I wanted I want to feel that one
touch my face yeah that was a slam
those are close I did not kick it hard
enough at the end I don't care if my
feet are in the middle of the board
it'll look stupid I landed the worst so
I failed at it I'm going to keep
battling this trick so I probably won't
do another video featuring a session
I'll probably just wait to the landing
but wish me luck I don't have time to
skate it's terrible like this is the
time of it I got to go from stone with
bright names which I want to help them
out so that's not an inconvenience or
anything I'm gonna make this video fun
for you guys I'm gonna enjoy because I
love doing all this stuff I just really
wish I had a second that I could have
just film a whole video me trying this
trick you know until I landed it but
life will get easier here after take
over the world drops knows for sure hey
Alex you take you think you guys
fulfillment I'm going to go try not to
sweat because I got to be on camera in
about 15 minutes oh it just approved you
guys that I have stuck the street before
here's a clip of me almost landing is
from like a year and a half ago when I
was trying to save it because I won't do
it on a street for my video part but
there you go here's me sticking
oh hey let's see how the weather is
maybe changed Oh nope still ready oh
this is really get your next in my life
this is the bad thing while tell me I
see a video right before you coming on
skateboarding we do because you look
like a crazy person so or doing some
crazy hot beef jerky taste it you know
Brian's channel which I'll put the
Billington channel down there if you
want to check it out ghost pepper beef
jerky that's going to suck
scorpion beef jerky that's gonna suck
probably double habanero beef jerky what
was one not enough I think Carolina
Reaper which is going to be terrible it
consumed me dude I had some habanero
beef jerky and it was like the most
uncomfortable thing I've ever eaten like
hot salsa hot everything is way better
than hot featured even good dude you're
gonna get my shirt points in it to be
bad oh yeah that's why we got some heat
going on oh it's like on the back of my
tongue the back of my throat building
yeah Carolina Reaper it's really hot we
should have went to eat them eat them
even slower dismounts like increments of
this got that woo alright so that sucked
it was a little easier than I thought it
was going to be but he's definitely
worth checking out I went through some
misery there for a second so the link to
Brian aim is channel is right down below
check that out this video already went
the video we filmed for him like they
went up earlier in the week so you can
you can check that out right now
Gould high office gabab Ryan is we
totally have a guest here in town this
week and it's chris mcnugget I haven't
hung out with this dude in like five
years it's so so good skating I actually
have to leave but I'm gonna tell them
for a few tricks there is chris mcnugget
we were just at high off camera so we
hug it was awesome button hate something
I was well yeah I was like crying
sweating
it was terrible uh 3jt nutritious for me
but you got really important every trick
involved three safety okay I'm gonna
follow through sick okay yes oh my gosh
what what was that he just did both
what
so you invented it now I've never I've
never seen before
I've never seen you do it either I've
never seen anyone do it sorry
imagination to reality as it that's what
skateboarders are as the cheetah thing
I'll say today yeah you would
immediately just stretch there yeah he
didn't invent it today though right I
did not even that today still in my head
I'd like to think that I witnessed
inventing a scam printer first time down
here yeah first time a desk one more
it's your enter for this video so what
the other should've been my hundred do a
hardflip back knows one not like looking
all right or something you want to do
oh my gosh oh again - that was so
good didn't think so I this guy was in
the warehouse Wednesday earlier this
week you're going to want to know next
week it's next week sorry I'm just
following you you know what tomorrow you
down for that yeah okay so tune in next
week for where else Wednesday but I'll
put his channel down there to also go
subscribe
I gotta go just I just hanging up yeah
I'll see your face Casey I'm gonna go
bye thanks you're filming earlier fly
again trying to you yeah you got me bye
and I'm home I got this guy right here
are you happy to be home
what would you rather be at school
perfect really
you will not say that later on in life
Farah all right hey I'm QB it to it
let's go back to this clip when you're
sixteen all right okay when you're
sixteen if you can still say that about
you a pokemon card pack you probably
won't want them no okay it's but it's
disgusting outside and we're going to
fill with turbo toy time video but I'm
going to wrap this video up but I'll be
back tomorrow with a new one and then of
course I'm doing many more videos if you
guys want to see more videos for me just
hit the subscribe button down there and
especially with some nicer weather I'm
going to get into some adventures and I
always do videos with this guy and I'm
gonna hopefully gonna lay in that Trix
otter hey hey there peace out hey yeah
goodbye
yeah I love you I love you can I love
human I love you human I love your human
I love your human hi guys
d kappa that Momo's laptop case yeah
yeah my throw there there you go and you
got it anyway
