whatever all he's doing here I just
looked it up there are you taking to
school you just leaving him here mm-hmm
can I see some air guitar way that air
guitar you okay ook at the neck of the
guitar oh hey man I've got what you
wanted I've got your stuff thank you
look I got the special drug guy time for
you yeah oh yeah here you can like the
1990 con yeah get what market that
uh-huh
full battery right there maybe I don't
know they're they're new though so well
thank you you asked for batteries you
receive good work Ryan thank you you too
you wouldn't that's something you would
like there's these big blocky yellow
shoes
Gary off camera I just broke my foot on
that and then try to grab that to
stabilize itself in court just all
now it's more stuff right yeah
hahahaha that would have been amazing my
voice sounded so dumb there oh you got
it down
dude please let it one foot it
oh you nail - dude get out of the frame
ha first I heard it for a second I
thought you're doing it I was that's
right
oh and sister cousin awesome deal
when there's that Muzzin this guy buzz
first trouble do it singing we'll have
your home pretty soon okay Bob oh my
gosh kicking a ball never feels gets old
house a good one kick it back to me want
you to hit the camera all it's gonna
happen it is not going to happen all
right it's place that time and I'm not
filming there because there's a bunch of
other kids on it and I'm not gonna put a
bunch of kids I don't know on blast
okay fine y'all means K to do little
baby Lee trick you have to be a very
stressed that hat that should be the
baby leaf trick right because you that's
your like your trick we barely held on
to that one didn't you what you did it
oh maybe I should hide now all right
what are you going to do ah-ha let's see
it nope Oh
took a spill I'll call the attendant too
much didn't you do it oh you got dad
just like you're doing the carpet board
well that was a little late jump do it
quick a little quicker okay you need to
go to an off camera so great and you
just threw it and jumped and then it
flipped and landed on all right well
good done I'm glad you landed that acid
drop again because you were scared of it
yesterday
you know really good oh yeah got a
Tuscan Raider camp no that's it
I bet Anika
hey I need em Spearman insanely good
band if you haven't heard of list kid
YouTube them right now and enjoy your
night
it's like horror rocks like we were
listening to the misfits oh this is like
it's up that alley but it's a sound of
its own it's awesome check it out
alright love letting hard drive loaded
onto the computer oh my gosh hard drives
pop up on the screen 2017 this would be
faster and what wow that just happened
I'm not trapped wha your blanket is gone
YouTube what is up guys so yeah that was
just a bunch of clips I've had these
clips sitting in the folder and I was
like I gotta do something with them so
typically what I do a day in life I
always do a little scrap video like this
which just shows you an odd amount of
things that I did not end up using in
the video so that explains that
randomness I hope you guys enjoyed if
you want to see the whole day and the
life I'll link it at the end of this
which will make all of these clips make
way more sense and it was a fun day so I
urge you to check it out either way I
have some couple videos coming this
weekend and then I have a lot of Awesome
videos lined up for next week so tune in
doing videos or live streams every
single day so hit that subscribe button
right down there
you just got to hit it and your son to
see more videos and that's it I like
super it's like 8 o'clock in the morning
which I'm usually not filming but maybe
my face just looks weird what why do I
got to make any excuse maybe but maybe I
just look weird ok here I got a ping
pong ping pong thing okay all right
first try nope just dude but take a big
bite take a big bite you don't know that
was a big bite when you grow up
you a big boy boy you know what we're
just calling it I'm backing away from
this video dad stop
every time
Oh
