hmmm YouTube what's up guys welcome to a
YouTube video I am momentarily about to
go home and challenge my wife to a
carpet boarding trick so that'll be
entertaining but first I got to pick a
skateboard out because I'm doing a setup
video tomorrow and the new revive gear
came out the new spring revive cure came
out today as you watch this actually
it's on the strike force calm which is
this place it's my online skate shop and
there's like the best day ever our new
where is it oh it's over it's like
hidden yeah it's right there hidden
meaning on a shelf that it belongs to
we need an eighthinch well here we go
look at that Earl dude
Earl look at this look at it dude you
see this hey how do you feel oh wow ok
what's up bud you want to talk about it
come here what's wrong
did you get a name he must've got in
trouble or something ok cool yeah you're
standing on me now are you are we all
right this is a great talk Earl
ok alright alright yeah I love you too
and you got to stay here oh my gosh ok
so before I started doing this video I
filmed the where else Wednesday and I
fell pretty hard twice
and my shoulder is like cramping up and
I can't use my arm this sucks
let's go home and make my wife carbon
borscht my arm is about to fall off hit
by truck great
hi I'm not gonna be able use this much
time I get home I really hope I can
skateboard tomorrow is that it done
there's a guy the woods in the woods for
crackers named oyster crackers come home
you have to you have to do things like
that to keep yourself young you know act
like you're 12 years old
that's fun my arms starting to work a
little bit but look at this can you guys
see this there there's a better angle of
it I wore shorts and just to show you
guys this dude it's weird and I got a
hip bruise to like a knee coming out of
here I got the crap kicked out of you
and I filmed that where I was Wednesday
at least I landed a couple tricks toast
I'm gonna make your mom a do a cardboard
trick though you look like you're in
trouble you're not in trouble dude hey
you're getting trouble you're a dog or a
dog did you write that yeah who did this
oh yeah it says by ridin in Katherine no
I didn't even know you made that ridin
has decided he want to be an author when
he grows up
right which is awesome I totally proved
that give me hug wow that was a really
quick run on the author part wasn't why
are you biting PJ's right now doing I
gotta take off my I'm shooting sock and
I gotta have a blanket without the
sidekick today that's awesome dude are
you here to see your mom try to land a
big spin or hard work what it means you
don't and it yeah you don't think so
look you just talked trash and she's
handing you food what do you say okay
yeah oh it was dropped it on the dog the
lowlife board okay cool are you ready
for this toast you just Amelie start
shaking your butt okay you are in so
much light over here what are you doing
like the worst okay beep I I'm actually
been hanging out with you like an hour
now our child is skating on your chair
off the chair
at least use your feet is this good for
the chair oh geez
okay I think you're done coloring oh
okay no she means keep going
one more try mom did you when you when
you get to the ground just lean gleen on
that end okay what you're about to fall
you did it well you fell off but you get
you one more try baby
I'm gonna show you well actually first
let's do your shove it and three she'll
read you remember he doubted you and
then you end it yeah okay so this is
gonna help
it's probably gonna freak out when you
start carpet boarding Oh you overdid it
she almost did it first try bangarang if
you do it before five five you get it
out hold up a yeah okay now free shovel
good job babe it's weird giving you the
rock three chef oh my gosh we're almost
first try Oh almost that was solid
though
almost there what are those guys doing
oh oh they're watching their the
spectator in silver dollar he's trying
to like sidetrack that doesn't have a
dollar including right all right let's
go all right get ready to cheer Oh mom
tried to totally look like me today look
at her is that red or pink oh thank you
that is the reddish shirt in whole world
look no it's not like the world right
now is telling you it is not pink all
right we'll take that no good I mean
it's all right just warm up you don't
land this I won't be surprised this is
way harder than the last two tricks you
did okay
it's a backside big spin it's a three
show but you're gonna want any of your
box oh but you can use your momentum to
actually turn the board just like that
do what what did I do
if you don't land I will not be
surprised try it oh that was a good turn
that was it I just mean it I'm getting
really tight your hair is so like
platinum that it's just like blends in
with all the life oh my gosh just get on
it that's great
and then riding blazed down oh if you
would have just gotten that leg I didn't
well that was it that was like the right
movement banana break okay when I get
excited when you're doing it I just did
going to like I like oh yeah rapid fire
noise oh my gosh you're gonna do this
okay you technically kind of did it
we'll take that oh so you want to smooth
it up okay banana dude I like that I
liked it
you're very nice to me no I mean it's
fine for your first one okay
that was better your smile on your face
there you go come on I see you got a
rock for the first trick you got a high
five now you kiss mm-hmm
look at look at our kid he's literally
going to throw that away we're raising
him okay you want try kickflip it's hard
for one it's difficult it's a difficult
trick like it Holly
except you're gonna when you kick down
really hard that way with your toes like
that toward the back other side yeah you
don't spin it all yet you just tap your
tail and kick down and jump that was
adorable like I failed though you did a
big spin you're good to go to work
tomorrow and all the other doctors have
not done a big spin okay I'm very very
pretty
oh yeah you're off okay well no one in
the house has done a big spin
it'll be just you all right oh dude hey
mom did soup super good she did super
good Dungy yeah yeah there she is so it
is a beautiful day outside it's a crime
that I cannot go out in skateboard we've
got to I know it's such a beautiful day
we got to go to karate for this guy
we're gonna make dinner we gotta go to
Target we got to a million things but
tomorrow is a beautiful day and I get to
go outside and skateboard so I'm happy
to make this video a little longer
feature some og footage from when I was
growing up it's a bunch of just high
jinks it'll be funny it's probably in
it's it's in a video like way earlier on
my channel but you probably haven't seen
it watch this and enjoy
Oh
there you go
yes I've pretty much been doing the same
exact thing my entire life I mean I had
a blast growing up I'm having a blast
right now of so I want to say thank you
guys to watching my videos where I can
just have so much fun and just enjoying
life in general
so I hope you guys like this video props
to my wife who is willing to decart
board every now and then and for landing
a big spin she's a natural like
literally the first time she ever skated
she did like a little Ollie and then she
did a bigger one like a few weeks later
and then she did a shove it and then she
got pregnant and then she was not
skating anymore but she's picked it up
since then and yeah we're gonna have a
good family night you guys have a great
day thank you for watching and like I
said the beginning this video the spring
line of her vibe just came out on the
strike crows are calm so of you do not
have a skateboard or you need a new one
it's on the line right now the new gear
there's tons of really cool decks I will
link to where else Wednesday you can
check out all the product if you want to
see that that's it if you want see more
from me hit the subscribe button right
below the video you're Simon Seymour
I'll see you guys tomorrow
Ryden Bobby that didn't work
