it takes a second we are live we're
officially live oh so how do you do hi
okay so uh yeah so we're gonna wait a
second for people to get in the room or
if this is even called a room uh and
we're gonna answer them I'm going to
answer questions you're just kind of
here you just got a haircut today Oh
see people are saying what's up um what
is up to everyone getting in here
dizzy fizzy tea ro3 a deleted account
bored of YouTube little phase rug all
these people what's up guys wow there's
a lot of people getting in here so
alright a little bit about this video
I've been doing live streams which makes
my workload very easier and I did ask
for some questions on Facebook and I
selected some of them and I'm going to
answer them I'm gonna go I haven't done
a Q&A on Facebook in a long time so I
thought it'd be a good spot to do it at
but and then I'll answer some of your
questions actually in the comments so
bear with me if I don't look up and miss
your comments at the end I'll talk to
you guys and then of course I respond to
all super chats and whatnot but let's
get going let's get on this okay uh Emma
Rourke says what are your dreams goals
for the growth of your company like
would you ever set another shred
quarters up elsewhere in the US or even
the world or is their product ventures
you would love to get into it I don't
know I don't really I don't really
thought too far ahead when it comes to
revive because so much is happening I
just think I know I'm doing another
video it's a specific a trilogy so
they'll be let's get dieting of the
world and then the next one um in a few
years so uh-huh I'm made of stuff
Franken hold on you can tell listen I
will ask you about school and just hey
we're live though okay so we can't just
like I can't cut this up later on um but
so I know I wouldn't do the three videos
and I would love to start doing more
worldwide tours and start visiting
companies so that's pretty much where
I'd like to go with with revive let's
keep on going Sam Freeman says do you
ever think your company would reach so
many people from around the world
writing from New Zealand do you ever
have any plans to come skate trip to New
Zealand or Australia I would love to go
to Australia or New Zealand either of
those places would be awesome or both
and then I didn't I don't I still don't
think about everything that I do
reaching as many people's do because I
actually like look at my numbers on
YouTube and I'm like whoa like this many
people watch me it's it's crazy it's
it's really weird but I'm glad I don't
actually think that way because then I
might act if I started to think like a
lot of people watch me or this is big I
feel like it might affect what I'm doing
and I just want to keep it natural so I
don't put too much thought into it um so
I'm trying to come like respond
something Alex when the Shred quarters
bind and that I don't even know what
you're saying there
hope glad your little one likes to watch
us say thanks to hope and and the herbs
child okay no I know it's different live
Parker says any chance of making strike
back podcast more than once a week I
know you're super busy but for my reason
but they're my reason for living Wow
thank you that's awesome to hear that
someone likes the podcast because I
never get to see like I don't often get
to see feedback on that so uh that right
now no but we do we did talk about
making a video version of it what should
be on my channel and then also I may be
like building a youtube channel around
that idea where we do a lot of like
nerdy tech videos like entertainment was
right near are you going during why
you're even here
I like having here though yeah you got a
haircut today look at this and he ripped
his hair out cuz he got gluing it at
school putty and it like hasn't even
grown back all the way it's like
starting to he's crazy so he's got a
really short haircut alright next
question
me on chaos says is revive or force
planning any trips outside the US and we
talked about doing Switzerland which
would happen it later in the fall if we
can make it happen if not early next
year for sure I think that's the first
place we're gonna go is hang out with
Johnny okay go for do Bret Hubbard says
a little fun question here who was your
favorite Harry Potter character and what
death was the saddest to you um I would
say I would say my favorite from a
writing aspect Snape Snape is just
phenomenal um my wife is getting a call
Snape is just one of the best written
characters ever and then my favorite
character it'd be really tough I guess
right Dumbledore Dumbledore so awesome
and this phone call is not allowing me
to alright here we go alright onward
Caden Wilde says why why'd you turn down
the opportunity to make Star Wars born
so yeah we were talking to Disney about
making or Star Wars in general you're
about making to revive Star Wars decks
and we actually had the opportunity to
make that happen but I don't know it was
just the numbers in agreement it was it
would have been a risky move for us so
we decided not to like we really wanted
to just because this year like dream
come true aspect of it but no but we
have thought about maybe hitting up
other franchises for other like I would
love to do a Nintendo line you know like
I like Ninja Turtles or someone fun
so hopefully someone else in the future
but Star Wars is not happening just yet
but it was kind of cool that we have the
opportunity Felix pays you I'm sorry for
murder your last name what do you think
of Star Wars Expanded Universe and so
far they haven't screwed it up road one
was good for sway games was awesome
han Solo I'm very curious to see how it
comes out but so far so good they did
Disney's done amazing things with the
Marvel Cinematic Universe so hopefully
they'll Rock the Star Wars Aaron Taylor
says do you still believe the Ducks are
just chicken pond chickens which yes I
don't know I don't know if I ever I
truly believe that but that that's the
best name ever for a duck a pond chicken
my gosh okay um so Phil appearing says
which you rather win millions but never
be able to skate again no money is not
money is just money money's not real
it's nice to be able to comfortably like
support your life but when it comes down
to it like the things that actually make
you happy or alright sorry it like froze
for a second okay onward Jess
Laurie Laurie aha sorry bear with me
what other stuff do you do decide you do
aside from skateboarding fingerboard and
hang out with your son I'll get really
embarrassing here for a second
I um I collect like I always I started
skateboarding from playing like Star
Wars cards and stuff and then I Magic
the Gathering all that sort of stuff and
to this day like with I like getting it
some down times like unwind of them
night I like take all those old court
cards and sort them into sets so I've
been doing that lately but like Mario
Kart did you say video games yeah so
video games Mario Kart with the dudes
fun
I play call of duty sometimes I'm right
yeah I'm right when I can here's my
child and there's a Fresh Prince outfit
here going on some like 90s colors going
on um anything that's interesting you
know I watch movies and TV shows with
wife I have a lot of interests music I
like to write music you have Crocs right
you but you will not like those when
you're older I promise I love them well
that's good I'm glad you like him yet
Ninja Turtles own Christopher James
Christopher James Burleson says any tips
suggestions for beginners skateboards
and their mid-20s and I would just say
don't take it too seriously don't don't
like set goals that are too high just
have fun and set step by step goals like
learning how to push learning how to
turn around learning how to pop shuvit
ollie like work your way up and but just
have fun with it I mean like
skateboarding should not be taken that
seriously a lot of people like just like
put too much stress on themselves I
think and no matter what age you've got
a lizard hobby boo Lala what is more
important for your money success or
skateboarding I kind of answered that
the other question I mean money and
success enabled me to be able to skate
for a living so that's awesome but like
money isn't a real thing you know it
doesn't like you can't buy yourself
happiness I know a lot of people
probably think you can but in the end of
it you don't no one gets to the end of
their life who's like I had a lot of
money was awesome now you're gonna think
like the actual cool things that happen
in your life um Nathan Tyler Richardson
would you rather wear blue shirts for
life or have revived fail as a company
um so I would definitely wear the blue
shirts I'm the red shirt is like a
personal thing but the reason I do it
I've only told my wife why and then but
survive I'll tell you later in life okay
okay alright but the what um revive is a
much broader group of people I'll tell
you later in life okay let me answer
this um
but I don't if I failed it would affect
like all the people who worked red
quarters all the riders everything it
would just change things up so I would
take one for the team and I would start
wearing glaciers subasta Michi Lhasa
what was your favorite comic book
growing up and now I would say
spider-man and now is I really like the
like the Avengers miniseries like the
age of Ultron one was a really good set
and then um I started reading the the
what is it the um propyl no it's the the
gauntlet
you know the Infinity Gauntlet series
yes it's called I need a family so I
would say modern-day Avengers uh Nathan
Frampton can you say Nathan Franson we
think that Blaine I almost doubted what
was the first band they got you into
punk rock no effects I was like fourteen
I was like on the internet and I found
no effects and I was like these guys
rule so yeah that change changed my my
tears
dawn manly Schofield says favorite
cookie talboom and I'm gonna go with in
keeping secrets a solid earth it's
fantastic
Elijah Wong um Kingdom Hearts fan I
played one in two and I liked it a lot
when I played it I haven't really Oh
actually the chain of Memories I think
it's for Game Boy Advance was a super
good game so uh you're about to fall yes
in general but like all divs there's so
many games and I tried to play some
other ones I just didn't get into him
Damien via says any hate towards crasher
not at all I've actually they're about
to do it involve me in some interview
and they were it the whole process was
super nice or like we've done ads
through them and every time I've ever
talked to anyone actual from Thrasher
they've been super awesome so no faster
salsa man I grew up you know reading it
and that was it for the question so I'm
going to answer some questions for with
you guys and hang out let me see if
there's any there's been no super chance
so I don't got to cover that that's good
now no chats are coming up there we go
um do you plan on going vacation with
Rhydon asks muscat oh yeah
going in like a week and a half right on
the beach yes
uh hey say say what's up Zack Yeller
look right look right here dude back way
out there you go
um oh you see I gotta wash it with this
the screen it like it's about to fall
over um young lathe I love you okay
ridin can you give Dean Halle a shout
out speed he literally took that as
shouting it out that's amazing uh dizzy
fizzy what's your favorite gyro vibe Dec
what we actually are about to unveils
some new ones here in a couple weeks so
hang tight for that but right now I
would go with is it is that from lil
nemo finding little nemo um I would go
with Johnny's Jack because his red is
nice
um all right let's move on here oh my
gosh
I like pause the thing and it like just
updated real fast it ship me the face of
the turtle all right
Bret Hubbard why do you think of non
skateboarders wearing Thrasher clothes I
love it spread the word for the for the
company um yeah I think it's really
strange that all right tone down this
out of ice a little bit I can't hear
myself I think it's weird that
skateboarders cuz skateboarding were the
entire time I grew up skateboarding
it wasn't about like who was wearing
what that was very materialistic and
skateboarders were all worried about
like actually skating and enjoying
themselves so when I see like people
whining about other people that don't
skate wearing certain things I just it's
like well is this really what we're
worried about like money
all right yeah I'm trying to talk buddy
this is live you know right um so no I
don't care at all I could honestly just
I could not care less about what other
people wear to make themselves happy
fashion anything like I just wear what I
like and I roll with it and I'm happy
maybe that was too passionate of a thing
but it's just funny to me
um how to do things winter biotech Dex
coming out in the fall so that will
happen soon
AMG skateboarding wind I start
skateboarding when I was 14 it was a
very good decision sand Regas do you
like Green Day if so what are your
favorite songs and
yeah I like different phases of Green
Day um like the early stages of Dookie
and stuff and um even the American Idiot
that was good album but a lot of it like
you know I've been listening agreed a
since all like ten I guess they were
pretty they're kind of punk rock but
they're really mainstream to Morrow G or
G says what happened to John Hill and
Josh Katz nothing they still they still
hope that parts intake of the world and
I talked to them both within the last 24
hours
so they're doing good um a couple more
guys I've got to get rid him ready my
wife is graduating doing a graduating
grad school so she's about to literally
be dr. Schrock and we have a pre
graduation ceremony tonight
so exciting times dude that's get a snap
hit me right in the face or you don't do
it uh oh my gosh this chats so big
um ridin you want to answer a question
oh yeah okay uh what's your most fun
video we've ever made asks uh Louie
Blake or Louis Lewis Blake I don't know
the best video you've ever made
banane thoughtful like just the other
day or the first time you did it okay
he liked the beanbag jumping which was a
lot of fun father-son beanbag jumping uh
and me purple with him I mean the videos
with hammer the bass but outside of all
those of all the we are revenge's are
blaspheming and we're about to start
gearing up to make a lot more we are
Avengers so stay tuned he loves fidget
spinners just like everyone else in the
world
that's amazing you're keeping it on
there okay um I'm gonna do one more guys
uh except for this one this one's sort
MLG what size do I skate eight inch for
sure um have I met Sara I've met a Sarah
a snowy Ronnie hey I made ugly Sarah
yeah who's Aubrey Sarah back Wobblies
okay
um Zach Haskell says wind is the new
board line come out and that comes out
June 3rd with take over the world so uh
June 2nd we have a we have a event at a
very white boy down a little bit buddy
a June 2nd you can meet the entire
revived team and hang out with us at
Ollie's skate park we're gonna be
premiering take over the world
and then the next day or that night at
midnight when it switches over to June
3rd the new summer line comes out and
the take of the world video is uh is
available so that's what happens
I'm gonna go guys um thank you guys for
hanging out with me and oh here's Curtis
rack says curt chris roberts has invited
you on to the 9 club when you go in yeah
Kelly Hart was talking to me about that
before chris roberts said anything and I
just haven't been out to LA I haven't
really talked to those dudes in a second
so um maybe maybe this summer because I
like to do it be fun they all seem like
mellow cool dudes so yeah that's it
though I'm out of here tomorrow have a
fun little uh bonus clip video and then
this weekend I have some fun videos so
stay tuned next week I have a lot of fun
videos to end up um so tune in I
appreciate you guys watching you're the
best ride say goodbye to YouTube and get
the term get don't put the turn on your
mouth there you go alright later guys
all is the awkward time riding where
it's ending
