noise ever got annoyed suck warehouse
wise it
yes warehouse my let's go design the
whole entrance we need to use it where's
the next week it's fun when we mess
brian is yeah it is
like a dying old man of air horn this is
a bitches well Jimmy's here the crap is
special isn't it out of my ear hurts
when were you but here I do it
Lance is where my favorite skateboarder
yeah this week you're in a warm-up scoop
ever 5 drinks when they wrap and a
mystery challenge and then you're going
to have to build three unique obstacles
I haven't heard at all you can say in
the right in Rogers already for me five
one no tricks mystery challenge and then
you are you're a handy dandy
it feels crazy things okay not even
think about just goes crazy things three
skate obstacles you're a ten minutes of
skate timing between all these things in
you're going to do three tricks that are
an impressive once you're going to each
okay but it's got oh it's going a wild
Brian Ames in case I guess yeah are you
up for the challenge of you land that
you get some shoes yeah new shoes on it
get down go down I need em shoes hi
Alice
this is going to be great you're welcome
for this episode because anytime Lance
is skating it's entertaining I get wild
by the stuff that he just oh you're
you're hurts - that sucks
yeah you should tried being half deaf
like me enhancing don't hear it yeah
what is this like he's given up on life
job is a scared puppy here we are
so we will farm for um tricks Miller's
in the mini ramp the strip shred a tramp
yeah so like that
oh yeah we want to hear how loud it is
ii feel like someone someone's like gym
shoes on the gym floor like a big game
of basketball you said your five tricks
yeah but if you like you like a rock to
fakie we're going to we're going to say
that does not kill oh my god oh all your
baby doesn't in a line you get five
extra bucks going that yeah of course
that's discounts this is crazy person
yeah he's a liar do the fire he's now
all right so that was a query form he's
warm that's the point mr. challenging
this is so just go anywhere it works
though you gotta kick that ball off that
wall into here you've been on the ground
you can toss it up as a matter harder
than you think this is way harder you
only have five minutes to do it if he
does the first try to be great oh my
gosh no no no rules oh oh yeah you
didn't do it
oh yeah it's weird tricks time it cool
okay to do it you got and you had your
three different weird obstacles
Tennessee this is the first obstacle
yeah
are you doing a wall at a rail or what
you do he does anything in like a crazy
pole Jam Wow all right so uh I'm gonna
be honest with you this is not normal
I'm impressed
yeah Turk - all right you don't have to
do it so you do it you know roll into it
this rim ya know kind of like looking at
it I would drop into it that's it
Lance are you ready yeah Dave Canada
ten minutes okay go
this is gonna be a very short a
ten-second challenge oh yeah I got the
five inch left hook are you impressed
I'm impressed retake your ear press one
trick down oh my gosh do you want a new
skateboarding no that went that went
down okay that's all cool at this nice
long letter snapped my tail you still
roll away not every day you just break
your board at a skate shop
all right well yeah you killed that good
job you succeeded
two more tricks two more things though
small seconds to do that he also did a
bonus for haneda bonus trick and put the
new board together and it all in full
sight and then you landed the trick that
you booked world first try this is not
that's going to hold you're good on that
would you like your skateboard oh my
gosh okay how are you Oh life are all I
don't die don't you just get it over
with this is terrifying
we like this way but it is good it's
like I held it in place for the most
part ridges Java my shoulder like I you
feel fill out well because it goes this
way and I was like pushing back so I
push that block I guess or you did I
don't know what happened
I'm none for us three additional here's
my bigger pronounce it
alright you so one more trick to deal
yeah after doing the death drop in okay
so wait you want to go up this one on
the wall and come back down this one
that's not all right
just terrifying so you're back wow
that's amazing my gosh this is insane
and incredible Chris isn't he's
literally up there writing on the wall
this is leave me crap overdrawn at
school you know like drawn triangles
kind of looks like a skanks tough spot
now these actually trying to tell me how
much times gap well I started it
technically at 3 minutes 33 seconds oh
my gosh
yeah
wow you're really looking at the ceiling
here my life he just lays this manual
here dude you just totally earned those
shoes I was amazing
Brian good over you I like how we're all
here except the guy that - eating the
shoes that's what are you getting beef
or two before they sell flips it's now
pretty mid top we have a lot of those
yeah oh cool why don't you know murder
yeah dude you killed it thank you thank
you yeah okay yes for watching thank
this dude for absolutely killing it is
always a very Energy's it gets a real
one person demo in real life high also
has an elbow which I just hit but I do
videos here all the time so here's the
subscribe button right down there you
just show his describe your style to see
more videos and that's it I'll see you
guys tomorrow
that was a fun one it was a good one
yeah he's insane yeah yeah yeah yeah
don't and don't
