you did a 90 shuvit that was it that
much power all your strength okay
really whip it hmm it almost did it oh
it was good really use your foot and
send it backwards you got it there whew
that was it dude
power power what okay hey your mom call
the second you landed your first shove
it
you've been trying it for awhile you got
whoo you got it you can do it again hold
on take that was good do it oh oh you
almost did it you got it dude do it oh
my gosh Hale and really give it a good
go oh no you only did it 90 doesn't make
you good at it you got practice them put
your front you just didn't notice that
you did it again
you're casually talking yeah the first
one was better but that was that was it
will take it your first pop shuvit
I'm gonna drinks your your kylo Ren
water for a celebratory drink there you
go hey hey hey I love you that's a good
one
oh you fell asleep time to wake up right
is the stock now it's a lot bigger than
I meant to be it would skate on nobody
nobody would ever scales what kind of a
friend just sit there while this is
going on poor dude oh man I had one too
many slices of pizza the hardest name
the world not be able to help
saw darkness yeah I know I was just
hoping you wouldn't see this let's go
hey ridin you want to try to put my book
bag on it has every on my camera gear
and my laptop
come on walk right oh my gosh dude
you're gonna walk forward you know walk
forward don't let it fall onto you oh my
god
jeez right in I've been the last a
second oh you think you're slick really
wrestling a book bang Holly
is that fun Wow
gosh I wish I was five years old that
looks like thing where you jumping and I
flip you oh no no I'm not here let's get
somewhere safer do it over there
we already did dad all right
father-son flip beanbag I don't know I'm
sorry did you use your flipper yourself
do it sort of a somersault I still have
to start yeah jump and do it okay and
just tuck yeah
oh my gosh dude that was good just do it
okay just really spin okay that was not
it at all all right kind of he's more
like you went on your head in this role
dude are you a camp there
Lucas face-first
alright we really should not be up on
that this is the last time oh my gosh I
love you I'm up there uh no ah committed
alright you're crazy guy hey don't you
ever get on that without me here okay
and I should be holding you alright you
daredevil you're a daredevil oh yeah
yeah you're a good a dignity you're a
getting tickled dude there you guys go
that was a lot of random clips from my
cell phone but most importantly this guy
did his first pop shuvit on a carbon
board you've been trying for that for a
second haven't you well you did good
buddy give me a hug I'm proud he's done
it a bunch of times since then too so I
think he's got the hang of it but I hope
you guys like that i dude usually I do
more constructed organized videos and
just randomness and then this but yeah
that's what we're rolling with this week
I do videos and pretty much every day
every single day and I always do videos
with this guy so like I said earlier if
you want to see more videos from me just
hit the subscribe button right down
there and your sign them to see more
videos and hopefully we'll see more cars
boarding from this guy because he's been
rockin lately he did a hardflip well he
didn't say my render Wow don't say bye
ridin Wow see if I write in funny oh wow
oh gosh a cruise welcome friends
hi pros hop oh oh oh
where this guy did his first shuttle
apart oh my god talk I can't talk you
get it bloopers with me man you know I'm
saying here I think I just talk like a
baby haha
yeah sounds like that nah that's cool
dude haha alright
straight up that's hard to get my phase
like that
