you quite possibly could be life what
does it say you're on is the thing we
happen to yours I think so you were live
with crap right now hey how's it going
what's up guys
um I'm gonna give you guys a couple
seconds to get into this livestream or
not but yeah for this are you back it up
is it about that far away yeah you came
okay you guys are going to pick my
computer I'm going to put new board and
new wheels on and really I don't need
any new wheels but I'm putting you on so
you guys can pick one more thing and
I'll save the wheels to continue
skinnier give to somebody but I recently
gave my skateboard to so many of the
skatepark they wanted it and I was like
had it at least the deck part and then
um another needed it didn't even ask for
it they had a bad deck and I was like
hey buddy let me give you this so you
guys can do it with me how many were in
here 316 they all say and they all say
hi every single want to sit hi what is
up guys so Brian's been talking to you
why we do this so let's get going I'll
show I'm gonna show you a few the decks
that I want to skate Wow or more of
these on the way a few Wow just a few
okay so yeah there's of course the Brian
in here deck I wouldn't mind skating
this I should say Brian Eames deck
because it's Ivan what's up dude
it's a villain deck and it was my
hospital thing as Brian's promo it's not
varnish chrome over
now we also my skate 8.0 so our la
persons are limited to that I can skate
a perfect day I loved the burger deck
right here
load of these these these those rates
yeah eights and I shop skated this right
now so let's not put that in there
what's up with that makes there's the
classic one I don't see this
this is always a safe bet is through the
og red lifeline a lot of people turn
beard the beard once logged a taco beard
time let's go to the taco reveals oh the
King says that one that was just as that
one yeah try to keep try to listen to
what I'm saying so you guys know what to
comment when I'm done giving you some
options and then we got the taco
I'll come out of the light so a lot of
you are saying taka before even got the
taco really yeah I love this board I
mean this is like pretty much the only
we should make different color color
variations this day like a purple
background bin blue background true is
just ideas so you just know where else
Wednesday that was phenomenal have lance
glances over there you got best tricks
has ever been done in Shrek whores went
down insane yeah super good right oh
yeah one more in the mix this is though
the whites yeah white and red sketch
okay so this Johnny Cerberus deck on the
taco deck the og red lifeline the burger
deck or the beard deck list it go heavy
will go crazy people all right talk
tacos willing at the moment no
complaints never I had a talk of Russia
everybody's going out a little bit beard
taco taco
Michael Camacho your amazing dude
Michael macho taco taco my macho one has
a great name too is a great guy some red
lifelines it dudes all tacos el taco
salt side Skippy taco
alright we'll call it unless invite
drastically changes alright last chance
people what I'm on people given like
give me another 30 seconds it's between
like it's an outie it's all taco taco
for days oh yeah oh yeah taco oh yeah
we're gonna set this here how we're
gonna grab some wheels okay no water it
passed me okay hey
watch this is a regal thing you doing
something on the other side this has
been like I didn't do it
I'm get more shot that was embarrassing
why is it been in a bunch of videos I
mean this happened here look I'll go to
the other side and you'll just it'll
just go out gone it just it just like
shot out it should be punched the heart
of my heart I started sorry figured out
my my rotator cuff that's wrong on the
arm and I've gotta like you know it was
good put like this and then Ryan
chambers has an easy good box all right
the board the board has been picked
people the poor's would pick all right
so pretty - there's some Johnny board so
you can't see these as well
oh you can see I'm fine Johnny board
wheels these are red with like scribbles
as if you're in school board that's why
it's called board I'm limited to fit me
- you know what here's here's a another
Johnny honor skater these are Johnny
racoon deck and Signac it's wheel what
chariot raccoon wheel yeah Johnny
raccoon wheel it has a little like trash
can with some eyes that's a cool one um
a lot of people going for Johnny for
Jason Park borange jugged essa tells
retro wheels
I like that can you see is the lighting
all right that's okay if you don't move
I can fix it we got that one
that's adoption well this is weird
Jason Park here like this Jason parks
snake wheel this would be really weird
with the the taco jack that slippery
these the slip at ease so a lot of
people work show no Jason
they're also dug
you're going to get into gear to give
the team wheels over here wait till
December till we do it we do different
oneself pebble sucks because I don't
like I don't like this variation of it
but we do purple pebble sucks there you
go see it one more is everyone wash put
on paint some stress and structures
humbling what color are mine I don't
have any I don't think we are sold out
striking 252 at the moment yeah I have
some wheels they're in the way um then
we got some dug to cells will put dug
division of space wheels a little
spaceship in space pity juice alright so
that's it we have the boring Johnny
Geiger boring we got the Johnny GaN
raccoon we have the Doug dead cells
retro we have the Jason Park snake
slippity we have the purple pebble sucks
and then we have the Doug des kill space
gets common to people do it right you'll
see you here and I'll sit I'll show you
guys some tricks watch you like this
cross your middle fingers turn your
hands and you do this thing or man it's
it's between Jason and Doug right now
Jason space Jason the space Oh a lot of
Johnny to actually what's up this is
tough Oh Johnny what's Johnny I reckon
okay so what's your that'd be fun cuz
I've never skated space racoon space
raccoon space raccoon space snake or
raccoon guys rep it's kind of hard to
hold three wheels so we got raccoon
space snake Jase Park
no no raccoon I've seen all reckon hold
on hold on Jason space space snake space
dude to Rick Kuhn do mr. Rick Yune
raccoon space Rick Kuhn space snake
space raccoon Jason dude I'm saying I'm
saying I'm saying raccoon you're saying
it's raccoon raccoon this is what they
picked that's a good wheel huh no wheel
this is lives they had everyone in the
world hi everyone in the world
I just gripped a deck for Daniel
Clarkson yeah where's your name revealed
where's he live he lives don't give us
full address ac-12 it was Connor hey
Wisconsin with Daniel Clarkson in
Wisconsin I just ripped your day oh nice
yeah we're a brunette class I'll put
everything else together before then you
can just hand it over to me I would
actually make it a lot better the light
is fantastic right here gold sticker
underneath it okay alright so you guys
won't doing this ask me some questions
it'll be the real Q&A so you wanna do to
normal set of videos which I've done
when summer recently so I was going to
do a special one and I like doing these
live streams because there's so much
easier on me Turki tooth is up dude was
it I usually make up really ridiculous
stories while I do I we we send free
group with every board group comes under
board
yep have you tried these new Rawls
rhymes I I have they're fantastic
elegant all right has anyone seen
guardians of the galaxy - I'm gonna tell
you guys actually a really dumb story
about me Tom also know what your
favorite skatepark is my favorite
skatepark um I like West Chester in LA
it'd be tough I like the skate plaza
lose ICI paws up and countering but
price a Westchester I don't know why
just cuz I'd be in LA be kind of cool ok
if you don't see any good questions I
haven't done a story that makes me Toy
Story Toy Story so I went on a date with
my wife she had her last normal day of
clinicals so she's in one week she'll be
a full-on physical therapist and you're
capable by the way thank you for that
hand table thank you
so my wife I'm like alright I'm taking
my wife out for for dinner and movies
we're going to see our Z altitude which
the second time I've seen it
and when I bought the tickets I was
doing a podcast like strike back podcast
I'll do my podcast I was not paying
attention and do you think that we got
to the mood theater realizing that I had
bought tickets for the night before that
happened so amazing Friday night you
could went to the movie theater in while
we're Kentucky and there there's two
empty seats and that was me not there
that's pretty amazing so but I we went
to the one here in town it was really
awesome actually sing a couple times
what sure what's your favorite Star Wars
movie soon Empire for sure I think a new
hope
but yes subjective
really I saw a video on that who I won't
watch that I'm gonna watch it right she
loves all that I agree um that's really
cool yeah ask me some questions no no
I'm working on this Lee the same
questions over and over again fast it's
going kind of fast not what people are
asking questions I want to skate this
once I put together uh what's XK
produced Katy point 0.125 for a while
and then I realized I did not like that
so I try to eat 0.25 and that did not
awesome I asked what's the deal with the
poser stickers of you so uh Josh cash I
thought they were cool he actually said
he so he said do you guys want to sell
this I'll talk about the word poser
though I think I always thought it was
the dumbest I literally just put the
bearings
all right Casey just messed up the
messed up
is that the first viewer mr. Kurtz yeah
Wow there was nothing putting the
sticker underage oh yeah okay
so the word poser yes Josh coughs just
thought they were funny he made them and
then he wanted to sell him and he
actually sells a handful of marinara
quarters like consistently like it
hasn't slowed down but I always thought
the word poser was stupid because I was
like if you're worried about what
everyone else is doing like what you're
not skater like what kind of
skateboarder does that make you you know
like because as a skateboarder if you're
like just skating for yourself and
having fun like I don't really care what
everyone else is doing I feel like the
people that are gonna care more about
whether someone else is a skateboard or
not are probably skating for the wrong
reasons we're gonna quit
but it's just a dumb word to so to use
in any sense it just kind of dumb world
and I think Josh is using that as like a
comical thing like sarcastic so it's
cool
I said no Beth Bates wants to know what
your your favorite taco you've ever had
my favorite taco was made by a friend it
was it was just like a like a carnitas
taco super good so it's homemade but
like one that I could say that you go to
I really like the gringo taco at this is
one of your favorite soup the gringo
taco at sell where I want to yes good
what is it called pinches could change
see I pinched a sucker there's a couple
occasions you so if you're in Southern
California or I think there's one in Las
Vegas look up Portuguese get the gringo
taco super good
Michael Camacho thank you buddy Michael
come on show huh
I'm working on it well written Garcia
are we gonna go to Europe no no one's
seen it no one's seen it nope not one
person - hey Ryan how did Gardens the
galaxy do with them at the box office
oh it did well so everyone that didn't
see it is in my live chat plasma freak
thank you
plasma free plasma freak do you mean pod
pretty good way back what's your
favorite Marvel movie I would probably
say Avengers he's the Iron Man one I
didn't want a super good
and that was like I remember is that
when our memory came out I was like
there's no way it's gonna be like it's
Ironman you know it's not gonna be that
good and then it blew me out of water I
didn't know why I was in the water but I
was they blew me out of water
the funny fact though the first day
ridin was born I told him scene by scene
what happens in Iron Man 1 it's pretty
good one day yeah I use one day old I
just I just said I mean I was thinking
all day I was like I don't tell you what
a babbles Iron Man's a great movie right
I told him about cities - all right so
there's a world and then there's like
continents in those countries and then
there's in some countries or States or
provinces and we have a state and we
have a city Perry plan Minos wants to
know how pancake attack is doing it
should be doing better because we have
we have actually planned a season we
have not followed through with an launch
but it's doing good just right back
are we back all right we fixed the guys
Brian take this so that's what we do for
going on to airplane mode and going to
the Wi-Fi doesn't work we're almost we
almost got this board like we're getting
there guys there with me and Rick
everywhere else is back - there it goes
what's your voice what's your biggest
fear easy
why do you want people to know my thing
is you can put it you can put on the
internet specify spiders I'm out of a
jug lost row phobic and I'm also for
Heights the claustrophobic thing is
might become irrelevant portal I wanna
say it
you've asked twice has anybody seen
guards in the galaxy zero people have
said yes how audio I love you too buddy
Mikey or my gear Mike Elizondo wants to
know what your fare Black Sabbath song
is it's been a long time not iron market
probably sure what's your opinion on
hummus how this is so good
okay again you wanna I mean get hummus
and get turkey pepperoni and then get
some like feta cheese and hot sauce and
take the tickets I can make a plate of
all that it's great it's so good tips
it's also really I wish you could put
like a pole I want like a pole on the
right hand side of this Chet and then
afterwards Kofi what's up dude what you
pretty no fix on Oh probably dinosaurs
will die that's a great song good song
who is this person are you
yeah uh Gio presents no did you beat
Zelda yet I'm assuming you're talking
about the while so what happened was out
of is that it's so good that I was I
didn't want it to end and I started
doing other stuff in it and then Mario
came out I've been playing Mario Kart so
I haven't actually made time to beat
Zelda and now that I'm not playing it as
much like I need to go beat it so you
need to go beat it I'm so leveled up
though see here Dylan what's up buddy
what about that someone's interview so
suck at Mario Kart I think it is pretty
good and it's pretty good
hey what some win was I notice I don't
know Brian bloom Z says does Andy still
suck at Mario Kart or did he get some
practice in
I think Danny's always been pretty good
at Mario Kart I mean mark carts a thing
where it's like once you learn it you
have it Mario Kart does happen thank God
is Mario Kart happen yeah Sam I'm just
your average mark artist Mario Curtis
yeah burn is the best person I've ever
seen play Mario Kart my life he's on
bees unbeatable grill he's on it's
unreal how good burn is all right okay
Lansky
ask some questions people ask you some
questions what's your favorite Iron
Maiden song oh there's your question uh
hallowed be thy name
that's that's another great one the hole
okay they're old stuffs good but then
like what this is still two brave new
world that a lot of super good it's
really good what's your favorite music
to listen to while you're skating uh
rock like pop pop punk or like you know
like punk rock in general rise against
AFI CKY even like Jimmy world like you
know it's catchy rock like that will do
Louis Gates was know if Nintendo switch
is good and it is so there you go super
good question answered especially you
travel right oh my gosh that's the best
thing ever for that I don't see it well
I got to get used to it though because
3d S is gonna go away something to know
what is riding doing right now zippers
for right now I'm gonna go pick him up
after I film this I'm literally gonna
pick him up and I would like to say you
guys actually rocked this color
coordination come look at this bride in
a close-up shot oh wow that is really
good cuz like the green you know looks
really good thank you
Thank You YouTube hey I'd like to ask a
question to you do you guys get your
boards online or do you guys go to a
physical shop and it worked if you don't
get bored it you probably want to MIT
this but do you have a physical shop and
you still order online
chop-chop-chop both that's good online
shop online both is that Matt shop
online online online shred course only
shop online to get you up seems like a
mixture of both it's about what should
be shop that's awesome both shop so
that's all it's good to see that what do
you say Casey once I was in it once I
was able to drive a vehicle that's when
I start going to shops because before I
just so weird online so I got my first
board from a shop I yes I know there's a
ratchet in here guys I gotta say this I
just prefer to rotate it like that um so
my first board was from like a mall shop
and then my second board was from CCS
the CCS even exist same work yeah
yesterday they keep changing their
magazine size I miss the old oh did I
read that thing front to back a million
times my first CC about the pieces and
give them I gave to my parents I cut out
the pieces that I wanted for complete
board and I taped it on a post paper and
I get killed for us they're done durable
I hope you guys to hear that Oh patty
wants to know your first board ever was
Emma's a hook-up sport I got Charlie's
Angels silhouette like scarab fire
memory board yeah so that was my first
real board I had some piece of junk like
that I got in a garage so before then
like Friday was called holds me one
thing
or new notes called new school actually
your been to a skate park in
Pennsylvania have I been to if it
they've just want to know view videos
deeper in Pennsylvania we always stop by
Wheeling on the way to Philadelphia and
then we skated black diamond which Lake
thanks buddy
black diamond Thank You Blake I love
what you're doing with your hair today
huh black diamond if that was open
that'd be my favorite skate work
Jacob boat ride wants to know what your
favorite type of cheese cheese cheese I
know some cheese's I got a charcuterie
less this weekend I got awesome goat
cheese and a like a something cheddar
but you really know your shoes I'd
probably go go with the classic classic
sharp cheddar but I mean yeah you can
get some cheese is you like a nice
restaurant downtown
get some cheese's it's legit time to do
I had soft-shell crab yeah yeah which
looks like the crab why no loot so it
was delicious
that's good I work spear trick that's my
favorite trick he flips interesting
that's ok take it love figure the garage
doors opening orders you're going out
right now
his orders are going out which was it
Monday right now it's Monday much work
over there
yeah take a look at it real quick
oh that what is your favorite pizza ther
pizza I would say it's in Las Vegas its
secret pizza which is just a good New
York style pizza but it's like in the
Cosmo and you have to like if you know
where it is you know where it is it's
not that hard to get to but if you
didn't know where it is there's no signs
for it so you have like I like stumble
upon it and it is really good it but
it's not like I have a theory with pizza
that they keep there there can be good
pizza and great pizza but not the best
because I just I would love for someone
to prove me wrong on that secret pizza
is very good it's good but it's just
pure selfies you know it's like just as
good as every other years personally for
me I'm a communist I'm stumped hijacking
your question ba cheese pizza in Buffalo
New York and Adriatic O's in Cincinnati
Ohio are the two best pizzas I
personally have ever had and they are
similar pizza cheese and I adriatico so
I was like I'll just pick up your crazy
I had it with you see how you have
header with me yeah I like a food
questions if you do these all day I know
guys
do you like Wienerschnitzel it's been so
long since I had Wienerschnitzel we
actually used to eat it nowadays Manford
sure if I taste mine but I would never
like because there's so many other
options I would never go there were
skateboarding injury I hit my head and
split a nerve inside my head open and
that my ear I can't hear this year he
almost died these guns right here broke
my foot and like had to get cerkupo
bullets thanks buddy
yeah Cooper thank you dude but I also
had to get like I broke my foot and one
time had to get like steel rods through
my toes that sucked
because that one like kept me out of
skating for like a good three or four
months where's your favorite fast-food
Taco Bell what was he I mean yeah
frylock Taco Bell even even over in and
out honestly
Internet is lawsuits charm over the last
you know it's good in 10 years when I do
eat it I don't it's lots of him get all
the time but Taco Bell it's like if I
had to like continuously one for the
rest of my life I would choose Taco Bell
hey I don't you know let's go in now
it's great I love it it out but it's
just like it like there's only so many
things to get you know it's true
what is riding Sphere Star Wars movie
you know that's a thinker
he'd probably set a new hope he watched
that one like since he was two years old
like over and over again the board is
put together there it is you guys made a
good deck look at this it looks really
good let's put a sticker on it
you always wish would watch wonder what
which one I'm really lazy with stickers
this is just like hang out with Andy as
he puts a board together pretty much
favorite movie score Capitol Street
photography it's a good one um I mean
Star Wars Jurassic Park maybe one of
those go fantastic goes now the new Star
Trek dude this is a really good source
to you I personally think that jaws
would have the best score because they
see one time the music is ever like I'll
cry now the only time it's like they use
the music to personify jaws because
y'all's kept breaking and it's a genius
here it is guys let's go do a couple
tricks now that I've been standing and
hey sorry why is bagels named bagel cuz
Annie's super weird oh my cat all my
animals are named after like foods don't
know why so in case we say a bagel bagel
and just one of those things like chef
Geoffrey was not in food when he cooks
Oh chef Geoffrey chef Geoffrey cooked
no but he's like a cook you know a major
like I literally like
Coughlin's Andy's gonna do three tricks
key from test success what do we do I
don't know I'm my body is so SHM and
your face is so nice she was skating in
your inner Lane let's kidding
he's gonna try to he's gonna trifold the
hip right there
I've known Andy for solving alone 15
years
you click records I personally yet I do
my wife my wife likes to DJ so we have a
pretty good in varied collection
a ricotta pepper Michael I don't know
that is so no I'm not in the chat is
moving so fast guys I'm sorry let me try
to answer your some questions here
shams the Philippines oh he's got it
done great
that's an old person deep in 30 hey
there what is my favorite food pizza or
tacos
Oh third try now that's pretty good
three flip do I at do I agree it wasn't
bad it looked good I got like a bad
angle on it so it looks like you popped
it fine who taco pizza that would be
good
and I'll switch up being from the
backside clip
we'll take over the world go on the
channel no it will be available digital
download and the DVD here pretty soon
oh I'm gonna come over a little bit to
the right
we were good hang on this particular
there we go
God's eternal Wisconsin sure why not
well I shave my beard no my hair
triggers a kick for the person what
would it take to shave my beard it would
take a lot it takes something very very
powerful to make me do that they're
asking me what it would take for me to
shave my beard and say a better e Frick
important I only I never do it
you
eat it Louie do like varial flips if is
done correctly yes my back and I'm tired
Alex you kid - yeah that could happen oh
you're not blown it yet
who is your favorite rapper I'm a big
fan of brother Olly right now he's doing
an East Coast tour I'm gonna try to
check him out somewhere why'd you do
that
we're just talking about a I'm talking
much
see here
where's my favorite snow gold Kate spod
the shooter anything like by the river
in Ohio is super photogenic I like a lot
Alan thank you so much buddy pretty much
almost one Ewan was tripped every board
and ate it
can i backside heel yeah I can
what is my dream trick I would love to
be able to do K flip tricks I can't
handle crooks I would love you learn
that
or like frontside flips really good that
would not be stoked on that
when I do it with snobby challenge yeah
sure I'll figure out what that would be
just be a bunch of sobbing just get this
in my life when I do a spicy sausage
with Sam and Andy shirts
Sam's a little bit harder I've been like
really beating them up recently been
handy anything kind of long handle there
it is
quick Conor I cannot laser clip within
three drives I'll give you five bucks we
do
when did you start skating we both start
skating from around 97 98
he is going for it michael Komachi oh
thanks buddy
I guess we're going from like standing
and just going to skate what's your
least favorite grind for me front
peoples or like front crook for me
personally
you are chasing it favorite grind Smith
grinds all day nose grind is fun to
pineapple on pizza I say absolutely 100
no Andi pry this agrees with me that's
all right it's a lot too
yes you want to know information on the
new company when we're going to talk
about that I really did put that the
other Klaus happening really soon it is
happening it's coming it's coming soon
you're gonna learn everything soon
soonish you'll have a video about it and
a probably a month from now I would say
that's what it's where I need to start
putting it together
I also need to drop the taking of the
world trailer like the full trailer
before the video like next week I'm
gonna hand the chat over to you now
cycle hair flip it around yeah I'm gonna
let it go this wouldn't go on forever 30
34 minutes oh it's over here
yeah sorry if I don't know how weird
that was I'm trying to get the vibe of
like live videos like at stride quarters
here it's weird it's a lot easier on
like social media like Instagram and
stuff the chat moves so fast - yeah and
Thunderfoot I love Metallica more so
favorite rise against song fairytale
let's go over here I would say state of
the union which is the like the hardest
song they do is so good
what's the thing you hate more what does
that mean more than what hold on guys
are getting out of the noisiness
somebody asks Nate quarters what
happened - we are avenged and why did
the brand have to change we are avenged
we just did a new episode earlier this
year but we've been busy filming for
taking over the world so we were meant
to be full-on
yeah we don't have any just starting up
really soon I'll probably start filming
for this month and you'll get a handful
of episodes this year
Joseph is Zell azile likes your shirt
oh thanks bye little cat someone's
Richard gold is just quoting rick astley
of christian O'Brien says we should have
a game channel would be great yeah okay
let's get a run out Zozi button that's a
good one yeah probably working out right
now um like the thing you bait the more
I don't think you spelled that right
Andre says when you're going to post on
turbo time I post turret toys on videos
every Tuesday and Saturday so tomorrow
you're getting an RC speeder bike video
like Return of the Jedi like scout trim
somebody's food whoever asked that
oh yeah had a lot recently to read Ambar
and pitching's like back to back in 1-2
days a big PF Changs man what you're the
wrong thing man
okay ah d TOC is Alex right America
visiting and forces not but this year he
will be out here I need to talk to him
about that actually so a few more
questions guys I've been like hanging
out forever sorry if this has been
longer than you guys anticipated Khalil
shoutout to the Philippines
we could play game escape but this has
been going on way too long
what
all right say czar you're welcome and
thank you
lunch break skater says his auntie the
last Jedi yes uh if I were a Jedi I
probably the last one because I would
ruin it all he's actually in the movie
and he was so I was hard spoiler alert
here I wish I was um cool gamer ytgamers
says can you please make a new new
fidget spinner video and you give me a
shout-out well I kind of just did by
saying that I don't have any plans of
making a fidget spinner I don't really
think there's that much you can do with
the things I really just made the one
because I got so many requests for it
but if I get an idea that I genuinely
think is interesting enough to do it or
if I see like just a ton of people
asking I'll make another one for sure um
Xavier says do a tease miniature over 5
scape or we talked about that we have
we'd have to contact them I think
Nickelodeon owns them and see if they
want to do a collab so maybe you happen
we actually got we talked to Star Wars
one point and we can say that right we
had the opportunity of doing that every
way we did we did have the option of
making service decks but we decided not
to because it was a thing um tactics
this fall it's fall what's happening
oranges all right and the last question
is um I guess we could do this we've
said a million times lumumba lumo ops
says what cause revenge to be revived
and it was a we saw a potential
trademark issue and we contacted the
people that had a similar trademark and
they wanted like a bunch of money for it
so we just didn't know yeah we didn't
want to do that over so we've rebranded
as revive yep
it's very earlier in the company though
yeah so anyways there we go yeah
epically Braden will bonus question have
you guys thought about any more comedy
videos and yes I want to do another skit
in the let's box super series like play
catch list box I have always had another
one planned so I just need to film it
with Sabre but I've been meaning to get
into that because I'm trying to get into
acting I'm trying to sign up for like an
actor's Union right now like the SOG
after but I need to do some pieces so
you guys if your parents or are you are
in the Hollywood and they could catch me
on something just hit me up on my email
it's on my youtube channel and I'll fly
out to LA and be in it so I can get an
actor's Union once a gap you know line
what
I just assumed it'll be there okay so
that's it thank you guys for hanging out
I'm gonna go through the super chats and
thank all you guys was VL skate you're
the best
Michael Camacho Thank You Allan
Palmquist you are awesome in sir copper
bullet you were the best
Oracle's corner I like to think that
your names after Steve Urkel if it's not
I still like you thank you
Blake Island did you read their comments
yes okay cool
Blake Island thank you very much dude
Merkel's corner again plasma freak
Curtis trophy andrew Keeble jackson
Hamada you all you guys the best thank
you so much and um and I will see you
guys tomorrow I have a new uh video Oh
riding to this first Carver boarding
trick and there's a lot of goofy random
clips on there so say goodbye Brian
Eames see Mike hit this subscribe but if
you guys want to see more and I will see
you in the future goodbye huh there's
the ceiling
