YouTube what is up guys today I'm
putting together the greatest sponsor
package ever this is for Gabe Cruz he's
probably finding out this is coming to
him from this video so I'm not going to
show you guys everything that goes in it
I'm gonna have some fun ok normally I
would use this box to send out a package
I'm gonna use the big one we're going to
go to some stores we're going to buy
them so much random stuff that has
nothing to with skateboarding and we're
going to put it in this box game is an
awesome guy and I'll go into full detail
on our journey but yeah let's put
together
first up Toys R Us so yeah well I'm
going to address figures on the way
alright so the reason why I'm giving
gave such an awesome boxes because we
recently pulled him on the flow family
he is one of the most passionate dudes
out there he loves skateboarding he's
such a rad dude and he's the most
helpful guy ever when working with him
on some of the take over the world stuff
he was sending me clips like Zach
so passion or hard worker just
all-around good dude
and of course you guys know from the
Braille videos he does so much work over
there and those are all my dude
so I've done typing them up but that's
why I'm doing this more there's a FedEx
truck that I'm not going to hit right
now I do not remember at all what I was
going to get him but on the way over
here I thought something new so I'm
going to get him that I wasn't getting
like an action figure or anything but uh
either way I got a new thing so we'll be
back with that I got way more than I
thought I was going to do I got a mini
basketball hoop super legit games a fan
of basketball
I got about many blasters because this
would be super fun to play with I also
got him something awesome in this bag
and you have to watch the video on his
channel to find out everything I put in
here bloods go to the next door there's
a store that sells a lot of cheap
trinket e stuff it'll be super good just
five months aside I am NOT in Drive I'm
totally paying for most of this stuff
myself because I wouldn't make the
company by this random crap for games
just in case you know somebody was like
wow and he spends Erised money
recklessly it's for a good cause and I
like to hook up the team writers and
make them feel a little special and
whatnot five below everything is five
dollars or less and they got legit stuff
okay I get it that was the greatest
store ever
I got vision I get so much stuff for me
for other videos in that store so we got
a water gun for game a lake in your
country cave this is all in
during the ham sorry do but you know
what Purple's red so other stuff is a
mystery we're gonna go over to Best Buy
you guys don't get to see that but you
can see us outside a bit that's my
teasing you have no idea when I get up I
thought I was getting it's been cooler
that I got but either way that wraps it
up the best sponsor package ever let's
go put it all together no it's weird
lawyers actually do wear underwear okay
I'm given three decks
I'm given three shirts some accessories
and office stuff we just bought everyone
actually everyone loves let's get detect
and we have an eight inch right here
let's race key blue white yes check deck
one and I'm not going to show you the
next to ask you a mystery put them in
here hopefully you like that no you know
what this take over the world and I will
let the little third one be a mystery
let there be shirts got to have that red
on red whereby pin pack Horta gold
revive shoelace belt no we need that
green bubble sure lanyard mush damn I
get now that 3d glasses even though I
did not give my Fuji boards crap from a
silver truck random baggie dude I'll
even of all is gonna fit in here haha
like barely fit alright I got to do my
letter I would do a brand new P letter
let's just I'm going to be completely
like nonsensical because every time I do
these I just think of something weird
exactly what I'm starting to do it so
name an animal no let's go okay put his
way or the other
look at all the random stuff we're
sending Gabe don't say anything we're
about to be okay just look into it
Wow anything you should be hyped I'd be
hyped I'm you feel happy they're actual
dog other skateboards just do it here
yeah that was no skateboarding Club love
amazing curve tapers well this is this
first package and I've been really
blowing it on setting it to him that's
why this one's a really good got you so
the next time he's on to make any of the
I'm literally a somewhat empty box for a
second box
I forgot tickers alright sorry get this
from Aaron Gabe mystery sponsor Gabe
thank you for everything you do for
revive and Braille and just ski for you
in general you're awesome dude with a
good heart and uh yeah guys I'm going to
go skateboard the name of Gabe but I do
urge you to check out the channel the
Brea channel that Gabe it's really
hands-on with it's called Braille armies
write down the info enjoy it but let's
go skateboard hopefully I can actually
trick will see is it all the tricks I do
or for Gabe it some tricks for Gabe
you
Oh
that took me like 30 minutes the other
day and then a second time
first take a trapper game this is where
a more often I'm landing all my trick is
that we never did this far the fine out
is weird drop one first try
so hey do you have days some days you're
bad I'm doing good today
that felt awesome problems like a most
fun trigger you do alright that's it
guys I had a really good session I'm
going to keep skateboarding but my film
er has to leave so I'm ending this video
here I hope you guys dug this make sure
you check out spray larmy again the info
it has the link right down there but I
do videos here all the time every day
for the most part so if you want to see
more for me it's the subscribe button
right down there click that and you're
just signed up for more videos just like
that and I'm going to play I'm going to
take AC play mini game escape cool he
won last time you won last time right he
beat me he's good
so hopefully wish me luck guys that's it
so let see you tomorrow I think I mean
your computer might explode you might
not be able to watch you die shouldn't
talk about this but your computer might
explode it might happen someone someone
that watching this video their computers
gonna break tomorrow is like wow Danny
was right
I'm sorry it wasn't my phone
I'm in yesterday ridin did his first pop
shoving our carbon board which that will
be a video don't worry but I was
standing over him trying to tell where
his feet what we're supposed to be and
he just decided to try the trick and he
was jumped up and uppercutted me just
full-on five-year-old head into my face
clicked my job it may be bite the very
back of my tongue on the side and now
this whole day my tongue has been like
swelled up in the back that feels weird
down my throat because we're doctor
skating so that's my story that's it you
stayed around for it Hubble is worth it
