my life is about to change every dream I
ever wanted to have is about to change
right now because in this envelope is a
ton of money
Brian Eames our lives are about to
change
I am a trillionaire one hundred trillion
dollars this is real money this is it
Bob way money one hundred trillion
dollars man I'm a Korean air
doctor man I literally amateur lien air
this is I mean we can you make a video
this is it said that skateboard or
trillionaire it's true I'm gonna go show
it to everybody so it's in bob ways an
idiot no offense if you live in Zimbabwe
that was really bad occasion bob was not
an idiot but the idea is to make bill
for with a hundred video you can get
this online for like 30 40 bucks or
something are you talking about have you
I bought it right away you need get to
like you can spend five bucks he like
billions and stuff you know I don't like
to talk about money but I'll show you
there Sam Tabor how much money I have
done this to me much how much money do
you think I have like injured engine or
all like revivals ever know everything
every member every dime to my name over
a million
no okay a trillion they don't yeah okay
why look at this is real money it is it
Zimbabwe money look it up while you have
a hundred trillion over because I'll you
know give it back look okay you didn't
think skateboarding to make you rich 100
trillion dollars wow you have made it I
know I should you know what it's worth
nothing because they screwed up and they
made huge bills and they're they're they
just went back to the other source of
income so this doesn't this isn't
actually worth anything except 100
trillion dollar envelope no that's yours
yes what are you see yeah I just thought
trillion 100 I think that we good where
are all my friends all there's there's
one why would I not have that do you
want one do you want to be a billionaire
because that's way cheaper to be a
billionaire oh you're the one dude that
knows don't you yeah 100 trillion
dollars it's really that was their money
they they're like alright we're going to
the story is is that they were used
something and they're like we're going
to make our own money and it's going to
be is in Bob way dollars and let's just
make all the bills insanely high
how much you pay for the 40 bucks 40
bucks which is a waste of money but at
least I can say now I'm a trillionaire
yeah and Zimbabwe and we're people
walking about how sells it casual what
100 trillion of them Bob Layton doing
look everyone
yeah no one will show yeah it's like
worth noting or there's probably was
probably worth more here okay so I had
just sort of longest owed like this
because this is the funniest thing in
the world if you guys want to look this
up you can go get like bills for like
five bucks on eBay and it's a funny
little thing you can like pull it out
your wall and say hey yeah I'm a
billionaire I'm a millionaire
they have a bunch of different ones look
them up on eBay it's hilarious to really
get into the lifestyle of a trillionaire
we need a really for though dude okay so
we will take it what Ian from my car I
like been down with a rap album throw up
some stupid like signs people do and
I'll wear my jacket des tailoring
glasses or no glasses I don't even need
them but I'll put them on all right
normal Andy trillionaire Andy where's my
money I'm not even a trillionaire unless
I'm holding this up let's go that looks
so different how do I look tea fresh
Tommy Tommy Haverford yeah that's me
let's go do this weed you know not June
10th let's do it right now let's take
the photo okay you have food for us
which is a great thing but I could go
take a lifestyle photo because I am a
trillionaire Wow the alien dollars on
100 trillion well are you sure this is
real this is real
look it up you can buy your own plug a
few bucks on eBay Gregory you get
billionaire and then your mind got make
up a lot of it yeah Paco is worth way
more than this I'm gonna go take this
photo and then I'm gonna eat a taco gosh
report because you're being recorded
this is good like maybe like something
like this okay whatever the thumbnail is
that's what ended up being about there
well you're the photographer see there
it is Andy's an idiot they forgot a
skateboard
got it now there gonna be a trainer
skateboarder skateboarders obese - might
have been the lamest thing with our
responsibility audience all right
probably because that probably because
my camera was so ashamed that we just
shot that photo prevent yes so I got to
do a disclaimer I don't actually care
about money like that money is just a
thing I'm much more interested in like
friendships relationships fun times you
know memories all that cheesy stuff I'm
not gonna millionaire and I just thought
this was hilarious why I did this so
don't judge me too hard okay you're
judging
I'm gonna go skateboard I'm actually a
skateboard I got that part right Thomas
here says why well you know what is
wrong with my camera
hey Bryan remember that one time you put
my camera into a really weird thing why
is your camera have like a circle moment
so there's a circle I don't know what
was happening but sorry that was weird
okay so that part is done I'm going to
continue my day this is a vlog is owed
which is you know you know what if log
is if you watch the Internet but before
I do anything else I'm going to enjoy my
one taco and I'm going to watch the
Trailer Park Boys um I know a lot of
people watching my videos that aren't
actually subscribed to me so I just want
to say if you guys dig what I do here
just go down there and hit the subscribe
button below it's easy you just click it
and you're sign there to see more videos
from me and I would appreciate it from
the bottom of my heart but I'm gonna
watch this
I love Trailer Park Boys I'm watching
the whole show for the second time over
Netflix we're not stealing the shit this
is finally skateboard time I'm going to
the local part with a local part where I
grew up at least to do some filming with
Stephen and I'm excited to see can these
go out this they just need the addresses
on them like their informations over
there alright so I'm about to leave but
the new posters came in this is the
second version of them all the video
comes out right there and the ridiculous
that is this poster will make sense when
you actually watch the video thank you
thank you appreciate your work thank you
for all your work dude hoarse Alex well
tell me I say the same thing in LA
and it says thank you uh hey right I'm
going to a party you're not doing a
trick shot video saber yeah go friend
Marcy buddy you look so nice uh-huh
because I'm a trillionaire that's that
makes sense if you watch this video I'm
not money actually sucks all right
here's the park
try to get ten tricks like my gold and
ten six well I'll get a headache so it's
like a little Lego hat what's realistic
fighting Legos everywhere in life
falling out of things this is a red
watch I keep it good luck compelling
better thank you for - okay so long good
luck dude when you don't do tricks you
start to stuck out and then you get mad
that's what I did to everyone that has
family in the parks and recreation
the government's area doesn't have a
soft that gets people hurt at skate
parks big craters where you should be
skateboarding you never know
all right so I pretty much can't hit 10
tricks to that the backside double took
me so long you get to the skate shop to
run a skate shop I'm going to do a fakie
50/50 finger flip which is something I
should have done by now in life but I've
never done it so new trick bounced off
the box oh my gosh
okay look all your tricks for five yeah
right
just you want here to leave so k1
through one right now do your famous
backside but you got good backside he'll
tell you do that staying right as well
as people come out of here I'm gonna go
you're washed up and pick up my kid and
then we'll continue this Steven thank
you we're home
well how it's folded yes good good
there's K so I was supposed to ensure as
Wallace at the warehouse a day because
my wife is giving them to our co-workers
being a husband you forget everything so
if you're a dude and you know later on
in life and if you ever get married if
you don't get married you're probably
all right honestly but if you get
married and your husband you're going to
forget everything as be terrible right
in your in court alright and you're
coming with me because you're five and I
can't leave you alone but we get this
capable but to write you gonna do a
million tricks yeah alright three tricks
l1 maybe here
you mean you're not going to win in and
you got this you can learn a bunch of
stuff lately no we should not
hey this way my gosh means a lot of
shirts
she needs options so I forgive her a ton
of shirts but it's only gonna give him
giving away like five and I said we're
gonna pay for just FYI don't just like
take things from my company like this
okay what box t-shirts watch out there
stuff up here buddy please dog miss
davyss that's good not go in the box
that's the big dogs bus there cuz right
here look guard the software/hardware
it's skate time dude hey hold on how
long have
let go dude month
this way sir okay look at this ma'am I
need a food whatever I didn't mean to
freak you out
we randomly both had to come back to
work who rides gonna ask to drop off the
boxes I think so Alex you're asked to
drop we go Hey
what he fell off from captain Anand
anything any easier oh I missed it but
you didn't good job
perfect you want to try it off the box
you got there yeah you have more time to
go down here watch you feel me what
you're just going to go down like this
would be a new trick for you so hold
onto the nose and you just go down okay
oh my gosh I was good so it's a super
good first attempt we're in the pot and
then you go out see go now land it dude
God would you just walk in on a new
trick just how he is
good job buddy
what a good end of this video right a
new trick what I'm proud of you buddy I
love you very good yeah yeah thanks for
just coming in and helping oh yeah you
need that motivation I was awesome dude
yeah how good to have a good family
night you really got to jump to it oh
that was pretty good
oh my gosh don't get hurt
don't show them that right all right
yeah that probably hurt but there you
guys go hope you guys liked hanging out
with me for today like I don't have and
Alex yes and then right in you're here
too
who is a fun video I do videos all the
time here so hit that subscribe button
if you want to see more from me and
that's it
we're going to go home eat some dinner
it's really weird I go to kiss your
forehead I just kill the helmet you guys
have a great day and I'll see you in the
future the shirt goodbye
all right guys beach ball park beach
shakers skate park this little red Lego
helmet is good luck okay what makes you
learn fakie fannypitty piggy flips
that's right here okay history right
there
peace out
