I like started the livestream facing the
other way
sit down guys we're doing it I really
should doing this with a tank a brand
new anchor because anchors have juice in
them I do what's up guys so we're doing
a livestream for this banner because
it's easier for me to make a video doing
livestream we have some details about
take over the world this guy is not in
it because we're dropping it from the
team are you back on you got a part in
again um yeah what's up guys since this
is a livestream we're going to wait a
few settings we're gonna ramble for just
a moment while we let people join the
the chat why are you filming everyone
cuz they got a new camera he just is
that a new camera you're just filming
background stuff baby
okay well that's happening alright so
it's waiting for some black male black
male live in you guys okay so I will get
to it guys thank you guys for joining
and hanging out with us here we're gonna
release the official details of take
over the world yeah good so right now we
are announcing that it is going to be
released June 3rd that's what's going to
happen
it features video parts from all the
team I through the team I don't know is
gonna say the whole entire team and um
and then everyone all of our than all
the flow dudes you know Casey got some
awesome stuff in it um they have some
they have some stuff in there than all
of our friends everyone you see in the
videos you know most of the force guys I
think all the force guys probably all
the foreskin I'm sure they're all they
have clips in there it's a really cool
video I thought this video was never
gonna come out haha I was gonna come out
yeah it's if well you're not the one
that is ruined their life for like three
years not ruined it it was awesome going
out and filming but it just seemed like
it was never ever gonna happen and
actually this guy right here I like to
thank him he slaved away during a whole
week in my office at my house just just
at my house like morning till nights
like pulling the whole thing be doing uh
going over my editing and doing all the
sound and color and stuff and he rocked
it and then the DVD publishing or
whatever not publishing but authoring
the authoring that's that's that's the
word
very different so June 3rd rules yeah
yeah he just made herself I don't know
what I was even there half the time uh
so June 3rd ok at midnight so if June
June 2nd like the night when it hits
over midnight that's when all the stuff
is going to come out with you have the
new summer line which is a limited
edition take over the world board which
we'll show you in the coming weeks and
then the video is out you're going to
get a digital download it'll be
available on the Shred quarters comm are
we going to be able to do it on mobile I
don't know yet we're going to show you
the app well it's I mean I'm working on
it yeah hopefully mobile can just do
that and I might be able to do it
nowadays like down the file and play it
in your phone attention of you find us
you're like VLC on your phone a pro
would work yeah how's your history
you're watching the live stream I wonder
to my live stream I'm reading written
comedy yet ok uh will you answer some
comments in a second here we'll actually
do a little bit of skating too so um the
premiere you're going that's what the
titles about you're going to be able to
meet the entire team the entire team may
be in town for this um and I don't mean
it like dinner how awesome we are that's
the first time we've all been together
yeah I don't mean it like that like I
hate that that's why I don't call it
demo because I think like only good to
meet us like that's not you get to come
hang out with us but the fact that the
entire team has been to go is going to
come together all at once is that for
the first time is pretty cool and that's
going to be here in Cincinnati at
Ollie's skate park is either technically
Northern Kentucky as I said not
Cincinnati alternative state yeah it's
uh but it's like 20 minutes away from
Cincinnati so Ali skate park they have a
special it's free to watch so you can
just come and watch it and hang out with
us free totally free and then if you
want to skate you can pay to skate
afterwards also they're doing a special
$15 for the all-nighter so you can just
like you can just like stay the night in
a skate park and everyone will be there
like what we won't stay the night I'm
like the night
tons of people will be there to hang out
and it'd be a good time and then also we
are going to do a West Coast premiere ok
so everyone that's upset that is always
Ali's we're doing a West Coast premiere
and that's the details of that will be
announced soon will announce soon I
believe it's going to be at the Braille
House right I think so
so we're working on yeah we're gonna
figure it out because the Braille house
is limited like you can't like just pack
a bunch of people in there so we'll see
but I'm super excited guys
the the thumbnail for this
the poster which is of the intro which
will make sense when you watch it the
intro is amazing you guys are gonna love
it it's so good the video is fun it's
actually made me really excited just to
get to work on the UM on the third video
I'm already excited cuz now we can do it
even better
uh-huh you know uh but later I'm filming
for my video too oh yeah he's making a
VX video it's gonna be do my case II I'm
not making a beer do you have any do you
have any clips for his VX video kind of
I have a goofy clip and then like 18
Falls which me which means you have a
trick you don't want to use him yes if
you just exited the video like that and
we were gone I would've been fine with
that that have been great um so yeah all
the details I just said in a way to
length of a process is down in the info
but let's answer some questions and then
we'll make a I don't know Casey me I'll
do some dumb mini room tricks to do that
sure okay cool breeze Brian can't won't
do it I might do it yeah alright uh so
when is shred core is getting a long
flat Bar nautical noise I would love its
coming to answer that we have vowed
hello for Steven to have the guy come to
make it yeah dude well then don't worry
about that guy by the guy the whole time
what are we making that roundels I gotta
love when they order the other groping
and then I was just told that we're do
you just call somebody else
she was just hopefully soon we all like
each other by the way we're all friends
um Kristin Marie says you like to skate
bowls small ones are fun I don't get too
crazy on the big ones I mean you skate
balls yeah I can't skate thankful you
can see even skate transition how about
you not like not the ones you could fall
in and die yeah
just like an orc like the one a peach on
Park I think I can skate then you can
skate then okay um I do around Vincent
yeah boys it's coming up hookfang right
there yeah I don't know we're gonna use
a bigger one I think Vincent Fiero says
any big dream tip team trips soon like
out of the States um we mentioned
talking about going to Switzerland later
in the year so hopefully that we cool
would you go to visit Johnny yeah I see
some of the stuff he posts and it's
gorgeous
I want to skate in Switzerland well
let's go during the fall so maybe we'll
go like on a week that it's nice and
terrible we'll just go just knock it
both out yeah um so yeah and then the UK
we need to go to the UK - how long is
take over the world s Evan Walsh that's
a good question I would say the runway
do ya you probably do it with I know let
me guess first let me guess
I think no just from like the intro till
the after credits and I'm saying 50
minutes no no 45 Oh am i guessing 53
minutes
No
the main the main video from intro after
hoods
I'd say it's 50 minutes to the 600 thank
you like how would nothing um try to
fakie tre right now how bzees gate uh I
will when I escaped somebody said why is
is a livestream and because my life is
very chaotic and it's easier for me to
do a livestream a couple days a week
also I get to talk to you guys I'm
answering your question you just asked
that it's it's it's good to actually
communicate with you guys
I try it's a live stream and it doesn't
work at all on my phone it doesn't your
phone does suck for it dude dude it's
the worst I'm smart Dirk oh geez asks
how much will it cost to what and I was
thinking yeah these are finals I think
because it has gone up a little bit
since live skate diet like their prices
went up so what was it ten and thirteen
so it'll probably be like 13 and 16 or
something yeah you know whatever it is
like we're not going to try to
overcharge you will look at how much
more we paid and we'll make it
accommodate it
Garrett Lutz I just can't answered how
much they're of my videos we might have
Ted said that before I you know before
you heard me say it
noseblunt to blunt Andy on what so you
should do that so Liz how do you would
you do that like knows want to Franklin
oh did the backside bluntest
that wouldn't backside nose blunt to
backside blunt nose what Papa no
nautical noise again says uh what
happened to Jays he was getting really
good at skating
he isn't skated with us in like what
five years six years he's just the last
time I sold jaysis when I got on the
team he was he's been here really yeah
he's been to this rec course like like
two years ago oh wait no ISIL yeah he
skates once a while but he just grew up
skating I saw Jason I was in the cars
now and really I saw Jason beat shaker
skatepark and he hasn't he didn't skate
like two years I feel like he was still
insanely good he's praised probably so
on top of it he's talented he could have
done anything
yeah it could do anything I guess he
someone said where's Dallas but if you
guys saw him it would be like the
weirdest thing in the world because he's
like six feet tall now and he's like you
know grown up a grown man
yeah he's like he's still my little
little brother there yeah I love I do I
saw Mike Kroeger side and I was like
okay I know that's your - how's the
soundtrack it's fantastic Gesell on
occurs playing Goldeneye that's great
you need to get off the live stream and
pay attention Goldeneye then a random
Lord hello back to Utah skip her son
NuForce line we're uh this finalizing on
Monday on Monday we're going are all the
graphics and I think what are we doing
again what are the concepts on Steve
Floyd
oh okay yeah I'm actually more excited
about this one that I am the last - uh
okay hey but you guys actually hey Brian
I want to see you and Casey oh my face
is way too sorry
sky sailing says wind is tech tech
coming um the halls the fall Casey go
grab the mini green and I'm gonna
actually can you guys do the mini green
stuff so I can just talk to people since
this is my live stream dan the man has
at lunchtime there no it's 1:30 so it's
after lunch okay
there's Brian yz5 crippled chips
I am shorter than everyone thinks five
seven and everyone I used to be five
nine though I don't believe I could show
you literally somewhere my dad has a
medical form that says five nine height
them to the hospital measure me when I
was 16 to be 14 what I see it I'm
leaving you're out of here yeah why are
you turning that way I do my live stream
I live stream bye guys I'll see you at
the shop all right play a game of ska
okay you know Scott no on the mini group
like that come on this is a lobster you
guys got to go just once
mini-green so Nathan thank you for
skating a revived board that means a lot
liam i don't know i shrank by the time I
was 18 I got I used to wear bigger shoes
too
I didn't know that was possible
like the shrink
PJ we're doing great how are you doing
you guys got it Lance tricks you know
that right
Emily the Beast says what got you into
skateboarding what got you into
skateboarding yeah I also don't know I
used to hang out at a comic shop I ever
did understand skateboarding thank you
I used to hang out at a skate shop and
my buddy it was even like there Jewish
of it my the guy there brought a
skateboard up but we just started
messing around with it and I was hooked
of course he would land it Allen
Strickland Sam did not record new music
for take over the world we have a very
good soundtrack though you guys are
going to like it
Oh somebody asked Joe shields how many
times have you died in Zelda oh man a
lot a lot Oh God
brother the while not too much because
you can like you could just heal
yourself super easy yeah I did die a
handful of times I need to beat it I've
been like I still haven't even beat it I
got to the end and I didn't want it to
end so I just started doing other stuff
I started another playthrough I know why
you even give Mario karts out now dude
you guys are killing me
the mini-green uh why somebody who
somebody asked I can't I play or says
there's Casey why did I start revive -
she has suck and I started revived
because you guys wanted me - honestly I
got a lot of comments to start a company
and I said okay Cheston says Andy do you
ever hang out Claudio Sanchez I hang out
with guys that can't land anything on
the mini-green oh uh and yeah well I
hung out with him when I filmed a video
was that nollie front show or nollie
back show but I actually talked he like
gave me his number which terrified me I
was like cuz I look up to Claudio so
much and he was like yeah if you're if
you're in New York we should hang out
what was that I miss my guess s and um I
had a bunch of people when I was with
them in New York I've talked to him I
got text to them I might be doing a
video with them this month so we'll see
I might hang off him again
who you think is the best part
Ryan Rodriguez asked who it was the best
part intake of the world which the team
hasn't even seen taken to the world yet
so you can't answer that
I can't Brian who do you think is the
best part in take over the world alex is
awesome I like Johnny's an investor all
three of those John Hales I think yeah
it's it's really well-rounded it's a
really good video I like it I mean it
because I like my friends guys you guys
got to land stuff you guys want to go to
a normal board so this actually ends I
could just douche I could shove it my
way to make well yeah just do that then
what is he an S yeah just shoving him to
death uh Hana Hana hog Berg says what is
take over the world
in video it's our full-length skate
video so basically over the years over
the last few years we've been Brian
Brian Brian we've been saving our best
tricks going out and really aggressively
filming and like trying to put away
clips just like to make video parts of
all of us we have music in it you ever
seen traditional skate video it's pretty
much that we could be landed something
good Chloe
silk says have you worked on the Braille
drop and no I the only time I was at the
Braille house I was pretty beat up to
the screen skating or trying to conserve
conserve my energy to go Street skating
the next day but maybe next time I don't
know so much has been done on it you
guys are not you're texting
depending like you're actively texting
during a game your screen
Mack Max and stuff says screams Sam
Taber please he's gone
screaming no just scream oh there's a
Tremont see tamer I can't show my phone
I'm filming with it dude I don't you do
there's this fun no the other it is
that's a good idea that is a good idea
Andy why are you coming to Switzerland
and where and just escape and hang out
with Johnny yeah you teal oh yeah I'm
sorry if I pronounced your name wrong or
you at nothing now yes who is Samuel
Jackson he's probably the most well
known person in the world
cuz he's in every movie retro Ness or
NES I'm not skipping your comments
there's just there going really fast
like and I can't you know I only can
read so many I'm also paying attention
to filming skating you guys are not
landing any Jacob Nicholson says what's
your favorite graphic and I like the og
red lifeline over there I got to get
back to the game though and then I'll
show you another one I like in just a
second guys has anyone just done a
kickflip
oh my gosh where is it
Sam flew hard he did this one the
graveyard one matter that's awesome
it's rip Carlsbad NOAA says skateboards
are gay and then unfortunate that no I
actually just got attention so everyone
that's like Noah should be a better
person and not try to be negative also
yes not homophobic
Jason Sumpter says favorite Coheed song
I like Domino the destitute in keeping
secrets those are probably my top two
it'd be hard to pick one what do you at
you at okay
all right this is for the finisher Bryan
Brum see I did get my own copy of Mario
Kart and I've been playing it it's been
great
I've been terrible out of though because
why should been bad luck I guess you
can't be terrible Mario Kart you just
have extremely bad luck
nautical noise says any prank video is
coming and I've been thinking about it I
would like to do another one
oh wow that would be a good ender
favorite and Harry and his guitar says
favorite metal band Katie metal oh let
me know and see metals has / devo so
much well I thought it was swimming in
my face sorry guys I would say what's
the one I used to what's the the pinball
map I don't think it's a it was in ball
well clearly there I'm not a great fan I
can't remember their name but as
terrible as this I don't like to say
something so popular but I really like
Slipknot what I like Slipknot
psychosocial psychosocial is amazing
dude
oh are you dead Brian hey get your phone
out and YouTube pinball man pinball Matt
yeah I love that ban I forgot I used to
listen to
Oh like uh lil G little G gah 22 take
over the world is coming out June 3rd
and Brian you do again this is the
Internet
June 3rd the premieres June 2nd you get
to meet all of us and hang out with us
in flames
just do it fakie not regular Oh whatever
you won congratulations congratulations
3 hey short night uh uh Barney I'm
seeing Gardens gals tonight at 8 o'clock
I can't wait in flames was the band I
used to listen them all the time Carol I
need to listen to more because I forgot
their name Oh Iron Maiden I don't really
think of Iron Maiden is like metal so
much anymore but yeah I mean if that's
an option
Iron Maiden they're the best I have
listened to them since I was 2 really
yes guys if you are in the Midwest come
hang out with us at you just hit me in
the budget sorry that's such come hang
out with us at Ollie's skate park if
you're in the West will be doing one
prior around a week later in the San
Francisco area not the whole team from
San Francisco but the whole team will be
here in Cincinnati yeah yeah so and I
need some of the force guys Christian to
be your JS apart ninja thymus everyone
every so many people are gonna be here
did you buy - no PewDiePie is coming in
he doesn't know exists but that's it
guys thank you guys for hanging out and
tomorrow I have a stupid fall montage
coming out so hit the subscribe but if
you want see more videos and then these
dudes up with their channel in the info
I think Sam left so he's and get this
channel oh sorry dude
take it easy guys oh wait let's see if
there's any super chance there's been
none so oh there was one Taylor Perrin
thank you so much for the he's coming
he's coming to it from Chattanooga so
thank you for the super chat means a lot
I don't know if riding I'll be there at
the career because so many people will
be there he'll look like a bodybuilder
those that'd be cool you get body well
there's not many people like and I can't
keep an eye on my own kid that's not I
don't like that so that's it alright um
you guys have a good one right Brian you
wanna hit the finish button I did
