Wednesday that is the fall that ever
felt falling just kept pulling I really
did booting what are we doing to the
Alex Beauty now it's doing which is
history is no no not he is a camera
colder guy yeah yeah you got like a
reddish pinkish shirt going on it yeah
we run your MacBook around here I have
absolutely no idea we're doing so you
can explain I have concocted a plan okay
today to battle this guy okay it's noon
on land first off to be before we start
anything we get just weird to me he's
making this up as videos right now I
kind of warm up research each on the
hugest rail you've ever seen we're gonna
go in there find out I don't have a big
gorilla don't we maybe Oh giggle then we
have a mystery challenge which I have
absolutely no idea we're doing cool
which are usually come over when I'm
layer high wave not prepared this week
and then it's a new game called first
person to miss a trick
what okay this is gonna be quick whoever
starts will figure it out by the old
paper Rock scissor whoever starts does a
trick another person has to match you
oh the first person to miss three tricks
whether they're trying to set the trick
or match it loses okay okay you can't
repeat a trick like if I do a from 180
spent or matic spent enormous yes never
mad line first person missed three
tricks loses the winner gets a new copy
of the new Mario Kart force which
revived skateboards bought this and well
I bought it with revived skateboards
something and uh yeah one of us is
taking this which I'm super stiff we're
skating the last today so this might not
be that great there's my skateboard when
you only have three people for the where
else Wednesday you really have to clean
up your own mess that's not bad because
usually Casey helps
does he always help the speakeasy just
cleaned up stuff doesn't make pretty
much he's awesome
so we skated a little bit before we
filmed us and bridesman I haven't seen a
miss a trick I'll think it needs to
complaining about not like I'm a skewed
reveries I've done everything I'm stiff
keep going
here's the big rail arena dialing let
slip around yes would you like legit
tricks and now I don't know if I'm like
scared to flip it never been waxed
that's the thing probably could use the
wax yeah right
Brian if you live slaughter get 5 bucks
I could stick oh maybe to work you and
the tapes busted
that was collared there's nothing in me
it says that accounts that does not
count that does not count you like just
like you accidentally hit the rail will
you just handle this
you just stand on the end over there all
right where the blue tape is yeah Bo
Wow
hahahaha house why wouldn't it help
beauty I counted I think you're telling
Riley tell it was it's 50/50 nollie out
their 350 vision no athlete
right yeah you guys oh now we had two
mystery challenge right I kind of want
to involve him in the baseball is gonna
do some important thing we have to do
some baseball catches okay okay on the
rim I'm gonna do know what I've got to
do a kickflip off the top of that and
catch it well mom's really gonna be
first I got ten tries my gosh it's a bad
mystery I sent Erik to the helpers I'm a
headache so slamming oh I mad
look how far it is like I just started
and looked up oh yeah Brian Eames is
left-handed it's gonna suck for him
right you have to finish it is up down
with the little down box right there
because it's quick okay we ain't gonna
catch it what else you into it this is
way too easy I'm stupid 500 you should
do 500 that scared me that was too much
to maybe switch yeah we'll give that's
true all right now warmed up you guys
first here two three all four thank you
is first and that sucks in this game yes
house while you're doing doing it
filming if you plug this
he said five-o next
Oh
Oh fine feathers
I knew there's no whales in Atlanta he
was like we talked about that trick
earlier today is going to Z so hard
doesn't slide 50/50 that's another no I
have it on teach my pocket know what
come eternal here's my section alright
what I do know let me think why you do a
three-stroke oh yeah do that I'm not
going to go look lot of pages right now
on that word and I'm not doing that I'm
not doing that I was gonna be really
hard on I'm cut secured even see you
ever tried nose really me and I won't
Lane I'll lose this immediately if he
doesn't
is toes and everything hey bad you
cannot be done oh we go again
you go again you try again oh-ho-ho one
miss to miss I'm doing only I can do
what are you doing I want this to be an
honorable battle so if anybody fresh out
of the box which you can do the good box
getting stupid the box of the story for
my paper this is Brian day back when a
on that
yes right
that was probably I've ever seen him do
that I'm just going to do back side
loves but there did it go on flat ground
I realized something then pie losers if
I missed the trick I lose so you have to
lose on a match like he had I feel that
I have to miss trick that he landed to
make rules up as we go but this is like
Calvin ball Calvin Hobbs
I made a rule a long time y'all Holly
the foster Bryan's done it I didn't see
it so I want to make him all in the
Buster
oh you think so do Smith runs and he
 his own turf and tail spawns box
oh wow alright whatever it doesn't count
I didn't die to his match so you get to
go so he's only a 1 but if he visited
the trick started it counts against him
sounds way more complicated it is a
promise but I'm gonna steal straight
until fine print
I've got it see now it's locked in place
it is 2 vs. 2 and I'm gonna do terrible
I'm gonna go back to the nose growin 80
and he's not going to land it I'm gonna
be right behind him on the hill
is really I don't want to kill you the
telephone that's not that cool
I'm going to do it from one oh I'm so
happy
lt1 you just need one mark right there
what you're just one more hurt go ha I'm
gonna now drive your target about my own
copy because my regard is life
there's your dead so I mean the only
times my wife comes home on Wednesday
since Watson warehouse one zation to go
through are you in today did you win
that go now I didn't win again see when
he's going to win one
one day sweetheart one day I'll win
sweetheart one day there's a link above
my head and that's his channel go check
it out
I'll be back next week with another
Wednesday by do videos like all the time
here so click the subscribe button down
there but mainly check out his channel
that popped up it's in the info too
Thank You Sonia goodbye I'm not I would
like to say that when I go practice that
trip alone one two it's really fun
tail slides are front ones are
fun all through I'll choke it one knows
you're on for salinities there also does
your arms now there may be on like I'm
not going down on like a little alleged
no terrible it's a good long to be short
like a big smooth motion ditch
lady when they go now then when again to
worry did one one one day sweet her one
nail when
