you do what is off our bow down beaver
still am I saying
are you I'm sayin says you get rekt that
guy why I have been getting so many
requests do a video on these fidget
spinners which to me I thought was just
a fun little thing to fidget with but of
course the internet will show you that
it is it's big it's fidgeting is a thing
so I'm going to do one video on video
spinning and I'm gonna I'm gonna have my
little guy with me I know we are pretty
late to the party here this is pretty
much old news by now but since I got so
many requests we're doing it we're gonna
do some trick shots
that's what you even called them and
we're doing some spinning right we have
two of them is that we call it spinning
what are you a spinster thankfully it
would sound like both am I deployed
today
what's it every day if someone's pretty
much yeah absolutely
so here are the two spinners we have and
this is the cheaper one I got I got a
nicer one I know that's cheaper one and
uh see there's that one
this is the cheap one we're going to
play a polka and this is the nicer one
oh you can't even hear it sit this would
have some shiny metallic stuff going on
the the where you hold it it feels
really nice you can even unscrew this
where you can see the bearing it has
very small ball bearings in it oh no you
can see that but oh yeah and you just
put it right back together and then
there's this one which has the a plastic
piece this one has like more concave so
it can grip it easier which is way
better
this one's just like a flat piece and
then you can even push this out but I
don't know I'm really messed with I
don't want to break this so I'm not
going to pull and tug and mess around
with this too much then the weights in
this one you can actually push out do
you put actual bearings in there if you
wanted but out there just we put it back
in
yeah sorry so Ryan has never done this
alright we're going to going this you're
going to hold it like this if your
fingers are big enough and make it spin
okay
if your fingers like our barely big
enough felony icon that would be the
face now hold on to it dude yeah you too
you're too much of a little dude here
you gotta keep it and he just turned
five the beginning of the year so his
hands aren't - okay well at least you
can spin just enough of just fitting
we're doing some trick shots
hand-to-hand transfer with the cheap one
you failed immediately Wow boom that was
easy
alright now we're gonna do the finger
hand transfer okay
one finger oh just give me a little
toughest ready I fell off it's the one
right no sorry
oh I didn't I did I fell off it was
close though yeah
Oh gonna chop my fingers off put all
nunchaku ah turn over for ninja my ninja
business account of my other finger Wow
I'll take it
okay right what do you think about
putting these our nose and doing it are
you asking me you're not gonna do
against for something I'll deal with the
cheap one so it doesn't hurt okay I live
out on the table mine
yeah are you ready to do a fidget
spinner on your nose yeah can you do it
alright you're brave aren't you
I'll do it okay well we're gonna do it
again I really still okay oh gosh just
your face okay
laughs I woke up a fella it is really
hard to film this and do this at the
same time
it's such a good on trying this PDF pick
let's do it spit it ha ha first try
fries dude that was awesome I did not
think that was gonna work
Threepio you have a great head for
spinning I'm gonna call it where the
first person to finish spin 3 p.m.
maybe not but I hope we are ridin I
think it's time we finger board a pigeon
spinner you ready you spin it I'm gonna
do a flip trick do it there's a good
spin whoa all right man down
Oh shove it doesn't really just 100 I do
a kickflip oh my gosh that was amazing
I've got a pervy idea to use that ball
how about Fisher spinning bowling right
in here are bowling pins okay I'm gonna
spin this down here you have to throw
the ball at it roll the ball at it and
bounce it off into the team so you ready
yeah
oh my gosh oh that was good Oh Oh was it
good or do you hate those cat face
you have to get one
I hear what I did - okay dude that was
good that's good forever all right I'm
gonna try to strike okay
all right this oh my gosh I did the same
exact pre muted are here let's do this
rule mail sounds very good yeah I hope
you like that yeah so that was it we're
running out of time right now so we got
to end it here these are pretty cool I
mean honestly I think they're better is
just like a random trinket that it takes
seriously like some of the stuff I see
people do online I'm like wow you're
really talented with precisely
pinpointing your fingers on a spinning
obstacle but a little bit of information
about these this is like your
run-of-the-mill one you even find these
on Amazon for like five bucks I'm sure
BAE alright break your neck shot in time
yeah we saw a shop at down near the
movie theater near us and we've bought
it there so this is the cheaper one and
then this is a little nicer one that I
showed you it's a lot more heavy-duty
feels better and as easier to like solid
land on it because it's got like the
concave this one like the weight seemed
to follow a lot like they get adjusted
it's probably going to break faster than
not which one do you like there you like
the metal one better yeah this is
plastic and then I mean the weights are
metal but so there you guys go that was
father-son midgets bidding this is a
kind of a weird video for me to do but
if you guys like seeing the little guy
and I hang out I do videos all the time
sometimes with hambone and I we actually
have a toy channel that you can check
out it popped up right there so click it
and see us just unbox and talk about
toys it's a lot of fun what's it called
yeah turbo toy time so you guys have a
great day if you want to see more videos
for me there's a subscribe button right
down below you just gotta hit it and you
are signed up to see more videos from me
you're just running away he's gone
thank you during the video with me
you're moving 20 back hugging me give me
no wrong give me a normal hug you're
saying goodbye to YouTube you just
called Lou tube oh I'll tell later Lou
you
