YouTube it is a good day because I get
to put together a new skateboard and the
spring line is releasing tonight at
midnight but since I own revived
skateboards I get to skate it early of
course look at this deck
this is the grid deck my favorite revive
deck in a long time and I'm really
excited to sustain it I'm real excited
to see this one too like I love this
spring line but this one will be next
time this is right now so I'm gonna grab
some stuff and we're gonna put the
skateboard together and skateboard and
I'm gonna tell you a story a cool story
actually and if you been watching my
video is long enough you already know
that's the true test to see if you're
super og you're gonna know what I'm
talking about
I've been hearing doors open for the
last 10 minutes and not one time that
door has actually been opening but Alex
actually got here this is a new cut out
for AM grip this is the first time
skating it see my face behind it and I
need I'm gonna need a big suit
we got the sticker shelves over here I'm
going to I guess I go this this skull I
used to put so much effort into my crib
tape sticker now my life doesn't let me
have time so I just like I see something
I'm like oh that that's gonna work let's
use that look at that though since it's
a big enough graphic like you can kind
of see a lot of space impress dude with
that going on I didn't know the grip say
I thought like it would rip for
something and every little things to
take off nope and rip we're gonna put
this on the table if you guys are ever
in a situation where you're applying an
EM grip sticker by yourself use this
method it's amazing your grip tape down
I feel like air bubbles or the your of
skateboarding like the everyone flips
out if you use do it wrong or if you
have air bubbles people flip out you do
to do bubbles like okay cool yeah I use
the wrong you're you still know I'm
saying nothing it doesn't change
anything
not that I'm saying don't have proper
grammar but you know at the end of the
day no one's life was worse because they
use the wrong you're no one missed a
treat because had an air bubble that's
not I don't film gripping because that's
the one I like having straight quarters
I immediately if I don't see somebody I
immediately think they're throwing
something at me when that's ever
happened I've never just got hit
randomly in the head by something well
that's probably absolutely not true this
is fantastic what have I been doing with
my life this is a great scraper also you
know if you went on like a Lord of the
Rings quest
get a goblin I don't know
cool
got my grip tape hopefully I don't mess
this up I wish I had like a morning talk
show where I just put together
skateboards and drink coffee I said that
but I actually don't want that show at
all in the wiser
we got her skateboard I got to grab some
wheels and unfort there's literally
hours away from new wheels coming in but
I don't have time to wait for the new
wheels so I got a I got a skate old real
old new wheels I was skating Street and
I realized that if I'd had new 53s I
could roll over anything that way better
so now I've been skating 53 I guess I
have to go with these purple not really
purple but close so I'm finally putting
my board together that's why I don't put
gripping in my video because it takes so
long for me to actually get here where
I'm putting my board together but this
is going to be a good skate board I love
this graphic JP Cooper killed it and
there's new forced grip right here okay
am a Doug came up with this design it
has a little lamb grip logo not that you
can see it that clearly cuz I put a
sticker behind it but he's inside of a
force logo that's really cool I like how
there's grip throughout all of it so
it'll still hold to your feet you know
some cutouts you're like is that really
gonna grip my foot because there's a big
hole in there but there's grip
throughout the whole thing that's
awesome
I've got force hardware I thought with
some of the these colors I thought white
would look better than red which is like
the one time you're gonna hear me say oh
yeah red wouldn't know looked as good
where it has two white bolts upfront and
then the rest are black so you can look
down and immediately know which way your
nose is it's I I used to skate all color
bolts and now I'm thinking I'm like why
would I do that because I like to just
look down and know where my nose is
synopsis blu-ray bearings I've been
skating synopsis on and off for a long
time I love them they come with so much
stuff look at that they come with extra
nuts for your axles they come with
spacers they come with lube they come an
extra washer spacer guys whatever these
are really cool company really cool
presentation you get you get this what
is it
all right sticker it comes to the singer
too alright so I have some classic slash
force wheels this is a standard this is
one of the best song wheels you've ever
had actually the weary envision every
year but this is too
Seventeen's and we will have 2018
version soon enough and then I'm skating
these matte black Orion trucks what I
drop great
I dropped the washer guys so I have
extra ones over here cuz thank you
synopsis so yeah black mat Orion trucks
I've been skating these for a little
while and they feel brand new still
there but broken in but they're really
good let's put it together so the story
I want to tell you guys this mean I've
been listening to a lot of Kevin Smith
recently he's one of the greatest human
beings of all time he's like if you
listen to his podcast watch his movies
like he's just a really positive dude
dude you just you just you just heard a
door open this place used to be crazy
haunted like weird stuff happened when
we were in the first warehouse when we
moved over here I haven't I haven't
really seen any ghosts in the other
warehouse like I legitimately saw a box
move and I was the only one I know I was
in San Francisco it was like the first
time I'm traveling after I had my little
dude ridin and I was like I was about to
come home and I was this is that's not
even important part but I just remember
being like I got teary eyed when I got
back
teary-eyed like when I saw my little guy
for the first time again I like I about
cried man I was like I miss you so much
and he was like five months six months
old but his face lit up it was the
cutest thing ever okay so Kevin Smith I
was in San Francisco and I was going to
the bathroom because sometimes like I I
have to pee in my life
sometimes like periodically I've been
doing it like for what my whole life I
think in the airport they have these
they have bathrooms like so people can
pee I am going toward this bathroom and
I go around a corner I go around this
corner and poom Kevin Smith is there in
his jersey like it just looks like
poster boy Kevin Smith exactly what
you'd think Kevin Smith will look like I
wanted to say what's up to him but I
didn't want to draw attention to him cuz
he was Kevin Smith
No okay this wasn't in the bathroom it
was away from the bathroom so it's like
the bathroom part that's just where I
was going so I run into him we're right
in front of each other and he stops I
stop and I just extend a hand to shake
his hand he shakes my hand and I just go
like this I'm like I'm gonna leave it at
that
okay I was just keeping my cool he said
he might have just smile or something
and as I started to walk away I was
holding my skateboard I still it wasn't
in my bag I had in my hand and he like
points down my skateboard and he was
like I appreciate your art that's what
he said to me and me in my head I'm just
thinking I've got to get away from this
dude because everyone's gonna realize
it's Kevin Smith force wheels I didn't
know what to think
I was just trying to get away from it
it'll be like I'm like he says that to
me and my brain is processing about at
the same time it's not because I just
want to get away from him which is funny
because it's like not everyday like a
celebrity like this just goes to show
like I was like you know I've come to
realize how good a person he is like the
first the one time I met him he was a
great person he like he said something
nice back to me but I just smile and I
was like and I just backed away left I
just walked away
like I ignored him I just did not
respond and I walked away I went the
bathroom and then I walked out got on my
plane and I'm sitting there just
thinking about it all and I'm like I am
stupid like why didn't I say anything
and I got an idea I was like I'm just
gonna make a video and I'm gonna explain
the whole story and I'm going to tell
everyone to send it to Kevin Smith so I
can reply to him and say thanks for
saying that he appreciated my art my
skateboarding that's what he was saying
are you hearing this did that door open
where did you go do you like that
cotton-eye Joe song okay so I walk
outside my town home and I film a video
and I just explained and I'm like
everyone go blow up Kevin Smith like
attack him on Twitter and tell him to
watch this video it did not take him but
like an hour and a half or two hours of
this video going live for him to comment
on the video and he commented something
like I'm inappropriate for kids to hear
but he did but that's Kevin Smith what a
nice dude my gosh this is Ted it was
dedicated to Kevin Smith he's good
I've been listening a lot of his stuff
lately bad thing about that story though
is that it was not long enough for me to
finish putting my skateboard together no
I didn't meet him in the bathroom dude I
did not meet him in the bathroom it was
like like 30 feet away from the bathroom
but that's where he was coming from I
imagine so that's cool he pees too like
we know that unless she just likes
hanging out bathrooms so if you guys
already knew that story that means even
watching my videos for a very long time
and thank you and if you did not know
that story then there you go there's a
new story and you're still watching this
video so thank you I don't really have a
lot of other celebrity meeting stories
than that I think dewy from scream David
Arquette like these Courtney Cox his
brother and scream he cut me off in a
go-kart one time I was skating the Santa
Monica triple set the one time I skated
the Santa Monica triple set I was about
to go and my Fillmore buddy popped up he
was like don't go this guy in a go-cart
flies by a golf cart sorry my go-kart no
he flies by any light you just see like
made a weird noise and yelled at me or
something and I was like like that guy
was green my feller was like was that
Dewey from scream and I was like oh my
gosh it was when we drive through
Beverly Hills in California I would hang
out and just scream Britney Spears is in
that car and everyone on the sidewalks
will flip out it was amazing that was
when back when Britney Spears was like a
bigger thing um Oh Kyle Moody I know
that guy
he's like a he's a celebrity super nice
mellow dude next time I hung out with
Kyle Mooney I'll try the human I'll try
to humiliate myself so I have something
good I'm just gonna magic this the rest
of the way okay guys there we go all
right this is it I am site so just to
reiterate this is an 8 inch grid revive
skateboard we got the am grip force
collab grip tape I got the force
hardware I've got the matte black hanger
Orion trucks I've got the 53 millimeters
slash wheels some blu-ray ABEC 7
synopsis bearings a skate park that I'm
gonna skate it actually I'm just gonna
skate the flat part a little I skated
pretty heavy and hard this week with
slams included so I'm just gonna have
fun so the flat bar hands up and you
guys can watch I really wish it was
sunny outside I'm sorry it we're almost
towards the spring you're gonna start
seeing sunlight in my videos again I'm
I've been trapped in the warehouse all
winter so I got about 20 minutes to
skate I'm just getting this flat bar
which is flat bars are my favorite thing
to skate so let's see how many tricks
you can do I'm gonna start with the
basics and just take it on Oh
and I'm totally skating new shoes these
are the ever stitch Swift's awesome my
favorite skate shoe to ever exist
Thank You Kelly Hart Don Brown and S
skateboarding shoes
yes shoes they're tag it says
skateboarding so I went that way
there we go that took longer than 20
minutes because that last one I battled
for a second and I at least I got my
exercise but man I'm sweaty but that's
it that's my setup video uh like I said
the spring line comes out tonight at
midnight on the Shred quarters calm and
then this week skate shops all across
the globe we're gonna get it and if your
skate shop does not carry revived and
you want a deck ask them to carry it
make sure you support your local shops
guys thank you for watching this video
if you want to see more for me to hit
the subscribe button down below I do
videos all the time tomorrow I have a
fun family video where my wife tries to
cart boarding trick super entertaining
and then on Sunday we do a session on
the new part of the skatepark a lot of
heavy skating in that so so I'll see you
then thank you guys once again for
watching
skateboarding is super fun to go outside
and do it if you can if you can't find
an indoor park and if you neither
skate your house your mom's do be bummed
but just find a way to skate your house
we all did it when we were 14 like
everyone's skates through house or
garage just don't skate your bathtub you
would hit your head on something
terrible I'm here trying to do that has
anyone have you tried to skate your
bathtub let you inside your bathtub
I know I feel like I there's some
youtuber like up up and coming youtuber
out there like that's a good idea
you're gonna get hurt dude don't do it I
shouldn't even brought this up
there's like a underground lake of a
sweat on the ground I don't know what
there's an underground lake of sweat on
the ground
wow I'm special that's the bonus clip
you
