just I guess I'm making this we're live
we are officially live right us so all
these people that ask questions I really
should win into airplane mode all these
people that asks questions on here
they're um do we do it right yeah we did
okay Oh things are happening it's it
they're really asking us this in
real-time somewhere on their phone or on
a computer what's up guys so yeah I
wasn't gonna do a video today I've been
doing two livestreams a week and I've
been getting mostly good feedback some
people were complaining but um
oh there's Elizabeth the video we just
watched she's not in here uh so but I
thought I actually got uh I got heat
from Brian Ames wife she's making fun of
me for not doing a minute it was like
all right that's a sign I'm gonna do a
view a video so we're just gonna do a
Q&A we're literally just gonna hang out
with you guys and then on Thursday want
to do another livestream it'll be
skating I'm gonna try my three foot dark
lip slide again so you guys are gonna
ask us some questions and we're gonna
get to him are you cool for that
can you high-five me high-five me you
would hit your dad did you know I was
doing that oh so you just hit me anyway
all right uh what's up so um first
person says rct3 King says are you a fan
of a since a bangles I don't keep up
with football you love the bangles
what you're allowed to I mean we use
them into a game we usually go to
baseball games though so I always keep
up with the bangles I'm Way more into
watching well hold on don't do that I'm
Way more into watching baseball than
football but you know I keep up with my
team ah the animator cc3 says what's
your favorite TV show right now I'm
watching a lot of Trailer Park Boys I'm
watching Barry he's watching Skylanders
yeah so he obviously I like stuff that
he's not allowed to watch Parks and Rec
though he watches that sometimes with me
the office those are awesome mr. no-name
says what's your favorite sport besides
skateboarding um to play I would to
baseball to play I would say basketball
you can say baseball gosh
well Star Wars anything is we should
somehow play Star Wars base below Rock
um
Andre says do you like the Dudesons I
haven't seen too much of them I saw some
stuff that BAM did with him and they
seem funny but one of them was at the
White House when I was there I'm getting
a random hug all right
uh thanks Micah says why won't you watch
the new Ghostbusters
and we did I was I saw it with him and
uh the first half was ok the second half
was terrible
I love the pop-up and then defeated all
the gold I came out of the FA and I love
dad plot I will stick with the originals
personally the like the the girls did a
good job it's just the writing in the
second half I just couldn't forgive a
gold card right yeah well we'll see if
you agree later on life Hubley the Megan
if they make another one hopefully make
it way better
um I'll gate is in here ridin what -
gage says ridings what's your favorite
movie movie trailer we watch a lot of
trailers you know like the short movie
things online he wants you to say the it
trailer the one with the clown he hasn't
seen it yet um I like so I like dimming
Jacqueline wing the baby thing that's
that's actually a really good trailer
the lego ninja Ninjago trailer Wow
although and all love movies are so good
they like they can't do anything wrong I
like the baby fig I know you did all
right
uh Thunderfoot Thunderfoot Rai Keck says
Ryan do you like ninjas he likes ninjas
I mean who doesn't and just kicking
around the room right now um somebody
the mister driven games says Ken ridin
carpet board and uh not really trying to
teach him shove it nice like spun it a
few times but he just spins like his
body so I'll hear the community give me
a need he um he could skateboard way
better than Carver Berg Jaden says do
you like Pokemon rides obsessed Pokemon
and I like Nintendo stuff so I'm psyched
that he likes to hook up up
I do too
Adam says on a scale of 1 to 10 how much
do you love Star Wars right one so you
don't like Star Wars a 5 a 5 so you okay
like Star Wars I would say 9 because I
love Star Wars he's just joking in love
Star Wars I would say 9 because I love
Star Wars but I like to think that I
could love them even more hi Greg
okay a hundred of 10 compared to the
five that you just said more a vibe to a
UK trip yes I will I imagine we will do
you picture you're about four five uh
what's your favorite tech tech um I
don't know Brad knew when he were your
favorite tech tech if you can do it
quick yeah okay he doesn't know so that
would take forever
I like the Toy Machine ones until we
revived technics come out those are my
favorite but uh right now I love the Toy
Machine ones I like all of them uh oh my
gosh Aiden says when did you start
skateboarding um you just like hug my
neck
yeah gosh you're coughing you just
strangled me alright hey come on I think
you're faking that um I started
skateboarding when I was 14 so 19 years
and then we're like - oh you were like -
but he's never like consistently skated
he just doesn't want someone I know when
I had that bull thing it gave me the
moment I gave him a skateboard he just
jumped on to it and tried to ollie
there's footage of it somewhere on my
channel it's like the best clip ever
which baseball team do you like we love
the Reds yep I mean that's and that's
always red get it boys there's we're
actually going to the Star Wars Reds
baseball game this weekend which is the
best thing ever we just got a new
lightsaber - I don't think we can take
it we might build you where's brining
seas at this house I think if you
weren't a skateboarder let's skate says
if you weren't a skateboarder what would
you be doing what would be what would
I've been what do you think that would
do if you didn't skate in like one
laughs I would definitely eat yeah I
would love to have something to do
because I've always loved videos making
videos and then um we monkeying me and
then uh writing like you know I've
written a few books so I love that hope
I'd be a writer but it'd be really hard
to be a successful writer that's not an
easy thing to do
Logan says do you hate scooter kids and
I you're not a scooter kid you you've
ridden a scooter there's a difference uh
no you know what I'm all about like if
whatever makes you happy
um do it I don't really care you know as
long as you're not hurting me by doing
whatever you like that's awesome like
more power to you I personally don't
think scootering feels that good I
haven't done it too much like I did it
for another video on YouTube and um but
you know I would never judge somebody on
it like more power to you what's up guys
I look at something alright
oh my gosh right right um no I just
being dramatic
um how long have you play guitar and do
you want riding to play asks Ben Howard
would you like to put learning I play
guitar yeah I've never actually is that
how you do it or we got a super shot
from drunk food reviews thank you so
much um so shout out exactly yeah that
sounds that sounds like an entertaining
channel I'll say that um I've been
playing guitar like just as I was like
13 like but I never really like
officially was taught how to play guitar
I just can't taught myself which means
which is why I'm not that great at it I
can play some things here and there but
hopefully he gets into it music is great
you know it's so it's an awesome thing
fail rug don't worry about your rug he's
complaining about the rug that we're
sitting on or she's been here forever
hey somewhat different alright well we
can't worry about that we're not here we
gotta answer your questions dude alright
somebody asks our writing some questions
he's usually not in these favorite skate
team besides revive and force um that's
a good question I don't know uh I mean I
I guess the happy medium crew their
skate team my dude
Hunter O'Shea and all his dudes out and
there's an awesome guys super nice guys
at least those of I met I met all um
that was not a question for Riding Hood
drew Craig says come ride and do an
ollie
yeah now you've came close like you've
done really good attempts but I don't
think he's legit got off the ground yet
so but the last like we like there was a
week a couple weeks ago where he skated
every day and he was doing really good
so if it wasn't so windy and terrible
it's not we would go practice today
probably would you try BMX for a video
asks racing chick 203 and uh yeah sure
I actually I've been talking to Adam LZ
for the longest time like I think I
started talking to him when he had like
like sixty thousand subscribers or
something like and he of Speas of course
blown up and even more than gas you know
he's super successful yeah he's in E
owns his own company he's a lot like me
like in the biking world except he's
really successful here on YouTube is a
super nice guy so I imagine it would we
finally do collab I'll do something but
I'm never gonna actually seriously bike
you know like oh I barely have time for
skateboarding so I can't afford to do
anything else why are you getting me in
the face I'm not oh I am kind of happy
um ridin somebody says ass on them NP
Gaming ridin what's your favorite
Pokemon card yeah you don't have your
favorite one it used to be that one like
Dappy or something what was it called
remember skit oh yeah but then you said
something else I don't know um I gotta
collect all don't kill but what's your
favorite one is it still skiddo which is
a weird random Pokemon do you have your
binder he's gonna go just go get his
binder uh-huh Oh Bryce Richard a Ricard
uh thank you so much for the super chat
um he said who would win in a game of
skate Johnny Geiger or Christian that's
shooter is that you have to go
okay well we'll just move on don't worry
about it um that's a good question so
hmm I'm gonna go either could win
I'm gonna put my money on Johnny that
being said they're gonna both be in town
so we'll just do a video on my channel
about it soon and hopefully Kris isn't
bad at me but they could it depends on
the day really all right doc warrior
grissom also sent a super chat thank you
so much ridin who is your favorite
Pokemon and hi Andy what's up we just
kind of divulge that and last time you
said it was skiddo who order some
Pokemon you like though ah this is for
dark warrior 71 grissom no just say I'm
come over here just say him he's gonna
be I know he likes Charizard I know that
likes Pikachu like the standard ones um
you like I don't know although he
probably knows more about Pokemon the
meat right I'm thank you
you like turning her ninja Zira nice
there you go
he says he likes that one sir copper
bullet also sent a super chat thank you
so much
favorite video game Oh your bullet yours
um is final fantasy sit down dude is
Fahmy z10 you have too many Pokemon cars
no um
final visit n is a terrific game I would
say my favorite game of all time is
earthbound but I said always say that
the greatest game is Final Fantasy 7
alright hold on we got to keep up with
us there's all these super Jets a
Pokemon called Randall West today oh
it's supposed to do I don't know we'll
talk about that after the live chat okay
thank you mija sue uh visage I'm sorry
I'm murdering your last name um I
inspired you to start vlogging that's
awesome making videos is really
rewarding and fun so I hope you're
having I hope you're having fun with it
can you say shout out to Mia say shout
out to Mia yeah mija yeah shout at me
huh there you go
um the dad is so long I'm trying to uh
get through it all I locked the home
okay we're good alright we're gonna keep
doing this for how long we do it you for
12 minutes alright let's keep it going
um the chat is insane it's going so fast
um Logan said Logan plays ps4 says
writing is so cute do you think you're
cute Wow
you think you think yourself is cute
that's a weird thing to think I think
he's cute though uh exulte
auntie says ridin you want to be a pro
skateboarder have your name on a
skateboard everything what army you good
M as a pro skateboarder
no like somebody else puts your name on
it and you get to like make grid the
graphics you want and stuff what
alright so apparently does by Allen do
when I'm not a skateboard oh it does not
make sense at all that doesn't make
sense
um well Steve Novak says what's your
favorite thing to do and me as a dad of
course it's gonna say hang out this guy
it's the best part of my day what budget
what's your favorite thing to do like
your favorite activity look look right
there darlin get tickled alright come
here
yeah say on the still remember come on
get over here what's your favorite thing
to do in the whole world
eat and watch TV oh my gosh that was the
most American answer I've ever heard in
my life well we'll work on that he
doesn't get to do that that often either
he's always uh where I was making him go
outside and do physical playing um sorry
this chat is crazy guys do you care for
the Pittsburgh Pirates I don't anything
against them but I'm of course rooting
for Cincinnati at all times Juan
Castillo says you guys are cool and I
really like your videos Thank You Juan
can you say Thank You 100 put put a new
skatepark I'm just a super Chad thank
you I'm sorry I probably destroyed that
pronunciation um I should really do this
on my computer so it's easier and I
don't have to be um like touching the
screen to like read your guys comments
so what not Kevin Crowe again thank you
for the super chat means a lot I hope
you're having a fantastic day um
Angelo King pipe Andrew King pipe says
who's your favorite skateboarder who's
your favorite gay boarder oh wow Alex
Beauty oh oh they're all the Shred
Korres guys
okay he likes through the guys other
shred quarters my favorite skateboarder
you when I grew up it was Jamie Thomas
these days it's more on a personal level
uh Jason I'm a huge fan of Johnny Gosch
especially with this new video part
Johnny's part is so good so I'll say
those two it'd be hard to I don't have
it's so hard to pick what just one I've
always said Jason Park is my favorite
one though um here let's put let's set
that down for now okay you're fidgeting
you need a fidget spinner on around
because you're fidgeting um the cake
monster do we like Sam Tabor oh we do
yeah now we love Sam Tabor he's awesome
huh um let's do a few more here guys
it's I know I like wait I need to do
this more often we're actually
communicate and hang out with you guys
um so and I don't know if these comments
go to just to this or they actually get
posted later on but definitely give me
feedback on the live videos um because
you know I'm trying to get my life like
in a better working order and I am on so
much right now and doing these live
videos extremely helps me but would you
rather me do like live videos a couple
weeks or just do five videos a week
because that's pretty much what I'm kind
of trying to decide right now all right
uh Alex sfx's favorite singer um serious
singer I mean I guess I just say
Claudio just because Co he's my favorite
band yet yours too yeah I was talking to
them today about doing a video like with
you and Kyle and coheed and cambria ooh
so maybe that'll come uh right and
Matthew Beach says what is rad ride ins
favorite game what's your favorite game
to play look right here
oh don't worry iPad what's your favorite
iPad game
my favorite game I already said is
earthbound which is a Super Nintendo
game oh my gosh okay so he plays oh he
played a lot of soup of Mario run and
then he has a Star Wars battling game
and he plays a lot so those are the two
that I see and play the most yeah
cut the rope yeah yeah I'm trying to get
him on like an actual console stuff
we'll work on it though umm but okay so
I should wrap this up here in a minute
or so I'm just gonna go through the
Super chats and thank you guys again oh
my gosh I missed one matta sent says I
love your family so much that you're
being such a great role model and
inspiration to us all you all should
make a taco graphic with Ryan's face on
it thank you so much for all of that
that means a lot what would you do is
actually wearing notice it up they can't
see if you do that sit up
um he's actually wearing a taco shirt
right now the taco machine shirt but
yeah that'd be funny that'd be really
cute actually there is some clothing I'm
gonna give you a hint because this is a
pancake attack there will be some turbo
toy time special stuff no quick get put
your shirts down
no one was to your belly uh uh there
will be a a turbo toy time I'm Han
serious but your pictures on K territory
x shirts coming out with Ryan's face on
it Kevin Cogan Thank You potato
skatepark thank you me huh thank you sir
copper bullet Thank You Stark warrior 71
gruesome thank you Bryce ricard and
drunk food reviews you guys are the best
and yeah like I said if you guys like
the idea behind this like doing cute
like live streams instead of no video at
all let me know and I will keep doing
these every Monday at Thursday but
tomorrow we have a father-son fidget
spinner video which was a thing I didn't
really want to do it but I got so many
requests for it I made the best out of
it so and then Wednesday we have a
really fun where else Wednesday so
that's it is anything you want to say to
the internet before we go
have a good night and how nice gang and
Pete one step oh wow okay you put some
style on that you guys have a great day
and uh we will see you for you tomorrow
are you okay yeah you should be a stunt
man all right I'm taking off guys you
guys the best later oh my gosh what are
you doing
