oh good here
smells like more wittier than normal
that's a bad you can't say that it's not
some weird YouTube what is up guys so
I've done a lot of videos talking about
what revive skateboards does but I've
never actually talked about like what
I'm a to ride skateboards for okay I
actually didn't even mean to start a
skateboard company but like the whole
idea behind revive it actually has a
meaning
maybe not the word per se we started out
as revenge skateboards you know to walk
over here because we're just casually
we'll walk and talk in this video we
started I was revenge skateboards
because it was like the idea of like
revenge on the normal life you know like
we were out of college and we were like
well what are we gonna do we don't want
to just end up at a desk job we hate so
yeah we'll make a video called skate
revenge which means like you know have
the window at the end of the day I'm
still having fun and doing what I love
and that was the idea behind revenge I
might not make a ton of sense but that's
what made sense in our head and
eventually we hit some complications in
the name we started revive skateboards
but the theme and the way we viewed
skateboarding never changed at all with
all comes down to it we're a homey
company you know like we're just a group
of friends and we're a family friends
family whatever you want to call it
that's what we set out to be we never
wanted to be anything more than that no
matter that how the talent level is on
our team the important part is that we
are a group of friends because when you
grow up skateboarding there's a sense of
like unity with all skateboarders and
you go out you meet someone you don't
even know and you guys skateboard
together is like a mutual connection
immediately everything we did with
revive I wanted it to kind of have that
vibe that's why when you watch the
videos they're so goofy and like you
know because when we grew up we just did
a bunch of stupid stuff in front of
camera with a friend I wanted you guys
to go to watch our videos and just be
like oh yeah okay I go out and do really
stupid things and my friends too and
just take it light heartedly and have
fun that is absolutely what we do with
the revive we don't put too much thought
into anything like we literally just
have fun and do what we want to do and
it's awesome you know in websites
there's always that blurb like what do
we stand for
that's what revive stands for absolutely
107 you know the low the absolute 100%
honest love for going out skating and
having a great time with your friends
we saw way more decks than I ever
thought we would and I see it like I go
to Jimmer part of the country and I see
my board it's like it means the
world-like wholeheartedly and I
literally say this as a forever grateful
and thankful person that might be you
guys would ever like something that I
created it doesn't even make sense to me
and um it's exceeded my expectations so
no matter how big we ever get that is
always going to be the underlying theme
behind revived skateboards so I don't
want to do it I want one do a video
talking about that we're actually bout
to go do something really cool I'm going
to take you guys on for the journey
we're going to a skate and hang up in
Columbus Ohio and the reason why I
called a skate and hang because I think
a demo you know like I'm not a big fan
of like oh there's a signing all there's
a demo just because like I don't think
to say like you should watch me skate
that's like a level like I'm better than
you and the theme behind revive like
we're all one big family that's that's
why I caught a skate hang it's like no
you come skate with us hang out it would
be a good time and that's we're doing
day it's a shop careless heart up in
South Columbus Ohio I don't know how big
of a scene it is it might be in a small
town might be in a big town who knows um
but that's we're done let's go have some
fun close up close up shop got a
perfectly good skate park in here let's
go skate someone else we skate this all
the time all right I got to go grab the
best old chick because people get paid
everyone everyone gets paid but vessel
needs is checked as he has begun making
not this much another thing I truly
believe in is if one person's making
money the family should be making money
so the riders get paid even vessel he's
not pro buddies getting money he
deserves he puts in a lot hard work I'm
not stop talking let's get clumps I'm
crippled so I can't do anything
we're here and there's there's people
here they're staring at us
I've never been to the shop let's just
walk inside and see what's going on
Carol's heart skateboard thank you for
watching this for a long time and you
know the car tire blow up yes we will
literally be invited
like no yes I did it again oh yeah we're
gonna set my truck where the tire oh my
gosh
now that's a nice paint shop right here
this is great
I read you the mangas we didn't watch
you get that zoom in shock that closing
it with my ball what are you doing the
rewrite I like to hear mr. diamond there
you are thank you that's it I didn't
know I was in my head I had no idea that
was gonna be like a signing thing
everyone was super nice though you know
like I never like to assume people want
us to sign stuff because that's like
pretty much the worst person you could
be right
but super cool people it was awesome
meeting everyone and now we're gonna go
to the skate park nearby and we're gonna
skateboard so let's go it was like a
dance
Dana life of revive kind of a night in
the life of revive let's just go
oh yes I got this if I house EP orange
vinyl pretty awesome let's go hang out
we got we have blizzard there so I got
her name
thank you lady yeah car and in the
little in the deers little do the dudes
there were dudes in the process you
can't go dairy glory oh okay blizzard
probably said 299 you can get your own I
don't I like to do I won't worry so I'm
really hungry do you copy
hello this is you guys are going on my
me I'm queer folks I'm good yeah what's
up let's go skateboard and eat Oh
yeah these are the nicest people you'll
ever meet in the entire life so yet
talking my cars ready Wow if you need a
blizzard hack this is not sponsored by
Derrick Wayne anyway but you could call
maker you put you put your spoon in and
then you put the lid on the worse it's
great
let's keep let's actually try skateboard
he's going to do all the tricks weird
moving and I'll I'll fall miss the
pocket
you call me that's my board just got
eaten by the ring
don't worry can't win the flat ground
truth we've got a ollie down the drop
going down
it's waiting for him whenever he's ready
oh wait oh wait a while I'm going to get
one I totally forgot we were doing a
product toss and people have left I'm
sorry this is the moments right way too
busy and when you're a skateboarder all
you care about skating you forget to do
important things but the people here are
going to have a higher chances getting
some free stuff vessel and Alec and and
Johnny Johnny's done here vessel and
Alex and Johnny have my favorite parts
and take over the world so they get to
do this
so vessel and Alex get to do this first
I do why like 1 2 3 that is never going
to get old on set so go oh you want this
shirt
oh sorry this should hit you in the face
don't get hurt I guess any of this stuff
get into the face or watch what your
face you're watching put Mason it's
amazing
ah almost fell right have got it I got
tickled by easy almost oh my yeah right
when you did it Ryder
colles you gave it was ah we're done
here alright hope you guys liked that
video uh these are the best times coming
out to skate and hang with everyone so
hopefully if you hear we're around your
area come say what's up to us and I do
videos year all the time so hit the
subscribe button is right down there you
want to see more you just hit where it
says subscribe your side let's see more
videos and either way go skateboard
Sam's video just ended this one should
too
I walk away with planting one trick I'm
gonna be impressive it means get out my
way man
