hey can I run over your skateboard
it is bored strength test time it's been
a second since we've done one of these
hit me in the Wiener though haha its
Wiener test time how does it survive
survive thermal transdermal winner
so yeah Alex actually inspired this one
he did one that will talk about the end
of this video and inspired me to do one
here for you guys we're going to run
this over with a car with standard
trucks yeah normal trucks this is a 8.25
Erin Kyra skate everything we're gonna
do some tricks on it beforehand and
breaking it a little bit and then we're
going to run it over and we're going to
if it survives we're going to skate it
afterwards do I like it is eight point
two five to do to a time that to big
forty Bonnie I'll make it happen three
tricks right
No
two more
come in yes three six all right Alex
you're actually injured yeah I rolled my
ankle yeah so that people will see in
some surviving episode four yep we'll
get to that later all right
you're really great at not sucking
thanks buddy whoa I don't care that was
a chunky hit like I heard it was like
junk but uh well we're just warming up
oh it's my turn yeah here you go have a
camera okay three flips the hip over the
hippopotamus
this thing is a boat I'm not using
skidding 8.25 that hesitation was good
my food here no like I can't lick them
or just do it first try these pairings
we're going to roll we always do this we
complain about the bearing it's always
the same set of truck it is really old I
run it over there yeah in the trunk we
got a lot of skateboards mini-green
there's a sub back there my helmet
alright you'll see so there's got some
weight to it
skipper weighs two and a half pounds
there's kind of like 50 also there's a
quart right here so let's put on top of
the skateboard yeah let's get into the
middle of the room alright are you ready
for this right down the middle back
go slow oh my gosh oh my gosh it's going
keep going stop okay go forward a little
bit for skateboard go forward stop oh my
gosh oh my gosh preview it's not hitting
the ground dude dude Alex it's not even
hitting the ground
maybe we should part of a front yeah we
probably should do you think sitting
here Brian's gonna take a photo of it
you think sitting here will mess it up
it might warp it a bit but I'll make it
here to break that is incredible I mean
I knew it was gonna hold up and I didn't
know it was gonna like support the
weight and so crazy I would never do
this but I could fit my fingers
underneath yeah it's like this much it's
not weird to see in the fisheye all
right we got the photo it's been there's
been I Spit on here for like what like
four minutes
yeah five minutes so pull forward and
then we'll put it under that that's
higher yeah I definitely boat it yeah we
should let it sit there cliff allow it
or fit do you think it'll take another
one
actually it's like almost went back a
little bit does it feel like a
skateboard or like a favor all right
do you feel like a human I hate how's
your strawberries
a little bit more yep more more MORE yep
yep yep oh my gosh you are put of that
Brian hurry up dude if you can't read
like that that's okay let's get out here
and skateboard on it oh wow oh wow okay
so that's not a normal shape it's no but
I'm going to step on it this way
strawberries I sure feel pretty normal
but I feel pretty normal now
strawberry kickflip turkey club if you
didn't even put him back into it dude
you kept them in it's like that movie
Strawberry Fields any other thing
strawberry cake look cool okay let's do
a few tricks on this this is the air in
Cairo skate everything deck and it's
kind of appropriate because like it you
know he's skating a human and a car
skated in are you really doing this but
the skateboards
Wow
I was not expecting that first drive all
right we'll take what we'll take it
Wow just dizzy funny
Wow second try you guys are all doing
I'm gonna high-five you and everyone's
doing good today problem bearings great
yeah all right so you want to that back
to you go do one more trick and I'm not
moving my bag I know those bearings are
super strange my turn
give me a good time to talk about this
in a while it exploded you made me drop
in on this with my mini grades really in
the uterus ha ha I give the cruiser I
like all into this
oh wow this is my favorite strength test
yeah just because come in you saw it
that was awesome it feels super normal
other than the bearings next time with
comodo bearings everyone comment change
the bearings already guys okay so what
you need to do is his channel popped up
right there you need to go check it out
because he went over his board with a
SUV and a truck yeah a 100 and had a
suspension truck so that the biggest
motivation doing this is to show it's
just a normal board that our boards can
take a car on top of it but if you guys
want to see some carnage his channels
right there and he also has a new series
called dumpster diving
dr. skating film survival game it's
really entertaining so check out his
channel you like it it's actually I was
lying before it's right there right
there right now is Alex's channel go
check it out it's in the info as well
and that's it
shake that thang yeah I did what you
hear all the time so hit the subscribe
button if you wants to mean it super
easy just write down below your says
subscribe hit it and you're signed up to
see more videos
I love making them thank you guys for
watching them and I'll be back tomorrow
I think depending on when that goes up
either to another video or a livestream
tomorrow so tuning guys have a good day
peace out I'm gonna kick the car I don't
know what to do and some people just do
things realize that was pretty stupid
things do
there's not even pressure cracks over
yeah that's crazy I mean something
happened inside it like there's there's
some stress there's something something
something happen but it is in 4d darn
it's in pretty good shape it looks great
it really good I'm super proud yeah
super part of the skateboard you guys
can get this skateboard at the straight
course comm right here they pose an ad
sorry we own revised skateboards so of
course real plug it if you have a local
skate shop go there if they don't care
your vibe ask them to and of course we
have the online skate shop this red
quarter stuck on Wow thank you yeah it's
like the Boop the old days we actually
used to hurt everybody skateboard
telling out your cell out by hitting
Brian yeah
