here here oh my gosh
surprise much that was literally the
most perfect expression of being
surprised after escape all I've ever
seen in my life like when the dictionary
starts using pictures instead of words
because that's going to happen let's
face it the way the world is going
people just going to speak in emojis
gonna be terrible either way when that
happens this is nope that shit'll be the
picture or video clip that pops up at
dictionary.com I've never seen anyone
more surprised that they fell on their
skateboard than stand right there it was
like such a revelation to them I feel
like you can just put in any shocking
sentence before this and it completely
makes sense sorry Sam I'm kicking you
off provide hey Sam you're adopted hey
Dad smart cars look awesome at the same
time it feels like Sam counters just
understood everything about life that
there ever was see add some heavenly
music and he's now Yoda obi-wan I'll go
on their personal I'm sorry no offense
ego de or give it a like yours I'm just
I'm an obi-wan dude it's kind of funny
though because it looked like it could
hurt but then if you see the process of
Sam like understanding like am I in a
lot of pain right now and he's like oh
no I'm cool I'm going to get somebody
laughs about it so it's fine so there's
that and that's good these are really
the best kind of falls though I mean
they really are the ones that you don't
see coming because your body can't
prepare for it so we didn't prepare for
things things get way worse you know
sometimes tell like giving a speech just
go up there talk just go forth in fact
my father-in-law totally at my wedding
using it he's come up here and give a
speech to everyone and I had no plan on
doing it I rocked it okay just like Sam
rocked this fall all right he went up
there he fell down and it was all right
like getting a needle okay when you get
a shot when you see it happening just go
suck and then it never done but if then
just do it you know especially you're
like four years old they just give you
the shot and you're like oh it's over
cool I'm done give me a lollipop I still
do that to this day for you for all your
non skateboarders it's kind of like what
you just turn around and get punched I
don't know if that happens to you in
fact I don't think it's never happened
to me but if you just Iran got punched
really fast thank you it would not be
nearly as bad and same with this board
shot out you didn't know what's
happening also dee was on the ground
that Sam ground same grounds Gamgee I
don't know where I'm going with it when
you look at it another way
that skateboard was going suspicious
like fast like it was on mission to
destroy Sam Sam's board had it in for
him that day that is just a nun denying
fact okay go to dictionary
common-looking fact it also said it also
says that roll words exist on it but as
soon as so fast it's kind of funny is
like wait for me and of course I'm going
to do a video game graphic and I really
really want to do it but banana from
Mario Kart but I feel like well now you
see a banana from Mario Kart that's it
but if that doesn't happen I'm going to
play a race car race cars gonna trip Sam
and it's going to be great maybe I'll
just do both I don't know whatever
you're about to see is what you see what
put the app there you guys go that was
Sam through my dark slot and as soon as
I saw this fall I was like I am going to
fall Friday this because it's just too
amazing we all have these dumb Falls
where we're okay but they look so stupid
and I'm actually gonna this actually
completes my next stupid fall montage so
I'm probably next week you'll see a
montage of a collection of stupid Falls
that have not been in one video in mind
my channel so there'll be some new ones
you haven't seen to so wait for that but
I'm going to prove you that Sam cannot
only lay out a dark spot but other
tricks here's assortment of footage of
Sam skateboarding and landing stuff I
hope you like it they come on goods
coming
you did it
there you go Sam I'm so proud of this do
okay one this is kind of like Sam Taber
week on my channel he just had a dark
slide a square house Wednesday a few
days ago but uh Sam has progressed not
only progressed in his skateboarding
since I've known him but he's also like
really developed his own unique style
and ways skates and he's getting really
come to be his own dude nothing to even
ever somebody else to do I'm just seeing
him and grasp what he'll join
skateboarding and because it excel at it
do really well so if you want to see
more of this dude his YouTube channel is
in the info you should definitely check
it out he posts so much entertaining
content you get the skateboarder you're
getting a lot of awesome ridiculous
trick shot videos just entertaining
stuff all around so check it out and
then of course wait for his video part
in take over the world get some really
cool stuff if you go surprise you that
comes out a June 3rd and get ready it's
going to be good but that is it for me I
do videos here all the time guys the new
fall Fridays at least once sometimes
twice a month so tuned for that but I do
videos most days of the week so hit the
subscribe button if you wanna see more
for me it's just right down there you
click subscribe that you were signed up
and I will hurt you will have five hits
great come on you know you want to you
know you want to a bunch of people did I
get just got a lot of high fives all
once right there now I sound cocky and
I'm bragging I'm just I'm just really
thankful and excited let's just keep
going if I keep going at me end this
video and of course since it's fall
Friday I'm going to do a hot seat let's
get Casey
bechler in here it being here he might
not even be here Casey's not here
so didn't Alex buting all you know time
it is
turbos going on no it's not turbo time
to get a new share no ginger various and
yourself come on you little twisty how
are you doing today fantastic how are
you I'm doing a new terrible I'd like an
allergy in just my left eye just the
lesson how's that I think you're being
forced you lick mustard on a brining
beard or eat a taco what do you do how
grew how big of a taco
it's but these are really the best the
be Sydney good terrible face
