warehouse Wednesday jeez what happened
trick man
we have tricked what happened things
it's an inner core I already don't even
care about that it is a glorious day
outside yes it's just very nice the
shine is stunning
it's a great time to be aligned it's
sunny yeah the shining I guess get it
who's going today one of these guys
which one are not wearing white five
seconds ago I was 5 seconds you guys
blue maybe and 30 seconds ago no not
saver you're up Europe Europe you're
here was a great pleasure to travel warm
up by doing how I really want to throw
the three tricks on the flat bar you
listen to me pay attention man I want to
throw this in there yeah let's let them
just one of them no I'm not alright
you're warming up three tricks on the
flat bar then mystery challenge then
you're ten minutes nope
yes you're wrong this is a four partner
okay getting there no no no you're not
you're jumping to the fourth part the
third part is you go to land a dark
slide okay you have unlimited time just
don't suck at it and then the last part
is you're a nephew a dark slide and then
you're gonna have to transfer the dark
slide to another dark sliding obstacle
like step down step up you can go from
Fox trail I don't box the box box the
battery in ten minutes and you can do it
guys this is a new type of dark side
it's a new dark side challenge it takes
seven years yeah no it's not it can be a
little sketchy this is your first time
you're charting new territories and we
know that so it can be bad I give you a
little bad what has got it Matt do you
agree to these terms if you land it
perfect now if you land it you get to
make him eat a combination of whatever
you want into a cup Wow okay and if you
miss it it's vice versa this could be we
should go to the fridge and there's a
cup got a bunch of stuff and everyone
else gets paid and you don't is like
this you either get paid you gotta shake
things up a little bit buddy JC won 50
bucks last week oh honey everybody give
him take get some money from Katie we're
going to make a smoothie so we're going
to do if you make an opportunity
recently so we're going to make Ultima
smooth do not make it spicy
say things like that not welcome to a
warehouse you think I didn't leave up
spices on the dip
just to shake things up a little bit
we're apparently doing a lot of shaking
predict his first drink
did that slide at all I'm gonna get an
angle for this one guys
there's my foot KC $100 of you bottle
flip right here you got one more trick
they did it very well to warm Geico
mystery challenge can't wait for this
yeah it's gonna be a good one it's
actually still over what you just did
you got to do a trick on the broom in a
broom he's got a skate a broom well
where is it
aha neighbor you got a like Boris London
stand on the edge of the box you think
this is gonna break don't break it
this looks so dumb it's just bent you
did it worth 50 everything that was good
Darkseid time okay take your mouth and
put it somewhere else and then duck slug
it literally looks like you're just
putting a brew a mop in heaven I'll
leave this shot you think that's how
long do these his name is darts like the
do dark and all
oh my gosh are you kidding
what good for throw out the worst part
it wasn't it wasn't that bad I know she
could rewind to wear off Wednesday from
like three years ago and that was the
challenge you did your first starter on
accident' yeah I did
that was horrible and now you're doing
it no that's fine I mean this is just
the it wasn't the finale let me get by
oh yeah come on come on get your NASA
rocket now stopwatch here now we need
that box over there
the best thing about that is that Casey
was two minutes off he said he'll take
you two minutes to do that I thought
would take like ten and a take you two
seconds like I mean you are gonna you
smoothie oh my gosh
I put unit like hey did you got your
tire pump out to tell us they went gal
oh my Carrie oh ha ha ha oh I wouldn't
remember e lambda dot jumpy and clinky
Oh
oh wow let's scare you
hey men how you doing good we've got 7
to 13 seconds left but you've been super
pausing it nope I'm up
yes Katie you're in the other room is
not gonna go ah
how much time
eight minutes that left now six minutes
in ten seconds that was the fastest
minute of my life
got 4 minutes 47 seconds left you got it
I did do it technically I paused it you
got 4 minutes 31 seconds left but we're
going to take that actually clean it up
though
well alright still I'm still drinking a
smoothie can you still drink on smoothie
but I feel like for the for the people
okay what before and a half minutes left
to do it if you don't do it in this four
and a half minutes you're splitting the
smoothie with it it's raining they did
it again you should just kick him I
thought you were gonna move dude here
let go get me I'll get me
what like really wet look I got what you
oh I didn't know there was this much
water in it I was like that's why I
didn't feel bad throwing in the air
because it was like that much in the
bottle minute a minute a minute flat oh
I thought that was going to be good I
was like wait didn't work here seconds
left saw him one more tree on your phone
look how wet it is alright smooth the
time Brian you're in for it
good job dude thank you you also get
Casey's fifty bucks from last week's
week yeah and she was like I didn't know
what that was you know this could be
terrible if there's not a lot of options
of stuff to make oh there's cheese as
I'm just gonna fill the cup up with
ranch
I mean he's not listening to it where's
the hook no we don't well that's the
problem we don't have any well yeah
honored to do so just cool I mean look
at must later
iced tea oh dude dude what is that
Caesar dressing Caesar dressing Lobby
bad I was going to fill up just a cup of
ranch don't the dippity if I don't do
season I'm not taking a sip of it like
you're the only one drinking that's fine
okay don't defeat the mustard hot sauce
for our super of course it's a very good
for you John Mata is very good again but
mixed with mustard it's not good this is
the hottest stuff right here oh yeah put
some of that in it this is a that's
fruit punch we saw this in a 13 reasons
why this is what you're drinking at
lunch oh really okay I don't care
oh is that like a raw anger is at par
boiled with raw that's my idea
hard-boiled eggs in here to eat it's
Easter and I'm sure it was Easter
yesterday and this is like the day we
would have hard-boiled egg here we've
got a cup of lukewarm water
are you already freaking out just got
two tickets up now you see a healthy
drink
okay - we laundered water like it was
must reduce do that literally is mustard
water into water
here's don't give us we're not deterring
it up it let me hear him say so what I
think is good mustard you it literally
looks like you're peeing some honest
kids free punch me up put the whole egg
in there go away we can egg in there
just a little bit is that all right pull
it back up cool pick up I'm not I'm not
trying this you assume he's are you
throw up I feel like he's already in
like an acceptable amount of broth
midnight I'm not about to throw up I'm
thinking about it get some digestion in
there something like ruined me okay so
hot dog yeah everything's better with
hot sauce right yeah yeah and then let's
put a razor blade in there too this is
very hot dogs actually better what I uh
I mean not for the amount that you're
putting me in let's mix up this is when
I said this I'd had no idea was going to
get dis crazy I didn't either disgusting
I feel bad it becomes the final
concoction this is the grossest thing
I've seen in my life this is just look
at the egg and must
oh so you would drink something like no
I mean if we just actually measure the
people if you hand that like here have a
have a Apple cucumber through the green
apple wine Stephen I'm in smoothie would
you like some help smoothie come on try
it dude would you like some it's a
cucumber lime in ginger carrot I'm
ginger oh it's really good breathe what
green I mean it was a harness drink that
what it was so hard to take a sip of
that and act like there's raw hop Simon
you Craig he told me to man up and roar
piece of a bitch it's okay it just
tastes like very spicy weird mustard
you're it's just a very it's like a it's
a green mustard II dream I see monster
it's very spicy mustard
hey hey you did great
he's thrown up throw it up this guy has
a YouTube channel and it's right there
it's fantastic he has a lot of awesome
caught me and I don't make people do
this oh my yeah that's just on this
channel yeah and then your channels also
in the info check him out guys super
funny dude awesome skateboarder and a
good friend
oh so cute let's go apologize the dry
names yeah you were just like a you just
ended up in the mix right Akbar did you
did you throw up you're just a guy given
a lot mm that was happy I was already
for some reason exceedingly not tasty I
was already like feeling kind of sick at
the warehouse like Oh given the trick so
I would throw up like I do not want to
try it that was Horton how I can't is
probably who made the thing
you
