you see but that time yes what is up
guys it's another round of father-son
fingerboard Infini seconds we've done it
on this channel so here we are
we each have a challenge today my
challenge is I'm going to do a three
foot crew ground this bar I've done it
here and there but I've never haven't
got it on film and felt good about it I
don't think and ridin is going to do a
flip trick down the Hollywood 16 are you
ready yeah well that's what we're doing
today we're learning exactly what is the
right attitude my friend watch what's
your TV first right
I just fell onto my knit bus slid all
the way down and fell I'm going to land
Oh switch 50:50 switch Pato I was sloppy
that was not that was it riding me are
you sorting all your Legos over here
I'll just say this looks way too
organized for a five-year-old but you
are you're involved aren't you you're
doing it that's good what what they're
in here they're in jail you lost the
fingerboard well pick one of your jail
cell skateboards and tell us which one
we're going to use a meanie miney moe
catch a tiger by step okay how is
register my mom said it could get very
best for Emma
okay you finally decide Mattia use them
doing the column okay all right what's a
warm-up trick buddy what's what you want
to skate go to the Hollywood 16 all
right that guy you should do that roll
off and kind of ahlian now look look
when you roll off you got to kind of
lean like manual okay
but then make it go down to the ground
that's a start even be a little more
swab okay well you kind of did it why
don't you try it don't man you little
hole time just get to the end and then
do it okay that was it
good job you did your first little drop
didn't you
good job get oh wait can you you can't
hit that no come on it's clearly over
here and you're not gonna hit it dude
okay you hit alright now your challenge
is you got to make it spin and flip and
stuff and then land it down here okay
but so just make it literally go go like
this oh she did just trying to fling it
down the stairs and then put your hand
back on okay yeah you got the right idea
oh my gosh you started rolling this way
try not to hit the stairs you're trying
to start your trick up here okay yeah
that was that be great they'll be a
frontside bigspin that'd be awesome
put that finger pop it right there and
just make good out of there oh yes it
was like a 720 flip we'll try to get try
to smooth it up a little bit okay I
remember that magic spot right there
okay that wasn't crazy Billy that was
that would never happen really I am
using a toy machines capable race and
revived skateboards which is the company
that I own I started I are going to have
tech decks later on the year so stay
tuned for that but in the meantime I'm
gonna die on punishing work watch oh I
just head-butted you alright just hate
ooh
oh my gosh we got an idea this is gonna
be awesome
that was this is so cool all right Oh
boom three Halil oh wow
you and if someone actually tried this
there you just died
yeah yeah in real life as you would yeah
whoa oh oh yeah wow yeah are you good
are you going for it put your fairy tale
you know the real oh that was good yeah
you fell right down into the pit I would
have been in a million times or not
through the blue are you just telling
your head hahaha did it that's really
good proud of you man I can get a three
flip lipslide you got to start
practicing Holly's good and kickflip and
that trick all right I'm going for the
three flips career I'm riding sorry this
takes a long time let's see if I can do
it
nope I'm done
I'm going to do that so many times
there's no force light all day how many
times we're going to land this oh I did
it I did it
what I didn't see it oh my gosh I'm
gonna try to smooth it up because for a
second I would like with like that but
then I did that like right away wow I'm
really good at that turn right
once you do that in real life three
horses are insanely hard Wow oh dude a
lot of good tricks on accident Oh
Camacho is good haha okay I've been
trying for a while so I'm going to take
the first one which I know I think about
that I think I've had this exact same
scenario another video so I'm gonna do a
new trick I do a three flip a clip which
I don't think I've ever done I've got
this
your car I got caught
that was crazy though oh my gosh three
field back let there was he doesn't even
care
he wasn't watching I got along like
right here I'm gonna do it one more time
oh that was great
switch Baker on board what do you have
gone here at the skate park yeah it's a
skateboard jail that doesn't make sense
downside that the who goes in there not
skateboarders right now it's wicked will
encounter for any repair
oh okay so skateboarders are a lot of
skate here that please go in there and
back hoes okay so the good please are
everywhere else and they let a skate
perfect world
you're catching crooked cops dude at the
skate park so the here you guys go that
was a little father-son finger board
time and hope you guys like that
why are you touching my face we actually
do a lot more fingerboarding on our toy
channel which is turn burgers hi yeah so
if you guys want to check that it just
popped up right there you can click it
or the link at the end of the video we
do all things toys so that's what you're
into check it out and you'll see more
fingerboarding over there every once in
a while but every once we're out here
you know we'll always throw you guys a
fingerboard video so if you guys want to
see more videos click the subscribe
button is right down there it just where
it says subscribe to click it and you're
starting to see more videos and right
you're going on an adventure with your
grandma grandpa tonight right mm-hmm
okay and then I am building a ferret
cage thank you guys for watching ridin
any last words before you take your bye
pool now that's that's that server to
attend this is my channel what do you
say we all say to YouTube did the world
is listen to you right now
did you know that a happy Easter its
descriptors by like they say yes it is
right thank you
hat act okay so this is subscribed at
that happy or if they did not have a
happy easier ah desperate uh-hmm
you can make conquer ah oh wow okay I
didn't know we were inviting everyone to
our house
whoa why am i wearing out okay
well alright how is sixteen is not a
comfortable hat I know what it's like
spiky and plasticky don't doesn't that
hurt now oh you're tough or maybe your
head is just too small and actually fits
in there tickle
you
