alright there's two people already
watching what's up guys this is s weird
because now that we did that everyone
who watches this after like well they're
just not saying anything to begin uh
what's up guys we're doing a game of
skate and we're gonna give it a few
minutes so to let people actually join
it whatnot um let's see if the Oh
something paulius what's up
so yeah hang out with us for a second
and then we will get this going I'm
gonna play KC it's been a long time
since I've skated consistently like it's
been because I've been working on take
over the world or full-line kitchen done
finally of DVDs are gonna be made here
in a second and I'm scared that much
this guy is on top of a skating he's
like a great skateboard Mike I'm like a
85.2% - the comments are ridiculous look
at this hey hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi here
actually just talk to him for a second
okay ready for debriding tell me your
guys's favorite food hi from South
Africa hi everyone just saying hi give
your favorite food I want to know your
favorite foods or if you're eating food
right now - I'll show you a bunch of
food might pop them in a second so dude
look at the things Pizza Pizza Pizza
awesome not you've lost it I see okay
yeah okay
what time we even do it for a min and a
half everyone's leaving pizza right now
I do you asked him what they're getting
dude I just did a video with this guy
and we did spicy salsa and I'm good I'm
working on a handicap right now because
I might like insides are pretty pretty
hot hello dudes this is good my so
fastly fawcett weight falls awesome Matt
what's up meow
Cody Lewis pictures I don't have a
picture for you KFC cake yeah
captain shark like turtles I was just
sort of like naming them off and I
realize it's probably that idea um yeah
okay
what time is it can we technically get
going sure it's ok it's 2 o'clock - OH -
it's 2 o-two - it's ok so let's get
going you might you're gonna flip this
camera by going like this but no you
grab it okay I got you okay alright flip
it alright to see who goes first
it's we're doing two out of three so you
have to win twice and you got it on four
so paper rock scissors shoot ridin says
rock paper scissor what do you say
scissors I say paper X I don't say
anything I just do it hi are you say
rock paper scissors then I say favorite
right suppose maybe it may be that hello
man the chat is exploding God takes
viewing first Casey's did Casey usually
wins we're gonna play - he's good he's
laying like you wanna watch everything
yeah I win sometimes are you doing first
I'm hungry great want to go oh my gosh
move them aboard I won't
prizefighter for that's awesome thank
you blankie tray he will land some
sloppy ones yes you would watch it it's
gonna be me but he held onto it like
it's a really good first try trick that
Oh drag but I'll give it to him no it's
gonna great
it's like Matt Allen what's up dude
Russia
oh okay workplace you shout out to
Sweden if I just get obliterated we'll
play two games I'm at - I'm Mak hey
what's up dudes low pro pop shop I from
Ohio I swear we love
oh and he's coming in coming in heavy oh
I got you I got you I got you
I don't got you the chat is insane BAM
flip didn't do it what's up Denmark
shout out to Wisconsin Columbus I'm just
gonna start saying stuff the gaming King
what's up dude
Australia utterly mess there we go
there we go Vermont Norway Pittsburgh
Nebraska UK jeez got some very work
grease guess we're playing live you feel
like you're putting they're coming
probably missed a kickflip Chicago
Germany
Oh Alex and Jonathan are the best we're
in Italy - you look good
here we go
Andy and I play that if you do a
kickflip in a game of skate you miss it
you automatically lose to skateboard
your TV sets
that's the Brian and Andy rule dark
warrior thank you so much that's awesome
Dubai geez what do we hold on hold on
okay now we you got you got to put you
got a phone call the middle this and
it's freakin canceled it out so we're
good we're die though we're good
yeah live again when they went out live
and went back alive I think that messes
up everything we gotta go to airplane
mode that's terrible who to call me
prizefighter for is awesome thank you so
much dude it owns it automatically hey
ain't enough ain't nothing I'm like
screaming at you guys we get super close
in an e key he make an honourable Casey
you gotta be honorable
Lucas I appreciate it buddy clothes i
tre flip they'll be so hard and I used
to do full speed trips which is deadly
but if possible oh my gosh this is the
easiest trick you could ever do
Brendon I appreciate it switch frontside
flip alright
Aries you're awesome thanks dude and you
did trick
you're not counting with like like
faking Saba snake's body language counts
more than that trick oh I love you -
Joshua prizefighter for thank you super
rad cookie gaming
there you go double flip
come on case you got you got that was me
I'm Tony I'm coming they giving ski man
okay do that Ritter case you don't got
all right Andy's at t Casey's got ass
oh you got you in a skating that's
awesome is so amazing to hear dude
seriously
there you go backside flip you got keys
there it is there is a game of skate
Andy versus Bryan it's on Braille
Channel and it destroyed me it's the
worst video ever
wait lame user on a backside Club
perfect there was savage queen what's up
dude good full cab Luke Evans I
appreciate that buddy thank you
nope
all right Casey's got K and he's got T
how old am i I'm 32 years younger that
was a beautiful frontside flip we held
onto that it's true
wait who's right these guys you're going
there you go big Frank sighs all right
nope
hi mzt Casey's got a it is T to see your
beauty yeah right
t to see I'm just one yeah
dark warrior 71 awesome thank you so
much I counter I am heavier the res
right now they're playing really well
it's a good game CAM heal the gaming
King I don't want you to go buddy stay
man the cat is doing awesome
yeah so good
perfect Jack believe it or not I do wear
socks Thank You Kieran my vacation was
amazing but it's going to be back and
back to work
oh you know you don't need very spacers
and I can alive you don't sorry I'm not
getting all these comments guys it's the
chance just flying nemesis thank you so
much as amazing thank you
kealan I did find them self my office
yes nerve like just spasm right up from
my arm how many people are there 831
Benjamin I appreciate that buddy hey
there it is half cab dude dude he's got
pretty good yeah we're trying this was
the most weird game of skater
pick fresh focusing well you can do that
when we should oh yeah success watch
land let's learn like ten drive here
Emily I'm gonna let you all right what's
up guys
dude Casey you could do it you do do
this Casey hey thanks John chimp chimp
puck he thinks I'm a spoiled prick
do it oh my gosh
nemesis thank you I know it's going
really fast oh you got a few more chives
um whoever Joshua my shoulder is fine
it's a it's been good for a while it had
a little like weird thing the other day
but I'm I'm back to normal
Oh Casey three more tries hi okay hey
what's up Andrew prizefighter dude thank
you so much you've an awesome name - by
the way prizefighter come on Casey Urban
secret says come on yeah I pull your
foot really far back and then just as
hard as you can double flip and the half
cab kind of does itself yeah
like pull it back a little further than
you think like back this way
this is it
yeah even farther than that dude give it
one more try
pull it back further then hey marina
thank you I came back somehow well
you'll get it that'll be another video
Thank You Casey I'll put your info I'll
put your channel in the info when this
is done thank you dude prizefighter man
thank you so much let's all do a cue a
prizefighter thank you that means a lot
for the the super chef thank you yes
we're come up here well it's good
lighting I'll sit on that you think so
it's like this is where like I caught
heaven because it's just like a big
white skylight yeah we should go over
there
you're gonna go let's you ever there
house walk we can walk ah
hey thank you Logan we're gonna do a Q&A
real fast guys so I just like let you
guys chat and ask us questions but this
is what I'm gonna do pretty much every
Monday I think and even maybe some
Thursday's because I'm gonna tone back a
little bit on my uploads and I'm gonna
fill them in with live chats you wanna
get behind us Casey toes throw something
at Casey Casey lost overthrowing the
game he thinks you through the game has
a lot of people saying I need another
example I don't think he threw the left
foot I think you uh were trying to
really hit a trick that like was like a
good either was a challenge for you or
there was something that I could that
wouldn't get blown out once we get it
over back that floats but I can do many
more I landed one was that against you I
think like recently in a game of skate
weird stigmatism right now probably
Brendan's at preschool Branson preschool
reading yeah my left pinky toe
Lukas I don't know who you're asking how
do you get into Magic the Gathering ass
Ryan um I was into magic in Star Wars
cards before skating so magic and Star
Wars cards got me into skating really
because that's I've looked arted skating
from the comic shop she has it really
you nope no no Pokemon no you yeah but
I'm like I'm psyched that right into the
Pokemon like the cards Joseph uh Sean
Kelly says why do you ride a horse when
you skate that's just how I was made
I've been making that joke for a long
time it's true
I'm gonna get that joke since before you
three upload to that news forum account
yeah try any truck rides horse Bryan
Ames chia-pet they'll be the best thing
the time I'll be amazed josh why
somebody make that happen
beer just grew even AMA green that'd be
pretty awesome Andy is 33 3 Cori James
you guys can be pump to skate what it's
raining out here I live in Seattle so
that's Kate but curiously through you
guys that's awesome that's like I said
all the time and that's like you know
that's what makes me and I'm sure the
other guys feel like we're like doing
the right thing with all this stuff so
I'll be in Seattle in September buddy
well let me see if there's any did ya
prizefighter prizefighter for and also
roll oh yes oh my god you do you talked
about the three okay um of what age is
Casey Casey you're like 23 23 yeah it's
a fresh out of college on stuff kinda
not really fresh in two years yeah two
years ethical he rocks college that an
inch came her for us I'm nine years ago
um alleged fans work for you we've had
internships a storm gray ask them yeah
we've had internships Michael the intern
was the most notable with one in the
actual videos um the others didn't want
to be on camera
so we of course weren't gonna blow him
up Michael lives by me like I see him oh
really yeah I said he was somewhere he
was like Ali's part wasn't he
I don't know if he goes there one
another I need a sock dolly actually um
I'm not doing a head he got do it now
all just riding us five years old
whoever asked that I went by really fast
rip audio is is that something wrong
with the audio guys can you guys hear us
well they sighed my beard yes if you
could hear us
my hands maybe how are you doing knowing
oh yes yayyy
I'm yeah yep there's a yes okay so I
don't know I might have covered the mic
on accident one point there yes thank
you guys for the yeses uh Brody asked
can ride in Ollie and know he has a
really good solid pop but he hasn't like
learned how like jump and slide his foot
appropriate yet but he's he's really
getting there I'm super proud of him
he's been skating a lot more recently
cuz he's got this thing or like he
doesn't like he like gives up too easy
on stuff and so we working on riding his
bike and skating and like kind of
dedicating like making sure he
progresses whatever thing he's doing and
he just chose to do skating a bunch so
he's been doing good shoutout to to
costs in Dubai do a trick on the five
stair um I did some what I do like I
just like notice of the rail for the
video we did dude prizefighter thank you
for the super chat and is your name
really after the after my my brother
prizefighter whatever it is gonna be
amazing if it was shout-out to the
person who settles a good but microchip
favorite Coheed album is in keeping
secrets to answer your question
what
darkslide I've done a lot of dark slides
videos recently and actually I uh I'm
gonna do a livestream where I try the
three flip dark if you go to my
Instagram but there's a clip of me
sticking the three flip dark lipslide
and I want to land on that so I'll
probably do some some Instagram sessions
where I actually just try and you guys
can hang out with me Andy is switch tre
a basic trick i yeah I would consider it
like a basic trick but I would consider
it like the top of the basic tricks by
noticing you need health benefits from
electing buses dodging hot peppers no I
found the opposite though your nose is
cleared now
jeez those peppers destroyed me and
specifically saber saber was getting
annihilated by these he's gay no that's
awesome yeah that's awesome prizefighter
I'm going I think when you go to the
Tennessee show I'm Kody because I have
to get this gonna this tour I got to hit
the guys up because I was talking to the
label and um I they wanted me to do a
video with him so we'll see I did manage
to get Coheed for my song and take over
the world and I'm not going to say what
song but I uh that's on Sam
his bright name is married I heard I
thought so my just asking about me I'm
married yeah you are married gaming Bros
two seven one congratulations and Olli
dude that's awesome see ya so thank you
I'm Bob my videos hyped you up on
skateboarding it is such a fun thing
skateboarding is one of the things
that's like you didn't you never like
max out you know you always have a new
goal to do or create and it's you always
feel progression and satisfaction is
just awesome skateboarding is magical
not only pressure inward inward heel I
would never want to do a nollie pressure
but I would rather pop it and I I can
barely do that on the ground I get it on
a hip way better
what don't thing about the res this year
they're playing great they lost last
four but they won last night yeah we're
doing I did they hadn't yet they're
still doing good oh that's awesome
so he's gonna be at the Nashville show
that's I'm hoping cuz it's like next
week Brad I might be out of town next
week okay I might actually take right in
I might actually take riding down to the
show because I want to do like a like a
father-son rock show video and with
Coheed well be fun
now he's there he wants to meet him he
keeps saying that he's gonna put on a
suit to me that's like it's like a rock
band you know it's so like yeah they
would probably love it they because I
budget most of the band follow me on
Instagram so they see like I'm sure they
see some of the videos I do the Reds are
half game out of first place so they're
doing pretty well they're doing pretty
good yeah
all right let's do a couple more
questions I gotta go I go by a memory no
new battery for my new camera and then
in a memory curve a Brian I have one for
you Morgan smiley thank you so much
that means the world all the support
guys seriously um Oh Mike Chet I think I
gotta go buy a salt blade
I have the jigsaw I figured out how to
barely make that that's gonna circular
salt work there like what is he talking
about
all right oh wait yeah so master crush
all right a few more questions what's
your favorite rap Brian D I don't like
rap so much crap I mention this video
today I'm listening to a lot of MF DOOM
right now you've always listed them no
not as much I've always been like a huge
gangster fan yeah but specific right now
MF do is you talk about hey LOM
oppressed fighter cool yeah thanks for
hanging out prizefighter um I will be
there if you see me there I'm planning
on being there if you see me there say
what's up um oh somebody else was my
favorite video game I'm sorry it went by
so fast I'm real sorry guys my favorite
game is earthbound I think the greatest
game of all time is finally a c7 and
with breath of the wildest close second
I've been breath through the wild took
over as my favorite video game of a
favorite oh well never mind I used to be
earth bound gosh
now spot the wild earth meanders that'll
never be thrown to me Brian list a
childish gambino I could actually back
that I don't know if it's your style but
I like him I haven't checked it out my
new - yeah he's uh he's awesome he's
looking at me he's act an actor - um
he's um Denis Lindo oh okay
yuk it up Holly skatepark liked our post
um who's your bag I don't I've been
following battle barracks ten so much
but I'm gonna root for Cody just because
I know Cody is awesome because I level
won it last year right
yes and I said I know seven he's awesome
- and I was like all right so Cody
didn't win seven one that's awesome but
not want Cody to come back so that's who
I'm writing rooting for
what's your is accurate well says what
your favorite skatepark um ski park
there's a lot of good ones I don't
really like it I didn't stay away he's
gonna could then look California twice
I've never gone to escape her uh yeah I
like I like Westchester a lot in LA I
trust a word from skatepark songs like
the mine yeah this one um I don't know
it's super tough like black diamond in
Philly was awesome I would have said
that was really cool but it's not
anymore
friggin Woodville oh yeah what goes
Oprah's gone if what Bill was in Toledo
Ohio best indoor park ever but it's gone
it's been gone for are you going to be
in California soon as Connor Bryant and
I think I'm gonna be there next but yeah
in May I think so
there's a chance I'll be there in June
is I'll be filming Sam we are amend
stuff well last question last question
what do you think of my youtube name
rolling talker I like that name oh yeah
this is you team name suit so that's not
the last question that's an awesome that
is an awesome hood um
Andy okay here we go Chris Kilgore says
Andy how do you feel last we're about
last Wednesday when you got played dirty
by all Casper's I did you saw that
agent Alex was Alex knew he was super
dirty and he didn't he normally doesn't
do that that's not really I was gonna
bum because I like really wanted to give
it effort I want to play get a skating I
just so happened to miss all of my
Casper flips yeah yeah that's what he's
best at so I don't know I'll make I'll
embarrass him next time it's his where
else Windsor but I always like I'm not
like mad at him but I was just kind of
that's a bummer d double flip yeah
double flips are depends on one playing
I probably should in double flip you I'm
sorry I've done it before I have double
flips better than cash first oh yeah now
late flips that's gray area too I could
not only trail a football yeah right
okay thank you guys for watching
new videos tomorrow and then of course
Wednesday where else Wednesday's coming
up I'll be doing more of these we're
live streams so if you guys liked it
make sure you give this video a thumbs
up or whatever this stream give it a
thumbs up whatever I don't know what you
do on this there are thumbs going up
right there so that's a good sign but
you guys have a great day
go out and skateboard if you're here in
the Midwest the weather is gorgeous so
you have no excuse sure so all right
goodbye thanks guys here's the awkward
time where I struggle and you guys just
see my face
