YouTube what is up guys notice we are
holding weapons it's because can we
break it is back we came prepared we're
trying to break something it's already
broken internally so don't worry about
that this is just a physical test this
week a dusty printer because printers
never lack printer is really the worst
product out there my printer breaks like
every like 20 times using it I picked my
internet I hate printer this is my point
okay but this is one of the many
printers that broke and instead of just
throwing it out like normal people we're
going to break it like like normal
people so there's three phases here we
got the drop test or to do a couple drop
tests and basic abuse and then we're
going to skateboard on this see how many
tricks we can do and after that if it's
still in one piece which probably will
be this chunk of plastic that I think
it's going to tear this glass there is I
think we I think we're gonna be able to
go to the destruction phase which is
using all these weapons so are you guys
ready yeah
let's go to drop test alright basic
Wow it's like hey I'm here
I hope this great glass does not shatter
on these drop tests because that doesn't
most annoying thing about these videos
the glass yeah it's very old kilter
ready yeah why was that in there noise
why what is it why is there always Lego
stuff white Lego things oh it's flying
at decision this wasn't in my Frenchman
community printer the company's first
printer copy okay how about like a robot
or certain the Lego in it that makes
completely go yeah alright let's try to
get this back on because we need to have
to protect them to glass who wants to do
is a walnut all right let's get the wall
wall test get right crush that little
you get her side heck yeah
durable thing
you can do better than that that was a
baby
oh you ejected the paper tray of
requests all you did break the glass
Brian that's never going to get that
terrible one would argue more I just
shattered it should we just say just
remove the glass yeah that probably
smart I think this is like the most
broken something's gotten from the abuse
phase you're stuck all right everybody
at home trying to be safe don't put on
kitchen gloves
Andy way better the ribbon should I keep
that in there okay check you better be
good feel good punching inanimate
objects is great
there's plungers too great nutrition if
you just get your hand with that's like
that's a recipe for the worst situation
the world you know that's not a toilet
right dude I just just put that on all
right I get for trick sure no money on
the person
another thing back on this day
I'm bet money that you were gonna do 500
first right oh no you lost money video
money through now
that's not good it's probably gonna last
that long
destructive 501 oh my god I destroyed
them I hardly even punch at you this is
the worst build thing we've ever had on
this series I felt like I'm not all
right I'm done knows one in what paper
tray nothing happens
after that's a gold miner either
well short
there's one trick I'm going to land
he's not gonna be able to throw to room
I think we're done with it this bait
that problem just bright do the same
we pretty much don't need to do the
destruction phase but I brought a
samurai sword so I'm hitting it I'm
hitting that last piece of chunk this
just confirms my belief that printers
are the worst things in the world like
our cars can drive itself but printers
can't last of those ones come on the
whole rate cut of my body for now so now
you're durable that just that just pays
me off that paves me off of that survive
we're done here
printers suck if you guys have one works
out there consider yourself lucky they
break on me all the time without us
skating it but uh this was a nice so
into as many churches normal but this
was one of the more fun can we bring my
group that was fun super fun so all you
guys channels are down in the info
please check them out everyone killed it
pretty much I did the worst so
definitely check these do stuff and then
I do videos here every single day so
right down below or to subscribe click
it and your sign up to see more videos I
appreciate you guys watching and as you
guys until tomorrow alright
new cases can twenties up the something
job this is the worst time I played it
up it's everywhere he's like these don't
really are in Jurassic Park they're like
where's that guy and he's like oh thank
you no not now is blog about be better
devil talk not put the leg under my hand
says goodbye
what didn't
and we have Brian incident free throw
gosh
