we're the skate park Titan we got are
you alright is a busy it's a crazy busy
day today for me seems like yeah I got a
lot of something to do
I'm leaving for Florida tomorrow and I
got a lot of stuff to wrap up but first
I'm going to skateboard of the skate
park cuz I got to make a video for you
guys and then I'm going to go home a
little guy and hang out him because not
gonna see him for two days that's gonna
be super tough
you don't ever you don't travel away
from you little guy that much do you
know we are for Li ECMO yeah you're
about to be me yeah I named my
skateboard see if you guys see this
elephant because Browns leaving the
house right and walked up and it was
like I got this for you take it to work
that so there's work yeah when you're
five year old give you something you're
diggin well I have 30 minutes you
promised opposed to a live stream for
YouTube so let's see a major thing to do
if there's like three tricks you like
wow and it's a bad skateboard but if I
do like pain you're like not bad Andy
okay there's your comment alright the
Omega for you I'm going to do a bunch of
stuff I would used to do because I'm at
the Gators place how about I do any
tricks on you do stink I'll be it's not
a good video on your channel
Kenny I'll even know if I can do any
tricks right I'll do a back baby
I've done that at suck right now
I at the first circuit landed it when a
yeah how is ILO strange to something to
three Bob of the boy
I thought it was really good in the
beginning to started strong yeah well
the good one and I didn't know if I can
I feel like I'm pretty sure did
I know pops god my legs are jelly jelly
what time I was weird how did I you put
all the capability that they givin me
trouble today
oh yeah right
yeah I'm fine I think gosh I heard like
Mike pANSA media really NAT haven't I
had my knee pretty horse he your knee
sores
destroy my ankle first shot went off I
did bad I struggled with like everything
in the second we got here got gloomy
which it's dryly but it's like a downer
to the session immediately it's kind of
I'm so sick of dark gloomy skies near
Cincinnati that's all we've had all year
okay oh whoa good but now I got to do a
live stream real fast like I do live
free screen for a live stream for save
or two and I got to go pick up my guy
and we'll continue this part of the
episode we're live streaming we are yeah
we just did what mine and even watch
that but now we're doing one of the
sabers so I meet YouTube is literally
YouTube video different YouTube videos
staring at each other true so before I
go I'm doing a secret project with saber
I can't I can't talk about it computers
now if you could talk about its own this
clip is pointless and I'm not going to
stop calling it before fall wow you're
immediately comfortable shoe that was
school good what you learn he says that
every day that's what forget means yeah
do you know where dad's going tomorrow
yeah
Beach I am going to the beach I'm going
to Florida the reason I'm going is
because I've been working on take over
the world my skateboard companies DVD
and digital download our full-length
skate video for three years and that's a
long time and it's been driving me crazy
it's been awesome but it's been driving
me crazy
so I'm going to the beach for like a day
and a half pretty much every long are
staying here for from the time being we
have family and Beach vacation like next
month so it's not like they're missing
out on much it's going to be hard
are you mad at me for leaving yeah you
know so you wish I stayed I know buddy
I'm gonna miss you too my face time you
a bunch and we're gonna hang out today
aren't we yeah what do want to do plan
we have to stand aside because try not
to rain but we're going to have a good
time we're going to bring you guys along
for the journey where do we do and
fair enough it was a puzzle all right
sure cool - we're doing a ninja turtle
puzzle turtle puzzle time all right
looks like we're gonna price this part
that you care where we are I thought a
corner
I found a corner all right there's one
it has begun
we're hasn't it one we're gonna be
probably this year ah I'm a big deer you
me Pikachu for Halloween
well that'd be cute this is a very
confusing thing to do this on but we
totally got the edge made now it gets
easy right oh there's your car here hi
Rebecca
oh we could I like your pose like you're
doing a trial almost done aren't we the
final pieces where's this one go Oh high
five
it's gonna fall how did how did that
stay together I was so ready for that to
fall and you'd be super upset the Power
Rangers yeah name de jour de buddy did I
know my I know my TV shows we totally
squint our mess but we're going to go
downstairs first game run so hey my idea
look my idea is that you're gonna tell
me three sentences and I've got a I got
to make a song out of it you won't do
that
well joke what don't deserve do there's
carbon board okay so here it is you're
gonna pick three sentences and I'm going
to stick him I'm going to turn it into a
song I'm prepared or practiced I'm just
gonna kind of wing it so what are your
three sentences ah maybe whatever you
want buddy yeah fine
Kim fell off the bus but we go catch one
and early on the cross fell off the
wheel on the car fell off why is
everything falling as you can uh
then we shall appear why didn't you look
I don't need to okay all right so Tim
fell off the bus the wheels fell off the
car what's the third one
don't you follow again and twist are the
world ought to dissolve so suit let's do
the cat trick on the rope which is
another fall by the way we just didn't
use the word fall this is a negative
song geez so 10th off the bus the wheels
off the car the cat's tripped on the
rope
here goes nothing guys will come off the
jar
oh the car but the catcher's down the
road
yeah the Catanzaro bad is no joke a trip
the cattle boat the last as we're not
not a joke
he fell Oh and that was the punchline
here Joe Frank was super fun so we do
this all the time we don't have film
like these goofy ideas but this is a
good idea that we should do a whole
video father-son guitar song you on do
is one you'll have to pick up a bunch of
stuff lyrics okay you can read them down
oh how that not right now will do on a
whole video sometime so if you like that
idea of those are let us know in the
comments and give this video a thumbs up
I'm actually going to end this video
here but I do videos all the time I have
a video coming tomorrow and you'll see
most most days I do videos sometimes I
do live streams instead so if you want
to see more hit the subscribe button
down there I'm always doing videos of
this guy and then do a lot of
skateboarding and stuff too so I hope
you guys enjoyed this view thank you for
watching it means the world that you
guys do watch the videos Ryan come say
goodbye to YouTube
no come say goodbye shake their face
that was way too close we're gonna talk
about personal span don't worry yeah
what
wanna pop right okay three things
okay oh I don't know how I guess what do
you got for me
great yeah okay sit down devil and head
fell off goodbye and their wheel fell
off that car right
you
