YouTube what is up guys so I am at the
beach for a couple days I finished my
work on take over the world and I pieced
out I just went to the beach I'm in Key
West Florida I've never been here before
it's pretty cool I've pretty much just
been working hard about laptop like on
the beach which has been awesome but and
that's what I want to do but at the same
time it's like I'm still working but
this video is a QA as you most likely
guess because you follow my Instagram
you saw that I asked you guys to ask me
questions and I'm going to go through a
handful and I'm just gonna answer them
and then tomorrow I'll be back in the
swing of things with some skateboarding
and skateboarding slash hang out with
riding video I don't know so let's get
right into it the first question is from
Hannah Torrance who skates she's awesome
she lives in New Zealand I think either
way should asking me if I will ever
visit Australia or New Zealand and I
will be so shocked
by the end of this whole YouTube revive
journey if I don't end up in at least
Australia because I want to so for sure
I have to say yes I think I will this is
my view by the way this is what I'm
looking at which feet are kind of weird
let's put that out there I'm not weird
enough my feet but some people are we're
going to keep going Emily and Mitchell
asked what kind of things you have from
Zelda and I'm going to say treasure from
Zelda because she's talking about a skit
it's a friend she was like in the other
room when I was filming this weird skit
back in the day and she was like
treasurer from Zelda so it's called the
google it skit or something I don't know
okay what's going cuz I've been google
it and Roush rock it'll probably come up
zone bit ask how much of your day is fun
and how much your days work a lot of
times the work is super fun but the gist
of my day which you probably can tell if
you watch a day in life is I wake up and
I go to go to the warehouse or I take my
little guy to preschool then I go to
where else and then I do emails and
whatever business work I got to do Brian
Eames is always throwing stuff that I
need to handle personally sometimes I'm
working with him so we get all that done
before lunch and the lunch is around 11
o'clock and after lunch I usually wrap
up paperwork and stuff but a soon after
we go into video mode and video mozo is
fun like filming videos we love doing
it's the most authentic thing ever like
I know we like make some ridiculously
cheesy stuff that's on purpose and it's
just it's fun
and then I go into dad mode at 4 o'clock
and then about 9 o'clock when I put the
little go to bed I go back into editing
mode and edit for a handful of hours
every night so I don't know I would say
when I'm actually just editing and doing
computer work that's like less fun but
most of the day is pretty fun I mean I'm
very thankful now it's a big exhalation
I hope that's what you were looking for
it's getting hot out here real fast
Demetriou we can honk at by a boat what
is that or is it possibly a semi-truck
I've known it was a loud thing near me
Demitri tow Ella
I think I'm murdering them sorry what is
your greatest accomplishment in
skateboarding and personally just the
fact that I'm in my early 30s and I'm
still putting out a video part right now
I bet that's not a huge accomplishment
to me but really when it comes down to
it just the sheer amount of people that
have told me that they started
skateboarding from watching my videos
that means the world every time I hear
that it's like I know a lot of people
probably think that because I get a lot
of comments and messages people tell me
things whole time it means less but it
doesn't when I hear that it's just
literally as I was like it just keeps me
going like man I'm doing the right thing
with all this because I love
skateboarding and any any positive
repercussions I can hear from what I do
and what a positive effect it has it's
awesome hits you right in the heart puts
a boxing glove on and just punches me
right in the heart there's people
walking over here they're going to think
I'm super weird I'm going to keep going
though
Vincent Erickson says what's up with you
been riding in that dub commercial I
literally jumped off my couch I saw was
the first time yeah I got I've always
wanted to get into acting it was just
always a dream mind to be and I'd like a
movie or a TV show
not really commercials I don't really
think about like that but I got the
offer to do the dub commercial and they
were super nice and I got to be in it
with my little guy and my wife so I was
just like well this is a no brainer
because I've always want to get into
acting work these people are nice and I
just I jumped at it comes to is
literally a dream come true for me and I
would totally keep doing stuff like that
too a lot of people were like yo you're
so loud like I get that every now and
then I'm like that's like if you sell
out is when you do something you don't
want to do for money like just for money
with me I wanted to do that I didn't
need the money that's a bonus that's
cool but like I wasn't that's not why I
did it because I get offers for stupid
things okay we sell these cheese
crackers on your YouTube channel you
know I'm not I don't
cheese Tigers are fine but I'm not going
to sell cheese crackers if I did that it
would because like I was in a spot where
I like I was like financially unstable
and I had to take something which of
course you know when it comes down to
everyone
do but I don't need to do that I'm going
to try to stay true to myself so you see
me and random commercials up that means
I got a really good vibe from the other
offer it was good people offering it to
me and it's something that I'm generally
interested in doing even if it's a
product that doesn't make sense which
job has been using their stuff and it is
a shampoo and conditioner and one that
works so I wasn't I didn't feel like I
was selling a product that was like
false like it's a great product you know
the huge reason why I did is because it
was a chance to be like a dream come
true for me so if you want to call me a
sellout wait till I'm actually selling
something super stupid that you clearly
know that I don't actually care about it
is so hot I'm going to be a pull sweat
by the end of this video
all right Gunnar Lewis 5 1 101 asks
favorite superhero and I would say Iron
Man and I feel bad because it's not
because the comic it's solely because of
the movie Robert Downey jr. kills it but
I do read a handful of the comics I
always have here and there I wish I had
more time for it if I was going to base
it just in the comics I would say
spider-man he's awesome and I feel like
I don't know spider-man just has a
special place in my heart but overall I
would say Iron Man right now because we
could Robert Downey jr. people Sam
Johnston asks when can we expect that
second book of yours and I'm oh my gosh
the original reason to come down to
Florida was to write just for a couple
days straight right and I'm so behind on
life and I was like you know what I feel
I could be better if I just added a
bunch of videos and kind of got ahead of
myself which I've been doing great and
I'm just so touched up right now on
whether how I want to write this book
because my first book that I published
was as like it's a fictionalized version
of me growing up but it's like 98%
absolutely true I just changed names and
like a few changes here and there to
make the story flow and I'm hesitant to
write keep writing about my life because
I didn't think my first book would do as
well as it did and I got out there and
like it's like how much do I want to
open up my life so the second one I will
write it but it's probably going to be a
little more percentage fictional like
the themes will be what I went through
but I don't want to really open up
everyone else's lives either I don't
want to like tell everyone in the world
about everyone else's lives when they're
not necessarily want me to do that so
you'll get the gist of it and I'm going
to write I'm going to keep writing it
I'm going to write it no matter what
it's just a question whether I publish
it or not so I would like to think that
you'll get it by the end of the year I
know I keep pushing things off but right
now that's my next project after this is
to make an EP like a music EP
and a book so that's what I'm working on
after take over the world in addition to
all the revive in YouTube so Katsuki bro
3 says were you scared to start your own
company if it was going to succeed or
not no I wasn't scared at all I didn't
actually want to but it was more like an
annoying thing like I did not want to
sort of come be that's a lot of work and
I've never had huge dreams of running a
business and stuff so I did it thinking
it wasn't going to succeed I just
thought it was going to be like
something that we sold a few things here
and there but was going to be big so I
didn't put a lot of effort or like
concentration into it and then when it
just kept selling out I was like alright
wait I think this is something so I got
with Bryan Ames and I was like I've been
doing this for like a year now but I
think together we can run this really
properly so I brought him on I got
serious he got serious and it was
awesome ever since and I actually like
running a company I wish I had more time
to do the smaller stuff but right now
I'm so busy I just kind of make big
decisions and guide people on what to do
with it which is awesome but I love it I
love every step I just wish I could get
my hands a little more dirty I used to
sweep the warehouse every single day and
I do not have time for stuff like that
anymore Alfie Sims '08 says how do you
come up with designer product ideas is
there a process or just randomness love
your videos thank you I'm glad you like
my videos I'm going to keep making them
I was like an autopilot response that I
mean it but yeah so ideas are really
random sometimes from playing out things
but usually I'm so busy that like it
comes down to the beating where we have
to come to decide the direction I'm
going to go in and I literally just like
this and I'm like uh how about this if
that's not the thing I'll do it again
and usually come up with some sort of
concept that that jp's like he's the
artists that does most of our stuff he's
like I think I can do something of that
and Bryan I'll chime in like I think has
a great idea but I mean a lot of the
stuff just cook just off the top of my
head on my superhero Dex let's do a food
series a queer ones a burger ones a taco
ones a bagel but it's actually my cat
kids my cat's name bagel so that was its
just weird stuff I guess I bet how's my
head I always say that I'm not actually
talented anything I'm like mediocre at
best at everything I do in my life like
coming up with weird ideas on the spot I
will say that that's probably one of my
actual talents I can do it I think now
that sound cocky I suck JP Garcia asks
who's awesome gosh I love JP when you
come down here to stay with us again bro
I don't know I didn't get an invite for
the major thing last year because I
wasn't like as big of a deal so I would
love to I would love is also stop
sweating I'm like a pool
so I don't know I guess I'm probably
going to hit up the major dudes or even
JPM I am coming down it might be this
year it's not definitely next year I
know that's a crazy statement to say
because it's only April but this is this
year's already pretty filling up selling
pretty fast dh2 8:1 for drew my dude
says if you didn't go and revive I'm
answering a lot of friend questions I'm
sorry they just come they're literally
popping up in from my face if you didn't
co-own revival or do youtube what would
you want to do and I would probably just
want to write because that's what I main
focus was before YouTube and and revive
I loved video games to have a job
somewhere in that world would be cool
but I definitely be creating something
that's one thing in my life like I have
to be creating and building and just
like feeling like I'm accomplishing
something or progressing so that's the
important part
sandi pants eight says you record upload
the same day or do you record then
uploaded the next day by the way I think
you should do more story time videos I
like them Thank You sandy pants I'm
definitely undo more story time videos
but it's been pretty really good they're
super easy to make but I definitely do
not record and upload the same day
sometimes I upload a month after I've
made a video that's not that common but
definitely a week or two sometimes
sometimes it's the next day very rarely
it's the same day though so right now
I'm like five videos ahead of myself
like I have like five videos edited I
also do two channels you got to keep in
mind I do a toilet channel which I do a
lot of planning sometimes I got a knock
out three videos in one day sometimes I
can't film videos for two days you never
know with my life Alec underscore MV
underscore six one nine says what's your
favorite sport that's not skateboarding
and I would probably say I mean to watch
baseball like I love going to a baseball
game I also like bats well I used to
play basketball on oath kid but man I
wouldn't I wouldn't not to go back to
skateboard and Bible just wouldn't be
able to like function without
skateboarding it's been two days here in
Florida I'm like I want to skateboard so
bad
Ethan m12 a - what do you see yourself
if YouTube eventually shuts down and I'm
definitely trying to plan for my future
financially so I'm like I'm looking to
like see where I can invest and whatnot
and kind of build more sources of income
not to get super boring on you but as
far as job wise I would definitely write
and I would definitely run revived and I
would probably just go about revived
differently and I would start focusing
on different social medias which which I
want to do anyway I would at least give
it a good attempt to continue my life
without the YouTube aspect
to make videos I put them on the website
I don't know and then I would still you
know of course want to run the company
so hopefully nothing would change I
don't know the world's crazy these days
you never know what's gonna happen next
so this is the last one I'm going to say
Colby underscore personally says what is
your favorite trip you've taken and my
favorite trip I have taken would
probably be either the Metro tour which
happened a long time ago or I did an SF
LA trip where I flew in to SF I filmed a
V with court duffel and then we went
camping in like Yosemite for a night and
skated escape art like in the mountains
and then we went back to San Francisco I
drove down to LA did a video with Ryan
Sheckler now I'm not trying to name-drop
all these people it was just it didn't
like even with those people aside it was
just get fantastic time with a rat face
and Joel from Metro it was so fun and
Brett Novak was there so then after the
Ryan checkered video I hung out with
Richard Jackson rockin Brett and rat
face we just skated and had the time of
our lives for like a day and a half but
it was it was just so fun so that was a
trip a revived trip this recent trip to
San Jose or San Francisco Bay Area and
here was terrific super good and like I
don't know some of the Rob ships were
pretty crazy too like I don't know
there's so many of them gosh Hawaii
we've had tons of time good sides there
it's hard it's hard to pick where it
really but those old ones definite come
to mind because they were one of the
first times I got out there and in the
world with skateboarding and we're doing
a lot of fun stuff but there you guys go
as my little Q&A but I hope you guys
like that I'm going to go for I do
videos all the time here and you'll
definitely see two videos this weekend
so tune in and I'll see you guys
tomorrow and if you want to sign up for
more videos and subscribe buttons right
down there you just hit it or says
subscribe
and you're signed up to see more videos
so I'll see you tomorrow you guys have a
fantastic day I'm going to go hang out
on the beach hopefully tops running
Oh Mike oh my gosh it's quick in
literally like my sandal that sucks that
really sucks I was good okay I'm gonna
film a cliff walk in the ocean and now
I'm in quicksand
not really quicksand but I think this is
a terrible idea
