I challenge you to a tool accepted
warehouse Wednesday that's pretty good
you just destroyed I know he's gone
stead thanks back he's alive
Wow duel I did I respect your win when
does the when is the point that we can
stop shaking hands now and we're gonna
shake hands the whole time and we're
gonna go inside and we are going to show
you guys the new spring stuff so a lot
of exciting things are happening the raw
world
what companies bring stuff that we
literally just said of revived Oh tell
me do you think that is Brian yeah we
got new boards new apparel and some
stuff from AM grip let's show you guys
the spring stuff wow we're shake and we
shake hands inside to to the inside sure
know embraced like a man I've held hands
with a girl for like days Oh Brian we
little cart I'm excited you guys all
like call each other like we're of
lecture today we're got black shirts
here we got black shirts on our body
where do you wanna start man
shirt shirt it's a black shirt okay
where's all crazies okay great news oh
look at that
you got a dragon and if you don't like
dragons just wear your back mm-hmm the
the revive strikes back it's not the
revived for it that's what I'm gonna
call it the dragon strikes back the
dragon strikes back yeah so it's the
lightweight hoodie it's a zip up it's
good for the spring yeah
because sometimes you're outside in the
spring and you it feels like a winter
and that's when you move the next shirt
is the shirt that I'm wearing so the
next shirt is yes okay then we don't get
to talk about looking great he's the
grid the grid the grid you know person I
think is rebuild the retro it's not it's
the grid well why why it used to be
called the retro no it's not called a
grid told you the retro a new lightning
graphic and it's gonna go on a puckett
team all the revived Potter so new
ladies he's got a hang tag on it's right
there in that pocket so there's a lot of
people that that lose things okay and if
you like so say you like your
girlfriend's phone number put it in your
pocket dude I was literally I was
walking into the warehouse yesterday or
the other day and I had
girlfriend's number in my head and it
fell out of it and landed in the pocket
so this is the girlfriend's number it's
not that was Casey's idea actually
you like the crack of a bat I do you
like to play catch with your dad okay
why not have a baseball team yeah sounds
like the most I've ever made sense in
this it's kind of lightning graphic on
it again every baseball Potter that's a
little rag yes boom
moving on that should not be named this
its name that's the shirt that lived
that is the shirt that lived okay we'll
do that keeping on with shirts good show
Doug's new stuff real fast
Doug I am grip and grip yeah am grip
just had a new line come outs we got
this edge sketch T by that look at that
okay let's just point out that people
that can actually use those things like
need to be working at NASA have you were
trying to draw something with those
either like you suck at it or you're
like a genius edit draw whatever he well
he should work on he's our work on
rocket surgeries is gonna be coming next
week but in the meantime we also have
some new collab force grip I can't see
it horse logo name grip og logo second
sister grip has had a new grip huh
and they're just yep and it all comes
with one of those and sketch stickers I
don't see that contract that would be
boy yeah joning stickers don't need yeah
it tasted terrible but if you don't want
to eat stickers you can stick them
places and what should we also have
revived also have stickers too so we
have these these stickers right here at
once kind of horn don't why it's cut you
should check the back use your saber
just walk by you
collector grad Tyrell you might want to
watch that dude I'm just messing with
you
okay so sticker bag let's get down there
so we have these they're a little retro
read kinda strange turn the revival
these is that one sticker always take
three enlightening stickers yeah this
Stoddard and then we have these little
dragon stickers very hairy sticker
well that sounds bad let's not say that
wait is this all ones to do what is
happening is that all one sticker back
yes so one sticker back on the stickers
free five bucks to get three three and
three what's the normal amount what is
that what did he sent at you that's a
remote made yeah this is a potpourri
zone Sam tyz talks about the new Cruiser
rube coming out to this new Cruiser
telling about it all right this is new
Cruiser it is a size eight point three
six yes that's the whitening bolt series
no this is reserved this is the deathly
estate board hop definitely there's a
skateboard hollows yeah so that's why
Geographic on our new Cruiser yeah look
at what is it a little different cute
cruiser shape okay so yeah look at that
okay you know when there's a tail like
this like look at your face I look over
at Brian look at it no look over at it
there you go oh there it is look how big
it is
oh man you can cruise on it yes you can
yes okay so see it's like it's literally
look at it's half the size that's a wide
skateboard right here new by the graphic
Bionic version
this is shape look at the shape let's
get down to real skateboards we're gonna
be the pro-series our community's got a
name
this is my personal favorite out of the
pro series he's got he's eating some
pizza who's going to a pizza shop yeah
this little King Kong guy alright hold
it up what are you doing to the world
there you go look advancing does that
not look like like it like it'd be in
the 80s arcade that's fantastic
so it also says her Bible is Johnny's
name revived no it's nice okay this guy
grows John Geiger right there we got a
panther in space getting blasted by a
UFO what's where does JP come up with
this stuff I don't know yeah the JP did
moving on we have John's John Hill the
shark with Freda laser beam oh yeah it's
got me yes so right here this should I
should just say evil yeah get it like
John dr. evil ha yes but uh yeah and
there's like an octopus somewhere and
got two parts - mom - he's he's behind
the shark and also blows her I met
multiple octa-pie octa-pie is is a
literally octopus
yeah this is a thing I'm still gonna say
octopi you should say octopi in this
video the comments are like you think of
all the comments but it's octopus it
cares the Internet is where everyone
like like cares so deeply about
everything and then they walk outside
their door and they're just saying
octopi or like you're the wrong way
what do we have here this is Aaron's new
board yeah who doesn't want a dragon
around the Sun right yeah yeah I mean I
mean it looks more something moving what
are these little things does he is own
gravitational going around he's got a
gravitational pull so JP think of that
or just draw something yeah okay well
there you go look at this beauty the
great gosh I love it
that's why it's called that I love it no
it's called you hear it I love it grid
and also that lovely lass board the
skateboard of Secrets something we
always miss something
he's Owen Casey's for sale here's a
rolled-up am grip it's rolled in group
that's outcomes hey you want to just
punch it and see how far you can make me
go say the same thing all this stuff
comes out this weekend on the shred
quarters calm a Saturday which is the
third March third Friday night when it
clicks over to Saturday immediately
they'll be available so check the
strikers are calm and put it right down
there and we thank you for all the
support we love doing this and we're
still doing it and that's amazing and
we're still skate board we're gonna do
that we are on this on only that
obstacle and we have a new skatepark
will be unveiling next week you might
see it here and there or you might have
seen it online but we're actually gonna
skate it next Wednesday so tune in Brian
you better do a front salad back some
180 nope
all right so that was a super fun
session I fell all over the place I get
to everyone no did you oh ha did well
she's away everyone crush it and I hope
you guys love this bring a gear JP
Cooper thank you for everything you do
and yeah guys this is Saturday ok Friday
night at midnight when it turns into
Saturday the strike horse calm and local
skate shop should be getting it in all
over the world so if your shop doesn't
carry it ask them and support your local
shop but thank you guys for watching we
will be back next week to unveil a new
part of our skate park yeah and I do
videos all time so if you want to see
more in between that time you should
this subscribe button right down below
the video and your size anymore and
until next time guys subscribe or
peanuts
I don't care what the beat oh I just hit
them in my hair mm-hmm you're on four
outs on five yeah one okay I'm testing
dude did a whole thing telling you
