okay so get over here today is not your
day okay it really could be your day
because if you do something specific you
get a $25 gift card to game stuff where
you can buy plenty of toiletries and
food and some other stuff so throw that
over there you know you're doing and you
were supposed to be holding two cakes
because the last time we found out that
you have a none human talent of skating
with a cape in your hand and not
dropping it well pretty it I was going
to give you two cakes like one in each
hand but they didn't have it
so now you get lemon meringue pies which
are heavier and slippier
I mean you can get afterwards yeah for
sure
and you should they were discounted like
the ones are like this shouldn't be
selling because they're a little old you
know all of you will say like you're all
you're raising food well I mean it's
just sugar so I don't help out too much
I wouldn't be wasting like honest
nutrients but this is like the end of
the period where they should be I don't
know I'll eat them all so I want you to
warm up with three tricks anywhere in
the park and then we're going to give
you ten minutes if you can skate with
ten minutes holding two pies in your
hands you get that you get that gamestop
gift card okay all right do you think
he's going to land this oh he will I
think he's going to fail this is gonna
be so tough it's not I think it's the
winds gonna all right Bree chase rifle
mouth
yeah let's nose manual our lives away
that was not hard at all
well that is nose man he's good oh oh
you know what you should have can flip
it of that Bank for the first gelato
yeah the brick bank I'm going to move
this this would have got underneath your
wheel and killed you
did you drag I didn't see it but I heard
it I heard it like louder than your
skateboard I think don't worry okay
yeah I just say Bill Murray Bill Murray
you check text but the other one you
didn't so if you just combine them it
was a good flip I picked a good let's go
get some pies I'm gonna do the time
since alex is filming cupcakes they're
just one to start no no you're doing
both you think you're good with eggs
like he was a Jedi with this cake kind
of oh I got a lot of dropping her came
in the black fingers stick it out yeah
you're gonna hold playing foil yeah oh
my gosh how do you feel but not good
it's already slippery it's like already
mommy this is not gonna be a long video
is it yeah anything did a half get loose
you did do a half gets look all good
things must come to an end
why don't wear black dude don't get cake
on you didn't know you're doing this
today how do you feel it sucks
alright I don't think I could walk on
nails before you met Tara one well it's
a weird texture you tasted it yeah what
means like whipped cream you know it's
likes quickened it's like solid I don't
want like it I don't want to look good
feel the texture duh what didn't even
come off it's exciting it's supposed to
be creamy and soft I told you and like
it was in the discounted section like if
you can make styrofoam liquefied when
you eat it that's what it says well dude
they were like was crazy discounted
that's probably why all right here's our
rolls ten minutes you have to keep
progressively trying tricks you can't do
the same trick twice and you can't be
like yeah well we'll pause it if it
feels like you're like wasting time in
between yeah
goes and then yes you got to be Admiral
too so as you later is it gets closer to
the end you got to be trying some real
stuff I'm get ripped by the end of it
you probably work with me and if you're
into flat ground which is fine you can
only do three tricks okay all right and
go oh my god
so hard job it comes out of my hand and
I've to catch again that's crazy
all right what oh yeah oh I can't high
five you can't all right you've got nine
minutes and 15 seconds left
oh my gosh you can do it only basic
that's good Oh God this one's moving
this one's shifting around I think it's
cuz the pot alright come on you got you
got to commit yeah give us your ol oh my
gosh eight and a half minutes oh come on
I'm about to call it if you try to trick
too long I make you move on smooth it up
smooth it okay that's good alright
whatever go to the box I tried to knock
ma'am
you should've do a nose manual dude you
could be getting you could get some
great shots with that oh I'm getting
them yeah
Apple paid me to say that by Samsung by
Apple Oh Casey that was good Wow there
yeah hey thank you have a good one um we
got seven minutes ten seconds
I should've join yes you should fifty
bad I feel like these are cheap sure
I'll do a video with you 180 nobody yeah
who you're getting good at it though
aren't you I'm getting comfortable now
yeah I put I brought my thumb up and
over it was like this like you're
serving oh but I now I have a little bit
better gotcha oh dude it's moving so
much you can see it moving
yeah get on your board and do it like
gelatin oh yeah dude you got five
minutes at fifty seconds I haven't done
could you pop shuvit up the year ago
yeah all right five minutes 50 seconds
Suchi it comes out of the little case oh
yeah your cell not trying to died you
gotta charge the ticket dude come on mmm
no I don't want to recipes oh wow yeah
these are definitely old pods oh you got
it you're going to slam so hard on it
around good I wanted to you guys are way
too good at holding food and skating
four and a half minutes left
oh that's so good okay cool puppets yeah
keep the love it this is a gift card
blew away got four minutes nine seconds
oh wow is that harder they're just
falling out of place they're like moving
around good I want two three and a half
minutes oh you can see it whoa what
happened it just came out I think it's
my thumb kind of ruining it
Oh 2 minutes 35 seconds
oh my you guys yeah you got stick it
dude it's hard come on your board wants
to do it look it's running away no I
want to see you laying this
he's got me and a half I've been pausing
it cuz you've been tamed breathers oh
yeah and that's a business yeah we're
not having that oh my gosh it's just
like you did oh oh my gosh all right
Casey I'm pausing it because I said
white Mike you're at a minute and three
seconds okay I want to do see your
knowledge super-spin Oh what is that
nice a nollie 360 with a baseman yeah
all right and you know why my eye you're
literally just twirling I'm going to
twirl her and fly both Klaus angle them
a little bit as you do it that's what I
didn't laughing I was holding one and
all right one minute oh my god no I was
oh my gosh if you land this I'm never
food challenging you oh you're inhuman
I'm doing it something not normal about
you and this is it 25 seconds I think
that kickflip is more dangerous it fell
out that time and I caught it got 15
seconds so two more tries we need to
stick these okay oh my gosh stick this
one with all your might yeah I'm so
ready to do it you would not stick it on
your last try
but
Keiji hand okay okay dude it is jumping
in absolutely astounding you guys are
both your posts way to go to this tell
them about our game escape with bullet
cereal here watch oh yeah we did a game
of skate a long time ago we both helped
pull the cereal and you guys are great
at it oh we can crush it
not really it went 11-5 I got all over
our board listen if you want to go hear
a bowl of cereal all right we'll do it
congratulations you passed the test why
do you guys keep doing that this guy has
a YouTube channel he does fantastic
videos it popped up right there and it's
down in the info and uh yeah go go check
it out you're going to be thankful you
did also if anyone's hiring like a like
a fine-dining server that happens to
include action sports this guy is your
guy I do videos here every single day so
hit the subscribe button want to see
more from me it's right down there
it's Lily just to subscribe you click it
in you're signed up to see more videos
from you that's it I'm going to go pick
up my child and yeah your via dad we're
going to go clean our my hands off
alright yep I brought all the stuff
equation up right oh hey you want to you
want to say goodbye to say and I norms
is disturbing that's what I want to go
to a pool now
what's the bonus clip and this is still
happening
wait should I like do gay that was just
terrible let's just uh let's let the
music take this memory away from us
