Oh warehouse Wednesday got him in the
knee there y'all ready all right all
right
who do we have today Casey what we're
doing I'll have it no this is gonna be
incredible
absolutely oh the best thing ever hey
Bryce Alex Munich I gotta bury - oh
that's giving stem give it you have to
skip tonight
it literally just levitated across the
waters safe you let's do it
I got to be Andy and Brian right now
wait how are you going all the way back
there what we'll get ahead with our whoa
nothing like to decapitate somebody you
totally could all right what we're doing
since Brian was on vacation
today and this week I know while you're
watching this Bry name's Brian Ames is
on vacation last week and he thought we
were going to mess with them so we
filmed this and didn't upload it and
this week he's back and he has no idea
we found this
he thinks another warehouse Wednesday is
going up so we're messing with them
we're getting his skateboard we're going
to destroy it we're going to paint on
and draw the dumbest things you can do
and then we're going to have a skate
tournament sk8 two pairs of people
alligators me and then one raccoon
versus Thomas Casey's going to be the
referee winner of this group clays the
winner of this group and the winner gets
to make Brian Ames very unhappy we have
something to put in Brian Ames office
and he's going to find out from this
video and the person who wins I thought
that was like a bodily hit the person
who wins all of this gets to hide it in
there so let's go ruin Brian skateboard
guys are crowding up
you think I'm being Brian's friends for
so long I'd be better at imitating Chris
you put this up on your face oh my gosh
oh yeah same thing Kurt in grief Ron
everyone thinks this is Brian's bro mom
like so many people would you think
Brian's Pro Brian's not Pro clowny for
Brian it's the beard it's a villain
thank you here's the board let's go over
to the distribution side of strikers and
Metazoa yep that's Brian names work is
going to mess it up yeah yeah Brian's
board is never going to be the way you
go to the main desk we got some paint
pens everyone gets to draw something
comment
was here for booths box sent him a
little love you know some revival of
okay I'm doing it next year awesome
irulu I'm very proud that I I'm not
leader if I'm writing if I had to think
if I was going this ring should I go
back so I brought to the table no
offensive you guys like to go back but I
put it on the board he said these people
think my CL is it that's all saying I
was wondering it makes it even better my
spelled around yeah that's amazing
what's happening over here
no I'm calm like a pickle pickle red SAP
pickle you drop pickle
my name is turtle you just can't you
can't see it though it's a potato face
to be the dumbest thing to look down and
while you're we have to view all our
tricks on this nickel spelled like this
is actually the parody band which is way
better parody band yeah here at
Nickelback security van yeah we're
starting it right now brian has an
Easter Bunny sure cool way to get it
right I'm Pro oh my gosh please do it no
one would ever write like that Casey for
us is a vital it's the worst
oh that's adorable
all right here has how stupid Brian Ames
skateboard Network fine could you look
back in can you look down and do good
tricks on us easy so long to to Anthony
all right
never just looks like an L here's the
rolls me vers Alex first we have to
skate on Brian yeah well everyone has to
train rides board exactly the way it is
for playing sk8 not playing full games
so this isn't like the longest video in
the world so see you guys first two out
of three on four I never loved I didn't
know one way to do that now oh my god
you're good first
oh I honest one thank you from vixen
this is no job you look like Ryan them
go judge I think it's a redo the redo
and now get out good it's hard wearing
this and looking there and seeing like a
different body than on or fuse to see
some loose trucks beer get in the way
like I can't eat my tail
yep three shirts right now I'm going to
destroy out Oh got it I got it
you need to Wow you need this when
you're 80 we had that never done that in
my life he's really plain cheap yeah for
you to comment
I'll wave right in planning it oh dude
you got it I'm dead I'll take the camera
Brian's dead congratulations
hey sorry I cheated all right Thomas
first Bracken's hey I do four on four to
three
no Paragon for strut quarters rules now
it's just me rules no one else else I'm
talking about ever much more cracking
you suck you can absolutely three hey
whatever right I don't
okay sure Brad can go I don't know what
happened you guys are off time and
you're not even throwing you really
going like this like I don't know what
that is siren welcome use your other
wonder boy use your other when you mean
to do here my froggies everything BRAC
and go Casey y'all have a good vacation
now get
Wow well no I mean yeah you can do it
again for a kickflip that was pathetic
that was good
it I don't know why it's hard to three
flip nollie flip right back at you oh
that was good Thomas that nollie or
fakie that piggy that asked Thomas that
was like a kickflip late 180
okay
Brackins going in for the kill oh good
dude you were almost there okay okay
okay I'll redo oh that's good it's good
I think Thomas is one dalian wear heels
Thomas you have eight yeah who you run
from you one good job you get to take on
Alex right
hi I'm right here take on Alex right
there hey on this one no repeat tricks
you guys have done oh yeah the winner
gets to ruin Brian Ames office kind of
maybe not ruin it but make it weird they
do a nollie half Kent heel I can
sometimes
uh-uh I'll take it just because I don't
want this MIDI to go on forever
not none too not not redo they're good
it's not as hard as you think though my
personal way to use your head bro that
was real dude I mean it was sloppy well
let's put that out there but that was
like I'm impressed you did that trick
whoa Tommy
woo what I was going to redo it redo it
redo it you were fine until you kept
spinning can you do that oh let's see
okay such a feeder cheated with me just
business for the kill I just wear this
trick
oh yeah the the old shove it get away
the stomach take it food oh I'll give it
to him you know you're an old man yes it
was a that was really good though whoa
nollie 3 cuz I can do that one but your
that's right now right yeah you're about
to be a cake that was good hay crops for
that one
departure Palmer
oh my gosh you're dead Alex that nollie
back heel yeah you are great at anything
sloppy but pulling it off okay
you gotta you Lantis and good ones too
but no no you're right like this yep
try it again you're the winner
all right let's go to Bryon's off yeah
boy anything all right we have something
to put in Brian's office that he's not
going to like but it has to be something
that could like be in there without him
knowing it for a while all right Victor
delicious you've eaten pigs feet oh oh
all right let's put it in offices
concurrences thing I've ever seen in my
life I suggest we put it somewhere that
he's not going to look normally oh you
want actually I'll show you something
yeah okay but this I know you better
than you know yourself watch or here
we'll take this in the repertory we'll
take we'll take this note for the Ender
okay okay yeah it's got to be somewhere
that he wouldn't okay you found the
perfect spot Thomas put it okay put it
in there for this one won every single
same spot or make you one yeah it's pigs
feet pigs feet and clam juice like he's
gonna be like that's disgusting and it's
in my office
yeah it'd be really bad just make it
whole integration I would totally ever I
Stevie I would totally be down to like
take these out and put them in his
office but we have to make him think
that nothing has happened for the next
few days so it can't be two giris maybe
next time because Brian tried to prove
me wrong and I have proof that he was he
admitted as a group you wrote where did
things go look at that text message and
right there it says I was surprised to
see a normal where else Wednesday this
week you may have outwitted me he
thought he knew me this video winds up
when you were in town and you thought
you had a normal skateboard because alex
is about to go up with a different
skateboard and skate it so you think you
have the same board not my idea that
boom take that Brian Eames next time
we're taking the peak speed out you guys
been wonderful
I've new videos here every single day
guys so you want to see more hit that
subscribe button right down there
oh thank you the Wiener Josh I got it
ended what the waiters hit Thomas the
weird so just give me that you guys have
a wonderful day I love you and we'll see
you soon
tomorrow we'll see you tomorrow and your
mama loves every single one of you yeah
I'd like to think that's true yeah
