ride and get over here dude you know
what time it is yeah wow you hit me
enough we are back officially man now
we're not okay
why what was that hi Ryder my face looks
weird on yours would you like to sing
the Mario Brothers song with me
Wow okay doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo what a toot that's
not in the song we oh my gosh we are so
scary terrible I'm in a bad mood why you
want to know why I don't know why Wow I
love it I love it
where did I saw this guy outside I was
like dude are you bringing me my
newspaper and he was like no I'm not I
am here to cut your lawn but you got to
pay me there's exactly what I said to
him I was like maybe if you were a
dinosaur what kind of dinosaur would you
be okay ha ha ha ha I'll just name it if
I was a t-rex I would just walk around
just going yeah I heard that you kissed
a girl at school today and yeah
tell me about it and well it was I did
that talk and dad we would tell like
Susie marriage if they release a yeah
okay you got married at school today Wow
why wasn't I there because you know that
the house no I was not I was at work I'm
a working man why I'm totally a fox now
bro well look you are kiddo
oh yeah
you look literally beyond that the play
cats ah
kearson we have a living room Wow
whoa you took my space helmet oh now I
got it back no you got come on face off
I mean I'm in it what does this one do
oh my gosh pretty close Oh your mouth
Oh ridin I love that new look all you do
is try to egg scary
oh but I would just totally rock this oh
go today
oh you've done this in before I remember
this one Oh apparently not that sad
you're wait you gave this one why why is
there a Christmas thing so it's April
and there's a Christmas thing I'm sorry
I should be in character huh where is it
I can't talk like Santa Claus talk like
Santa Claus oh you didn't even say any
words the scary be riding good or bad 90
I write I'm a bird got a vampire I'm
just a cup of coffee now I got sugar in
my face right in yeah how does the
cutest cup of coffee ever oh I'm jealous
being an alpaca an Lu ah yah yah he's a
 little peckish little a package
here we have the scariest built or
you've ever seen oh my son he's getting
right here thank you oh it's good it's
Jeff's on it right hi do not want to be
a dog this is not enough to be dogs on
call we reached a new level of
creepiness this isn't here this is your
face on my face next to your face oh
there you guys go that is us messing
with a bunch of filters on different
application that's fun isn't it you like
doing it yes it's a goofy time we get
pretty weird with it I'm going to show
you guys some random clips on my cell
phone that I haven't published yet and
just goofy stuff you might have seen on
Instagram or something but so it's good
to continue I do a lot of skateboarding
and random goofy fun stuff with my
friends and family here on youtube if
you want to see more from me just click
the link down below it says subscribe
he's going to click it and then you're
signed up to see more videos so I'm
going to hang out with this dude for the
rest the day you guys have a great day
and thank you for watching our video
anything you want to say to YouTube
happy yelling Frankie happy Valentine's
Day to everybody out there I guess it's
gonna be a Valentine's Day eventually
what happens have a good one right kc9
love you I mean you can't buy guys breed
Friday night to be a frog stick your
tongue out
oh you're something else but Oh keep
going get on the ground parently that
was great
present it didn't last long
I'm surfing
I'm warehouse surfing right now oh yeah
father-son board game time right it's
fun isn't it
yeah and then there's a cat laying like
that yep we will grow this you guys well
that's that's definitely wasn't it good
do it let's see this let's see it lets
see it
you did
what a wonderful day at home and ridin
hey did you eat blueberries did you eat
some blueberries are you done yeah eat
them go finish them so we can clean you
up so good
