we're live
how should I hold like this oh wow we
got to do like this what that's weird
isn't it that is weird
that's super weird what's up guys were
live in Indiana I hope I'm not messing
this up I've never done it from my phone
yet and it says there's one person in
here where Beechmont Park reply hi Jane
Kelly oh there's more people commenting
that it says that are in there by now
that's super strange it's weird what's
up guys we're live yes we are live can
you guys hear me tell me if this is
going through I just was filming a video
so I'm all sweaty and gross but we're
here at Bheeshma Park oh wow my board is
totally rolling away so thanks everyone
who jumped in right away I'm just gonna
be skating here neighbors with me he
might be doing the camera work
well I'm skating but you guys can give
me some suggestions I didn't agree terms
you don't have to I can get Justin John
gonna do okay
uh I am super rusty today like really
really rusty and I'm gonna still skate
for you people it's this weather doesn't
help at all with your hi bro my breath
what's wrong with it's like a hair like
don't touch it okay it's like an emo
eyebrow uh life is good burger deck can
you have one you know this trick where's
our camera do a double heel flip I can
I'm there double heel flip my life what
you try already I'm gonna try ee look me
switch the cameras oh there he is that
was the worst attempt yeah these
comments are going super fast
Christopher one says do a tray bomb you
can do that
Philip the weather here is terrible
no well alright it's dry I hate this
glue man it was sunny before we got here
alright you failed
beaser there's not a killer in
Cincinnati that's it at all what good I
switched back to my face when you were
trying it the skatepark is he is a
beachfront park it's called Beach acres
actually I call it beach bum Park my
board is rolling away again
um but yeah I'll do some tricks you want
hold this saver I don't know what I'm
gonna do what should I skate uh-oh hey
how do you switch it
people are you filming me now I'm coming
you skate what do you guys want me to
get you the box
kickflip back 5050 this one say that me
that yep are tujhe Heinonen
there I slam my knee soap really
oh my gosh first try all right and a
line kickflip sex-change yeah my arm is
weird that was good
his arm troubles when they skate uh you
yeah I said when I was younger I had the
weirdest like Oh someone wants you to do
I know comply I can't try no comply 180
maybe not I don't know you got it though
you're popping it like way too much yeah
it's like lazy be lazy thank you to
whoever just said the song is cool wow
that was actually really good you want
try one more okay it's kind of like you
want to keep it on your back foot the
whole time like you scoop it and you try
to keep it on your no the the first
thing I see is do you like milk
I only only really like milk if I'm
eating cereal or eating Oreos that was
that was it that was it
okay last try and then do a double
kickflip I mean it counts try one more
and try not to like leave your foot on
the ground I jump with it I wouldn't do
it someone said to film horizontal can
you do it no it's a anytime anytime you
try to film horizontal it says to be a
device I would love to film horizontal
up and down filming should not be a
thing someone said double kickflip a
while ago that's easy
yeah
it looks like you like late flipz yeah
we should I will I will go like this how
about that it's now I'm what sighs what
an idiot all right all right tre flip
yes no okay that was good
now look good someone said dark slide
yep I blues Truxton it's an 85
dude I don't know what's wrong quit
complaining
that's a hard trick Justin
yes I see the same favorite face I was
good
I don't know I should probably try it
your way like dude it's easier you have
way more control when you leave oh yeah
it is just try it
what did you just do just like play your
own time in the bowl over three
it is playground time look at you look
at you guys
oh I was trying in my head I was really
trying to get my my foot on my nose
there's just one deer that keeps on
commenting stop stop what
I guess just stop stop it I why did I
not film that I was like reading the
comments not paying attention it
probably is like I'm putting my foot and
it's still just going right there huh hi
Sam is just saying JP Garcia likes your
post
landed oh I swear the entire livestream
is it said at the top of the screen JP
Garcia has like likes your post GJ peas
awesome I like JP is to like yeah he's
gonna be pro by next year he the world
you were on top of the trucks Wow
ruining your friends griptape yeah just
watch me live ruin Sam's board you got a
thousand people watching bro you got a
thousand people watching
that would be so hard okay I've seen
like 12 people want you to do a nollie
inward heel edge on the hip that won't
one one person said that actually
everyone wants me to turn the camera but
like it doesn't light you guys like
every time we try to turn the camera
this is Rosie don't do this put it back
to up and down so I don't know weird
maybe it's because we started it that
way I don't know I don't think so but it
like yeah even the directions made this
I'm going to skip this I mean I'm not
going to this too much lawyer because my
arms about to fall off you're Italian
word yeah you got to hang out with me
just suck
varial inward kickflip that's not a
trick
I'm gonna walk down this ramp all right
are you doing right here you do it first
trial buy you something
oh my gosh no way that was ridiculous I
was not expecting that I was looking
down and it was just like this it was
like and when it was like this I was
like I know I'm gonna lay in this
because it's terrible that is insane
let's sit down apparently there's a slow
mode on the chat or something we're like
yes it goes slower well when I started
this it was like this connection kind of
sucked doesn't I had the full bars so
will you drop some bars real quick well
that was the most appropriate ending to
this skate session ever because that was
very much I've been skating like junk
all day today you did it first try in
all day for the last like 30 minutes
three minutes kenny much so guys ask
some questions we're gonna keep this
going for a little while uh Thank You
Sara you've been watching me forever
gosh Sara you rule thank you Sarah Sarah
Thomas
oh yeah Sarah Thomas yeah she's been
she's an OG you really hurt my boy I
know I'll give you a new one just go to
where else you guys come to Vienna one
day uh yeah that'd be cool we need to
travel in general we need to get out of
this country I'm so sweaty it's muggy
now to that bird X Xbox oblivion
whatever my arm hurts
I have no idea why I did have some arm
troubles a few months ago but it just
randomly started hurting today hasn't
hurt in a while
it's probably nothing astray just like
it was soreness yes or no funny story
you have to do it four years ago
Steven cheese four years ago I broke my
collarbone filming and Andy was there
and I thought I'd just located my
shoulder and so Andy was like oh I can I
can pop it back in place and he just
started pushing on my broken collarbone
I said that yes
something I'd say at all I don't know
how to pop things back in place I'm
crazy don't trust me maybe a vow thank
you so much for watching that long it
means a lot I love making videos and
this is like actually experimental day
I'll give you guys some real talk for a
second
so my youtube channel I did a video
talking about how it's been really
strange daily actually been affecting
him too yeah Oh like it's like our
videos aren't core to the subscribers
but like ever all the other channels
like are pretty much the same yeah
there's a lot of they're testing out
algorithms on YouTube we found this out
and our channel is like it was like all
of a sudden views went down which I'm
not worried about like I need to get
views but it was like you know I of
course welcome I make I put so much
effort in these videos I want you guys
to actually see him and especially like
the helpful ones like I did a how-to
darkside video and that one I pulled it
because it wasn't going anywhere but
then I'll send a change and I was that
doing all my videos were crushing for
like four days and then yesterday I put
up at a day-in-the-life which is a great
day in life and then it just got no
views so today I was like oh my gosh I
got so much going on I'm just gonna do a
live stream instead of a full video so
that's why I did that today and I think
you're doing the same boat well I was
gonna do a video today and then we did a
warehouse Wednesday instead I was like
well just do a livestream too yeah so
it's really busy times Oh somebody said
them something out Adam we man says you
everyone do a video some sort of
atomization he just did a collab with
another club he just did some work with
him in LA I've known Adam for a long
time and we've been talking about it
we've just never actually met up so
it'll happen sooner than later I'm sure
yeah super cool Finland I don't know if
I'm ever coming to Finland I would like
to think yes though someone just going
by so fast guys I'm sorry and I don't
know if like the super chat stuff exists
on the here oh it does oh yeah the monk
the monk head thank you so much the monk
head from Vienna what is super chat
super chats like where they could like
they can basically tip you and it like
when you like it yeah it comes up right
there so of course don't feel obligated
guys to do that but thank you for sure I
don't have an xbox Sebastian I have a
switch which I has been dominating my
life because of Zelda and then I have a
ps4 for all the like the normal games
but I play a lot of classic Nintendo
honestly 360 grind I'm out I did the
worst probably they've already he'll
flip to end my session and my arms
feeling really weird and we got to do
some we got to do a bunch of work today
what I got to buy you something
why do you oh I was like all right make
put that in another video that was did
you guys see that no ever heal yeah it
was just it was first try it was right
yeah well it was live there's this live
stream stay on your YouTube channel
yeah like forever mmm cool yeah I don't
know how the vertical thing will work
cuz that's terrible thing oh that's dumb
everyone's good be so mad to actually
watch it online I did it for my computer
the first time I definitely gotta do
more live streams guys I'm gonna do like
like this I actually skated I'm gonna
set up things like maybe like do like
live we're like we get a bunch of weird
stuff to eat and you guys can tell us
what combination is to try like I just
want to get goofy with it well that's a
that's a super chat I think yeah see
Rader Craig thank you so much
360 hard flip off the Box yeah right
I'll try one no since these can you be
super can't never see hard flipped Jason
we got Jason here he could do it alright
we hold on the others the camera guys
serious through a live warehouse
Wednesday now would I that's actually a
good idea I'll try one here hold it hold
this I'll try a 350 yards so hard this
hey the monkey head thank you again
cheese
that means a ton he says that we've been
putting a smile on his face every day
yeah so thank you so much the monk head
I love making videos that's for sure
it's like the most genuine like here I'm
gonna get all mushy the most genuine
thing I've done with my life is just
like being able to make stupid goofy
videos because like I'm lucky and it's
because of you guys so 3c hardflip I
won't be too can three heart I think I
think Stevens oh that was pretty good
I think Jason said he's only done a
couple on flat I could be wrong but I
had a ramp I'm like huh he's done it a
million times off stuff I'm flat he said
he's only done a couple of oh wow hunter
Barney thank you so much they say they
get hunter Thank You hunter
