YouTube what's up guys this is a day in
life 56 and it was supposed to be an
easy day for me but then all of a sudden
a million things happen to me and CB
chaotic so you're on for the ride that
is not a lot to do first off I wanna get
riding up and get him ready to go to
preschool let's do this
why are you next to the kitchen sink hi
otter I'm gonna go in and get when I
open my god okay hurry up so we gotta go
every day he takes pokemon cards the
school's we can give Moy it's really
cute and I'm glad that he has a wants to
give to his friends and make them happy
as awesome unique no I know you're not
giving all your pokemon cards away grab
of them quick and put your shoes on or
oh yeah have you worked it yeah love you
love you bagel love your bagel oh hey
there's a kid hi there you go time for a
fun at school
yes I'll be happy if it Lopez baby I'd
be happy to
they're cute aren't they yeah alright
are you on chipmunk so that's why we
call them cactus Patrick alright I'm
back at the house usually I would be
headed to the warehouse but do they have
to meet somebody at my house to get the
yard look dead for something we had
going on and then I'm going to head to
the warehouse and this sucks because I
have a lot of business stuff to do today
and I need to get it done but I'm here
so I'm going to watch trailer park boys
for three minutes eat my breakfast
sandwich and then clean this house
before the dude comes to look at the
yard so I hope I get a lot done
okay I got the house presentable enough
and I have about 20 minutes before I
have to meet the dude coming over so I
get to get some work email done which is
awesome also I have coffee in my left
hand which I forgot that I had and it's
made oh my gosh gosh coffee is delicious
here is my password computer you're not
supposed to be on the couch you know
that right everything is done here at
the house I even got a little bit of
editing done which is great because my
life is a nine on one level right now I
have so much editing to do for YouTube
and I'm wrapping up the revive
full-length video so exciting times but
let's go to the warehouse and get some
skateboarding business done thanks for
hanging out but I got to go okay
are you be okay you okay destroyed
quarters here we are at the Shred
quarters which is my online skate shop
and here's these one er we're doing a
lunch we're doing a what boy that's
great
tacos I can eat tacos for the only meal
for the rest of my life what easy yes oh
yeah to the top edges to be he's being
sarcastic good work Ryan thank you I
like having a little bit extra lettuce
are you sure you kidding you are dude no
I'm not giving you like a little bit
extra it loves this box right here has
to go to Josh Toronto so I'll get an
address since you're going to get pickup
food no clothes but hook them up with a
bunch of non Apparel stuff
but we need like a bunch of sunglasses a
bunch of lanyards Oh sock I don't just
know clothes
we said no clothes okay I'm on my desk
finally able to knock out some of the
stuff I need to do for my business side
of the day I need to talk to a lawyer
and tech tech about the deal going down
which sounds crazy not sketchy I promise
I also need to send some stuff out to
bands that we're using and take over the
world and I've got to do a little bit of
preliminary planning for the revive fall
series and a mystery company that will
be unveiled in probably about a month
plus of my work day I'm not going to
overdo it and show you guys all of this
stuff but you'll see snippets of me
doing it and then I'll go into the
warehouse and talk a little bit about
how the general revived skateboards
works like be a whole idea behind it
then
going to go streetscape because I
suddenly realized I had to go out and
get a last minute clip for Sam chambers
part so that's I'm doing at least I'm
going to get outside and do some
skateboarding it's gorgeous outside so
you're not going to get a normal
warehouse and house day I'm doing things
so hang with me Brian is on vacation
this week and I'm totally using his
office to print what should I be doing
if he was here too but I'm sitting in
your chair Brian not much you're on
YouTube say what's up what's up YouTube
um so we found a spot for two songs it's
lunchtime
the best time of the day aside from
seeing my son that's the best my wife
doesn't lunch was delusion I was wrong
not to tell you our reserve okay so I'm
back in the warehouse I got to get some
stuff sent out a little bit about us
because I do these videos and I'm just
in passing I don't really talk about
what exactly we do here too often I'm
just like we got this in we got this
we're doing that so revised skateboard
started from making youtube videos
actually this guy right here we were
going to make a skate video and like
let's do YouTube isn't as behind the
scene stuff and from the YouTube videos
it started getting bigger and better and
people want a product so I started
revive skateboards you guys probably
heard this story at least I started
revenge skateboards actually and it was
nothing but awesomeness from the get-go
and then we turned into revive we got a
warehouse we were started in a basement
you know and then we had a warehouse we
got a bigger warehouse and when you
expanded to offices and then we got
another where else for justice your
distribution so we have a private
skatepark notice on that wall and to
this day we all do YouTube videos like
the team everything it keeps the whole
machine going the YouTube videos promote
the business we have a wheel company to
online skate shop the Shred quarters
comm pushes everything we have other
companies that we sell as well we're
going to shoes like soul tech s in
America we tell them we have trucks with
bearings everything you need to get a
skateboard we have here and we're able
to push companies that we really believe
in like skater owned companies and it
just it's awesome this is a dream come
true like I never thought in a million
years I'll be doing this in my life so
thank you if you've ever watched any of
my videos it truly means a lot and we're
still running the company exactly like
how I wants you from the beginning we
have a personal message with everyone
right here you saw it this is a giveaway
he did Tom Tom wanna complete skateboard
and then alex is wonderful drawing but
like you know we don't do that for that
for every order but we do write like a
hands thank you for every single order
it's just it's awesome so that's the
basics of it you know YouTube keeps the
the machine going all you guys out there
you know where we travel we see you we
get to hang out with you it's just like
it's unreal it's amazing you you work
here yeah yeah and we grew up as friends
we did and it's awesome that we don't
have to work jobs we suck at reheat
that's what I'm saying where's Casey
Casey did a great job here's a
basketball that because look is that I
go of that a basketball it felt amazing
the summary the little blurb on the back
of the book of however I've worked and
that's a I didn't know what I was doing
when I started this I just made
decisions I did research I use Google
and it turned into something that's like
it's like not only moving my life
forward but all of everyone my friends
that are involved with the YouTube stuff
and the Shred quarters like it's like
it's amazing so let this be a little
motivational thing for you I was 26 when
I got the idea to start doing YouTube so
no matter where you're at in life no
matter what age you can do something
with it like if you have a dream
don't let I want to tell you it's not
worth pursuing and you're crazy to try
because if I would have told somebody 12
years ago that's like yeah well I'm
going to make dumb videos with my
friends and sell skateboards and make a
living out of it I would've got laughed
at Alex is that what we do that's that's
what we do literally a description of it
we're at all thing and these days with
all these dudes helping like I just get
to like really focus on everything I'm
doing I got to come and make decisions
like playing graphics and then sign off
on stuff and I don't feel like an evil
CEO dude you know because I'm doing for
genuine reasons I like to thanks plenty
of you guys instead a bit so I'm going
to move on with my day that is what it's
like that's me in a nutshell running a
skateboard company and we're going to go
get some Street skating done and you
guys are coming with me let's go
right so we're at this manual path
neighbors going to rock some stuff
you're not going to see because it's for
the video he's done one of the tricks he
just wants to do it because he had
different shoes on I've done both of the
tricks
oh yeah and we can't find one clip and
the other you had yellow shoes on yeah I
did I'm really redoing a trick because
the suit is amazing but this guy's still
on his fancy stuff okay so especially my
family thing yeah yeah your family thing
so it's going to cut to prettier footage
than what you're looking at right now
thank you
look who it is Oh what up dude I can't
do any of those manual fat Sam rocked
one of the strokes he's going for a
second one right now and Thomas got here
hey how's it going oh wait - uh rookie
do see are you I'll tell me I'll try
what was that yes gets you high five
oh wow
I like ruined the clip because I was
surprised I was like oh wow immediately
they say oh guess mostly how did you do
that
you said how'd you do that to yourself
yeah I really have no idea wins I defy
any good staff because you yeah I feel
like I've been skate with you in a while
day thanks for filming brah okay so
Sabre is still working on a strict but I
got to go pick up my little dude and go
home on to the next part of my day so
where'd you guys followed on Twitter and
you followed and we are home but it's so
beautiful out that we're not going to
stay here too long we're going to go out
and do something you need to organize
your cards sir what are you reading a
book you study on your pokemon its a
pokemon playbook apparently you do know
with your finger why don't you get a pen
into it oh and then um dad I can't read
it there are not good arguments we made
it slime for a turbo toy time video
which is a hit in my channel we do and
it was gross it goes up on Tuesday what
about the blue is that better ooh all
right let's put it away though you want
to see that video to the turbo toy talk
with a link right down the info on
Tuesday all right hey we ready to go
look we gotta grab your skateboard and
we got to go grab a ball to kick we're
going to the park
hey would you like to get out of the car
sir ooh I'm gonna kick that ball all
right I'm a collector you do all right
you got to kick this thing as hard as
you can okay that's not you oh you can
you just use got work on here's another
opportunity to do it right now a little
better here I'll show you secret can
kick it right here on the bottom and
kick it up that was way better good job
now watch dad do it all right my turn
pretty much kicking a ball never feels
gets old now the good one oh my gosh
gonna hurt your neck are you all right
Wow I know you can get whiplash no stop
was the playground fun yeah yeah it's
getting hot out here isn't it what time
is it riding high yeah
you ready to practice your stuff yeah
don't rub it all he's been doing awesome
he learned how to acid drop just the
other day
they're good Oh try to each other Ollie
yeah look at you did every time you do
it every time did you just ask to drop
again yeah I'm proud of you buddy I love
you
hey we ready go on get some get some
dinner
Wow all right I'm not a cop I'm a
dolphin traitor oh dear whoa
it's father-son dinner picnic time in
our living room or family room
whichever it is this quesadilla yeah
lucky you like ever no my desk it a mess
but I do have an awesome earthbound
mouth man
all right so riding this plane Mario
right now which I let him play video
games for about 20 minutes a day and
I've got to get cracking on take over
the world so mom's gonna be home shortly
but either way I'm going to spend at
least five hours on this computer
tonight just editing come on hello hi
like how the Sun is like right in
arrivals how was work good sort of money
here and back to editing it took me like
30 minutes to find a couple files I need
my gosh
editing is such a slow process sometimes
I think the fastest thing ever sewn is a
slow but right it's bedtime so I'm going
to end this video finally and I'm going
to keep editing that something to it
let's go get riding get him tucked in
and all that is it though this was a day
in the life video six I hope you guys
loved it it was a it's a busy day
sometimes my days are like that which
there's a bunch of things to do but
they're exciting and sometimes I just
sit in a computer and film of a YouTube
video real quickly I always kind of
course always hang out this guy because
being a dad comes first
we're not there yet being a dad comes
first but if you guys like this video I
do videos all the time usually every day
if you just go down there and hit them
where it says subscribe
you're just you're signed up right then
in there to see more videos from me and
I appreciate it
hey I love you honey dad's gonna go at
it Arcadia's on the light yeah you're
going to bed say good night
they're majestic here for you guys
wow you're an adorable alright bye guys
six-five sauce okay accurate so I'm
pretty sure most people knew that but if
they didn't you guys learn something
here right now and I will see you soon
right - no because good yeah you nailed
that
