I was on computer right before I started
this video and I saw a video that said
there are more butt cheeks in the world
than people and it's it's absolutely
true I've never heard that before that
made me that's just the best way I could
start this video just longer hey dude
have you guys ever heard the thing that
there are more butt cheeks in the world
than people true it's so true
super I saw those like thoughts like
does a dog really wonder who's a good
boy like things like that I realized the
crazy thing the world not the butt
cheeks thing I realized all I am is
crazy I'm gonna show you guys I think
did you shave recently you look so
frightened that you don't you look
really I came in the room when a dollar
you look like insanely freshly shaven I
think it was the light getting here this
is okay see how straight neck yeah
what's up dude get your phone out I
realized that I have a famous kid I
don't consider a YouTube famous famous
ever like it you know but dude my kid is
famous get your phone out bring up any
text thread that's what press a little a
thing I'm going to press this little a
symbol and you type in skateboard to
search for gifts or gifts or whatever
you call it and ride in is in the center
of the page dude can you see this that's
my kid he's like every phone in the
world like every iOS if you search
skateboard he's like the dead center in
the middle of page I know like what the
fifth result is also a turtle there's
also a turtle skating but that blows my
mind I saw this in a comment and I was
like are you kidding that's crazy so
what you do is you you hit that little
arrow touch that type in skateboard okay
and that is my child I'm gonna get home
today and I'm gonna dependency beanie
for sure send it to beanie
eventually my day will lead to hanging
out with my little dude and you guys
will be here that for this but I'm gonna
show him and he is 5 so he's not going
to think anything of it or care no I
think I flip out but imagine like any
grandma at any grandma with an iPhone be
like I got picture rock on my phone you
know I have a famous kid he's on every
phone in the world except to everyone
that doesn't have an iPhone yeah but
whoever commented on my video thank you
yeah someone's made it like someone took
the time to like make
walking like a gangster the skateboard I
was so excited to skate because
yesterday was beautiful and today is
like this it is disgusting so I'm sorry
that this is another video stuck in the
Shred quarters but I'm eventually going
to be at home and do some like skate
training in the garage with ridin up
I'll make a fun day out of it but I'm
going to try a new trick I've never done
a full cab flip on the hip I'm gonna try
do it can you do it I don't know if I
can't fakies we really we're on hips you
me but it's skate training guys let's do
this
I am terrible at dating safety on him
stuff if it goes downhill from here I'm
sorry
I'm the other guys in the future
everybody gosh black lads cavalry
brought to you by a truck
what oh I thought you could cite cycle
and all the users in your company sighs
glad that sounds like a company name
alright so I'm done skateboarding I'm
going to go home I have this is a crazy
week for me and for those of you who do
not watch my videos because I know a lot
of people to watch videos I have my
little JIT in it are people that are
probably hard to subscribe to me already
so I own and operate a skateboard a
couple skateboard companies and its
online skate shop that's why I'm
surrounded by all this stuff and I'm
going to do a video tomorrow like a day
to life where I talk all about my
business and stuff and go a little more
detail about that so tune in that need
to hit the subscribe button right down
there if you just has subscribe you'll
cook it you're signed in to see more
videos for me but I'm going to go home
and get cleaned up and then I'm going to
switch over to dad mode and it's going
to be fun tell you guys I might not come
in tomorrow my just sit at home and edit
if that's ok
I swear you guys have to think I live in
Seattle so disgusting out I just want
one day where I get to go outside and
film it's been such a gross here in
Cincinnati what's on their mind worth a
lot all back but we are home I think you
little guy came back here I got washed
up and now we're going to do some
father-son stuff I sent ridin upstairs
to clean his playroom because he like he
kind of made a mess last night so you
got to get to go with me to see if he
actually cleaned it I have to do these
dishes today and I don't want to do the
dishes there's a dumb thing to complain
about because I really don't mind like
daily household chores and stuff things
you got to do but I am so busy with
Megan YouTube videos and I have to edit
take over the world the second
full-length skate video from revived
skateboards that I don't have time for
dishes but
all right just look at right now since
your sword fighting whatever this at me
your playroom better be queens sir let's
go look immediately pokemon cards
everywhere you mildly cleaned up over
there there's still a sleeping bag
did you sleep up your issue but it is
like I was man you literally just push
everything over there but you gotta put
it away in your room dude ah sorry this
is life but you're lucky because first
we're going to go do some father-son
stuff and then you gotta clean this up
okay okay so are you like playing like a
huge game of Go Fish or are you actually
like sorting your cards I'm like put it
on like this either all greens and then
they go in the binder the wrong way
they're supposed to face this way red
like dragon come here I gotta show you
something okay when I said like when I
say like my kid is famous I'm joking I
actually don't like the idea that
someone thinking they're better than the
other person so I think it's crazy that
everyone with an iPhone can just type in
one word skateboard and ride and pops up
did I show you this watch this look
anyone that has an iPhone go into
messages if I could work my iphone
alright let's go to just and Lana ker
alright look we're going to hit this
button I'm going to type in skateboard
who shows up isn't that crazy
he's cancelling that's not chef Jeffrey
that's just a turtle right there there
is isn't that amazing I don't just say
again I'm not trying to be a gist ago
saying my son's famous I just think it's
really crazy that anyone with an iPhone
like you can do it right now and you'll
be like sure enough that pops up so uh
dude that's really cool I don't know who
made that so thank you guys for river
making it I love you ready you're on
everyone's phone the whole world now
alright I'm actually going to stop the
video right here I thought this was
going to be like a short video end up
filming a bunch and it felt like two
separate themes in the videos so tune in
tomorrow for the rest of this little
vlog asad continuation and I do some
skateboarding with ride in and we just
hang out for a little bit so uh that'll
be there and the day in life that I
talked about will be on Sunday so thank
you guys so much for watching hit that
subscribe button down there if you want
to see more and see you guys tomorrow
what
Oh No stay right there right
man you're defeated while I'm in the
back
that was a great backflip
oh man your battle not going to finish
it
oh you did not just karate-chop you too
you
