what is up guys so it's one of these
story videos where Steven just follows
me around with a camera this is a school
in Cincinnati I grew up skating all over
Cincinnati and this one you see have the
best ledge in skateboarding ever and no
one really cared if we skated here ever
we skated here all the time weekdays
weekends are you coming vessel we didn't
think anything of it like we never ever
it was one of those spots you know you
skate and you're like there's just
you're just guard is down you know no
one cares to be skate here I think
people just the people it worked here
like all your just skateboarding you
know at least you're not doing something
worse which is a good attitude to have
really but one day that changed just the
one day like I don't know there was like
an angry janitor and he was having a bad
day but he didn't even tell us he was
calling the cops he just called the cops
which is ridiculous because we were I
mean like we work it you know teenage
skateboarders but if you respected us
we're gonna respect you back and if you
asked us to leave we would leave we
weren't the type of kids like really get
angry like you know screw you were
skating here like we were skating around
front I broke my board and then we came
back around here the building used to be
that had the best ledge ever and I put
my pieces of board away in my friend's
trunk and my other two friends so total
of four of us the two guys were skating
the ledge we were just watching them you
know just hanging out watching her print
skate and all of a sudden two squad cars
roll up get out and say you're getting
arrested they don't have to just leave I
don't say anything they're just like
come on over here
no they cuff us literally told us for
skateboarding you know like I guess if
you're on any property they can get you
a criminal trespassing just because
that's how what they label it but
they're like you're getting the
reservoir skateboarding like vandalizing
property which I was like what do you do
I'm just sitting here I don't even have
a skateboard and they literally said
guilty by association I was like dude I
didn't like murder anybody I didn't like
robbed anyone you know I I'm watching my
friend skateboard you know sometimes you
get cops that feel like real people any
of the cops just don't care at all
because they're probably dealing with
terrible people all day
they just weren't having it they
arrested US they put four of us
handcuffed together in the back of us
odd card which is illegal but you know
they didn't care at all and it was super
painful like imagine having your hands
behind your back smashed in the backseat
next to three other full-grown dudes you
know I mean we were 16 17 so we were
full ground at that point and we got to
we got to juvenile hall like we had been
given like a ticket here in there for
skating
we had been taken to the cop shop we
usually call it just like the local
police department but this time they
took us to juvenile hall I mean we like
we're laughing about the whole situation
cuz if anyone has like what do you what
did you guys do it's like I was watching
my friend's skateboard I was guilty by
associated with skateboarders I'm gonna
set my I'm gonna sit down here and put
this board together so I can skate it oh
do they got all the hardware in my
pocket too
oh that's this type of stuff you deal
with growing up those skateboards this
was like the early 2000s and people got
it differently now you've been arrested
for skating dude i movie go skating
these days like it's very it's kind of
rare that we actually even get kicked
out because like skateboarding is so
widely accepted like I'm not going to
skate an office building right next to
the window or like you know like I'm
done they're gonna ask me to leave so I
like come back at a different time I
don't know and turn out to try to hurt
people's lives by skateboarding but dude
but like back in the day man you did
people like jumping out of their car
like we skated by target one time and a
lady furiously Rhett we were just
skating by target okay like the same is
walking by riding a bike by and this
lady flew out just red in the face
I stopped I like I normally I would just
keep going by but she was so angry I was
like she was just yelling at me and I
was I just let her yell and I was like
you clearly have so much more bad things
going on in your life and you're that
upset about kids skateboarding by your
store and I just went she had to get so
mad especially coming from like somebody
that she thought was a punk teenager I
got arrested my dad wasn't mad he was
like he thought it was ridiculous too
but he had to come like get me out of
jail it was a their kids jail ever you
know juvenile hall he was like I'm just
mad I didn't know you were there you
know 2002 we don't have cell phones
nowadays my dad would totally know I'm
here I should call my should call my dad
and tell him yeah I remember when we
were in the jail cell like you can take
a room honestly it feels like you're in
like a science fiction laboratory where
they're like test subject says
everything is white all the rooms are
white and
have this glass front where you can just
see everybody else and we started to do
push-ups just to do push-ups and that
got people mad like people hated us in
there
they were like banging on the glass like
like going like this trying to fight us
and I was like dude like we even
couldn't talk to each other because like
it's like glass you know like glass big
room there behind glass and like people
are just mad and they had to move us
there like literally everybody in this
place wants to wants to fight you so
we're going to put you over here so
really all right whatever it's a past
the time because we were in there for
like an hour or two while our parents
came and like had to do paperwork and
stuff we like took our socks off and
hacky sack and then the guard can use
you can't do that because they take
everything away from you when you get
booked like take your wallet you know
your keys everything you know if they
had cellphones you surely wouldn't have
those and but so that we had our shoes
and nobody know I have we didn't have
shoes I think I take your shoes yeah
because like I guess you get hit some it
was I don't know but they don't take
your socks and you can turn that and you
just put it so this is for anyone who
gets arrested you need a path time in
jail when the guards aren't looking you
bunched your socks up together like two
of them to make a ball and you can hacky
sack that doing this good depends it
passes the time at least we were like in
there with our friends because if they
would have put us in with everyone else
we probably would've got beat up hey or
here's a random kid they got booked for
skateboarding like and he looks like a
guy good fight
the guy came in he's great guy you can't
have you second I was like what does
this hurt you and then he said to do
this thing is like you know I know Gary
Collins I used to skate so Gary Collins
is a og skateboarder he still skates
owns ruins from skateboards Galaxies
skate shop killing it in the contagion
scene guy dropped his neighborhood
recalled so crazy to think that people
get that mad about skateboarding because
like especially like you're like
destroying property like some people
spaz out and like smash things like that
wasn't us we were literally just skating
something that had already been skated
for years and you know we don't even got
like I'm pretty sure the principal of
the school came out and like I don't
care what up have a good day guys it was
like Tony Hawk kind of changed
everything like with Tony Hawk pro
skater about how people like perceive
skateboarders and that was like slowly
like we weren't Punk's but the people
would like to see like it's bad now but
it's like it was terrible back then if
you were a skateboarder in like the late
90s and early 2000 everyone just assumed
you did drugs
or sold them or we're going to like
smash a window or something that is
something people think skateboarding
like like they think the simple act of
rolling is going to just like you're
gonna kill the ground like no I'm not
that's my story about how I got arrested
here so I took that ledge out and we
used to set bike racks off this this is
I was super fun I one time did a
boardslide off one I was like no I tried
to lipslide first and my board broke in
half just imagine because ever happening
like your board just which I got out of
it yeah that's the that is the trick to
do it on but that hasn't happened to me
all along
had I skated asked you to tell me yet Oh
Dex when I grow up and they were always
pretty good to me but you know every
skateboard to do that oh yeah right
don't suck it'd be amazing if I put my
truck on backwards which I've never done
you're done that so you'd be that one
guy like it isn't talking as if you're
like oh yes I just skateboarding and
you're like clearly putting a truck on
backwards like gosh you're an idiot
I would man up to it I would be like
yeah I'm an idiot another thing they
took our skateboards and they made it
really hard so basically we got like
arrested at the begin of the week and
they were like and on Friday we're we're
throwing your skateboards away and as a
teenager like not having a skateboard is
the worst thing ever like having to buy
a new complete yeah it was the worst we
made it happen well I didn't because I
didn't have a skateboard but like I
remember go with my friends and they
feel like you have like between like
three right to 45 and 3 o'clock speaker
boards like we can't get to this part of
town in time like because we have to go
to high school so we managed to do it
somehow like we got here the last second
on Friday and they like took us through
the building like gave them gave them
back their skateboards but being people
my gosh okay boarding can save lives
okay if you don't want a skateboarder in
property be a nice person and relief if
you're doing something that bothers
somebody you don't want just like well
I'm going to call the cops on you right
now talk to him be a human being
yeah just be be a nice person all right
guys right so I got my new setup
together I'm gonna do a little bit of
skateboarding which isn't much but uh
we'll see what happens this guy will
kill it Scout kill for us you want your
audio back
how do you put
and brigham will stop me the battery
died so not that was the craziest skate
session I actually felt like I was 14
again like skating just like a knee-high
drop but that was fun I mean I like
skating in all forms like I had a good
time but yeah there's my little story I
know you guys have been digging these
like documentary-style videos that uh
Steven does wonderful on if I think of
like fun stories that you guys might dig
I'll do it again but any videos here all
the time so uh how many times we gonna
say ah cheese hit the subscribe button
it's just right down there so subscribe
I do pretty much whatever I thinks
entertaining I do a lot of videos of my
little dude which are my most popular I
have a five year old son is the best
that's it guys so guys have a great day
and it looks like this outside where you
live go out and skate and if you don't
skateboard hello get into something cool
we gonna play zelda gosh that game kills
the new zelda rocks that's it though we
out I'm gonna snap the outer out and
then you didn't edit it properly so now
I'm just sitting here talking cool
it's funny how like you know as a scaper
you never know you literally never know
because it's just the right person that
just is angry at the world is around you
like they could just change your day
like we got talked to at a spot downtown
that cops have been waving at us and
telling us we could skate for I've been
skating for like 19 years now 18 years
and then just the other day they got out
and they're like they were gonna arrest
us but like they realized that I was
like a level-headed person I was like
look like this is what's up we're not
hurting anything and there's and they
but they were super they were they call
it back up for like three skateboarders
that were cooperating I just let us go
but you never know moral moral of today
don't trust anyone
that's not an appositive role don't
trust someone out alone Sam
you
