when they're hard to push it that bad
you did good dude let me out of breath
yeah Alex got here extremely fast oh gee
Tacey are you are you out of breath I
teleport you're going to be trilogy time
it is the third trilogy we is a return
to the casing we cut the board you
skated it twice before we're going to
cut it again here skated again in the
last episode of episode previously if
you are complaining that you weren't
happy weren't warmed up enough no no not
enough trick somebody said tricks I
really did more tricks in my way oh
sponge now there's like like four okay
you're warmer with 22 me son likes to be
here because my challenge a better view
nollie and then we're going to cut the
board and then you're in a 10 minutes do
five tricks huh and we'll tell you what
the Turks are to recap everything he
just said you are going to do 20 tricks
or Mel because someone said there wasn't
a skating last week for us Wednesday
mystery challenge time I'll come up with
that on a spot and then the last
challenge the board is already two
triangles singing out it's going to get
a third one it's going to be very tough
you get $50 if you do not break it
alright let's say any board you pick
three little chunks out of it probably
going to break yeah unless your baby
footage I mean be delicate okay there's
not a lot of wood left on skateboard
interview so yeah your 50 bucks if you
don't forget to spray-paint your shoes
yeah yeah will you do yeah okay everyone
turn around and get out of here oh yeah
sure my god I'm blinded by the Sun you
think that we that would have I just
immediately ended the where else
Wednesday like I wouldn't happen you
asked for it though I thought you're
kicking your shoes oh really okay sorry
if you if you if you can throw the
football hands like you know like like
that I'm gonna talk cameras you haven't
to throw the camera right yet we're here
we are
Casey so you gotta do the 20 tricks on
your normal mode and think there are 20
tricks and paper oh sure judge start
with 5 on the mini ramp alright and if
you like rock begging no no not that but
anything else would you even have 50
bucks in cash Oh gross what a little
fakie bonk rock
because an account comes up
oh my gosh wha and it's boring
yeah you could have to ruin the line
dude what colossal braid start and I was
like that would be so cool we did in one
line your Signac I've done for a while I
quit the fifth that's that one does that
count
alright well let you do your six trick
for tricks on the main event seventh
trick oh I was waiting that's eight
tricks so two more on this what that is
nope pick it out right here it's going
to be that's a higher pocket that would
not work nine tricks one more going
this gating is quite touching we did 10
tricks 10 halfway you want to go box oh
we want to go box they start on the news
guys you are yes apparently 11th trick
you want to five tricks on this
okay fit you can't meet him heart saw
well what was that Brian you don't
really judge that good job haha yeah
sure jun 13 2013 11
oh my god I feel like I should do
something I don't know who to high-five
high-five you 15 drips down right yeah
let's do some hip action hips for
Churchill the hip than the last trick
view whatever you want
okay me o'clock around 180 no and be
honored
wow that was really bright 17 two more
to go on this you didn't just shove it I
mean it's just warm up Athenaeum for a
second now he's going to be very very
19 tricks result Olivia less trick
how about snippy on there but it's doing
the flat part of it
watch the dollar here oh you didn't need
to do a video on the video getting down
it they just get the last trick with the
nollie flips I think awesome off your
Denali for the curb for your last right
yeah all right whatever
oh yeah cameras like touching the ground
I'm a free man good job now I got a
thing about a mystery challenge you see
that wagon over there I don't even know
why we have that wagon we did that for
free the red one yeah apparel for you
have to throw the wagon through the car
without it touching the sides oh my gosh
okay let's pull the pull them all belts
out here was kind of hard hard one it's
going to throw it through this see how
much clearance you have the wheel
they're going to be walking around
everywhere if they're straight they
should be straight no way yeah it's like
barely yeah dude
not you almost did it but you just
didn't throw it up high enough all right
I think you hit it yeah we're going to
come up a skateboard yeah let's add
another triangle
alright everyone else in the world don't
saw near a bunch of wires yeah yeah
we got oh it's pretty good for goofy
footer yesterday
oh dude right here do not land right
there
that's the weak spot I hope it up five
tricks you have chemin esta dome will
tell you which ones to do and if you get
50 bucks if you do not break the
skateboard a lot of dough weave right on
it nigga literally but do a 50/50 180
for the first trick just to test the
waters okay Swiss Army knife you gotta
go at once Rick down if any all right
second that's your freebie was it scary
I mean that's a very stand on the bullet
trick alright yeah that was two nights
oh it's alright backed up look okay
don't break
oh it's Borla eat right you got it
today you got hit but you got you by the
one of the edges oh wow that be a
horrible you got myself uh the
hell is your sock dealing these it talks
pretty phat
that was the best backflip he's ever
done probably all right now all think
it's been 29 seconds dude that was
better than what has been between her
pauses in between trans weren't you you
were like over there like Steve you've
hurt yeah I'm gonna pause during this
yeah you're right you're right
that was better than your normal magnet
lips thank you so that's your new board
from that well should be every board a
downtown alley the five she would get a
break should we make him do another
trick before that make it do it make it
do it last okay then nollie lipslide if
you've all you lipslide yeah we'll get
does a dumb rail our yeah
don't break it thank gonna put your ice
maker back on i happen online
nollie lip yeah we crack I jump off
immediately here not hers I heard it was
a crackle man it looks it doesn't look
bad right there is it a little bit but
it's very tiny no I'll just have to do
it like like that that's sure that'll
help you're really but you know this is
the weak spot so if you put it over here
be way better
oh my gosh they've been minimal yeah
alright just turn it off the thing is
not going to last 10 minutes
let's not forgive them 50 bucks for this
irie flip to fakie on the big one you're
in the biggest we don't want you to win
we want to spray-paint your shoes we
can't answer it just watch the weak spot
oh my gosh
he knows how to put a streetscape over
six minutes and 50 seconds it always
pretty fun
Holly the fosters the last one I think
you got it okay so Olli tell me you've
been really good about your feet if you
mess up it will break I have to if you
have my bolt absolutely this is a good
way to teach you how to land properly oh
my god how amazing this woman go I was
really good dude you know for you like I
landed on it like this you're so good at
your feet need some running through your
foot on I'm here to blame oh yeah I
would say that the boar is very durable
but you landed it perfectly but the
board is durable but you landed
perfectly also you did get Brian's
getting your 50 bucks now that I think
about it I don't know if this was worth
50 bucks but we like your change for a
20 how many cash on me it's okay if I
have to do you give him 60 Nam's
oh you're responsible well good job
thanks for enduring the the saw blade
series a trilogy you didn't hurt my shin
yeah and the boards in one piece that's
amazing
I want to experiment with different
shapes sticking with it I want to cut
out and they're like I want to cut out
like only where you kickflip and only
where the pocket is it's like impossible
escape so if we do do another cut of
your skateboard - where else Wednesday
this guy is not going to be it now that
I said that you know your intro
congratulations you have 50 bucks your
channel popped up right there on top of
Brian's head just click about Brian's
eyes they'll take you to his channel
it's also in the info you did good dude
thank you yeah you videos here every
single day of course as the where else
Wednesday Series every week so if you
guys want to see more from me the
subscribe button is right below the
video you've got to click where
subscribe and you're signed up to see
more videos and I will see you guys
tomorrow
that's it did you hit the bat and hit
the bat
and you stir the crap oh yeah I wanted
to go to
