right it commander I had a plan and I
want you to do with me okay I have an
idea Paul all right you might know what
it is it is to go on a treasure hunt
I think I know where a map is and you're
gonna have to use it to find some
treasure are you down
what yeah so I got this bad idea we're
going to go to where I worked where I
have set up a little treasure treasure
time and Adams got to find it
are you how good are you gonna be at
this okay I'm gonna be cool for you
you're gonna be dancing yeah awesome
give me five all right so let's dance to
the car and go to the warehouse a
treasure on time okay all right let's go
the warehouse is actually super fun in
general because there's stuff we can
skateboard there we can play with nerf
guns then we can go outside and treasure
hunt right yeah and play your plan
you're gonna play with your hands right
you got my hand you putting your shoes
on no you put your socks on then issues
all right don't get off the camera I
remember cameras get tickled my garage
Apple get ready trap what does a zebra
sound like oh yeah I don't know either
but it rice is just on the course
because there's a little bit as easy and
like
all in stormtrooper Wow all right let's
go yeah it is drugs run time let's do
this now I am secretly iron man I got it
Deloitte's there's a baseball bat well
that's a metal baseball so if you
haven't seen my videos before I own a
skateboard company this is my private
skate park and then we have an online
skate shop over there but this is where
we're doing our treasure and we're doing
it outside today so what about going on
an adventure basically ooh did you hear
that
and someone knocked at the door let's go
get it that was weird wasn't it it's the
weekend no one should be here is anyone
here oh I don't see anybody whoa what
whoa what is this
I tried oh man a treasure map we got to
follow it dude let me let's read it okay
he where treasure dawg okay it goes like
that it says beware of this treasure map
no one has made it out alive dude should
we do this yeah are you sure what where
are we
I'm like mom or oh you think this is the
driveway we're at oh my gosh that's
right there okay so we have the rock
mountain that's right over there you see
it okay hold on let's regional the
mounds of malice were the X probably
where our treasure is oh yeah that's
that's a skull rock though no I think
yeah and you go to the X first okay but
then over here there's the lake of death
let's not go there
then that says The Forgotten field is
all like alright I think it's the green
section but no one's made out of life
should we do this
yeah okay gosh your mom's going to be
super bummed if we just go on a treasure
I'd never come back that might be the
lake of death look at it that's our
embarrass block you're walking into the
lake of mud right there get on the dirt
here
you think maybe they meant to say the
lake of duck alright so the first thing
we get is rock mountain where's that you
go explore Rock Mountain there's one
thing is we can't climb on all these
rocks because that's probably why
everyone has not made it out a lot
they're unsteady and you could fall this
one's not so bad but let's walk around
it
oh my gosh I see something is it marked
on the map no there's nothing marked on
the map here what is it it's chalk
should we take it walk heck yeah our
first treasure oh thank you good nail ok
wait in the mountains of malice but it
looks it looks like it kind of like
bends into an opening okay what might be
over me go let's go investigate dude I
don't see anything unless your treasure
was mud mm-hmm so here guys we got keep
going alright guys I think we're very
close but Bailey be very careful when
you going all right what what is it you
see to me oh you just ate it are you
okay
you are faking it hey if you're her
grand Khan I knew it you found treasure
get it I knew it was that looks like
what so what do you all get new what you
found
oh my where'd you get that ball you pass
them two more this is an old piece of
paper isn't it yeah the secret to
finding the crystal of destiny lies at
skull rock you're there yeah are you
sure you want to do this yeah I'm really
sure it's up there so we gotta go we
can't travel over like Mordor we gotta
go around okay
Hecky on the pokemon cards oh let's
leave the treasure here for now okay and
we'll come back all right
yeah maybe is also a treasure in school
was that a rock what now do you think
the rock looks like a skull war I'm
getting a little creeped out this is a I
think this is the place where people
don't make freak it out man all right
now I'm cool Michael come on if he looks
like a skull ridin just look around this
is the last Rock what ah I don't you all
show me oh my gosh that is a skull
riding someone a long time ago drew a
very terrible skull on this rock and
that's why it's named skull rock
Wow it just says the secret lies of
skull rock we need to look around okay
well you go that way I'll go over here
I'm gonna look over here is it here no
do what no pain you found another clue
okay what does it say yeah
don't forget hmm what does I call it
it's regarding field so that's right
there
you think we should go there yeah you
see you think this is the way the
crystal of destiny
oh my gosh you're getting what oh my
gosh
open it up Oh oh my gosh
you just find the crystal destiny Joe
yeah you get it
Wow what are gonna do with it oh do you
think a bigger ball is going to roll
down and attack us like an Indiana Jones
or snakes sir to death let me snakes out
here let's try to get back we are get
the rest of the treasure okay oh my gosh
riding there's Dementors coming from the
lake let's get out here come on
come on we have unite here but first
we're going to Pokemon we've seen
Aladdin Rock when this escape the cable
wonder if because they took the rock I
think that's what's happening right now
let's go we're almost there oh we made
it we survived ridin wow that's awesome
it's pretty cool being alive isn't there
any one so I was setting this up for
riding do the hay and I thought that why
not film and make it a fun little video
for you guys because I know my most
successful videos are just me hanging
out ridin pot of sometimes pretty
awesome and uh I like this helmet not
like do fun things with them so if you
guys want to see more videos from me I
do videos all the time there'll be a
subscribe button right down there you
just click it in your sound and see more
videos I'm actually going to keep this
video going I'm going to do a little to
skateboard in here for you guys and I
don't know we'll see what we get into
but I don't keep going for a little
longer but I appreciate you guys tuning
in for videos and yeah that was so much
fun wasn't it yeah of course you can
keep that dude and I rolled over on it
if you want you should make you should
just make your own treasure map don't
bend the cards yeah oh this was your ear
ear Mascarene there you go yeah well
there you go
treasure treasure completely well yeah
they're your treasure dude oh yeah i'll
see if i doing oh give me hug me hug
after Stan that was very nice you did -
thank you I love you waffle I'm really
bad at manual tricks usually but I'm
gonna try some grind - manuals which I
never ever do I don't think I've ever
done it can you fill me yeah okay
but this time I'm going to try the five
automate you okay careful which I
definitely have never done in my life
unless you see me do it and you know
more about me than I do yeah I'm so bad
man thanks for filling buddy well that
was a dinky one but after smashing the
camber of the ground I'm going to stop
it maybe I'll come up later by myself
but just have a full-on skate session
I'm getting shuffled off there and
you're doing it like surprisingly well
actually it's Facebook time cat you'll
fall off yeah
I think does a home run derby my basis I
mentally ran them really fast you didn't
see me I ran so fast not you in let's go
we were here much longer than I was
planning on being and we got to go home
to eat some lunch don't we its food time
we could eat some spiders Ron we're not
getting a giraffe we are home aren't we
all right so we're about done with this
video but we're going to reply some
comments from our last father-son video
which was a food test at least when we
filmed this it was the last one we did
it we did a weird food test and riding
Rockets you did so good you remember
that
why yeah read some comments and we'll
talk about do you have those jelly beans
in the US where each color has one ninth
taste and one bad taste
if so you and riding shigeko's that is
crazy because we literally I literally
bought those this morning I was like
that'd be kind of fun to do with riding
you pointed it out you were walking it
out yeah so he said this last three days
ago but uh yes Dale we we have those
were to do a video on it hood fights
with Z says are you at JW Marriot
because I see someone who looks like you
but I don't know for sure if it's used
it's not me I've been to Cincinnati for
a few weeks now I'm not stayed at I
think I've ever stayed in a JW Marriot
do you really say doppelganger the in
the US how do you pronounce that I
pronounce doppelganger s Nana Nana Nana
13 13 13 13 14 so it cleans me the
random gamer says I don't like mustard I
don't like what you like the mustard in
the video remember yeah I see yeah you
like them they're like the flavored
muster the blackcurrant Israel Ramirez
says your videos are so cool when we say
to Israel yeah thanks Israel who random
cat hugs on complexed gaming says you're
supposed to cook the squid and I totally
believe you're supposed to cook the
squid of course written in Japanese so I
didn't really know what it was saying
and it just seemed like a packet where
we could eat it but it did not work that
well at all I'll link this video at the
end of this video so you guys can watch
it it was squid was terrible yeah
oh you did not solve it it's like the
one food that made me like filled cheesy
bread dr. Levi says love the hair run
you just got a haircut
I think we got a haircut like before we
filmed that video we got a haircut or he
did and then we might home in film the
video one glacial says I wonder how he'd
react to ketchup chips popular here in
Canada also I've never even heard of
ketchup chips maybe we'll order lows
offline whoa it might be something I've
had that I just didn't know what they
were what they were
give me back my ketchup chip give me
back my ketchup kid all right last one
Sean Sean says please make a Lego video
and we've done we actually have a whole
channel called turbo toy time so I just
yeah we do a lot of toys videos and
including Lego videos so just click
right there it popped up and you can go
over to server toys time and see all the
videos we do including some Legos and
this probably goes up on a day that we
did a turbo toy to have a new one so
there will be over there and at the end
of this video and in the info but that
is it thank you guys for watching this
video hope you liked the random treasure
hunt idea we had fun with it and if this
you know you guys really do like this
video give it a thumbs up and maybe I'll
do a more elaborate treasure on someday
that'd be kind of fun you enjoy multiple
Apple why yeah make sure you hit that
subscribe button and we will see you
very soon because I'm always doing
videos
I'm gonna use the force and you have to
jump back into pills okay right what wha
works every time
