Casey say man is a glorious day isn't it
as we've got cloudy as you pointed yeah
I counted it but this is your video it's
Alex's turn okay let's go do Alex Alex
get over here
do your best trick ever alright check it
yeah you're supposed to do a trick ha ha
I'm here I'm a trick right one time I
challenge you to do some tricks while
holding an egg 1 and 1 egg in your hand
you were great at it you didn't throw
the egg you didn't crush your hand
nothing and you were you're like let's
just do it you I think was your idea I
think this was like I'll do it with a
handful of eggs so I've got a dozen eggs
over there and we'll see how it fits
your hand but you're going to do a 2 per
hands okay and then we're going to bump
it up to 3 per hand if we do that okay
this is good move that if you get it
hold on where is it you get a $25 Amazon
gift card and you can literally turn
into anything on the iron yeah this is
much bonds on Amazon but I use it now I
can't talk to know exactly that was
doesn't test good job yeah let's warm up
let's do three tricks in the box and
then we're going to egg you up dude you
gotta let survive ten minutes okay five
minutes with the - yup
no we'll say six minutes with the two
and then four minutes with the three in
each answer cool what's your first trick
back half okay Oh tell you last time I'm
back though I can't tell you when the
last time this was waxed ha geez do you
remember you kick hold back tail thank
you this don't go on with a tie on kinda
you know I'll lit up I think I've done
that multiple times with a suit on that
sounds terrible whoa that was a 500
pound I don't care it sounded like a
grind and in the street it looked like a
back tail so that would be your first
trick so two more more Wow that box
sounded like you just not wanted nothing
more than to stop you but you resisted
are you okay I'm sorry I landed it don't
worry
this box is tough to skate ten inches
off the ground so it feels kind like a
curb
okay maybe nine inches off the ground
all right okay if you come on egg time I
got large eggs which seem the same size
as every other egg in the world dodo
all over do these are great a Hylian
eggs okay oh my god if they already in
there right put another hand how do you
feel nervous and cold right there
they're like really cold
ready to go on the stove or the skate
park but if I drop one game over right
yes so you're going to be skating you
have to try tricks the whole entire time
okay for ten minutes six minutes is the
two in each hand and then the last four
minutes will be free any chance could
you even fit three yeah I could do okay
good will you be my time dude
all right good all right do we got the
stopwatch I'm not ten minutes ten
minutes they're right here get going yet
that was amazing rolls around you got to
try you can't do the same trick twice oh
my gosh
Oh oh my gosh dude just tell me where
you're going to try the trick and I'll
get there just start take it off across
the skate park that was good though oh
yeah I can't really high-five you
where's your next go to the hip yeah I
want to see up in the ante a little bit
oh wow what was it can you do that you
wanna try that a nine-minute look nine
minutes did you see how terrible that
was oh wow do that I've never done will
be able to say move on if we feel like
you're trying a trick for two only
that's safe right that's what I was
thinking too much rising this and we're
calling it oh my gosh you've got 750
flip so all right keep it going on that
one that's good that's good never not
he's learning it right now so weird not
be able to pick up your stay board ID
imagine I'm really strange one more ah
euro gap I'm calling it did a year ago
okay
make the board flip okay how hard is
this so hard make sure it four minutes
deposit so we switch over to three eggs
around two minutes left of the two eggs
this is going way too fast oh geez whew
all right one minute left to see legs
all right pause it while you decide this
next trick one minute with two eggs try
Ollie gap yeah oh yes you should go do
the stairs okay all right what do you
adds of you doing this about eighty
percent I think you got it get the clock
back on alright say go Alex yeah
oh you landed it I'm so nervous
I was way more nervous with you all
right oh jeez my good man 30 seconds
yeah well I hit go when not to go out
and it took them all that okay yeah do
you like to shove a tail grab ya idiot
why you can't frontside air yeah oh wow
this is good I'll pause that maybe just
wasting time like that you have to stick
this before we switch over to the three
oh my gosh almost eight seconds on each
seconds mom he asked us ticket though
before we switch over this is off time
now because you just didn't stick it
okay you could be a wuss all day and
this challenge would be easy ah alright
alright now three eggs get a Zorro one
at least not that one and then whichever
one you want this one okay even hold all
this sometimes I think too much now how
is this vastly harder than my egg yeah
oh my god yes you're kidding me you're
not going to do this are you yes the
eggs go everywhere are you going to keep
with this if you hit the rock maybe the
funniest thing in the world don't hit a
rock visit back on
oh my gosh your hands are just like Miss
yeah pause it
that was good dude uh i'll just pat you
on the back you should see the box
three three 11350 marmalades
i think he's going to do this I hope you
three minutes three minutes left hand
yeah for about the last minute I would
polish between tribes there's a throw
your balance off whoa
this just goes to show you that if Alex
lost his hands he get even though I hate
just fine back tide xi5 yeah that was
good I'm data backed up on us he's not
okay oh yes my you're really good dude
mentally high-five you pull cab the hip
as your ender you do it yeah all right
yeah definitely pause in between because
he could just take forever anyway that's
not fair 45 things
Oh give 9 more tries left oh gee 28
seconds you're know you guys are yours
ha ha ha ha ha I was Malcolm a decimal
right there that would've been the best
thing ever
you're 28 sorry it has to flip okay Oh
carefully yeah
daddy high-five what's that mean you'll
I don't know daddy a lot of weird you
guys a trick is this a real yeah Emma
named it oh okay that I thought it was
like something people actually said I
was about late oh my gosh that were you
trying to do that Pat for 180 oh I
thought you were like trying to like
click your feet above your border then
put it back on about 18 seconds two more
drives up Austin 12 oh you can get two
more six oh yeah you got another try all
right well you did admirable dude
congratulations as long as you can grab
this oh wow that was kind I thought was
gonna be Zelda music no I know it's not
this guy has a YouTube channel and it
just popped up right there click it he
actually just put up some awesome
content recently you got to go find out
what is it yeah
and he's going to be busy Amazon
shopping oh yeah oh yeah literally just
blew away I new videos here every single
day guys so this is try button if you
want to see me more if you want to see
more of me it's super easy just the
words that subscribe below you just
click it in you're signed in to see more
videos thank you guys for watching hope
you guys have a great day and if you
skateboard go out and skate if you don't
skateboard and maybe make a grilled
cheese sandwiches enjoy it yes
mega grilled cheese sandwich with
jalapenos own makes it better use
mayonnaise instead about it I'd be good
yeah
bonus clip try to land that with the
three yeah with everything in your hand
right now oh my gosh oh I got it in man
I think Mike I think my hands are in
more of my videos my face this game hey
guys
Oh do it yeah oh you got that last try
or the intro music will rain down upon
you all right boy hey did you hear the
Thunder
look look up
