YouTube what is up guys you're taking my
mind you like doing that these days
don't you did I show you that like that
mark on the back of my neck weird a dog
bit me yeah here watch look pull the
shirt back and look at it you're a
little scared right
that's nice mature alright a long time
ago riding ass do the bean boozled
challenge know what it was like months
ago and I think you forget just forgot
about it every five because you just
turned six
I mean it was it was recent but it
wasn't it wasn't like yesterday so we're
doing it finally okay but now to target
and I bought this and we're gonna crack
it open and we're gonna do this Brian
you wanna explain to them what we're
doing here what's the situation with the
box and then what jelly bean will
evaluate cases it was good in one spot
yes so there's a bunch of flavors you
spin the spinner and you pick it and so
in since this one's tutti frutti but it
also could be stinky sock Oh so baby
ground so we're gonna open this up we're
gonna go over all the flavors and the
gross flavors and we're gonna do it and
whoever guesses the most right we're
gonna guessed whether it's good or bad
before we do it whoever guess is the
most right gets this minecraft toy right
and we cover yours did you hear that
dang it you are a trickster you don't
even wanna say anything but maybe maybe
I will maybe I won't you don't know
alright so let's get cracking you're
about to get bean boozled dude
I can't it open this you're falling over
I can't open this there we go
open did it is a nice box safely do not
toss his errs alright here's the box
it's a nice presentation although it's
look likes many open doors they didn't
don't worry hold your horses if you take
a right show them the spinner so yes
there's the spinner here's the flavours
what happens we spin it let me go
fishing you try to find the jellybeans
and wait and we make the guess whether
it's good or bad here goes first me I
get to go first
all right let's just go above the colors
are fast there's caramel corn / moldy
cheese dog fur canned dog food
there's buttered popcorn / rotten Angus
that's gross isn't it that's disgusting
strawberry banana smoothie / dead fish
that's not bad
yeah toothpaste even said my bad you
don't eat it though do okay good there's
lime / lawn clippings you want to eat a
barf jelly beans
that's disgusting there's tutti frutti /
stinky socks there's coconut spoiled
milk and that's that's in all right so
I'm going first
alright dun dun dun dun lime / lawn
clippings easy alright so what is it
just like it's just like a green one
okay here's one here it is I think this
is gonna be bad because that's my luck
it's lime kinda get it right is so good
my gosh is delicious alright you go I'm
spinning
we'll be play until we get all them
juicy pear / booger all right what you
think it's can be good or bad used to be
a booger Pam he's a pear
we both got wrong you were both eating
delicious jelly beans huh like the best
way to be wrong I don't really like the
one in case like Glee APPA no TJ come
here maybe the fact is that you just do
like paper caramel corn / moldy cheese
mighty deep it's disgusting I think it's
this one read it
it's got little specks on it me I'm
gonna go bad again tastes terrible hold
again I got one point there you go the
purple coconuts are spoiled milk coconut
and what's out one of the white spoiled
milk you got to eat it you have to eat
it
yeah did you say good you guess bad you
did get bad one point each is it
disgusting
weed what you're not gonna die this is a
safe to do it by the way they sell these
at every candy store
tie game so far it's my turn go blue
berry berry blue or toothpaste I'm gonna
say good I think I'm gonna have good
luck on this one it is so delicious
point one that point to me
that was so good it wasn't the best joy
being I've had in a long time right I
really had that many in a long time
looks so good ooh
buttered popcorn sauce rotten egg you
need to be good alright get up close
needed
oh is it bad leader what it's not a fat
 what it is buttered popcorn then
why do you freak out they just kind of a
mental game it takes me a second to
realize it that really was okay two
points each
Oh tutti fruitti / stinky socks well
that's the one you want to do do you
want to do this at the same time this
would be a double round we should have
been doing this the whole time all right
look tutti frutti all right I think I
think wait I think I have the bad one
the good one it's two to two I got the
bad one so you got a point I said bad
then I get a point three points whoo
let's just do the next view it's not
spinning we'll just do it okay we still
need to do chocolate pudding
/ canned dog food my gosh all right I
think I got the canned dog food wait
wait you think you have canned dog food
or good okay we both think we're bad oh
my gosh that's terrible you got kid dog
food too I'll leave with gunpoint that
was the grossest job you know you eaten
in my life I'm pretty sure canned dog
food tastes better than this canned dog
food it was disgusting under its
dormouse I'm gonna swallow yet all right
oh we got to do strawberry banana
smoothie a dead fish I'm afraid of these
now this is disgusting wait wait we got
a guess I think I have the good one all
right
it's pretty mild I think I have dead
fish which means you have before and I
have four you got smoothie yeah this is
that fish oh my god not as bad as a
canned dog food it's delicious good okay
so it means you're four on the for the
final one because we've done them all
what are the final one to see who wins
chocolate pudding slush canned dog food
how do you think you got the dog food or
chocolate pudding
alright I'm gonna go with dog food so if
you got oh man I got the dog food again
you got it too which means I win and get
up here is it dog food we just did for
dog foods right that's disgusting
all right so I guess right that means
I'm at 5 points you're at 4 good game
ridin this is mine and I'm going to not
surprisingly give it to you off camera
riding just ate a dead fish that's
disgusting
okay you're done with this for you can
eat more off-camera let's let's do your
prize so you can get these guys who do
you think you're gonna get well who do
you who do you want to get you do get
that yeah the infernal cow I hope you
get that I got a school that's really
cool hands down the coolest one on the
box like a Red Cow there's pretty cool
ones alright so yeah you know what I
didn't know this was so much of a game
with a spinner I probably should have
put this on our other channel turbo toy
time but it's here and if you guys like
this we do a lot of games and toys over
on that channel twice a week so I'll put
the link right in the info about the
game it's fun it's super fun it is very
gross when you get a bad one like that
dog canned food was disgusting the dead
fish is disgusting like that they're
legit
don't hurt you they don't make me even
feel sick to your something early they
just taste really bad yeah why the
County Line is delicious I'm gonna have
another oblique line yeah yeah yes but
that's it thank you guys for watching I
do videos all the time years
you just got dead fish again I do
skateboarding videos lifestyle videos
all the time so hit the subscribe button
right below the video if you want to see
more and if you want to be notified
right away when I do a video hit the
bell button that would extremely help
and I appreciate that that's it I'm
gonna go eat lunch with my son which o
is not going to be booger or stinky
socks
you're gonna eat more of these you have
five more all right thanks watch a video
thanks for watching guys nail clipper
thank you oh that one the lawn clippings
yeah that'll happen
Ryan Bracken watch this Ryan Bracken got
this and I saw it I was like I want to
buy that that's that's funny it's the
weirdest musical instrument ever here
you do it mate after your screaming
watch no no get down here red water guys
