YouTube what's up guys so I am making a
video how to dark side I'm going to tell
you how I do it and just hopefully it
will help you I wasn't going to make
this video originally because I do in
kind of a unique sort of way I'm going
to teach you I'm going to show you how
everyone else does it but I'm actually
going to like go into more detail on how
I do it because that's the way I know
how to do it for those of you who do not
know a dark slide is where you slide
across the obstacle with the board
upside down so you're going to do a half
kickflip normally land on the obstacles
slide across it flip it back out and
roll away on the wheels if someone told
you differently then they're probably
messing with you okay and your friends
you need more honesty and you can use it
in your relationship okay come on I
highly suggest that you know how to do a
few different board slides and no sizing
grinds in general because that's the
sort of momentum and feeling that you're
going to get on a skateboard with a dark
slide okay
and with this in such a trick when you
get into it upside down that if you're
not used to how a board slides on a rail
or ledge it's going to be weird so make
sure you can do a boardslide for sure
make sure you have a solid ollie and a
kickflip and that's when you can try to
this trick like you don't have to be pro
do this trick I learned it when I was
skating for like a year and I was able
to land it and I was I felt like I was a
superhero I went to school the next day
and told everybody and only the people
that skated cares why are you talking to
me girl in math class didn't even
respond but I heard it I'm psychic I
have a dark side board here and I did a
video on how I set this up which pretty
much if you want to run down you guy cut
the sides away from your cape but I
explained it a little more detail I'll
put a link to that video at the end of
this video if you don't know a dark
slide is where you you're going to ollie
up you're going to make the board slide
upside down all right and then you're
going to come up
ideally looking back over a rollaway now
the traditional dark slide is where you
do a tap kick flip and land with one
foot on toes and what put on the tail
and slide it out and when you dismount
you do like sort of a burial flip didn't
do it supposed to do it that way
I've done a few like that but I usually
I do it completely different first off I
slide like this I don't know why this is
just how it actually aim my feet at the
skateboard and when I get to the end I
kind of just do a half heelflip alley
and it kind of like falls off the box as
I nudged it I roll away register or
goofy foot is my regular stance yeah and
you roll away your regular standard
skateboarding is very confusing yeah
it's really strange it shouldn't name is
Amit oh sorry I'm pretty sure the way I
do it is referred to as a rally dark
siding which is just because he was like
one of the first dudes out there to do
it like like this so if you do like it
this way know that there are pros that
do it just like this and I looks cool I
mean anyway you're sliding upside down
in your skateboard is pretty awesome so
the first thing I'm going to suggest is
that the grip tape if you don't want to
do this to your skateboard that's fine
but if you don't cut away your grip tape
it's going to be kind of hard to slide
okay depending on the surface if you're
going to get a lot of marks on the side
of your board it just destroys your
board so if you have an old deck that
you can do this to I do suggest putting
together a dark slide board if you're
going to try a dark slide just
understand that your board is probably
going to be gross looking at the end of
the session with that said you're going
to have to make sure
we'll use wax on the edge if you need to
and I mean you can even cut away the
nose if you want to also I do that if
you actually commit to it you do your
pickleball did you flip up and head on
it like the usually the worst case
scenario is just you running away from
the trick don't let it be a big fearful
thing okay just try it constantly go
slow and do your half cake lift lands
and get on like this without moving out
to great start to this trick the Traxxas
versus go really slow just like that and
that's a really good way to start it and
with this trick your feet are going to
be so sloppy especially at first like
I've been doing this trick for a long
time and I still lay it with like
hopefully on the truck but just get used
to doing exactly what I did is there and
and as you get more comfortable just go
a little faster and a little sliding
here you know just take it a little
parlor and eventually just go go with
full speed I'm going to try so see right
there I didn't slide a lot of it but if
I was going to try to land it totally
gonna happen right there so I just got
speed is my half kickflip put my feet up
there confidently don't let yourself be
too afraid of this confidence is a great
thing in skateboarding handrails and
stairs if you're more confident that you
are talented you could get hurt but this
one like just if you can get your board
up there like just jump on it and see
how it feels
9 times out of 10 you're going to be ok
once you do that a few times you realize
you're getting to the end of the ledge
you're really just going to want to try
to give it a little nudge don't think
super strong he'll flip because you're
only doing catch on appeal flip and then
at the same time we've been going off
the end of the ledge and gets to not
naturally want to put that way so just I
don't even think about do hard I just
kind of give it a little nudge when I'm
going off of it and it flips out easier
than you'd think
no you're gonna want to like push on
this and hopefully the combination of
pushing backwards on your tail ever so
slightly and the heel flip will Vega go
90 degrees you'll land and roll away now
with that said I'm going to put it all
together and we'll see how long it takes
me to land it is a tough trick you know
sometimes I'll land them in five tries
sometimes it'll land up in 20 but I'm
going to land one here for you right now
so that did take a while
thank you me trouble I landed the one
we're like my tail went down and I
flopped it to get the cleaner one it
took me like 20 tries so I'm not going
to do the other kind I'm going to show
you some slow motions of John Hill doing
to other kind of very good I personally
like this one better I've done the other
kind but it's just I don't know it just
feels way less natural and I think I'm
the weird person
but if you're like me I hope that helps
you a couple pointers that I want to
that remind me when I was trying it is
that you want to get like that okay if
you go that it's much more likely to
scratch the grip tape and come to a stop
and stick and not go get to make sure
your tail is right there the dismount on
this is like a roll of the die like it's
just really tough sometimes so it
sometimes it'll and Premo sometimes it's
going to flip it's just kind of tough
you just kind of kind of keep going at
it when I said push your board back I
don't mean like physically do I'll shove
it like I said ever so slightly for a
reason you're going to kind of wanna
it's almost like holding it there for a
second can you let your front you know
you kind of like push it back just to
slice it so your front gets ahead and
the momentum will make the board go 90
degrees new roll away if that makes
sense but it gets tough around here
happens the best of us just bear with it
I do do videos here every single day so
hit the subscribe button it's really
simple here's a picture of it but you
actually ought to go below the video
click the button up to subscribe and it
you signed up to see more videos from
eating every single day that's it thanks
for watching guys is anything I didn't
cover a lot of the kids have been saying
that you say do do a lot no I'm saying
about the dark side I know but you say
like ever do I really don't can I do do
daily videos every day i do well i do i
do do daily videos i don't you do do
daily videos
true story though I learned dark slides
when I was like 15 years old and it was
like one of the tricks that I wanted to
3 pull someone's leg dark slides I was
like all my list of to do so I did and
then I was like what I can do Cuba back
lift I should try a kickback dark lip or
back dark lip whatever coke and I did it
maybe like pretty good not on camera
worst because I was 15 and I'm not even
had a camera but I did it and then I
thought I was the first one to do it and
the very next month
rodney mullen was in Thrasher doing it
really good juice when he did it
probably for me though because you know
she Fedders come out later but your move
rodney mullen no this moves happened and
it was a great move it was all his moves
from than great I'll be done okay
you sure what's up guys so I originally
was not planning on making this video
but I thought it doesn't hurt to help
tell
you
