YouTube what is up guys so I upload my
bitter today and you have a handful
tomatoes oh my gosh I love tomato soup
so uh yeah I upload my video today and
the last two days been very strange on
YouTube like I know the flow of my
channel and how how videos are supposed
to have kind of like the views they get
as they are published and the one I went
today like just didn't go to like
anyone's feed or something and the last
few days like the videos have been
barely hitting 30,000 views which we
have 1.4 million subscribers and you
know the average just a few weeks ago
like never getting sixty to a hundred
thousand or more you know sometimes I
have videos to get big and I'm not
really worried about like getting a ton
of views nessa aspect I'm not trying to
whine but it's as if something's broken
and like my view my videos are not
getting to you guys so I'm not going to
like put out a video and let it do like
insanely miserable in the first day
because then it won't continue to grow
that's how YouTube videos work so I did
a video how-to dark-sided a night and
literally like within the first hour it
got to like a thousand people and
usually videos get like 10 to 12
thousand views the first hour for me at
least real-time music I see the views on
my application in my YouTube it might be
a little lower like when you guys look
at it but I don't know what's going on
so I didn't want to like I pulled the
video because I want that video to
actually get out there and help people
if anyone wants to learn how to dark
selected and um I'll put it up it is
going to come but right now I don't know
if something's just weird with YouTube
or my channel so I'm gonna hang on to it
and I just want to do a little
notification a weird way to eat a tomato
thank you yeah I see it no one what all
right um I love you buddy so yeah hang
in there I'll try to upload it tomorrow
at 11 a.m. is when I do the weekend
videos that's another thing my weekend
videos usually get a ton of views so I
just want my fire that is the best thing
ever that's pretty good um so yeah I'll
put a tomorrow and we'll see where we're
at but yes I guess especially the how-to
video like I want it to like get the
normal amount of views
so it has legs and continues to get out
there when people search out at the arch
slide so that's it peace out we did do a
video on turbo time so if you guys want
to see that if you want to see some
content from us it's us playing a bottle
flip game that Hasbro sent to us so it's
super cool so actually I'll put that as
an end card right now I get probably
just popped up over our face or it will
towards the end of this video if I don't
ramble too long but so click that yeah
and turbo toy time there's there's your
video for today ready all right I love
you we're gonna go film a video
hopefully it ends up weren't this
channel it worked but it's super nice
outside so go skateboard and - cool yeah
we're gonna go treasure on all right
thank you guys but everyone is watching
milk then are watching my videos I love
you people and I'm gonna keep making
videos no matter what so I'm not going
anywhere but something's wrong it's
weird so have you allowed me okay you -
yeah there you go I was talking to you
you were talking YouTube we all
