I think he's fine that's why I left
aha the classic sack there was a weird
thing to say with that much energy he
watched my video yesterday you saw Sam
vestal tackle this rail but man that is
do pretty much exactly what you just
heard is how I feel about sacking I've
never done it before and I just feel
like in the air when you're looking down
and knowing that rail is about to come
between your legs it would suck gosh it
would suck Sam vessel got super lucky
all right like he somehow dodged it
Mikaela what his testicles were doing
but I'm not gonna ask
I'm just happy he was okay I'm not sure
how he didn't sack like I play it play
by play what I play it frame by frame
we'll go with that and it really looks
like he's sack I'm guessing it's just
cuz he's a tall dude I mean he's over
the last year's he has shot up dudes do
his age kay he's in high school he's
getting taller and I'm pretty sure
that's that's what saved him but when
you look at this frame right here it
really looks like he's sacked okay but
he didn't he's a man he's a magician
he's a he's a gonad magician that's so
many weird things are being said right
now I'm super thankful that he didn't
get hurt because I have never personally
had a rail imaging the legs but I've
gotten smacked like a swift skateboard
to the nuts if you may and that is not a
pleasant feeling at all it takes the
wind out of you then puts the wind back
inside of you
punches you from the inside and says
this is just the start of it I swear it
has that sound boys think this is just
the start of your you're gonna add
trouble but this is a skateboarders
worst fear you know every time you try
in a rail you're like alright
just end this without the Braille which
of my legs would be a success in some
aspect then you find yourself in this
position you're like oh my dad is
changing right now but I like how he
handled it like his response so then he
was like are you kidding me so he like
all skateboarders has a temper like so
he's not afraid to flip out but I didn't
flip out about that at all at all
I mean Sam vessel was not a pushover but
the way he said that it reminds me of
someone being a pushover like in a
relationship like oh you made out with
my best friend's alright look like Sam
Bessel forgave the rail like your doll
ways doing this to me but in this case
Sam was the better dude okay he was
better than the rail right the rail
tried to hurt him
not really Sam was one doing it but you
know saying like Sam just shrugged it
off and he got back up and kept trying
the trick so hats off to Sam Vestal for
so many reasons because that guy is a
ball of talent and that frame that I
showed you right there is just the
perfect response if anyone is
complaining about something stupid take
Sam vessels friend was complaining about
working an extra hour at work you just
said in that picture as I can well this
is me earlier today okay step up your
complainant if I had that picture of
myself I would just send that to people
like oh you're sad well look you're not
me in this position
come come back when you really have
something to whine about although since
he didn't sack it it really cancels the
argument all together but it's a nice
thought that being said this wasn't the
only fall worth showing it'll fall
Friday I'm gonna show you a handful of
clips of him battling this it was unreal
and like it cuz after you fall this much
the rail starts to get in your head and
he just kept going and going and going
and Sam fest old man watch these Falls
this kid is a machine this rail wasn't
even for our full-length video coming
out this summer it was for YouTube
because so many other tricks have been
done and his friend and our friend had
already 5050 did so he's like well I
want to do it so I was like I guess we
just put it on YouTube you know so 30
there it is I'll show you the landing
here in a second but it just shows how
raw an amazing Sam vessel is I cannot
wait to see what this dude does in the
coming years of skateboarding cuz every
time I see him he gets better he is a
technical wizard he's a gutsy handrail
skater he can he's just so talented I
love this dude and I love that we have
in a monitor vibe we started out by
flowing him now he's on the team I see
bright things in this future so without
further ado please enjoy some escape
footage of Sam vessel that's already
been on my channel and then make sure
you get your popcorn pop before take
over the world because this video part
is going to crush watch this footage
I know that you guys probably think this
episode of fall Friday is ending because
the landings have been shown but dude
and dudettes I'm not gonna let Sam
vessel walk away without getting punched
in the back by videogame character
because that's pretty much what my
favorite part of all Friday's is there
you go
that was Sam vessel people have once
again hats off to the dude he's awesome
watch out for more content on my channel
of him I do videos here every single day
I do fall Friday once in a while on
Fridays go figure
and so hit the subscribe button you want
to see more from me it's right down
there you just hit that button that says
subscribe and you're signed up to see
more videos
I truly appreciate everyone out there
watching my videos all the comments and
likes you guys give me it means the
world I am truly blessed that I'm that
I'm doing this with my life and it's a
makes me happy and I love you guys out
there okay but this is fall Friday so
you know I'm gonna put someone in the
hot seat I'm gonna go get Ryan Sean
Bray's I don't I might have been I might
have done every smile now but now so I'm
good to get in for this hot seat hold on
Ryan chambers oh god yes ed you're in
the hot seat now you knew didn't you the
door closed over you I kind of had an
idea yeah hey I know you take baths but
have you ever taken a shower
never no okay you're in Times Square and
a naked guy walks up to you and hands
you a bag of kittens what do you do I
eat them okay
all of them every single one at once all
right well that's it that I did yeah
have a good day all right you too
it literally looks like you just jumped
and tried to get sacked
