YouTube what is up guys real quick this
isn't my actual video for today I'm
posting a fall Friday with Sam vessel
later on and is awesome it's really
funny it's at 4 o'clock you don't want
to miss a 4 o'clock since at any time so
figure that out but right here right now
I'm just a few things I asked for music
for take over the world which is revived
second full-length skate video a few
weeks back in a live stream well that
didn't hit as many people live streams
are like in a different section and I
want to do an upload saying this because
I have a few more slots to fill everyone
else that sent me your music I still
have some people to contact and I might
use some of this stuff for YouTube
projects too so I just want to say thank
you to everyone who submitted music
already but um if you didn't know about
this I do have a few more slots to fill
and take over the world and I want to
wrap this up over the weekend because in
about a week and a half I got to send
the DVD out to get copies made so I need
to have this happen quick so if you're
especially if you're an independent
artist or band I'd love to hear your
music you can have a label but it has to
be like the kind of laid-back easy label
that would we can do the negotiations
quickly and them to sign off on it
so because going through publishing
clearing rights is a lengthy process so
but this is a good chance for you guys
to get your music out there and I will
of course hype you guys up on YouTube
also I'm gonna do a video is saying
these are all the bands that let us use
the music for take of the world go
listen to them so it's a good
opportunity for you it helps us out it's
awesome so at my facebook the links
right down there there's a post that
just made say show me your music please
just post a SoundCloud link or whatever
site you use that I can listen to it and
then a way to contact you and I would
totally appreciate it the second part of
this I'm doing a giveaway I'm giving
away some anchor gear I love anchor to
death it's my tech sponsor hold it
upside down
it's my tech sponsor and I could not
back these guys any more they always
send me stuff they never ask anything of
me but I love to give back to them so
I'm gonna do a giveaway they sent me
some power fusion 5000 so I'm gonna give
away three of these this is a wall plug
you plug it into the wall and it has USB
slot so you can charge a bunch of things
all at once but at the same time it is
charging itself to so you can unplug it
and take it with you and charge your
cell phone on the go it's like the best
combo thing ever like I love this
company I can't talk them up more so go
to their their Instagram which is at
anchor underscore official
and then just follow them that's the
first thing and then on the most recent
picture say I want that anchor and the
only comment once only on one picture
and if they post a new one that's fine
you can do it on just do it on the most
recent one and I'll look at the last two
posts and I'll make a decision in a few
days on three winners I'll just pick
winners of random if you're younger than
18 make sure your parents know you're
entering this but because you know you
have to give me your address so I will
contact winners on Instagram via a DM
and then I also I forgot to contact the
darkslide winner I gave away like a
revive goodie bag I'm sorry to canta
them so all these winners will be
announced at the same time so uh that's
it thank you guys so much
tune in to the fall Friday later on and
if you're fuzzy on anything I just said
all the information is down below I know
you guys have a great day and then I'll
see you at 4 o'clock for a full Friday
and you guys are about to have your own
fall Friday because I'm about to punch
you that was such a weak punch it was
like a terrible punch here I'll do it
again
