strikers and Sam vessel we're actually
not skating here today we're going
Street skating to wrap up a few shots
for take over the world
filmer is running bit behind so we're
gonna warm up here for a second which
means these tricks are gonna suck no I
don't know look it won't be long but
let's just see a fourth meaning I'll
film you Hey
do it do it on the bank there you go
he's gotta learn those yesterday and he
hasn't missed one you didn't three do a
fourth well I was good immediately when
we start skating you show up so you
weren't that late I know like as soon as
I thanks to you that I was going to be
like you're like I'm on the way right
well we'll get we'll get some tricks
three tricks that was one you have to do
two more you suck at that trick last
trick to be able to back commit this
rail second dude he does it every time
I know that's why I stepped the first
guy the almighty twinkling
congratulations you know why you didn't
land that is because it was your fourth
trick with Lee oh so we were about to
head out to start filming but we
realized this guy needed some backup
skateboard so he's gonna grab some check
this is for you and your skating that's
the way he's good you have to make it to
go out you'll see it like raise it up
okay stop stop Titanic II okay draw that
was Nevers
I'm the king of the world here Houston
wheels whoa have these guys I just
dropped him think of it I don't know if
we have these need two five oh yeah well
we have eight point five really popular
little guys yeah we have eight you have
the last one dude everyone on the
trailer comes bump because you got the
last one sorry guys it's spring and
you're like I need a hoodie hello hey an
eight to five blue sketch can you take
it off the store say hi to YouTube we're
going to go film some some last clips
for take of the world successful I do
too we do have these we do have these
you don't get the last one that so
everyone online can get that board you
not this from them no that one no unless
they get a different sized Atlantis kids
same deck as the other and this is a the
Shred quarters calm this is our online
phf so if you do not have a logo sure I
have a look or shop go to them but if
you do not go to this destroyed course
calm and get crap like this but let's go
skateboard it ended up just being a
potato but you fill it with less oh yeah
I got a new car it looks exactly like my
old one I upgraded to the 2017 model the
Rams are the only thing that are
different oh yeah I remember
and then there's a lot less crap in the
trunk on it that's different it's got
some red wear black used to be and as
they sent I will ever talk about my car
on YouTube channel let's get another one
making how about the next one okay not
too long of a rail yeah I thought it was
curved to somebody's I thought I'd like
a slight curve to it and we immediately
immediately got kicked out she was the
nicest person the rock I felt bad for so
with all the damage but somebody like
somebody seriously took their trucks to
that like bang did so though don't
damage skate spots cry just grind just
grind it just grind skate spots people
don't damage it thank you have a good
one so awesome she actually came back
she's like you guys were nice just don't
beat up the rail and you guys can come
back later when no one's here so we'll
come back I think don't forgive me
as the courthouse in downtown Cincinnati
these ledges have been here since the
dawn of time
you are a good scape work and also a
great you have great taste in t-shirts
all right so we're done with this pot
did vessel filler trick or not you don't
know I guess we'll find out
oh my go to zero the parking garage
thing yeah I just get creeped out when
there's buildings to my right you could
probably just open it yeah here we are
feel like if there are creatures above
us on the food chain that kept us as
pets this is the cage we would be kept
in we look outside we just stay here all
day be like man I'd like to go to that
store basically is perfect unless all
your foot falls right there
that looks super fun dude high-five
your board could also go down the pin
then go down stage
if this is my cage as if I was a pet it
wouldn't be that bad can I can watch
skateboarding scary so this is kind of
awesome because he's trying a real trick
for his video part and Stephens filming
him so I just get it to hear and watch
like movie time where's my popcorn I was
going to let YouTube listen to attempt
now I'm too far away you want me over
here we do a good thing it happened
where it fell down there I'll be great
if someone took it and ran I mean I'd be
bombed but you know I'd be comic side if
you'd have to go from the border
yeah I see it that's Ron you go to and
it's like laying land on wheels success
he nailed it
we're leaving the human cage or here to
go to camp we're going to do the we're
to go to a handrail it'd be funny if
off-camera I know southern accent no one
knew hello I do not want to hit you I'll
tell you what man okay you would say
borders missing out there it is here's a
little curving curving rail it's like
what is it eight but it's take a big
eight I'm going with like to do it's
perfect like look there's no crack and
you could just kerger on your life away
or boardslide for YouTube cortisol into
the bush and make it really exciting
let's go through hit I can't find a good
run oh really
and like that we're done
spoiler alert nothing happened ready to
go they thought they were peanut M&Ms
but who are Marvel and we have returned
this right here look at that I don't
know who did this I don't know if it
might been bikers dudes but here's the
moral today don't smash skate spot this
is a little lower than I thought it was
look at it on this side yeah I know
it is so long it'd be fun just videoed
you though wait a serval okay oh my gosh
is that easier for you to jump on you
are so strange
oh my gosh
thing is so long oh my gosh
that's one way to do it literally looks
like you just jumped and tried to get
sacked a little really it was awesome
you earned that trick Thanks
gosh we got 11 angles life's great Bob
successful day yep high five that wasn't
really happy that horrible ever yeah bad
two area so the reason why that was in
this YouTube video and not for our
revived full-length is because it's
already been done some crazies have been
on that rail but no less it's insane so
there you guys go
his video part is going to be nuts it
comes out dis tune and take over the
world
you got another trick for design
excellence so thank you guys for
watching I do videos here every single
day hit the subscribe button if you want
to see more from me and it's super easy
it's just that it literally just says
subscribe below a video click it and
you're signed up to see more videos but
it's it we're going to go home I'm gonna
go home I don't know where you guys are
going to go I'm going home alright I'm
gonna start the Batmobile oh my gosh I
never see me right you know and things
hit you in the the bare eyeball again
but it almost did and then I would have
been furious and I would have kicked
reverse helps
vessel yeah don't say his name though
it's like it seems like Voldemort you
can't say it okay don't say Baltimore to
either
