well you do what's up guys we are doing
another taste test where we taste some
weird foods and I'm going to blindfold
this guy's mainly for him but I'm along
for the journey so I'm gonna take
everything weird right in you're a year
older now you're more durable I'm gonna
make you eat some weird things are you
ready call how do you feel right now are
you scared yeah what's the worst thing I
could make you eat my dog mustard what
if I gave you like 10 jalapenos full
another way so we're not going to do
anything hot because that we just did
hot sauce in another video the other day
didn't wait and you did pretty good with
it but these are some weird foods some
not so weird some one you might even
like you don't know which one cuz I'm
gonna blindfold you all right are you
ready for this yeah okay I'm gonna go in
my box and the first thing is a chick
insect that doesn't sound so scary does
it the violin puppeteer I love do you
think this is barbeque boy okay well dig
in to get you water
just hear your voice right in front you
here feel it I feel a are you like a now
did it scary at first
good yeah salt and vinegar this isn't
even that vinegary why'd you scream
without really scary that much I all
taught me is a little weird I could
definitely do someone not like knees and
this was a weird thing it sounds like it
is so it's just our first then you like
it well you can finish this when I'm
gonna go get me some water okay alright
we got your Pokemon Cup all right let's
put your blindfold back on
okay so salt and vinegar chips if you've
never had them it would be really weird
so I thought that was a perfect food to
start with because it's not too scary
and it's not too weird and it got a
reaction so that was good I said like
next is not going to be so easy writing
this writin it's going to be a sauce
okay so don't be surprised all right you
ready for this this is strawberry
chocolate icing where I'll be your mouth
dig right down
Oh what oh okay
you like that that is food that is a
frame this is black currant deshaun
mustard I don't know what this tastes
like it I just don't know weird mustard
you like this
I'm not sure I'm gonna taste it that's
weird
totally tastes like muddler though he he
does not like mustard at all
but apparently he likes black prawn do
this is weird this is strange you like
this you want open sea mustard isn't so
bad is it okay I don't read that is it
really good okay so the second try it
doesn't taste good this is how I feel
about this it's like not bad and just
weird at the same time number three are
you ready
well I'm going to cut this in half so
it's not a mouthful are you ready
what you have to eat it it's in a spoon
okay screw it up
you like that I am raising a kid that
has excellent taste apparently and
you've always said you don't like green
olives and this is blue cheese-stuffed
green olives yeah it is delicious but I
did not expect that you're in for it
alright so this is going to be a 2-byte
one okay this is the most gross thing
you've ever had in your life do you
understand me
well you want to know what it is
beforehand this is Caterpillar guts okay
take a bite right just hard no no no no
no no don't undo that and you like it
all right well you got to have a second
bite laughing it's kind of fitted
chatter Peugeot's is not chocolate all
right open up take a big bite they bite
put mustard on it do you like it it's my
first one you're gonna keep you oh you
just ate the other end how bad was that
how bad was it with mustard you didn't
like it with mustard yeah I like going
out oh yeah everyone likes it without
you don't get to just chow down on this
although wow this is delicious
oh this is so good for the back oh my
gosh what is it another this is a
chocolate bar
it just says kinder chocolate from the
UK so everyone in the UK is like I know
what that is nice delicious a long back
it was so good
alright cover yourself up alright this
one I'm going to do it with you at the
same time you have to hold it your mouth
for a while okay
and you can't spit it out am i water no
keep it in
power
keep Saigon
it's not sour really sad I love it whoa
dude I thought that was gonna be so bad
yeah - is sweet now well yeah you know
but that wasn't bad at all it okay Wow
it's dude I'm in sanely impressed you're
doing great with this stomach here I'll
take it at or above that three more okay
I know it was us our I thought you're
gonna start screaming inside you want a
blue cheese-stuffed olive again does
videos really just like watch me open my
mic child's mind to different foods this
was Isabel about I thought even good
things this stuff is weird you're gonna
be a good eater when you grow up
I am I'm Way too good of a needle this
one is the most disgusting don't screw
though out in the world and I'm sorry to
say I'm just gonna tell you right now so
you know what it is it's a spider leg
okay but some people eat this okay
I can't believe it didn't eat this
it's Pocky it's totally Pocky rice is
delicious isn't it yeah hmm yeah rounder
bite this one's going to be cake I mean
this one's gonna be super easy ready
just open up and chew this as much as
you can okay chew it up chew it up why
just keep chewing what does it taste
like hard okay what is hard how do you
feel I came into it what does it taste
like below well the hell oh my gosh I
feel sick that was squid way better yeah
he's a Pocky
I mean I need some pocket cheese way
better if you didn't like he was luckier
not knowing what it was that was
disgusting just because the consistency
it was tender it wouldn't be that bad
but how hard it was soft squid not soft
at all maybe we got a bad back don't you
dare put in your mouth oh it smells so
gross
do you want these you are adventurous
dude next one next to me we do with this
you're going to get the weirdest hottest
spicy stuff ever no really why since
this video did not go at all as I
planned
I've got to call in some backup for the
last one okay so you sit here and don't
you peek I'm not kidding all right don't
look
definitely not nobody it this is
actually a treat for the last one all
right you ready for it open up big bite
but I thought it did you not taste the
hot sauce okay what this is pretty hot
you're gonna do get the other yep yep
yeah the other hot sauce on there do it
do do it you want last one last one is
this like the cupcake cover it up you're
faking it you're faking it aren't you is
it that isn't really bad is your mouth
hot I guess I should try and taste it
with hot sauce kitchen was just that's
that's actually hot sauce or I don't
press jump banana cupcake that's like
the best thing ever isn't it dude you
rock that you rock that right in so
honestly the first one we did was better
because he freaked out a little bit more
I mean he had some mild reactions but
I'm impressed with you you are so good
at eating weird foods I felt like I did
worse than you because I really did not
like the squid what was your favorite
one why the potato chips potato chips
the best that was like the one you cut
freaked out about a parsnip
alright so fear not we will do another
father-son weird food taste test and you
guys have any suggestions put it right
down there in the comments if you want
to see more videos from us I do a lot of
use of Sam I also do a lot of
skateboarding videos and lifestyle
videos it's really fun just hit the
subscribe button down there you're just
going to hit it and you're signed up for
more videos from me and definitely
you'll definitely see more of him too so
yeah thank you guys for watching we
appreciate it and you totally look like
you're like legit wearing that if you
look like you're from the poster near
the government right where so you want
to say thanks for watching guys yeah
thank you for being such a trooper in
this and now that I know that you can
eat hot sauce like that you are in for
it
yes you're in for it get off the table
sir yeah
say bye-bye bye-bye say goodbye no say
say hasta luego
I'm still away though are you rock -
how's the present I'm taking all your
coffee it's mine
don't give squid to bagel do you like it
yeah oh my gosh
you
