YouTube what is up guys so I was
planning on filming a video but the
eternal gloom of Cincinnati just kept me
out of a skate park so I don't even know
why I'm here right now but he's just
there know what you'll find out soon I'm
replying to comments and I want to try
to I'm gonna find a good balance of
positive comments and negative comments
because life is full of negative
comments and I got on the video because
before you got up tough-skinned in life
and we're gonna laugh we're gonna laugh
and make fun of some people that are
making fun of me I like it and the
people that say nice things you're
awesome and I love you by replying to
comments that are mean we're kind of
fighting is employed in comments
fighting subscribers battling comments
it's a bad one they might be subscribers
but that's a good title so we're gonna
go with that I like it it's quickly it's
not kind of cuz the thumbnail clearly
didn't show us fist fighting subscribers
been going we go to Instagram Instagram
people are way more comfortable and just
being blunt oh dude I know I get it all
the time straight oh man I shave my cat
in a video that you know people talked
we're then there are some positives and
they're like you are like the most evil
person in the world what you freaking
see the cat they came with a heavy the
happies Catherine my gosh
all right I just posted a video picture
of my double flip over the pea table
what was her ramp there was a ramp yeah
that guy this guy was like the best
thing is that like I wonder if these
people like follow me to the point where
because he replied eight immediately
this is Nick Daniels it's on the picture
of me double flipping quick backstory on
this so I've set up a shot see that's a
double flip when I set up the shot in
the ramp fully visible very very obvious
maybe look we have a little filmer guy
he's right there completely blocking the
ramp when I stood him a shot he was not
saying that it doesn't matter no one
doesn't Matt no one's ever double door
pigeon tail ever right okay no one's
done that
and also no one especially has done it
with that much I'm like my body is three
feet above it yes you know it's like
obvious okay obvious and Nick Daniels
says where is he worth my friend um who
use it all caps which means he went out
of his way he's like me like rolled up
his sleeves I'm gonna say this who uses
a kicker to skate a school you're at a
table ever vibe an anti-shock it is
no-name right which they didn't if he
did spell it right out I would be like
you Breeland you my name which is
hilarious and Josh can't spell OC lmao
his butt is really awful yeah so tons of
people tons of people use hurry up to
skate our video but also like what is
there a standard point one thing I want
to say is that witness skateboarders
start hating on skateboarders so much I
don't know that's like a crazy they mean
cousin like I started in like the late
90s like ninety nine or something and
like if you're a skateboarder like your
your family with all other skateboarders
because there may be like band together
or else no one liked you
yeah you know so Nick Daniels some
people use a kicker to skate a big table
including me I had fun and I was one of
my better double flips Maradona life
said it so fly off also it's funny when
when people talk trash and have private
profiles it's but it's like saying like
it's a I'm confident enough to say this
but you can't look at my life no you
know let's find a positive one to
balance that out though OSHA underscore
Hamm says any struck spelling up wrong
also big baths in burrito toppings so
when the time is right he will become
Godfather Mexico well really descriptor
I would if I could get any bath of
burger Tommy's I would I would I would
want you to take my photo not to be
super weird about but I would I would I
would totally do we should do it why do
you flirt sure yeah we're doing that
thanks ham was they ocean ham thanks
ocean ham I'm gonna try to find one yeah
what's your Instagram I'll try to find a
positive and negative comment on every
single one sure which lately I've been
haven't been getting as much hate I
don't know maybe we're getting people
are getting bored this is a 50/50 on the
grind of death where I put like six
stops five obstacles back-to-back and I
grind it at all which was tougher than I
thought will Kenan 28 says best grind
I've ever seen
so one I'd like to say very
I'm guessing that's a positive thing yes
but you do need to watch more
skateboarding because there are a long
list of better dry long list of better
grinds done but that means a lot thank
you I appreciate that
I'm on your best list of that rolling
that piff says that was pretty lame not
gonna learn he meant to say why yeah
okay that was pretty lame not gonna lie
usually when the phrase not gonna lie
comes up you think is like that's pretty
good not gonna lie you know curve ball
on that one but sorry dude sorry to
another another a private account
everyone that likes trash that was a
private account feel like they're just
cereal trash talkers cereal trash
charters man but uh I love that grind
and I like watching so like that it was
good but you know he was up very hard to
do it wasn't like he wasn't super rude
he was just like being honest is let's
don't like it that's fine oh the game of
thrones mock when you do more fake
photos like they really do like we
should do like alright you're walking
dead gonna be good like one we should be
fun so I will find their hats people
talking trash on how dumb I look because
people I think people think I'm trying
to actually look like a master of
skateboards if you guys can see it see
it it's like me with a bunch of
skateboards you can go on my Instagram
all these photos are there and there's
someone recent so this isn't one of the
positive or negative ones but this
person fat saucy bringing these decks
back they're great and they did not sell
that well no so if you if you guys like
a certain deck get it so we know to keep
making that sign we were actually really
excited about these gab they appealed
like the us growing up being a
skateboarder you know and I love that
because you can't relate to it as a
skateboarder they'd be like you can hold
your deck like dude give me one more try
or dude I'm not gonna sue you and
they're great yeah but they didn't sell
terrible but it is so great not one
incoming that's good that's amazing Wow
yeah people are hating les could you
have people so what dog would pop
positive one out and thank you to
everyone who says nice because they're
all nice things okay here's some of them
that's lying but they're nice skate got
a 509 says that is the most epic thing
I've seen even more than where the
deaths are gets blown up and that is
incorrect
super false wait havoc I am completely
honored you think you put me on that
level but it's it's incorrect
Luke and Han did great things at that
moment the Institute for take over the
world that has - that has to have some
TV comedy hate on it just 54 or
something
well no no one knows me no that's
astounding so I guess y'all are nice
thank you thank you guys that you guys
are this person says RJ rennaker says I
just want to say that you were the one
that got me into skateboarding now I am
encouraged to do it till I'm unable to
thanks so much and then what's the best
thing you've ever liked that's why I
makes a video so that's it thank you so
much RJ there you go here's some pretty
good hate right there where yeah okay so
just alone occur broke his lens all
right and he was like dude I'm you know
he works hard ya know time job he's a
family and it's hard just to come with
$500 he's trying to film a B X project
you got passionate quick about this is
insane dude so we're like well hey
Justin we're gonna work it you should
start to go fund me and we'll hype it up
for you to help you out okay because we
can't just give everyone just asked us
for five hundred bucks
we'd be broke really fast yeah you know
like we just can't hand it out so I was
like alright well let's do this this is
a good way because people are down
skateboarders are got to support each
other mm-hmm oh my gosh
Holly Grogan Internet yeah I got some
stuff yeah Parker 1k effing buy your own
mark one kook's he did yes and it broke
and he was trying to get back on the
project you guys should go and look at
this and just see the people the things
people are saying is ridiculous
it's disgusting how much people don't
want to help somebody else I know it was
pretty ridiculous it was definitely a
conversation for a couple days once ya
came out it was very so mean most people
were every time we've ever promoted
someone else's trying to you know
generate funds for a project think it's
always been very supportive Andrew Lewis
says this is abuse of go fund me that's
not as like literally what to go front
of he's made for it is exactly what
GoFundMe is for yeah all right no I'm
sorry I'm upheaved
we've done that one and actually so I
just feel like we did way too much
negativity on that so I just pulled up a
cold QA and I was gonna rock out some
pep Flores says this is an old post how
can I work for you guys we very
occasionally pick up an internship but I
don't you don't live
Cincinnati stuff it's tough you
basically just kind of email us at the
right time
anybody who emails us asking if we in do
internships I tell them not right now
but please please please stay in touch
with me because you never know
so next quarter next opportunity yeah
maybe mail you we have two interns and
it will happen again someone yeah
it's Ricardo five says how do you manage
life schoolwork sports relationships at
skateboarding it's hard it's very hard
it's very difficult I work about a
hundred hours a week and that is it
mostly filming and editing these days I
don't get enough time to like escape for
fun anymore but then of course Mike four
o'clock until 9:00 9:30 at night is I'm
just with Rhydon and sometimes that's
filming with them but you know same
thing here I'm either filming working or
doing something to prepare to be filming
or work right it's it's busy as it is
it's a busy life this is turning into a
Q&A and this is not the point of this
video so let's pull up a recent video
let's do my update video because this
could be controversial this is a revive
skateboards takes over
no half-naked girls here it was not a
lie oh my hair is vernegos I just skated
and filmed oh here we go
when wolf says so da da full naked
ladies and possible is amazing as I
comment is there was no naked ladies in
the video so the background says you are
not on fire right now and max hunter
says you know it says you're not on fire
right now I wasn't concentrating and I
burned my finger on the kettle I hope
that's true it didn't catch fire but
that's ironic I hope it's not true about
how was true I don't want you to be hurt
max Gilberto Salgado Montes de oka oh
yeah says it's kind of sad seeing his
clickbait fail I don't know what he
means
because the video is called revive
skateboards takes over which I talk
about take over the world
mm-hmm and I put no half-naked girls
here you should watch did you watch that
video I talk about how people have no
idea what clickbait actually means no
they don't
clickbait is when you see like like I
saw yeah that the Gordon Ramsay cuts his
hand in a blender and it has a gory
picture of him doing it and it was a
prank he played mm-hmm that was made to
that article was made to make you think
that he actually shredded his hand in a
blender but it didn't mm-hmm that's
could be yes or those things were like
you'll never guess what happens here you
know nothing happens here or like a
video has like a like a 12 bit long
video has like a half of a second of a
girl a bikini and that's a thumbnail and
then tighten the
I know makes you think the video is
about that girl in bikini mm-hmm that is
quickly my gosh but when there's a whole
segment in a video about it mm-hm you
know so the video is about or if it's
like a montage we're like it's like a
piece of Italy that's most likely you're
not gonna put like a a sequence of Clips
you may like like no one's gonna put
that as a title okay I could go on
forever I need to do a quick patreon
video you should last one well I meant I
was trying to find like a positive one
but here's here's a good one you brought
brings up an interesting concept Jason
Gabriel says pay for the revive video
not sure whether you understand that you
are a YouTube bunch lol well not if I
want to see great skateboarding I buy
videos from plan B ADIZ blah blah I want
to see silly so I come to arrive where
I'm happily bombed with the mass YouTube
advertising lips k die our first video
did very well
mm-hmm it actually when I was doing an
interview with ride channel they were
astounded that it did that well so
people do want to buy the revive video
I'm not saying that in a cocky way I'm
saying it in a confident way
in fact I very much so enjoy it homee
videos more than the polish stuff we've
made a lot of videos of our lives too
we're gonna do that's not something I
think I think skateboarding videos a
physical scampering video to where you
sits out on your couch and watch it on
your TV I think it's a big part of
skateboarding whether you think it is
the Street League tricks or a group of
friends us having fun putting other a
skate video like you have I'm not not
trying to talk you're absolutely on tell
your own opinion but I think that's the
wrong way to look at skateboarding I
think we should support each other and
if someone makes it video whether it be
your friends screwing around on your
local street or like going to City the
city across the world and film the best
tricks in the world like you wish to
support each other how great so if
someone in your town is having a fall
you video go to the premiere you don't
have to buy it if you don't want to that
might support that versus especially the
independent filmmakers this is like I
said earlier in this video like
skateboarders stop hating on each other
it's ridiculous like we put our blood
sweat and tears in the take over the
world we went out there and fell over
and over again failed got back up kept
going and finally made a video all while
we were filming YouTube videos like
every day so you can't have respect and
appreciation for that you should rethink
you know your your how the skateboarding
world works for to you mm-hmm
that's it pygar there's my heartfelt
serious ending but it's everyone else
there were so many nice things I'm sorry
I can't reply to these issues
but a lot of the same thing like I love
your videos simple things like that
I fully full heartedly appreciate that
guys thank you so much it's the reason
why I and then all of us that do videos
do these in the world so and I think you
took a jab at me for selling YouTube
advertising we have a business of course
we're gonna push a business how it works
and if you guys want to it's the
straight quarters dot-com is our online
skate shop which we have our brands
there and then but but we always preach
I always say this you know support your
local shop first and they can always
carry our brands if you know you ask
them a lot of shops already do but if
you don't the are online Sketchup there
and thank you guys very much I did
produce every single day this guy was
just here for I'm about to do a video on
his channel so I'll put it in the info
but it comes up later this week on his
channel QE spicy and um yeah that'd be
fun so uh thank you guys hit this red
bun you're starting to see more from me
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
when these lemon is insanely sweet look
you need to mix it up look at it it's
like white on top yellow is down here
spice sweeter down here Oh what you're
saying well you need to physically mix
contrarian idea alright let's leave
and I also have these this is a terrible
my face looks so terrible right now
you
