that was such a crappy hotpot but it is
can we heard it it's usually me you and
Alex right no matter what
well alex has to leave early today so
it's just a Ford have some more skaters
come in but either way me and Bryan are
about to go to Goodwill we're going to
find something weird and we're going to
see if we can shred it I say what I feel
items to donate to Goodwill dang it I'm
stuffing goodwill yeah that's amazing
the bags I'm swinging with the little
entryway alright that's your bag that's
been there forever their foot because it
lasts okay whatever let's go - good well
let's find something and we'll bring it
back yes we haven't done this in a while
it's been with it's been a little bit
the day we actually find an actual skate
obstacle every minute it seemed was
boring video everybody could be so
hilarious then we found that as we're
doing it yeah and pick it I guess
backyard is a highway I would suck oh
that's a sneaky Andy caps on there are
you guy you know today me literally is
donating he's using goodwill do both so
donating and buying well I just want
plan ona is the classiest filing cabinet
errors in my life look it's plain
there's nothing on it
there's no sneaker man question up at
the kids bed I think I'm gonna save as'
you doing a fitting
I mean we just case I lose the back end
like that one flesh oh yeah it's
happening dude I can't wait to listen to
the Shred quarters that got monk from
Alan why don't we still have a carbon
make a montage it was character stupid
stuff we'll make it work another way
filmer I got these sweet sheet how cool
am I going to look doesn't make my eyes
look close together okay Wow Brian
you're going to be sitting at the car by
the way
we're all going to be sitting in the car
please
like I've done this look she even said
she was like you know this isn't a toy
the bed and I'm like I know but then she
was like it was a toy before you
dressing off she probably couldn't tell
by your Barbie glasses like these guys
you know play with it
remember when you wanted to take my car
yeah I would not work out here hold my
ankle four days ago he looks ridiculous
it is yeah a car wouldn't have fit in my
car see the closed door do ya I look
just a stupid look if it is you do it's
dangerous look I don't see that the
airbag goes off you like it are you
ready gal you look very comfortable
hi how you got to do it Oh got movement
imagine how rollercoaster e of a fun
board splendid physical skating with us
we got Jordan hunter it's been a seconds
he's been in a video that's awesome
Craig just got here and then Casey was
here and he's gonna skateboard so to be
fun we just need everyone statute duel
with dog standard issue
little tyke license plate out-of-state
as you can see there's the sticker got
your chrome wheels and you Michelin
tires all kind of I'll note suspension
things Arbor here jaehun skate daughter
calm why I'm always wore a racecar bed I
can't find my tie so in honor of Alex
yeah I'm taking it wasn't a little later
okay I thought this was your bandana
nothing is so disgusting
nice beauty look good
oh my god I didn't visit my mouth and
it's get in your mouth yeah okay go
ahead who so I'm wearing this just for
this episode in honor of him not
basically I hope by Sergey Bubka you
this guy's usually the bat 15 yeah
that's looking at 95 the Corvette bed
but I can't believe Alex skates this
good in this because this is so annoying
hits you in the eyes let's find out if
we can shred them I'm Colin we can
that's going to be tough
North Lebanon well the song is this way
I stink bad that the walkers
it's like really
is somebody twice right there
make yeah
okay let's fill out one strip of the arm
no you're right back
he destroy the thing we're all done
skating almost tired seeing him land
everything and now
the big pickle longer how did I didn't
even watch it because I knew this let's
make them take it
okay literally after I hit five minutes
in landing more fine no I had to five
minutes after do you so it keeps
carriage a hood
okay so wow we're done dude you did
awesome though you should have been
wearing the ceremonial wig this is so
disgusting
thank you guys for watching all everyone
that was in this video there are
channels down in the info even this guy
right there his at the top because he
destroyed it he killed this and saved
this video it killed him everyone did
okay but like he he's like three times
four times five times the matrix enough
so thanks for watching we do this series
once in a while and I also do videos
every single day so hit the subscribe
button is right down there you just
click it worsen scrubs and you're signed
up to see more videos from me and I we
have a lot of fun around here so that's
it I'm going to go carry my friend to
his car hopefully he can drive it all
kind of carrying a cool can you drive
nice save I see you guys imagine if like
you're meeting somebody on a blind date
and you open the door and it was like
you would close the door
you
