you too what is up guys today i am doing
no talent skateboarding and this is
where i have to do tricks using my
friends help here's Ryan hey alex is
over there and I can't ollie all I can
do is jump off my board this is going to
be something a lot of work for me I hope
I don't get hurt that's Mike I'm sore
from yesterday and I don't wanna get
hurt but I take the camera like I could
get hurt anything could happen you don't
know what's happened in this video
except no Talan skateboarding and
assembly that's all right there I grab
the camera we're gonna warm up with some
180s I'm gonna which is actually kinda
scary I'm on my board want any other
years well just saying like how am I
going to help you want any the beauty of
this and if any of you guys don't get
out there you can try this be aware you
might slip out and fall because that
could happen even when you're talented
that can happen
I was hard that one's hard oh my gosh
this is that was amazing I was way
better that was so much better than
could ever been I had to look really
dumb in the camera it was incredible
dude no-talent kickflip that's where I
just I do nothing Brian's doing the real
work here
feed your pets that's good advice right
never lie to your mom she knows right
through it she knows have you ever seen
Rambo it literally happens if you were
to direct a movie make sure it's romance
cuz I don't know what if your mom asks
you when your birthday is there
something wrong if you can ask your mom
for something expensive mow the lawn
first and since you can't say you don't
do anything around the house you just
mow the lawn take the trash out and put
it in the neighbor's bucket
I already know you shorted me in the
face when I bit my tongue that's pretty
great
if I bit my tongue off I wouldn't be
sprung all right we got two more checks
I'll ping the ante really we're doing a
line with a no-talent three flip it
might be a inward heel flip three inward
don't worry so what is filming i watch
language before time before coming here
son
when I landed that I was like oh my gosh
I'm going to do this it was terrible
we did it dose we do it no talent
doesn't have to be smooth I told you not
to like your mom and I just lied to you
guys guys you don't have talent doesn't
mean you can't get very hurt oh my god I
was insane and no I would think you know
a board is coming right under me with
the lips well imagine if your dad tried
to do that any of our Nets all right oh
yeah Ivor was trying to get you he was
really trying to get right he's much
safer to actually skateboard than
there's no talent so he's going to try
to do a jump into 15 that I'm going to
finger clip for him right here
get all numbers going to happen to me I
I know you canopy is going to make a
skateboard blocker wall right here so
the first war is going to run into that
and same play we did that super Wow I
got just as much excitement and
enjoyment however that as a normal hot
back yeah so that would be all great I
was amazed or welcome oh thank you guys
guys I'm gonna keep this video going but
if you like what you saw I do videos
every single day so if the subscribe
button and I'll be back tomorrow and I
do a lot of introductory skateboarding
stuff really yeah you want to be get her
stuff I do a lot of like advanced stuff
because I know a lot of talented friends
but I'll think skateboarding goofy fun
stuff hit the button and then thank you
to these dudes
look at this guy's face I said Alex at
being this and then end up being Gabe
helping so he was good Gabe rules Brian
you guys know him
everyone gets tons of high fives but
their channels in the info if you want
check them out
thank you but this being a good fun day
of the gate boarding so hang in I'm
going to film a bunch of random stuff
we're gonna have a good time all the
world is ended because we're doing
something really weird we are eating
Burger King which I haven't eaten Burger
King in so long years and the Riddler
we're doing it only because it's fast
and easy
it's what's here even when I was a
teenager I like very much
nope cheeseburger fries in there what
you think I don't know I'm gonna do is
I'm going to do a taste test it's a
spicy chicken Junior this is my honest
opinion we're good yep is exactly what I
imagined them there's nothing spicy
about it
what do you think Kruger have some more
all right so we are at a skate spot that
Aaron Cairo boards so this list skate
die this thing is so big and long a lot
of people are like now I want to grow up
to be a photographer I wonder I wonder
what that's like
come on laying on the ground this is
exactly what it's like this is all Brian
does put your head really fast dude like
snap it oh now he's going to try the
real trick is he's trying on this so I'm
going to cut camera you guys are going
to wander until the DVD what is Aaron
trying and if it didn't land it you'll
never know John Hill is here
alright this spot is done we are going
to downtown San Jose to try to hit a
very good tricks with John Hill I'm not
going to say what will happen here but
we did get a clip for the mate for the
full-length video so that's awesome just
literally taking us about like 15
minutes to pack up winter is rough in
California YouTube I'm sorry but I have
to break up with you just for like 30
minutes then we can get back together
because this is gonna be a mission I
lived in Naples for 8 months I parallel
park many a car I'm good at then we
would hate I'm screwing this up John my
talking to hug you how you did it yeah
and the best trip ever
yeah yeah you got a photo you got a
trick you got to look at it you filmed
it and you sat under a tree a big big
tree buddy had a good angle yeah yeah
yeah
also you relaxed while we were sitting
until Michel yeah so now everyone loves
the 3 blocks I would have tried so we
get here and John's first thought is we
could skate up it it's a three block
shot
I want this one to be fierce okay you're
a lion your dragon you did it
I like how you talking about your first
try he hates you hate me
just kidding John wasn't talking to
Bryan although he did call himself you
so that's and I was like on top of him
ABS we call each and I hate you to
himself
John's channel congratulations trick
down congratulations into the 720
congratulation 900 set me yet nine
hundred did not hurt thank you but I'm
going to end it here I know I didn't
film too much after the first segment
but wait a good time pretty good yeah I
hope you guys had a good time and to end
this I'm going to ask some questions
that you guys ask Erin probably so much
and so this is it okay if you've ever
you ever get asked again you said just
say you should have seen Andy's video
all right
what is your favorite board goodbye okay
what is your favorite Rafic my hometown
line understandable and a good answer
what is your favorite trick
kickflip how long does it take you to
learn that kickflip a year okay what's
it like being pro Gary can I be
sponsored yes cool will you sponsor me
can you give you a dad to give us candy
at the end of video okay
so there you guys go everything you ever
need to know about Aaron is right there
and I'm going to go to all these dudes
down below because everyone kind of
killed in this video but gave them Brian
our top because they helped out in that
first segment tear the important ones no
offense all of us but thank guys for
watching I'll see you guys tomorrow cuz
they do daily videos hit that subscribe
button people and more more stuff
happening yeah left stuff I don't know
like what you do
it's a beautiful day for an outro to
happen
you
