previously on vlog Assad every phone in
the world every iOS if you search
skateboard
he's like the dead center in the middle
of the page that blows my mind who shows
up isn't that crazy
you can't breathe that's not chef
Jeffrey that's just a turtle
but you have not been skateboarding
lately well this week we just started
skating a lot more right so let's go do
some practicing all right let's go it's
rainy outside so we're gonna be do it in
the garage okay I parked it out there so
we could skate out in here
you don't remember walking out from out
there into the house no all right buddy
here you got the head you gotta have
your helmet on to do anything here
ridin you even do your famous trick I
think if anything this should be called
the baby League trick right jump did the
long jump do you just do that first try
yeah good job because I need light to
come in to see you alright let's now air
another cool an go do it three more Wow
we made a goal that he has to do five of
these every day so it gets pretty
consistent and we don't even miss one
yet have you see practice pays off you
ready do it oh you messed up that's okay
we all mess up especially skateboarders
skateboarders mess up all the time
that's a fish dance yeah can you just
make this up alright
you almost fail alright super super mega
last try you've got points all right
buddy now the new thing cuz we got try
to learn something every day is you're
gonna try to pass the drop okay you want
to try it just try it out do it so
really when you do it you just gotta
make sure your legs are like over the
bolts like spread their feet out as much
as you can and you'll roll away better
okay do it did you just do it you just
do it yes it's so good you want to do a
few practice Ollie's before we quit do
it I was pretty good and I just gotta
jump right up as tall as you can okay oh
my gosh right in let's play that in
slow-mo you almost came off the ground
but either whiskey let's do a few more
that was probably your best solid pop
attempt I think one of these days you're
just gonna shoot up into the air into
the sky into a rainbow into a planet and
awe and you'll probably just like write
me letters from the moon
that was like double Ollie this could be
the day ridin that was good I was good
do it now jump jump as high as he can
when you do it that was good dude again
good session it was short but you know
there's only so much way I do in the
garage and he learned a new trick that's
awesome congratulations now go clean
your playroom and I'm gonna do the
dishes okay after I'm done I'll just
wash this - light saber chopsticks yeah
you wish you had this unless you do and
then you're like oh I totally have those
done with that all right let me go sort
some pokemon cards my wife is in her
last semester of grad school before she
comes to dr. schrott she'd be a physical
therapist and coming home to messy house
sucks so I try to keep it clean for well
progress I'm gonna walk over there am I
gonna see a bunch of stuffed animals
why dude why didn't you clean them up
clean them up right now clean them up
right now almost done
dude you're doing good that looks better
now the Pokemon cards blue all right so
we're just doing it all by color right
now are you looking just for the white
ones right now
but all foils so we set those aside oh
here I'll put that in your uh in your
binder in your special binder see now
all you got to do is put them in there
now dude I'll give you a bunch of sheets
and you can do all the way okay I love
you all right we are ordering a dinner
off ubereats
which is like the best thing in the
world especially for when I get busy and
I don't have time to cook and clean and
whatnot it comes right to your door and
actually this is something you guys can
do the code on the screen right now if
you just download beruete s-- and put
this in as like your promotional code
you get a free like 10 to 15 bucks
towards a meal and then I would get a
free one too so you're pretty much
feeding Ryan tonight if you do this but
I use it a lot because I'm so busy it
gets you a free meal or at least a good
chunk of money off of your meals so yeah
use that type that in super easy
download ubereats tab the menu and put
promotional code and you'll get it and
it has like a ton of businesses around
your house awesome like I'm not like a
you know legit meal especially depending
on where you live this is like the
greatest thing in the world if you live
like kind of out in the middle of
nowhere you probably want to have a lot
of you probably have places you can eat
but if you lived like close to like a
city or just like a lot of businesses
you might have your face I'm getting the
shrimp skewers boom just like that like
40 minutes later which is a long time
sometimes it's faster sorry this is like
not two men to be a big commercial for
uber ease it's just awesome
I'm gonna let you guys go I'm gonna eat
dinner while watching Star Wars with my
little dude and then after that I am I
think mom's gonna be home soon so I'm
going to work and edit for probably
about five hours tonight on take over
the world dude what's up guys so yes
every Monday I upload a video that got
mistakenly taken off not take it off
like it's technically still there but it
got kind of shut off like it won't
appear in searches it won't appear in
suggestive videos so if you like go back
on my channel you can find it but
otherwise it's just kind of lost YouTube
said sorry you didn't mean for this to
happen we're gonna fix it but I never
fixed so I'm uploading them one by one I
have to explain this every week cuz a
lot of people freak out but yeah I
really want to get a lot of the ridin
skate videos back on that got taken off
there's a lot of random like just normal
skateboarding videos
ridin videos just all across the board
but specifically there's a handful
riding skating videos that got shut off
and I'm getting him back on there
because ride another day learned he like
rolled into a ramp for the first time
really good he almost did a hippy job
but he's getting better I just want his
basic stuff out there so yeah I don't he
doesn't land like his first like
kickflip and then all sudden I upload
his first ollie a week later you know so
there you guys go I hope you guys like
this little segment of a vlogger sewed I
have new videos for the rest of the week
but but next Monday I'll have another
video that's that was old and I have to
republish so if you haven't seen it
here's a chance to watch him again while
this is their back on and if you have
there's a chance to just watch an old
video again and kind of relive it you
dude want to sit with me I asked you if
you wanted to talk with me in this he
was like no I was okay and now he's just
won't leave me alone
alright but yeah I'm gonna go have a
good rest of the day with the family say
bye YouTube yeah gooble a pop if you
guys want to see more videos from me
just hit the subscribe button right
below the video you're starting to see
more and I will see you guys tomorrow
with a brand new video so until then
have you go bye guys
I clean up and then in a matter of like
probably a half of a second you have
pokemon cards everywhere you a blankets
out for no reason my food looks super
good you two you're still here you
really have to let us eat
I got Ian ready wow it looks so good
here I'm gonna eat I'm gonna take your
chocolate milk and just throw it away
