it is a gross day in Cincinnati so I am
inside the Shred quarters today with
Kyle Krause who lives in Chicago he's
been a second since been in my videos
but he has already casually killed this
place and I was like I'm going to record
it how high do hello listen Eddie can
you just call no I didn't run okay oh
you did good I heard noises and you're
like whoa listen your tricks in the half
felt I'm gonna tell me doing a mushrik
all right all right
let's get going all right pressure flip
over Wow into the ramp like the gap
right here yeah cool about here and
physically you will you got it it looks
good here
skateboard you've been landing here and
that one you liked over there he already
it's gone forever oh yeah how super good
oh my gosh Oh
a perjurer this is the best line that's
ever happened in Jaguars really oh so
good well it will be so good
nice talk I suck at a normal man you
like to wheel Daniel okay you're just
like every try you do one wheel man
I like tried to push and I just did I
just didn't go high I got enough self it
happened yet me I suck graduation to
swing that up with a computer
I won't edit the alidade like a new
everything you're about to have some
serious muscles it literally did it
first try will you do it one more time
with the 180 do it one more time I'm
going up I'm going to get on the other
side I literally just started sliding
down the bank man I'm all over the place
right right now this is not to be
amazing
oh my gosh our partners meet here on
what you did the 50-50 earlier so I was
like oh oh my gosh oh my gosh I was
genuinely terrified
are you scared I'm all right yeah
I'm thinking all right that's concrete
have I fight okay how you doing
this how's your flour bag do a wonderful
is it real on the inside
let me get the sandwich in you're well
aware container you are wrong what just
drink drinks just a few drinks a little
flour fridge
okay well high-five them those knowledge
that there you go thank you
oh wait let me see what he's talking
about that I've had that for like two
years
I know what were you keep what you do do
it every time up I just reopened several
you should we we had to take the banner
down because you're trying to do
something G is that like a run into the
wall and then donate jacks is it of
three six years of 540
it might hopefully be a 540 a low wolf I
know so yeah I guess because you start
this way and you aim that way oh my gosh
are you going for the flip now I thought
I'd try it yeah you did try it I just
had the right
oh my gosh Oh pressure you're now
officially the only person to be upside
down you don't just do the 540 yeah do
the pot for you he can totally do like
backflip backflip variation is insane
but there's not really anything to do it
here on trekkers okay just like 15
degrees short but I was good you got it
one easier to try a backflip and then it
makes the fort easier oh my gosh all
right
pretty sure sure you did it that was a
penny right mind of 12 Thomas do a 540
oh yeah that was very a very good fake
call I commend you all sapling Soviet I
was backed up against the wall like
pancake that was really good dude that
is how you wrap up a session that was
amazing
Thomas good job dude why didn't you do
that before you um because I can't do it
it's not my bag of tricks sorry
I was a very logical answer it really
says a lot about your brain that you can
look at that and be like I think I do a
540 offset like look at it no one would
think that you're but him you're an
amazing human being so that's it for
this video thank you for absolutely
making just having your the reason this
video exists but it made a rainy day way
better for being accommodating port and
losing money with me we did that we
definitely lost some money huh but this
dude has a YouTube channel I'm featured
me in my videos but it's been a second
so you need to go get refreshed on
everything this guy does it will be
right in the info you just click it in
head over to his channel subscribe and
enjoy thanks Kyle proud Kyle Krause you
use the search bar oh yeah if you want
do it that way too if that'll make it
happen but you guys have a great day I
do videos here myself sorry this red
button it's right down there so it's
just the button subscribe you click that
and you're on the list to see more
videos
that's it guess how much you want to
reenact to your 540 one more time sure
probably break my ankle yeah don't do
that
what hold my finger back all the way you
like literally got hurt yeah this is
great my wrist a little tuba sorry
didn't you just you're not even gonna
get that hurts actually skating today is
a challenge right I didn't even get your
fall on tape I just rose it like I
barely I like I tried to film you and
the board yeah I just watched it and I'm
filmed as it oh man you can guess I got
the fall I got that deaf fall yeah
that's about it oh I had no idea that
was about to be that amazing you gonna
get it up there got a nail and that's
probably exactly how it is the person
don't drop it
dude dude you got to dude you got to
pull the bottom out pull the bottom out
let's see then sideways now okay
hopefully it doesn't like just fall once
the one is a door
you
