uh yeah what's up guys so we're here at
the lot that I started skateboarding in
and you guys really liked the video
where I talked about how I started
reviving skateboards so I thought I
would do this video I might have
actually already done it in another
video but never like this
and I'll tell a lot of stories right
here used to be a comic shop and I was a
huge nerd I still AM but I was like what
I did with my days I went to school got
through it because school I wasn't a fan
of if something didn't like genuinely
interest me I didn't want to apply my
time to it
College was awesome because I got to
choose what I listen to its high school
I was like I don't know I got through it
but I could have been more attentive
let's just say so I wanted to get out of
school and come to this building right
here and play Star Wars cards like card
games like magic that type of stuff but
I played Star Wars and uh it was a comic
shop and I just you know that's where my
life was and I go home I play video
games and go to bed and repeat every day
but one day my friend was up here and he
had a skateboard like he used it as
transportation and we were just bored I
guess we were just sitting there like
not playing any games and he was like
hey let's uh one of your skateboard
outside and his guy used to make fun of
me so I actually wasn't my friend at the
time he like made fun of me because I
like ridiculous long hair it just would
give me a hard time over everything's
make fun of me I wore flannel shirts I
did not know how to look like a human
being a proper human being I don't know
what to say
but he asked me this game where I'm like
sure so we walked out here and now
there's no parking curbs there's always
been pardon curves in this lot like for
the last 20 years plus years there's
been pardon trips in this lot and the
second I'm going to film this video
there's no part group so we go over over
here where there used to be a light post
in fact everything this whole strip this
is where I started skateboarding
Beechmont Avenue and everything used to
be way better like that I don't know the
economy who knows I didn't know how to
ollie like I was always interested in
skateboarding I didn't really want to
play sports I was like not really a fan
of like the popular way of doing things
so if like the whole school like this or
that it was kind of a turn-off to me I
don't know why I just liked I didn't
feel like I fit in and skateboarding
which to me was like a group of misfits
like people that didn't fit in so we
like waxed up this parking curb and I
and we both kind of bored so that like
really terrible but like day one like we
like go really I mean I'm talking I'm
probably like my wheels
and I just kind of like tic-tac out of
here something I don't remember just a
long time ago but from then on it was
just magic dude gosh and this whole lot
at different levels of like skating like
how like gosh that's broken too so
different levels of skateboarding like
there's like a wall over that was still
I could skate to this day there's a
handrail over there as I skated and if
you're just driving through like you
just like all there's nothing to skate
here and you keep going so this used to
be a parking card gap that I used to
skate at night and you can see where
they are like the black marks on the
ground I skated that there's a terrible
ledge let's go over to this ledge is
it's terrible I've skated this and when
you're younger things look fun and when
you get older you're like why would I
waste my time on that the Sioux defense
has always been there so it gives you
this much of the ledge to do which is
fine for a boardslide was your as you're
passing by but now I did I like had a
full session on this and I'm I can't
believe that I back lifted I back lift
it to fakie which is weird because when
you ollie your tail would smash into
this fence I don't know how I did it I
would rather skate a tenser handrail
than this ledge today so let's return to
the comic shop this was the first row
first off I had did a heel flip
probably bout a month into skating there
like three weeks because I skated like
just from when I started skating I got
my own board and I skated like five
hours a day everyday just ongoing
throughout all of high school and I was
14 when I started so like all of high
school it was just one hard percent
skateboarding I did a heel flip right
here I got excited I went inside and the
store owner who everyone was friends
with he's super cool dude and I was like
dude I could heal but watch this I tried
it first time in front of him I got it I
pops it would right up the butt crack
dude he laughed so hard just so hard so
that was awesome I I landed it forum
eventually and then right here it used
to be a gap suit like the this used to
go all the way over and that was my
first kickflip ever I can't hold over
the corner and I can't do that either I
wanted to like skate I wanted to skate
this for you guys and there's nothing
there I'll do the heel flip though the
comic shop was comic central and it
doesn't exist anymore if it did I would
still go there alright
first try didn't get it up the butt
that's good
this is later on this isn't like when I
started skateboarding we skated this but
I always looked at and I was like I'm
not like Danny Wayne right so I'm not
going to like just ollie up to a grind
or kind loo right that was that dude
that guy did some really tall grinds but
I bumped we brought a ramp and I filmed
the line where I just did a fakie flip
and then front boarded this and it was
so tough because you have to like you
land on that crack every time my friend
came to skated with me he got to the car
fakie Ollie up the curb and smashed the
window and we were like 18 so we just
ran so sorry I didn't smash it if I
would smash it I probably would have
like came back and like done the right
thing but she knows that money would
destroyed me like there's a hundred
bucks so how much ever it would cost
would have just crushed me as an 18 year
old so this other part of a lot this was
like my EMB this is my love part growing
up we if you were a skateboarder on this
this native this set of neighborhoods
the strip Beechmont this is like what
you tried to do your tricks down come to
naught O's wall so yeah I've done a
million tricks on this most of it off
camera I just didn't film it and then
I've done like a handful over this I
tried to full cab at once and I did not
that was probably the best trick I've
ever tried I stuck a nollie broke my
board I tried some backside flips but
that'd be like it's weird just going
down a drop you know if there's a gap to
it it makes it way easier so this was a
cool gap but now it's kind of weird now
over the rocks dude all this concrete is
so thrashed
I wouldn't even I don't even know if
it'd be worse do you get torn up it's
skated this wall now but this was dude
this changed my life this place changed
my life to this day like if I'm stressed
I just like need to get out of my mind
I'll come skate Beechmont at night and I
start over there and I just make my way
I kind of want to cop to stop me no one
cares we skate like cops just wave but I
want to stop me and just look at me like
how old are you shouldn't you be like
you'd be in bed because you're here to
wake up and go to a real job tomorrow
this is kind of is my job cop or officer
whatever you want say let's not start
skating install started for me in a
comic book shop dude was and it was
awesome gosh if I get you know a lot of
people hated high school like I was like
even during high school I was like this
is awesome I'm lucky and I still to this
day I'm still a nerd I still skate
it's fun so we'll skate this wall gonna
suck I'm going to die on this this is
the ground is chunky enough to but dude
there's like rusty shards I wanted to
like back 180 and kickflip it but man I
don't want to fall on this we cut open
I'm gonna I'm gonna trust the stuff
though the first in my cape of this it
was like it's one of the best moments of
my skateboarding life like it was one of
those things I didn't think I was that
good that you actually try kick from and
land it and I did it so perfect and that
was like a moment that I was like okay I
can do this skateboard anything like I
think I can get decent at it
Oh doesn't feel good Josh it's so wrong
here here how gross ground ground is
dude this is chunky I want a back 180 a
because I'm just gonna fly back okay I
can't go
that was dangerous
my surf landing dude that was no they
ollie happened I was like move backward
any first try
sohe lady came out I was terrible at the
rough ground man it made you feel so out
of out of the swing of things that's a
weird thing to say right out of shape
not out of shape it just felt weird so
she came out she's like no skateboarding
guys and I was like I actually say this
I'm like I'm working on a piece that
promotes something positive you can do
on the streets because it's not a lie
and it makes him feel like all you're
doing something good but girly I am
because I'm putting this out there like
hey you could be doing this and she was
just like I'm like just give us a few
minutes to go if you're a man and I kind
of did when I get my see if you like
that I want to go up to my mic and just
hold my skateboard up I was like and
just hold my skateboard up and be like
this is the reason why I didn't like
drink and do drugs during high school
when like so you're like kicking out a
kid I mean if they're like in traffic or
something I get it but like here we're
behind a building and not hurting
anything and it's like people don't
think like people grow up and they just
don't they don't get it like they don't
remember what it's like to be young
I get like absolutely give a kid
skateboards it can change their life it
did me this lot alone is hey love see
owner Jersey bikes Jersey Mike speech
might happen to go there awesome
business awesome group of people working
there have been going there since s
Transkei poor and they've watched me
grow up skating actually and uh but I
mean the thing yeah not to be super
cheesy but again literally it can change
a kid's life let me skate gosh she's not
hurting anything
and when you grow up don't forget what
it's like to be a kid or a teenager or
whatever you call it that's it though
that's the little day hanging out with
me telling you how I started skating
it's been the best thing ever so I love
to videos here thank you guys very much
and if you guys like this this one was a
little weirder because I didn't have my
like co-workers to like kind of bounce
off of but I'll do more of this style
because I know you guys like this like
documentary type stuff which Stevens is
killing it behind the camera so thank
you to him follow him on Instagram I'll
be right down there but uh yeah if you
guys liked this give us a thumbs up and
comment let me know I love you people
I'll do videos every day so hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
from me and I got a few more ideas for
videos like this so hang in there either
way I'll see you tomorrow
peace out guys
it's amazing that they came out and said
what's up a Jersey Mike's
buy-one-get-one-free sometimes I don't
know
Oh funny thing I got to plug my book
which I did last video like we did like
this and that's because my book like
talks about all of this place like
everything so the books like based on my
life like 98% of it is exactly how it
happened and this is a huge part so if
you really want to low down of how it
starts skateboarding the book I'll put
the links down there it's a nice track
calm or if you're International your
local Amazon but uh yeah it's pretty
cool especially your skateboarder here
incident it has a lot to do that so
that's it I'm shameless plug you can't
really be shameless like somebody in a
video Lugosi that product policeman for
it was like a revive deck it's like yeah
or like somebody would like based ought
to be for wanting to sell my skateboards
nodes like would you start a business
and not not say you know like hey I
bought started a coffee shop please
don't drink here okay it's not cool if I
tell you to drink it on my coffee shop
Internet or suit my gosh but the good
people out there you rule people to have
a brain I love you
you
