I've got a kid on my head how you doing
over there that what's up guys so this
week's father-son video is a recap of a
ton of videos like a best of moments of
the videos I make with my little guy we
love making these videos it's literally
I'd be doing the same thing with them so
just a chance to film it and have it on
YouTube for us to watch whenever we want
is awesome these are by far my most
successful videos so I think you guys
are gonna like this it's all the
memories of us right here and when
you're a Spock when you're yeah I'm part
of that you're part of a duo it's both
of us and I'm going to make you us fall
onto the killers watch these guys give
me my neck bang I'm like you're straight
with me boy boys may be kissing my neck
back no that was in his rock if you can
get it you can't get it can you it's
going away it's going away the truth
guys get me wrong
this is making this name I'm just
kidding Wow laughter I'm sorry buddy you
think I could skip this or no way here
right here
oh that didn't happen ever want to feel
like a ninja turtle get one of these B
shares that you hold your back because
you just feel like we're going to put it
around it so I think the stand looks
different playback ready you're skating
you need glasses that's what make this
way better 5050 you nailed it dude now
get a picture for Mom okay
woo the fun yeah you okay
look at me was that awesome yeah whoops
oh my gosh you did it and it didn't even
land on the marble give me five
that was it that was really cool I can
wreck their Black Creek red Novak I'll
get up there
how why you wanted nachos this Oh No all
right let's go get some nachos that
doesn't we do that we even go foul yeah
yeah we're gonna make a Mario Party
you're my boy your body oh yeah right
back into the tunnels here there are
four players on the other team hope the
Empire is a bad guy okay
that was such a homerun dude oh I was
good oh my gosh we gotta watch that
we're back I can do it
you showed me didn't ya what oh my gosh
hey there's a man from fam same hot me
big whoa whoa
take those beyond me friends what you
did phobic reaction oh wow right father
I am laughing right
what are you doing oh my gosh there's
rotted ok so right it is in the pantry
watching youtube videos on his mom's
phone I don't know why but he shut
himself in the pantry and I'm gonna go
scare ya yeah right ladies while riding
their pokemon cards are you a new one
queue up by at that slow-mo time
I didn't laugh all what do you have
there but from who
careful are we gonna go open it Wow
let's do it
go to your room come on go go go go oh
we're gonna make you say it's a pork
chop it is a pork chop can you say
thanks for hanging out the YouTube hi
partner for kube say bye wave look it
fall down
it was another cool video if you guys
want to see more of us I do a bunch of
videos of them I do a lot of
skateboarding videos and just lifestyle
stuff but I always make it a point to do
at least one video on my channel with
him a week and we love doing them so hit
the subscribe button it's easy it's
right down there the little button that
subscribe just click it and you're
signed up to see more videos and we'll
be back we also have another separate
channel where we do a lot of videos like
twice a week
it's called turbo toy time and those are
super fun we just put a do it up today
so that'll be at the end of this or
it'll be right there just appeared at
the top of the screen you can click that
and check it out right what do you want
to do for the rest the day I am you want
to go to volcano mmm
I wanna kick your appetite so what
elaborate only a laboratory well you
know where one is I'll google it we'll
find out all right hey wow I love you oh
are you sure that is the weirdest way to
hit ever
