I'm here
that was weird and you still have a face
now it's gone Donald's workspace now
we're doing
almost a measly that's it's supposed to
be at the same time ah
no yeah you do a bunch
well this ball
you better clean that up mister you know
sometimes you have Diaz in life and
sometimes are good and sometimes they're
like hey let's buy that thing did you
buy it no the thing looks like a shoe
for a three-year-old and they look weird
because I've had a three-year-old before
so they're a little you to smell the
smell mess up Aaron
YouTube what is up guys so this is
another revive randomness this series
has been going on well there there's
some kid like guard there oh yes there
has been going on for a long time now
and it's just basically scratched from a
bunch of videos whether it's sloppy
landings or tricks that just didn't make
it a lot of this one was just back up
angles that Craig gave me so you
probably seen these tricks but just
never from that angle things like that
so it's just kind of a free range video
but the reason why I like it so much is
because it really kind of captures what
it's like just to go out and skateboard
nap on you know it's just like just
going out whatever goofy clip would get
it happens there's no like kind of
direction with the video it's just a
random fun which is pretty much what
skateboarding is but LBi's like that I
do with youth here every single day so
if you're not already subscribed hit the
subscribe button is right down there and
you just click the button and you're
signed up to see more videos why are
their feet next to my face yeah that's
it I'm gonna hang out with this guy for
the rest of the night and I will see you
guys tomorrow with another video right
say bye bye say hello uh-huh say green
light green light say french fries why
just like say I'm gonna get tickled
