I see that look on your face kg of hopes
and dreams of going to college and
getting a job and doing all that sort of
things yeah well on the top of a college
sheet what does it say it says name date
can you ask to drop and that's where we
come in people watch this video I'm
ended up but what I'm about to teach you
you too what is up guys I am back to
teach you a skateboard trick that anyone
can learn even if you don't skateboard
if you have a general sense of balance
you get stand on skateboard here's a
trick if you learn or if you're just
starting to skateboard and you want to
actually get into it this is something
you can pick up first day with all
skateboarding you can slip out you can
get hurt that is life people live which
is full of risks you have to take and
this one you know it's not super
dangerous so I'm not trying to scare you
but be ready to fall down the important
thing is that you get back up and you
try again the trick I am teaching you is
called an acid drop alright it's
basically where you hold the board on
the nose and you jump in the air and you
land on okay it's good a second half of
ollie and part of it all is it in the
air part so you're just going to jump
and throw the board underneath your feet
now swing it like this if you having to
jump and swing it down and put my feet
on it now there's a couple ways this can
be used you can do like I just did which
is a good way to throw your board down
and just roll around and you cruise
around do whatever you want or you can
actually do it as a trick so I'm going
to take I'm going to go to this box
since you're starting out ride on a curb
something not that big and if you want
to get used to getting it on your feet
do this into the grass so you're going
to hit the grass and just roll into a
soft fluffy bed of nature's sheets so
I'm going to do it off this box and it
could be a zone trick
see there you go things you need to know
before trying this is that your feet
placement matters a lot if you land with
your feet close in the middle would you
feed together you're much more likely of
slipping out frontwards or backwards and
when that happens is going to be fast
and your body's going to fly to the
ground and that's when you can get hurt
now this is a very easy thing to fix
before it even happens and make sure
you're landing with your feet spread out
I aim my feet one over each pair of
bolts okay that's or over the wheels or
trucks however you want to think about
it the wider the stance the more you're
going to be able to catch your balance
and roll away and if this sounds kind of
confusing as much it's too much to
handle to actually look in the air while
you're throwing your skateboard
underneath your feet do it without the
board you know did you just jump and
make sure you're landing with a decent
space in between your feet and then when
you get comfortable doing that you can
do the same thing with the skateboard
and that is the acid drop it is super
easy to learn and this is something I
used to do when I was kid not even
thinking about it
I took my skateboard to the elementary
school and we find him at skating world
I had a skateboard but I wasn't actually
skateboarding and my kid grabs the board
jumped off four stairs and did this he
did escape or either it was just
something he thought he could do and he
landed it and it was awesome and then
later I started to skate then I was like
oh I know how to do it now because I can
actually tapley so when you're learning
it's definitely learning on the ground
first and well as I mentioned put it in
the graph if you think there's a chance
that you're going to flip out and you're
really shaking on the board try it in
the grass first before you try it onto
concrete but think about concrete is
when you land it if you jump forward
you're going to be rolling away and
you're going to get a greater sense of
accomplishment you're going to feel the
ground rolling beneath your feet and it
can be fun look at all of the
ghostbusters okay
you see those how happy they are they've
all absent dropped easy and before I get
into more detail about variations of the
acid drop if you guys like this video
hit the subscribe button it's right down
there I do daily videos here on YouTube
a lot of its going to be informational
stuff that help you skateboard but a lot
of it's just a fun with my friends
skateboarding I do lifestyle
my son who is the best little dude ever
I love them and anything I think is
entertaining I make videos of it I do it
every day so hit that button and I
appreciate it but let's keep learning
how to master drop
I just got interrupted by one of my
workers here on the way you're talking
about could you just can you ask to drop
for me do it hard could you learn that
first day of skating could you teach
someone that never had skateboards Jeff
all right hey here is another one of my
teammates ash workers here's regulars do
an escrow gene here no but was that easy
for you sorry did you have learned that
the very first day straight skateboard
if I can stand on my own feet and they
were stable or like this with yes like
you I'm assuming you could when you
start game yeah I think I could yeah so
there you guys go it's a really fun
trick too and one of the things is that
this trick will actually help you learn
other tricks but people often do in
skateboarding what you don't see a lot
of people doing acid drops down stuff
but you do see them cave bending into
things so when you do an answer drop
into a grind or slide it's like caveman
so I generally do this trick down
handrails up net I don't know if I've
ever done it on a flat bar I'm gonna do
it on this flat bar for you guys you
so that's a caveman Waterside you can
also do it into other caveman grinds and
stuff but if you're going to do it just
make sure his own is coming too low that
was like I always doesn't look low but
that was load for me and it was kind of
scary a lot of corn is that you can get
creative with it it alert and actually
use this in future if you continue
skateboarding if you really want to get
kind of dangerous it doesn't take a lot
of skill and talent but it you could get
hurt doing it you can get into Astrid
kickflip or I use Jo can do a strop hard
flip it's a kind of a goofy thing no one
does that stuff but I mean if you want
if you learn the answers drop and you
want to take the next step that's
something you can do so one thing I got
to say with skateboarding I didn't
mention that it is hard if you're having
trouble just do not get discouraged just
keep trying J Berger is one of those
things that's just tough for the best of
the best students out there struggle
with it every single day what's
important is that you keep trying and
you will get better okay set goals for
yourself when you hit that goal set
another one and you want to start with
if you want to actually learn the basic
ollie which will open up a whole new
world of you skateboarding I'll put it
at the end of this video linked I did a
video on it already either way just keep
trying try try try is the important part
not to be super cheesy but I mean cheese
is great
everyone likes cheese if you don't raise
an eyebrow at you
okay sharp cheddar it's a block of it
I'm from the Midwest here there's
everyone to watch them this one has to
do it you an answer job and I'll sign
that for you okay do something make it a
good one I'm going to cast you yeah he's
going to do it for real he hands down
the homeless everyone else was lazy
about it he jumped up I wonder he did it
better me you didn't even do it okay
okay yeah would change his birthday
happy birthday James you do the custom
griptape order off of the Shred course
calm that's why that happens guy right
here is going to do the almost Angela
I'm actually going to show Carlos's acid
rock is there he's crazy the art looked
over the handrail Oh before the video
ends I'm going to show you the best
display of acid drops like skateboarding
that I've seen on Street and it's my
friend Carlos Laura he does it like a
figure I get asked to drop kick flip and
then he does the astronaut capable of
late flip or something I don't know just
watch it it's insane but if you guys
liked what you saw make sure hit the
subscribe button
like I said us right down there and I'll
be back tomorrow with another video and
that's it hope you guys have a great day
just make sure you go out there skate
and have fun let it go Carlos take it
away Wow
got it
like the world
hello what is up I am back hello what is
up that sounds terrible
notice at the end the video Oh bonus
club okay no Craig's are you watching
the room dude you got to do it after up
people stop coming in the room so I can
end this video yeah do it on this ski
for ringing on one oh you got to do it
all the top of the building just to
great hear it sound like um oh my god
was that hard could you have learned
that first day of keyboard you should
yeah I mean the average person he rolls
over carpet go to concrete / grab I said
grass like carpets a little did you
actually landed in salt was having on
like a good medium between grasses he
brought some of them my and walk around
you
