what's up guys I'm in San Francisco for
the weekend and I'm gonna be skating
with Aaron Cairo probably some of the
Braille Jews but we just got here in
Bryan Ames immediately tried to get in a
stranger's car rather than our rental
did you get into the right car this time
yeah that's why I'm in the car
it's good you got here finally making
its program I'm making it up and I'm
sitting in our car right now Alex you
try to get into a lady's car while she
was in it moving it yeah yeah so let's
go to the Braille House thing that's our
first stop appropriately so she harmed
it directly at me which oh is she
waiting for your spot probably she's so
mad that guy's actually wearing a shirt
well we did it trees you literally like
see nothing just driving through a
Stephen King novel I can't film on your
Jedi that's why I'm filming my feet I'm
gonna hold you there's Erin's feet
greeting Brian how are you Aaron it's
good to see you tonight a nice game gear
to game speed man here we are here's the
Braille house that seems way bigger than
I thought oh my gosh the trampoline I
forgot about that
hey man have a pro-ball Hey so we got
these in the last second and the box is
currently on the way yeah I'm gonna put
together a box for you to but it should
be a special one yeah
here have some grip too good night
that's gonna look hilarious I don't
remember it but I believe it look at the
wall guys if you're watching my channel
you know about what Braille does an
errand and game and all this awesome
dude but yeah they have skated some
unique skateboards and
really cool super cool to actually be
here it's my first time and I want to
jump on the trampoline
what you haven't skated in like what 30
minutes but you did it first dry I like
that this is too iconic you have to do
this the other sacrifice are you ready
way better than the it's like spandex
what does it feel like it looked like
like stripper boots no offence by
Braille health I didn't get too much
footage here but we're going out to
actually a State Street and stuff I'm
sure you probably see some more content
here but for now we leave weird because
she had a goldfish collection all the
target balls are now slick right there
the shiniest target ball structure
remember the one time we're like yeah
they're gonna have paraffin wax it at
Target they weren't it didn't you got
this so I got a seashell the seashell
remember that one time you shine the
trick at the courthouse to the video
part in turn oh yeah okay well that's
already in the trailers Ryan and I ate
all of your sunny cranberry I'll call
your seat builder and I will shut off
there you go I switch I get you back on
that you didn't think I was serious no
one she hit a pelican with a tennis
racket it looks so great for a shoebox
we're a very fun skate spot it's really
good for Anna to destroy I'm hoping he
does I'm going to drop in with full gear
and cameras are you talking on my cheap
shell phone I'm having the greatest
conversation remember that song in
Little Mermaid under the sea yeah well
think of that while you watch this you
do not know that song but look at ours
better oh wow something set out a
weather
whoa cowards wetters ya better knew that
Brian a maybe the guy that brought the
leer Joshy has those good it reversed my
love for that trick when you do it
pretty sure I felt like a fist fly by my
face but I I knew it from the matrix I'm
alright let's grab sweet mother
oh we got the deathly hallows up in this
Danna right and you I'm going to die oh
that worked really well
hi Indyk now that it looked good but I
didn't expect the role is no thanks I
replace this rock okay and you I guess
you don't thank you oh yeah I'm casual
one pass oh that's the best I'm gonna do
on this guy nailed a trick screamin this
guy nailed a trick this guy shot some
photos
it's got bills of stuff I got home to
but other than I was useless you I gotta
say that quick oh yeah please show me
them hey does your water here so we
don't have a lot of sunlight left oh
we're going to another spot so where do
you find the spot okay I've never been
here before and no one in this car has
been here before but my dad has been
here before
that's amazing I was my dad's telling
you skate spots he's been done I'm not
sure dance so no skate spots - oh yeah
hi dad oh there's a space YouTube says
hi back
buddy oh I write it right skateboard
more I was my haribol here today gonna
hobble I love you my baby I love you too
remember that one time Gabe took us to a
skate spot and it was a skate park
oh it gave mark those that bus yeah so
we got you this trail mix yeah and then
I took them and then Brian took them and
then the ground so who did that
your shoulder to kick of me yeah there
live stream is Adam a320 what's up
to wrap this up we're going to a pop
quiz between you guys all right
immediate to force planet from the Sun
Earth Mars mark thank you stay out of it
I got it my gosh look suck in the
seventeen hundreds what was the most
profitable crop in the United States
corn we I would toast aback Oh tobacco
boom Andy write me one you guys zero I'm
just going my gut reaction snail as a
meal is referred to as what at heart now
you know started earlier sale is right
though again it's now oh yeah that's
gotta go everything yeah two towns in
Montana name him goes Marilyn and Helena
Red Lodge to go home down I said one of
my school your what continent was a
Tyrannosaurus Rex dominant on India
now NGO works who said something this
one yes because it was over in the West
I think but oh I'm a whole Cairo point
I've put all Ansari alive who parodied
Alex Trebek shut
what we kind of melt it to you now
welfare thank you I said old school to
give you a hint
let's go uh who has a wonderful horrible
life did you end who he does all right
and for the final question what song
dark toasts are used in many many we are
the walrus no I'm done these are done
Thank You CKY testing CKY piston air
incarnate I'll better come up with some
real questions I'm going to get you guys
a heated battle okay I just did this on
top my head but thank you for letting me
youtube channel Minh skate in your
warehouse today it sounds awesome and
you guys should follow a channel okay it
pops up right there in the corner and in
the info is also there you guys are
probably already following it but if
you're not if you're one of the few
people that aren't go check it out oh
yeah and I do videos here every single
day second one is even more for me if
the subscribe button but I'll see you
guys tomorrow
now let's cut back now I'm an ass
piranha question what Led Zeppelin song
did The Beatles cover not or either I
just I just assume they might have some
looking ahead
alright well say goodbye
you like nachos
