can YouTube what's up guys I'm going to
karate chop this skateboard just like
this okay watch Oh nailed it you
automatically thought that I was going
to break the skateboard I never said
that I said I was going to cry chop it
which I did okay so you and me we should
be good we should be good that was a
stupid way to start this video but what
is up guys this is an update video but I
talk about things going all my life
those are about things with my company
and I'm going to talk about things that
are on my mind basically in talking
about things all right let's do this
my life has been weird but I usually say
busy and crazy right it's been that but
it's been weird because I suddenly stops
traveling I don't have any trips planned
until the end of April that's just like
a day or trip day or two trip for me to
go to the beach because I'm losing my
braids you guys part of brain laying
somewhere it's mine send it to me okay
the robot pedo box please take over the
world it has me drained it's just doing
taxes I was looking over all my expenses
last year and I was like oh my gosh I
traveled all these places all these
memories we're just flying up from the
paper because the a movie of memory is
okay I was like oh damn Cisco a Las
Vegas on New York City and I was like
these were fun anyway the family trips
you know like those were on there too
and I'll but I want to do all of this
again it's not happening anytime soon
and I'm like oh wow is this week this is
weird but it is nicer the reason is that
if you only get back to my life like
editing videos I'm starting to Adam GaSe
beforehand I'm starting to be able to
film and just get a bunch in reserve so
once I jump back into to traveling and
filming and stuff it'll be a little
easier on me hopefully also I get to see
way more of writing because that's the
hardest part of traveling I never do it
for too long I'm always just gone for
like two three days at a time but it's
still tough like I missed a little dude
so much and FaceTime does not cut it
would you look at my hand
I'm blessed as far as survive and taking
the world goes it's really coming
together I'm sorting clips I'm kind of
getting everything put together I'm like
contacting artists about music and it's
awesome I cannot wait in like a few
weeks here when I have like the discs
and like this is taking over the world
and then we got to get sent it out on
DVDs made but it is coming out in June
so get excited for that that's going to
coincide with the summer release and it
is going to be a big one get big excited
it could be really cool the only
instruction about taking over the world
is that a lot of you were going to watch
it and be like oh you guys had this many
years to do this and it's like well also
we were filming YouTube videos every
single day all of us so when you watch
it when you when you see everything we
did for it like the fact that we were
doing more than full
jobs on the side I'm just really proud
of it all of the dudes out on the team
and friends involved with this this
project I just I love you guys and I
cannot wait for it actually to be a
thing and you guys be able to get it get
me out DVD we have digital download yes
it cost money off you were just like
like wait what that's a skate company
through this we make actual escape
videos in this so let me put our blood
sweat and tears in this video and it's
going to be a lot like to try to keep
things lower but either way is coming
and I am excited and then after that
we're going to stop focusing on force a
lot I know some of the force guys are
supposed to be coming out here next
month so maybe we'll do some like online
features like some really cool projects
with them while they're here but you'll
definitely seem in the videos I do want
to do that for store video we were
supposed to at last year but we couldn't
get everything together and I think
we're going to do it later this year so
hopefully for Christmas you'll get a
force toward DVD / digital download W a
lot of fun
I keep punching off the new company but
there is a new company being announced
very soon all the pieces are pretty much
there and it's in the skateboarding
world it could be a lot of it's going to
be really cool to unveil so be excited
this year is going to be a year okay
even if it was a bad year still be a
year let's just put that out there okay
if you guys play Zelda Brothers a wild I
got in 10 dose which day one because I'm
going to tend to loyalists I'm such a
fan and no I don't care if you don't
like Nintendo I don't care if you like
ps4 or Xbox whatever you're happy
playing on Internet is so crazy when it
comes to hating on video games
I like Nintendo I'm happy with that but
the new Zelda is oh my - it is so good
every day I'm just like I get to play
Zelda before I go to bed at night and
it's so much fun it's been a long time
since I gained that came out in and felt
this magical it is so addicting there's
a whole world to explore if you have a
Wii U or you can get your hands on a
switch get this game it is so so good
I've always said two things earthbound
is my favorite game and 597 is the best
game of all time okay but it's like
Earth Day has a special place in my
heart so I would say that's my favorite
there was ever a contender for Pharma
sb7 to be dethroned on my list I would
say though it would be it I mean that's
507 is the masterpiece so I'm not I'm
not making that save it yet in fact this
year in general is just awesome like
we've had so many good movies Logan
rules I haven't seen get out but I
really want to see that calm was real it
was really good we talked about that on
the podcast in fact all movies and video
games stuff we talked about on the
podcast so if you want to hear nerd talk
I'll put a link right down there for our
podcast to do with run chambers called
strike back podcast now we
new guardians of the galaxy coming out a
new spider-man coming out like the list
goes on new Star Wars of the year like
every single years it gets better and
better for movies these thankful
thanks something like there's no one in
the room thank the wall for existing
because this is one of the best time to
be alive for movies it's just such a
good era in film and I'm a happy guy not
even go look at the camera I'm so happy
I did want to talk about one thing that
is clickbait I was actually gonna make a
whole video on this just ranting about
it I'm like still so many people are
confused on what clickbait is clickbait
is not when like for instance I had a
video with writing I made him eat some
hot sauce and make him even volunteered
he was going to eat some Tabasco sauce
which is super spicy for a five-year-old
and there's like five-year-old
eat spicy pepper sauce nothing no that's
not exactly that happens in the video
that's like a main feature if it was
like a one-second clip out of like a 10
minute video sure that's like that's a
question well you don't do that you know
you don't have a flash of one thing in
the video does nation have anything to
do with that but when the video has a
chunk of that and it like is like it's
not quickly alright quickly is when
there's a picture of boobs on the screen
and you click it and it's just some dude
talking and has nothing to do with boobs
not that I'm like going out to search
boobs but not the classic form a good
base or the articles is just completely
lie Kanye West Pudge guns beige yes yes
and then you click it in is like rock on
yes like fake fighting a stuffed animal
or something okay
no that's that's good base I'm getting
so question about this since the dawn of
time people have named their things that
is attention-grabbing
and exciting because they want you to
watch it they want you watch the movie
they want you to read the book okay
they're not going to need to start the
Star Wars how often are they actually
fighting in space okay not that often on
the grand scheme of things it happens it
does happen and that's what gives it to
the exciting part and they're going to
name their movies after that because it
gets you to watch it that's rather than
in name Star Wars some things happen in
a galaxy far away that don't need them
but dumbest title ever no one would
watch that only four people are watching
they'd be like when I was a weird title
with a movie ruled especially with
YouTube like as for me and everyone else
on YouTube that's it does it's like
full-time
that's their job so my job is to make
videos that people are going to watch
you know like so I'm going to title it
appropriately because the better my
videos do the better I can support my
family see my little my little cute
child awesome little dude that's my life
I do better I do the better I can
by for him and give him opportunities in
life I don't want to hand him a bunch of
money and like adjust a future but I
want to be able to afford a life that if
he wants to learn a certain skill or do
go a certain way I can supply that for
him and then he can create his life from
that my gosh could be is so very rarely
used correctly so when I see it I like a
lot of my videos I'm like sure sometimes
there'll be like some questionable
titles but I personally never going to
do a video that's like the title isn't
actually reflected in a good chunk of
the video unless it's like a montage
where you have to pick one piece you can
just be like a bunch of things you might
like like that's dumb
calm down any calm down I'm done ranting
though maybe I shouldn't do a whole
video on that so if you think I should
I'm thinking of that people can just
like copy and paste like here watch this
video because you don't know what
clickbait is you're Ringo Whitledge is a
picture of like a half-naked girl and
that the girls in their first split
seconds in a full video like that is
clickbait and it's like naked girl
bought me a pizza when that's not the
main part of video that's quickly and I
want to be able to have a video to show
people that that's it all right I'm done
ranting though thank you guys for
watching this update video some videos
to come
what do we have tomorrow I have a laga
sewed with Braille so that'll be fun
over an SF that was a fun day it's often
a Terran in a couple of videos and then
I think I have I did a new series idea
called like any tricks anyone can learn
a lot of people were like hey do you
make videos like this you're stupid I'm
gonna watch it anymore it's not a lot of
people like a couple like two comments
or something and I'm like I've always
done videos to help out beginners and I
thought it was a really cool opportunity
to get people that didn't skate to start
skating which is definitely a goal
behind my videos and what Braille does
all of us do look we tried to like bring
skateboard into the world as a whole so
I thought that was a really cool idea if
you're advanced skateboarder and you
know want to watch a beginner video
don't put the video it's blatantly that
says that but I have another one of
those coming on Sunday is my point and
then I always got more stuff I think I'm
about to film a skit with Sam Tabor
after I do this and that's on the way
and yeah but I did one thing a second
before I go and say I want to know what
you want because YouTube is so weird
these days
like the views are like just like so
uneven like it used to be very steady my
views as a whole never been better I'm
doing really good as like a successful
youtuber but like all those skate video
just people won't care of course the
videos with my son and I
and having a good time always do well
but it's like in my skateboarding is
becoming a lot less relevant as a whole
all the channels on YouTube I'm not
seeing as much skate content be
successful so what do you guys like
watching well I definitely want to push
hate boarding here on YouTube so I'm not
going to back off skate off anything I
want to know how I can make videos that
you guys will want to watch it you know
where else Wednesday's not going
anywhere and we are event about to start
back up again but you guys actually
gotta watch these videos if you want
them to continue at the rate they are so
let me know what you want to see and
what you like about my channel and I
would love that feedback so you want to
see more videos from me I don't just
talk to the camera like this for most of
my many of them out there doing skating
having fun goofing off with my son all
that's up I do daily videos so hit the
subscribe button is right down there
super easy you just hit that button and
you're signed up to see more videos from
me and I would appreciate that I just
really appreciate it I'm doing enough
talking here I'm gonna go here is my
leftover salad thing from Taco Bell's
gross
I just got it everywhere is terrible
which is all my case yeah let me build
my face okay
all right go back mainly done I'm
basically we're done we're passionate
we're boys my youtube channel I should
be a voice actor I don't live in LA
though I'm sort of making them go
certain a mic and I say this line it's
not even a line I did not write it down
I suck at talking oh I try to talk right
there didn't work
