we're about to enter the Shred quarters
which is pricey a partner and me a lot
of people know about it now it is
oh this is it this is a room that I
never ever would have thought that was
going to exist this is how I started
revived skateboarding anything we worked
I didn't want to start a company when I
did all this I just wanted to make
youtube videos
I started getting comments asking for
product like skateboards shirts and I
want to make people happy like I want to
give them what they wanted so I think
okay and I just started making stuff and
I try to make the right decisions I
never took any like business classes at
all I didn't really know what I was
doing I just tried to use common sense
and googled stuff so many kids asked me
how to start their own business like
dude Google com will teach you anything
once about once a month I walk into this
room and it hits me again like well this
is this is what it all came to be like
this happened because of my random
thoughts when I was 26 I think I was 26
when I started all this here's the road
deck this is all the revived sports we
actually started out as a revenge it was
a series we're making a skate video
called skate revenge and I got with West
Prichard and Alex buting I hit him up
and they were out working me right in
that room West stop skating and he has a
family and all that stuff which is cool
but Alex and I continued it and we
started making videos behind the scenes
for a skate video it's called skate
revenge and then eventually we're like
let's do the board company so we just
call it revenge skateboard so let's go
over here and I'll show you the little
revenge deck so I just sort of bacon
deck and I didn't think too much of it I
didn't think you could actually start a
company and be successful you know I
thought like start a company you had to
be a big name in skateboarding like a
pro like Tony Hawk's cousin or something
you know and when the deck sold out
because the videos were doing fairly
well on YouTube and YouTube
skateboarding scene was was a new thing
I kind of after you camera dude I was
like one of the first I think I was the
first person I don't like to say this is
all I come across egotistical but I
think I was the first person to add like
talking and personality to youtube
videos YouTube skateboarding so I
thought well if he saw the skating and
then you saw the personality even if you
didn't skate at least the personality
was there to entertain and uh that was
my mentality and a guy like that could
never
start a skate brand so I didn't have a
huge interest in it actually there's a
guy yeah Alex meeting is I started he's
been there since the very beginning
hey come shake my hand now we'll hug
we're close enough to hug dude thank you
what a journey hasn't it her good dude
yeah thank you your your better dude oh
so I started in the decks were selling
out and it was just I was like wow we
really have some in here but I wasn't
like totally giving it my all I wasn't
like really putting my brainpower to it
and seeing it was the best way to run a
business here Leon here's the revenge
deck up on the wall because we ran out
of room over there
and we redid the skatepark so we serve
over here right here you read the left
red and the black right there those are
the first two decks I remember I got 50
of each and it was scary because I think
I gotta sell 100 decks but they went
they was fast and then every time I get
a batch they was fast and eventually I
talked to that guy he's over he's in the
kitchen appropriately what the first
time he's in the video it's like oh he's
the guy that hangs up next to the fridge
no that's my business partner and friend
I bet prejudice uses all 14 so he was
the first person I thought of I was like
eh I've got this company and I think it
could be successful keep selling out and
I he has a brain he's really good he's
dedicated hard worker and good friend so
I hit him up and he thought about it
Brian you thought it was good
you were nervous maybe wait maybe he's
just trying to play off make sure it's
ritzy yeah he thought about it so he
treated a little husband but he I had
someone lined up to talk to after you I
mean I didn't have a meeting set up but
it was like you know I had to like what
he's not gonna do with me because I
couldn't do a huge I couldn't do as well
until but he said yes and it was the
best decision ever these days I would
never do without him like what it was
insane like I never in a million years
thought that I would have this money Dec
I mean I guess we tend to Leone these
right these are our decks right and
that's weird there's like probably like
7,000 sitting here right now
total 6,000 yeah like the holidays we
had like eight to ten thousand somewhere
in there so revenge
total didn't work out I was like could
we quickly found out there was a
longboarding truck company revenge truck
and we asked them because the trademarks
office they're like what we finally
started doing things legal we're like we
should trademark our name and the
trademark office is like we'll let you
do it but we think this is a little
similar as a longboarding truck company
you should ask their permission first
and they wanted some money for the name
which fine they wanted a lot of money in
a way like was not even didn't even a
thought that we would pay that much
money so we just rebranded if you look
at the older edge text with a revive we
finally you know we can keep the
branding and it would look similar and
it was a more positive because we're all
about like fun and you know we want to
have the vibe where like you watch our
videos and it feels like you're out
there skating with your friends because
that's what we skate for it over we have
a good time we love skateboarding and
that's what we wanted to come across
though revived made sense and we were
scared we didn't know we were out for a
few months because we couldn't sell the
Revenge stuff we like had one final day
of selling it and it went pretty fast
actually but there's some traces still
existing and then we're it arrived came
back it was even more successful than
revenge is the stuff bought out really
fast and then it was hard to keep decks
in stock and made fast enough for the
demand mostly because the skateboarding
industry takes so long to make decks
made you know you don't make an order
and it comes in next week let me just
like every single season we put out a
new news I'm looking about to yell my
worker for working no I'm not going to
yell he knows it's a struggle he walks
in he's like what's that idiot with a
camera doing every single season like
spring summer fall winter we do a new
line that means new boards new apparel
like hoodies all that stuff most of the
decks or is it me just getting a random
idea and then JP Coover turns them into
reality and this we're having a meeting
where shows all the decks and I was like
oh we should totally add a villain deck
that has Bryan's face on and he's a bad
guy and then it comes to reality it's
you know there's some little planning we
put a lot of planning but still little
planning when we're actually planning
that make sense that's how my brain
works doesn't make sense here's one of
the best decks ever made
taco deck we should have called it a
heaven deck I think I tried to call this
shirt that I'm obsessed with taco dude
like
like lately I'm when I draw a little
doodles on orders and stuff I just draw
taco and like part of me is like you
should change this up that's all you do
is draw tacos and part of me is like
yeah I mean that's all I do is real
tacos that's like the right decision so
there you go that's it often if you want
to get blinded point this at the Sun and
look up at you look at look into it now
it's not that bad but it's cool like
when someone doesn't kickflip on this
you're like he has the platinum deck
just people to get notice of the
skateboard get that one when I started
doing this though I
I remember when like I got with Ryan and
I was like if what is what what do I
want to do with all of this and I was I
thought if I got to the point where we
had a warehouse and I had a box on the
floor that I could skate like any time
at night I'll be all this will be way
more successful than I ever could have
imagined that now we have this which is
crazy like this is 7,500 square feet
that's 450 600 square feet and then we
have three offices over there and it's
just like I have an office which is the
weirdest thing in the world because I
grew up a skate skate rat you know like
I was on the street every single day of
my life I went to college and nothing
really felt right and eventually I was
like well maybe I could do YouTube
videos that way I could go to audience
and if I wanted to like start a band or
like I wrote books at the time I still
try to write books I could like you know
I could I could push myself with with
the audience and then but it'd be more
likely to succeed and then I said I had
so much to get content for growing up I
used that but I was like never a million
years I thought it would have an office
like that's weird I want to do this
video just because I guess I might
answer this question so many times on
how it started it but yeah it's just
from YouTube videos and then I give it
up just work and work it hard man I
worked like a hundred hours a week on
all this stuff everyone asks what my
favorite deck is
again I have to say the red lifeline is
it's like the first one but this one
boom
the Carlos pad sample already made that
one I just like his creepy I like creepy
and it was like on edge do a lot of cool
skate spots on us we like leave a face
and on the kid I dreamt of trying it the
NK u H there he was here in synthesized
my favorite skate spot in the world EMB
that and the Philly courthouse and love
park eventually what is little bit on
there do it now that briefly went away
so hollow high now like all the spots
mean some of the people I grew up in the
skateboard community so that's how I
started to revive skateboards I never in
a million years thought I was going to
be able to do have a life in
skateboarding I love I love
skateboarding I just like I'm literally
out to dinner like the nice deer with my
wife and I'm like and I kind of wish I
was skating like that so happens to me
to have a career in it is just I'm so so
thankful so everyone else who shares
that passion I feel you you feel me I
don't what I'm trying to say I'm going
to skate you get some Archie shops
I'll skateboard you want to do that
so that was the most typical session
ever for me on I never get to skate as
much as I like and when I do I think I
can just do the same tricks I I've
always done I can see like I take me
that long and then it does it takes me
long it should be like what like 40
minutes of land for tricks
you're a novice it has never ever
cleaned full really nerdy things that
made me look like I'm a kid just cuz I
love collecting like nerdy stuff that
mental any of the kid well that's it I
get asked this question so much and I
thought I would do this video just like
a laid-back me talking to you guys I do
do videos here every single day so hit
the subscribe button if you're not
already subscribed but to everyone that
is and watch my videos this is all this
happened because of you guys so I just
want to like from the bottom of my heart
thank you this is a dream come true I
love skateboarding and to everyone out
there that shares my passion and like
you know gets behind us what we do here
we all love it and it supports a lot of
these dudes like entire lives you know
they just work here in the skate shop I
want to thank the whole crew the whole
team and just anyone that's played a
piece in this that includes you guys
thank you so much I love you all even
people that are out there talking trash
love you guys unless you don't
skateboard and you hate and you have
nothing to do with me then like come on
man be a nicer person actually if you
hate just be not your person that's it
though I'll see you guys tomorrow for
another video peace out
this is the story before I started hi
skateboards pretty much it's like
fictionalized change their owns names
Mike Altos like a very small sort of
events to make the story slow but I yeah
you just literally go to Andy Stratcom I
didn't mean to be a plug but now to plug
but it's my own book so it's not weird
or this it's about me as a teenager and
it absolutely has adult me stressed out
where I grew up skateboarding and then
at the same time here is kylo Ren and
Captain phasma with a Star Trek backdrop
Wow you know way too much about me
