thank you
we're in luck it is worth was everything
backward that was the most so trippy it
was the most uncomfortable way ya ever
walk out of door the best thing is you
spin around is that the front of your
pants this deal everything's gone back
look like back of pants okay alright I'm
actually going to fix myself here can
you fill me up my oh my
you're skipping soon I'll give this some
skin space no what no one ever knows
about this about me way to I will skip
up skip stones why would we even
skateboard huh oh wow yeah it is my
where else Wednesday I'm really excited
because you guys were doing something in
there and I'm not sure what as long as
it doesn't have me bathing in my
underwear in these pools I got here
alright puddles were there warm up five
tricks to fakie or tricks in general on
the bank ledge right there
you know like flip tricks Oh on the
paint on the bank look Kirk's okay I was
like I'm gonna do like a grind of thing
yes not possible trick and then mystery
challenge and then there is like this
insane like like rail of death we took
all the boxes and combined them and the
rails into one master rail and throw
long you lay you just made a huge grind
yeah yeah this idiot you've to do it ten
minutes yeah give me seven if you don't
do it then you said the pool come on if
you do do it you doping okay I can do
this this should be stupid
it's might be the engineer under that
I've been given I don't have any other
than me yeah yeah you can see think it's
great it is it great it's insane alright
well some bear kids will I agree so five
flip tricks to fakie yes and then
mystery challenge yeah and then that
night grind of grind of doom
then do I'll end up on a beach at the
end of this because this is kink I don't
think the community is involved a
handrail well to handle it does not
involve a hand call does it take it is
case or pants on backwards it feels
really weird you guys know I could walk
on roll can you do
Oh coach I could walk on walls
everyone's going to comment about half
an hour
hey well Jackie can't talk to me thanks
Justin and done hey that is long Alex
said it something that air can flow
would make Eric kids ones got nothing on
me no he's good at that so I'm just
kidding they're kids a rule $200 the
video first try
hey what happened let's be honest 300
400 you hear the craziest the hardest
thing is going to be just writing like I
don't know like we need a lot of wack we
should go of it news all right blisters
right you've got crap out of this thing
yeah it's looking to pick yet I joined
this I'm like so eager to bang everyone
would start with a kid with a piggy I'm
gonna do a varial if a fever on the bank
it'll do it failed
Halla going he goes for it you care Wow
he did it
what's number two trick he was one I'm
sure I've done this but I don't have a
memory of doing it I know why you would
put a weird trip he'll for the paper
what's the third trick double flip that
one should have been first right and it
should have been first round after dark
you two are the only one to do it from
show you hard
he did easily knowledge for a double
I need a three book no no girls like
Atticus the first time ever anyone's
ever done that on this thing probably
definitely never cross aspects of my
life not to thank you
I said you were the first one who's ever
done that on this Bank probably the only
person is never going to bother engine
entry I have no idea with a good history
channel chat channel I don't tell and I
don't put anything through my mystery
sauce okay not at all I just say it I
make out with Justin Walker right little
opposite niggas just know you're you
can't use magic
alright I want just moniker to do and
wrestling move on you but you've got to
flip you like I lay down would you play
out here WCW versus NWO yesterday what
made that pop in your head
I'll think about our work going from
last week and we're going to yell I can
do a flip
yeah I guess with you we don't have any
pads of any stores like a beer with my
cows let's go over to the bed
urine we've let cow and the duck your
goal is just to throw me and flip me i I
guess very good your honor heretic the
rest of this episode might not happen
are you are you ready
I know I know all memories I don't know
all right reg be right here
absolutely smells so bad I don't know
what we're doing do together you really
flip
satisfied like silver dude there is
there is a shower - alright well there's
a talent I didn't know we had justice
alright looks like this looks like the
whole thing person is lying I'm grinding
you the battery alright nose rounded
nose obviously knows one throw and say
no football thing you guys give me a
warm up with garam know if it is your
clearly warned all all the wax and carb
are wax go get it to do like melt wax on
it let huh I've enjoyed watching this
way too much
not all this Solomon the fifty-fifth
noticing waxing for much just because I
acted cocky into being of this and now
I'm scared I'm gonna take your 10 minute
this is a good night you're going to die
do I get 200 on the first row first row
general city with you know it's a
hundred seven here folding the gun and
on record I'm elected
Wow okay doing Fulton he got down you
got down the scary part it was it was
scary there giggly in there who's the
angle guessing your waist weird I told
you
oh you can do this is snowman here I
wanted to smooth out these dudes I think
we should move the flat bar a little
over I was so wicked the thing is that I
was excited to tell you to make fun of
you that was my first thought
which means I'm skating for the wrong
reasons sorry you're skating to make fun
of variety
I stepped on this and twisted my ankle
you've got eight and a half minutes left
he's going to 100 this one messed up ya
think so what are you thinking more
speed up worship could that happen
Moodle is I think the Bach not that big
of a gap
oh don't be crying watch the crap I got
like the top of it and everything they
make it so no no whoever hit it like the
next person no one should I hate your
friend the next person who skates that
is going to die six a minute
at five minutes ten seconds left now if
he does I was a bad eye buddy
ah why I didn't have like shimmy my way
out oh four minutes and seven seconds
left
how is hard and I I really really do not
think you're doing
we you saw me try it into it right well
at first when I when we set it off over
there's no way that's all that but then
they have your first problem he's got it
the first of those is easy then I jumped
I thought it was scary and then I
grinded it and I was like it's easy and
then I was like now it's hard a range of
emotions so many of us it was a soap
opera
I tried a pity pity limit yeah i'ma try
it I think the whole thing
that is good it is going to look problem
you did that Wow
thank you guys for doing this with me
you're dirty got really dirty ideas
back-to-back and all involve me sucking
so I'm just on the ground and filthy but
I even used to your every single day hit
the subscribe button you want to see
more just write down their super simply
just hit it and you're signed up to see
more videos and then we on the skate
shop called shred course calm so if you
don't have a local shop here it is for
you and we own reviving all that stuff
that's cool but I think that's watching
where else one of the next week videos
every day I mean I'm not going to go sit
in a puddle down with boxers
yeah if you're if you're wondering if
that has happened in has it happened in
a bit
the birth clip I'm going to three full
of it okay all right you got all right
I mean I just say what I was going
through to lip or oh gentle and smooth
gorgeous baekje irregular I have no idea
no one yeah I can't judge you
it was hard with the 10-foot hole yeah
you
