YouTube what's up YouTube what is up
guys Toshi hanging out with me for this
he's probably nervous being next to a
camera but I have a little video of my
recent trip to LA and toast is going
awesome
I went to LA just for a meeting so this
is really kind of like a I was one to
get a video done but not a lot was going
on so you basically get to hang out with
me during this day well me and my friend
Daniel Pender who is an actor he hung
out with me during this day super nice
guy I do do a little bit of
skateboarding it was a fun day but you
get to experience what it's like to just
be walking around in California with me
so I hope you guys enjoy this video and
I'll talk a little bit about it
afterwards it's so bright that this just
looks white this is a window Hey look
but it looks like I'm putting my hand
into like the void or the voids have to
be black the white void okay but YouTube
what is up guys so I'm in LA today I am
flew in last night I'm leaving tonight
is a really quick trip I'm here just for
a meeting really I mean I'm meeting up
with a town manager which is awesome
okay so I got my first movie gig that's
happening this year it's called pave New
World and only this guy will represent
me and get me more movies and TV gigs
and stuff so that's that but I'm
actually hanging out with my co-star
from a paved new world today Daniel
Pender and then I'm gonna meet up with
some friends after the meeting to
skateboard so it'll be fun
there's my reflection you look terrible
Andy to get this day started I'm uh I'm
gonna magic this hotel room into clean
no it's not my job to clean it I'm gonna
pack up my things this what I'm trying
to say if you imagine this is like -
Andy's like twins it count where's I
don't know why I film this
I think somebody hit my rental car
overnight wait this look at that that
was not on there oh that is why you paid
$7 for insurance actually I think my
insurance recovered it either way I
can't unlock my my trunk everyone's
looking at me
he was the crazy guy talking to his car
camera whatever we open up Daniel Pender
people myself so yeah so we're hanging
out we're like just killing time right
yeah we got a lot of times throughout
this mall here or Century City thanks oh
I've never been here but there's a
there's a famous skate rail we walk to
that right now do it we should totally
do it Daniel is an actor and all-around
great dude he's in the movie with me
yeah it's gonna be cool I'm playing slim
in the movie yep
so I'm Gibby it's a good like hometown
hero name though give me these yeah give
me maybe there it is and I do not have a
skateboard this meeting is at two
o'clock and I really want a skateboard
but I can't after after we're totally
skateboarding I'm gonna drop in on that
dude this is insanely downhill and tall
this is not how I imagined it all it's
like nipple high plane that it's so tall
dude we're just walking right to back
over camera that's what it is being a
skateboarder now crazy that looks like
people if they were watching us they're
like oh those guys just walked pointed
the handrail and walked away I guess in
California that's normal that you did on
them yes yeah they make sure it was Nick
high and then they just went back to
where they came from
search
best thing about that is that we tried
to use the technology to find out where
going and how a human just walked up
like I'm gonna help you yeah yeah today
no don't use that
one thing california the californ does a
lot of things right but it really does
food right
and drinks some of these stores I look
in I'm like that looks so awesome and I
don't even know what they're selling
scary yeah there's like 800 our shoes he
just told me that was candy and I
thought it was skin care products yeah
we've got a bed on a swing it's real
it's real meeting done we we literally
he picks me up and we just hung out at a
mall for like two hours
Wow didn't buy anything we booked like
three movies and then two TV shows is no
no it was like an introductory movie
what I can't even speak it was like a
little interrupter talk session it was
intense I learned a lot and I think it's
gonna be good so now we're gonna go
skateboard and we got to drive 11 miles
and it's gonna take us an hour guys you
see the exact pose was they because
Ellen that guy looking over and seeing
me talk to the camera that's like the
most normal thing ever for him here you
say oh that's cool yeah oh that's normal
how's your day been oh I can't wait to
see you you want say hi to YouTube that
is they didn't say anything back because
well they might have I don't know
there's something other computers or on
their phones citizen 18 their pride on
their phones I'm pretty sure this is
someone angry buzz pretty sure last time
I filmed in LA I was at at this exact
like this is the last skate spot
sorry
so there you guys go that was just a day
in LA and I had that trick my gosh and
my video part isn't gonna come out for
like two years so I don't mind like
teasing some of the some tricks now here
and there but I really had it my gosh I
didn't have a lot of time like I flew in
the night before and then I had the
meeting and then I had like 30 minutes
to skate and then I had to like go
straight back to the airport to fly away
so that was just basically the skating I
got done but the meeting was awesome
yeah I might have tried to get into
acting a lot more and it looks like some
opportunities are are kind of opening up
in front of me I met with the talent
manager he's real a nice guy and he was
brilliant spiring and motivating because
it's just like a new type of world and
I'm really intrigued to start doing that
so I will bring you guys along on this
adventure so I say I'm saying so a lot
so I hope you enjoyed them like kind of
like the mild day in LA and it was not
traditional and day skating out in the
world but uh it was a fun time that war
was pretty crazy wacky world are you
sitting with me but yeah I am actually
in a movie that's gonna be filming
really soon it should be going up on
Sony crack of what's called pave New
World
Daniel Pender is in it his character
slim Claudia Lee isn't it who's in the
Heart of Dixie what you actually might
get a cameo in it since I've talked to
the director yeah Claudio Lee is the
love interest of slim and they gets like
hang out and like work on their their
like relationship and thus on-screen
relationship so that's that's really rad
like they're not together in real life
but just being able to like hang out and
like kind of I don't know that's kind of
what Daniel and I were doing Daniel and
I are like actually friends now but it
was just good to like meet him and she's
kind of like vibe out the well he's one
member of the cast
why start sparking I'll put the IMDB
page for the the movie pav√©d new world
directed by alexander garcia he's a
super nice dude he's a he's a
skateboarder he grew up skating he's pro
just really really rad dude and talented
at that so watch out for it guys that's
it alright so we're done if you guys
want to see more videos from me you just
hit the subscribe button right below
this video and you're signed up and that
is my water sir appreciate that I will I
have a throwback video tomorrow and then
new videos for the rest of the week
so yeah I'll see you guys then ride and
make a face like this could see if we
can make it see if you can copy my face
are you even looking at mine it looks
nothing like that right there
look does that what you think I look
like it's been a while since I've kick
he'll attack you he's gone
I've got I've got a Minecraft block I'm
gonna set it right here surprised you
took it
