mmm-hmm right in Wow it is a bummer that
it is rainy and cold outside right yeah
but what are we gonna do is today
instead big house baseball this is
something that moms everywhere would not
approve of okay but mom is not here
right now we're gonna have some fun
aren't we yeah all right come on one
area we need this stuff right here a new
baseball set right
those are headphones why would you need
those arrested those do this
finally a buffalo sauce well this one
that comes with it as part and since
we're playing in the house we're gonna
try not to break too much stuff right oh
these ones are so near State grabbing
the other squishy wow they're squishy
right oh you hit you too
this could definitely knock overs and
stuff like if it came flying all right
and hit this stuff it will be bad
what if it hit the wall Oh does he
sorry but I hit you see if it hits you
you're fine so we're trying not to hit
too much stuff but if it does happen
it's squishy is what I'm trying to say
well show us show me your muscles
those are big muscles now acting a nacho
that is a exactly the reaction I want it
so we're gonna open this up set it all
up and then I'm going to tell you the
rules yeah
all right ready let's do it it could be
a black base for that arrival or a light
saber because that's what I would use it
for your age whoa do not light saber
youtube I can break forth oh whoa
don't hear some of the face dude yeah of
course it hurts it's a ball like a hard
ball no don't throw it
especially that phone oh just throwing
random balls okay I got this started
using this drew this on better see where
it is okay there it is writing a
character cough I know what does it
would push down a little bit and then
it's better right what we're going to do
is we're going to hit to put the
baseball right here you are going to
swing and hit it the goal is to hit the
back of the kitchen all right anywhere
on this side of the wall that's a home
run okay
can you do that yeah all right but
there's a catch okay there are four
players on the other team hope the
Empire is the bad guys can you take them
on yeah all right so what we're going to
do is if you get if you get three outs
you're done and the Empire wins but if
you manage to get five home runs before
you get those three out then we want
okay
I'm rocket I take turns because I can
hit this every single time I'm just
going to be here to guide them I'm going
to I'm going to be your obi-wan Kenobi
okay you me Luke I'll be obi-wan and
okay I'll be able to on you'll be bb-8
five home runs okay can you do it what
all right grab your bat anything you
want to see to Darth Vader because he's
the pitcher you couldn't say anything do
it all all right I'll say something to
him you got it coming Darth Vader
what all right well a good sportsmanship
I like that hold on wait all right first
win go that was like that's pretty much
a foul amazing County when you do it you
want to start a swing upward so it goes
over the couch okay there that is how
you hold it okay all right good
Oh Oh you clobbered the ticket Oh
oh my gosh I have no idea if you hit the
stormtrooper not if you can't we didn't
see it since we don't know we're not
going to count it either way and we're
going to move this guy here so I can see
all right all right grab the ball let's
do it again
dude that was a super good hit I can see
all you Imperials baseball players yeah
hold it just like that
and then swing from low to high okay go
go have you ever heard the term keep
your eye on the ball yeah well right now
keep your eye on the ball don't hit the
tee you want to hit it with like the end
of your bat right there
oh it was a grounder but you did it you
got to run your bases dude okay you guys
do it from the home plate but first
place is right here second place is the
sink third place is the fridge touch
them all okay come back go so take that
Empire sank second base who don't hit
Tony in him okay we're good you hit a
lightsaber all that is bad sportsmanship
that's one run zero out all right hey
let's do it oh my gosh
oh no home run buddy yeah only good hit
yeah I just hit a right there every time
okay go well I got hit harder don't dump
them dumb no oh
Darth Vader almost got it you got lucky
now how'd that get over there hmm it
touch Darth Vader no that's an out
that's bad ah that was such a home run
dude run the bases go go go you didn't
touch second base there you go don't
look at him look at him we need a medic
someone get a medic that was such a good
hit oh you did really good Wow then and
that sweet spot right there okay yeah
you hit it too high that was good that
was a good change of pace good thing
there's a TIE fighter up there to get
you out there why don't I best be a wall
it could be a wall fighter a Y fighter
oh my gosh wish you named our Wi-Fi
antenna to have all
oh my gosh Oh clover on three you got to
run your faces you go with your bad back
no you got this five run and you got
touch first-base yeah take that
stormtrooper mmm start fader yes three
run you know I need two more but you can
easily get two outs to focus up okay
buddy oh my gosh no it's not up there
else you'd be out oh oh oh my gosh oh my
gosh
and we're right by him that was number
four I really thought that stormtrooper
had you we apparently put all the bad
guys in a bad spot daddy :
oh yeah that's right is sent back to
your bases and run them look at me go
baseball yeah take that Darth Vader I
think I can safely say that you're going
to do this right oh wow that is in the
basement Oh beautiful hit but oh it hit
Darth Vader yeah I don't know I mean
maybe we shouldn't count if it bounces
back in his birthday derp but to make it
exciting we're gonna count for this game
okay
you just won you just won whoo victory
say take that take that take that
yeah scout trooper second baby
yeah strong trooper you know what that
easy
oh oh you put them down
what is just kind of weird you're facing
him make him face down I'm not sure why
he did that but uh there you go
you won buddy come here give me five hey
give me all of it yeah I didn't know
which way it was going to go you did
really good you got way better at
swinging a bat i ki got way better this
is a kind of a way to practice like
hand-eye coordination and so you need to
work on your form on your swing and
keeping your eye on that ball but you
got way better today buddy Shaq top
thank you it's a four shirt I got like
sweaty as I film that because I had to
run back and forth while you bet so my
thing you guys for watching I do a bunch
of like different types of video like
skateboarding like fun lifestyle stuff
and I try to do a video on my channel
once a week with him which is a lot of
fun we do things like this so if you
want to see more hit the subscribe
button it's right down there you just
click it and then you're signed up to
see my videos I do videos every single
day and I love doing them and we
actually have an entire channel where
him and I just put a toys like twice a
week which is called turbo toy time and
I'll put that link at the end of the
video if you want to see it and it also
just popped up right there but thank God
for watching we're going to go to the
circus today aren't we yeah that's right
yeah we're so that was we covered it but
thanks you got my bag you can even hit
the bowl and even make it to home base
you just you literally got sidetracked
and got your chocolate milk out of the
fridge
say bye YouTube okay good bye YouTube
if we actually did a video on the toy
channel with this guy were actually
donating him but I decide to get a use
out of them
you know I had my baseball so I wasn't
gonna let a Darth Vader go to waste but
we did a lot of bad things as Darth
Vader so I'm gonna put you in the corner
for blowing up all around okay you think
about that you think about blowing up
all around and don't like a burn my wall
