dun dun dun dun dun dun dun I scared ha
ha do you mean gonna be useful hi you do
have an amazing shirt on Elyse Carrey
has run raised his ticket bite and
there's we he wanted water I tried to
give me milk but he wanted water right
just a big bite used - what is up guys
so you just saw my son riding about to
eat a hot sauce cracker and that is
going to happen but I'm going to vlog my
day until that point tonight do not like
to work vlog oh my gosh
but that's something when this is a
valgus ode and I'm going to list of
things I need to do at work before I get
to that point where I pick him up from
pre tool and then give him the hot sauce
crackers including my own hot sauce
challenge my buddy Brian on his channel
even dude a lot of hot and spicy things
me doing a Q&A with me while I eat
really spicy foods so that's going to be
terrible but I'm going to bring you guys
for most of that journey and I'm going
to do some fun stuff here work so hang
in there and let's get it done
Brian what's up man hold on dude pretty
excited for Jay oh maybe maybe excited I
gotta prep some YouTube videos when I
try to throw this onto the couch and
hopefully it goes to a sitting position
I nailed that I'm gonna go put force
packages together I should have had
these out last week but I stuck
sometimes so I got a bunch of goodies
from the local pharmacy chance at a
hundred thirty spot just drop that I
spent a hundred and thirty bucks really
look at me like I was crazy I used to
play a wall green she's like this is the
most sort of spin since Christmas I just
like to add goofy things to the packages
that feel like it gives it personality
makes a little more fun that's why I do
it
here is the shred quarters calm well
this isn't a website this is the
physical store of the straight quarters
and here's guys hey I got a bag and
weird stuff to put a pocket you're a
great manager
and here are the force packages ready to
go out Casey thank you for doing the
preliminary course package thing
if stretching yes you are is everyone
getting cheese dip and breadsticks you
bet they are which I would like to point
out that no one in the world things of
Reznik
they are cracker stink of anything we're
gonna see that bread is soft if it is
not soft it's a cracker or pretzel
I like to put that out there night Alice
rad maker take Jason Park Erin Cairo
who's getting this marble thing Jade
spork pokemon cards Alex tried to make
her he's going to get this me like why
did I get crackers and pokemon cards he
might have watched this video my time it
gets to one point the other night and
for all the writers boxes I draw a goofy
drawing this is a t-rex pizza and it's
going to I'll try to make if a peach
company wants to rip this off I will buy
t-rex b2b just be great yeah so I'm busy
doing drawings but yes that is a
sandwich Anoka like a Diplodocus and
Brian just starts cutting up jalapenos
next me and there's some terribleness in
the bag that's why I get to deal with
catch some cheese you are crushing the
whole portable cooking thing I really am
so this is how I touch it yeah right
real fast I mean you people smacking aah
I'm kidding visitor you really do have a
good corner of cooking going on here
yeah
and then this watch it's literally like
first person Michael Myers kind of a
very short life well I'm gonna put it
down because we shouldn't close 9in
skate shops actually just don't play
with knives in general it can be pretty
like stabbing stuff on our accident
organic stablish a terrible thing if you
were wondering if I just drew a
lightsaber lizard
then you are correct I was wondering
yeah I did do that all right
Ryder packages gun Casey thanks for
setting this out oh gosh you have a lot
man how long until we do this
well your presentation is lovely so we
should be part of these can we get a
plate
now just like this is going to suck that
maybe I don't know was working like oh
here's your three of your job this is
hot oh my god
26 nose like these even though I ha good
because the solutions but oh my god I am
on fire over here oh yes I'm doing
pepper I have drinking so much milk in
my life recently because of you
so if you guys what does it means that
video Brian Chan will be at the end of
this video it is right down there in the
info just click it easy to do an awesome
videos quite to reap a week Riesling
formula can you borrow crews strictly
for events and you're in Cairo anytime
gear juror to what QA so I actually
answers your questions to it's a good
video so go I've got to do a podcast
here a little bit Robin the skateboards
food no not soon now it started with a
pity pity kickflip I don't skate it up
at all gosh it sucks but I'm going to
abstain they don't
I feel like I ate something haunted I
feel like there's like a duel like a
baby dragon to my throat
oh so weird thing to say hey you needed
to meet one one little finger huh maybe
if I get other dumb finger touch
Wow
yeah yeah I should have hidden the grill
once again I have failed you my backside
5050 back sniffles and I had five
minutes to try it I do this to myself
all the time I never have enough time
doing I got to go do a bot podcast right
now before leaving I need to double the
amount of time in life I swear
well I had 25 minutes to skate and I did
I did okay for that I have not been
skating enough recently I really need
more time but LS who this podcast and KD
thank you for filming I'm a fan so I'm
like it's always been a delineators so
but he's just super nice I want it's not
terrible they're overly impressed okay
so the work that is done I'm going to go
get right in from preschool we are doing
the hospital's crier challenge to a
five-year-old Oh Matt he's done a little
bit before but I'm gonna give him a
little bit boring good luck ridin yeah
the good ones later dude
right in Anthony Wow are we home Wow
did you eat blueberries by intense Wow
 Mountain so dark dude thank me hugs
greater oh I miss you so much today dude
I love you okay but you remember what
what time it is are you excited yeah
alright yeah you want to do it on the
crackers okay oh here it is
Tabasco hot sauce done done done done
done done done
I scared how hot you make gonna be
useful hi you do have a t-shirt on Elise
why here it is written Rea just take a
bite and there's we you wanted water I
tried to give you milk but he wanted
water ready just a big bite no chew it
for a little while
how bad is it a lot away
you did pretty good I'm impressed
this is still hot so lately with all the
hot foods that I've been eating with
Brian aim ridin one to do its own hot
sauce and he's tasted here and there but
there was a lot of Tabasco sauce on that
cracker anything after your water can
you taste it isn't that hostage your
eyes are watering a little bit still hot
so your are dumort you wanna drink it
here put in your water your what any
calm down at all
yeah oh yeah but are you still got water
left so that's the hottest thing you've
ever eaten
you just really good though whatever su8
a big bite of that cracker so the will
to make this work is that I put hot
sauce on it and then you have to go the
bathroom so the hot sauce pumpkin
so I put more on it so it would look
like there's actually hot sauce you did
very good buddy
ahh he wasn't in this video that much
we're gonna go upstairs going to do a
little QA
so we can get we can get some ratting
footage in this video huh so do that
you're the some neon title
all right you're just squishing it
around hey groans get over your fire lit
fireworks back to normal yet no smoke up
yours
there wasn't that bad though right yeah
yeah all right
next time we'll do something way hotter
yeah all right here I went through old Q
a picture on Instagram where I asked for
questions for this guy so runs I got
some questions for you Oh what grade are
you in
ah goal
Grayson was correct oh and that was a
Katie Xiao Han ciao
you said it better than I did I think
mini done skates says what's yours
what's better skateboarding our food hey
you guys do better without food you
couldn't survive skateboard so that
makes them sad dude 24/7 says can you do
a flip wow you can just somersault yeah
yeah no flip yet okay so we'll go to a
trampoline and train you up one day
Elijah cron says do you like doing
videos with your dad mm what'd you just
think about it
we have a lot of fun there's no way your
move over H Jackie says what's in your
tank in the place of the quiz my total
chance exactly and then chef Jeffrey
Craig or she found a baby turtle is this
big we got him in the parking lot of
shred quarters I took them home and
little did I know is that once they're
in captivity it's pretty much it's
really bad to put them back in the wild
because their chance of surviving isn't
good and I had missed a whole day we
were just like I don't know so it's kept
him and now he's huge any lives in a
bigger tank and it's pretty happy chef
Jeffrey I named of Rena Capps who is
your favorite person on revive Casey Wow
you like you know it let you kids rose'
your dad oh you like you love all the
guys though no Mack skateboards Flo
Cruz's favorite Lego set so you did you
put together
you just put a Ninjago one together it's
like
and artha nothing hungry Wayne Pratt
says if you could be any ninja girl
which one would you be
ha ha ha Raphael he's grumpy and cranky
and me somebody still wanna be him
yeah I would be Michelangelo deejay Rex
705 says what's your favorite revive
deck I gotta look at them again well
what's one that comes to mind you're
walking out of line Johnny Giger's
Morgan Makran says soft or hard tacos
hard you like crunchy alright last
question see Shauna says spider-man or
Batman
definitely Wow really I would do I say
spider-man all right that's what's fun
remember but it bettin is awesome so
cool all right good job you did great
with the hot sauce thank you guys for
watching if you want to see more videos
for me I didn't use every single day I
do a lot with him it's really fun
there's a subscribe button right down
there all you do it click it and you're
signed up see my videos all the time and
like tomorrow I'm going to see you
tomorrow if you click that uh actually
have a video with him coming tomorrow so
thank you guys for watching we had a
great time I'm gonna have a great rest
of my day hanging out with this guy and
I have awesome date with your mom you
have a babysitter coming over and I get
to go on a date with your mom there's
only so many times in life you can say
that saying bye to YouTube ah watch oh
you can throw your hands by god hey
remember when I was when you're a baby
and I used to go like this here oh man I
used to be a baby and then my dad used
to make me talk all the time remember
those walk things your watch you guys
see you guys in the future the shirt
get off it whoa
and we break this thread quarters day to
bring you cooking with Brian
we have peppers we have quesadillas we
have Brian
you
