we're going to break a TV you - what is
up guys today we are back with ten we
break and that is where we testing to
see how well they can survive coiler is
going to break through skateboarding and
weapons and this episode is you already
knew if you look at the thumbnail it's
just it's a flat-screen TV
alright I was driving in my car and I
saw this on the curb normal persons like
well that doesn't work if it's by the
trash but my thought process was like if
that doesn't work I'm going to break it
and skateboard on it that's what we're
doing today this is the flat screen TV
that go figure did not work but I
plugged it in it's kind of tiny but
we're gonna make the best of it then
when we work so people instance 90
please break bigger TVs that we skate on
so the process is we usually do a drop
test and then we do a skate test and
then we go into the destruction phase
but this is going to break off
immediately if we do a drop test so I
think we should do skate test first and
then we can just do a destruction two
phases at this time I'm fond about
because I want to works on the top and
it's not going to happen at all if we
bore slide in a brace right away then
we'll just drop drop Tessa's drop test
but we're just gonna ride this out so I
like it I'll beginning okay you wanted
to do some boards not the front board
do not chop my eyeball okay so the board
slides I'm going to do this on it it's
not you know not rock it's really not
Network though up this is kind of scary
actually hug you I like tip anyway if
you put your board on yes like maybe
realize how focused I almost got hurt
putting that board on okay he's a master
chef yes or no yes he said yesterday in
here I've been asked by the best in the
class do what do fast really make sure
you're like oh well on top
every hostage look yari witness right I
thought it was going to land it
oh wow I did oh that's a second is the
prize become how many electronic just
looks back together if you break them
hey I got you I can put this back in
what oh my gosh it really it was like
that far away would I go again or
Zebulon a bunch of life those two sense
we may not wanna hop yeah that's weird
isn't custard do we have a front board
anybody flick it back in right click Oh
everyone at home you can skate your TV
and just clog about together and your
mom will never know he just I will drive
that with the farthest a demon
fool it that was more fruity grinder
just walk right up and adorable that was
really good success dish I love you
conjoint analysis and drop zones okay
crease chatter sigh gonna break where
you have TV dude whoever made the design
of this rock did they like they have to
close Legos American drama like this do
you think this is probably gonna break
Cossacks do I do open up their game in
state Oh where's the quarter oh the
screens like coming and your mom's like
what are you doing is like this is
what's on TV tonight me right pepper
it's Mike Davis slide into Walter
alright alright broken gain how much
does click back in the bottom not so
much but that don't work every drop test
got progressively worse hip and it's
still in this shape we're going to flip
sit down state of the box
you'd be surprised what you can do on
really crappy electronic
Wow that's what happens we suck at a
kickflip
all through the TV
Wow Wow are you feeling it yes weird so
what is this is this a strainer
course with it
you
like sharks circling
is that if he actually saw that that was
this first cake go back to whatever
oh gosh
there goes my chance of landing mastery
everywhere
that's a nail in the coffin oh and now
it's kind of funny because it looks like
this and now we're entering the
destruction phase it's like you broke oh
are you without expecting that I think
it's needless to say that this was the
crappiest product right like it didn't
even do the job in the TV at least it
was the TV that sucks is doing hands
sorry
okay so TV's your average 28 inch TV or
whatever this was please don't skate it
and hopefully it actually works as a TV
thank you guys for watching this video
this is a series that I do when I find
broken stuff as easily and then
physically try to destroy it so if you
want to see more hit the subscribe
button it is right down there use a
little button to subscribe click it and
that easy I do videos here every single
day
skateboarding goofy stuff whatever
thinks entertaining and then all of you
guys have channels and I'll put it right
down the info I urge you to check it out
that is it see you guys tomorrow and
we've got some cleaning to do what's up
you go
it has first before the drop test
because we thought this was going to
break off immediately so long and it's
hands-down the most durable piece of TV
it's gonna pinch me just fine this is
done look good bye
that was a bonus clear I'm not cleaning
the oh yeah dad at all is it this one I
go the reviews
