YouTube what is up guys it is time for
me to set up a new skateboard because it
Springs on
I do this every season so spring winter
fall summer out a once in that order I
set up a new skateboard and this is no
different so let's go look at some stuff
and pick out a skateboard and then I
want to put it together animus creep
we're on it the force Wheels spring
lines came out actually today and this
video goes up it just went live so check
the shred quarters are calm but you want
to look at those but excited because
it's dinosaur themes it will part one
series is one series is like a board
series which is like class like school
doodling but let's get to it we're done
so here we go
Ricky Rex woo t-rex on your wheels
literally the best thing is every
photonics cable with t-rex right here I
actually did a video where you guys got
to choose the skateboard that I was
going to skate next and it's going to be
the villain backwards right here this
which was my idea I came with the
concept and JP Coover maintenance though
this is a brine aims at a super villain
which is one of my life's greatest
accomplishments these right here these
are the berries were skating Gavin and
Ron I guess both of these dudes sent me
some some stuff from Bronson speed Co
and these only things are out yet these
are a next generation shield with
bearing and they're supposedly awesome
so I'm excited to give it a try
whoa their shield lift now I kind of
already take the shield's off anyway
that's awesome it's called Chroniton
frogman thank you red would go really
good with this all this that color
Stefani griptape look you oh gee how's
doji my favorite groups over here and
gripped with Doug's to achieve order
okay I quickly grip my board which you
didn't need to do don't worry was not
exciting and my trucks are over they
were going to put these together let's
do it okay so I'm going to go through
the breakdown of everything I'm skating
and then we're going to put together and
I'm going to take some weird stories
that are underly not true at all as I do
it so we have as you know the drill and
exuses of the beard super villain deck
eight inch I always did it eight is Dex
I went to eight point one two five one
point my life and I realized that eight
inch is my thing so I went back down to
it we have an and drip drip tape I ride
for Andrew I love it it's a little
thicker without completely tearing up
your shoes um it grips really well and I
don't want to keep anything else so
there's that I've got a robot cut out a
revised to go underneath it so it would
a flip it's shining sometimes I put a
lot of effort enjoyed making it graphic
underneath that but sometimes I'll just
be lazy but it's bigger underneath it
and I'd like to do the foils because
it's shining at that bright red Orion
truck totally rocking these I've been
Tatum for a few setups now and I can
make truck lasts a long time especially
to Ryan so I'm sure to have these
there's as Bronson's that I mentioned I
have light bulbs which are heart revive
hardware with two red front so you can
look out and immediately know what the
nose of your board is and you skateboard
long enough you reel into that very much
so matters we have the 52 millimeter
t-rex wheels so it's so awesome saying
he wrecks wheel I would you can say
tears everything hey what's your these
Katie the t-rex is like wow those are
good either way I don't know a mega
t-rex case you let's get to put this
together though many fans the crazy is
not in my line fourteen kids covered in
honey the DJ ended up being a police
officer no one saw that coming
it was way too early be watching Jeffery
personally you know we got on a danger
and then and the next thing I remember
is waking up in a cornfield next to a
plate of wall it ended up being
her grandpa but it was like why do they
need that night I ran four hours okay
I'm not I'm not putting oil on your back
no thanks it was a sort of thing where
it's like I had totally forgotten how
amazing it is to be saying a lullaby
before bed excuse me I didn't know Val
Kilmer was your uncle I'm not in the
wrong here I'm really not paparazzi
showed up I just wouldn't have anymore
man
time to break open since then I moved to
Venice it was a kite competition I
answered it I didn't know what was just
happen but it was like this the weekend
of a lifetime let me tell you what
Michael Myers can play twister dude
three days I had no shoes and we still
couldn't find the pyramids it was like
I'm covered in that shows like face
other face one one motion two faces
that's literally Brad Pitt's last word
and then we never saw him again
and it's just like that 13:9 and two
plates of nachos
it was romantic boom here we go
this is a very nice-looking deck I like
it I like that there's a lot of red on
it it's got those black and red tones
I'm excited to skate this I am Anna
person stickers on it so maybe we'll go
do that right now should we do it I'll
get it all right I usually out of the
optimist to per lazy with putting
stickers on my board recently so I'm
gonna make I'm gonna put a little effort
in
got to have the take of the world
stickers because that video is coming
play you know the captain I'm not gonna
ruin it but it kind of looks like it's
holding the thicker so I'm gonna do this
cut the fingers out
Rowen have a great idea oh wow the
little go back make it better but sucky
sticker job I would like to thank my
camera guy Steven from Cincinnati for
suggesting the the fingers holding and I
wasn't genius I wouldn't have thought of
that I might have thought of it another
day in age but today I would not have
cause I was not going to do that thank
you to everyone who watched my Daniel
life and shows this board for me and
like I said is one of my favorites so
I'm really excited skated I am going to
go in there I'm gonna do a sequel test
and I'm undo some actual skateboard
tricks for you guys but I do do daily
videos here if you like skateboarding or
if you just want general entertainment I
make a ton of different types of videos
so hit the subscribe button it's super
easy it's right down there just hit the
button and boom and I will see you
tomorrow I guess but let's continue this
lets go skateboarding give me five so
generally I get bummed if I miss my kick
field test but we have new shoes and new
board I don't hold it against me pretty
much I'm just saying I'm probably about
to miss it so don't judge me
miss it but it wasn't it wasn't anything
to write home about nobody writes home
anyway pretty Vidya lipslide to fakie
which I don't think I've ever done on
like a Ledge
I don't know rails million times but but
all this doesn't suck usually when I say
that it does
way more exciting position to obturator
but look I learned a new thing
you
Thank You Lamar
for her it looks like it was
this new wheels do not power spongebob
because they're grippy give me a day
never was marble so spaniel somebody's
of brining stricken if you guys just
Eber I named skate lately it's probably
bit on this and sliding side
it does not need wax like this has ever
happened the world
oh yeah this is my new spring setup it
is unfortunately like winter I don't
know
outside knows that supposed to be
getting warmer but it's not it's winter
that's why I'm inside so the summer
setups will absolutely be outside as
will a lot of my videos coming up but
thank you guys for watching our videos
here every single day to do the
SUBSCRIBE one button right below this
video to click it in you're on the list
I appreciate all the support tell the
comments likes how you guys give I
remember that when I write my will I'm
going to be done for the day my gosh
what's wrong in my hair white I touch
why you always got my touch
there's no stopping my hair whatever it
wants to do it will do I thought it was
a good idea to grow my hair out when I
was like 13 12 and it was like this it
was like you should tell the dreadlock
story sometime hundreds put peanut
butter on them I didn't look at that
when I did it without I think my buddy
tried to use honey not too much I look
pretty terrible peanut butter I smell
like peanut butter which might sound
like a bad thing but I love being butter
so I was named in a pump it fell out
that was gross like calm some peanut
butter when Kings Island next day was
riding roller coasters shaking peanut
butter all over but I was a crab kid
with my at least that point in my life I
eventually come out here got a
girlfriend
Oh
