Wow
it looks like you got overconfident and
you're like I don't know how you made it
over that maybe I should just do that oh
all right I feel harder did you did
you're on stage here to face I'm right
out of ledge Oh
you're gay I doesn't feel good oh well
what happened was that are you alright
know this this is hard I don't how bad
you feel now which is to say
how our Shin he okay yeah that kind of
hurts have a hat okay here boutique what
weasel
all right so many layers of not good
that was oh oh you did the impossible
you stacked on a Ledge thank God your
butt Oh God
he pretty excited if it did oh my gosh
oh we're spikes oh it's so scared of
optically no I could have been better
I'm going to take a nap
oh my gosh Wow so amazing okay all right
I got your back fell down with this
stupid am I
50 mouths now YouTube what is up guys so
this is probably my most favorite slam
video I've ever put on my channel just
because it is a recap of all the stupid
montages which I love these are the type
of hauls that you just can't help the
laugh at because most of the time you
know they're all right they just looked
dumb you know I've looked dumb this is
always a fun part of the session when
someone kind of looks ridiculous and
skateboarders are used to looking
ridiculous and we're good at laughing at
ourselves I've been kind of doing these
ultra edits where I go back and take all
of the montages and put them on into one
big super montage so I hope you guys
like that it will be a very long time
before I do this again I have a new
batch of stupid Falls coming student so
stay tuned because it will be exciting
alright the excitement level is going to
be over 9 you fellas good nice that was
just over 9 that's it so I hope you
enjoyed that I do videos here every
single day if you want to see more hit
the subscribe button is right down there
you just click it and I get to see more
videos for me I do a lot of
skateboarding out do a lot of just goofy
things hanging out with my son with my
friends whatever I think is entertaining
I make videos and I love doing it so hit
that button and I'll see you guys
tomorrow I think I'm doing a skateboard
and set up my new spring setup so
that'll be exciting and then until then
you guys have a grand Friday if you're
watching this day 1 if you're not then
have a good day and night but morning
average I don't know I don't know why
I'm talking at this point I'm going to
go
the perfect ending to a video
you
