you're - what is up guys so this is for
all you out there let's jump it right on
my did you would you drop it yes I did
right on my foot let's start that again
you see what is up guys this video is
for all you who just started
skateboarding or that do not skateboard
but would like to learn a skateboarding
trick skateboarding a super hard okay
just a jump with the board which is
called a nollie it takes some time and
some determination and it's just it's a
tough thing today I'm going to show you
something that day one if you can stand
on a skateboard you can do this and I
feel good about yourself because I
personally like to learn something new
every single day so if you're just
starting skateboarding and it seems
really hard learn this one you can go
home and they say what you did and they
you could just look at him dramatically
and be like I learned a skateboarding
trick just like that alright so what I'm
going to teach you today is I don't know
what to call it I've never actually
given it a name but it's the first trick
that I learned how to do when I was
younger this is a trick you could teach
your mom and dad okay I took this to my
son when he was 3 years old
in fact it was an awesome clip to show
you guys that was amazing whoopee he was
excited and he totally did I didn't do
it day one could do three but what it
just shows you a three-year-old can do
this trick so what you're gonna do is
you're going to put your feet underneath
the skateboard one underneath each bolt
alright and you're just basically just
going to jump forward a little bit and
move your feet up at the same time which
makes the board go like this and you're
going to put your feet back on the
skateboard and that sounds way harder
than it actually is even just like that
it is that easy
now on the concrete you can flip out so
if you're afraid of doing this just do
it on the grass like my little guy did
that's where I started it needs it since
then he's done it on concrete a bunch of
times because if you land on it wrong or
if you land with your feet too close
together you could easily slip out if
you're just starting out and you don't
think you have a lot of balance when it
comes to rolling try it in the grass but
when
doing it on concrete the big part why I
tell you to put the feet underneath the
trucks is because when you land you're
going to want your feet right here if
they're too close together that's when
you can slip out look at my hands they
kind of look like a dolphin I don't know
why it's a dolphin but that's what it
looks like
sorry you land with your feet past the
bolts like that that's going to even
give you more stability so you want your
feet wider is the point not too close
together so when you go like this that's
where you want your feet and if you have
them spread out like that it looks
better and you are the chief of the
world okay a lot of people are Chiefs of
the world because a lot of you have done
this right but I'm just saying this a
good thing this is just a really easy
trick to kind of feel good about your
skateboarding and it gets you better at
balance because we can land on the board
and stabilize yourself and don't flip
out it's going to make it everything
that you learned in the future at
skateboarding just a little bit easier
and you go into it with a sense of
understanding on how you have to land on
the skateboard brining I'm gonna make my
camera guy do it let's do it come on how
hard was that
I didn't do it coconut again I did it
smoother just again not I would like to
point out that you didn't have your
board can your feet can pull out of the
bolts but when you land it you still
spread them out because that's what
gives you balance okay so I don't know
what you call that I call it the dark
jump because the dark sides with the
board upside down so that's what we're
calling it but I'm going to show you
some variations of it if you land that
you can move on to these this is this
would be called a Casper jump so you're
gonna put one foot on the tail and I
would hang it off so that you're on the
ground a little bit it kind of gives you
like a jumping point and then you put
your other foot on the edge under your
board so this is what it looks like I'm
just going to put like a little bit of
my toes and part of the front of my foot
underneath the board and when I jump up
I'm going to kick it this way and that's
going to make the board kind of do a 180
and flip over and I'm going to land on
just like that
that one is even cooler and it's not
that much harder but the first one I
showed you is definitely easier so if
you're having trouble with this one
maybe just practice the other one or
just you know keep giving it a whirl
wash your shins because that one can
definitely hit you in the shins and that
does not feel good that one has a
sensibility that you like kind of did
something because you feel the board
wrapped around your foot as you jump on
it so try those okay those are both
things that you could do first day and
if you can't do it skate where it is
hard don't get discouraged this is
actually a completely new idea for
videos like a series of first day tricks
that you guys can learn our first day
things that you can do with
skateboarding that will teach you how to
get better so if you like this idea do
subscribe to my videos I do videos every
single day so hit that button right down
there it looks like this guys it's right
under the video all you have to do is
click set and you can tune into videos
just like this one helpful skateboarding
goofy videos whatever I think is
entertaining right here every single day
hello do the do the dark jump what I
just taught people how do you do both of
them
yeah yep let's get hey it's a good one
to learn isn't it is do you think your
daughter could do it thinks you could oh
yeah do a Caspar jump - oh you're so
good
it is a cool feeling trick though really
I mean we've been skating for like 15
plus years and we I still like the
feeling of it and just to show you guys
that there are more advanced stuff of
everything I'm doing you can even take
this one a step further and do like a
like a 360 flip jump I'm going to land
up for it sometimes when I fall I
immediately go into a karate pose in
case someone is attacking me oh I hit a
rock I'd be like the chance for three
flip I guess yeah but if you're one of
the people that I have a lot of trouble
rolling on a skateboard I did a video
covering that too so I'll put that at
the end of this video and that will help
you out a lot with all things
skateboarding you just have to try like
try try try and eventually you're going
to get better at it might not feel like
you're getting better at it but it's
skateboarding is one of those things
that really teaches you that
determination and not giving up has a
positive effect that you're going to see
results so it might take a few days it
might take a few weeks who knows but
you're going to get better at it and
it's a lot of fun so can you think of a
skateboard and you can do this try the
next string and eventually try to ollie
you try and start trying it right away
it's just really tough to get the hang
out some people do it right away
some people takes a month so either way
set goals for yourself this is the
cheese cheesy aesthetic stuff everybody
really I mean it works all this stuff
work set goals for yourself and when you
hit that goal set another one and most
importantly have fun right right names
screw and if you need a skateboard go to
your local skate shop or I have an
online skate shop the Shred quarters
comm we have all the stuff you need
there is including our company revived
skateboards all the stuffs right there
but we're going to go try to do some
skateboarding tricks for our next
Republic video over on very very good
legend Alex you ready to do a
skateboarding trick man alright I'm
going to walk out of frame then musics
just gonna happen okay bye
for the bonus clip we're going to do a
board trade-off which we might have done
before we've done a lot of weird stuff
so like I'm going to throw our board to
the right you're gonna land it and
you're the same way like we don't count
each other back up a little bit oh my
gosh I'm worries in the room you're
doing oh my god forget it I think you
did it I mean it was gone but we kind of
knew that going in
toss your board is weird they don't want
me in romance
