oh that felt good
gee I'm get out of here warehouse
Wednesday why are we walking down this I
don't know there's nobody here okay go
back so we're all here KC has his face
back
Brian's here Alex right there it's
another hole but it is cold it's finally
winter here now that March the late
March is happening and it's another
product release day not a spring here
we're - that's what I said on Facebook
yeah they're stealing it I said it today
it's a lunch spot and it killed that all
the ladies all right we have force
wheels dropping this weekend the spring
line ironically enough is coming out
it's going to be a doozy okay we're
going to always going to do it's going
to be due to the Z we're going to go in
there and show you the products and then
we're going to do a little bit of
skateboard and it can be fun and the Sun
is coming out ow ow ah and when the mud
Oh what are you kidding down his
directly a little eerie terrible oh my
gosh we should never have given him a
bat come here
that was scary dude you'll give him the
ball back don't give them them okay so
yes the spring line has two sets of
wheels weren't you said well - Stiles -
series to series are two series if
you're honest and six six sets of wheel
to series and then we have some shirts
away the stickers and then KC is
actually dial a bride thing but you're
not a bride dialer KC you rent KC for a
deck perfect all right put that down
that was the most oddest boss bossing
around them hurt in a while let's get
right into it let's get right there the
peril or wheels
oh no stickers stickers are are the
balance them so do you ever have a space
on anything that you own that you're
like I need something here a sticker is
right up your alley okay for $5.00 you
get 10 stickers and you get three of
these okay for your t-rex t-rex what's
triggered I have this theory that any
movie is good if it has it here
signal I'm sorry
how off balance a while same thing with
sugars if there's a t-rex on it you know
it's a good figure so that's right there
we have this which is just a force
laughs was it called by grid by gradient
by gravy this is the by gradient sticker
yeah I don't know that's we pick that
there might be literally if you pull
this if you pull this off it will stick
anything it will okay so you're wrong
what you said I don't know there's not
going to stick stick is wrong okay and
then what is the last figure that you
get this board slash four slash yeah you
know when you're sitting in school board
you're going to draw something like this
true or you just stick the sticker on
you like I draw it to go with that
actually and to go with that we actually
have the board watch speaker the board
slash see it sounds like it's F 4ft you
get it I got a skateboard i but look at
there that this is my this is definitely
my favorite shirt of the match there's a
robot than the quarter pipe you did
basically and if you're bored you can
just look and see what's all on here
here's a nunchuck there's a snail kind
of doing a perfect like a battery like
JP was like what random stuffs a draw
and he chose a double-a battery you
don't know the double I meant it's
definitely a double-a it could be a
character not skinny enough to be
triple-a melted they online right now
the Triforce but all the three classes
floppy disk from 1988 a rolling pin he
has fun with his dude it really did this
a little B mob logo here OPM for all you
people that old stuff Beechmont mob BB o
TBM mmm-hmm alright give that case yes
hands for good he have to keep it though
is that your size sorry on no then put
it back oh it's mine Oh what is it okay
Rex the teacher at earring so Rex 40
yeah and if you're wearing this if you
have any water around there will be
ripples in it even if you're not walking
okay you can barely see you can think on
your toes marker yeah so but pretty man
we got maroon everyone likes maroon
including a t-rex ever like t-rex
including you sure what do you think
when someone says don't go into the long
grass going on the long grass no don't
go to the long grass what's the problem
Jurassic Park to is right you know
they're getting taken out
go to the log drop why because records
Raptor little effect velociraptors were
actually very tiny okay
this Raptor is actually a dining I guess
this is in seven foot tall beast I can
tear you to shreds that's what it is are
you tall Raptor you can call that you
are you tall Rep Utahraptor down and I
kiss those bigger Raptors velociraptors
tiny guy to get cake
you kick wall strap into things like in
velociraptors coming out series cake
there's about twenty like this home
really yeah I'm reenact xual life you
learned something new every day yeah
Google is not my dad but this shirt is
cool it is it's a windy day it is but
this comes out so it could be feel a
little warm and what do I mean you have
really really really really terrible
really crappy with the worst hair never
what you do you put a long-sleeve shirt
on with a hood is be back we got so this
is like a t-shirt material idiot yeah
look there or the canoe Cody wit this is
a Cody Wynn murder settlement this is
like a t-shirt it is he's an engine hood
so much you'll be wearing this okay my
ears are so crappy right now actually
wear it is using what I said and make it
into a thing you know ya get cover your
hero cool please cover it up good dude I
can switch look
Perelman if I was a match we never could
have been them
let's get you up to the chunk of it okay
all right the world of the cookie and
these are our chocolate chip t-rex ki
rational yet yet leave it the best one
first inches that's what I'm skating
next like this we don't read 50 twos
you're not gonna really go right with
the red no yeah go bad with it already
right you say we have a key right key
rec reality we have a few right okay see
we have a t-rex that works really we
have a we have a gimmick that's exactly
how you should done it look at that
Raptor just look at it okay yeah look at
that horse don't worry no it's a comes
54 black it's it will it'll tear you up
it'll tear the streets up there you can
get it back sega soros it's not on this
wheel
what is it Sorensen what is a broad sort
of animal you know
you think sometimes or you don't know
what that is what is it it's a
triceratops there's okay so I
Triceratops is on this wheels on need on
this wheel because you know it's one of
the herbivores that can take a rock okay
also a Stegosaurus rock but Triceratops
can hold its own a cool-looking dinosaur
I do that behind-the-scenes photo shoot
on this and I call this one please are
awesome
these are these are boring in a great
way because this is a board a series of
pro wheels we had Johnny like singing a
song I thought was long sparingly on it
yeah there is a Chinese spaceman ever
all these guys are getting their face on
you want you to locate hold on hold your
face writers ever say it when you're in
class okay and you don't want to listen
all right what do you do draw doodle you
doodle you because you are bored
oh honey right here encouraging I'm not
necessary encouraging it but I did it
man I used to draw armies and hamsters
attacking things rollercoasters like as
well yeah super bad okay so alright
Johnny comes in 52 and 53 millimeter
looks good come on champion with
watermelon on there man yeah he likes it
yeah we start to self
gasps a towel I got cheeseburger on here
so I like a blue it looks good I do too
and dog films and fifty ones in 52
millimeters yeah and then what else
move it on Jason target it's a color
that Jason Park would like a little
green well that's gotta be my blog on it
which makes me happy yeah well moon with
fishing cool cat 52 and 53 6050 familiar
oh you're getting that and last but not
least we have the Aaron Carter dude
himself Aaron Kyra look at him look at
him he's like he's making the most Aaron
Kairo face and very inquisitive and he's
be a mom symbol he doesn't be laughable
he's going to where he's got first you
had donut I'm there a bomb little
skeletons got a hammer because he eats
donuts and he is the bomb and throws
down the hammers there you go there you
guys go
that is the spring release of force
wheels that comes out this weekend
Saturday I'm the Shred quarters calm so
as soon as Friday nights flips over to
Saturday that is when you're gonna be
able to get this stuff jump in on it I
might actually draw some drawings and
throw a few weird drawings in for the
first few orders that go down yeah um so
check it out I'll put the link right
down there so you it so you can check
out the store as Elvis pictures gonna be
up there all pictures will be there and
also the catalog is on there so you can
check out some pictures some fancy
pictures of this guy shot but it's all
all on the show quarters calm with that
all set I hope you guys like that we're
going to do a little bit of
skateboarding I don't even know if I can
see I'm gonna try but I'm going to film
you guys really have a roll big holes I
can ski oh you're gonna be holding
camera okay see it looks like we're
making that'll hold again
you're skating a hotdog board you like
it
that was doubly good that was weird
Wow
we put the bank for trash well you go up
there and get ready for this but I'm
going to tell you guys that all that
stuff hits the Shred quarters calm this
weekend and Saturday so when it clicks
midnight Friday nights when it goes over
to Saturday that's when it comes out the
shrug reverse calm after your local
skate shop to carry it if they're not
already doing so and yeah thank you guys
so much for old sport we love you dudes
hit the subscribe button if you want to
see more videos I'm always doing videos
every single day it's right down there
it's really easy to click it and then
you're done and we appreciate that but
now Kay she's going to do it ender with
a 3/4 don't what you're going all the
whole way Wow yeah do it you nailed it
you absolutely nailed it
no it's a bonus clip where you can do
whatever you want to do with your life I
probably take over track I do that I
think I do
okay let's do it yeah
you wiped out anything to stick it
you're sitting on the ground it's awful
clever guess we can go home now
