you should what's up guys so today I'm
gonna feature some just good
skateboarding so without further ado I'm
going to cut to it the first featured
skateboarder is Chris Perez AKA chris
mcnugget here on youtube super talented
guy watch this footage and enjoy state
of nature
boom there you go yeah so Chris is one
really really good escape boarder
clearly you just saw what you saw I met
him back on the Metro skateboarding tour
a years and years ago and one of the
nicest dudes ever it was just really
cool to watch him skate too and also
hang out with them and he's done YouTube
is for a long time he was really
consistent the mini just uploaded
another one recently so if you want to
see just such a great library of
skateboarding and then I'm sure he's
gonna keep uploading videos check it out
the link is right there it just popped
up on the screen and yeah I think you'll
really enjoy his channel it's a it's a
good one it's just so sick right so I do
have one more segment this is a max
meylor his birthday from last year which
happened in December so it's not like a
long time ago but you said it to me and
I just now realize that I haven't put it
online so here you guys go this is just
a compliment edit of him and his friends
skate and skate park it was a good time
I wasn't there but it was a good time so
check that out
because
allegations of
person's action
Wow
Wow
so there you guys go that was just a
couple of things out of my computer that
I've never published I hope you guys dug
it if you guys liked this idea I've been
really swamped with take over the world
stop the the revived funk video coming
out and making nine videos a week is
very difficult I have a little bit of
help and I mean a little bit some weeks
I have to do all nine videos film and
edit and like act not acting but like
you know be a part of like in front of
the camera all of these videos and it's
it's pretty much like editing a movie
every single like filming and editing
and being in a movie every single week
of my life and it's very hard if I could
feature Clips like this and it's still
entertaining for you guys I might do it
once in a while it's gonna make my week
easier and be able to let me work on the
full language I need to do is so so let
me know give this video a thumbs up if
you are down and you want to see just
some planes skateboarding footage
YouTube has changed so much over the
last few years so I'm trying to like
stay in tune with what you guys want to
see I am doing videos here every single
day so hit the subscribe button I want
to see more from me and then definitely
check out Chris's channel and if you see
max say it's not your birthday but
having birthday that's it I'm gonna pick
up skeleton and Brian Eames there we go
let's just go show Brian Ames skeleton
Brian's doctor doctor doctor doctor
doctor
well messed that up didn't I Brian Ames
is near so skeleton bar names
let me go do some work our names are
names
before we leave might as well give Brian
Eames earrings
I hope these were dry-erase I think they
were there we go I've got some earrings
now they're tidy but he's got him right
bird litter guys thanks for watching
