you do what is up guys today I have a
fun video I have a test tech mini right
here this is the smallest fingerboard
I've ever seen if you let your count
Lego skateboards which aren't for your
fingers are for Legos so this is it this
is so tiny what I'm gonna do is I'm
going to open it up and see what I can
do on it used to be really hard I've got
a flat bar here we're gonna open this up
we're going to see what we can do
actually before I use a flat bar looks
like didn't even like fell right off the
packaging before I use a platform I'm
going to just see if I can do some flat
ground flip tricks with it it is they're
gone
the wheels are gone these bolts are so
tiny I'm just going to set all of this
design and hopefully don't lose any of
it but here it is so small it's like an
inch and a half look my finger is bigger
than it look I think this is it's tiny
it's very tiny little guy okay a little
bit about it is made by Technic and it
is a black label deck I got it there was
a few options on eBay and it was cheap
but I got black logo because they've
always been kind of awesome here to Ohio
and I grew up watching their TV video
something black label is definitely not
going to be revived mini fingerboard I
don't think anytime soon there are
regular revived technics coming later
this year so stay tuned it's come a long
process but um yeah let's see what this
can do anything I get Olly did oh my
gosh oh my gosh this is so oh there we
go
like a lot of times I do the figure
boarding videos and I'm doing like the
the backwards thing and it's because I'm
on slick services which makes it really
hard from done to finger board but with
this there's like no oh my gosh there we
go oh just as hard as it is like actual
escape work
that didn't count
dude I'm taking that I don't care that I
whipped it back that far
that was that was so hard let's go over
the kickflip oh my gosh that was almost
it this is way easier forward flip oh
that was adorable
I was the cutest kicked low ever done a
light easily I'll try the replay oh my
gosh that was probably plat 40 so but if
it wasn't I'm gonna wash back foot in
slo-mo and then I'm gonna get excited I
was a 540's list read 720 that was it I
think it might have a dash of it let's
watch it whoa did it I did it
alright uh what should I do next let me
know why can't you switch Holly try
better than that then right you want
know I know I have no idea what I do
oh very heel oh my gosh I can do that
okay I'm just going to forget about that
I'm going to go too long okay
it was impossible and almost look for
the first try
what's your pity hitting what it's so
much easier to skate on a rail I don't
know why 50 51 is what it looks like
cause I was trying that Oh
oh my gosh so hard to land it feels like
you're about to just get a shopping
spree at that fine then your foot just
falls off don't know what that was just
the one for this myth to mess up it's so
hard
you can lose this forever by the way if
you get one of these beware can I just
please line up 500 yes I'm literally
going to call my mom and tell her I just
landed that let's see if she answers if
not she's getting the voicemail
all right please leave a message at the
tone
mom what's up I just landed up 500 on
the world's tiniest finger board if you
want to talk about it coming back love
you bye
well now she knows the least all right
we're gonna know John and lipslide in
that gold boom that was good oh my gosh
I'm washing that we're get we have to
try to eutectic so unusually good a
three-foot list we'll see if I can do it
on the small guy oh wow it's going to be
very hard
oh wow this isn't happening
oh gosh come back here you think I can
do this I can do this here stop going
before suddenly I'm yelling like a dog
or something yep that's what I was
trying to do one-footed
500 gosh we get 541 foot lipslide
separately shove it whatever that was
the smoothest three-foot dark lip ever
that was so sloppy I'm not sure if I'm
able to do it again like you tried it
I think it might've done a 540 but I
don't care that was so hard and I landed
a tooth
Oh after what I should have called my
mom about missing it so hard I think
cases out here a bride I'm gonna make
someone tried we are about to do a
podcast crying okay no no case you get
over here look at him
every time but the tiny guy isn't it I
just get a maid from second yeah I just
hit a 540 split lips laughs this is for
its for your fingers you know no this is
like your fingers for like those little
hands I can guess that you attach to
your fingers that is there's no way that
that's well you mean it's so small I get
it
do the rail going to turn reverse dry
pretty good dude that's my eye man
I did the most adorable keep ever clean
beckons what are you doing and you
editor switch front nose of it oh dude
it's tough switch front nose thicker
ground is nice oh wow thank you
it's the tiniest finger board oh well me
Hey look what we got here wire no what
we we we got our music that it's a thing
it's like it did a baby board good mango
dude clearly and that is going to happen
oh my gosh that was good there you go
this thing is super tiny very very tiny
like I was kind of scared my first start
doing this because I thought there was
no way I could make this thing do any
tricks but I mean you saw what happen I
did a few tricks Tom if you guys really
like this video I'll do another one
but I don't know how much I can do on
this so give this video thumbs up if you
have any weird fingerboarding ideas I do
these videos once in a while because I
know you guys dig them so let me know in
the comment videos here every single day
so if you want to see more from me hit
the subscribe button and I will see you
guys tomorrow
um I have some believe have some really
cool in normal skateboarding coming
tomorrow and that's it we got some great
game and I was just going to try to get
out of frame by without standing up
this is really hard and I look really
dull I'm gonna have them do this because
I'm just going to sit down here I've
been doing videos for way too long the
fact that I thought that was acceptable
to upload to YouTube and here is it's on
YouTube yep that's a wrap okay
Hey quickly put this on put this on and
do a bottle do a backflip do a backflip
do a lot of flip you're a star
you
