YouTube what's up guys so it is another
rainy day in Cincinnati but don't worry
I have some sunny footage from
California I'm going to show you but my
first dilemma is this Alex what is
happening construction yes
so yeah half the park is not being used
I really want to skate today and then
this half there's probably gonna be
someone that walks through that door
filming a YouTube video which is I know
ironic because that's what I'm doing for
life but my point is is that I need a
skatepark let me go well let's go make
sure maybe not I'm gonna go see if
someone's actually filming a skate video
or filming a YouTube video dude that
looks like the best Jackie Chan wall
right haven't even brought over this yes
here here filming gonna run over top of
this screw that's that's it's a little
taller than up here though for the sake
of this video happening instead of just
being at the hospital I'm just gonna do
in my head that was gonna be way more
impressive what's going are you spider
you how good would a Spencer good dude
oh he would run all the way up the wall
run out of the building chambers yeah
where's saver I thought okay Sabre was
just in here but now I don't see him
Casey is the only other person that
could potentially be doing this are you
gonna be in the warehouse and any time
in the future yes you can take the same
iron and go film in the right house a
YouTube video okay I'm making my own
skatepark why do you wanna help me put
this together
it's my skate park but you can help me I
will help that sounds like the worst
thing in the world my skate park and I
want it now but when I'm not using it
you can use it skills yeah except it
didn't actually definitely gonna need a
box so let's grab one of these game
mechanic you got it I got it I'll grab
the right I'll grab the rail that worked
out so well
you're right I'm good I made over in
heaven now it's locked
that sucks this room is big enough so
this is the whole room bathroom look
like tell me you're not gonna get
murdered in here probably there's
probably that you just hear that - oh
there's people that work here dude these
are the creepiest noises in the world
and tell me this doesn't look like a bag
of peas I know it's so low I know it's
stolen let's get back at me okay right
look at this
tell me this isn't perfect got the rail
if you don't destroy the walls no I'm
not gonna destroy the walls I'll and my
tricks okay we got our skateboard got
our skatepark got a ramp we just ran
this is safe ramp YouTube guys this is
not gonna work this could not be any
better dude man when I was a kid this is
all I drove this is money right here
except I don't pay rent for this room
mr. tango is not okay so sort of that
first start with a brand I just might
get it out of the way okay you have to
rearrange your part I do this is one bad
thing about this is that it's big but
it's not huge
that is not my goal hello that's not
gonna slide around da oh you're going
this way yeah all but shot all but I
feel like I'm been doing something bad
on this date
it did start it would be so insane Holly
then I'm done I'm not doing that he lets
get the rail know this thank you know
this get that line bro
scurry success that's a feel to your
first line of your new part yeah this is
awful
if anyone just walked into this they be
like what is your mental problem
I lost my hip right there by the way you
gotta walk oh don't you even think about
Skippy okay it's my personal my personal
Park okay right
not here he just judges so much people
for important I do believe you can do
this CJ peas here now - hey guys I am
asked me if you can skate here how
possibly smash my face open on this door
if you want to see
we gotta go through the door though
those are the rules in my personal Park
it wasn't smooth I'm sweating so much
I gotta skate the ledge right leave it
there and do a big spin front no speaky
what the great thing about my personal
part dieter lacks same thing I skate I
can sit down on I'm gonna get on
Instagram and I'm going to I'm gonna
like some people's pictures that just
like one of my stuff good you can't
skate you can't sit here
alright Griffin Krauss he's got a dog
yeah gorgeous dog Griffin underscore
Kraus all right Biggs but no such first
try
proper that wasn't kidding it was
Griffin Kraus dude he made it happy so
solid session I'm officially done with
my personal Park yeah if anyone has a
question for me oh you want to see my
personal Park is that well I'm not using
it that's fine yes look how much room
you have in here when you're not when
you're only skating the ledge right I
was gonna start with your ring didn't
move for me oh wow better than I did
oh that's it that we're taking them all
right done real time that is it that has
never been done here in my skateboard
you all right first land about a land
that line
it doesn't make it that quieter trick
time
no trick has ever been missed on this
life Alex thank you very much for
helping me out with this video are very
welcome
so this guy has a YouTube channel what
she just filmed a 4k escape video he
does a lot of entertaining content do
you wanna check it out get this right in
the info also we have a new skatepark
happening an actual YouTube what is up
guys so I'm going to pause this video
right here I originally was gonna take
two separate segments and put them into
one as I kind of talked about at the
beginning of this video but the private
skatepark thing turned into him much
longer piece than I thought it was gonna
be in it was a lot of fun who is the
week way more fun that I thought it was
gonna be clearly it was just cheesy and
me joking around but I thought it'd be
kind of fun to try to skate in a small
room so the California stuff where I go
out to LA will be tomorrow at 11 a.m.
Eastern Standard Time
if you're watching this video like after
it went live then it's already on my
channel just go check it out
but yeah if you want to see more from me
hit the subscribe button right down
below and it's easy it's free it's not
you're just time to see more videos and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
with another video and if you can you go
in the skateboard if it's nice outside
garden skateboard if it's not I guess
find it random room that's like 10 by 10
and trying to skate in it but yeah thank
you guys to show you all this video it
means a lot I'm gonna go eat some
Mexican food in fact I'm going to
Mexican restaurant getting a steak which
sounds they're crying but it's a really
good steak it is a terrific steak that's
all I'm getting because I'm trying to
behave just one steak you guys know all
about my night I'm going later guys
dude CJ pees here now too
