what's up guys it is the last full day
in Phoenix we leave tomorrow morning and
there's a couple of reasons why this
sucks for me okay because one I try to
trick yesterday and I'm very sore I
could probably warm up in this case but
even if we do find a good spot this case
it's rain we are going to try to make
the very best of this day but this is
good because you know I don't think I
have too many videos where it's raining
and I'm just like screw it we're going
to go out and try to get some footage so
hopefully we can find some undercover
spot let me go back into the disaster
that is my hotel room
leave this Dorito that's a Dorito those
Doritos banana coffee creamers anchor
I'm taking this absence of muffins I
hotel-room good stuff in the trash Brian
Ames wasn't here I don't know where he
went
so it could come to that door I'm this
private hey nothing but Mosley rains it
twice a year in Phoenix and hey we're
here a little disgusting out here
it looks beautiful out that Mac very
beautiful day to not land tricks a jug
of movie nacho libre
I have not look at that face John Rob's
got a hat what I did hey this place
smells fantastic sweet muffin man bond
really they want anything like 45 ounce
of what you want this no no from hand if
you look anywhere you will see Phoenix
Arizona there's a cat this is the most
look at this like oh man this is a great
day to not skate now just jumping down a
drop for like an hour
what would you think of you're a normal
person just all these dudes just walking
into a we're into a garage it's dark in
here
alone
take what's your facebook password
max I find specifically through this one
oh wow that was a good
oh my god
John Rother gbb ski that went way better
than I thought it was going to go I
don't think anything was going to happen
at Barton garage ready oh my gosh whoo
oh you guys got Chopra let me see what
you got all right it's a grind people
heywhat 814 is art art who the five I
was going to film that I know that was
amazing he literally didn't want us to
leave
yeah it's the opposite of a kick-out I
know what skate spot you go do like
don't leave don't take out this videos
gonna call please sit here please stay
here
a beautiful spot I wish we could no no
it just legit range of knowledge what
did you do to this guy I made it rain
haha I said you ever night was even
going there
we go real quick putt putt this sucks
look who it is I do it look at you're
handing me coffee but I know you're not
we're trying to go to one more
underground spot undercover whatever
cause and if this doesn't work Ryan go
I'm just gonna go eat with us today like
a pizza I'm talking tacos I'm talking
not to it list because those are for the
not good oh Jesus
I am so sore this part is Dragic way
night anyone ever fallen over you think
I'm about to
so a bunch of people did tricks but we
didn't film it because why would we do
that
I was my stupid front nose so I'm gonna
try to freestyle
Oh
I'm going to under to chop my foot off
and make it two out of it yeah that was
amazing
seriously okay I would like to thank
nobody because I shouldn't have tried it
that long but I did a new trick nobody
or no back no back I'm just kidding I
like oh my freestyling friend and I like
pretty song I just don't like to do it
all I had fun don't tell anybody that
all right we're out of that bar garage
we're going to get beverages and I'm
we're gonna keep going this day is so
sucky wheres your fedora you actually
have them cure no yeah oh yeah
Vaman is failing in here
gee
I'm grass this dude for nail trick don't
worry about it once I got to that guy he
killed it he's really.just critic of a
dragon emojis now I mean they always did
but looking up maggot yeah they have and
they have a single dragon emoji
well I would like to say that you saved
this uh this day we thought it was not
going to be productive but this guy came
in a cyclist riding a golden horse and
then sold it he made a progress into you
yeah
oh my gosh so it's awesome
oh my gosh he's in the building every
time I play right my beer that's I'm
glad I walk in here at that time
I'm going to end here this was a
surprising day it worked out so let that
be a lesson if you don't think you have
a sponsor skate you go out try to find a
spot and make the best of it
and then sometimes you have friends oh
you know you can't do that I was going
to say flappy Krugerrands republics of
water but I'm going to be really suggest
hard I'm sure he did our youth right in
there it's not really messy I still be
hard hard got a mailman he's a homo Jon
Jon's a man dude but I'm going Arizona
chip done so you guys for watching this
everyone see more videos find a bell hit
it do whatever you want I don't care but
go skateboards have fun he's doing wait
oh you were born you were way nicer than
I was
you
