YouTube what's up guys so a little
different type of video today I'm going
to be reacting to one of my old skits
and I used to doing a lot of skits back
in the day and they're very weird it's
kind of embarrassing but I didn't really
care about of me back then and I still
don't really now but I still look at I'd
be like wow I could have looked at least
looked better I don't want a beard I
wait a little more and the combination
of all that just kind of made me look
funny especially with the button-up
shirt I'm wearing either way we're going
to get into this this is called my soap
opera audition tape and I put it in a
soap opera edutainment it appeared right
next is Julia Roberts audition tape so
we'll click on mine this was seven years
ago
and yes I have a red shirt underneath
the button up I always wear Deborah Kerr
but enough said everyone's afraid of
that let's watch this Oh
forgive me you guys caught the enjoying
some literature here in my library fun
one okay I want to say right now all the
spelling errors and all the screw-ups in
this like I'll restate my lines in the
video it was all on purpose I was trying
to make it look like there was like an
amateur person making this video I made
give us a name and everything my check
my dad Claire Nam aspiring snowball
actor
what would I don't have a beard my chin
look terrible gosh what's that your
agent called and he wants to see my desk
real
three sides less is your sisters
approval point everyone know yourself
boys and make the winner blend we like
children me I have a voice that makes
their boobs Mel oh my god right I was
just one setting it's like me a
bookshelf a root punch Mountain Dew
which was the best flavor by the way in
a Harry Potter poster those are bad boys
Teresa I slept with your sister to prove
a point
how did I do that back then oh it looks
like I have like a 1090 like a mullet
like it's in the background is like my
hair is like starting to get crazier oh
my gosh
I look like I'm trying to like sell you
a used car and like there's no way you'd
ever trust me and all things I love you
and I will always love you until I stop
loving you and hands down the best line
in this whole video I said it's the Lord
Voldemort distill from a friend you know
what I knew I knew you would it's not an
accusation all the facts in there you
know what fact it can't believe you shot
me here did my buddy Kyle nailed it and
acting like he did not care it all to be
in that video what is with my hair right
here you're kidding me
it's so wrong I love it oh my gosh I
ever need proof to show someone that I
don't care people think of me I'm just
you to show them that clip look I did
this I put this on the internet it was
ridiculous I wonder if my family members
have seen this video like what will my
mom think if she just walked in on this
filming like I wonder what my son's
doing oh he's acting like he's making
out with himself
oh he's talking about sleeping with
Voldemort playing it I don't think my
mom watches my videos I think my dad we
think it's way weirder actually
to heart cry candle I wanted to look
like you were moving like the candles
floating and then like we purposely put
my hand in for a second so it's like bad
budget low budget there was no budget
terrible budget okay so I actually cut
up onion and like wave them under my eye
till I get that crying and I nailed that
first Drive later on you probably do
believe it or not because it's really
ridiculous so never
I'm checking clear calm you today get
your food nothing there's that tagline
is literally at the bottom of the screen
like a annotation it comes a thumbs up
for Mountain Dew I've seen this video
forever in private seven years and the
same outdoor Sun okay Wow
if you want to see that skit in its
entirety I'll put at the end of this
video you guys can go watch it and
comment and because if you see it all on
once it is more flowy and makes sense
than me interrupting making fun of
myself but my gosh okay one I'm glad I
grew a beard I'm glad I lost some weight
and that shirt not to like talk trash
myself well there's nothing wrong with
you know like if you're comfortable with
your weight or whatever I'm not I'm not
trying to go there at all like any the
combination of everything made me look
slightly ridiculous and my hair got so
crazy not and I meant for that all to
happen but I actually the secret of this
coach my Action Hero audition tape or
something and I don't know I always I
always thought about going to do as a
third when I was gonna do it like a
reality star audition tape so but wow my
gosh I used to make the weirdest youtube
videos and it's kind of bums me out that
I don't make super weird ones these days
I do have a couple too good idea and
I'll do them but my gosh that scene
where I made out with myself is like
hands-down one of weirdest things I've
done on my youtube channel I think like
I don't know if that is more
embarrassing that I made out with myself
or the character was supposed to be
making out with a sister which gradually
like soap operas are super weird that's
why all this stuff is like the most
ridiculous concepts in the world but
soap operas are oh is dramatic and I I
don't know the bloopers I'll play the
bloopers role at the end of this video
then in the actual video as well but
yeah it was ridiculous if you want to
see me do more of these old goofy skits
let me know
as time proceeds I eventually start to
look how I do now which i think is a
little better looking it's better than
been cleanly shaven Andy that's crying
about his girlfriend but I don't know
doesn't let me know if you guys want to
see more of these react videos and then
of course if you want to see more of the
goofy skits but I hope your Friday is
off to a great start I think tomorrow I
have a blog stowed from Arizona and it's
a lot of good skateboarding it was a
rainy day but we made the best out of it
so that's it if you want to see more
videos from me hit the subscribe button
and I do videos here every single day
but not is it but after the outro the
bloopers for this kit will be there we
had such a fun time making the video so
enjoy it and then if you want to see the
actual sheet it will be at the end of
this video to be a link to it so thank
you guys see you tomorrow here's a
fingerboard I'm gonna do a three foot
first drive did not do I got a better
idea I should reenact that skit I should
just redo it at 2017 version let me know
if you like that idea I'll try that
brief up again still failed
my name's Chad McLaren and I'm aspiring
soap opera actor oh good
Oh forgive me you caught me in joints of
literature my library Harry bit that
little piece over it's not very handsome
all right calm down Kerry guy a nice
glass of Mountain Dew Zinfandel this is
stupid
it smells like fruit juice tastes like
your Facebook what reflects a book
everyone knows to be in a soap opera you
have a voice that makes the woman's leg
feel like Jill at leg legs is one leg
just one less good girl don't have one
leg believe it or not great this is not
good I love you and I will always love
you until I stop loving you again yeah
Becca
maybe that will heaven pretty hard he's
ridiculous
