cheering what is up guys it is a
reduction time now what am i thought
about redemption it is Redemption time I
did a dark slide on this rail like a
month or two two months ago and it was
crappy and I said I was going to redo it
well today is a day i've got about 30
minutes to do this and I got a new Dark
Lord I've got a new dark slide
skateboard may I get to the dark slide a
really good dark smell in that box for
another video so we'll play that right
now just to prove I can orange line now
that you've seen it hopefully I can do
it on this rail that looks that good
news or clock I want to be sliding on
like this
okay we showed you why do I even need to
do it now I just landed it 9 or 20 to
stop any car look good
hmm I'm a power well power rangers of
the cartoon that's what it carries a
fine chose one if I land this first try
I will buy you a Megazord OG okay dad do
you see it that made me really cringe
which I don't like saying that word
anymore because now it's like a thing to
say cringe has been a word is the dawn
of time but let's all say it right now
that was going to be you know another
thing is that people you know for a
while now they can't speak in complete
sentences cringe AF sounds like a radio
station I hope every time you say that
sounds like ad you're shooting into
cringe AF awhile that's easy that's how
bad everybody that uses the word cringe
is like that's what you get man you make
it fun of what I think
that's all is literally what you think
like imagine a dork Southern array how
that go that's exactly how you think how
we go I just plain way more than any
with shoulders hammer pretty much the
only thing I haven't done a stack I land
on my feet
like I wouldn't be surprised door slide
please
instead of wasting time talking making
fun about how people talk it's not nice
don't make fun how people talk except I
say like a lot that's terrible anything
this was a taller rail I have more time
to flip it out
I'm going to punch and I don't mean
punch me I'm gonna drink try to fit it
there's no salt process between most
things like that and once again his I'm
a failure at least I got some slams out
of it but man I can I didn't want land
the first time I landed it so yeah this
is so much harder I just landed a real
Google on the box if you blow it one day
when you're getting back when you're
closer just a week ago it happens
skateboarding is one of the hardest
things you can do so it's very rewarding
so you guys should go out there and try
this trick if you're willing to scrape
up your boards hope it having action
with George snowboard help you guys want
to see how I made this our sled board
it'll be at the end of this video well
you guys have a dark side upload the
instagram and hashtag I can darkslide
Andy because I want to see them so there
you guys go
maybe I'll pick someone and give them
maybe I'll pick a dark side and give
them a random goody I don't know yeah
yeah we did just give away time
apparently I'll give you a surprise
thing from reviving the third
installment it won't be a failure video
it will be amazingly onion I will just
keep filming it until I do not have a
failure day and I nail it on this
wish me luck give a thumbs up because
that's the thinner it is likes or life
that's it
how'd your videos here every single day
hit subscribe but if you want see me
please down dude
it just the girls today
the way my voice sounded at the end of
that and I said just a girl today
blue creepy well we're about your life
it just makes me cringe cringe dude IRL
cringe in real life I'm just kidding if
you say cringe you're all good trends
are funny though I was hoping I would
just be able to do it and sound like a
samurai cuz I've been cool I'll be able
talk except I say like a lot that's
terribly everyone day but uh yeah I'm
talking about butternut but for us
you
