I do not have time for this baby oh hi
Chris
hey I'm safe is it a cheerless the
really Gert is it safe I don't know it's
life I'm chairs flu is it warehouse ones
it's warehouse ones then geez
who is it this week I don't know it's
him oh my gosh that was weird huh what's
up okay
it's warehouse Wednesday a little
comfortable chair ever and you're the
culprit yeah
what happens if I go like this you're
not doing all right you see all these
faces okay this is the one that matters
because you're up today all right you
wonderful at the end of this video you
might be in your boxers whooping great
all right that's that's what you're
trying not to do oh all right well
tensing up see this is what this is what
how it happens again you have to do five
tricks to warm up I'm going to make you
do tricks that I know you can do but I
haven't seen your do in a while on so
how can all of that mystery challenge
which I'll make up on the spot okay and
then you have to do the longest Smith
run that you can do okay there'll be
different markers I got a sharpie credit
sharpie and I'm a market if you do the
first one you don't have to hula-hoop in
your boxers on to what does the bank to
ledge okay because you do belong Smith
grunts I want to see your longest grind
right and then then Yin the second
marking if you do that you do not get an
object stolen from your office so I can
take anything I want anything great and
then if you land it you get 20 bucks
which you usually don't get anything
when you win these you just not get
something so there's different tiers
they'll be exciting O'Brien time with it
on the long ride okay what you have ten
minutes do green all right looking back
to the intro okay okay all right all
right all right cool let's go
the good thing it's not raining but if
it does alex is ready I'm ready for it
let's go inside the building I was in
sunny Las Vegas just this morning and
now I came back to this Brian what was
the light from the dog peed on you
it wasn't I've had a rain rain boy come
over here Rain Man ha get it all right
courier grind that's why bar
no yeah you have to do don't know if I
can do that while you get to start
trying give it a whirl I did
give it a whirl Brian Scott he doesn't
own the bar called huh I've never seen
him so uncomfortable out of the zone Oh
next time I say you're an idiot will you
listen to me I know you did well I've
heard of grinds well Italy wasn't no sly
Brian suck see he's not an idiot
absolutely he's an idiot now all right
one more warmth I'm done no steering all
right well now well sail there all you
got to do a front board to fakie
reporte face the whole thing doesn't
matter it's wack
cool about this is that I could be
Chewbacca okay with a CD case or
something then I can be regular Arace
you have any requests you had a front
180 the hip from okay boyo yeah it's
just a pool full of chocolate is that
easy it was it was a bowl full chocolate
yeah I don't even do that I thought it's
gonna suck at it no slide shove it out
knock it out yeah I want it I'm
literally anything you do a hand room
please do it okay just play
literally complaining seconds before
landing that bit if you've ever been 14
you've done a nosedive shove it out
block round you're getting on the ground
for this one you can do a kickflip
sex-change you're just trying to make me
look at you've ever been 14 you've done
that trick to the left I did this
probably literally well 14 like in my
garage again whew that's the point
oh that was good comment below for your
transfer women Nintendo put what Casey
said is not true that was generally the
worst thing I will see today but you did
it and that the the mystery challenge
Brian is you have to arm-wrestle just
longer oh dude
let's do it let's do it now here's the
catch because you're love Canada he's
right-handed you should do it
right-handed you knew I was right now
that's pretty cool I just assumed you
work it you're not not normal I didn't
know driver's life all right now you do
most of a new everyday why are we doing
it here with advancement how'd you do
the troughs traveling like that now I
don't care I mean we're not like
official arm wrestling wing here me like
that have like our arms like this have
you done competitions before yeah really
hey that's just arm wrestle Brian my god
three two one go switch dude Wow strange
smells good though I just felt it and
watch chill drama I can't hold this any
long that was really good run good job
are you ready to apparently this this
bolt is where you start with make a line
okay okay Parker why are you guys how we
got to tell the naked hula-hoop is right
here we'll draw a hula hoop and then
we'll draw you naked I was going to draw
a wiener but I decided that we have
added it there's you who living okay
this is pretty much the crime Brian this
is for you don't get something stolen
yeah the marker is broken
ona Mikey I thought whoa and this is the
$20 mark Brian you've never gone that
far I tried to get past this like I
could not do it Friday all right all
right there's the money that no this is
the the office multiplets dethrill face
you girl face for the office you got to
start right here timer start it go I'll
do the nigga who lives way too easy
Commission yeah that's the guy that
that's for when they do the tires on
that guy
yeah the pit crew yes early whoa yep
close that was early eight and a half
minutes
marker me Katie right there we've got
722 all right but you're at 7 minutes
and 19 seconds
you're not going to be in your view you
wouldn't like to write here like passes
like it was good really yeah I'm going
to steal some real office if you don't
get to here so hard get a bowl of
cornflakes right okay and we're just
feasting time how'd it go and we're back
an inch early but that was almost it mmm
it was early though pause for a replay
no no keep it going keep it going like
this much early who do you like you
literally like it exactly an inch too
early I'm sorry man
well we all came right here you seem a
wheel but you're you stop grinding like
right here and we played a slow-mo
hey man trying to make you a better
person
he would be a better person yeah 5
minutes and 10 seconds I mean it's a
gray area because I can see you County
but at the same time like you like your
success in the space look at this tree
shot is that the line in his truck is
not junctions and coping
by four minutes brother how'd you get
Instagram
oh that was legit that wheels over yeah
it's on you did alright we'll count that
one thanks to Casey slow-mo 245 245 I
need you to really try are the Horowitz
Roger this hey just make sure is all in
before that line okay why am I here
I'll have you know that I was going to
take his desk I was going to get a legit
desk
I like how you blasted past that one
that time you got a minute and a half
dude
don't do that was really good okay two
more Drive where is he going to go we go
everybody
I don't know what if he flies into the
wall I'll be lenient last try
Brian you gave it a valiant effort
trimeric but listen to this paradise
right here whine listen that's the noise
basically Ronda I do want to see ya you
fail the but yet you pass some of it so
let's see what your grind was because
you like exactly winter that line look
you up here
No oh yeah that isn't one Michael Scott
nonfluent so you almost did a ten-foot
grind mmm that's pretty good my specimen
first myth that's good because like I
just kind of 15 you get a pretty good in
your life away he didn't get to do
anything embarrassing I'm sorry for that
but I do have good news this guy started
a YouTube channel recently a video that
sex we love right now is behind scenes
photo shoot of the spring line so
survive related but yeah you just
uploaded a video to day and we also did
some spicy things for his channel which
I was in both of them but I he's the
master of heat and this guy's gonna be
the next one is gonna put him through
pizza heat maybe I'm excited it's going
to be gnarly hey neighbor gonna do his
favors in a fail miserably he's going to
probably be somewhat of a burrs gonna
 he's going to talk to me amazing so
with that said click the link that just
popped up right there it's also at the
end of this video and down in the info
and you'll see much more from him a lot
of cool content so I mean you've been
watching warehouse long enough you know
you need to do that so yeah even though
you failed I
he could care law he did do it like a
ten-foot Smith grant yes
no more we didn't want you to steal
anything or dance naked you would like
reverse that entire scale and probably
be a little bit more motivating yeah
alright well suppose I am inspired by
The Hunger Games right now you strangle
him or you strangle him you guys both
yesterday no this is terrible
stop come on man violence why would you
do to justify like PETA
okay moral the story don't show your
friend that was disgusting him you guys
other moral we're not friends
so how do you feel now that you said
that a terrible thing to eat yummy okay
well hunger game wow you kicked him yeah
it's Joe something that's not even my
shoe
no it's not
you
