I think okay i think i think i think
we're live
what's up guys it's 231 here yeah this
is the first live streaming them okay
that's good my credit card like right
here a live stream um can I see like
okay here we go
oh look oh there is the chances what is
up guys I see
about
staying in the entire this is going so
fast
is
we just landed Himura surprise
some page thank you youtuber am I
five so
questions
you
reason why people don't if you just
don't curse it's not gonna offend anyone
but it's funny because like not cursing
does offend some people yeah it's fine
over here Blake if it's frozen like
refresh because I brought up my lab
right refresh your page good but um it's
funny because like I feel like the only
people they care about
first thing you're like teenagers that
like go out of their way to curse yeah
pretty much
because that's for like the only time
around it around our friends and people
have went out of their way to curse I
don't really care what how people talk
it's frozen yeah just we just restarted
go back to it he says it says it's
working it's working you guys are saying
okay so well no let's get into it
we're okay we're gonna get into what
we're talking about revive skateboards
is and I might have to make a video of
this if this is my first live stream so
how successful this is gonna be I'm
gonna it's gonna post as a video so
revive skateboards full-length video our
second foiling video is coming out in
June like I said a minute ago Jim and we
need music for it there is a handful of
songs we're already like guys kind of
like focusing in on and we're gonna talk
those labels but there are some people
that do not have songs there are parts
and I want some options so if you're in
a serious band I don't want like you
just create like I'm that's your music
random no that's weird
yeah just send us your music if you're
in a serious band that put some solid
tunes together or you know if you're an
artist like you know hip-hop like we're
open-minded so just send us your stuff
on my Facebook I'll put up there's a
link in the info to this facebook.com
slash official Andy Schrock I did a post
where you guys can just link the thing
right there and you don't have a
Facebook which is understandable these
days
yeah because Facebook is terrible it's
just it's a good place for this so I'm
just finding some I know your mom or dad
has it like just get on there was like a
put this link on this post and I'm gonna
look through them and I'll contact you
guys if you do have a label make sure
they're on board with this because if
you go say we can use it and then your
labels like well no you know that puts
that's kind of like a waste of time and
then we if we get set on a song we might
be bummed that we can't use it so yep
so that's that and I just really want to
make a video saying about it getting on
my channel because I could post on
Instagram all I want but it's just
soon forgotten after that so here's this
that's a reason for this but I also ate
a lot videos this video stick around
yeah it's time to sink in so you can
prepare and also we're gonna stick
around do Q&A this is my first live
stream so I kind of want to see how it
went I agree so I know I like the live
streaming format I might try to do this
on my channel too you know I was like
now there's a bunch of people watching I
hope I said that relevant I'm for if
there's anyone new right here we just
asked for music to use in our next
full-length skate video which would be a
digital and a DVD so just rewind the
live streamers
you know like watch it when it's posted
and you guys can get us your music so
that's why it's happening weren't you
starting a new company yes yes we are
about to actually order the product it's
a very very close to being a we're
finalizing graphics right now then
manufacturing happens and we should be
ready to go and it's in the
skateboarding world so you guys will be
excited absolutely what's my favorite
pokemon do you you don't know anything
about Pokemon
I mean just intriguing to me I just
don't know anything about it seems like
a game I'd like but I never played one
of course everyone's probably flipping
out right now but I watched the cartoon
I was loaded I would say Charizard um
feel good inked by the guerrillas we
probably can't get the rights to that
probably not gonna be very expensive to
say the Harlequin oh yeah what's up that
would be good yeah I didn't I didn't
realize I just saw that now you know
that I knew
what's up Manor are you all from
Cincinnati yes we are from tonight yeah
most as well no favorite video game I'm
just real quick oh my god play I'm
playing breath of the wild right now and
I'm gonna make the statement it is
probably the best video game I've ever
played
it is so especially if you like the job
kind of like role-playing games like
Skyrim like that's that type it's like
it's basically like you take Skyrim and
then you throw how amazing zelda is it's
a monster we're going to talk about
tomorrow and shot gas tomorrow so you
guys can log in or tune into that to see
it later so it's all tenancy so I would
love to get that but I'm not gonna
happen
the who to use that I'm left-handed
Brian is left-handed
what's your favorite deck that you
I like the Carlsbad Dyke the Old Crow
birthday I like the red light wine OG a
favorite Star Wars character but this is
going so fast we're all flensing line
today I saw that sir star was character
obi-wan Oh
Darth Vader really absolutely he's the
bad guy I know but he's like the most
like villain ever he is a cat I love
I like the villains man do what about
dirt
what about light now what about the
general grievous what maybe want to
start revive what was Revenge
skateboards beforehand and then we ran
some name issues and they were basically
another company was had the name had
legally had the name and they wouldn't
let us use flying it's going so fast
somebody asking our boards rwk yes yeah
okay there's a few skate shops like that
sell them skate Hut reliables case but
Micah Ellis thanks dude yes thank you
buddy I would like to officially say
because there's this super Chet thing
where you guys can like officially send
us stuff Micah Ellis likes butter he
does no deluxe butter and uh Thank You
Micah oh yes whose variety of You JC
says is there a new candidate for being
pro for revive and I will say no comment
I would say I'll say no comment big
smile
yeah thank you for asking that JC a wink
wink and and I will never be proud or am
i Pro I can I can't say that enough and
neither will I didn't make the screen
happen yet no I just like to be able to
see where rally the composition oh
Justin why expression when will you turn
me pro uh well you're not even flow you
won't make Justin longer flow no I don't
you don't know you say I was just saying
give me a challenge like if he does like
a fakie 5o kickflip on the Box does a
piggy five okay pop on the box now you
baby flow alright yeah there you go yeah
moniker where is ridin he is at
preschool and I'm actually about to go
pick him up after this and I'm gonna
film a turbo time video I can't go log
on my screen cuz it'll screw or internet
connection
oh that's fine I want do that the chat
were so fast idea wear a different hat I
only wear this hat during Reds
season we are in spring training right
now I get a fresh hat every season so
the day the pitchers and catchers report
I get a Fred's head and I'll take it off
the last your last ones yeah it's
sitting there on my last yeah my last
one is sitting there
actually I read the record on the bottom
right here and I keep them so I give me
whatever you they're gonna weigh more
about Brian's happening I got a
warehouse that to go everyone for videos
cuz it's sweaty Micah Ellis again is is
says when do we get a butter dick
honestly you I can tell you more than I
was I don't know I I imagined before of
I've skateboards is done to be butter
dick they'll be a butter predict if we
do dude it's it's for you my callous and
thank you again hey what are you Richard
what about my Richard why do you wear a
man I need to do an updated version if
you go back there's a version of me like
just in all red talking about my red
shirt thing so look up world record you
survived and AM grip we own force and
revived Douglas Patel's owns am group we
distributed for and then we also on
Pancake attack attack which is our line
of children's clothing as well and then
which is a weird thing to say yes true
though and we have another brand that
will be launching yep in its
skateboarding or its it's done ah dude
you love my beard thanks you did can you
make a deck of brine aims as a taco I
actually made a taco Brian aims remember
it was your face as a taco that probably
a shirt like for holidays or something
that's what I usually do those oh and
hammer asks John Hill pro model and I
would like to say that oh and hammer has
a great name
you know but I cannot answer your
question on him it's true I would like
to say thank you though yeah I'm
actually was hammer did great it's a
great yeah that is amazing esmeralda
bitola says hi from Florida love you too
dudes
thank you very much as well very a lot I
so super talked about names no I mean I
hates it now now I want to say after I
say this the next person that doesn't
get complimented on their name is gonna
feel like they have a bad name but I
like the name is Marotta
and I hope everything is going good and
for I'm actually coming down to Florida
soon I'm gonna go to the keys just to
get away from all this craziness
what are you going it'll be during the
week it'll be like just to get away okay
but uh as Marilla rules thank you so
much you were really hard it's gone by
Dennis okay to the bottom of it yeah
make Andy throw nope that will never
happen if he like surprised me
that I would still like no I would say
no and I would just point I would never
know what never knew that maybe you can
pop the shoutout I don't know
mark is done any brand where the tech
deck sporting tech decks coming out and
also will be available and thread
quarters my store won't have them one
they are gonna be coming out this fall /
early winter probably more to the fall
and yes they will be available on these
red quarters yeah so I would like thank
you Marcus very much and we can't show
them any of the promo stuff family we're
not legally allowed to show that I
really wish we could especially for mark
is done yeah we're going to show you
what boards are coming out no I can give
you we can give you a hint on some C's
that some for stuff no we're having a
doodle series that's on saying doodle
series xx heavy user wants to know what
that shade Brown thank you you might see
that or you might not see that don't
hands don't hand don't say anymore
although Hubble uses an awesome guy or
gal yeah and uh well but you can also
show them you can see what a shaved
Brian looks like if you go to I'll tell
you what I'll post a picture of an old
Oh G
J Brian after this on my Instagram it is
just for you abuser it's just for you
what did actor would you went away would
you bring back was it there ask Mike
don't even know dude
I'm trying to find it character or take
actor I would problem I would bring back
Harold Ramos so think it's ghostbusters
just fantastically bring back him gosh
that was a bummer and she stopped still
bother
yeah insanely spicy me destroyed my life
but I wasn't there it's gonna come out
that baby comes out on Saturday I
believe gage Smith says can you get that
tattoo and gauge I will I will but I
will buy you a tattoo next if we're ever
on skates room together because that
thing that'll happen hint hint what are
you going to visit gone let's go my god
there's so many people in this we're
over sixty minutes though I got out like
who oh and hammer again with a great
last name
this favorite band I've been listening
AFI has been a long-term favorite but I
say overall my favorite is coheed and
cambria who I just actually had to text
them today about using a song for them
of theirs and Coheed but I've been
listening a lot of AFI reason because
they'll prove I am a big gangster pin
which is last like 10 years probably pin
I'm not my group hip hop like actual hip
hop it's like intelligent hip hop I have
respect for but I don't I don't listen
to it but I like that dudes who relied
you know like your room him and India
premiered liked when the best
nominations ever thank you so much Anton
I would like to do something for Anton
right now I don't know to do for anytime
well then jus it's uh I'll show I six
coming I just got a job and now I'm two
sword skates if you could feel bad for
me that would be appreciate arable you
can't skate there I can't skate right
now either my like well my ankle walking
yesterday I'll show you a sneak peek of
my part and time if you guys can see
this you see it this is for Anton this
is like it was a really cheesy clip I
don't even know I'm going to use that
but I film that for my address for Anton
how long is my beard not every well on
my wife my wife trim my beard the other
day my wife was in charge of my beard
like dude
Isaac Isaac yeah I am too sort of scary
right now so I know I just open one I'm
sure it was lost how small I love you
too buddy Eric Cooke thanks Eric what up
dude in here well I say make my hand be
a frog is it really no look at it looks
like a frog is prayer yeah and then if
you want to be a rabbit boom I know
pretty good my way around a hand
Esmeralda it says have you guys ever
skated in mega ramps I have not I
watched ninja ninja ate it dropping in
on the landing like anyone whose kids
Omega is insane that is the craziest
thing ever
yeah that's uh III always said that I
would try it but now I'm not sure I
might die you could you could literally
die I was so trite I would not cry maybe
okay if we ever get like a mini mega RAM
at least a minute duct tape like pillows
around me like your lips Kate died it
was the intro you know be for as Marilla
your team is awesome I love you thank
you Richard oh my gosh I'm terrible at
this just for you guys don't know if
you're tuning in actually live we did
add we want your guys music so I think
it's in the info it kind of explains it
yeah if you have sandwich some speed
words yes saber is a minute to us saber
does no escape for us he is killing it
progressing so fast he's maybe uh filmed
last week any field of really cool to
hit first part I could spoil it he'd be
so mad he'd be so mad in an era five
guys in and out they're both just okay
sorry madam you're right now that's good
it's good it's good in five guys is good
too it's just like lesser good just
lather desert gates but in San Diego I'm
gonna San Diego in like we didn't we
didn't have a success I got her I got
broke on the way buffet when I went
there not skating the actual drop and we
didn't find too much though I said we
need to go back I don't know what scoff
scoff oh if it's not to Scalia like
Scott claims more pumped than Scott I
can be done with it no effects is a good
balance of you know I'm trying to get
these questions Dave flying I'm so sorry
guys but just we just need look at one I
know well it's hard to even likes read
the whole question because I think the
better questions are longer do much
Brian's beard I've done it it sucks
every time that sucks sucked right or
like saber like last night oh oh my gosh
Jacob Thank You Jude Jacob I don't and
end all
angle-angle says did you see last nine
club episode they talked about you and
yeah I I saw like the clip of it I don't
actually I didn't actually watch the
full episode yet I will but I mean it
was it was cool what they talked about
mhm it wasn't it was a good time I hear
that I've been brought up and like
something in the industry I'm like what
is it talking about it could be anything
but they're they're all super cool and
then okay and then so maybe noise yeah
Kelly asked me to be on at one time yeah
maybe someday he'll get on like a month
ago so I don't know we'll see
I'm not in LA for a long time so if I
don't have to make a trip happen Mason
you're welcome for the debord skin
chance mall channels you guys like
getting past mm some smaller chip I like
yours you're some small channel right
now thank you it just started I'm having
a lot of fun dude it's been like hot I
hope I can stick it out Z button
freaking KC and that I watch I don't
know I don't have a lot of time for you
to many more it's really unfortunate to
me continue on that I'm sorry skin I got
I got one I mean there is a guy his name
is Greg it's a Greg's beer reviews great
potatoes Greg's beer reviews I think it
is this guy reviews like a beard like
every day I know when doing it no one's
listen they got like the thousands of
videos that he's been putting up and
he's got like 12,000 subscribers I've
been doing it for like five years
and you'd like has great knowledgeable
videos that's a--that's a bummer when
someone like puts a lot of effort into a
solo chance it's that guy Greg Greg Greg
peer review I feel like a lot of people
be interesting that too I was great um
hey what's up Elizabeth Elizabeth like
oh hey this crib was that many people
are still watching this that's awesome
hi I'm Mexican hello oh god oh yeah
alright they get rid yeah I still be
down with that part I know the quarter
um can you say hi to me but he it's yeah
I think it was I don't know what fan
guys miss Johnny oh yes I miss Johnny
hell yeah all the time
he was just in New York I miss that guy
I want to I would love me in New York
week job do you have plans to record
your outro song um so I have a few
projects I'm working on but take over
the world is my first one that I need to
get out of the way and then my book and
an EP I was gonna do a full length album
but now I'm just gonna do an EP because
I feel like it'll be easier to get it
out so like a five song EP will
hopefully come out by the end of this
year and my book hopefully all I don't
have a written by then of this year make
this the follow-up to my book that I
went out somebody asked when to grow the
world's coming out is hopefully going to
be coming out in early be coming out in
June but hopefully we're aiming for June
yeah third the only reason that would be
pushed back is because of complications
with production or
June for it you'll be technically the
fourth June third as of Friday so I'll
be coming out at midnight which is the
fourth I don't figure I'll figure it out
though early June yeah
are you guys hiring we unfortunately
have we have so many people here that
are our friends and family that want to
work for us that we don't have jobs for
them so right now we're not we do take
on interns once in a while and but that
would happen like later in the summer
from you hot dogs
of Pizza big Dao Zhi dipper they down G
Dipper
I'll be down you know Big Daddy dog
dipper 69 of course because there are 68
others being acting down what's up like
you did we both have the Nintendo switch
and it's fantastic yeah if you guys get
a chance to get one you should
absolutely no be enough games fantastic
like the new Mario Kart is bringing back
the battle system which it will be
really fun online but if you don't have
a switch just get it for the Wii U yes
idiot will you but if you don't be
either just get a switch this switch is
great
oh and Hammer says do a bottle float no
there's a bottle in here me for I would
love this through a bottle that was
gonna doing this for you guys alright
I'm gonna stick around the red yeah the
red one just some from Holland these
questions are just flying sorry guys
what's up from Spain Brian your
Instagram videos killing it thank you
guys I appreciate that I'm posting a lot
of my store recently cooking
there's no bottle we like no bobble in
this right here Keenan thanks I'm sorry
on hammer recording I really I would
love to go to Ireland I need to travel
more internationally tis fantastic I've
been going to Europe I was in Italy
twice in the last two years and I've
been floors Italy's like one of the
greatest places in the world
Josh Katz is living there right now and
I'm so insanely jealous I keep seeing
him post like photos from like places
that I've been standing you know I'm
just like so jealous okay but let's wrap
this up um what I did want to talk a
little bit but what I'm gonna do with
live streams is I'm not gonna do just
Q&A is like this whole time I'll
probably do a lot of the traditional q
and A's I am gonna jump on here and do
this once in a while but I'm gonna try
to do live streams like skating strikers
or like out on like when we're in
different parts of the country and or
like if I wanted to talk about something
maybe like do I guess like a podcast
thing here on the livestream so just an
idea let me know in the comments what
you guys put and tell us all about it
or just in any feedback you can get me
on instagram whatnot
let us know this was really cool I'm
gonna try to do more and I just want to
say thank you guys
yes thank you I think I'm gonna try to
do some live streams on my channel as
well I've been eating a lot of like
super super spicy food and I might try
to think of a way I can do like some
live streaming of eating's place and
things you guys can watch it freaking
died yeah so yeah but I'm gonna have fun
with it is my point
and uh just a reminder everybody all new
musicians out there please show us your
stuff we want to hear it used to feature
you guys and take over the world yeah so
that is it thank you guys so much for
watching this and there's a warehouse
Wednesday coming out an hour a half so
watch it he's a good one he's him
actually and then okay okay
videos every single day so if you're
just watching this on youtube afterwards
its trevelin high-five you guys
literally hit your screen come on 1 2 3
5 I hope you guys in now you guys get to
watch our faces awkwardly try to stop
trying to stop the library yeah and done
