what's up guys my name is dandy this is
my son ridin and what time is it right
now oh try that harass carrot yes it is
another try not to laugh challenge ride
in the Hitchin had a birthday since we
did the last one right how old are you 5
yeah last time we did it was like a kind
of a kid version of the challenge so
we're going to do an adult version I
just downloaded it and I took all the
stuff that was a little too adult for
riding so uh you're going to watch this
and you're gonna try not to laugh right
what here's the challenge though if you
laugh three times or less you get a
cookie cookies are delicious right well
if you laugh more than three times you
have to eat a hot soft cracker
oh are you up for it yeah shake on it
alright so I'm going to get the video up
and we're going to do this
these are funnier this is way funnier
there's gonna be a harder challenge okay
oh all right you ready yeah you make
sure the volumes all the way up and go
is the greatest cat for the whole time
I know I collab oh you want dude oh yes
I know you didn't my abilities ten-yard
of self-love ah that was a laugh why
that was what I'm gonna be mom or not
you got oh oh he dodged him he's a
little weird that's real I know I can
love LA I love with wash
we should make me bigger so you try not
to laugh to a customer we pressed one
you're good at this amazing Oh God
waiting your banana my faith I am wanted
what just kidding I got it we do that's
still Moreland Hill this recreation
identifies how witnesses say the bear
escaped into the woods that's the best
news story ever
what buzzer buzzes
oh I can laughs it give one lap
you're at - no I asking laughs yeah 81.0
are afraid of technology technology
market is right I'm sorry I got a
meeting oh my god
way to go Paul is one of the most
dangerous animals in the world so I
built this cage to keep them secure so
there's no possible oh my not that happy
thing this is the best whatever it did
was it yes nice rhyme I speak Oh
all right that was it you did good my
gosh you want to eat how about this how
about you eat a hot stuff cookie just so
you can watches it
just one little hot sauce on a bite of
the cookie than any dress cookie normal
yeah yeah please do it for you - look
look all these people they want you to
do it just one - hot dog bite and then
you get to eat delicious cookie bite
okay all right I'm going to do another
one of these and I'm going to make it be
hardest one ever I'm going to find the
funniest clips of all time and I'm gonna
get you right in you're going to be the
hot sauce cracker okay but he did pretty
good you get to eat the cookie all right
thank you no hot sauce before we do that
I want to point out the greatest clip of
all time in the clip were the fam
there's someone take a picture of their
family and the guy skis by and says I'm
a giraffe he is literally in a draft
costume look at this picture
you guys say Colorado that is one of my
favorite clips on the internet it is so
so good but yeah all right cookie time
all right
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun I didn't make it I mean I got a
container over there ah these are like
the most delicate delicious cookie to
the memory system taste it
how good is that Carol's gut I know I
just want to say congratulations give me
a high five you did very good on this
challenge and that's it we actually have
another channel called turbo toy time
where we do toy videos and we just
uploaded a video on a day we do videos
on Tuesdays and Saturdays and they're
really fun it's just me and him hanging
out do into a video so that's something
you're into it's just possible the
street right there there's a link at the
end of the video and down below so check
it out that is it I do videos here every
single day too
so hit the subscribe button and I will
see you tomorrow I don't know what comes
next but tomorrow I'll have a video you
anything you want to say to YouTube say
I'm the champion of not laughing and it
give me enough that glasses unless
you're getting tickled you're gonna
laugh eventually I would I love you yeah
about YouTube I say it with your mouth
closed
you ate it all how dare you and you're
running away well I'm going to eat the
plate I'm just kidding I'm going to put
it right here
