you sir what's up guys so today I'm
going to set up a new Dark Side
skateboard for those of you who do not
know a dog slot is when you slide on
your skateboard upside down on an
obstacle like the picture you're looking
at right now which sound like a weird
thing you get dark side with any normal
skateboard most likely but it's way
easier if you set up a deck purely for
dark slide I'm going to do that and I'm
going to show you how I do it and tell
you all about it and then we'll go into
the warehouse and hopefully do a dark
spot I like to think that I can land the
dark side if I try it but sometimes
they're really hard I'll level things
okay so I have a bright deck I really
just did this because it pops and then I
can come nails and footage you'll be
able to see it much better now this is
the old dark slide deck and it's been
skated for about a year and a year of
dark studying a board standing on it the
wrong way will make a board kind of
somewhat flimsy here it's started to
chip a little bit here and there but we
got a year out of it so the biggest
thing about it is how you cut your grip
tape I just put the grip tape on here
normal what I'm going to do is I'm going
to put the board together and we're
actually going to cut away to side so it
lets the surface hit just wood and it'll
slide away better without further ado
let's get into two bags of popcorn
yesterday and I bought you leftovers and
that was after dinner
I got new hardware because the old
hardware on the old dark to the dark
slide board was crashed I walked into my
math class and it was a grandma so I
stopped dating her after that she
confused my CD player for a snake enough
said there I will not take it either
his hands were filthy but still shook
his hand when I was 8 I kissed the
door-to-door sales woman that's a weird
thing to say it's more weird for her and
that's how I won the chicken pot pie
ganja I don't know we have a skateboard
yet and only some of the things that I
said were true but there were a couple
true things in it what we're gonna do is
really going to go into the cutting
phase next which is where we cut away
some grip tapes now a daughter slide if
you don't know which I assume you do if
you click on this video is where you
slide on an obstacle like this with that
thought you might say like whoa okay if
you're sliding right there then you're
only going to need to cut away the
center of the board
no because Darkseid's very commonly
shift over and not that the tables
giving me enough room a hour here it's
just over and you're hitting this okay
and you'll still wide it's okay so
you're going to want to take a good
chunk even up into the tail away and
you're going to want to go into about
maybe the inch and a half it will still
hit the grip tape as you can see look at
all this gross has been to this board
looks it still grips just fine for dark
slides it did the job so it'll start to
look very very horrible but you get used
to it and it still it still works but if
you notice like I took a healthy chunk
on both sides and on to the nose and
tail and if you wanted to you could even
cut away up here I've never messed with
that but now that I'm thinking about it
I probably will just a little bit
because that the nose is clearly sliding
on the surface so you don't want Krim
tape all the way up there some people go
to the extent of putting grips on their
nose and tail because that is where the
traditional dark slides that's where
your feet go
I personally endorse slides one here and
one here sometimes on the sloppiest guy
in the world and that literally landed
them on Mike's trucks let's get the
cutting it doesn't have to be the
prettiest thing and it with me doing it
it probably won't and if you're young
have your parents do this because razor
blades can cut your face off
literally they can literally cut your
face off if you wanted them to so watch
out I'm going to go over it again before
I peel it just to make sure it it is cut
all the way through the razor blade on
there and on peel
I just can't discuss it on so it's not
like really really stuck on here but
that looks good let's do it again on the
other side so about an inch and a half
right let's take these the deck dude
I've got six right here all you've been
doing is judging me you come to work and
usually did that look what Ryan now like
my friends was kidding we actually have
an amazing little family here work we
are very very lucky and actually we say
that like we're all very very very lucky
to be doing this which you know it took
a lot of hard work but so many people to
get in here but we're like working
within the skateboarding world so I
never thought that would give me a
possibility in life here we go good so
it's like it looks like an old school
then weird your table ugly little words
all right so now what I'm going to do is
I'm going to take a sliver off here but
not much because I like grip tape on my
nose okay and I'm not going to do it
down here with as much grip tape as I
took off I want the detail the pop
that's the main part that I want it so
this looks pretty good I think this is
going to be a fine job I load it pretty
cool like waiting about this gabled Ryan
I'm the person what happened that you're
replacing your old ones your old one
most like absolute garbage I know that
one that is he's actually making a
proper dark flyboard oh you did like
he's literally I thought you have got
even like angry one day and it's like
screw this and he like cut some pieces
off the side yeah that one was made to I
made this one thing is different I think
this might be wider - I do a little
wider on dark sides I think it's easier
on your feet to have a wider board
ka is 0.125 you are on point that you
are you're reversed like razor tailing
your tail yeah upside down raise your
tail hits the guy you got dorks good
idea I was good once engineer so I do
consumable anyway whether you drops off
that suck in you dark back let's do
something man
dark bank would I've seen it I'm gonna
do it
Brian's favorite thing to do is call a
Trixie wants to see all others are fat
but thank you one thing that just like
when you uh when you put the grip tape
on a skateboard is gorgeous we go around
and cut it we call it BAM beem yeah like
sand down the sides of your face so it
kind of sticks a little better and your
foots not get hit and rip it up or
anything let's go do dark side
he's bright yeah yeah yeah alright so
I'm going to dark slide it and give it a
whirl
first I'm gonna do he looked actually
that Sachs was trying to have a problem
with that but I made
then the first market many more to come
this could slide but sometimes it helps
just to do a little bit of wax on your
board which sounds terrifying sometimes
it is but just make sure you don't put a
lot
you didn't miss why oh you lose a lot
better in there clear that that is what
the end of the box does to your table
so good
dude I was going to screw the rule is
I've had knowledge I'm usually thinking
wow there you guys go
I'm happy I landed that now I'm going to
try to land one on the platform which
I've landed technically but it wasn't
that smooth so tomorrow if you see a
video pop up it says dark side rail it
means I landed into the video it's not
how I'm gonna skate and not have a good
time anyway thank you for watching this
video I hope you learned something from
item inspire you to go dark slide
something I would do a how-to darkside
video but I don't feel like I'm the best
example so maybe I'll get someone like
dark side bends me and do that on my
channel but either way if you want to
see more videos from me here subscribe
button I do daily videos so either way
I'll be seeing you tomorrow you guys
have a good day
that's it happy so let's just want to
cut back to yelling Brian put the other
good time yeah alright well yell Brian
goodbye you come to working is that you
did that look what Brian how much you
guys love your referee Bedford
you know Casey Brian are actually really
good do you just can't tell them out to
the feet because they're mean they're
nice mean and though they'll just make
funny back you know what we'll try this
broad bitch you Brian is like oh thanks
man you're cool too
something like that we'll do a test
about crying all right
hey your good news hey I was wrong maybe
he's more mean than he has nice to sit
back
