you see what is up guys it is a
day-in-the-life 55s we've been doing
this role haven't we but it is 7:50 a.m.
right now and I am on my way to work
this is one of the few days I do not
have to take my little guide to
preschool to start my day my wife has an
off day and she's doing it which is very
nice where thank you
Thank You wife this is exciting workday
because we just got a ton of brand new
skateboards in stock so I'll be able to
show this to you and getting some weird
high jinks at work so let's do that I'm
going to switch this car to drive and go
and you're drawing right if you think
I'm getting coffee and breakfast
sandwich all the way to work let's do
this why now you know I both would be
the devil
now you can't read that email true okay
alright so I'm about to clean my office
and get ready for the day but I'm gonna
go say what's up to the warehouse dude I
usually do that in the morning I try to
walk in at least say what's up
skateboards in how many do we get in Oh
like four thousand four thousand finger
for five four thousand dish look at that
one
Liu this traffic every board comes with
3d glasses too so you can look like this
cat hi
so then what ever told you you look like
Danny McBride no no one ever done in the
history is you yes indeed I can we put
3d glasses on this okay so supposedly
the 3d glasses really make this board
look like something we're going to a 3d
head oh my gosh chizel Pete you need a
hug thanks much I'm going to punch I'm
in a punch better yeah that does wow
that can't really comes out here yeah so
that's awesome JP you did a great job
okay whew where are you kakie you have
three seconds to jump as high and you
can I was so terrible private man that
was terrible it's so rainy outside
alright so I'm going to get down to it
and do some work I'm going to make a
list and I'm gonna try to rock through
it so you're not going to see much but
that's a good thing because it's just
going to skip toward the more
entertaining stuff for you meeting time
with JP Cooper's to discuss some new
pancake attack things right yes well I
think we are we gonna roll with bored
graphic again I'm falling for maybe four
and like a cat
oh yeah Cat Cat I don't know what a run
are you actually trying to sleep or are
you just hanging out oh you are okay it
is lunchtime finally I've been rocking
my list and I've got a couple things
left on it which won't be too bad but
I'm going to eat a single taco and four
chips and I'm going to watch some Parks
Recreation which I watched this series
like four times through the whole thing
I just can't get enough of it I've been
watching it again recently and it's been
good so let's enjoy life okay lunch is
done and I clean my death was boring
slowly looking worse and worse but
random enough I got a package from
on-delay which i don't think i've ever
talked to anyone from on delay they have
awesome packaging now look at the hot
sauce bottle with bearing now a bunch of
berries which is ironic enough because
Bronson just hit me up to like send me
Barry I don't actually have an official
berry sponsor so I don't feel bad about
getting both boxes these are super
nice-looking berries wild it's booty
rods but I don't maybe we'll start
hearing them either way I think Bronx
I'm supposed to my next set up so off to
hang out a second before I test these
out
thank you on delay I had no ideas from
there's no note
why whatever they like accidentally
sends them to me I don't know how they'd
get my address but now it is going to
skateboarding time and content creating
Oh usually how it works this in the
mornings we do all computer and
paperwork and then we skate and film
videos stuff in the afternoon and brines
I'm in here but I like it how are we
going to somewhere else one day so I'm
hoping to get some skating for you guys
for this video in right now and it's
raining like an idiot outside I'm going
to go walk out to my car and get my
board this is the first time back since
I refold my arm I didn't tell you guys
but a tool bar mount and that sucks not
as bad as the first time but I'm back
today it's going to be the test to see
if I should be back around but I'm going
to do it a tornado like a tornadoes feel
like a notice tall one a detailed salt
like ninja dosa no amount of tornado
whatever it's called I call it the
pickle blaster and we're going here I'm
gonna try that tomorrow
I literally was on the ledge like right
here
okay so that is done we form the
warehouse Wednesday as well so my time
for skating for this video was cut short
I'm going to get myself rounded up here
and go pick up right in from preschool
and then we go home and then I do
something oh yeah so for thousands
Airport so it was like why this whole
episode existed we're at the event
I just unveiled them all in the where
else Wednesday so they come out today
but we are fully stocked we've got so
many boards and this is one of my
favorite make sure I can get this down
I'm thinking about skating this one but
yeah this is the villain I guess I
should show you the others first the
comic series okay so yeah this is the
new of a pro deck and then there's a
random villain deck which is basically
Brian a mr. Brian's not bro
so you guys get to pick my next board
this is the joke just selfie - dude
Aaron Conners get everything man or
pizza
captain pizza and then there's the Swiss
which looks exactly like Johnny Tigers
of course his his pro neck but it looks
like him and then there's the villain
Brian aim I think this is what my
favorite these two are definitely my
favorite leave a comment below on which
one you guys want me to skate and I will
put this together as my next course he's
elite I know I need to leave but you put
far thousand skateboard for 4000
skateboards away very fast with Alex and
Casey needles Rogers so thank you fine
we're going to up into eight next time
how about that
alright the shelves look really pretty
though yeah so so we're fully stocked
and I'm going to go home now you suck
rain
we're getting rid of a lot of stuff
right in new playroom you got rid of a
lot of stuff that's all you know people
get him way too much birthday and
Christmas like wait when he plays with
us for like four years
he just doesn't have stuff I don't want
to have this much time and then we got
Shep Jeffries got a new hook up ready
there yes hey buddy
say hi to YouTube all right all right
oh he is so psyched
boom he's eating so it is Lego time and
we're going to build one of these riding
with water I'm going to build the
spider-man on this carnage in it this is
amazing
how is your school day ha si have a good
day you're gonna build all the dudes
okay
I'll start on the vehicles in one day I
should show you the bigger Ian maximum
carnage that's so good look we did it
alright so yeah we have a blood a few
LEGO sets left over from his birthday
which just happened last month we
haven't put together in this one has a
helicopter maximum carnage spider-man
walkthrough spider-man you need to stop
terrorizing the city
uh yeah bragging wrong oh no the fan
attack whoa Oh
got it spider-man go boys ah the bad
guys did bad guys just win no you know
what I'm gonna come in and I'm gonna go
like this I just dropped him on his head
he's done you are what pokemons in there
oh nothing you gotta go catch one oh
yeah
first you guys clean up though yes and
yes if it is really dice or poop that is
weird eyes genuine dinosaur poop yeah
you got that yeah
here great you got a good condition so
many jokes should be made my gosh
alright get inside we are going to get
in close for this guy and then we are
going to eat mom has been busy cleaning
all day this is her spring break from
grad school and she has been cleaning
all day so we're getting out of the
house and we're going to go get a meal
at a restaurant
it is the grossest day in the world
we're at the mall we got some geese
right did you know these kids can be
mean
if you like you what do you like Pokemon
do you like to pay I love your face
let's go dig into clothes hey buddy
could you wear it as a hat maybe looks
great that looks so good you find
yourself
we got bags of clothes for you yeah
let's do it so that's what I realized
who the crab and not a human how excited
are you that we're gonna hibachi all
right let's go safely hey grab a hand
you're in a parking lot dude
it's dinnertime here's red space way
dude you totally is I can get in get
food I'm pretty sure no pirate has never
been able to juggle I don't want I'm not
a pirate
you fell asleep with sunglasses on well
look who woke up I'm Chyna your
Charizard
okay you go before we put you to bed you
want play Mega Man X Q Wow all right let
me put those in a safe place okay let's
go dude got it we got it yeah
be careful dude problem oh my gosh
okay so raden is in PJ's and I'm
bringing this a day in life to a close
thank you guys for hanging out for this
one it was just a standard Cincinnati
one but I was in Vegas for the last one
so I was okay with doing a normal one
and I hope you guys enjoyed it I had fun
today and definitely check out the
spring line for revive that is at the
shred course calm it's up for sale
officially if you're watching this video
and then ride and I'll show you an owl
apparently but I do videos here every
single day so hit the subscribe but if
you want to see more from me and I will
see you tomorrow
not sure what tomorrow is but I'll be
making a video that's it you want to say
goodbye to YouTube by asking oh you just
got an Alkesh YouTube all right I'm
gonna put this guy to bed and keep my
office I love you alright hey why don't
you act like you use the Force on the
owl you really did that well good job
all I know anyway any went here do it to
you to make the outro come out
oh my gosh so I walked in here I'm about
to skate and we lost light I'm not gonna
build a skate I'll I'm skating the dark
I know the power will not do to the rain
what's going to happen
are you circus right now it's extremely
sarcastic it's her life oh what's that
oh you really thought that they went out
there emerge those are on the emergency
lighting yeah what I'm pretty sure those
are like coaches number four yeah those
just don't turn off I'm pretty sure
there's always on yeah so take that Ryan
