YouTube what's up guys so I'm about to
do an unboxing when the Nintendo switch
and supposedly the game cartridges taste
bad so kids don't swallow them and I'm
going to make my kid do it but he
doesn't know him do it
this right here this is the other game I
got a bundle from Gamestop game of Zelda
they came with one to switch in a game
anyone been released so they'll send it
to me eventually I guess all right so
let's open this up and ride in this is
the only time I'm ever going to ask you
this I want you to put a video giving
your mouth okay I like how you didn't
ask why you're just like okay that makes
sense dead alright so do not swallow
this I just want you to put it on your
tongue and tell me what you think about
it a cake put your face right here okay
open your mouth how do you feel good
kinda a Marvel I'm going to hold on we
wipe it off let me get over here
oh okay so what they did is because
these are so tiny oh my gosh
ooh don't blink my arm oh this is way
grosser than I thought it was going to
be so they made these taste bad so kids
don't like put them in their mouth and
accidentally swallow them which is kind
of a brilliant idea because if you are
our parents or you're around kids you
know they will put stuff in their mouth
he's five he's kind of over them back
yes he's a little ordered that he knows
better now so he's not going to do it
but wow that is disgusting that's really
disgusting
oh yeah the worst thing is that the
taste is not leaving my mouth at all
like I do not want to do that again it's
kanga here put it in there you want to
again you know dude again what oh my
gosh wow you are great kid okay no no no
no I'm not doing it
this is going to be interesting you know
what is up guys today I am unboxing the
Nintendo switch yes I am a huge
attentive fan ever since I was a kid I
suppose about my son's age actually when
I was about 5 I got my first NES I've
had every single to send up system since
then pretty much every single one except
Super Nintendo and NES I had since day
one I got the very first launch day and
the switch was no different I was in
line last night and I grabbed one so
today we're going to do an unboxing with
it I'm gonna have my son ride and help
me out with this I don't do a lot of
unboxing on my channel but since I'm
such a Nintendo fan I make it a point to
do it with every console so here we go
are you ready to open this thing up like
I know how to open it up gotta open it
you do yes we are well no not right now
let's moved over here hey be a burl fat
oh wow you flew into a window didn't you
alright here's the front of the box the
side of the box and ok maybe this is the
frontal box
it's a either way whatever you put here
appeal that's the back of the box here's
the front of the box the side of the box
see it and then the bottom of the box
here's a bunch of writing that literally
no one will ever read what are you gonna
read a writing you should read the
health and safety information before
setup or use of your system literally
nobody does that not saying you
shouldn't but I'm saying no one really
does it but it does have a diagram of
what it comes with so it has the
Nintendo switch console it has the joy
the left joique on the right joy con
which are these joy con straps so you
know you don't just throw it across the
room and it hit your kid in the face
right we don't want that now a HDMI cord
it comes with the dock it comes with a
grip so you put the joy cons and
actually have a controller and then it
comes with an AC adapter so let's us
unbox this alright dude that's kind of
cool so it has a little setup which
probably means it doesn't have
instructions I'm calling it right now
these are your instructions
if you have any other problems use the
internet like every other normal person
the world and if you're not normal
it's okay done Ton Ton Ton Ton Ton Ton
Ton Ton right away oh my gosh ok here's
the system here are the joy cars but
this joy con is a lie this is like I
don't know how how well it comes across
in the footage but this is like pink
let's look on the front right
this what color is this right what color
is this what thank you
I'm very mad Barrington yeah really I
mean I don't I don't mind a pink joy con
but I would have much rather had the
reddish looking one than in the picture
let's keep unboxing this so here is the
actual system it's pretty much like an
iPad you know I mean like all it is is
this right here the system so it's crazy
how technology is came and we'll open
that up later let's keep going
alright oh oh there okay I thought there
was actual instructions there's health
and safety information that we
apparently should read here is the HDMI
cord can bubble outside that's true all
wrong you like it do you like into Wow
we have your AC adapter which is nice
because it actually has like the wall
part of the AC adapter which usually
they started putting these in the
systems this is how they did back in the
day with like this one in Tendo in Super
Nintendo so it kind of feels retro here
are those strap things right so I
probably won't use these but if you're
afraid of throw in your joy count across
the room use this here's another one
what is this right in control
yeah well so you slide the joy comes in
and then you you have like a normal
feeling controller and then right here
is the dock I believe oh there we go yep
and it is the switch dock so your switch
goes right in there and charges the
cords right here are organized to the
back which kind of keep it nice and neat
and clean there is that's everything in
the box let's go back to the couch and
talk about it okay
but let's hold some of this and tell you
how it feels here are the joy con they
are tiny okay at first it kind of scared
me I have a pro controller so I'm going
to use that more often than not but it's
not the worst thing in the world I kind
of wish the joystick was over here but
the fact that you get two of them and
they can be used as two separate
controllers just like Rison can have one
right and then I can have one it's
pretty awesome I personally I don't know
why that I like the blue one better I
think it's because I like the joystick
farther left I like you said okay get
their point point oh yeah
you're used to the Wii Remote like that
right what it does they do slide in this
holder here like this which makes it way
more comfortable turns it into like a
more traditional controller
looks kind of funny but the fact that
they include this is pretty awesome
because they didn't have to this is
totally something that I feel like they
could charge 15 and 20 bucks for people
would still buy I don't know why they
would but intend to include it so thank
you what is the best-case scenario and
directly to the system frightened before
I do this could you please be a dolphin
it just kind of looks like you're doing
like a 90s dance and it's gone yeah yeah
you were not alive tonight okay so here
is the switch this is the console it all
fits into here this is a 720 screen but
when you put it in the dock and send it
to the TV because this is a fully mobile
system or you can play it on your TV
something what video game should have
done a long time ago it's 7:20 on the
screen and then if you have a 1080 TV
it'll go to 1080 so if you're not you'll
get your full HD power buttons up here
it's kind of small at first I was like I
feel like that should be bigger but this
is a mobile system it's kind of nice
that you're not actually going to press
it and it'll so bubble pops up like you
want to turn your system all no I don't
then there's a volume button up and down
the game card slot is over here and it's
tiny because the game cartridges are
very time I'm really excited that we
went back to cartridges you don't care
because you're 5 I don't care about
anything you you don't care about me and
mom now is that right no exactly yeah I
got care look back about boxes that's a
weird thing to say and most kids love
boxes you don't like playing in a big
box
alvaro exactly do you care about a lot
stuff ok there's also a headphone jack
and then a little ventilation for things
so the system does not get too hot on
the back we have an arm that comes out
in case you want to just relax and lay
it back and watch your game and you
knows you can play on an external
controller but what I like best about
this is because I travel a lot so this
is going to be so cool for me to be able
to play on a plane this is really cool
ok
this makes the joy Khan's feel way more
comfortable I don't know why it just
feels more comfortable than this thing
if I'm not playing this on my TV with a
program or I'm going to be playing it
like this I do travel a lot so this will
come in super convenient and they sell
really convenient small travel cases
that you put all your games in there and
everything and also that charges with
USB see this is what kind of like people
are moving to towards now and my tech
sponsor Ankur they sell external
batteries that lasts a long time and I
will totally be able to charge
my Nintendo switch off of my portable
battery for my tech sponsor so you guys
want to check that out I'll put the the
anchors link down below it's a great
company I back it even if they didn't
sponsor me I would be in love with this
company and for this it's going to work
awesomely here's the dock it slides in
here just like this but there's the port
at the bottom like I just said and it
connects and charges and then when you
put it in this and knows like a play it
on the TV it sends it to the TV at the
corporatization it's very small it won't
take up that much space on your
entertainment center or whatnot so it
looks nice these also come in gray by
the way so if you didn't want a colorful
thing especially if you have like a more
modern looking entertainment center you
can get grey it'll look more normal so
that is it hope you guys dug it that is
so funny how bad those tasted and he
wants to do it again so I'll let you do
it again okay alright give me it give me
it spit spit it out ah
alright well lesson learned
don't need a video game I do videos here
every single day I do a lot of
skateboarding like lifestyle vlog II
stuff and do a lot of videos with him so
if you want to see more of hit the
subscribe button and I appreciate it and
to everyone who's going to talk trash oh
you're probably everyone who's going to
talk trash on Nintendo and antenna
system grow up my gosh I don't know why
people are so territorial over video
games I have a ps4 I play that too
you know what if you have an xbox
awesome go play your Xbox have fun and
play whatever you like when I see people
doing this on the internet literally it
makes me feel like people are like
arguing over like you got a brown cat my
cat is black with gray stripes dude
punch away better you get a light go get
a better cat you have a gerbil you're
kidding me out of a hamster you don't
know anything about having pets it's
like the stupidest thing in the world so
uh there's my little rant but either way
play what you like have fun I love this
end of games the best out of anything
that's why I'm really excited about this
system so that's it I hope you guys have
a great day riding what do you want for
dinner
Hey look eat some remote controls this
is TV no you don't want to do that I
better get one you are not going to do
that I'm asking you're not going to do
it what you did I think I can kill us
yes you did you fell into hay right I
love you
I'm gonna go play our play alright have
fun let her go
thanks for watching
my wife put these rabbits on the mantel
because easter is coming up and I think
they look super creepy looks good you
don't get it oh and why are you guys so
separate from the other one oh my gosh
that one just moved
