you sure what is up guys so you asked
for it and here it is the hot seat
montage okay it is the first one I've
never done this but I can tell you one
thing I make my friends look pretty
stupid in this and it's going to be
weird weird and awesome it's gonna be so
awesome so I hope you enjoyed this
without further ado here's the first
ever hot seat montage watch it
Ryan chambers you are in hockey okay so
how would you feel if a supermodel tried
to hug you I would rather give us time
to Abraham Akash any there's a week so
right now yeah what would you do if you
found a lost puppy try to kick it away
inside you you know how you feel would
you make out with a cat yes you would do
that I would do that
you want to be that more excited about
it ah be super hyped now let's do the
crap out of that it's late at night and
you're feeling weird
what do you cover your body head to toe
it to face in court legs
alright if you had to go back in time
and rename yourself you guys to choose
it not your mom what would you name
yourself I'd go a tiny wiener commander
for sure that's the one that's step one
the one arm another one okay it is
midnight and a craving for food it hits
what's the first food that you go to
must recover turning alright John tell
me what is your ideal night at home the
perfect night playing with Sam Faber
cleanly finger would you rather fly your
own x-wing or make out with four Jawad's
John really yeah
do you really mean that yeah okay all
right Casey if you could rub anything
all over your body what would it be
gel on hot really
yeah where would you do that in my
fridge it if you won 1 million dollars
what would the first thing you would
want to do so would be stare around
chambers make it for 15 seconds
hey Brian yeah if you could hug someone
for 30 minutes straight who to be moms
yes if you were to kiss a girl don't you
do it
gosh I don't know all right how you
feeling
regu Brian if you found yourself cold
naked and afraid' on the street at night
what's the first thing you want to do
like Johnny my game is good okay
well says the simple question Brian come
on look at me look at me right now how
many bottles of mayonnaise would you eat
for $10 like for that that's it for
definitely four okay get out of here so
you have a top five list of ways to get
tickled what is your right now what
would be your favorite way to get
tickled what's next the second one
Brian's playing a baffle mustard okay
okay if it was the worst day of your
life what would you be doing I've been
camping many many times if you're a
diaper what color would it be red all
right I'm going to say two words and
here's say the first thing that comes to
mind a few words are girls and kiss run
away all right the question is if you
had to ride a bike for five minutes or
eat a plate of nachos naked in Times
Square go with the nachos obviously I
don't like go with the notches naked no
go with the nachos you know for sure so
how many pairs of earrings do you own
for yourself
five five my mother she's over there
okay you're at a slumber party you're
all in your PJs what's the first thing
you and your friends do for fun brush
sandpapers teeth that would be it yeah
okay you are sitting inside your crush's
room alone with her and she wants to
kiss you what do you do inside that room
walk out of it quick and easy question
what's the first thing you're going to
do on Christmas P and s you was not what
I expected 100% no question P
issue I want to talk to our something
eating today 45 okay I want you to think
back on your first kiss what was the
first thought that pop in your head dude
Elton John peeing on the couch
like anything anyway there you guys go
so I hope you like that as I filmed this
I have not added a story I hope it came
out entertaining if you did like what
you saw go down there and give this
video a thumbs up and let me know and
I'll start saving up for another hot
seat montage I would like to say thank
you to all my friends who continuously
kid in the seat and let me make them
look really dumb and silly and goofy and
whatnot they're they think it's
hilarious too so yeah I'm not going to
tell you how I do this but if you think
about think about it you probably
understand how I create these clips it's
really not hard at all it's very simple
stuff I love doing it with fall Fridays
you know it's like a five-second skate
ball and I got to turn into entire
YouTube videos so I like to make a goofy
light-hearted fun and that's just one of
the ways that I try to liven up these
videos I see a lot of people get on here
like you know you could have stopped the
video at 10 seconds like why are you on
YouTube to watch 10 10 you Instagram
there you go you watch all the 10-second
Clips you want so yeah I try to make it
Opie I try to like just review it and
goof off and talk about it so stay tuned
I do videos here every single day so
you'll get you'll get to view selling
this you get skating you'll get to skate
balls you get a lot of stuff I do
whatever I think is entertaining in my
life I make a video on it so if you want
to see more hit the subscribe button and
I would truly appreciate that I'll be
back tomorrow with I'm a day-in-the-life
coming out and then the next fall Friday
is actually going to be a stupid slam
compilation that I'm that of all time I
think getting all of the certain type of
slams on my channel so I started my
channel so it'll be a huge funny
compilation watch out for it but then
I'll keep doing fall fridays as i'd
normally do and that is it I hope you
guys have a great rest of your day and
I'm going to go I will see you tomorrow
I think I can fit this in my mouth well
news flash I'm not going to try so
you'll never know
