what what does it doesn't hit you really
hard man
James truck Wow hi have your camera yeah
I noticed that what's up I bet I can
scare you I bet you can't scare me
I am scaring you right now you're doing
come with me so don't be scared already
this is like it's every YouTube video
that's um that was a magic tree we're in
heaven why why so brightly that why is
it so bright you see my eyes Stan throw
this door you hit me with something you
see like I'm on like close your eyes now
it's getting scary turn to the right
just close my eyes
they're closed don't ever point down at
my face again maybe no daddy
that's scary yes overbought this debate
a good decision those things are amazing
this is probably like not a good thing
to have it shred quarters though yeah
clearly we're children all right but we
have to shoot it yeah that's it Brian by
this yeah you guys right hit the
dumpster how does such a good idea I
can't tell you the last time I shot a
slingshot I died Kevin Kevin whoa you
went over it that went flying what a
channel my inner Bart Simpson I'm hoping
to learn from your mistakes and do this
first track probably here's a big one
good know you're late you really like
shop good dude get out of my face
so sick
yeah I'm gonna be even yeah somewhere
out there things you want to switch all
history yeah
that was really good now is a really
good
didn't even go over it Oh
all right vessels since you're hurt you
can't skate I'm gonna do a very quick
pop quiz okay not even pop quiz the
interview okay how's life been without
skateboarding yeah it's very sad
depressing imagine that well at home I
guess so what do you do instead I play
video games no guardian Zelda oh good
play Mario Kart good one yeah I've been
watching a lot of movies what movies
bless you Sola story or so good you know
it's super good I've seen twice and the
hawk cousins yes The Hulk wasn't it
all right the best part about being on a
skate team just hanging out with all the
people going on the stage of camaraderie
the camaraderie you gotta use that that
game word whatever you can fit it in
camaraderie okay what's the worst part
about being on a skate team yeah but you
can do that without being on a skate
team albeit without getting the skate
everybody yeah okay fair enough huh
not when they point a slingshot your
face because that just happened to me
it's pretty bad too like I open my eyes
well threatening year to put your face
in muddy water yeah you were paranoid
about that that's what your next
Wednesday is okay guy like pimples over
yes and how you wouldn't though we can't
wait to bring you back dude thanks we
should do her event Wow we should do a
revived bio on you that's it coming soon
yeah that was great look
Wow
another trick that's how you do it he
just did the first try and now I'm off
the hook I don't gonna film for an hour
it's amazing we father's a car coming
sorry we both hit rocks at the same time
yes I didn't show you all the tries but
that was literally an uphill battle I
was good I didn't
what that was it did you come out I know
you straight but did you was that a
Smith the whole time technically yeah
we got some skateboards in let's let's
uh you slid on one yeah just look at
this one okay now I mean the bottom of
it no just look at it I can see it and
you see it yeah oh it's a cruiser and
yeah look at that look at that I could
cruise around on that cruise that boom
you just broke the lid off the canticle
I don't know cuz all I know it's coming
out next week okay so yeah in one week
March 3rd at midnight so like the the
night of the second Friday when it
switches over to Saturday Eastern
Standard Time we have a new spring line
coming out if you pay attention to the
where else Wednesday this upcoming week
you will see all of the product unveiled
the Shrike orders calm
do it hey use your legs you can do this
in flat response
oh he could jump up there I was your
child to blue ribbons if student no yeah
neither is Earl
you disappoint me the saddest moment in
any of my videos ever
yeah look at vestal hey what happened to
you I my ankle in three different places
you're in tour two ligaments
