YouTube what is up guys so I went to a
trickshot video it's been a second since
I've done something of that nature and I
thought just simple putt-putt golf trick
shots we have a skatepark here and we
should be utilizing it kind of like a
public works literally we can make a
putt-putt course we got some we got some
things dude and dudette that was let's
start this let's all do some basic putts
so we can teach yourself how to golf
I'll jump we crushed it in Arizona this
guy's actually a pro I heard you
actually crushed it last time I have a
complex video on my channel you should
check out this guy Silva them yeah yeah
yeah I'm wanting to beat in a while on
it's a good way I have this thing this
is like a ball return seeing just do
putts in your house take the batteries
out so we'll be able to walk over and
verify that we actually made it what
happens we just hit the back and bounces
out then you suck and yeah do it again
right yeah I was really hoping I did
that first three dry running speed then
you know it's like this come on Brian
first try right here I'm gonna buy you a
slushie hanging really is gonna do it
first try no no no he's not
ah just kiddin me all right Brian
officially taking more time with me
first
good
now the yuning is up next can you do
first run out like that look at him he
literally to the first run this was he
just took took Brian and I and just just
threw it away
alright would be proud good I'm proud of
you I'm not your dad but it was hit it
off this onto it come on about how it's
going to work this is so awkward to
stand up here like what
I kill over all right this one is for
everyone to meditation minestrone yes oh
I kind of like it
oh we can get there people oh you did it
I would like to thank the place next to
the comedy store in LA that give us a
really good hamburgers delicious thing
all right Brian into it I'm gonna rock
piggy up ball to piggy ball to fake ball
to pay off all the things all helmet
come on back
before creating a new pixel in the
background have to Bob Barker this okay
just tap it in there's Bob Barker
messing no it's not they just kind of
I'm gonna look it up you get all the way
go glass lien get way back down don't
you
that's going in that's going it yes yes
don't get Alex be eating is up have fun
buddy is not easy this is called where
am i shooting oh just kidding there is
ready it's the first try okay the odds
of that you well you know it so easily
with under that wow that was awesome
hold it this is probably not going to
happen trick if you do it first struggle
while it is going surprisingly straight
how does that not hurt
let's go let it let her go let it stop
so please google catch on but I was not
this point tells you what we give it one
can see life don't push on
come on come on come on we show it show
it
let's be
this is really me give no idea how long
that took
oh that was over an hour starts building
this was 11 o'clock at 10 o'clock in the
morning is now new so I got one it's
gonna be easy compared to year here we
go this is a roller coaster shop it's
going to suck
no one knows morse most fun for me I
like that one
how we gotta get Alex to do he had some
crazy the journey continues
this one's gonna be way worse than yours
okay well you might not land there you
go great you crazy what it's going to be
a drop in the bank get off that go down
with bang what's been laying over there
do you think make me think so some
people are like yeah I feel for like the
mini main works at peewee the peewee
league and trying to win that one than
somebody like you know I'm gonna win the
high school you I was like you know what
I'm gonna try to win the City League
he's like I'm going to go for the
Olympics this is like a full-on skate
park shot you already have it go a
couple banks the bank
it literally carved a card in it I don't
know how to field on anything like they
were horrible
oh my gosh I was so what I see literally
next try carved it and then just made it
if you look bad you didn't back off is
that's the only we're not when I saw now
the only way this was going to go in
your big hit song yeah course correct
let me see that
hold on hold on we're gonna add a
punching convict fish got it you know
made this video actually are both of
your shots were fantastic fact both of a
really good over so this guy is
channeled it's down he and so and Brian
Ames actually working on right now
that's why it's not in the shot he's
editing a video both their channels were
right down there they made this video my
chops were pretty easy the person was
kind of are down wasn't that bad
subscribe to their channels but I do
daily videos here so hit that button to
subscribe one for me and then yeah she's
marketed daily videos you do don't you I
do and if you guys like this give it a
thumbs up let us know in the comments
and we'll do another one because it
literally was it was literally like a
mini golf there's a lot of fun so we'd
be happy to do again but up that's easy
we will see you in the future
what you say I was there he sent me out
here the hell's in here and I look down
I was like he is are we an insolence I
was dared up now I was what I should
convince but I the ones of this doesn't
make sense without we get hit yeah but
I'm all out of sound effect it and so
does it guys K this you be great one
good job you later
you
