well I'm here where else Wednesday geez
that a hard time do nothin I really want
to push you into that water I'm so glad
you do not push me there's water
everywhere Brian yeah all day I'm
slipping away from you oh oh my gosh oh
my gosh Katie I thought you just walk it
up why he what is he doing
always doing my gosh good okay we're
here hey what are we doing we are doing
nothing of this challenging time today
we are just telling you guys about the
new spring line coming out which is my
favorite line of revive skateboards that
we've ever ever made hands-down the best
on favors really really good were
indicted and everyone shocked out look
why don't get where else Wednesday you
are new to this because this is what
we've done the dawn of time we've always
done large warehouse Wednesday's on
watch weeks so let's go do it give in it
we're going to skate to don't worry
about that look at this SK yeah and your
zippers lately right it's always I can
make it in their kitchen no audit mail
is short it is like not even down at all
that's honest we're entering you're not
like all right hey we're here inside
what are you doing you're not going to
do that well you almost did it gone I
wanted to drink that by the way it's
like staggering how much crap is not
stealing the fruit everything you are
about to see comes out this Saturday
Friday night as soon as it strikes over
to Saturday Eastern Standard Time that's
when this comes out so get hyped
everybody jumps in product let's just
jump right in
don't jump on to it right three no cats
not one okay so we haven't Esther we
have the 3d glasses really it actually
works
oh okay board really works yeah it is 3d
a little bit though I mean I have a look
at that one how does it already script T
this is 3d scripting which I said we
should name it script but he was like no
we gotta call it script T no scripts no
it's a little fun it's just like it's
all iCarly so scripty so that's what
this is showing three tricks there's
this long sleeve e come along this is
this is a 3d long sleeve e baseball team
yeah there you go that works just
beautiful yeah you are dude I wore it
yesterday so graffiti like one if you
like spider-man this has nothing to do
with it but it is a graduated better
manage yeah I feel like this could be
spray-painting on spider-man comics like
wall JPD nails is JP Cooper did pretty
much everything
overall came with me this three emblems
this was more significance here a moment
yes this is the comma key
it's the here of you here we the hero
team hero key here which is from the
show heroes like hero the blue and the
main character do it's the best name
that skateboards want to go accessories
next there's not many accessories let's
do this well you have here I got some
stickers sticker real 3d cat figures you
get four of these in one sticker pack
you're going to get our hand stickers
for five bucks if that is that's for Kat
D two of the graffiti like one two three
of the hero stickers too from hero from
three hood of the three scripts and then
the script is a little lanyard
a little bit nicer Langer's in our last
my line which is to have a pet lamb this
would fit on his neck
I have controls this one you would
control the last one I think I did a
better job well II mean like as far as
the selection is the selection lanyard
split more saw yours was plastic that
left my increased solid metal one middle
am too
I think this one went to the lam I just
said that one more so if you're the kind
of a person I would actually want a
lanyard in the first place it's a great
option
sure okay you put that you put your keys
on it you'd sling it around you'd hit
people with a bathroom key here's one
organized person's nightmare but they
really are nice in fact okay my
mother-in-law got my wife a pack of
socks and she didn't know they're
mismatched like it was like my hair's of
socks and none of them matched it was
internally intentionally and she
couldn't take it at her daughter had
that so she just bought her another pair
and now now she's a matching nightmare
on oat Street not Christmas before
nightmare what he taught my mother no
rules by the way she has the best
jellybeans at Easter makes great ham
Chris ham yeah he's never Hampshire with
pineapples on your head bad huh it's
good I didn't know that until you know I
got with my my wife's family pretty good
great anyways oh yeah we're talking
about sock you get to talk sorry get a
blue one and a red one so look at them
okay just keep attention feet spring out
at you oh yeah oh yeah
revived logo right here blue sock read
graphic red sock blue graphic I feel
like that could be a new trend because
you know how people like teenagers like
to go and like stuff with their hands
like likes a histogram okay that crap
mismatched socks is the next set it
could be right there notes like this
dances it's very simple and they're
called like the birch like oh man that
goes burped and over there
we're past the shirts we're passing
accessories now we're on to the
skateboard skateboards three strips
that doesn't work ah too bad what is a
beautiful script graphic with a
readiness I love you how well it does
it's probably so weird on YouTube I
translated in it three glasses really do
do something do do yeah you guys are
actually the three guys actually work in
about it yes so when you're wearing
these like the graphic just like it's
like this here and then it's just like
here each one's more exactly going to
come with her 3d glasses yes so that is
the kicker because if you didn't listen
to him what you might not have these
boards come with a pair of 3d glasses
and although with this work with the 3d
can't really show a 3d on the news how's
it look it's insane how much it pop I
actually put the dirty glass on this
morning what data in this pot like the
cat faces that was crazy
like so you'll get a pair of glasses
with this one as well many of you didn't
listen to me
high focus 3d boards will come with para
quest
yeah wasn't it what's that Brian if you
like trust Beauty lifeline or looks so
good actually it has some 3d there's a
way where it really your desserts are
wearing those everywhere I on the
warehouse guys think like this traffic
the most yeah you know I think it's like
it looks a lot like the agent lifeline
just more punch in the page I do I agree
it's great a thing I like it yeah well
the ones we had coming off were just out
of control
oh they're literally they're little
indictment here because they were so out
of control we couldn't keep them here
I can't even decide which one looks the
best well Karen freakin skate everything
man this is a comic series it is calm
exterior we have revived Comics presents
Aaron Kairos skate everything man and
he's skating himself he's dead in the
process cuz that would kill him it would
I mean we're lucky right now that they
put the people at the bolts my criteria
I'm very good coaching I like that what
is that justice is the escape a little
bit a little thing just kind of a good
little thing oh it does look like a face
Casey you're right
oh my god forget dogs captain pizza
yeah Doug Lola Doug Jessen tell us is
literally waking up and smiling right
now Doug was a happy boy when I turned
on this graphic was it yeah we I thought
we did not consult the pros on this
before we made them and I just showed
them to him if you're done and I go yeah
you got this pro model yeah you happy
JP couvert and what's the last one
Jonnie Jonnie it looks like so much like
John Doe Fanta gosh I don't know Johnny
wear shorts work like that it looks good
those are this fabric right there this
is underwear out sizes are you thinking
his red skin if you look at it as either
red skins it looks like you've got like
a red bodysuit on with white short
shorts on top of it I'm imagining under
underwear I think that's my favorite of
the three dogs but no offense Doug
enarans I like dog this is super sick
though oh we do have another one which
was totally my idea I'll talk to you
about it early it is my idea we made a
comic series and I was like yeah this is
nice and almost no one cares were the
good guys everyone's a good bad guy so I
was like let's make a villain board
let's make a Brian Brian you're not pro
I'm not pro so just everyone in the
world to think that he's not but uh I
think probably lose the grill and beard
the beard of truck yeah if you look so
embarrassed grabbing so we are really
excited of all these I want to thank JP
Coover's Ryan chambers for making this
JP made most of it the Ryan did make
some of the 3d stuff so it comes out
this Saturday on Friday night as soon as
it clicks over to Saturday in Eastern
Standard Time which is here in
Cincinnati it is going to be out the
Shred course comm watch out for it and
then it'll be hidden skate shop soon too
so if your skate shop even caring and
just ask them and they can hit us up and
that's it we're really excited about it
and there's a link right down there if
you just wanna click it'll take you to
the store and also the new teaser came
out for the full length take over the
world
which is coming out in June so the link
will be the urge at the end of this
video okay so check all that out but
we're going to skateboard for a few
seconds here and that's it we'll be back
to our normal antics nowhere else
Wednesday next week is going to be week
I don't know oh you I am the other hype
of your channel sure
oh good
Oh
so there you guys go we didn't have a
ton of time to skate so hope you guys
enjoyed the few tricks that we landed
but yeah super excited for the season
guys thank you so much for your ongoing
and diehard support it truly means a lot
is it raining again my gosh okay
whatever but uh this Saturday the Shred
core is that common when it goes down so
thank you so much like it's right down
there and that's it
no never mind I'll do something crazy
but now I'm not
Brian thinks he's doing something
different for intro but he's really
getting pranked we're getting on are you
ready yeah all right going to it go and
about it
yep so why your kicks only on me like
that girl waterfall at you are you too
worried to dress him Ryan get out of
those out how you want to do this it
would have been stupid either way you
should have nailed him I like it well
here yay nailed me up here a camera is
not the way that they're supposed to
start at all right now
he didn't say it he's gonna waters
warehouse Wednesday you're going to go
in we're going to go in Scott I must go
ahead not nothing great did I get just
like the redness right here is where you
actually hit me so there's two entrances
this time because we're doing aerial it
didn't look cool - here's your bonus
clip so there is that inter that we
didn't use but I do want to remind you
that the teaser to take over the world
our next full-length video is a right at
the screens about to change in the link
right there on the right that will take
you there so check it out guys peace out
