there are two bad guys from the Galactic
Empire that you have to take down I know
it seems an evil Gatorade and Darth Pooh
okay you gotta hit them with your proton
torpedoes are you ready all right ones
right there go yes
this outer usually what's up so I was
trying to film a certain segment for
this video but I can't find it could
advise what I needed so I guess that's
not happening this and I'm going to
leave it a mystery so you guys are
always wondering what was I talking
about
I'll make it happen eventually though
what a dumb way to begin a video how are
you guys doing hey we're going what are
we doing today are you go with us I'm
creating and this guy is setting up some
podcast stuff but do you want to hear us
podcast in general links right down
there we talked about dirty tub it's for
any situation so he can't be super
psyched on all of it and it definitely
is enough to raise an eyebrow what's
going on this guy got the two clips
yesterday and we're about to leave and
hopefully more cool stuff I was about to
leave to go skate but then my wife got
her card declined my last been riding
her they're gonna have a picnic by
themselves apart
she couldn't buy foods I'm running over
to give it a funny old fat and then I'm
going to go skateboard but that is cool
I get to see riding real quick buddy
what yeah you knew that YouTube is here
yeah sorry yeah are you doing
okay you going to Park job picnic yeah
Atlantica I wish I could I got to go
film for the revive video you have
marker all over you with your hands show
YouTube your hand you can stay on there
buddy oh come here
I'm so jealous you're gonna have so much
fun on your picnic hmm I love you Ronnie
yeah say about YouTube I scare ya know
the good luck good luck Sam on your
tricks and last am lying check if I can
my love year now Katherine oMG - oh
you're sweet buddy
whoo it is windy uh should we make the
effort yeah we probably shouldn't you
answer them I did a 50-50 great yeah
Katie we'd like to get a word from you
not you this guy up here you are you're
in you're in burn broke his ankle
yesterday I'm just standing here and
they're just landing it - all you're
getting really terrible angle there's a
dumbest trick guilty today or pants I'm
not sure which
you got the MVP for the year for the
YouTube video at least oh yeah by the
way this place has an incredible view we
then it's just asking for John Hill to
be here I financed the ashcan
I'm out of here yeah good luck with it
good luck with you here now yeah there
you go so I have to take off because I
have to go to Toys R Us it's literally
the reason why so a turbo choice I'm
video I was filming it and it broke like
we got a broken toy it didn't break it
came broken so how do you go throws R Us
and get that finish this turbo toy time
video and then you hang off riding
because it's about that time of day
here we are I actually love this store
so much when I walk in it's the same toy
store that I used to go through when I
was a kid and when I walk in it still
like smells the same way and I just feel
like a little dude again but I got this
game off of the internet so I'm hoping
this place has it but either way yeah at
least I'll feel like I'm seven again if
that's a cool thing to feel they had it
right there awesome so now let's go home
I'm going to put riding up some carpet
board training weave that carpet board
in awhile I know you guys want this
video to keep going so let's go do it
what are you doing you got candy didn't
you are you good what so you were really
good today clearly if you got a bunch of
candy right here I stick it on your
coffee what did your mama that wha what
you stood on the carpet
you clean it up
good he vacuumed so yeah the game the
brook was toilet trouble which he came
that our toilets courage in the face of
water and so what I'll do is I'll
actually upload this at the same time so
as this video with live toilet trouble
with live over on turbo toy time which
I'll put the link at the end of this
video so you can check it out turbo toys
are done right how fun was that yeah
yeah here's Hot Wheel track hey alright
we're about to go downstairs to do the
car boarding but first here's a cat just
laying in the Sun do the flip make it
flip buddy bangerang peter and just like
that my day yesterday changed real fast
we had like a family outing I thought we
had time to carve but we didn't so today
is the next day this guy does not want a
cardboard anymore he wants to do what
right ride your bike Wow
alright let's ride your bike then the
problem is is that it started snowing it
was 70 degrees like 12 hours ago now
it's 40 degrees or less and it's snowed
they didn't like stick to the ground or
anything but it's really gross outside
for so we're gonna go to warehouse and
we're gonna bike well you're gonna bike
okay okay do you have a Rebel Alliance
bike it's pretty cool it's put in the
trunk
you're the first person to ride a bike
in Shred quarters riding a powerful I
think so Emma might have you want to
ride on the ramp Wow all right be
careful it's easy to topple over you
probably should have a bigger bike buddy
thank you now yeah why don't shoot role
like this way on it you know all right
oh it's coming nope and you're rolling
backwards
oh yeah turn you did it now just go
faster and do it a little bit more yeah
you got to push yourself stuff turned
down
ha ha ha hey if you don't turn your
wheel that's what happens you're about
to do a push up
all right oh yeah this is something bad
to fall turn almost so good rhythm on it
yeah your butt wasn't on the feet is
everything yeah wanna sit right there
goof hey turn your wheel that was a
little better dude it's been boring
yeah we're going to move on but you need
to work on that all right well where I
work out a little more right does not
had a lot of time on this bike so we're
trying to make it a point because not
five years old I was riding around
without training wheels
you'll get there soon enough you just
turned five so it's not a big not a big
deal now we're going to work on turning
are you ready oh my gosh he's button do
you fall this is a walk what time is it
OOP okay totally topical course time
you're riding a bike all right ready
Oh failed try again Oh keep going who
are you gonna do it you did a good job
dude you want to try without your
training wheels we'd like to go just use
your hands we need a tool oh my gosh the
skate tool fits ready it's because
you're five right what hi
oh no training wheels the big thing is
that when you're not riding put your
feet down on the ground like that okay
so let's put the camera down and dad's
going to walk with you and try to get
you used to not having the training
wheels okay yeah it's weird isn't it
push now let that know you're going to
fall over trust me let me put the camera
down buddy I'm recording you had now I
yeah oh you're going to be a rebel pilot
all right all right are you an x-wing or
a y-wing ah I mean can I go well you're
a rebel you're really one of the good
guys you're not on Titan fighters and
I'm do an OB wings are good you are in
the B wing blue five okay that's you
there are two bad guys from the Galactic
Empire that you have to take down I know
it's evil Gatorade and Darth poo you got
to hit them with your proton torpedoes
are you ready all right ones right there
go nuts that's out of range fire now
direct hit get get Darth to get him that
was one successful attack run wasn't it
King is history he came back he's such
an evil Darth dude there you go you did
it there you go
he's done he's not going to be back for
the sequel is he yeah I reckon take your
pill
I thought you'd like that hey you think
Darth boo is ever gonna be back yeah
good well I'm your game the comedian wow
that's gonna be your weapon of choice so
that's it thank you guys for watching my
video I do videos with this little guy
all the time and like I said as this
when this video goes up we did the
toilet trouble game over on turbo toy
time so hit that link right up there and
that will take you to territory time
where we have a lot of fun so
all the time you look at a dress before
yep there's much skateboards up there
but I do do daily videos here as well so
hit the subscribe button and that's it
we're going to go home and we actually
have to celebrate your birthday with
want with your great-grandma which is a
month overdue it's been applied for a
month now
but you guys have a good day and we will
see you tomorrow red can you wear the
helmet for the next four days three no I
sorry buddy you got to keep it on for
four days okay yeah yep four days what
yeah all right no why would I ever kid
why are you kidnapping my leg hey hey I
love you
by your racer well I'm trying to put a
risky jail
you put my leg and Jake
