today is going to suck today should be a
great day because I'm getting new red
shoes but it's gonna suck from a
horrible because of that Bryan Ames is
making me into Carolina Reapers no not
the whole thing man we're just gonna do
like a freaking circle of it oh man once
you've challenged image on a chip of
death yes death these are so these are
some older pepper sorry we have new ones
this is a new different levels oh so the
fresh
they all look stupid and they all are
gonna be terrible it's it's gonna suck
but put it in his bag no no no no dude I
feel like I'm gonna feel that Thursday
sorry
I don't actually like touching faces or
mouths especially yours
but this guy's actually helped me in
there these are great he's a great guy
okay old Kenneth from Kansas I'm gonna
get some red skate shoes and I'm
actually gonna skate and I'm gonna
totally wear them around but and then
we're gonna do some skate training
because I haven't been skating that
lately and I need to I do have that yet
I like my see if it still hurt like it
sucks so I'm gonna try to land tricks
and not land on my hip how's your coffee
oh no I know what you do - I would not
you're not Brian I would be with you I
wouldn't tip me a long time to do it -
Brian Brian like had to beg me for years
so yeah I'm not kidding I got to do this
thing it's for Brian Ames Channel but
it's going to be so terrible
I'll show you guys some snippets though
but later on at the end this video I'll
give a link to Brian names new YouTube
channel plus skateboards in my trunk and
it looks like I'm walking in heaven
the last two weeks have been full of
like injury and soreness I haven't been
skating but I'm trying to see it a
little bit every single day this week I
have a filming trip this weekend to
Arizona and I need to get my
skateboarding body in shape so I might
suck but that's okay because by the end
of the week I won't I'm gonna gain I'm
gonna gain some less sucker II let's
just go
oh this might be where my pay starts to
suck very carefully I've only done like
once on a hip in my life
Oh
I think I can keep doing this
what's the secret here foot back like I
had my foot like this like if you look
at it when I'm rolling up it's a
terrible way to try any trick but it
works for this one we're gonna do a
little box how did a few basics but I
wanted this is a trick I haven't done or
tried since I was like 15 or 16 I'm back
type vidi-vidi back
Sosuke knees done let me from the where
else Wednesday I really want to get that
backside 5050 backside flip but I have a
busy schedule today and I had to move on
to the next thing this is going to suck
so much gosh it's gonna suck I am
dreading us so much I'm just afraid that
it's gonna ruin the rest of my day like
I do not want to eat a Carolina Reaper
if you've looked up people online doing
it it's the worst thing ever friends and
we're not eating a whole one but still
it doesn't matter here's a 12 year old
kid Ian why would you let a 12 year old
eat this it could kill him
there's a warning before it yeah I know
12 year old is doing better than the
dead dude this kid is great Brian you
want to get on this with us I will be
able to background he's gonna be the
background is that what he said hey did
you say give me the background
What did he say Brian do the live studio
audience ease me the background so
off-camera I licked it which is kind of
gross because now you're gonna either
but it didn't do anything gonna do again
if I pick Caroline River accidentally
falls in your your mouth fear not you'll
be okay we're doing it on a Carolina
Reaper chip with a Carolina Reaper chip
box Reaper Brian Alex knife at Carolina
Reaper nice this is bothering my nose
Cheers right the fool Carolina Reaper
video is on Brian's new youtube channel
the link is down in the info or at the
end of this video stay tuned and stay
classy like Duke silver Brian just
filmed his first video and I've got ice
cream my hand so I shouldn't touch your
camera was that enjoyable for you know
it's so funny or try not to say I hope
it doesn't ruin my day that it could be
a day rude oh my gosh my stomach hurts
so bad
it really affected yet
we're still hurts I'm unbeatable
my body is unbeatable I've got thrown up
like less than 12 times my life I think
you probably in there for like three oh
my god I'm sorry my office
dude I was about to leave and I forgot
my shoes two of these and two of these
these are a dream come true I'm not
gonna skate oh I'm getting these purely
for wearing so I'm gonna buy him myself
I'm sponsored by s but I feel bad saying
hey stenny bunch of shoes I'm not gonna
skate it if I'm ever gonna just like
wear him around I usually just oh I
usually buy them from my skate shop
which is the Shred course calm look how
beautiful it was a good looking shoe I
would I would hear that with myself I
was wearing these so those were the arcs
and then I got these two which I could
actually turn around and skate in
eventually but look at these yes they're
gorgeous these are the accel Slim's
they're nice looking it's kind of cool
that you can just send money from your
phone I sent money to my own company bye
guys have a good day thank you
that was not as bad as I thought it was
gonna be but I think I'm pretty sure it
ruined Brian Eames day like he was still
really uncomfortable when I left but I'm
glad I did it I would definitely be open
to do it like the full pepper but I
thought it was kind of cool to do the
chip and Carolina Reaper pepper so make
sure you check that out but I'm gonna go
pick up my little dude and hang out with
him for a little while to end this bogus
suit so I picked up right in and then
soon after my stomach hit me and I feel
like I have an atomic bomb in my belly I
need to get home right now but I'm at a
stoplight oh my gosh do you remember
what I told you I was doing this morning
eating the hottest pepper in the world I
did that
and now there's a dragon inside by my
belly don't do it don't burn the house
down
all right so I'm gonna lay down buddy
okay you can watch one show but then you
got to do something physical you got to
play with something okay I am so
thankful that is over apparently was way
too confident because I thought it was
in the clear and feeling good and then
it hit me and it sucked it sucks so much
you know that you paint you're an artist
I love it dude it's good that you're
great and stuff it does it feel good
yeah okay so since I am not feeling the
best because it literally is a day ruin
her life do not eat a Carolina Reaper
unless you have nothing to do for the
rest of the day because I'm kinda in the
mood to do nothing now but either way
we're gonna answer some questions on a
recent video I did film this a couple
weeks before it goes up so bear with me
but but we did a video called father-son
cake duel do you remember that remember
that okay and I'm sure you go through
some comments and we're gonna reply to
Danny lo says father-son bottle clip
part for which we haven't done a three
do you want to do another one a
father-son bottle of a video you like
those I wanna do you wanna further than
30 oh wow that's a lot of filming Jose
Luis Ramos says he's so silly you're a
great dad Andy so uh Thank You Jose it
means a lot towed me also has the
Pikachu shirt he says me and ridin both
have the same shirt do you like your
Pikachu shirt yeah
because oops Oh Jaden Mercer root says
Mercer oh I don't know says it's his
son's name Ryan is your name Ryan yeah
look at the camera sir what's your name
right well the D is the is the key
letter in your name that people don't
hear sometimes Karen Branford says I'm a
really big fan please reply don't say
thanks Karen thanks Karen
there's bryden's foot don't touch
youtube with your foot and Hager says I
think Ryan wanted to lose P absolutely
wanna lose you really want to get Kate
to face didn't you and you dip it in the
end he was very upset when you thought
that he wasn't going to get to because I
want so or because he want orange juice
vlog says you're my favorite youtuber so
thank you and your channel name is
awesome orange juice vlogs okay and
while we ran out of comments there a
surprisingly low amount of comments on
the video for as many views as he got so
I really want to urge you to check out
Bryan Ames channel it's right there it
just popped up on the screen above
Ryan's head and it's gonna be awesome
he's gonna do a lot of fun videos
different than what you see on a lot of
the skate channels here and he might do
some skate oriented content so
definitely subscribe maybe we'll do a
giveaway shortly on his channel either
way he has a couple videos on there
already so that's it I know it did write
is about time it's been a long time so
go over Bryan's simply for the fact to
actually see the video where we eat the
the pepper and chip combo it was a
caution it was terrible I really hope I
do not have another wave of destruction
coming so that's it I'm gonna go buy
some Valentine's with this guy for no I
it's the hottest pepper I would have to
eat in just more of it I don't want to
do that ever again yeah you fell we got
Mario it was shit we had you have Mario
voice to say the goodbye wasn't bad it's
me saying goodbye
oh is that better you'll get there
you'll get there later guys
that's a 3G oh yes I'll just go that way
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo yeah he
doesn't have any pants
yeah I mean oh wait yeah it's tough
being Mario these days but you have like
your luck right there are they ticklish
you
