no it's almost over okay what is up guys
we are in arizona phoenix arizona and
i'm still in for the revised video
something like long as I go I really
don't want to work long and film
whatever stuff doesn't happen for the
video and show you guys I have a new
board to skateboarding before ice skated
this guy hand boarded on it in the video
he just edited so don't watch Sam's
video the channels ready when it's going
on there oh why did you why did you get
my note your face is wet you see my nose
was wet that's weird no yeah let's go
this is the trick shot that you missed
how do I saw it in the LCD so say you
were called in a hotel room would you
ever use this blanket look at sure you
do that no problem I wouldn't our
pressure yeah you are not stealing those
hangers look at them it kind of makes
you want to I can I could take this yeah
but stealing is bad okay don't feel it
was although hangers running Clinton
from my own how do I know this or your
own Iran Phoenix Arizona okay for here
is our trusty minivan we're eating in a
food spot yeah everyone maximum we're
going to go eat our comp is cloudy day
here's a here's a porch full friends
level hey want a hug baby hey I'm
finally made it to where I live you got
a bag of cookies Jason oh those are you
are they really yeah what are they hey
end it macadamia expresso ooh how are
you Andy will have one already sick
friend how amazing we just ran sir oh
you don't bribe look cookie you'll never
be Brian okay oh are you doing man that
he's not these are delicious
he'll take us to tacos right don't break
the car the world is beautiful you do
not need our money or John rub it works
out like this bag of butter fingers for
about d tacos this you don't rule are
you said it I'm excited son the menu we
can get you Griffin help good remember I
said I was gonna eat tacos well probably
the tacos forgot to film which I feel
like we can deal with there's really
remember like those associated press
right there though I mean imagine a cat
the commune you and you know will are
now sorry Doug of course your boys in
your suitcase yeah wouldn't you fly here
so hey you have a stick we're on a ditch
dug crazy right you know is on I guess
I'm gonna drop in just a wall do that
i'm going to try not to break my ankle
over deal yeah okay so Wow hi do the
trick that I wasn't planning to do and I
might put it away for like the intros of
the video I don't know put the stuff
going down like this
hi I just casually put the camera on it
do what it was a budge on that was
amazing anuradha everyone I was so good
dude I yall already know this oh you
stallion come look at this clip right
now Jay yeah you didn't roll way didn't
count with that non kidding it did look
at that board get it away vacuum up brah
I have a handful stuff we're done here
we had a lot of stuff done I'm all right
oh my god we got some stuff done and the
sun is still in the sky so we're going
to go to another spot do you know where
my name is Jason my name well this got
weird Brian you look like you're really
on the fence about all this time we
rested my gender yeah thank God I didn't
get way more serious on Instagram like
something
granted life-long like like like like
like like like like like like like
please look at me give me your attention
here need to sort of dance about the
internet Jason's cookies are you need to
get that there's a car i think we're at
another spot we were kicked a car i am
here we are long time no see i would do
to hug you but you're half naked so you
just get the rock ah they're gonna do w
puberty you got clothes on ma'am hug it
in a world with a blue sky and a brew
green sky is anybody need to know what
Bruce guy so the horse tick-tock it was
why did you do it
Wow
so important who you little help hey
John I reflected I didn't see it how was
she oh hell
huh help me
thank you those most polite
skateboarding trick in the whole way
hahahahahahaha wall I was solid we're
getting serious harm reduction oh my
gosh sorry okay after a long day of
skating which I don't know how much you
guys saw but we did film a handful of
stuff of the video so this has been a
super successful day I'm going to have
more content here from Arizona so tune
in but yeah but he was ever seen today
hit the subscribe button want to see
more hit the bill if you find on the
page and I'm done I'm going to go eat so
much food can be amazing this is the
brightest light in the world I've just
been staring into like the Sun for like
an hour now that was ridiculous
don't worry on I hit the rock myself
when I get back home no go away turn
around
