have you ever heard someone makes fun of
skateboarding that's a funny concept me
because skateboarders learn of life's
most valuable lessons and that's to
never give up
skateboarders try the same trick over
and over again without success think
about that to fail hundreds of times in
a row yet still get up and move forward
and try again they do not teach that in
school while most people be feeling
sorry for themselves or depressed or
down eight words are going to be wiping
the sweat off their forehead and
signaling to the camera guys are going
to try him Gabler is no failure they
know how to suck it something can stand
up and keep fighting apply just anything
in life and it's going to make you a
better person never give up because
eventually you're going to nail it
oh and sorry mislead you I did not land
that trick legit no I gave up I quit
I've tried for two and a half hours got
the sloppy one and then go store for
like two days after that couldn't save
the rest of the trip it was awful
pretty bad example of what I just talked
about
Karl Michael that felt fantastic
YouTube what is up guys so yes take it
with the world is finally coming
together this has been such a hard video
to work on because so many of us we do
daily videos here on YouTube we put so
much effort into what we have going on
with the company with our own ventures
and everything we have going on in life
and it is very hard to put together a
full-length video i film nine videos a
week in my life right now and I don't
have people editing them for me that
much I have some help here and there but
I'm basically filming a movie and
editing it and uploading it every week
of my life
so that being said it is very hard to
throw together a full-length video but
is turning out to be really fun so I'm
going to release one more full on
trailer before the video drops but there
it is yeah this June is happening guys
really excited about it and you guys are
going to like it too things are a lot
different for revive these days and I
just want to remind you that we are
still what we set out to be we're not
trying to be like every other company in
the industry we're just a group of
friends doing what we do we're family
you know I mean we've never put people
on to be the best in the world it's been
a family the whole entire time and we're
good friends we're like a homey homey
company I guess you could say and I like
saying as a family more than homey but
that's what we're all about we're all
about having fun and enjoying ourselves
and having a blast we don't take this
too seriously and I hope that really
comes through in the video so I do want
to take a second to thank you guys
because this has turned into something
way bigger than I ever could have
dreamed I remember when I started this I
was like if I ever have a warehouse then
I could just fit one box and to do some
tricks on I'll feel like I made it way
farther than I ever thought and it's
been nothing but a blessing so thank you
guys we were extremely thankful for
everything we got going on and we're
going to keep doing this all dinner
entertain you guys and have a blast
while doing it be excited I'm going to
get to editing it here very soon
probably by the time you watch this I
started and you guys will see it in June
until then I got videos every single day
here on YouTube so hit the subscribe
button and I will see you guys tomorrow
I'm going to go pick up my child from
preschool
that's why I'm going to do here all
right Oh get whoa whoa whoa ah this is
the teaser video you want to do a bonus
trick there was
there was hey tell a joke once upon a
time I went to the laundry store and
