you dude what is up guys so a couple
things have happened recently that did
not pair well together okay first off
John Hill had a video John Hill was able
unable to skate over five skateboards he
had revived skateboards at the time
wherever he was in life he couldn't get
to those said revived skateboards so he
bought a primitive board and he put
stickers over the graphic which is
completely cool like it was awesome that
he explained in his videos and let you
guys know that he still rides for a vibe
but if you just saw that thumbnail you
might think like oh maybe John Hill
doesn't rent for revival and then at the
same time I put out a new we are revenge
and I totally forgot to put him in the
intro I thought that he was already in
it beforehand but I guess it's been so
long since I did we are avenged she
wasn't on the team technically what I
did the last one so I just assumed he
was already in there and I didn't think
about it as I watched it and he wasn't
in there so I wanted to do a video just
to say oh my gosh John Hill is of course
honor of I've skateboards and you guys
follow his channel you already know this
because he did a video talking about it
John Hill is part of the family I love
that dude we all love that dude and he
does great things on a skateboard and on
YouTube but um I just want to say that
I'm actually I talk a little bit more
and I'll do some Q&A at the end of this
video but I just want to do best of John
Hill this is a bunch of clips on my
channel mate little edit I like to do
this once in a while with the footage
that have given in vlogs and random
videos so here you go here's just a fun
recap of John Hill on a skateboard enjoy
Oh
really
this is better be a goodness well how
good job
soldier
you know
so he'll
so there you guys go that was John Hill
skateboarding this dude he just
literally uses talents okay if I got you
see his face and this seems a little
easy this is where do this why how did
this get here is it so good on a
skateboard he's one of the most passive
like diehard work hard dudes ever and he
does really good things on YouTube so
his link popped right up there and I
urged you click 'add he does very
entertaining videos he's dedicated to
his trade and he doesn't very well so
the links also down the info please
check him out his you will not regret it
you're gonna be entertained to here and
there and back to here this should be
it's gonna be a round-trip entertainment
well that was a crazy tagline I should
work for a travel company but that's it
it's nice to do a video like this I've
been so busy trying to get into the take
over the world and filming and editing
the revive video so it's nice to do a
video like this that's kind of easier on
me so I hope you guys enjoyed it I am
gonna do a QA right now to give you guys
a little more video so let's get it on
right there's a Instagram picture of
that I asked for a Q&A video that I did
recently but more people have asked
since then so let's get I'll just go
their sidekicks skateboards says will
there be a ride instruct pro deck
anytime soon no there definitely won't
be anytime soon he does like skating he
doesn't like to do it every day I don't
push him to do it you know I'm not gonna
force my child to do something doesn't
want to do but when he does do it I
always urge him to not give up and make
goals and really go for them all that
stuff I'm supportive but I don't wanna
be the guy that like you're doing this
because I like it so I am Karina says
would you want to know your future and
no I'll be terrifying they'll be the
worst thing in the whole world yeah I
wouldn't wanna mess with that seaside
strings Connor says will you make
revived finger hand boards and we
totally are in the process of making
revive finger boards with Tech Deck and
we talked about hand board so hopefully
they'll do that but as of right now I
don't know but finger boards are
definitely on the way Mohammed jarate
says is your handwriting better than
your wife's handwriting absolutely not
my handwriting is pretty horrible logo
Oppo 69 says if you could only watch one
movie to eat one food forever what is
your options what's my option so I guess
my options are anything that I come up
with but I would say Star Wars I like to
go I hear at movies Empire Strikes Back
but I feel like if I just watch that
forever I'll be like okay good guys you
need to win
so I'd say Return of the Jedi even
though
my favorite Star Wars it's a good way to
wrap it up even though the Ewoks man
either way Return of the Jedi and then
food I would say potatoes just because
you can do so much with them I would
miss tacos so much I guess if you can
like if you I could be general taco
because then I could put anything on it
but you know I'd like to pick one
specific thing potatoes but if I can say
tacos tacos I'm gonna eat that for the
rest of my life just an eagle says
honest opinion on rogue one and we
covered this in my podcast to do with
Ryan chambers actually but just to do it
here I thought Rogan was good that's for
sure I don't
I think it's pointless to to compare it
to the old ones because this is a vastly
different movie like everyone's saying
it's the best one since Empire Strikes
Back like I like force awakens way more
I did like it I thought it I thought
they could have had way more character
development and made us really feel for
the characters because when you watch
the force awakens that you fall in love
with everyone right away and rogue one
is just like they're all serious and the
droid was the best character I think so
overall I mean as a Star Wars it was
awesome but it could have been better
but hey I loved it so I'm not talking
trash on it per se Trinity four or five
eight says would you ever let a female
rider join the revived team crew PS 11
videos uh thank you for watching my
videos and absolutely if I revive you
know a lot of it's funny because we get
judged so much because we've we've
gained in in success and popularity I
don't like to say that but you know we
have and then of course that brings on a
lot of people not a lot of people but we
get it's a handful of people like saying
like I'll provide us this row is that
but I mean we revive is just a group of
friends that's all we ever have been
we haven't set out to be some huge
skateboard conglomerate and we've just
tried to be a bunch of friends hanging
out and if a girl came along and she
felt like one of us and you know she fit
in absolutely like absolutely it's not
about like who's the best and it's we're
family so if a girl fit into that
equation that'd be awesome I would love
to have a girl writer we'll do one more
hold on you know I've had such good
questions and I'm getting things like
how many bananas can you eat
why did my fish drown I'm just a good
look at through these so kg skating says
if you get a dog what type would you get
do you like golden retrievers I like all
animals I'm a huge animal lover and
golden retrievers Rock Bryan Ames
actually had one growing up named Cooper
who one time I had a chicken nugget and
I just tossed it at him thinking he was
gonna like which have a kid sorry for
beating
it's the dogs but whatever I just tosses
at him and he didn't even look he just
sat there like panting like and it we
went to his mouth and he just started
chewing it didn't even react it was
amazing
but if I yeah I would I want a French
Bulldog so I'm not ready for a dog just
yet but if I did get a French Bulldog I
like pugs I like boxers like I like a
lot of dogs I like cats Dooley this
can't Oh Oh surprise you want to keep
sleeping but that is it guys see you're
watching this Q&A and like I said please
check out Johnny does such amazing
things on YouTube and that is it I'm
gonna go I'll see you guys tomorrow
hopefully the take over the world teaser
comes out tomorrow if it doesn't and a
vlogger so it comes out it's because I
have been crazy and losing my mind
and that's why so thank eyes I'll see
you guys in the future
I just had a dream and I'm not gonna
tell you what it was no actually I just
turn on the camera and I was like I need
a bonus clip what am I gonna do and then
this is what came to my mind how awkward
feels like I'm lying down with YouTube
I'll stop outro music come on help me
out
this is getting weird huh come on man
come on where are you are you back there
I'm not afraid to make myself look
stupid that's for sure
