that's amazing
you're about to watch me fall really
hard it is we are avenge 6t I'm gonna
check my phone to see what numbers is
this - I think - I think 262 and the
last one you did
Oh buttery crispy flaky crust he's gotta
redo it what you're gonna redo it watch
the word the friends game show
all right remember that buckaroos yeah
still there dad I'll quiz that here's
about to get nut crack you know you did
double flip rock
channel or my channel it just wasn't
good it wasn't good enough for the
actual video
it literally zooms in in real life it
makes everything maybe little glasses
because it makes everything look way
better
what if you just wore glasses and then
just start shredding Brent
your coffee sucks oh my gosh it's just
terrible
I just if I got hit by that bus yes gosh
hey buddy how you doing here
dude he came right up to here all right
dude he's awesome
he just wants food I'm no use to you I'm
sorry I don't got anything guys leave
that one oh my gosh he's on a mission
dude this is a heavy guy he gets he gets
look at his face he did it
you have grinded a picnic table Bry
names
I like landed off my skateboard like
both that was that was nice
Oh
you okay all right
felt like it might hit an eyeball
so that's what happened to California
and you still don't know who kidnapped
you I have no idea dude and it freaks me
out
you have to freak me out too you just
woke up and in this state not new but
YouTube what is up guys so yes that was
bonus clips from the recent episode of
we want revenge and this was just such a
fun bonus video I felt like it really
showed you how much fun we have when
we're filming these and just in general
how much fun we have skateboarding I
hope you enjoyed it every time I have an
episode I have so many bonus clips like
just unclean tricks that we didn't use
or just random clips that didn't fit in
and I have so much enough that I have
put some one Alex's Channel I put some
here so I hope you like that after we do
our full length video to cover the world
I'm gonna jump back into these and have
them more consistently because we have a
lot of fun making these unfortunately
these days it's so hard to get everyone
together all at once and make them
sometimes but without the stress of
filming for like serious street parts
it's gonna be a lot easier on us so tune
in either way I do videos to your every
single day so I hit the subscribe button
if you want to see more for me if
there's a bell on the page click it and
that will notify you immediately when I
upload a video and that is it oh yeah we
have a skate shop too if you need
anything skate board related the
straight quarters calm which is a
website but this is where it physically
comes from and there's a mop that's
pretty cool
but thanks for watching you guys have a
good day can't believe I found a mop
