Brian I gotta don't care
weird house Wednesday it is where else
well there you have it how do you do
yeah they come this way because the
lighting is it's pretty bad out today it
feels so good if we 58 degrees in there
to judge we never had a wager February
there was no where there was no winter
in Cincinnati was just gross and rainy
and who is this Craig Craig is going
yeah we're going to do a skateboard
triathlon today Briscoe skateboards
Rassilon get three stages no up you're
gonna have to do five tricks holding
this with both hands great hair great
hair great
all right now is you what you thought
that you had to five tricks while
holding that but you have to use both
hands at one point like so you like both
hands at all times we pronoun I like
that is a host and then you're not to
prove that you can always rely I don't
really know what that's going to tell
yet but we're going to do that and then
you're at ten minutes do three technical
issue X on the the new box we have in
there there's three stages cuz it's a
triathlon if you do that you get
something from oh yeah I got in my
pocket
get an a get an Amazon gift card worth
somewhere between 25 and 5 30 bucks 30
bucks don't give it yet yeah we don't do
it Brian Ames has to eat no well I mean
I wasn't going to give him any
punishment but apparently apparently
apparently there has to be something I
will defend myself to death do you apart
you got a can here and yeah don't worry
about the cat here you got a cat on you
if you do not that gift card will be
used for Brian Ames you have to buy $30
for the cat food off Amazon
alright food yes I work that way so your
home buddy loses yeah what cat is like
special urinary tract infection cat poo
stay here for you this winter summers
for Brian Scott if you lose their ego
alright I like it yeah there you go so
it's a good heartwarming episode either
way do we get a bag of cat food it's
like a big bag I get the same thing $100
it's not that much I want now he still
took it from you but your heart was in
the right place thank you
I like how now we have another love
thing so I get it is that gonna suck
yeah yeah that's like putting your hands
oh my gosh is it terrifying yeah on a
good cake go to school take a look hot
it's week twiki
that looks like it'd be awful feeling
care it does look scary early grind
what's an early grind you can early
grinder circuit grind career I'd make a
lot more sense he's approached you're
like really good at holding wait for
Apple look this is the this is the first
of three keep the hip yeah I'm guessing
is gonna do a back 180 right back away
fine Holly Dixon knowledge surely big
since I hope he isn't dropping on toe
let's get really short real fun day what
was that noise
proud of that guy right there what a
weird thing is that three tricks what's
four or you're a four you mean oh my
gosh think you said if you think of
course I'm going to walk over to hey you
doing pipe blue every terrible you just
threw it threw it at me you're on
clapper today I am a clapper today
all right well clearly Craig is on his
game he's always wait game wait game
don't throw it in the mirror
we need to skateboard guess there's one
there that does not count
oh all right Brian can grab these guy
that grabbed the dark side board - it's
the second stage of the triathlon speech
- it's all over skateboards prove you
can Ollie we're here for if you can't do
this you are disqualified from
everything from everything in life
hoping immediately going on top Brian
Brian Brian Brian all right so this is a
little this is a little big
Craig would you like try again
oh very good and I was going to let you
start with that but you think you knew
six you point minute I'm here
you've everyone sacred I think I did six
I use it nine yeah nine hi Craig if you
just first tried 20 bucks from me he did
almost do it that was really close bail
I'm going to hear it all not easy the
Bryant's I mean he did say Prentiss five
in a min agree yeah he's so good Linda
turning into a thing oh my gosh okay
it's standing just landed have you ever
cried Wow Frank gosh that was good it
was good he just proved that that was
good he can all you should have never
gotten the Valentine is giving him okay
if you wait to get down hon - yeah Brian
gets your NASA calendar out my message
calendar yeah you got 10 minutes to do
three specific box tricks okay I want to
see you do your fakie 270 front nose to
fake I want to see you do your fakie
shove-it fifty-fifty 180 or I want to
see you do your fakie nosegrind shove it
is that this haul order takes your
pocketbook oh it's Peggy knows right if
you if you actually knew about it Thank
You 500 would be like the hardest in the
world Peggy shove fiddy 180 first give
your ornithopter out what to magic it's
a magic card ornithopter cost zero
because zero one flyer for zero it's
great hey is it going
what legal stuff come on man you gotta
bring your a-game kind of pop bearing
all right well that's okay one in two
week I wonder how we can solve this
while we go over to the skate shop we
have next door what is it again state
are you making up scheduling and confuse
your silvers here it is here's a sketch
up the strike or calm that's what you go
with yay we got us some berries
you forced bearings upon them what if it
doesn't like these here gonna be fun
we're good for sake of time you just
want to put two in there you got a food
you don't even need the bearings begin
you know I have backup I'm prepared need
to prepare well you're gonna get this
guy - oh not that guy okay with a
character in our in our where he'll do
now I like the zoo so I'm gonna pop your
FDR tell the Craig when to go first
right I think we met them say we do we
talk cause well he don't want anything
about yeah yeah yeah that counts yeah do
your fakie nose run shove it are all
right come on I said different trick and
I thought it would give me I don't want
him to get captured I don't want this
guy to get a cat food so we have the
argument over what he was doing guys I
was gonna think about though
that music is still hard
oh wow craze really ready for the or not
and not going for it we look at it right
he was over here and you look over there
Oh getting ready we could just look at
that grip hey I'm going to say grip tape
look at that grip a exactly eat news
clips
I know yes he is too much time we
miscalculated guys oh my arm stuck - we
need you to see rings again 70% of Ron
tomato 70 or 700 I wish you get a 70
she's like I see you get really bad
reviews I've looked at we also says it
you've got six minutes left it's like
did it happen to resent for heaven's
exactly job see you weren't asking for a
five baby 270 front nose to fakie
alright you'll get your get a rock when
you land it if you end it no for Miss
employment sites go hurt me 0 minutes
and 53 seconds left you were like I'm
not going to not do this he did it he
did it Wow clean it up and you want to
build you have won this triathlon with
flying colors you get that okay trick
you did not have to buy cat food with
this don't you really want to maybe yeah
you might regret fear thanks buddy no I
was like a fist came out of nowhere I
want you to throw that you throw the
pillow Brent yeah
Brian for the bonus clip we'd like to
see you break in no come on or do some
type of dance
