karakuri oh really I'm getting your cast
alright could do it I'm down there going
can raise I think you can doing yeah
goal for you coach I'll do it I won't
let you down all right down that you
mean the ramp right ready over here if
you do it off that ramp bigger trap yeah
oh trauma best coach training rings will
near fair winner this one
oh whoa whoa whoa I'm sure I make it
heavier off Oh
first things hot drag aroma trick all
right let's do it
which what your much I'm going to be
trickling really okay it is for Thomas
he's good that one
Oh sucks I got the wrong side that was
like that was like Invesco I've seen you
do drag yeah yeah Thank You coach oh so
he's doing one more warm-up trick it's a
big flip what do you think about that
yeah isn't any good yeah I want him to
all healed
oh my gosh detective please Ellen okay
and he goes shad don't laugh at him when
he falls I'm here boy he isn't a
champion yet he's got to land a fakie
tre double
thank you thank you thank you oh my gosh
oh my gosh you're nailing it it is
coaching helping you oh sure hooking me
up really good are you trying single no
did you throw them you don't throw
anything at people mid trick and you
almost landed it
despite the poo folks here Rick Harris
was grinded right you gotta do it
whoa my life flashed before my camera
we did knowing we maintained I love
coming you might love Thomas I think you
do look Thomas that was sweet of you to
say coach hey hey you're going down in
what in what like battleship I'm a Bruin
big guys critics like your brain before
it the magazine the beef Oh Eric fell
out oh thank you
you only have to name it not because
he'll get it that was good wasn't it you
can't they're all cool
that was such a good save
well you're not working hard enough
Thomas girl pops anything to chase one
ah why give you cereal oh oh oh my gosh
Thank You Ryan
could you have done it without him no
look I need your anybody see you go Wow
oh you're running if you need to take a
bath are you are your jeans well I would
like to thank Thomas for rocking that
trick and then of course ride in for
coaching right I'll be guys like that
video I do videos every single day so I
do some with you not everyday with you
right yes we do have a terrific toy
something happening but you want to
follow Thomas on social media his is de
Rivoli and the info it's just at Thomas
Alvarez Thompson's riding with sport
element underscore whatever it's down in
the info follow on Instagram if you guys
need skate gear we have it at the Shred
quarters comments are online skate shop
and yeah if you want to see more videos
from me hit the subscribe button and
find the bell on the page because that's
the thing and that's it will do again
missus round three of coaching you are a
sweaty guy
alarum araga now you're a human being
you
