like that well that boom dad ha what was
that all of that warehouse Wednesday
fuck you're going this week too
I was gonna make him walk slowly ahead
of me look I have a case I know you're
looking case you're lucky I the case no
partisan he's going I'm up you were up
I'm up
and I left failed us time I just want to
preface that probably will
so anyways then warm up you could to do
two tricks in the mini ramp and then
gonna do a fakie hardflip today is a
random worker we're gonna be doing that
for an hour
like a fakie hardflip on the ground or
left Flyway oh okay right still an hour
and then mr. challenge and then you like
flat bars I've I love flips we're gonna
make a very long get a really long flat
bar hey have you do it okay something's
gonna happen what's gonna happen if you
do it yeah you get absolutely nothing
great start to this if you don't do it
then Casey is gonna give you a little
Lake tattoo with a sharpie ah a little
one now it's pretty big one here say you
just said little one wrong how long
should you should you have oh I don't
know 10 minutes this we used to do I get
to choose it forty minutes it gets 10
minutes not great that's right I'm gonna
draw on your head if you fail what are
you gonna draw on me because you're
gonna lose control Brian draw Brian if I
actually had to get a tattoo like I
wouldn't be bummed it's like trust
anyone no one has a Brian's face
tattooed on them why is Alex here he
just appeared can i warm up for the
warmup
nope cuz this like I feel like I need to
write for the mini ramp he's good to me
or at least gets alleged Robson hears no
no no I'm saying he doesn't pump back
and forth he like drops into the trick
and that's he failed
where he lands it like that's the end of
it what are you gonna do any boys
warming he's warming up first Riggins
what Smith stall has your first grade
yeah my first trick are you gonna warm
up before the warmup
did you like a real trick and I'm gonna
die
what are you trying I haven't no I knew
people vidi-vidi bought fake never get
150 Halle Berry I have to do which is
the easy way out air out of the ramp so
close
well this is borderline not warming up
because I took me in too long so I'm
gonna do Sheva noticed already yeah yeah
he did it very well I've never done the
180 out on this mini ramp Reaper if that
was a nine feet tall I had to film the
videos like this it's true time to do a
fakie hardflip it's been like a year and
a half two years since I've lent no one
really I know how to do it yeah I had
one session work took me 30 minutes so I
was like I'm not doing it more I'm a
mean person apparently oh there we go if
you do it live it that was close
I've got a free trip to the dentist I
don't know why I would assume it's free
it would have cost money the cuff a lot
of money I do not remember how to do
this was amazing
and I think about that was amazing I
tried to clean it up it wasn't the
cleanest thing I've ever seen in my life
but at least he did it and he's warned
I'm like sweating
I think he's warmed up always the warm
ups I don't know if you mean to but the
warm ups are always meaner than the
actual trick do I mean - or do I do I
mean to buckaroo
all right it's yeah I see the guitar
it's mystery challenge time you can sing
and you also ride your skateboard like a
cowboy combine the two sing a song about
your cowboy stance all right I'll do it
be good it's great playing guitar be
sweaty
right on the spot
Brian science it tells me to sing a
cowboy style
my boys to the sky about my legs and the
rapport chanting ball
that was very good I really really had
no idea what else go with no it was up
there
you did it for my life I have no idea
what I said right then where's the worst
thing about these songs is that whatever
happens like is just terrible or yeah
all the comments are like whoa you can
sing or like you're terrible never do it
which is like the everything else in
there and you're a good singer
ah we need to pull out a lot of fluff
parts together now do we need another
one yeah which one are you seeing this
switchin it what does that work
switch he'll so this is 33 feet and 1
inch and 1 inch 33 feet 1 inch by a
slide if these are all flat rails to be
the easiest in the world but this rent
the round thing warmup time time to do
that no you know I mean I see I'm gonna
give you a 10 or 15 seconds I don't want
your extra 15 seconds I hope I landed it
was 17 seconds longer your escalate to a
faster - slower - slower slower
got 10 minutes
this would be very hard only I could do
this I think he can do
no boy
I'm gonna call this the super boardslide
I'm gonna call this like instantly the
stupendous Boris line this would be so
hard
he's still getting nasty minutes eight
minutes
oh I don't know if that one was gonna
slide I think it does happy you're gonna
do it he's making progress mittens is a
third rail now I just got to do it
I was like so much like there was no
question on my balance when I actually
got on it
maybe the third-fastest warehouse ones
they were the challenge maybe so last
time you challenged me to this I try to
run forward and I did it is the longest
run boy ever done not as hard as just a
normal rail but not try from Portland's
okay it's insane how easy that looked
but how hard it actually was yet the
perfect balance on
made it 2-0
I don't physically have to leave good
ever though I can do it I know I can do
that another day another dollar nothing
happens because I want and there's no
reward
you know good check I get to take away
my being bestow sir I've done that yet
you get you do get to get let's go do
that I don't know where Brian names are
supposed to come be here for this and he
really doesn't care no we're doing it
gently and we're gonna go put it on his
and he's just gonna rip it down he's I'm
gonna look at it he's just gonna come to
his office and rip it down great hurry
and thank you guys for watching if you
want to see more videos from me auntie
videos all-time hit the subscribe button
right below the video and you'll see
more and then nowhere else when's the
next week right names and a dog with a
pillow
yep there we go I was wrong
he didn't rip it you didn't even see it
that's a happy ending - the sad dog
right yeah why isn't why is her crying
Earl oh you want my office you want to
go eat my trash alright bye guys
how we cuddle he's like this is my seat
get out higher look at your boot anybody
here you got stitches didn't he yeah now
I see it now it's cool with you
you
