YouTube what is up guys so today I have
a little fingerboard test it's been a
while since I've done a fingerboard
video here on this channel at least and
I'm doing it today because recently I
came into possession of this cage
schwendemann by buddy's girlfriend made
this and it's a revived 3d printed
fingerboard not thought that was awesome
like what I need to get a 3d printer
have you ever used one no I haven't
either
you just you can parently make finger
boards you make anything you want this
is pretty cool like even has like some
details in the wheels don't let me get
to see it she painted it to be a revived
lifeline pretty awesome thank you very
much Kate and I'm going to do a thing
where I see what I can do on this and
then I'm going to see what I can do on
this and see how much I stuck on this
compared to that it honestly doesn't
feel that bad it always it does ollie I
just all it over the rail let's dive in
the correct knuckle ceremonial crack
nothing
what is it only when you beat somebody
up no I can see something like baking a
cake afterwards like I'm gonna bake this
cake let's just do some base it fit vide
babo terrible lipslide Federalist slide
good run nose run back five-o back live
on accident I'm trying to back Smith it
huge bang go rang that was about good
Brian
I'm back midget good job buddy let's
interview brian joke that what was your
first memory using a finger board
cameras over here did you know why
you're looking there scheming textbooks
in high school it's such a good thing
textbooks are like the best web best
thing not to like tell you not to pay
attention in school but if you have to
be fingerboarding in the middle of class
and you have a textbook you're in you're
in a good situation or if you like
skating pools you take a spiral like
college folder make a quarter pipe you
got pool coping of get a say go to the
sink because all things are pretty good
yeah my quarters the binder section on a
textbook and what killed your trucks
it's like perfect for blonde slides what
was your favorite holiday is a kids
Halloween oh is Easter Easter school
when you met your girlfriend was the
first thing you thought a bucket full of
pumpkins after getting rudely
interrupted by Brian a roughly to do
blong class nice go yeah dude I'm on
fire today just Boba Fett board is
treating you well you're thinking
you know cuz this is what I was doing I
was like 15 talking to him if I coming
in filming fingers give up any videos
early a little bit took me back with one
accident Wow I was trying to go 5050 but
I'll take a pivot five Oh careful blip
mm I need to do that in real life I'm
came very close Kenny got through the
blip oh my gosh my front foot finger I
did okay
I'm sorry that was coming yeah I do it
all time I did free from notes Slattery
later my mom was pretty proud oh we had
a rental car putting Justin else now
online here Dec he hit a car outside of
my hotel and then we found out it was
like the cons here it was like the cars
into the hotels they didn't care about
him and the guy even said like he's a
smart man
Justin's like known as I get out of here
we're like all right don't got tell us
twice
he barely hit it like just Nelson's good
driver Sonic the Hedgehog has it sure it
took a second for me to tweak into it
but did I'm taking that I think I'll
give it I'll try to smooth it up but if
not I'm taking that so I'm going to take
that circle around I don't think I'm
going to do it better I tried a few more
time to straighten it up and I was just
the magic was gone so I'm psyched I
landed on the rail next time I'm not
going to lay low so I'm going to do a
few more knowledge tricks then we'll
move over to the 3d printed board okay
nollie nothing no I said hit me
only 500 Ellie to set my lip mm okay
your feet fall off same word
who knows one boob not only front people
let me Harvin turn it into Briony oh I
can do it I probably should I don't know
if I'm bored person there we go that was
good
now we move over into this so I'm not
having any expectations except I expect
me to be able to do the basics pretty
easy let's do this oh wow and locks it
and everything oh I got fax telling a
longboard
ooh
the wheels are oh come on
nollie is not easy oh my gosh oh my San
Francisco butter lettuce Oh SEC butter
butter
whatever
all right kickflip boardslide oh my gosh
that's a good flicking I precious start
with flip tricks like on the ground
you get that booyah that's so good
alright let's do a few flicks actually
it was pretty good except I can't land
it 540 so pretty so there was that was a
three-book let's go to the three evil
blip that's my signature trick Oh
because that looks normal doesn't it it
does sound like chalkboards there you
heard how do you gather hey you guys
remember Rufio nobody's gazing that he
likes doing called Peters did you just
see that cuz I get it perfect you talked
about Peter Pan and I'm doing it I need
something else
ah you if anybody yeah you can oh
my gosh that was a capable table I'm
trying to kill vidi-vidi but I will take
healing people
is your boss sidekick hoes tribe one fun
first that works
oh my god that was a big flip half the
crap and just doing an accident but I'm
really impressed with this 3d print
board works way better if I was going to
do a Smith kickflip is that easy it is
Oh have you read the be saver
ah that was good yeah you knew yes sir
because I was about to be done so you
can do the finale
I can't finger board this is like a
longboard it's a 3d printers works
that's awesome yeah that's the whole
point of video oh I can't bring your
words totally me too
you deal with that oh there you go so
there you guys go
I was actually thoroughly impressed with
this you do not have a finger board near
a 3d printer figure out how to make one
of these because it works pretty well
and it's entertaining
it feels go obviously if you have like a
legit finger board it's going to feel a
little more normal
I'm surprised man this works so thank
you so much case you guys like this let
me know in the comments so many of you
want to see more fingerboarding videos
or like different ideas whatnot I do
videos here every single day so hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
from me and hit the bell if you wanna be
notified right when I make a video that
is it saber what you got a bunch of
water don't you don't I was going to hit
it out your hand is that okay
I'm going to do a 500 lipslide no not
