I was there I didn't go anywhere close
your what want to do what happened there
though that was such a weird fall a few
you might be asking how that happened
okay cuz what you saw it I hope you're
not asking what he fell into his back
and it hurts okay he was not excited
about that fall but why it happened it's
pretty clear ninja
fell on his front board and he thought
he was just gonna lay back and relax
while he was on the beach okay tanning
with through with a friend I don't know
who but he was tanning with somebody but
he was not tanning he was being served a
cold reality of that ledge has ended my
friend and you're about to fall back
onto your shoulders and bend your head
and your soul never see the Magic School
Bus that show was cool so yeah what
happened is that ninja messed up on the
front board he's gonna lay back on ledge
okay like his momentum was going that
way might as well just commit to it and
what he did not expect that the ledge
was shorter than he thought or whatever
he was he thought he was farther up the
ledge and the ledge was not there to
support him okay there was no lawn chair
ledge happening even that tall of a ball
but man we you're gonna be like cut
dropped onto your head and shoulder area
it doesn't feel good and it's like you
know ninjas are super tough dudes so
when I see him like uncomfortable like
from the fall it's like he usually has
some wisecrack he's like the best at
falling and just I gotta make it fun of
it but he was not happy with that that
moment it's kind of like when you pull
the chair over somebody they just fall
to the ground like unsuspecting cuz it's
a weird sensation when you think
something's going to be there and then
it's just not okay it's like when you're
thinking you're gonna drink orange juice
in your drink milk your mouth wants to
punch you in the face which is kind of
weird because it's a part of your face
but it's an odd sensation when you're
expecting something and it's not how
you're expecting it okay pretty much
life life is pretty much like that
I do degress though I feel like this is
the type of fall that started that
you're gonna break your neck okay cuz if
someone's grandma was walking by and she
saw that it would verify everything she
ever thought about skateboarding yeah
that's what they do they fall and break
their neck they kid almost just did it
right there and that kid being ninja
who's not a kid at all but it's a good
thing that nobody saw this like moms and
grandmas and overprotective dads or
whatever's happening out there
they saw this this fall they're like
that's why you're not skateboarding
you're playing soccer which is okay to
play soccer but you want a skateboard
you skateboard it's actually a lot safer
than everyone thinks it like there's a
lot less reported injuries and escape
wearing two percentage then there is
other major sports but someone saw this
fall okay like you have a girlfriend
that doesn't want you to have a band-aid
all right or boyfriend that doesn't want
you to have a crush I don't think any
boyfriends want their significant other
to have a crush I don't think anyone
wants anyone have a crush unless they're
just mean people but I do feel like
maybe we should like make a laser blast
hit ninja tip him over the edge okay
that would just make my day a little
better and I just drink hot sauce
earlier so it hasn't been the best day
ever
yeah she was pretty good I'm not gonna
lie that was good hot sauce hands are so
much durable than face like a matching
balls just punch myself in the face like
this oh my gosh that was kind of hard
like I literally heard like a crap when
I hit my head then I watched the footage
back it was even that bad I shouldn't
don't put yourself in the head but I
filmed this it was kind of a funny fall
to witness because it's like when you
see someone about to do something really
stupid
like they're about to ask that one girl
or guy out and you're like you do not
want to date him or her no but
everything I was watching in generally
ain't ninja why are you doing that you
should you're about to fall backwards
onto the ground and they did it Doug and
I were like oh we weren't actually
making that noise because it was mad but
then it happened I was like clearly that
was about to happen you freakin dingo
but he didn't know it so that's why it
happened ninja however kept
skateboarding and he landed to the front
board and he also landed a really good
trick on that ledge for the upcoming
revive video take over the world so
watch that during the friends / family
montage and he actually killed it this
weekend that we were skating with him in
Vegas
I'm gonna do it just a hand full of
ninja footage a lot of its being saved
for future videos I know there's a
there's a Rihanna bench coming up
probably tomorrow and that he'll have
some content net but just hear some
footage of ninja landing tricks I feel
like a lot of people forget that he's a
really good skateboarder because he's so
personality driven online that like you
know you tend to forget like oh well he
could really skateboard so here's some
footage of him just throw away footage
on my channel and he could actually land
Trixie doesn't just fall backwards on
the accident
that could not have been more perfect
boom there you go so uh if you want to
check out ninja definitely check out his
channel and don't take it too seriously
he is very entertaining and a super
super nice dude he's one of my good
friends I was God's Vegas and hang out
with them and it's always a great time
so to have let's check out his channel
down in the info it will be there but
that is it this is fall Friday where I
just review falls and kind of joke about
um I do this every once in a while but I
do videos every single day so hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
from me and hit the bell button because
that's what you got to do these days
it'll notify you when I upload a video
so hit them both and I appreciate that
and I will see you guys tomorrow but it
is fall Friday so I'm gonna get some one
in the hot seat which everyone's filming
in the where else I'm gonna go see who I
can I could get in here neighbor sit
down dude this is not the way we need to
start to sit down I won't know how are
you doing today sorry I'm good good
that's great to hear
yeah if you had a diaper what color
would it be red alright I'm gonna say
two words here to say the first thing
that comes to mind the two words are
girls and kiss run away
hey what's up guys so instead of a bonus
clip I don't have more bonus clips than
this but I want to say that I always do
those hot seats it's me messing with my
friends and if you really think into it
you probably know what I do to get those
ridiculous questions but I was gonna do
a best-of so if you guys think that was
a good idea to do a best of fall Friday
hot seats let me know and then give this
video a thumbs up and I'll and I'll do
one totally if you guys want it tell me
in the comments I don't know that's it
I'm gonna go I drank this hot sauce it
was delicious
