hey dude all right I'm fine I gotta
click eeeh that hurt lob stronger though
I made to clamp wood what day is it were
otherwise we're health Wednesday are you
back product don't be hit me in the face
of that please I don't hurt you you know
who we doing today don't you guys name
is doing it because it is it's frigging
beanie there be a face right here warm
up
yeah I do three different leafless mr.
challenge I feel like a wreck mystery
challenge and then you're in a ten
minutes view five flipping or flip out
many combinations on the new boxes in
there's been footer okay got that is
that we have a box you can do manuals on
okay and he wants you to do five flip in
or flip out or both within 10 minutes
put your hand out beanie to do it sounds
really good if you do this you can move
on to the second stage which is on the
little flat bar your five minutes you
three tricks flip in or flip out if you
complete bed you get twenty dollars so
if you can just for real are you just
want too much you could walk away with
this stack of cash okay look here put it
in the clip saying okay no probably put
in the clip thing in the clip yeah okay
alright Thomas what are you dream about
at night
never mind okay alright are you up for
this okay
warm-up briefing three leaflets we got a
mystery challenge you don't know what's
going to happen we've got five slippy
manual combos in ten minutes for twenty
bucks and if you get to the final stage
the final tier the final fight
three flip grind slide combos on the
flat bar for additional $40 yes I've
seen Doug with arms in my hunt my hand
your head right there I have a there's
your head
you have now yeah yeah you have now
all right let's wait Douglas what's the
what's his job what on Sunday but what
was the video it was like my wife I
mailing it all in Ben what is she eating
you should I don't you she falls run to
eat it she always the first time I
didn't watch her completely better Ali
is in that video
here we go the Shred quarters it's a
great place
oh man had lightly hit him okay he ready
oh my that's talking more actually doing
real warm up man Elite 3 late flipz
anywhere in the park all right okay
sorry for clamping you okay I did test
it on myself first just to be I hope I
got that that was amazing Wow I barely
got that you can't see the beginning of
it but you can tell you late flipz and
that's all that we care about that was
good
didn't he just a silly the warming up
for him apparently not
he's just always ready to do a good
trick we used to watch Saturday morning
cartoons when your kid always every day
you watch Saturday morning cartoons all
right I missed the kick look every label
does Wow
I would I would think that it's easier
to like fly off ramps in doing he just
does a flat ground all right Dana
Gilligan oh if this is called a dart
shove it oh my gosh
with that late
by golly you did it is what I'm trying
to say you drink a lot of water on this
mystery challenge time um okay I didn't
think about this no not that I ever do I
want you to attempts to do a one-handed
push-up okay and if you do it easy then
we move on to another mystery challenge
if you do it hard we'll just enjoy it
okay I can't do it I don't think I can
do it so no judging I want me to try it
how hard is it wow that's actually
people tried it it kind of looked like
you're just someone was painting you
over there and you're like lying naked
for them but on the truck yeah I could
see why you I can see why you using the
naked paint me
pretty hard okay will she be continued
but yeah that works well yeah okay so it
was it was too easy for me to the first
try we don't know mr. Chow's
no I'm got an idea okay cuz it's your
birthday this Wednesday so I was going
to give you a deck anyway just for
having a face and being alive and being
born I like rap but you have to go to
Casey okay home and you have to go take
a board and say it's my birthday this
week I'm taking this but you have to
take the camera and film it okay okay I
won't even try to stop you I'll be right
here hope he does it he's just gonna
text on it's like hey is this okay and
he's got me doing crazy stuff mystery
challenge you already know where's Casey
hey it's my birthday
on Wednesday and I'm taking this bird
yeah any chance yeah hope you feel
better buddy thank you
he's here with the left-handed I don't
know why did you do it what'd he say he
was like I'm sick and this is Andy's
channel and I was like yeah you can't
explain I didn't visit I didn't say the
rules you know I said it before before
do you want a cartoon head do what we
say or it doesn't
you didn't even look at your eyes you
want it that's not the side you skate
well that's what you get happy birthday
all right we're over lamp of cash are
you ready all right come on it has to be
done on this box right here
get your soldering iron now solder
beanie you have ten minutes to fly fly
you have ten minutes to do five flip in
or flip out manual trick
starting right now
9 minutes 48 seconds what you do 100 so
basically he just walk no you got to do
with me on the box I filmed it crappy
because I want to be on the box that was
good pretty sex I was just going to
Benedict
yeah well manuals are hard so when he
gets to one that he's that's tough to
contain my Superman
oh my god oh we have 7 min attachment
team if he destroys the challenges even
photos and we consoled with him and
whether we should do 5 or 7 tricks
he actually was like off-camera then he
was talk about being stressed I think
he's good I think he's going to be okay
gosh it's been demon we're going to do
one more every trick you land you owe us
money his leg for the shake and bake
jello
if I'm never cognitive that stupid left
foot nope nope can't be sloppy elastic
like that case get over there oh you
watch The Little Mermaid Man
that's a bastion guys suck yeah uh I
actually don't know if Sebastian sucks I
just remember like a flounder
yellow yellow Jerry came this way he's
going to be so mad you are being me I am
I didn't do it fast
Oh Paul 50 seconds what that was wicked
for you
that was a it even though Brian was
being a very annoying human being
outside minded part time you ready and
go go right now go go go go go there's
no way I'll die no one doesn't move that
much I used to wanna keep that one I
only use for hurricane and dark and dark
slide I block out a question how does it
feel to be the new owner of a $20 it's
good good I am yeah have you ever played
Mario the overalls he he has overall oh
I know I thought you meant playing it
when I have a problem
are you ready skateboard this one's
right there alright get are you please
use the roll
I'm going to start push it your bottle
warmer on it is my bottle oh wow you
going switch flip boards I didn't look
good get three minutes 15 seconds
what you have you two more got about two
minutes left
one minute oh my gosh and if you land it
right here with your back five oh you
did good dude it's all feeling really
good whatever
I think this is a lot of one okay you
can go to the casino and use this you
can go to the grocery store use this you
can go to a car dealership and say you
have them it doesn't do you much good
though yeah
always thanks issued for
balloon thanks to this guy for crushing
you did really good dude you always see
more of him my channel because he always
pops up here and there but if you want
to see more videos hit the subscribe
button when they find the Bell button
ring it you'll be notified to see when I
upload video and each skate year the
Shred course calm is here for you or
your local skate shop but if you know
all the local skate shop the Shred
quarter-second yeah well that's what you
get you shouldn't be doing a bunch of
board slides and stuff dude stop a
balloon
you just literally just hit it on
YouTube hair I can do our chant here you
here's YouTube chin that would hurt so
bad
dun dun dun dun dun it looks like you're
getting attacked by a duck like it ducks
like where am I in the warehouse
you
