brining would you like the keyboard
today yes but you don't have a
skateboard I don't that's where this guy
comes in right in hey you want to know
your challenge you have to pick out a
skateboard and wheels for this guy that
and bearings and try a little sauce you
get to pick it out okay okay oh you're
good year's paper that's curator I don't
want to I want a part I've noticed you
just get the big the graphic dude okay
well let's start with wheels okay if you
can HiFi this I don't have a good high
five here in here so easy literally it's
so easy you just punch it up with its
face you okay
cranes already over there can the wheels
been my thoughts you please oh I know
so here's a raccoon this is the Johnny
Geiger wheel okay some flashes this is
the classic logo right an old Jason Park
wheel with a snake we got a space wheel
here's a Doug Desa tells it has a grim
reaper on it here's a heart for if you
look at it right it could be a buck you
want them you want the heart but which
is the heart are pretty much gone so
there's two sets one point back to in
the store right Bronson g2z just knocked
over the g3s which are a little nicer
and then we have the synopsis which are
pretty golf you're also following
satisfied by Mexico previous 100 not oh
wow I was incredibly proud that last
line here like rock that out yeah he
rocked you girls you good job you often
all right so you're skating those I'm
super good set up so far we have the
Phillips red hardware has two red bolts
also your faces right there the Phillips
with a white to white bolts okay the
Allen with gold two bolts this Allen
with silver u-bolts
so which will it be okay well we're all
know that's Allen capela imagine you got
a man out Sam Briggs regul regular are
right here
red and white do-do-do-do-do
there you go
today go Brian airplane oh that way you
got them this is the big decision what
skateboard
am I going to ride you're so strong
start kicking it oh my god oh my god
okay all right right board you got to
look through all of them and pick out
the what graphic investigator Wow you'd
be great as Ella the Johnny Geiger deck
look see that the white and red sketch
deck can you see that here's the Phoenix
deck Aaron Cairo's deck here's the taco
deck which goes in your tummy this is a
shiny one this is the platinum deck rad
you see yourself in it look oh I
literally can you're looking to go see
the tie-dye deck so many colors oh
here's Doug your minute our deck when
you're sleeping you go is this okay hold
that thought okay we have the classic
Ames brothers deck okay
funny anybody here we have the blue and
white sketch deck space lifeline letter
here that we've got the moon here oh I
don't know if I have how many ever FIFA
yes the warrior deck okay about the
Aaron Carter who did that who do that
the splatter lifeline deck okay it's
kind of like the tie-dye but the tie-dye
on a difference wet spot we are the
black and white sketch deck we got the
Katy drinking water deck hmm we've got
the boom Doug doesn't Celtic the purple
and yellow sketch deck the very first
deck we ever made the red lifeline
county Giger watermelon type life line
never get up or either we've got the
burger deck right in can't forget that
Pliny's 1 2 3 4 5 playing inside you
think Brian Kenny fibers no I could not
I was the other that's a video for your
channel Paul or always skipped one so
last but not least ridin you know a deck
this is the bagel deck you know which
one you're getting
running me the first our very first deck
I think if you have about that I am
skating rely upon a bit so I man I am
100% in wow I will do that alright let's
get all the stuff come on go
ah that's another boy I'm going to keep
it simple I'm going to you can pick out
few stickers to put on my board I'll put
them on the horn
floral super sticky by my shaving down
device nor that is there were less
people there you see you see that right
there reading that's not something we
met with is it we let an adult do so I
never even owned a dot yeah it's kind of
an adult yeah ah what do they have Oba
TX aha
right table I'm a natural and it's
bearing and wheel time isn't it ah mr.
Chris is flying into a sacrifice me
right right there
you got a Ryan it okay i what do we use
are getting that forget looking full of
dragon you actually color-coordinated it
pretty well yeah pretty good heart but
and the red lifeline go good together
go on yeah my true I appreciate you even
when this are picking us up everybody it
looks good it looks like something you'd
actually pick out I agree I guess he's
come home okay my problem are they all
right right intercom kill somebody
all right Pete it's good
surprise mm good for him I know buddy oh
you got me a food thankfully so how
could that trick look the triggers five
did you know I saw in the video that
this is actually supposed to be
chocolate ice cream is it really yeah
and everyone just thought of this group
I don't know I'll find the video and
sure I believe that you saw it I just
know you're asleep
well ridings turning into a Lego holy
crap that that's uh that's something
that was his he said that off camera oh
wow
so ridin thank you for picking out Brian
named skateboard okay don't scratch your
leg why and thank you guys for watching
it Brian
funny enough like landed the tricks you
just learned first try and then this
myth fakie which you've done million
times you've got ten tries but it's
alright all the stuff that we got over
there is from our online skate shop the
Shred quarters calm which is on the
screen there there you go it's all there
for all your skateboarding needs all the
stuff you looked at with Rhydon is in
this shop online so uh thank you guys
for watching thank this dude for willing
to let ridin pick his board for
hamburger job I'm not really job super
cute listen like if I saw that laying
around and you told me to put a board
together I would believe that you get it
so um you did good
hey you did good good job buddy I do
here every single day I do videos of him
with him pretty often - it's my son by
the way if he hadn't gathered that
that's it we're done
hey say say good bye say bye guys Wow
he's a Lego okay now he's a pooping
that's all for you all you will not
believe in you can time Wow angry little
tower any be great politician for a
minute baby religious ha dude Allah it's
a song from the 90's oh yeah you were
like negative 25 grip pull grip pick
good
