but are you stop hitting me in the head
oh we're gonna play that slow-mo no yes
we are I don't think it left the girl
but that was good I'm jumping right now
just smash the tail down that's it
you're almost there
oh stop recording like right what as
well come here red right in oh right
are you okay yeah that doesn't
personally I've actually fallen usually
she just somehow miraculously does not
fall she's like learned blind dancing
before she'd learn how to fall you are
damaging our house that was a good jump
you're on the ground there that do that
but don't don't do that
how's your bud don't do that you sir
what is up guys so there were so many
funny slip-ups and falls and just fails
in general for my wife trying to ollie
that I had to make a little compilation
of it but also this is from an actual
vlogger so that I did last week where
she relearned Ollie's and I messed up I
should just a couple Ollie's and I put
in the one that was not the best so
right now I wanted to like kind of show
you guys this is the one I put in the
vlogger sewed and this is the one she
did right after that which was way
better
oh those really have that one
so I'm sorry to my wife who did a better
Ollie not forgot to put it in but now
here's this video showing you guys it
and I'm also going to continue this with
some unused clips from a day in the life
that I've uploaded yesterday so enjoy
that and just know that my wife totally
rocked that Ollie I am proud of her and
I love her and yeah maybe I'll get her
to try someone else in the future I
don't know but she doesn't skate a whole
ton she's a very busy person so I think
that's for watching watch these bonus
clothes for the day in life and if you
want to see more videos from me hit the
subscribe button and bele button which
will notify you of videos when I upload
them have a good day guys
see you soon Patrick Roger even did a
number on brining he really did they're
supposed to go hiking up a mountain to
get a time-lapse at 3 o'clock in the
morning take over the world newsroom
yeah he was ready even was not still
sleeping Mike will be oh please I'm not
sure thank you in my ear oh and you're
hungry isn't berries right here right Oh
Doug Oh Doug
right we did not cut that that's a
that's a knock the socks it's a really
good one it looks really cool from over
there
it's the horses shove it hey what you
grind gosh
Oh Oh anything food I'm gonna walk you
I'm here you get to do about I'm gonna
watch
yeah buddy amateur go back that still
does I don't want to but I'll anymore
Tommy great there's your head right
there hey there's your head what does
this place remind you of I got five bags
but it's different
no when I locked my keys in my trawl I
just told him about that yeah I was
about to leave for the airport one time
and I locked my keys in my rental car
trunk I'm sometimes smart well I've got
a milkshake you and Ivan had a milkshake
in here in solution wow that's a bit
hard to drink my gosh cleaning out the
car before we go to the airport it's
kind of a sad thing I'm really ready to
go home I miss my son so much but it's
always like oh this journey is coming to
an end now if you like Harry Potter
do you want to go back to this day no
never
