right in oh my gosh hey dude I do do you
know what today is
William House coffee yes grab the box
right now we have a legit putter for
like a putt-putt course a mini golf
course this thing's like we got this off
Amazon for like 10 bucks it's not this
is like surprisingly not heavy okay
right in just holding over this pinky
finger can you believe that super strong
dude we're gonna open this right up and
what he said is right we're going to
turn our house into a golf course
hopefully this thing is good though are
you ready crack this thing open this
literally is like the lightest thing in
the world it's probably because it's
made with like this wobbly plastic this
is gonna be so hard cuz look like if you
missed the hole it goes right into the
lake or the sand trap Wow look at this
wow this is the hole this failure this
is failure this is where we're trying to
get it but it doesn't count though this
is pretty unforgiving because if you
missed this and just go too far like you
failed and you got to go again my time
yeah basically here we got our phone
golf ball which is probably gonna be
most of the shots because we are doing
this in the house it is the grossest day
ever right now is whoa gosh don't throw
the golf balls even the phone one of the
TV it's a rainy day here in Cincinnati
no we're gonna make it look at long is
this is it perfect did you set this up
like this yeah do you want do the first
one right here right now all right all
right riding right here you're actually
pretty good every time we go play mini
golf or grass just hit the ball dude
okay oh you hit my toe all right I took
my shoes off okay so now they're
unprotected so if you at my toe I'll cry
all right do it
oh right here why okay what what do you
have you made that oh where does that
take away a point when you do that let's
see it you are a put putter good job you
get to pick my shot what's for you you
don't want me to do that now that'll be
the dois char that for the end there
okay let's just do a basic shot since we
can this is long I'll put it on top of
the table
I'll put it off it'll go down into the
hole all right you know what you're
light enough that you can stand on this
although you have this one but watch out
for the sand trap and the lake trap we
are like literally making a mini golf
course in our house I know all right do
it
Oh sand trap did not count did not count
you okay that one was like going in and
it literally just floated as like nah
man I want to go to the pool you're in
the pool again all right boy
it was pretty great this is kind of like
a slider all right let's see it
oh my gosh dude I know swimming is fun
but you need to you need to get your
priorities straight
it was not that funny oh well good thank
you for thinking it I'm gonna get you
I'm gonna get the golf ball back three
times you on that two times okay it's
gonna roll down and it's gonna go right
in there do not do not be usually
doesn't thing I'm this funny oh my gosh
I love this time try to go in the pool
okay what try to be do a pool again okay
this is like the hardest whatever dude
what what that is another thing
okay alright it is actually my turn all
right here it is this ball is holding
this up because it would slip down its
gonna go down this hill it's gonna
launch over my shoe ramp and hopefully
into here it would probably break it bad
what will you feel me yes sorry here's
the camera Oh more oh my god Shawn was
in the first try that doesn't ramp at
all oh my gosh oh I thought this was
gonna be way more exciting I thought
it's gonna like launch and there he goes
rocket got this tweet you bet ready what
oh this is not happening I think we're
gonna move this pump astaire alright
tell me this is not going to work it's
huge what a ball game what we haven't
tried yet
yes I told riding to do the bathtub but
instead he wants to do it off the stair
down to there
hey no dude this is gonna be really hard
there you go buddy good luck
are you starting to write there well
that might be easy it didn't go anywhere
maybe if we put a box right here so it
creates a hill though all right we got a
little box action hopefully this helps
okay try we are onto something I'm sorry
I doubted you buddy this is gonna be
awesome
bucks
or did you if you just made it in like
justic dude all right let's see it then
you're back in that little pond oh it's
your funny face all right do it how was
that close the funny face helped man or
now you're sitting down do it you like
bounce
do it
so glad I filmed it like this - that was
awesome that was that would have been
the cool shot we do hey I want to try
the big one but I really feel like you
should do the to the bathroom one you
want do the bathtub one alright you go
up there this is gonna be the easiest
one ever we're gonna get inside
walk don't slip okay be very careful all
right do it
they just reset itself do it again
your surprise fries the pool dude
success alright ready for the big ender
don't don't hit right why would you
Threepio I know Kay no one hits three
people in my house dude I really don't
know who's gonna happen all the way down
there yeah you think I could do that
you know what I think I know why are you
on the floor are you swimming yeah
you're a kitty all right yeah I can see
that I'm gonna go try this this was your
idea
I have a bag of balls only I can stay up
there and just get them done because
running back up and down will be
terrible it would take so long all right
you ready ready
ah
this is so hard oh my gosh I hit it past
YouTube this is gonna be the hardest
thing that's ever happened so there was
house golf we have done a lot of house
videos we got a lot of golf videos in
the house but never officially House
golf and this is my favorite golf ever
what do you think and you did like I
think you did the coolest trick shot
like stairs I don't know I like how
yours like rolled into it off through
the handrail yeah that was awesome so
yeah we got those we kept both of those
things off Amazon did not spend much
money at all I think we spent like $25
tops and I'm gonna keep it and now we
have golf in our house uncle your uncle
loves yeah your uncle Chad loves golfing
okay don't hit me in the face thank you
guys for watching that I do videos here
all the time at least one video a week
with you right we do it well and then we
have turbo toy time but we make some fun
stuff and yeah I hope you guys enjoy it
yeah so hit the subscribe button if you
want to see more videos for me it's
right down below it's free and easy you
just click it you're signed up what all
right thank you guys for watching we are
going it's actually Valentine's Day
today so we're gonna go out and get a
Valentine's treat Wow and then when your
mom gets home we'll give her something
what oh you got a little table alright
and say say subscribe bye bye bye
subscribe bye bye Guyler down oh my gosh
how do you ever fit in that no the hilum
82 mom mom I was like mom comes by three
and she could even agree okay well
what's the end of the story didn't be
scarier or did you just stay there
forever I stayed home didn't I see then
I came out like hi
