YouTube what is up guys it is Q&A time I
actually saw a few people asking for a
Q&A in the comments recently and I was
like I'll do one another's writed he's
not really in this he's not gonna answer
questions but he's right here
aren't you are you taking are you
ticklish when you're not I could just
take you forever you could get out I
asked you guys on Instagram so if you
want to get involved with these in the
future go to my Instagram then there's
over 2,000 questions oh my gosh ridings
immediately gone literally I'm not going
to be able to answer all these I'll try
to hit questions I see a lot of people
are asking cover some distance moto
braids 3 and 85 says win are the revived
tech decks coming out and I would think
late summer I'm sorry that's a long time
the way tech tech works is that their
production times are crazy long so late
summer definitely by the fall and you'll
see new ones in the winter too so hang
in there could be off mark Luga says
with the new wheel on revenge coming and
next weekend so in about one week you
should have a new we are avenged because
it's mostly filmed I just need to film
like one more scene for it and was done
Dalai Lama says did you go to college
where yes I went to University of
Cincinnati in Cincinnati
Jiminy Cricket says why doesn't Bry
names grow a Gandalf beard another great
question I would love him to grow
Gandalf beard and RW 24 says could you
meet John Hale and give a skate no I
fully believe that I could never ever be
John Hale DM escape I think I've gotten
a couple letters on here and there but
he is just insanely talented maybe not
never like if he was really having a bad
day and got unlucky and I got really
lucky it could happen but he's so good
easy RA with spaces in between Ezra
pretty much says why the name riding and
I came up with it I just like it just
popped my head and I was like hey Ryan
what do you think about that and my wife
liked it and we uh it was just history
ever since it was kind of the one that
we just knew right well then we were
like that was the one that stuck with us
and as we kept trying to go more names
really now writing is the one if you
were going to name yourself what would
you name you
I've had wonderful regrets I've had
lover Wow I did not see that one coming
Jack Ecsta says what is the most
impressive trick you've landed on flat
in your opinion and I would say the one
I've recently the last book trick I
learned was a shove it late varial flip
or like a three shovel eight flip
however you want to call it yeah I think
that was the best one I've ever done it
was the only lace flip I've ever done
Danny Stephen says when you were younger
did you ever consider quitting
skateboard and no it was one of those
things that like I mean skateboarding
made you want to pull your hair out but
like if you're like honestly in love
with it you're like it's not something
you're going to quit I couldn't do that
Mayson skates says we're you a sellout
and no I don't think every everything I
have ever done online or have accepted
money for it was something that I would
generally was interested in doing like
when I did my dub thing a lot of people
came out and started calling me a so and
I was like I have dreamt of doing acting
tech commercial work my whole life so
when I got the chance to do a commercial
that's been seen so much like it was in
like the front of the movies like just
for the past few months and like with my
son like I do with my son and my wife it
was like a dream come true I generally
introduced to do that the shampoo works
great and there were all nice people it
was a project I was generally interested
in selling out is when you do something
that you don't want to do for money so
no so all the stuff I've done thus far
in my career I was very excited to do so
and I'm going to continue to have that
attitude in future projects so I'm of
course worried about the financial
future of myself and supporting my
family but I hope that it will never
come to that or I would actually have to
consider doing something I don't want to
do just for money because happiness is
way more important than money
Jesus Jesus says what color lifesaver
would you have as a good question and I
mean red is unfortunately you know what
now would you read I would be like the
one light side Jedi with a red light
strip another kind of cool I'll go with
that I was going to say green but I'm
going to stick with red panda skater 99
says do you think your kid will succeed
as a pro skateboarder and I don't know
honestly like he likes skateboarding
sometimes he wants to do it sometimes
you doesn't I'm not going to push him
into doing something that I want them to
do
want him to find his passion and I want
him to like work hard and not give up
and really pursue something with his
heart and if whatever he does it ends up
him being happy that's what's important
to me so if it's skateboarding awesome
because I'll deal with him if not I'm
going to do other things with them and
I'm going to support them in the things
that I don't do that make sense
capture this force says why do you never
answer my questions and it's probably
because I just have never seen it you
asked about a thousand questions right
here but I'm going to answer the first
one yeah like like for instance right
now there's over 2,000 questions like
it's really really hard to see that and
if for all you guys commenting online I
get thousands of messages and comments a
day and it's like it's physically
impossible for me to go everything I do
my best I promise but please don't
mistake that for me not caring like in a
perfect world I would love to be able to
talk to every single one of you guys and
respond it and answer all the questions
you have but I do my present promise
caption this for Benji 17 when are you
going to have a pro board never
I had never plan on having a pro board
although huge majority of skateboarders
out there that don't actually watch my
videos think that I made myself prone on
that that's not even remotely true Cade
let's champ says would you rather have a
mother 3 port or earthbound HD for the
mission or switch that's a tough
decision honestly I'd rather have a
sequel I'd rather have a new game like
earthbound switch or something you know
um but I don't know probably hers been
HD because I played through mother 3 and
earthbound so much better game I think
but a mother is cool but I like I have a
copy of it so I'd like to see like a
brand-new version of birth on that be
sweet Rick dog 7 says have you ever got
mad at ridin of course we've got matter
right he's a five-year-old and he has
been he's a punk sometimes it just is
I'm overall I'm very lucky with him but
you know I get mad at him I just try to
like I just try to explain like what II
did wrong and really try to make him
understand like how to act and go about
future situations but um I mean kids
just don't listen
again again again so yeah he has his
moments but I love you with him overall
he's pretty easy he's the easiest part
of my life I always say what he's right
over there by the way go rear its iPad
time I'm letting him play with his iPad
for like 20 minutes after school then
we're gonna do some real playing right
wha yeah do you get in trouble ever
sometimes love sometimes yeah don't hate
you too you're about to get in trouble
go on the quarter right now s
skateboarding senses Brian store loud he
looks like you would he totally looks
like you would which that's amazing that
s the best shoes ever thank you
Kelly Hart and Don Brown you got a rule
that's amazing that they asked a
question on your so no I don't think he
does I share he's the one dude that I
share hotel rooms with like we you know
each get a queen bed or not like doubled
up in a bed I'll be terrible oh but no
I've never really heard him snore
although I sleep like a rock too so I
don't know dh2 eight one four which is
my dude drew says you face more
challenges with YouTube or co-owning
reviving force that's a good question
I say actual problems I would say
reviving force because things happened
we were like oh we got to solve this we
got to wrap our brains around this was
running a business there's just natural
headaches and things that you got to
figure out YouTube doesn't present
problems as much as it stresses me out
like YouTube I just have fun to make
goofy videos and I can do that on and on
and on and on going but then like when
YouTube changes algorithm things been
weird last few months I got to worry
about it because it's my future and then
if my YouTube videos don't do well it
affects the company so everyone who
actually watches my videos on a
day-to-day basis that truly means a lot
helps me support my family it helps me
support revive enforce which and then
when you guys carry over and support
revive enforce that supports so many of
the dudes that work for a company and it
just keeps the whole machine going and
it's like a dream come true we love it
so thank you guys but I would say more
problems with the companies but more
stressful as YouTube also if I didn't
have Bry names the companies I don't
know where they would be I would have
had somebody else to help me out with
the whole thing but nobody could be
brining here's a good question how much
and how did your marriage and riding
affect your skateboarding here's been
child now all right why do you need a
new game why do you need this all right
well when Ryan was born my wife she
started on the girlfriend of course
she's always been super busy with school
like she's about to be doctor Shrock she
should be a physical therapist to get
her doctorate all that so she's been
extremely busy with school so it's not
like we've been able to have a really
busy busy relationship like we always go
on dates like on a week basis we always
hang out the house every night
not like we've had a ton time just to
spend all day every day with each other
over the years I didn't - I mean it's my
job by the time Ryden came along
skateboard with my job and you know it
supports them so I go to work and I get
to skateboard so it no it actually
starts getting way more about time I
actually had riding this stuff and what
do you do is oh yeah alright um I mean
as far as a girlfriend I always picture
real friends in the past that would like
respect that skateboarding is a passion
of mine you know just like my
skateboards not going to ask me to stop
having a girlfriend your girlfriend you
know or wife if they really love you
they're not going to ask you to do so
stop doing something you love you know
they're going to want you to make time
to make yourself happy so if it
skateboard if a girlfriend or a
boyfriend
you know whatever you got stops you from
doing something you love in this case
skateboarding that's not the best sign
you know I feel like in a relationship
people should really support each other
and their passions and that's when I've
had significant others that's always
been a very big part I would probably
never be with somebody that would want
to stop me from doing something I love
to answer the questions imply skate more
now that I got married and have a little
guy
who's not getting unlit Alachua Lee are
you gonna let a girlfriend stop you from
skateboarding now you think she'll let
you skate oh good and likewise if you
have a girlfriend or boyfriend like
support them in what they want to do
goes both ways right water you cry
daughter
Wow I just honestly scared you I need to
wrap this up though because this is
going on
so the original Square says will you
ever stop revive skateboards and I do
not ever want to stop revived
skateboards because survive means so
much to all of us and I mean so much to
you guys I you know all the comments
clearly it's something that affects
people and it's like it's part of my
responsibility I feel like the deaf
curious I mean I mean something to
somebody to keep it going and then of
course all the my friends that work for
a vibe and like it helps support their
lives like that's something yes to them
I want the machine to keep going we
haven't gotten bored for one second we
love doing everything we do and I'm
gonna keep it going if it does end you
know I as long as we all walk away with
happy memories and a good relationship
still that's all that matters to me but
no plans on that Nick Brett Novak says
can we get some pin chase yes I don't
know what I'm gonna be in LA next breath
you're actually gonna be here before I'm
an LS
so uh we'll make it happen though okay
last question
lovey 2:13 says why do you think
Thrasher disregards you in your business
and I don't think raster disregards me
and my business
I think they focus on their core
audience we've had ads in thrasher
they've always been super nice to us
in fact I'll go get it there's they just
write in my room oh no sir I am doing a
front board in Los Angeles Thrasher and
in fact they worked just bested me like
a week ago to possibly do like an
interview for an article it wouldn't be
like an interview just on me I would be
like a part of it but I don't know about
tapping and more so we'll see in the
future I don't know but I think if
there's any hate out there it's from
people that just don't want to like us
for whatever reason it is we're all
skateboarders I skate all the time I've
been skating for almost 20 years okay so
I do it because I love it and
skateboarders used to all get along and
I think I wish that skateboarders got
along as like a family as I used to but
you know I don't know it is what it is
my motto is be positive about what you
have going on don't be negative on
somebody else's life it's just a waste
of your energy but that is it that is my
QA it was probably a long one I'm sorry
but I'll do this once in a while but
I'll try to aim to do it like once every
month month and a half
so if you want to do this follow me on
instagram at @anjghie strocker out of
the screen and then i'll ask you but
I'll ask you guys to ask me questions in
the future but that is it I'm done I'm
going to get riding off the iPad and
we're going to actually isn't playing
and I'm gonna clean the house but I do
do daily videos here every single day
gosh you could talk can't you
I have a new dating life coming tomorrow
so stay tuned hit the subscribe button
you want to see more from me find the
bell button on the page and hit that to
do what the subscribe button do for you
and then that is it guys they just watch
them I'm going to pet the cat one more
time oh also get up at chop
Oh any iPad Oh
and my wife put this up and that's not
our child that is just a stock photo of
somebody else's child Oh
you
