we are in Las Vegas yes and I'm doing a
vlog is owed which I don't like to worry
but I'm gonna keep using it because it's
the internet nobody should be a fun day
we have a couple goals we have of course
video parts tricks we're gonna try to
get some of those I'm headed to a spot
right now to get one for myself and then
we are going to try to film a teaser for
take over the world which hopefully will
come out again soon
yes little a little skin before a month
Doug and Daniel journey are at the spot
and we're teaching away we paint a super
it's too rough on that it's rough on
them really particularly oh cool office
building I mean 7-eleven who's but
weirdest Avista Jewish put a job
application and we've made a desk job
Daniel hello what's up dude hey hug him
we just did that
oh yeah hey buddy oh good doing great
how many more time skateboard today so
my day is about good I'm eating yeah dog
keep it up on us from behind we're going
to see a capo manual by you okay that's
never been done as well by me well yeah
I know
well someone grab this have a new horn I
was on a cake okay I have a new board
and new shoes new shoes new board Oh
first try that's not good oh yeah an
excellent trick you do not disappoint
you made this thing didn't you I did I
look super cool right now
no you what I'm a little cool with you
ever look um I'll get back you on that I
just tried my trick for what two hours
I'm going over to our site and it was
the hardest trick I've tried ever I
think
I'm used to boats or dressing like that
much too long I technically landed it
but you won't see my video part because
it was sloppy
oh oh I've never tried that again it's
not on this I don't know how interesting
the rest of this vlog is going to be but
I'm not gonna be skateboarding this
guy's here all right so he'll probably
do something weird son please come out
yeah yeah right oh my God look at your
face alright
gosh we want to bring the tube with us
so we can just do it yeah my body is
going to be the worst lay in the world
and find YouTube would you ever make out
with a horse or give your high school
principal a bath that bad
give a high school principal I'd be
afraid that the horse would bite my
tongue off yeah yeah yeah you fight you
make out the words of the horse yeah eat
an entire cake by yourself or go on live
TV and Moon an entire country you I
would go on TV and middle whole country
why is everything has to be naked I'm
telling it makes for better YouTube it
does it does make her yeah do you write
makes for more interesting questions I
always do whatever the gnarliest want to
eating is archaic is way crazier you
could do a bruise ruining a country is
weathers only a country only takes like
all right you just take your butt out
just eating a cake by yourself Duke you
do that I'm glad I couldn't physically
do is hear my voice getting your own
lightsaber or getting to sit down and
play a game of chess with George washed
out game I almost there for you show
through history that would be pretty
cool man I don't let everyone we are at
the school Brian the school oh hey cool
legs
thanks for not working look what you're
wearing dude I'm a nurse all today
I tried been a lady - what do you got
Doug
whoo Oh
ah look at that talented guy right here
you here's the money
look at that dude are you so good with
that board screen perv
so Ryan was like hey let's let's do a
Doug truck and I said green purple and
they made them and then to look at the
board see the hardware mattress we
should sell like a combo on the strikers
we can do that strike or calm drink
we're stuck in the future yeah yeah it
can be like three weeks
yosh that scares me I'm on subbing
alright we're with Daniel now my hands
are so gross I need to go to shower so
bad so Daniel is as a freestyle wizard
if you if you're new to him on my
channel oh like that that was the walk
up the stairs now I'm just kidding
Bryan wanted for you this is a
Butterfinger rewind
oh wow dude I'm just going on the ground
I'm late that's good yes right there
Oh rocks Oh Mike what graduation that
was exactly when I will have the papers
sent over to you from my for my people
coming from that was incredible
take your shirt off no I totally brought
this as a skate spot because I'm doing
it no I'm not Oh
I'm going to be honest I I knew I was
going to do it because I'm stubborn I
don't give up thank you for filming
dancer here his channels right down
there info and I sucked because I didn't
actually film a skateboard trick for
this video I did do a trick
it just isn't for the video will get you
do a freestyle trick no I can't ah like
bad 5 over alright guys so I'm going to
end this vlog right here I know it was
kind of short thing we always get into
spots today it was long though like I
tried my trick for so long and I'm
hoping that I have an energy and I'm not
the worst sore person in the world
tomorrow because I got to film a segment
for we are avenged so I think that more
Vegas footage coming don't worry but I
hope you guys have a good day peace out
subscribe for more videos to do every
single day
find the bell button then bring it if
you want to be notified of my videos and
I'm gonna go take a shower a hot shower
scrub my body clean oh my gosh so I want
to take off right from here hahahaha
that's out that's all like I should have
you in the armpit and you just keep
going
whatever saying videos them the video is
over silver
oh my gosh you're trying to be upside
down right he's trying to land free
lower back on the board
oh yes that's that's the trick
