Kathy I need a real coffee now you're
fired
we're house one thing about our car
remember that time we remediate pause
the commuter car yeah
was that your car it was not my car I'm
gonna run over here Kasey's your wheels
what day that was Bob Cordia did you
already know I was kind of excel with me
here over to eat it how we having to
warm up is your mummy will 85 Church
Casey you have do this you don't eat
talk are in my pocket that's weird
okay so you have five tricks deal Brian
might come up with them I don't know
those your warm-up tricks after that
your new secret side mission in the
middle in mystery challenge frame that's
what going to happen after that then
you're going to do the same five tricks
you did where we modified with a special
skateboard okay and the trick is you
cannot break this skateboard we've the
discrete board has been in a warehouse
Wednesday before with further modifying
if you do not break the skateboard you
get the other shoe that we owe you
he to the warehouse Wednesday where he
didn't succeed you only got one shoe so
this one of you gets it he gets the shoe
if he doesn't you will forever have only
one shoe we cut you in half me a quarter
miss you know do you agree this yeah
yeah let me go I remember coffee I have
like this much popcorn left baby I want
the worst thing ever when I smashed that
popcorn on your face
so powerful let's get inside forever not
have a warehouse have a warehouse
thank you should Li Mei get things okay
and I am the last person to have a
coffee
I bought a Brian met another coffee in
the future
Las Vegas coffee Las Vegas coffee I'm
going there tonight
the most annoying place from the entire
world's by coughing laughing I did buy
you that coffee in the first place
though okay Casey your first warm-up
trick is a kickflip manual on the manual
pass like
the warm-up heart trip I mean I'm into
that
yeah well you'll warm up by doing a
capable man go do it
I mean and anointed am sorry I always
tell me - because the shirt off me so
sorry coffee would say like do your job
I was just really excited some are we
proud like a text your mom and say okay
alright good bluff a Kennedy did with
last Wednesday but Simon's get men are
in poor girls once it was like
like the Frog that's me clicking right
here that keep it rocking yeah all right
we like that we sundown on that
alley-oop pass template one is it yeah
cry me a river okay get over there JC oh
there's a bucket there's a booty
listen
come on back to poodles get all Carol
what trick it'll hit him in the go nap
is over you're going for a go D'Andre
imogen truck knucklepuck time which
means you have to pop shuvit just gap
the three starts down the bank the bank
yeah the other thing I think I do on my
feet all right on the mystery challenge
is to the taco launch it eat it eat it
I've got a great idea you have to call
your mom and have her on the phone and
then jump over Brian Alex and I and just
tell her don't you can't tell her
anything else you say mom I'm jumping
over Alex Brian and Andy and then you
got to do it and then you got to get off
the phone okay you can't give her any
other information just that okay okay Oh
your mom what and while you're doing
that I'll sit so through it one time I
slept in a two-person cape ten to three
dudes one of the best mentors was Julius
and let your like mentor escape or
useful all right worked out fine you'd
be surprised how easy three nuisance
isn't insulting absolutely those other
two person said before hey mom
yeah I'm about to jump over Alex Brian
and Andy okay is that okay you expressed
feelings of love so you failed that did
you hear what she said when you were
rotted she said no I know you can do it
she was so proud she was like no you
haven't honey okay I put literally less
than three seconds into that we thought
literally pop if you're me
okay so we're going to get that
skateboard over there absolutely
with a circular saw which is well
behaved we're going to kinda triangle
right here and you have knew all this
trick that's why the king club rockin
all there's no way that's going to break
but you can definitely bring it on
bluffing
how's it going to break a jumping over
you guys what what that's not a trick
that was a mystery challenge count
wasn't mr. Collins everyone else isn't
mr. champion would be one more level of
weakness on this case you're going to
break that's right a shove it I'm like a
shove is that okay I thought we were
just keeping that trying well you know
what if you want a shoe yeah I do
actually
yeah you need that other so I hope
you land with a gentle goose feathers i
buy this too okay all right
are you that scared of it yeah why gets
us all I mean you're not gonna like
stand go oh you might don't hit a bunch
of my eyeball did it was exactly what I
wanted to look like
let me get where to one of those
masquerade party why I think you might
fit
now we see either my eyes no dad I think
so sir not look you want to a bow you
don't do a bow test she's a master that
one kicks Lemaitre nice not to have a
time limit I like it
how weird is a look my feet are wear
this with me oh no no repair caps at the
end
and one Eclipse was way better than that
you'd have to be an idiot to Frager
pellicle amount basically the shove it
in the half get slip are the real ones
here worry about I actually wrote on the
kickflip yeah that's the only thing I
was worried about yeah take a lot of my
friend the middle I heard like a
strongly classes being canceled because
you won't win this I don't like myself
either
dude did you have it on socks in the
things I not safe
I got wait for the Devon I thought I was
going you I can't get back up they are
now the time is the skateboard
durability honestly I think those better
than the one on his board he does that
was better than the one that he enlisted
you're not one way better than that what
if that's where you've gone do we need
to take it down a notch Oh that'll be
another episode but shove it
oh this is the this is the trick that
went prank if anything to break it
although I mean honestly I thought it
would give me where the tree stump I can
add topping to your sundae hold this
while you do it
super nopperz laugh you pee your pants
alright so I went to the movies the
other night Oh
use the Clipper clip over is the last
trick you can get away with that every
day
Thank You Casey I can fill that you did
good dude this is the third it's kind of
like a trilogy right this is the third
one and you returned to the Jedi you
blew up the Death Star - you got here
your dad out of there before I blew up
sitting you know unfortunately came to
light sides before tests I'm going to
stand on an island soon nothing my shoes
yeah okay so he will buy us an excuse
you will get your shoe let's go to shred
quarters and award this dude something
while we're walking over there
Casey's channel just popped up right
here okay it's floating there click on
it it's also down the info and he's a
great guy with great things and he's
also who Scott Walker so if you know
where I got you I wouldn't use the
traveler shop with a better resume
instead of I am Luca
our yeah let's go ahead over there it is
trot it okay see we got your shoe
oh wow thank you shake it I want to
shake it it's not a Polaroid picture
okay you don't have to
and then I'm s and it's still here
congratulations I have been a long time
you met you without a fat piece except
dope that yep that's what I said okay
well good job dude you won your where
else once I told you finally ah next
time if you don't win Alex gives you
issues first I know and I don't know
whoa you've been working it up and try
again you come back it up we're going
don't fall on that you're about to fall
on that
you make 20 of a creature it's not
linked at all she is the most Twinkie
shape fit with legs ever exactly know
behind a twink dogs pretty good
considering
