we've got some stuff right here don't we
ride it I guess we can only okay so yes
we have a video involving someone
getting kicked in the face that's what's
going to happen at the end of it what
the story is is that I solve this at the
store and I was like this to be really
fun to make a video out of but we're
trapped in the house today and I was
like how do we make a video out of this
but I don't even know if we can use now
well that is where this cake comes in
we're going to do some challenges with
this and whoever wins most challenges
get the cake the other person to face so
if you win buddy you're gonna have to
take me in the face which I'll make sure
you get a little piece of it to paste to
the Raval ring it's just a debacle
interest that's exactly right okay so
we're going to open this up here and
we're going to see how strong it is it
fires 200 feet in the air to stomp rocky
stomp it it slides or so this might be
too powerful to really do too much
announce but we're gonna make the best
out of it so do you think she'll win
ready mmm
you think I'm gonna win well I'm not
going to go easy so you're gonna have to
really try to beat me okay we're gonna
talk tickle you make all right bust this
thing open this is one award for being
an amazing to it hey which is like one
of the oldest toy in the world I think
that I haven't grown up though Hey
all right here's where the rocket
doesn't hurt all of us house no Justin
when you're like really hitting me stop
you don't kiss you a crazy guy
immediately this is like 15 bucks and it
feels like it was 15 bucks so all of
this stuff peels feels like pretty cheap
plastic thanks for watching but what I
was hoping is that you can aim this and
you totally can
so I think the first channel is going to
be that basketball hoop right there
buddy there's a human there's a cat this
is human okay dog riding you wanna test
this out gotta load this on here okay
I'm gonna hold this and you stomp it
Brian yeah that was pretty cool isn't it
or I'm gonna try to hit the cake right
there okay nailed it
well yes the challenges start now so
we're going to see how many times it
takes to get it in the back ball okay so
what you're gonna do is you're going to
hold it and aim it and stop it all at
the same time can you do that
what here's your rocket sir make
yourself a Ghostbuster riding okay
you're going to aim it at the basketball
hoop and stomp it down and try to make
it in it okay okay buddy we're gonna get
five tries each and the first person to
get it in there wins I'm going to let
you go first okay your rifle you think
I'm in for it well then prove it
go for it wow you almost did that first
try I know dude you got that was really
close though try one oh my gosh do it
Wow look it is my turn oh my gosh oh my
gosh ready
what thank you
that means I won this round you know
what a second alley walk you think you
will is action figure bowling are you
ready
you say you love that we've never done
this before
alright mr. Bo's will kill Bob all right
you know here here's the shredder put it
somewhere
whoa all right right here we have all
the action figures we're going to get
one shot each and whoever knocks down
the most wins okay I am a Master
Splinter and I groove on two one two he
hit by other rockets are you ready what
actually figure bowling time oh my gosh
one two three four that was super good
dude yeah yeah what is that mean kickin
yeah I know we're going to say that that
was your one shot do you think I'm gonna
beat you
yeah you do what he's that clear I've
only got two I hit it like rock said is
one strong action figures you did a good
job you didn't think you were going to
win you did all right we're on the move
aren't we
I think what's your the upstairs and
whoever is the first person to do that
wins wins that round okay you're up
first okay we get one try each whoever
lands it first okay so you know where
you're going you're going over there and
you tell the land downstairs over here
okay I got it
do it Oh
oh wow okay my turn
didn't hit the chandelier I I got I won
that round buddy but you can still win
this okay I if I win one more I win
because it's best out of five but you
can come back one device you'll get the
stomp pad okay so the goal is to stomp
it and make it go through this little
cat tunnel okay but if the cat in there
do not hear the cat
let's see it alright we can do five
tried to each okay oh my gosh that was
close I'd be hard to get through it so
even if you land inside it will count as
a land okay do it oh my gosh
I know you got this dude go back over
there try it again you got two more time
how are you this summon all of your
pikachu power okay okay goodra okay
let's see it was so good so we're right
through it dude I didn't get to try it
if you landed on your first try all
right ridin for the final one we've got
to stomp it up it is a tie game which
means whoever lands this last challenge
wins okay so we get five tries each
we're going to solve it make the rocket
go up and whoever lands in the box first
win and gets the cake the other person
in the base Wow
okay then I was on the chandelier let's
put it right here what is up all the way
up five tries up put it up yes I did
I'll move it up I'll move it out a
little bit for you again do it oh my
gosh you did it you did to kick me you
get to kiss me you you won dude and you
really want to get cake that bad you won
the game though you don't want to cake
dad okay now take you sorry I really
thought that he would be psyched on this
he was upset he was like honestly upset
and you couldn't see it in the shot but
the here watch out but this look
there it is see it was a stuck behind
some bubble wrap we got to make a child
area okay all right so we change your
clothes your incapable clothes don't act
like a crazy person when I take you but
you are about to get rocked in the face
okay right right drags me very hot I'm
not going to hurt you so yeah it's not
every day that summer wins a game and
then wants to be the one case in the
face but I guess ridin was feeling
getting kicked today weren't you are you
ready yeah three two one oh I wasn't
even gonna say back up back up back up
back up back up but I was gonna tease
you I was the one that was supposed to
cake you all right yeah I was gonna
thank him and then he pulled it to his
face anyway
what a cheater is everything you could
hope for
mm-hmm okay there that's better Adam
okay all right guys so thank you guys
for watching I do videos here every
single day so subscribe button you want
to see more from me and I do videos do
not make a bigger mess
oh my you kicked my leg so I will get
these right in the wash but thank you
guys for watching seriously I do videos
with this guy once a week or more
sometimes we actually have a toy channel
we just upload a video today we'll put
the link in the info and at the end of
this video and it just popped up right
here
okay it's a toy channel which we just
like unbox and play with toys and talk
about them it's a lot of fun so check it
out I will see you guys tomorrow here I
do because I do daily videos hits a bell
button if you want to be notified of my
videos and that's it and just generally
have a good day I let's go put you in
the bath yeah now exploding okay we save
this for later well okay well save some
of it asparagus but it doesn't have any
nutritional value dude like you're not
eating this and like gaining anything
from it like apples or something that we
would not smash in our face wonder if it
hurts too an apple is good for you oh
hey you know what right did I ever
remind you that I love you a lot
why oh I do I love you buddy yeah all
right let's go clean you up
hi guys
oh you can sing sing a song about how
you don't take that you use are you
afraid to go I'm about to make it bad
biggest I'm a scammer you're not gonna
take my camera with your eye you read
your your icing pants all right say bye
then don't high-five me just say bye no
say bye
