YouTube what's up today I'm going to do
a video that I thought I would never
make at least for my channel for some
other channel one time but I'm going to
tell you guys how to skateboard basic
okay like how to push in turn and drop
in onto banks and stuff like that so if
you're just starting to skateboard do
you think that you just have no chance
of actually being able to skateboard I'm
going to try to make you see that you
totally can first before I do this you
get psyched up okay so I'm going to go
kick a parking cone personally but I
want you to find something else in your
house maybe smash it break it nothing
that your mom actually wants do it very
safely I got to say that me like
breakdown a box but you know your little
brother's toy that he broke himself like
finish it off okay what is that what
smell of it amazing now I'm ready to
teach you guys how to skateboard so if
you just started skateboarding this is
what it might look like you're going to
usually need to know how to get on the
table as my point but your head good
ball so to start out you're going to
have to find out if you are regular or
goofy footed if you're goofy put it like
me your right foot to join me forward
and your left foot is going to be on the
back or pushing one of the doing now
with your regular footed which actually
isn't like more common than the other
like it's fine to be either 50/50 I
don't know if the ratio is but it's
called regular footed left foot forward
right foot on the back just casually
learning how to ride both stances and
seeing what feels normal is probably the
best way to go about this a good way to
do it is if you just jump and put one
foot forward whatever it makes more
sense to land sideways
that's probably what stance you're going
to be so if your right foot goes forward
you're probably good footage and vice
versa
left regular once you figure out if your
regular goofy footed you're going to put
your foot on a straight okay put it up
and down the board a little bit below
the front syllables like you as far as
you cover it up a little bit it's
probably comfortable if you do that and
you're going to take the back foot push
off the ground place it on the back and
turn both feet sideways
you're rolling on skateboard with you
but now you're slowing down because you
only will you put now you're slowing
down because you only push one person
plates are paying now you're a person if
you're on keyboard or though some person
it's not a place or a thing more of a
person than a thing a dog okay what
you're going to do is you have to remove
your back foot place this on the ground
and kick off and then you're going to go
it first you're not going to use this so
baby pushes just to keep you going low
it's absolutely fine but once you get
comfortable you want your fast kick to
ground harder
and you're flying okay if you're going
down the hill you don't push it all you
just fly down it you'll get used to
feeling it out and knowing what kick
will produce what speed so once you get
rolling down you need to worry about
turning okay there's two kind of
different ways to turn the personality
shoe is leaning okay it's very easy
especially if you have looser trucks to
just kind of lean backwards and go right
if you're goofy footed and way in front
words and go left and then if you are
regular footed those are switched so
okay it crews a little bit I'm going to
lead it backwards this way so now I'm
going to the same thing but I'm going to
lean forwards Oh we'll stop Brock so now
I'm going to just cruise around the
warehouse only using leaning to do my
turn
so now I'm going to go into actually
lifting up your nose to redirect your
skateboard where it's going now if
you're going very fast I do not advise
this because you're going so fast that
your wheels might get caught up and then
you're getting sent off the board and
falling is a boiler current position
will happen a little bit if you're just
kind of calmly cruising around it's very
easy to lift up your nose by flying a
little bit of pressure to the tail and
pointing your skateboard in a different
direction this might be a little weird
to get used to because you know he's
going like this requires a little bit of
balance to maintain and during all of
this where you're moving or whatnot it's
completely normal to be off balance and
stumble off your board to slip out you
know as skateboarding is tough but
you'll get used to it and your balance
will get better and better and then this
one specifically will get way easier so
don't be intimidated if this is too
difficult to try it first
the more you are on your skateboard
easier can again doesn't matter if
you're just cruising it doing either one
just and even if you're being on the
ball off your skateboard a lot you're
still getting better every your being on
the board oh my go this way completely
erect thanks Bill good constic tacking a
lot of time especially if you're doing
it back-to-back a punch and you need to
do it before you go on a date yeah
water stress if you do orange your
breath is just an important just if you
go yeah yeah just eat them all you know
if you double this I would say you use a
combination of these most of time you're
just going to lean and turn but if
you're coming to a stopping point needs
you're around you're just going to
either figure a board or tic-tac in the
right direction and keep going your way
you're going fast and you need to stop
one you could always just jump off into
some grass that's nearby a lot of people
did their tail which I just talked about
a recent video you don't want to do that
some advanced skateboarders that don't
have to worry about their the quality of
their skateboards or their breaking
boards more often than their skinning
their tail down to the point where it
doesn't work properly you'll see people
doing this but on average you do not
want to with your skateboard because it
will give you razor tail okay see
everyone gets a little bit of it
naturally just from innocent
turn around what not in the tail scrapes
or certain skateboarding tricks if
you're like breaking like the whole way
that's going to wear it on your board
and you're going to be going through
skateboards more often than you should
be so use your foot you cannot do an
anti push you're going to cruise them
and you're going to kind of put your
foot down and let it I wouldn't do too
much sliding because you don't want to
tear up your shoe a lot but kind of like
do little steps to slow yourself down
and as you skateboard you're going to
feel this become way more natural it
might be weird and scary to slow down or
stop but just kind of get yourself
together you can always just push use
your arms and let yourself go against
the wall and like kind of take impact on
the wall to pull yourself down - I'll
show you this
like a wall what I'm going to do I know
that what a lot but there's not always
going to be a wall so really get used to
using your foot to brake without just
sliding it or your tail across the
country the last one is not a basic of
skateboarding it's a more advanced way
to stop it's called power sliding this
may be six months down the road once you
can do a few tricks and you got to feel
the momentum and really know your
skateboard this is a way to break I'm
just going to show it to you because it
is indeed a way if you're just starting
out don't really put this on your to do
let's just yet
see how I let my skateboard hit the wall
and I did not let my faces it there was
no wall here you can power slide so you
slow down enough then redirect your
skateboard forward and last thing about
moving on your skateboard is which is
cut well I'm covering in this video is
dropping in which the reason I'm
addressing this is because one is smart
to learn how to actually throw your
wheel down and drop in what this does is
it really helps you get used to balance
and different types of obstacles or
going to require different balances from
you when you drop again there'll be a
bank right over there that I could just
roll into you for you guys it has the
flat plane the decline and then back to
a flat plane so it's going to be like
processing a different balance back to
the round you started from that sounds
confusing it's not what's good to it
so the basic drop in is when you're
standing on your tail right here I'm
going to throw my wheels down to the
bank and roll down it and then even out
went on the flat surface and right away
you're going to see this a lot at skate
parks and this is a great way to start
out to get a lot of speed and as you get
better and more used to going up and
down ramps you're going to be able to
like press down and bend down as you're
rolling down these ramps to create more
speed than if you just simply stood
there and rolled down it that might not
make sense but it totally does once you
start to actually feel the ramp and get
used to your skateboard so this time I'm
going to bend my knees and push as I hit
the bottom of the ramps I'm gonna zoom
away a little faster now we're going to
start at the top and roll down and then
roll out and then I'm going to tell you
exactly what you need to be doing to
actually do this big thing about rolling
down on a bank which i think is harder
when you're beginning and rolling up a
bank is that you have to lean into the
ramp all it takes is making this
shoulder go that way or if your regular
footed you know basically you're just
kind of like going like that and
shifting your weight downward so you
don't just flip out because that is the
most common cause people don't lean
forward and then it starts to go and
then they're slipping backwards in the
bored of shooting out that way that try
and escape or involve these at the dad
of the shape we're trying to roll down a
bank or if I don't track quarter pipe
until you've gotten used to this and you
really think you can try a mellow
quarter pipe less deep one you be like
no champ so just start small and
especially start on Bank even with this
okay I'm going to just like go like that
okay kind of imagine is if you know this
way you could rule down the bank
standing straight up if you're not
useless and you're beginning you're
probably going to flip out you want to
just kind of make yourself go like this
alright so I'm going to go
and then likewise when you get back to
the concrete you're going to lean back
on to where you're standing straight up
with skateboard the best way to do this
is just bend your knees a little bit and
feel it out if you have any sort of
balance you're going to get this with
enough you goes and you might slam this
is going to be the one thing that you
might take a slam right down your butt
and you're like wow I didn't know this
is going to hurt that much you know your
butt is made for just trying to say this
in a decent way your boat is made for
falling it's a cushion it's a pillow
it's right there let yourself fall don't
land on your wrist because risks are
easy to mess up and just you know get up
dust yourself off and try again it
happens to everybody and that is life
okay you get up in Turkey Trot get used
to it lean in and then lean back these
aren't super exaggerated movements so
it's a very slight thing you know
especially with like a mellow ramp like
this you're just going to kind of lean
and then kind of stand back up and this
will all be second nature you won't even
think about it after you've been doing
the few times we're going up the bank
it's completely just rehearse okay
you're just going to lean kind of
backwards to kind of level yourself out
with the bank and then when you get on
top you kind of center yourself back up
again
just enough what's that one you might
even start with that one to get yourself
used to like changing your balance if
you fall it's going to be way less
severe because falling up there's always
better than falling down most of the
time maybe start out with that but the
one you're going to want to really get
down is the down because that creates
the possibilities of dropping in and
getting more speed for a trick or
whatever you're trying going faster it's
just fun in general most of the time if
you can make it down you're normally can
make it up that's a good one
if you make it down you make it up you
can make it up you can pass a 10 don't
don't do that it just sound like the
right thing top me off your furniture is
very smart
get the knowledge by your friend who's
smart right as long as you get the
knowledge there you guys go that was
like kind of a tutorial on how to move
on your skateboard I hope that helps you
guys if you did like this this idea
behind this by teaching the very basics
let me know give this video a thumbs up
and then you can you leave the comments
tell me what you'd like me to address
next I already have a lot of like how to
kickflip golly how to I don't know if I
did a 180 but I have a lot of basic
how-to videos which I will link the
ollie at the end of this video but I
want to make sure that you knew that
following is just a part of it being
afraid of following is something that is
natural for one once you actually fall
and you get you realized it's not as bad
as you're making it up to be in your
head so don't worry about it just kind
of let go and have fun with it I mean
skateboarding is just a fun toy that's
all it is ok it's good for any age it's
good for 10 year old just starting out
it's good for a 35 year old that just
had a kid that wants to skateboard your
kids just was bored and I want to stay
for that isn't so impressive that they
can talk and tell you that but you know
what I'm saying it's such a bigger thing
than it used to be it's good exercise
it's just positive life lessons it
teaches you to fall down get back up and
try again
skateboarding saved my life along with
so many other people everybody here
exactly everybody in this business
that's for sure I want to give you hope
if you're falling if you're just down
bummed about something just keep at it
and it's going to get better so there
you guys go I have to film another video
so I can't do too much skating for this
video but I am going to cruise around do
some basics just to show you what you
can do if you stick with it and like I
said the how to ollie video which is the
first step into actually doing tricks
will be linked at the end of this video
so if you're just starting skateboarding
this might what we look like now so if
you are just starting to skateboard this
is my busy semester hey you're gonna be
so if you are just starting to
skateboard this might look look oh I
might be how it look might be how it
looks that's what I'm trying to say
right let's do this video mentor here so
if you're just starting to step on a
skateboard this is might I've been
talking for years online I still suck at
it so if you are just starting to
skateboard this might be what to look
like that was almost it that was that
was almost a might it might look
something like this
so if you are just starting to
skateboard this is Mike
you
