you - what is up guys so today I am
challenging my wife to do it Ali okay
but I'm at work right now so I'm going
to do some fun things before that when I
get home
that's totally happening so bear with me
this is a blogger so you guys get to
hang out with me for a portion of today
and right now I'm entering a dark
hallway ship not dark at all on you it
was dark back there though she would
hate hey I'm here to interview you
no actually that surprised me though
surprise me - yeah where you going I'm
gonna get challenged Alex and I like you
to juggle you want to do that we're
going to get my key look at your teeth
have you ever cut jump Joe not got it
it's you breathing so this is let me
just kick throw up the inner kitchen
well you're doing it right though oh I
did one you're getting you're good there
oh that wasn't bad right three what is
this video it's a blog aesthetic okay
you're done it hey can you juggle these
really look like they'd be chocolate I
know they're so I bought is it water
dude terrible start
well I was pretty good you said
sometimes you clearly can do it well
that was exciting there was really no
point that I thought it'd be fun for a
vlog hood which I still hate that word
don't worry about it you tell it oh yeah
you know what you do tricks your hands
are wet because I wash them less ladies
the bathroom that is it good that is a
good thing okay you know how you do
tricks I can do a couple yeah you should
do tricks that are really impressive in
front of a camera today I'll try
I was front turning the Box the other
day and I basically I was like you know
what I'm going to flip out jump in the
air and cannonball to concrete so my
butt is going to be the purplish thing
ever in like two days it's terrible
Donald okay you are
and immediately after saying that I
didn't know if I was going to skateboard
I decided I'm going to talk I've got
seven minutes to do
I'm going to try to do my front crew
successfully which I've done before the
glass much rise I felt so hard you
should see it out
Oh an exact spot that I can Jodi
ah that was weird that was weird
oh you'll get it when you please it up
Wow my voice was special now he gets it
Delhi
okay well I wanted Thomas to land a
fakie tre Java what she recently learned
but around that time because I got to do
a podcast my life is just always like
boom boom boom so oh yeah Brad what do
you do when that stuff what you do I do
I do a lot of things okay I got cooked
me I do that um yeah like hey let's make
the 3ds into a console exactly pretty
happily that's pretty much it without
the 3d and my treatise chair table I've
never I podcast done so if you guys want
to see or hear more likely our podcast
I'll put a link right obvious in the
info I'm gonna go home and make my
mother my wife Holly she's done it
before
he's done classroom I she was wearing
high heeled she was like hi Niall food
wasn't she oh yeah that their love you
have like a purse on her shoulder yeah
but she's done she's done at Ollie's
yeah like then she got pregnant what she
goes she couldn't keep skating because
she got pregnant you'll see a drink
you shouldn't I was pregnant I was on
skateboard I actually seen again you
know people who I saw I didn't have the
that's really sharp on that is the
strong plan it was fantastic
there's not a weak one we were just
going over the spring lineup and it's
gonna be really good weed comes up March
right our third and is really that's one
comes out March through tennis with you
but if you want a keyboard right now the
Shred course calm is right there for you
it's our online a shop where we have all
skateboarding good see here to kind of
crapped on the shoes we got ton of
skateboard
we even have snow skating which I want
it to snow in Cincinnati so bad it's
been gloomy and raised because I want to
snow skate and we even have Casey's desk
I just drew this on Katie desk really
wasn't here ha me for what rollerblading
stinks uh-huh Casey's worked really hard
getting my face off of this silly
appreciate that country music still
rocks
hi hi how you feeling dude hey this guy
said home with the earring tonight in
yeah yeah I feel I might look beautiful
oh it's getting better right yes it is
you've been too much right no your mom's
gonna always do that
now you don't think you can well you
know I'm gonna film it you're clearly
ready to go ollie you sure they're just
looking great girl soccer I did no
there's no one's that red and picked Oh
for Christmas see they're not changes
but they'll do good as I got right have
you ever seen a vacuum this tall you
built this
a cat and a stuffed animal
they go you're on a skateboard how you
feel high five I drew this yesterday
we've had this house for a year and the
ground is already this road well you
know I know how it works you got to show
Mom how to do it you don't have a helmet
on sir slide your foot to you know film
dad do an ollie
all right continually Eddie we don't be
moving
mash the tail down well I just split up
and jump escape on I was a pretty good
start
raw as a start ridin you know why your
mom had to quit skating you had to stop
skating because you she was pregnant
with you so get out there folks that
would count that was Darrell I'll bet
you should've smashed the tail down
Uganda
do as you jump though oh I don't think
it left to drop but that was good
that's it you're almost there oh I
stopped recording agree with as well
watch this time he says that with them
no big to your fence it's really hard to
come out in the cold
ollie like even my ollie looks pretty
bad you are damaging our house yeah just
do that a jump Carter don't let your
back home and now maybe defending them
uh I'm very proud of it and I will
reward you with a hibachi tonight we're
gonna go there anyway but yeah we'll
work on your kakeland exit
humble Councilwoman
well that's Carol that's sure you did
just punch the camera first do you want
to duel me in sauk sliding where we just
run and see how far on the floor we
could slide on our socks
yeah all right put your socks on that
minute put your socks on and I'm taking
this this is mine now mine it's mine
it's mine it's mine it's mine it's mine
oh okay all right you have one more
chance I sweat from here so about here
okay let's see it you just go blue you
okay you want here handle the kenwood
okay well that didn't work as well as I
thought it was going to but uh I had fun
for the one flight I did and then you
just fell over
oh there you go but that is it for this
video uh congratulations to mom for you
relearning her ollie now we actually
just did a video over on turbo toy time
that's our toy channel so good boy right
there it's right there no or there's a
link to the channel at the end of the
video and down below so bad walk you and
hit the bell and subscribe button if you
guys want to see more from me but that
is it I do daily videos here so I will
see you guys tomorrow and yeah I had a
lot of fun today and I am the next vlog
until I said this last time but I really
mean it this time the next vlog so it
should be in Vegas if not either way I
want to be in Vegas filming some videos
so expected not just be the warehouse in
my house so that's it read anything you
want to say to youtube give me the
advice you want to give them high school
advice it's like a helpful a helpful tip
all right like raise your arms for
instance okay raise your arms watch up
in an instant look at that reaches plays
you can close your eyes
that's exactly what I was gonna do
always can take one do it do it - man
bye guys
you
