Oh your ankle it's okay yeah I'm fine so
bad that wasn't bad
no it didn't well I can't feel it a
finger buy everything fine all right
oh my god oh you're right
haha alright and like Riley back oh my
gosh alright I want to spot dude ooh you
all right oh you all right oh yeah sadly
it hurts I'm good yeah all right follow
my freaking head try
oh my dariing dude dude you just fell so
hard
would you there's a vertebra somewhere
that's not where it should be
whew
good I'm good I'm gonna happen all of my
god
here those cool there's no getting out
and out you all right oh okay do you
know what happened I'm all right but see
like I like sack myself sideways on
alright dude are you okay well there's a
full Friday right there ah
what I can do Radek
oh my god you all right yeah I'm like
hurt really bad but I'll be hitting
program well sorry
hope you guys enjoyed I will see you
next time
what is up guys so there you go that was
the ultimate skate slam montage I do
this once a while where I put like my
recent slams into a video to show you
guys recap but this was the ultimate of
the old flights okay that doesn't make
any noise at all yeah you're fine come
on how you doing how you doing but then
I got the idea to make a huge one and go
back and put all of my old slam montages
into one so if you have been watching
for a long time you've seen all these
but gods are you haven't seen all these
Falls and it was just really cool for me
to put together a hundred skate slam
montage so I hope you guys dug that this
is my second montage this week and I'm
not trying to get in the habit of doing
this on which budget do 9 videos a week
so that's essentially like filming and
editing an entire movie every single
week on top of being a full-time dad and
running two companies it is a very busy
life so bear with me guys but I hope you
guys enjoyed that we're getting a bunch
of stuff in here at the Shred course
calm which is my online skate shop so
here we go skateboards and wheels and
trucks and all that stuff pretty much
anything you need for skateboarding we
have it there straight quarters calm but
yeah I hope you guys liked that montage
I will be back tomorrow with a new vlog
ax sewed and then videos every single
day so hit the subscribe button if you
want to see more hit Savelle but if we
could find them on the page that will
notify you when I upload a new video and
how does this I might cut to a clip of
me messing with Casey the other day oh I
just recorded a talking part for a video
oh but you're an end video this is the
bonus clip do a heel flip first try
you
