here you go nope we're health wednesday
warehouse Wednesday warehouse
oh that hurt leave the first-aid kit
thank you feel better no where else is
it is warehouse Wednesday oh my god
genuine terrified nailed it look at
where I came in
so two sir warehouse Wednesday House
Wednesday agentic where comes because it
helped one day no so much fun Wednesday
near zero vacuum it was broken
Edward warehouse Wednesday night way
through warehouse Wednesday oh my gosh
that went about as horrible possibly
that way to my feet dude we're health
wins been so yeah I'm watch it oh yeah
where I want this what's it dude why are
you out why are you here you want to
explain Commodore
not where help Wednesday where else one
day and behind me but I don't care how
much you pushed right warehouse
Wednesday I destroyed you what house
ways that I got the crap button I got X
then those fun gone we're help one hell
of a ton of stuff here that got it you
got it
where else wouldn't they be those hard
warehouse Wednesday he finally did I've
got it back hi
freaking we're up Wednesday today
favorite is running away I made it for
health Wednesday where else is that what
do you guys ready to shoot out the door
like me like what warehouse Wednesday
all right sent we can warehouse
Wednesday class by warehouse Wednesday I
kick that door I'm going to throw this
at you bring it
Cathy need to bounce the ball step Oh
laughs Kathy Kathy I need a squad and
then they were not there the warehouse
Wednesday yeah it doesn't right it
didn't work and go oh my gosh
let me try do a my warehouse one being
it Oh
hit you ha ha nailed it ok warehouse
Wednesday where else perfect ha ha ten
dozen bride angels me how many people
that full look at is it warehouse
Wednesday is warehouse Wednesday that
has anywhere else
kidding
warehouse Wednesday warehouse Wednesday
what else normal Judas yeah it's our
friends I mean I got would you put that
on warehouse Wednesday you're going
ladies and gentlemen boys ago that was
Teddy and II do pizza we're finally here
warehouse when's that what in the world
are you doing dude Brian I do it where
else Wednesday could you just not bugged
me for five seconds calm down
we're health Wednesday hey Brian hey oh
go on yeah who is it today it is me it
is you are you doing today I'm doing
okay
give me never mind
we're help Winston well
kidding whorehouse Wednesday
haha I did it I've got to check your
footage of that to me what do you are
totally kidding warehouse ones that it's
October packages in place three two one
warehouse Wednesday Oh hold on talk to
us we're health Wednesday warehouse
Wednesday
go on Rex
perhaps Wednesday go go where dude
Dooney get down from there come on we're
health Wednesday that hurt so much as we
go no why you kill Kai again where else
mines there's a broom is one guy fuck
you on them all where else Wednesday I
like our dead tiger I'm gonna freak out
all the week
yeah I got are you kidding me yeah yeah
you're gonna do that
get inside go I even said warehouse
Wednesday with a very angry man go Brian
warehouse wait what goodbye Brad where
else Wednesday start for killing you
yeah it was he finally didn't kill ty
what I get it you get it
freakin that's pretty good twenty
warehouse when it is where else
Wednesday is a special where else went
Rick because they already saw old it
really yeah the whole montage just
played the background that was the back
the back end it's not what happened left
that weird that's it well we love doing
these videos we have fun of them every
single week and this guy continuously
kills it and I keep thinking of weird
ideas for him to enact ass down back
down yeah so just to give you some
skating we're going to give you a little
recap of some of the tricks that he has
landed recently and then and then we'll
be here that's it nothing more to do I
like that this is a filming day watch
him skateboard and then we back next
week starting a whole new era of where
else Wednesdays where we started saving
up for another one of these sit
absolutely walk inside and I do whatever
else you want to do would you like
nobody it's not force can't put that
back
you
yeah how is that ever happen deep I
don't know all right going to the -
that's completely natural I was real
that's stock
