Yussef glorious day to skateboard not at
all so I am doing a snow skate video
with Garrett how you doing ambition snow
skates was nice enough to send me a snow
skate we helped me out with this box
here it is
look at it oh it's got a bunch of
goodies in it and they did this at the
beginning of like the fall but it just
never snowed here in Cincinnati so now
it's snowed and we're gonna do this let
me get all the goodies yeah cool dude
that looks awesome I've never I've
skated some snow skates but never this
heavy duty I got a text
hahaha I mean it kind of feels steady
but I feel like that's that's what you
want
shoes are gonna stick to it pretty good
yeah let's just try to not suck let's go
to the skate park and snow skate park
let's go snow skate park let's go that's
fast instantly cut to the skate park
we're here be smart Park snow snow age
ice age
oh that was sizzling I talked so fast
it's no skating at least good sizzling
I'm sorry do a drop in and then a
lipslide here and then land I did it
all right so we don't really know we
were doing but we had fun and we made
some tricks happen so I just want to say
thank you to ambition the snow skates
and Alex over at ambitious snow skates
you guys rock if you guys want to pick
up one of these it's very legit my gosh
get the extra bit I don't know what I'm
doing on this but I feel like I've
actually put some time in I could rock
it so that it'll fit we'll be right down
there
what that's right man whatever yeah yeah
so we're gonna chop through the tundra
back to our vehicle YouTube what's up
guys so yeah this is the throwback
Monday I have to explain this every
single video that's why I put the little
warning at the beginning of this too
because I've been doing this for months
now because a lot of videos got shut off
on my channel on accident and I'm just
reading them to get them back into the
YouTube world they're not showing up in
searches they're not showing up in
suggested videos and this is one of them
this one was a little weird because it
had spikes that it randomly like
re-entered YouTube and came down and it
was mostly not being live on YouTube
Anna's winter and I haven't been able to
do listen to his getting video I thought
it'd be a appropriate time to Bri upload
this if you want the full explanation of
my reupload situation there's a link in
the info you to apologize there like
that which wasn't supposed to happen to
you we're gonna fix it and it just never
did so this is just my way of solving
the situation but it is a cool way for
me to go back and look at these videos
and this was my first snow skate session
and it was like the only time I've
honestly been able to snow skate and try
tricks because like pretty much the last
two or three winters I've just been
terrible here in Cincinnati like like if
it snows I'm out of town or it's just
like this much and you can't stenosis
skate that well on and there's a tiny
bit of snow so but watching this session
I was like wow actually did tricks
because it was there was snow and it was
super it was way easier but there's a
lot of fun so hopefully one day I will
able to a snow skate again but until
then hopefully we'll gets warmer and I
can skateboard because that's what I
want to do I have a new video with
riding tomorrow
then I have nowhere else Wednesday where
I'm up and then new videos all the time
so if you want to see more for me just
hit the subscribe button it's free it's
easy it's a super fun thing to do but
yeah that's it guys I'm going to edit my
life with it and so I'm doing so uh god
the skateboard if you can or snow
skating if you can do that either one go
board but don't be bored all round uh
I'm so glad you didn't land that because
my stupid face is in the shot
