oh look at all this stuff
oh don't cry mother don't climb I like
it now get out get out right right well
yeah it is yours
so we are doing a huge unboxing for this
guy and it just so happens to be his
birthday when we're filming this right
what yeah so as you're watching us on
his birthday but right now it for us it
is and there were some boxes stacking up
at the warehouse that were to ride in
and we're going to unbox it yeah such an
appropriate time nice knowing right I
want what is that your favorite I don't
think I mean in my shoes I have no idea
i lo it's anything this is from Kayden
is in cave and uh never anyone feels the
need to send us stuff but we are truly
truly thankful when someone does so we
appreciate it but have to say that
because I don't want to feel like we're
asking for things at all but this is
from Kayden who is nice enough to send
you whoa you don't have these guys this
is constable do Bo and Neen them yep
that's awesome
so there we go look and he wrote a
letter so it says hello Andy the box
contains some stuff for right in I love
your vids I hope you get two million
subs
oh yeah you can turn the Ames rather
learn to a deck that would be fun but a
dirty little something to having a briny
ball game it's been like scruff was more
coming here what is it well close all
the Star Wars pictures Darth Vader well
no a stormtrooper
no that's Barney and a picture of me
yeah rack if you don't open bag it is
pretty cool voyons thank you very much
waffles warm up oh good they bake baby a
big baby
oh this is from LD RI how that mean oh
right
bubble wrap which is very exciting
what's in there oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
yeah okay sing it cracker Kong this
literally is like your birthday look at
that oh my gosh Wow okay so this is from
Thomas starsk they didn't put a note in
it I think it came from actual Lego Wow
what do you say - Thomas yeah this is a
detailed said I built this already but
Ryan has not riding on happens this is
awesome thank you very much Thomas that
is one of the best lego sets of all time
is that a big baby - yeah okay so this
is from a rush art who is an artist from
New York and they've actually drawn you
before and both of us they're insanely
talented oh well there's pictures of us
already not your mom who do you think
I've ever seen mean a blue shirt or look
that young you yeah yeah oh don't don't
daughter you do oh look at this
all you gotta hang these up here so
they're in the videos look at that oh my
gosh
look don't use the face yo you scrappy
we're going the corner yes what I'm at
I'm sorry can you do that on your
birthday I am in the face of birthday
look at that
how good is that you drawing that more I
can't either
this is beautiful I did not mean to hit
you the basic sorry
it's a bulky picture let's go there's
one more in here it's baby riding
toddler riding this is so awesome from
the bottom of our hearts thank you may
rush art this mr. macho a very nice kid
yes this is awesome so so awesome we are
going to get these up on the wall army
people love you people laughing what
that was probably the best thing you
could have replied they give me out yeah
we do care about everybody right one
yeah wow this is like overtaking the
room so big one from Elizabeth
you remember team ever Elizabeth are we
good consoles oh yeah the takers oh yeah
she's so nice isn't she one so she said
so much stuff yeah let's uh oh my gosh
is like this is just so much stuff in
here oh gosh I have no idea you like
Pokemon writing I realize enough yeah
clearly all right little buddy there's
so much stuff in here let's just start
taken out and you can play with it all
there hey there's a Pokemon book here is
a box with your stuffed animal TV look
at this a baby a blanket I can take it
out in love with one spoonful you take
it out in love with it as though he said
wow look at this wow it's like a polka
mini mini Pokemon playset yeah it is
very okay yeah Wow look here's a
dinosaur all right thank you football
Pichu there was a Pokemon inside Wow
look
I had no idea that we could happen
awesome huh pretty cool on another one
oh wow yes that you have to put a
Pokemon on there we got a Leonardo look
at look at the storage right it's gonna
get you good ride in a ton of Pokemon
card oh my gosh we really should have
started with it here's the letter cause
there's some more even more stuff in
this box
Bob the cat Oh Merry Christmas to the
family I hope it gets well for you all
this took a second to get to it
Elizabeth Elizabeth is awesome she's
been a longtime supporter she traveled
across the country just to come to our
skate and hang she's visited shred
quarters too clearly Elizabeth Ryan is
excited about all of this stuff show
your face how excited you are
the Pokemon pack a special Goosebumps
book where you get to choose where the
story goes and you got another pokemon
book oh my gosh what's in here oh my god
every pokemon figure ever Wow look at it
buddy you got hooked up so much you're
going to do do something special for her
birthday aren't you
what so much stuff and you gotten
present still here all this is the both
of us
Oh Star Wars puzzle there you go right
baby I cannot believe you just got this
much stuff so I want to say it one more
time never feel the need to send us
anything especially guys guys so much
now but from the bottom of our hearts so
it really means the world that that
people care this much about riding about
what we do and I just wanna say thank
you and that's why I want to do this
video just to just to acknowledge that
this stuff was sent to us say thank you
for having more hearts mayro short check
out the Instagram everyone seriously
thank you so much in videos every single
day but we actually have a cool
father-son cake tool where we play a
game to see who cakes the other person
coming next week but anybody that's here
every single day spin subscribe button
hit
Bell button if you want to see more and
I'm going to clean all this stuff up and
sort it all out you've got so much
writing has been so excited about
playing with all this stuff
what buddy you want to say full-hearted
thank you to everybody guys near after
your line do you understand these people
are just sending this to you there yeah
that out of the kindness of their heart
they're sending you this stuff how does
that make you feel very posses thank you
guys
neckbeard I wear a tear of August stuff
oh yeah well it's good because it
actually is all mine I'm gonna keep it
yeah yes it's all mine especially this
and this
and that
you
you
