you see what is up guys so the other day
I was challenged to do a marker flip and
I didn't think about making a video but
I was just started trying it and realize
that it is the hardest thing of the
world so I was like screw it I'm gonna
do a video and I've got like 30 minutes
before my friend gets here to skateboard
so I'm gonna try to do it in that time
and 30 minutes having a lot of time to
dis is super hard so hard everyone has
done congratulations if I did it first
try I would literally punch myself in
the face in a great way oh maybe done it
hard I got it I tried for like five
minutes at eight I did not come that
close I don't know why anyone would want
to do this oh you please just do this
that was terrible oh my god and it was
like five seconds and in a spell did it
I didn't believe it I did not believe I
did that
oh my gosh that is way more rewarding
than any sort of bottle flip ever I did
it Brian
you did it it was it was a how long
Denis me what time is it to be 16
minutes okay yeah not bad I think
frackin who's the flip guy had taken 20
minutes depends per second my knees with
the marker yeah I'll do usually look at
my channel he did one without looking a
blind algorithm doesn't change too much
for the depression and some kid
apparently made it go like this like he
puts one no watch it I'll put the best
marker club in the entire world
nice bottle that's for Danielle alright
so there you go I need my marker flip
I'm done with marker filling for my
entire life probably because there's no
way I was with any more effort into
doing more than that but it is about
time to skateboard so this log is owed
I'm going to skateboard with my dude
Garrett you coming up for like just an
hour or so and then hang them on those
dudes I got a unboxing to do it'll be a
fun day but uh since I have been
eternally gloomy okay like four months
it's just nothing but gloom and rain and
it's been terrible it was like all I've
been able to do is make videos inside
aside from the times that I've traveled
but my gosh I am ready for spring and
it's only January stairs here
I think edit is pretty good it's
skateboard time
good from Bordeaux oh my gosh
beautiful
yeah
Oh hold my hand they're going to me
yeah I like that
doing with skating I think it stands out
long at all because I had to grab the
camera and film Garrett's and whatnot
Casey doesn't leave but now it is lunch
done finally I'm going to do that and I
got to do a podcast so I cut to a
hopefully delicious looking salad salad
I'm going to eat this I'm going to put
this inside of my face oh hey its
podcast time strike back podcast I'll
put the link down there we're doing a
new episode this guy is about to get
married actually
I am graduation mixer and it is now the
turn into yeah
once a week every Friday I don't know
I'm confused oh no it was all out clean
up yeah let's do a Chewbacca public
without Han Solo let me weird it it'd be
incomprehensible working on fake
skateboard get your face off of my phone
you know what I should put this video up
on the weekend because there was an
awesome sale where you guys can buy
multiple decks and save lunch money for
we glue it cuz this is Monday but we'll
just make a sale right now I like that
we have posters do you have one we have
one robot posters every skateboard this
week gets one for free I like it
do it the straight quarters are calm
your face is right there it it it's
Friday funny but it's actually Monday
because these people were here at Monday
I know it's Thursday really kind of are
you ticklish
I am home with this guy
his father son night tonight and yeah I
got back are you all right okay
I got a package from Pinker which I was
not expecting at all they usually they
sometimes just send me stuff and it's
awesome I have no idea what's in this
box aside from awesome tech stuff well
I'm gonna unbox this and we're gonna do
some cedar boarding to wrap up this log
aside you kick off your socks
mm-hmm freezing to the bathroom don't
put the sock on my face oh no not a toy
this is anger such a company poly kill
it's not shirts done enough good stuff
battery chargers external battery oh
this is the power fusion 5000 there's
five power fusion fight down so I don't
know what this is I'm going to take it
on the Box ridin got the important part
didn't you go tell YouTube and why'd you
just miss me repeat Oh anymore you do it
my gosh go over here alright let's see
what this is huh oh it's a wall charger
so it's a really fast wall charger it
has two USB and a micro USB and these
things are facts so this is their
updated model of it and I love these
things thank you so much Lawrence and
Anchor you guys are the best I'm so
proud of everything this company does
like if you guys need a gift for your
dad or mom and doesn't match it under
your dad or mom but they make awesome
tech stuff that's affordable and really
really convenient all stuff just ready
okay I did make a noise that was the
noise you were looking for
alright so we're going to fingerboarding
for you guys because I know you guys
always like those videos and that's it
I'm going to spend the night hanging out
with this guy and a quality father-son
time I have a Princess Leia fingerboard
I'm totally gonna do a kickflip lipslide
on Israel
oh they perfect kick dark lips I'm doing
the rail to rail like this
I just felt okay I've gotta join I stand
out I'm interested to see where this
goes
kickflip five-o and you're dead oh you
survived can't give me five dude alright
I'm going to grind this Manali over this
one okay sick and dry and then something
completely crazy you the first time
right so there you guys go I just wanted
to give you a little bit of something
else other than just an unboxing and it
is so gloomy disgusting out today and I
just want to point out that the next
vloggers those are going to take place
in Las Vegas because I'm headed there
next weekend for a wedding and then it
turns into a ski trip so that'll be fun
although I will miss this guy so much
it'll just be a weekend buddy
but I have a lot of videos on the way
including of we are avenged very very
soon hopefully but that's it Renne
anything you want to say to YouTube
thank you thank you bye was it thank you
by like a no or not whatever exactly hit
the subscribe button to see more for me
and if you want to be directly notified
of all videos being uploaded hit the
bell button on the page and then a light
just to eat on your phone a pop up like
and it's got a new video I truly
appreciate all of the kind things and
the views and everything you guys do for
me so that's it I'll see you guys
tomorrow
right that's fine Jim here was calling
me
hey you can't how you doing it just
hanging it out here the shadows are you
smelling me okay
got a weird what do you do though when I
go can I ride you
you'd be my like a dragon I'll just get
up there I fell down
