Museum what is up guys
so everyone like nerf guns and we escape
bored so we're going to combine the two
as we have in the past but we're going
to play a game of skate collective I
wasn't gonna do it
College Oh fair you were a hoodie so you
immediately have like like armor on for
this video but we're gonna shoot to Nerf
darts these are the heavy ones that I
can actually hear yourself in the head
feels like a like a rock no head okay no
purpose head no purpose faces but we're
gonna play game of skate while shooting
darts at our friend I'm his friend he's
my friend oh we're friends I think its
first two and three on for another good
okay now that I think of it it just
means I get shot first yes you do right
here having home field advantage you get
shot first but then you get to shoot
last maybe let's do this
here this is in my head right bad
it's not that scary when you actually
try it
he was nice but he like shot towards my
knees I'm not Raveena
dang it I hit him right in the heart
it's like he doesn't have one
I just missed a fakie shove it your turn
gone that's the good strategies you sure
before they try to trick and during I
avoided your face
I'm totally glued all right
Oh terrible but I'm taking that I still
have to keep I keep really hung out
shaky shove it doesn't matter if you
kick over now
should we do call duty angle that was a
little high I'm sorry whoa the world of
that right there I get hit it doesn't do
anything
yeah hey I anything about Zurich that
sucks I'm not going to learn this
oh yeah that was pretty bad you count
down you happy just deepen it was gross
hey man so I just really dug yourself
did decide to look it up so yeah sorry
I'll play you or the winner of this game
will play dog guy coming to town
probably Alex to point like stayed on
his shirt or hoodie whatever it is does
it sound effect do anything for you
going
that would hurt
I get a harder trick yeah you're gonna
faking you what do you ever see me I
don't know I know I'll do the right
thing do you he said that videos that
dude that shot himself in the mouth of
the paintball gun again why did he do
that say to you dad that he's in my head
at that point remember how awesome was
renting a video game a blockbuster and
playing it all weekend when you were
kids kids don't know what blockbuster is
did I have forgotten what I have to be
where yeah nobody knows about it don't
worry
these look what is the shoe can you
always react that way if I can shot in
real life I think I would do that the
person would probably feel bad like that
I really deserves that God it means you
saw I've had to shoot you I'm inkay he's
a soda man right through the legs I
cannot believe it
when shoveling youth game I'm like
veteran switch very that second one was
good ahead and read the heart he doesn't
have one kind of mean
and he's down person dang that was
really close to this London it's not
gonna look good if I land this is not
gonna look for you all you wanted it
fits again I can take you hard for like
one day month muscular front side for
would make over that camera shot the air
next that's impossible to concentrate on
regulating them pathetically just not
with know their cars fine I am sure you
surprised give me a power Howard
I don't I try name low but I went over
your head I've never seen you do a front
so that looks great yeah well that's
until they all were 1999 you should hit
it with a gangster style no I mean yeah
yeah bruh yeah Brooke guess a year bruh
haha what was that but yeah that's
because you were shooting it wrong I'm
putting that in you got to hit him with
a gangster style
took the map son oh I'm not gonna do it
Musca I'll do it normal how I did either
way my little like I was gonna give them
that defense
Jonas frontside little hurdle now
doesn't done
what Megan
this one wasn't
he's gonna kill me why - stop it now
like we know and is gonna die I think
shooting him or water
I can't do anything I'm a team I must
die I've got anything practicing your
trick you just practicing your trick at
all he misses Rico dude
when I'm feeling shy that done this is
beautiful
I'm gonna hit you in the head I have
right in the budget yeah well I did I
say thank you that's all toe on the
ground you go higher foot that was not
count at all
your turn beautiful you get I landed one
of these in my life is in Hawaii we shot
Irma's did it you got one more one more
my lord don't even have to shoot up
watch it
no miss Daniel skate every good good job
this guy rushed me and here's a YouTube
channel which popped up right there oh
my god so hit that is why you can and
it's also down the info but yeah I can't
believe I haven't done this go get it
before me so we will have Doug versus
Alex a panel of experts rushes right I
don't know you might not really good
good it gets in your head thank you guys
for watching other videos here every
single day hit the subscribe once more
mainly check out his channel has a lot
of funny content on entertaining weird
stuff and this skateboard together wall
skateboarding I did do that I was like
well very hard of ideas ever thanks for
watching you guys have a great day and
make sure you get on their skateboard oh
my
you're so scared Jesus pointed to
nervous
