YouTube what is up guys so today I have
a fun video I am going to turn a knife
into a fingerboard and by fun I mean it
should be fun for you to watch I hope
that you not slice my finger to get I
don't think I'm gonna like cut a big
show get it or anything I'm not I might
get myself into some a mandated
situation so first things first I need
to break this free from this which I
really hope this is a sheet nice because
that doesn't sound safe at all so let's
go into the warehouse we're going to do
that and grip this and we'll come back
here and super glue the truck onto it
and I probably should have to say this
but this is playing with 9 don't try
this at home slash your finger old man
or some if you have one are you over
some with lunch yeah you want help me
break this knife blade away from the
handle jar I think we put it between two
pieces of wood look up and then just
bash the end of until it falls off you
think that'll work what's the purpose of
this I'm gonna get a finger board knife
ok haul sharp it is I really hope it's
not too sharp I had to start the trap
yeah
so I want the edge to the blade will you
just stop it that doesn't seem too
unsafe boy that was so easy oh you can
have it in the sharp end though I guess
that's no different than the other side
now perfect was that I mean there's my
finger board dick yeah you can have that
I just uh says it that little thank you
here's a peek a grip tape I'm going to
grip this I'm going to go back in to the
other room that was me this must wait
here I thought was going to be so I'm
very very happy about this
and there is a perfect shape of the
night we have a group cave at night I
make it a nice fingerboard
you don't want to land primo don't
here's the grips tape nice blade still
has a sharp edge on it so I would like
to get through this video without
actually getting slice at all but will
say I got that santa cruz neck to
support my brothers over at NHS and
santa cruz eventually be able to have a
revived picnic because these come out
later this year so i'm going to take
these trucks off there and really hope
that super glue let's this happen I got
some tape if all else fails I have to
use like a strong sticker so alright so
I'm going to take the deck I got the
truck and I really got to do this
carefully because it's going to be
exactly right where it should be
so I think I'm going to start with the
back truck I really just need to make
sure I have the right amount of tail so
I can pop my tricks
putting that good so let's to please it
alright so I'm going to let this dry for
10 minutes and meantime I'm going to
play Mario on my cell phone the time had
come
these feel pretty solid really solid I
just hope they don't break so i'ma start
with Holly oh my gosh that was ways
Briony to try this over some quick here
for that solid you be I wish they had a
more skateboard nice Lane boom there it
is shove it
terrible terrible pop do the shove it's
hard
move it cuts
what this is the tale to do it that way
you left hand what you trying to do
whatever you want to do I be done I'm
serious that's pretty good you're just
like winging it around I was like trying
to do actual trick oh you gotta admit my
history book with all three of your legs
right back here okay Wow I'm going to go
through some of the basics there we go
crunch up whoo
kickflip heel is hard dude I hope I
don't like throw this at my face I
should wear glasses dude the cable is
the hardest one oh wow I was coming
there was was a kickflip it was so
terrible what I did it let's go
barrel heel that's mine coming those are
gonna like throw the night shop to me
right in the winter I'm not doing very
feel what are you three foot what does
he want oh my gosh do that here double
cherry what was that it was literally
looking back flip that was a three flip
boom
did we take a three double darn it all
right I don't know if that was double
either that was so smooth I'm just gonna
take that and now we got this this is
one Macaulay for all I can Wow granny's
awesome five oh no lip
oh you're darn right now Liv
they spent on board all with a big flip
from work hahaha I literally like put my
finger on the side of it in that Felton
on there I cut myself but it was really
strange yeah pretty good II kickflip or
throw the knife across the table cool
yeah oh my god oh I generally stab
myself it didn't break yeah I'm good
that it goes don't flip alright
go over the gold the three flip flip oh
my gosh I think that was it is there any
rules to this yeah the weather is this
oh it's a blade can i shape with this I
suck
don't get stamped or oh what is that
I don't know just you don't so dumb
well no er it's hard to do I I feel like
I'm wasting my life at this you didn't
do it for three seconds yeah how much
one-footed pot oh that's I'm doing
really oh my gosh so there it is there's
the knife finger board I got pretty
lucky I didn't get stabbed my wiener had
a close call but I didn't get sliced
open or anything I got poked a few times
but I have skateboard hands so the top I
didn't break the skin I'm good yeah it
was pretty cool wow this is actually
work just worked out way better than I
thought it was going to and it didn't
break it also I don't know if you guys
want to see more weird fingerboarding
videos maybe I'll keep doing it go down
there and give me a suggestion on what
else had to turn into a fingerboard and
I will make a video on it but I new
videos here every single day hit the
subscribe button and the bell button if
you want to be notified when I upload
new video but I do do it every day so I
will see you tomorrow guys
and uh let's just do a aboutis double
flip nothing close to us
thank you everyone find it that's a
little one
give it a give it a go oh good you're
looking up really creepy crabs online
crap it blends in because it's on grip
tape recorder do a three-foot Gary is
actually sharp right here yeah I know
that's the whole point
or everyone Oh Vera flip that works here
say bye on Charmin time
