you doing what's up guys I see that look
you look like you have been to school
and if you've been to school you need to
take better care of your skateboard I'm
going to roll I'm shooting I'm just
going to roll then it does the top five
ways to keep your skateboard in better
shape and make it last longer so I'm
just going to list them a time I do a
little painting to be a fun video but if
you follow these you're bored you look
nicer and this is going to be stronger
in general so here we go number one the
first thing is tail scraping a lot of
people do this and it's the sort of
thing that people use it to like break
on their skateboard well your footage is
your break and don't slide your foot
either on the ground but you know do
stomps on the ground slow yourself down
do not use your tail that is going to
give you what you they call razor tail
it's going to be really thin and ship
easier your tail in general will be a
little less strong when you're going to
a stop going this put your foot down and
take away the speed with your momentum
of your body this is what tail scraping
looks like
it's hard to even do myself it's a
terrible habit to get into even a lot of
people when they're rolling up the gaps
and they're not ready to try it they do
that to slow down don't do that okay
that actually felt bad me doing it it's
going to happen natural on subjects like
five-o is like your tail mine scraper or
manuals and nose manuals when you mess
up
it just happens but you don't want to
like add to that so don't do it if you
stop tail tripping right now
the person that you want to go to the
movies with you will not go which will
leave you open to go with your soul mate
who's totally down to go so don't scrape
your tail soulmate love it let's move on
tonight hey number two first let me do
this go back don't be that dude
skateboards have tempers I'm guilty of
it too not that I've ever freaked out
like that off of a career grind but I'm
saying when you try and sit for an hour
and you suck it's hard and you're going
to want to throw your board if you have
to throw your board you're one of those
news or do that you know whoever you
just have a problem controlling your
anger really try to throw like this all
four wheels on the ground that's going
to be less abusive to it but in general
just don't throw it and I know it's
giving you the best view sometime you
guys throw it but when you will you lose
control can you throw your board it's
going to be like this and your board
will be more likely to ship or ship on
the actual throat I've seen some great
boards on accent walk growing them
granted you have to be pretty hulking
out till three aboard try to control it
find some other way to like release your
anger I don't know and it doesn't help
you land restrict it does not help you
lend your trick either you get you more
like disconnected I understand you're
human on two and I get mad I'm screaming
let Scott sometimes carry around more
combat and every time you get mad use
play more combat and just do that
that's like supporting violence maybe I
don't know just don't be a spaz and
throw your board to hurt this I got was
so mad one time I threw my board my car
I regretted that afterwards because you
look like an idiot
yeah you look I was a huge idiot because
you hit your own car number three let's
let's do some skating again at first I'm
going to stand in your pocket
realistic price my boards dirty now
and if that was wet my bearing this is
so cheesy this body bearing would be
getting water in them and just breaking
down everything that a bearing is
supposed to be is not good for it so
avoid dirty skate spot and if you goes
broom the broom laying down over there
put a broom in your car or your friend's
car whoever dries and take it with you
because like sweeping a skate spot
making it less dusty and dirty goes a
long way okay you don't want dirt or
dust in your bearings you don't want
them to get wet you don't want your
board to get wet and see we see in the
warehouse a lot which we're doing some
construction so it's a little dirtier in
general here but your script tape gets
dirty and you don't want any of that
because it just makes your board less
effective so be mindful don't keep in
the mud takes up with you to clean up a
skate spot and make it better for you
it's gonna be a lot better on your
skateboard - nothing says rolling away
like a pebble and on the ground we are
we are trying to roll away okay you
sweep your spot get it up and then
you're going to throw your board because
you hit the pole because you didn't
bring the broom and then like how many
times if I like hit and falling in like
a puddle or mud and then I had to take a
shower afterwards I don't think showers
on tambour showers a year that's it
we're not just wash your hair every day
it's that word you know that it yes
people chemicals makes it all nice and
soft and you won't be in commercials
anymore if you wash your hair everyday
and number four is actually hate hair
adorn her face this is more of a mental
thing because your group take is dusty
and dirty you start to think that your
boards in worse condition so you might
have a great deck but if you see a
crappy looking piece of grip tape that's
dirty mentally you're going to be like
all my boards getting junky and you're
not going to take a good care of it so
I'm going to show you a way to clean
your good day their stage called grip
gum which are fantastic for cleaning but
if you don't have this get a bum
toothbrush and with light water you're
going to scrape it all off and it's good
Old Glory
I think this is mine if this is not
business Ryan chamber so Ron Chambers
I'm sorry I owe you a toothbrush a
really crappy travel toothbrush if this
is yours but I think it's mine
skills about this is the only time that
I'm going to take you into the best ever
hmm I feel like we're going to do it
more than once don't you
and whatever mini paper tells you oh we
got them right there so you don't want
to soak it if you don't want to get your
board actually wet so you're going to do
it in very small area
okay like I said don't do it in big
areas because the water will start to
build up as if you want to start to
build up and you get all threw off there
you just going to Pat it down if you
like to try to scrub you're going to get
paper towel over your boards of terrible
I'm not going to do a full bore because
I don't care spend time on this but
you'll see in a second that this will be
much please you always like this much
dirtier yeah whoa my board wasn't like
take energy was just Duffy and then keep
it set aside so no one uses it down here
or hilarious
can I already see this is what my
channel used to look like this is like
yellow dirty and it looks kind of like
normal grip tape now if your board is
really dirty this is like a night and
day look so it's just something good to
do keep your board looking nice on top
so mentally you take care of it you
mentally you think it better before look
to it you look good exactly mm-hmm
skating was great no the grip tape you
will land every hard flip that you land
now the last one is going to sound a
little cheesy but it is very important
because what you alternate ly do not
want to do is break your skateboard in
half because when you break in half it's
done any skateboard that's made out of
wood at least that's the best product
sometime you may have can break once you
reach a certain tier there's gonna be
great skateboards out there that are
very strong if you guys like a cheap
deck from like Walmart artists nothing
is going to break without like any
reason at all it just going to break but
like ours we've tested it I don't think
I've ever actually broken or Vidak all
the way through but if someone took this
on the 20s there and landed on wrong
it's going to smash how to prevent
things like this is practice your trick
maybe this box is a little tall for me I
should I should practice on this box
first nail your tricks because you're
going down to three stair you're gonna
be much more likely to be in control and
column and get your feet on the bolts
then with some 22:5 strum for the first
time big gap you're going to stick
things when you're not ready because
you're so scared not to you know or
whatever if you're just out of your
element of comfort you're much more
likely to snap or crack a dick I know
that's not a more hands-on thing but
it's very important just take a moment
to get in your comfort level before
upping the object your speed so with
that said I hope that helps you guys
take care of your skateboarders a little
better and you two need a skateboarder
in general deck trucks wheel bearings go
to your local skate shop you do not have
a local skate shop I have it online
today shop the shred course comm check
it out everything you need right there
in one spot it's awesome what that's
that I'm going to do the reason I do all
this and I'm going to have fun
skateboarding so let's get more good
the better
whacked my beard int one more trick you
guys saw here
Oh from big
so you guys go that was a fun little
session on the box and then the wall
ride was extremely exhausting but I hope
that guys help some I hope that helps
some of you guys or gals whatever you
are I think guys is a general term which
I don't know if that's a bad thing or
not but uh yeah I do videos here every
single day hit subscribe but if you want
to see more and then if you find a bell
on the page click it see what happene
lacks identify you is going to make a
video so either way I'll see you guys
tomorrow
have a good one Ryan I'm Sonja gives you
a trick for this video I need you do a
trick for this video you need to do a
trick
Wow just see if you complain and I
didn't get any reaction so we're done
with the video
oh wow okay sabers my brother Sam what's
up did you get your face away from me
I'm not afraid to punch you on the live
stream I snuck it back 180 Thanks
artists
