you zoom what is up guys I'm finally
doing it try not to laugh challenge on
my channel with this guy say hi hi
what's your name Rob all this is my son
he's 4 years old so this is the 4 year
old try not to laugh challenge ridin I'm
gonna play this video for you and you're
going to do your very best not to laugh
okay okay if your is really funny that
moves a lot but it's a powerful body can
catch running some ramming down the
whole body do you think it's funny yeah
Oni of my whole body
only if it's like my whole body laughing
right and then a claw
so if you do this correctly and lasts
less than 10 times you win a marshmallow
shooter okay yeah and then maybe I'll
get one we'll have a father-son
marshmallow shooter war I'd be a fun
video but okay people don't shoot me in
the face of anything okay there's only a
three-minute one so you just we're going
to change it to five okay if you laugh
more than five times we don't need a
huge intro this is about hockey kid Kobe
I left
oh you out that's one I hope it's all
kid gray doing watch it that's three
amazing that dog's face looks like a
person that was all much more oh my god
I got gone forever
tiny clover now agree oh my gosh oh yeah
you know oh my gosh I got laughing for
happiness I don't know why gone down
that's it that was easy
you did pretty good though I thought
you're going to crack up well
congratulations you did it so the best
ones online have very very bad language
so we have to do a kid-friendly one but
you did pretty good I know you wanted to
laugh a bunch didn't you
so either way let's get this baby out
and let's see if it works okay actually
I'm sure right now yeah of course
here we go over there I'm toilets light
so what is that hard does not laugh yeah
was if you guys don't watch that video
and test your family members or whatever
I'll put it down the info but ride it
home but we're going to show you how
this works
it wasn't too much - just for these to
be easy to open
okay goodbye ten different high speed
scuba yes it's underwater you can the
shooter are there like a bow and arrow
it can't cannon thing that's very cool
and ambulance make this cocktail after
you you have a good versus thank you
kappa Gunners tail is going up this
exact it was a little like alright let's
put some of these in here we got to put
them all in here
we have time oh they're good
yeah maybe oh here we go Here I am
whoa whoa whoa whoa there you go it's
kind of cool it's just really hard to
don't hit me it's really hard to to make
it happen there you go you did it so
there you guys go that was just a random
idea I came up with and I want to test
it out with him I hope is entertaining
for you guys I do videos here every
single day I do a lot of skateboarding
just whatever goofy entertaining thing I
get the idea for I make scissors
describe button oh and find the bell
button if you guys want to be notified
about my videos and I will see you
tomorrow I think I have a five ways to
take care of your skateboard video
coming up so hey take your buy to
youtube angry at them ah
for the bonus clip ridings going to do a
cartwheel do it do it I do a somersault
then nailed it and now whoa whoa whoa
okay hey and now for your next trick
clean up the marshmallows well that was
easy okay I didn't mean to eat them my
gosh you think you're pretty smart don't
you
