and we're on okay YouTube what is up
guys so this is not today's actual video
that goes up at 4 o'clock later on today
this is just to really talk about like
this that kind of the state of my
channel because YouTube is very weird
lately and it's so up and down and I
really want to get you guys feedback and
that's pretty much the entire purpose of
this video but I'm gonna explain myself
a little bit is that views are so up and
down the subscriber system doesn't
really work anymore on YouTube and it's
terrible
I have somebody who's that do extremely
well and I have some videos that like
literally it's if YouTube treats them as
if they don't exist ok I have over 1.3
million subscribers and like yesterday
when I uploaded my video which is a
warehouse Wednesday oh great where else
Wednesday and I'll link it at the end of
this video but it got like literally
like 25,000 views on the first day which
I'm not like I don't want to I'm not
trying to be that person that's like oh
there's you know my videos aren't
getting views please help me out and
that's not the purpose it's the purposes
that I really enjoy making these and I
get the same amount of feedback and I've
been doing the same thing on YouTube and
mic my growth has been steady and my
videos been getting to you guys but
lately it's just like it's some videos
just don't don't work and that means
that you guys a lot of people didn't
want to see these videos aren't seeing
them a hold on a second my friends are
savage like me Bry names no I'm talking
Jerry directed YouTube you're shouting
that's that price I mean we talk to each
other like that all the time so so yeah
it's just it just it's a really bummer
especially with things like where else
Wednesday's I put so much effort and
heart into and we love making them and
it's just like man this is this is a
video that doesn't get sent but then
like a random video that I didn't think
was gonna do well does it crazy well
it's so it's frustrating one thing you
can do is you can hit that Bell button I
know I joke about it all the time and
it's really frustrating that there is
even such thing as a bell like the
subscriber system should work you used
to go to YouTube and like what was on
the front page was the page as you
subscribe to that's how it should work
it doesn't you have to go to a separate
thing but the main page just flooded
with YouTube the videos that YouTube
thinks they want to show you so what you
can do is you can hit the Bell button
and that will like notify you
when a video is uploaded I do it every
single day weekdays I'm doing at 4
o'clock week ends up doing at 11:00
I'm unfortunately stuck inside the Shred
quarters in my house filming like every
single day is gloomy and gross and rainy
in Cincinnati for months now like I
really need to travel to produce some
like normally skate friends outside
content that I normally do but the big
question is what do you guys want to see
bear with me on being inside I'm trying
to come up with really cool ideas that
are fun for me to film and for you to
watch here in the Shred quarters but I'm
where I'm help me out tell me what you
want to see the we want revenge series
is almost done with its new episode like
I said I've just been I came back to
Cincinnati like a month ago waiting to
go outside to film the rest of it and I
have had not one sunny dry day during
like normal things like you really I
think we had one and I was it was a
family day and I couldn't go out and
film so bummer but hang in there it's
gonna happen and then after take over
the world happens full we are avenged
will be in full effect and I'll do a
season a year every year but tell me oh
you wanna see gun in the comments and
then if you're new to me if you're just
seeing a bright guy ramble hit the
subscribe button but more importantly
now if you're a subscriber hit the bell
button and and then my videos are every
weekday at 4 o'clock and then like
weekends or holidays where people are
off school would be 11 a.m. so that's it
guys I deeply appreciate everybody who
watches my videos it's a weird time like
I forgot to say this so I'm gonna say a
week and a half ago I had the best two
or three days that I've ever had on
youtube like views were off the charts
and then this week's been weird and then
like I'll have it's just so up and down
that's what kind of why I'm addressing
this to talk directly with you guys get
your feedback so but thank you so much
I truly appreciate everybody that has
nice things to say watch my videos all
that this is a dream come true it still
is and I love doing it so uh let's say
guys have a video with Rhydon at 4
o'clock and tomorrow got a skate video
it'll be pretty fun I do like the best
three flip noseslide of my life to
tomorrow's video so uh have you gotta
guys I will see you in the future this
year
