warehouse Wednesday that was a normal do
it is yeah it's our friend I mean I got
would you put that on how do you do
okay oh my god eating are you kidding me
yeah you not have a pineapple under
pineapple
I have no idea we're doing who's uh
who's up which one you guys are in on
them not where now here you have a
present inside I do but it's for me so
that's really what we were doing so I
don't know if there's a secret to this I
have no idea but it's for me so I guess
I could do the where else Wednesday
instructions on how to cut the pineapple
on a pineapple if you didn't know you go
under and I'll pull it pull that off
I'll do something
don't it's stronger come on you got it
like you just murdered it I notice is
that edible or is that like gross now
it's grown oh well then throw up in the
air we'll see let's do that happen
that's going to be there forever
okay she's pineapple of the new
Instagram account is their actual skate
challenge in this no that's for you to
decide oh okay well Brian decided my
skate challenge no you're sure
thank you for the opening do that Alex
Beauty I have to come up with a good
challenge you're having to do hold on
hold on lighting is though we're
lighting all right
the Lighting's better it is better all
right you're going to you're going to
want your girlfriend out your goai doing
ten tricks in the bed that's okay which
bathroom because that could be that
that's disgusting and then I think
you've got some mystery challenge in the
middle going to be those the middle
segment here and then and then you're
going to have ten minutes and you're
gonna do a three split fifty-fifty on
that set bump the Box River dessert
there cake where you did the triple dose
one beard a piece of cake you three full
50 here feet here in minute got it I get
it done ten minutes ten I haven't done
one of those since I did that though
that one which was easier you do it you
don't get anything because we don't get
anything this is my actual Christmas
present yes you're hard to shop for
because you just have everything already
so I do not have everything but my wife
lives was like you're so hard to shop
for and I was they only go to Eddie how
about 700 pound cool there are some
Mount Pat I want that I'm gonna buy it
for myself and get myself into cruise
presence well I mean now I do have
everything under house once a video for
you for Christmas
see you really yeah
we're doing around actually fun pleasure
opening boxes with Nikki's rewarding it
oh heck
because there's a puppy in there and I
just like we picked on open it wouldn't
be cool not even worth if I didn't say
anything this whole time either at our
warehouse Wednesday three kids I know I
will have a shuttle thing and I realize
that's a bad idea
three crew - you'll find three items
first being adorable pillow Brian can
use in the intro scratch that so it's
the skater in turn uses the three
warm-up challenge okay complete if the
guest Gator wins they can open up the
gift and keep it if they lose Brian also
there's a little surprise yeah that
works
these have fun so if I lose I get
nothing for Christmas acceptance
listening well if you wouldn't you get
this if you lose he gets it alright I'll
lose someone else gets my Christmas
present looks awesome alright that's
good I like this and bathroom time
Oh No
IceCube adhere to them she's not even
going to use validity carbon worship
it's so dirty here Kiki Wow yep look at
so good
I wanted tail hit the ground I did need
to do yeah I'm so good
give me four more
hardly so good two more
yes given more classes through this
ridiculous
oh no you did it I touched the wall you
put there so many walls on those face of
being good no you guys want to stop
doing the welding there I've never been
that story in the back how do we say
right now I'm seeing that now I'm
hearing it this time so that was
basically the firing top of the fence
right here you get me through the tire
siping atop the stage
my arm hurts tomorrow is your fault
uh-huh I think said that should be easy
you could do it on a button our
difficult because of feeling so low so
we have this rig oh oh we're back
Halston rages around this Disney Gina
tricot 50 through the target yeah it's
pretty good that it would hopefully have
you sent your sink out because I have
ten minutes now it's my Harry Potter one
you can do it first try with your ten
minutes starting right now
oh yeah
that was so first shot
you hit a bucket dude you got to go
faster than you think it's got to go
fast on it are you stopping in this way
this time
I'm stopping in between accounts for
he's got eight and a half minutes left
here nice Miami my head was at five Oh
miss take your second together Carroll
hash is one that'll take you a whopping
two minutes and 15 seconds to the
elements the beauty of the trick the
smoothness was reflected in the time I'm
going to do that again I got in and I
was like no I'm so I'm going that way
with this good job
Missy loses pre hilariously I'm gonna
continue the time to see how long it
takes you just leave it up
hole 17 seconds please alkylated perfect
perfect in every way we're going to
spend a few seconds left so he just
white that's all good
a little good go fast hop harder applies
to everything in life love life
go fast harder is your price oh that
sounds bad - what am I what's with me
today I don't know dude hey I think is
one of the first is a while since I've
won one hasn't it I know I won last one
the hippie jump dodge school but yes I'm
on a roll I'm on a streak so alright
next we'll go suck I can get this I get
it Christopher oh this go hey any idea
how many people had this exact penguin
peanuts from Target no I made that it's
a good thing to have on their death oh
yeah I got you
I've never got live euro of these yes
one you've been done all the way you can
put it I've done one Rubik's Cube wow
did you look it up no it was at my
grandma's house all the time when I was
just what I did that's what I'm hearing
Jerry in heart should wreck oh where
everyone like we bagged on you in the
videos which in real life we don't we
don't judge oh I know why then you're
actually a teacher I'm a genius
cuz I sold my last ceiling like seven
years working hot wife yep oh you're
welcome
I don't know keep the camera right there
alright thank you
where else ones they done so that was
disgusting in the bathroom I'm really
glad I kinda redeem myself with the
trick now I'm gonna go mate
I'm up three times in a row and get out
so it goes like on take them off and
clean myself just so I can erase what
happened the bathroom but next week we
have a best of dry aims coming out of
the door if you haven't seen that go
watch the first it's called how to open
the doors we're going to go are they not
open
or m22 - yeah - how to continue opening
doors and how to over the door again
kind of walk back through the door it's
good once yeah I don't know
goodbye guys
Oh oh you're right yeah you have a
bruise that's what the outstanding by
the wall
