right in what day is today are you doing
today
alright but one thing we're going to do
is we're going to change your skateboard
aren't we hi what's up guys the last
time I cried and I did a video helping
him try to learn how to ollie it was a
little tough for him and a lot of
comments that you need us more board we
actually used to have a smaller board
and then he wanted this one he didn't
drop in for his first time so since he
was pushing himself a skateboarding I
let I gave him his new board well we're
actually going to go back to that old
board which is right here right we're
going to put this on for today because I
think a lot of you guys are right I
think it would be easier with a smaller
deck so it is going to be lighter it's
going to be smaller and maybe you can do
it thanks
whoa I don't have a heavy look it is
yeah watch alright so we're going to
switch this on and we're going to give
it our best right yeah and if you don't
land it it's okay as long as you keep
trying and don't give up right they're
going to give up laughs the heck no dead
huh Merida exactly my dad for my old
people at the waffle
well I'm hella I'm dropping stuff I'm
helping you buddy you're gonna you're
gonna do some of the two I'm just going
to start it for you okay oh hi fun
John Hill okay I got the cuffs off it is
your turn to River skateboard together
okay I'm glad one's in the fun yeah well
if you land your ollie you can get new
hardware okay is this one oh you're
doing it good you doing right yeah you
got it started then there and then twist
this that way and you're tighten it down
all right right and here you are look
here is oh you're welcome well hey you
did a lot of it too doesn't it feel good
to build some with your own here yeah
are those your hands what does your feet
some people have weird lookin feet
that's okay
oh yeah geez you're going it's still too
loose it doesn't look at least you're
doing manual you're doing manual haha Oh
now get skating dare come on get going
go
yeah you're gonna need a big ramp dude
wit without your skateboard
hey I go now it's stylish we should
totally teach you like jumping onto a
50-50 Wow it'll be easier be fun without
easily the best reaction ever no come on
yep slow down so you're going to run and
jump and land on this and then roll the
way over here is gonna be called the
t-rex rind okay I won't try it you want
to hold my hand first oh good whoa right
in that was switch you're supposed to
land on it the way you roll ah okay as
your butt all right
did the bathroom you to eat your
skateboard oh I have to sure did can we
have our skateboard back better like an
it okay there you go
why can't we have our skateboard right
now yeah yep there's his face up there
I barely held on to you I'm so proud of
you that feel good yeah you did that
perfect you're going to just run off the
mini ramp and land on your skateboard
all right what is this trick even cold
um hit me take Pookie mine
yeah Ivan area this is called the
watermelon you can trick the blogging on
trick
all right the watermelon strict let's
see it oh that was good
yeah good job dude
so let's do some ollie practices real
fast and then we'll try the real thing
okay oh wow what was that oh that was a
good try come here buddy if you just
would have jumped straight up that would
have been it you're snapping your and
your foot front foot did great but you
can do this right here right now okay
come on just give me your own just jump
up it's just fun just a part it's just
fun
what you looking at there's my boy
there's a few of them up there aren't in
there one there's one behind your head
you can do this good come on you got it
ah all right well we're going to stop
there but that was progress we're going
to keep trying we used to skate more
because you haven't came out the last
time we come one of these videos oh okay
well that's something to be happy about
when you do eventually land your ollie
we'll get you a new skateboard but you
want to leave the small skateboard on
for now it's a little easier to get off
the ground right but you didn't land a
new grind right why I was really cool
I'm proud on that I think that's up
there just as hard as an ollie really to
get your balance on your grind well your
favorite party today ah your I think
Ryan was the best part well you did very
good I got a lot of fun guys thanks
rockin if you wanna see more deck next
vessel firefight
I think it's down there yeah but I don't
want either way I'm going to try to get
this guy on skate more he's been inside
the house way too much need to get
moving did you get some exercise and
paper he's a lot of fun I love doing it
with this guy so that's it huh all
celebration well that was if you landed
me Holly but you did progress that would
do one balls over okay oh the camera I
love you
I have fun skating with you today I
don't pull that
okay we'll see you guys later we're
gonna we're going to continue the ball
celebration and here's mine here's mine
oh that was a terrible kick Redemption
into the bathroom you see that
oh my gosh I'm in a skate shop yeah this
is my online skate shop destroyed
quarters calm so if you need any skate
goods it is right there for you but what
I thought was fun right now is what one
I hope you liked that video with Rhydon
that was one of the happier sessions
right and I had you kept talking about
it afterwards and we had a lot of fun
and we're going to keep working on ollie
so thank you guys for watching and as I
skate with Rhydon I will keep showing
you guys a video but about to setup a
new board next week when I go on a skate
trip and I thought it'd be cool for you
guys to pick it for me
your options are taco white and red
sketch deck or the Ames Bros so I'll go
down there leave a comment which one you
think I should do and I truly appreciate
you guys watching I do videos every
single day so I'll see you tomorrow hit
the subscribe button if you're feeling
crazy hit that Bell button on the page
because that's a thing and that's it
shred quarters is saying goodbye to you
and so is Alex goodbye
you
