see for doughnuts and humping a curb
oh wow it's recording and there is
Cody's face
that's actually a really good shot man
look at that it's cover on cover at Gap
magazine that could not have been more
perfect
that's why I make big bucks I think I'm
going to switch to long lens I think
it'd look better whatever ever what
here's Andy you took impact so hard
trying to need your foot and I just hump
the air that was very very very very
very good been done are we are we still
talking about
here it is the largest seven sir ever
thing is gigantic
I was just say oh seven you know my arm
could probably take that that's like the
size 12 it's huge
I mean not for you yeah you're the dude
for this
Wow
got it
the whole base
high-five yourself or dog it's cool
don't worry about it
YouTube what is up guys so yes those
another round of revive randomness which
is a really fun type of video to put
together with me because it's basically
just like all of really cool moments or
tricks that just weren't didn't have a
place for an actual video or just
sketchy tricks whatever the reason was
they didn't have a home so they go here
which ends up being a very random and
fun video to make so hope you guys like
it I want to applaud Carlos for doing
one of the craziest tricks down a huge
gap I swear this dude has no fear and he
has talented he is literally just one
big ball of an amazing skateboarder
that's it I'm actually filming this in
my room right now which is not sure why
no I know why cuz I'm too lazy to go
some rails my house because I was in my
room and that's it so yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed that video I do daily
videos here myself so hit the subscribe
button if you want to see more from me
and hit the bell button if you want to
be notified about my videos which is
what the subscribe button should do but
it doesn't so do that and then tomorrow
I will see you guys with I think a ride
and skate video actually got the little
dudes skate and we skate yesterday so
watch out for that oh I forgot I was
about to act about tristar for my mom
was really big on telling me to try at
least give everything a chance
so here styrofoam I've never had stared
from my life to eat of course that's
horrible
last message that I thought was gonna be
just stays in one cut bouncy prod I can
swallow this what why is it disgusting
it's just our home wants them make it
toxic it might be toxic hey guys I just
want to point out that a handful of the
Sam vessel footage was filmed by James
Weber aka at push box so definitely
check out his channel which is right
there on the screen I'll also put it
down the info he films a lot of
skateboarding so check it out if you
guys want to and thanks James for the
footage
