YouTube what is up guys a new type of
skate game is happening right now it's
actually not the new I played it off
camera for fun a couple times but today
we're bringing it to you guys it is
called skate war I don't this sounds
like something somebody probably already
named something in my little world but I
made it I made a game called skate work
so what happens is its first person goes
tries to set the trick they get three
tries to do whatever trick they want if
they land it great the other two people
have three tries to land the trick if
everyone lands it no one gets a letter
no worries if you miss it within those
three tries you get a letter first
person to e loses second person to me he
loses last person alive wins if you miss
that your trick when you're setting it
you don't get a letter it just moves on
to the next person after you've
successfully landed a trick it also
moves on the next person so one person
can't dominate the entire game does that
make sense okay if you guys are with us
just watch skate streaks happen and
whoever we say wait at the end they win
two Paper Scissors to see who goes first
okay and then you guys go to see you go
second that was awesome so next trophy
second all right I'm gonna go with the
old three flip first I get three tries
to later that's the best part of this
game it's fun
a judge rough I'm judging you
technically counts in their hands now
good it's very live it wasn't even that
good
we're gonna start trying like nollie
backflips okay for Alex yeah
okay he's going down
I was going to do that backwards s so
different like as you're playing it s a
K we're scoffing we're in that order in
a sec feel like you're way more likely
to miss tricks because your guard is
down brains just like here you got it
and then I don't got it cuz I'm an idiot
but to go so fast I want to see Casey
bleed a little bit he said s that's not
fair
I mean it's completely fair but I meant
to keep Alex in he's on t he has four
tries I want ours to win everybody got
it good
oh nothing touched
yeah musk is in the house I've never
seen him do that it's one more you know
why I'll expedite the camera good and
you're looking at the camera
no I was gonna I don't have anything
time I don't think anything touched now
I got you on that one okay
that's benign
the behind-the-scenes way very
intimidating if you're just walking in
his room around look at me trying to
talk smack doesn't
where's your other arm you got analogies
here all right
so feedback that is I don't know if that
was easy to understand watching but it's
a lot of fun it feels different until
the end of the game I didn't I could not
remember that after I landed trick it
wasn't my turn yeah it sucks so but it's
a lot of fun try with your friends and
you guys want to see this give it a
thumbs up let us know in the comments
but thanks these dudes I'll put their
channels right in the info I tried to
high-five you he intercepted took your
high-five away and I and I hurt my arm
like throwing it now I'm gonna take you
check out their stuff you want to see
videos for me I did easier all the time
so hit the subscribe button right below
the video it's free easy and boom and
you're signed up I'm back to work I'm in
it we have stuff to build we're building
a new part of our skatepark I'm gonna
skate a flap all right now though
Oh 100 I wanted Alex
