sorry caca skateboards five-year-old you
zoom what's up guys this is another
episode of Henry shredder it's been a
while since is already I know my wife is
super bones that we have met you like
this mostly well I like computer a lot
of fun and today is a little different
we've only done this one other time
we're actually not going to Goodwill we
have a bunch of stuff here that is weird
now we're to the skateboard on but it's
all over there in corner so we're going
to walk over there attacks like where
I'm good we're gonna pick some stuff
let's do two items do a dual-camera
shredded item let's go over here the
beginning right now we're going to act
like we're on Google okay that guy over
the course the clothes wreck it
dartboard Oh literally a graveyard can
we shred it we've got a TV don't get
ripping we're getting rid of your skin
we are getting rid of this very long way
well let's go on the table okay should
we do this like the this one with last
orders but then they entertain others
entertainment centers gonna crime
you think they look like a classic how
do you know that big cash inside couch
and table capsule table for sure
final answer colleagues like that all
right yeah let's somehow get it over
there like you this is the easiest can
we shred them what's my skateboard
somebody is skateboarding on this farm
climb bounce
really loud like mountains i bounce 2
this bounce off of the arm ken O'Brien
hundred hit me jumping is oh man let it
begin 10 we shredded
although
early on a high finally God is no loser
left in the cold
biscuits strategy
to Lazaro
why
okay
Wow
finally we're skating this thing we like
to move it move it we like to see my
horse slide Litella question is how many
tricks is it going to take to get gives
a center to get to the center of a hole
in it it will cruise through these but
one will it fit be in practice I don't
know we should a thousand eyes
Brian's up cool
yes there too
yeah broccoli maybe not
at airport
Dundas
oh sorry
we got that on three angles I'm just
ready to ball get it so it looks like
the couch as the can we shred it yeah
and then it's like oh it's the table but
it actually is the kept oh yeah this is
the grossest tie in the whole world
right now
you made me touch it anyway it was so
gross your tie made a noise that was fun
that was like the most weird like there
was so many ways to skate that we did
yeah but this thing I thought was not
going to like work at all and it totally
works yeah you guys especially I was
lazy with it because that shuvit tired
me out but they killed it so good job
this guy has a channel it appears right
there and it's also an info check it out
and yeah we're gonna do another one
we'll go back to the normal like
goodwill where we go to Goodwill pics of
a now we just wanted to make use of a
freaking couch our throw this stuff out
and that's room and then this is a
confession now the run tried to back
with it can you spell couch yeah but
thank you for watching our videos here
every single day to hit the subscribe
button and if there's a bell on the page
hit that so you're notified of my videos
because what's driving is supposed to do
but now things are weird so that's it
you guys watching we'll see us tomorrow
speaker key and the secret key to
YouTube
sounds like a lock it like a legend that
Hidden Temple Nickelodeon saying right
there
yeah or double dare 2000 with the long
writings on a family double dare no we
was and I have a picture like on my
phone
oh wow oh I brought it up
surprisingly fair yeah but that was a
heck of a bonus clip I might guys like
myself
and putting it on the tree I'll then
Brian answer
