we're going to break the crap out of a
favorite YouTube what is up guys can we
break it is back we did the Xbox the
original Xbox last time and we are doing
the PlayStation 3 the original
playstation up for them this time this
is going to break a lot faster before I
even explain what this video is about
this is broken the Xbox I said the
meeting of the videos like it's broken
guys every single I'm an Xbox dude
people were trying about like halo is on
that helps when it was broken and this
is broken but we're going to get some
use out of it we're going to try to
break it so there's three stages of this
there's a drop test and smash with a
couple smash tests then there's the
skate test we're going to skateboard on
this and then there is the historica the
destruction test I've got a hammer
where's yours it's over there got a kind
of curl brother finger left this could
have a crowbar he's like oh I paused it
I know this guy's got it back and then
this guy's Jim Duggan not have my fist
please punch it I think we're going to
destroy this thing to bid I think like
the Xbox is tough I don't think this
one's gonna be so tough alright come on
get you get relaxed you know what I was
going to engage us first cuz like I
don't think the drop test shouldn't go
so good there's no reason our drop test
flat this is not going to go
it's immediately Brazilian put it back
together you're good at that
no the Xbox like all the drop test is
nothing here I might have to call it so
we've actually skated what are you doing
with your life
by the way all the way but what is the
point of this yo-yo on the ps3 I know
where it goes
it's literally just like a cosmetic
thing this one's not going to go well
it's gonna be like we're gonna be stuck
should we do a wall smash it
slide it on the drug the right way I
know the rubber another layer three to
stay flat you won't have a ps3 escape
yeah yeah I do as I'm saying this is how
you're supposed to plug custom faceplate
on go back to your position you can
either disc out of here right I know I
know I have no idea because we got
working it is it broke yes this disc
tray doesn't work someone might get
again hopefully it's intact I gotta do
one side walls master that's weird look
in here clearly and then this just
shattered
busy let's go skate this skate it
alright let manuals and favors no comply
begin yeah brah
spider-man's font will get 9 stick going
away
it is spider-man
at the end of the day I want to be able
to stand back knows what I guess I mean
gosh
many pieces came off
I'm so sorry it's punch stevelou head
please take a seat yeah it was just the
front our shield that sucked
legitimately grinded
what why are you so good at this it's
not going to even work alright so I
think everyone plays I'm going to be in
this video I think everyone can agree
that this held up way more than we
thought it was going to be so what
happens is they make a ps3 they're going
to put a bunch of crap that's super
brittle and fragile pop and then this
thing is actually pretty tough I also
want to go out on a limb and say no one
has chosen a ps3 more than we just did
not to be cocky but that was an awesome
session in the cockpit were the best
it's the destruction phase which I don't
think this thing is going to lap the
Xbox I knew was going to put up a fight
this one got another thing coming
ha ha ha ha ha Oh is on running that's
pretty strong yeah cool that you
actually quite fit so condense it down
we need to do bad are usable
brings every card I need to see history
actually Awards I'm sorry Tony
I was wrong you're right thank you guys
for watching this video all these dudes
that have channels are right down there
in the info so check them out and if you
guys I asked the class time but only and
the only thing anyone did was complain
about breaking an xbox that didn't work
well if you want to see something good
for us to just try to destroy next time
put it in the info in the comment go
through your thumbs up just just do it
just to the heck of it um if you find a
bell you listen to the weird sound it
makes when we click it I hate ya ya got
but you guys have a great day
how do you do the video so see you
tomorrow okay except you failed
alright
oh I wanna personally thank this guy who
supplied the broken ps3 so thank you
very much throwing his channels of the
top down below number one yeah this is a
good guy I don't know top down below
what you said up top down below there'll
be a list of like for people to Angela -
yeah I remember that
channel she's on top numero Emily he's
the top of the bottom bottom yeah don't
you want to eat a processor you don't
well now there's no
you
