you see what's up guys see this little
Mario actually figure right here I'm not
going to break this how can you show off
me ever again
I'm kidding I'm not really trying to win
your trust over per se but you can trust
me
actually you literally just trust me
because that was supposed to happen
you're supposed to be able to take his
head off for whatever reason - the kind
of lego guy I failed it lying it's
pretty much the moral this also never
wanna break a Mario toy but you see what
is up guys it is an update video time
there's some stuff going on in my life
and I was going to make a video telling
you all about it and that's why you
clicked on this I presume also to hear a
story about how I'm a terrible person I
hit a girl in the face of the bookbag
we'll get to that though I want hair
blue the hair oh no I can't look like
that guy no offense then when he looks
like that I don't know I don't know how
to make myself look like a face what but
yes I'll table your time let's get into
this my life has actually been easier
just looking personal I've ever said
this I think but you have my life is
like after the holidays like I'm so busy
all the time you know but I have time to
kind of do things I bought some TV the
other day I want TVs I'm a huge TV in my
office which I play billions it's led
Bryan Ames you call Judy yesterday and
he did better than me which I don't have
a comment but he did bros me last night
so I get call duty in general anyway
though but it's been nice you know even
when I'm busy I don't sacrifice time
with Rhydon so it's not like I'm getting
less more time with Rhydon per se
because I always have the same amount in
life I just lose sleep but I'm actually
getting sleep now I'm getting sleep I'm
making videos it's a lot of fun
however February is going to get a
little crazy because I have three trips
ok that is a lot I have Las Vegas for a
wedding splash skate trip combo let's
start out with a wedding and have my
wife there then all sudden she flies
back and I'm gonna skateboard with
bright name and a few other friends so
that's the beginning of February then I
have a trip to Arizona and a trip to San
Francisco so I'll hang out with my
Braille brothers and scan their
warehouse finally so that'll be a lot of
fun so I'm going to wrap up sewing for
take over the world which I guess I
didn't maybe I just may be out to segue
this right into the revised portion of
this no actually I won't okay
Oh first something in my life I
mentioned a few videos but I've never
mentioned an update video which I feel
like this is where I'd give you guys
information that you guys actually like
kind of walk away with a lot of my other
videos information just like oh you said
that in the video I'm not listening so
hope you listen I have a podcast
yeah it's called strike back I do it
with Ryan chambers and I don't even know
what it's even know why so I think Ryan
was like how about strike back over
let's call it that so yeah we talked
about all things nerdy whether it's like
superhero movies or movies in general to
video games anything in that little
realm of the entertainment we discuss
it's a lot of fun we do one every Friday
we like film it we upload it on Friday
so I'll put a link right down there it's
on itunes google play like a bunch of
different things so search for it on
whatever podcast system you use and
you'll be able to download it and listen
to it while you're driving the car or
working or whatever - everyone has
already been listening to it thank you
very much
we love doing it and we're going to keep
doing it even if you don't listen we're
going to sit down and talk eventually I
will I am going to film them too and
then put them on YouTube so you really
get them here like just listen over here
or the podcast on iTunes or whatnot so
stay tuned for that though what makes
you think I'm crazy yeah revived so a
few things we are ncc to is unlike 60%
films I got to film a park section and
some like story clips because we're
we're getting like a new storyline and
we are avenged kind of like similar to
the Brad Pitt saga there's going to be a
new one starting with this so that will
be exciting it was supposed to go up
this weekend but it has been just
raining eternally it's actually sunny
today finally but it's still kind of
like soggy out so as soon as I get a dry
day to go wrap up filming I will do that
and then it'll be up on like a weekend
so hopefully like next weekend hopefully
that happens if not just it's almost
here just bear with me because it's
coming take over the world which is our
second video is going to wrap up filming
next month so hopefully hopefully like I
sit down and don't realize I need a
bunch of more shots but it's really hard
because everybody on the team is really
busy you know I do 9 videos a week Aaron
has his monster that is Braille
skateboarding Sam Tabor does videos
every single day John Hill does is just
it's a lot of work do this and stand
tough over a lot at the same time but
it's coming together we're getting clips
for it and it's wrapping up so you'll
see it's late spring because we're kind
of we're going to release it with
skateboards so we gotta gotta wait for
the right moment to release it but you
will get a teaser slash trailer for it
somewhat soon as I actively start
editing it I'm going to film like a
little like a funny little commercial to
go along with it and that'll be out
within a few weeks I was big like
definitely within a month you'll see a
trailer for the video it is coming
finally and I'm excited for it so stay
tuned on that the spring decks just got
created we don't have that I mean we
like we like signed off on the graphics
and there
really cool so that's going to be
happening in March then force sources of
course it's going to have a spring
earliest we got to start making that
fast because we're behind on that but
we're doing a tour video I talked about
it last year and we're going to do it
this year it will be in the fall so I
have time for take over world settle
down then move on to the project that is
that so that could be awesome
it'll probably like an East Coast thing
maybe the East Coast and slash West
Coast I don't know but we're becoming to
a skate park near you most likely what
would at least do like three skate parks
up and down the East Coast for sure and
then if we get out of West we'll let you
guys know but it'll be awesome there
will be a DVD to go with it and
everything will make a video out of it
it's going to be cool to finally release
something for force because force s is
such an awesome team and so many awesome
people involved with it that it's a
crime that we haven't actually made a
video so we'll actually start working a
full length force video after the tour
video but stay tuned for that the new
company so pancake attack Grande
clothing for kids and parents that
released in December but now the new
skate company not going to say what
exactly we're making it is in the
skateboarding world that is going to
have some information very soon we're
creating products for right now we ought
the legal stuff out of the way so we're
almost out the gates and then we of
course have to prepare the launch so
stay tuned but exciting things are
happening I promise this is one of those
videos you can do I'm like amen I got a
bunch of stuff cool stuff to say but I'm
not gonna say he's not in a story time
and I'm always racking my brain to try
to find a story that makes me look
stupid I don't know why I kind of feel
like making myself look stupid on the
internet but this time it's a
bittersweet story okay because the
bitter part is that I hit a girl all
right I totally had to go with the name
of this video I didn't necessarily know
was a girl though okay I was getting
attacked on the sidewalk or something I
was this guy was like confronting me and
I was I had my bookbag and I was
swinging it to keep him away I was like
I wasn't like 20 years old or anything I
was like eight years old okay this is
like just like elementary school like
bully situations but I was defending
myself I was doing some Ninja Turtle
book bagging and probably was actually a
ninja Torah book bag too but I said I
mean I was keeping this guy away from me
but I sense somebody was running up
behind me and I was like Andy use your
force I think I think I watched Star
Wars it at this point my life but I use
the force because I just want to round
at the right time and I hit I just swung
my book bag and it hit this girl right
in the face oh my gosh she was my age
and I felt bad I mean immediately you
know but inviting
what was she gonna do we should come up
as gonna hit me I have no idea because
she wasn't coming up to like hug me and
she wasn't on my side I think it was
like her brother that was like
confronting me either way it wouldn't
been good so cuz I'm not into hitting
anybody not just I mean like you know
ideally I don't want to hit women and
children type idea but I don't hit
anybody but I hit her right in the face
and it was like one of those things like
okay how does I do that I was like I was
like the one Puma now in my life I was a
ninja for a bad reason
and she went crying straight to her mom
and I was like I'm gonna go home so I
ran home I knew when you're a kid they
tell their mom and their mom come comes
down the street that's just how
neighborhoods work I like that I'm gonna
go play with Ryan okay let me go for
weather on anything all right whatever
why are you in such a hurry so I was
like scurrying around my house to get
ready and I'm about to leave and then
BOOM
her mom and her I came out and they were
talking to my dad and I was like gosh
you were fast enough you idiot which is
good because I deserve being caught on
this like I should have apologized
appropriately or whatnot so my dad's
like and you guys met Logan who's like
your day is done boy he had a sweet girl
in the face with your bookbag
he was do a ninja turtle bookbag you
gotta tell her in the face don't say
Raffy I'll rap yell with more of the
dude that would probably hit somebody
like that I don't remember how the
resolved but my dad was not happy and I
was not happy because I was in trouble
so there you go there's my story get off
the chest I'm sorry Aaron I think her
name was I'm very start hurting in the
face it was not necessarily my intention
I just didn't know with you don't hit
people or all the story it's just don't
hit people unless it's for a good cause
and you're like defending somebody then
you go about just defending me so I
don't know I probably just ran away but
that is it that is my story that is my
update video a lot of exciting things
are happening in the next month or so so
just expect some really cool videos and
some stuff till I actually be like wow
information is coming but thank you guys
I new videos here every single day
tomorrow we have a will it break so I
think we're doing a ps3 which we did the
Xbox all of these are broken by the leg
my gosh we had a broken Xbox we tried to
destroy it physically and it was it was
a very durable thing I don't think the
ps3 is going to last that long so tune
in tomorrow for that and then I was
going got more videos that's it so thank
you guys for watching here's a boom box
I'll be honest I had no idea this was
can't turn it off
I had no idea this was actually boom I
thought that was just a chunk of plastic
why are you watching this - I know I
don't look on that computer screen know
that I might look at a computer screen
ha ha you got one face well I hope you
only have one face if you have to face
though I mean totally cool I still still
don't like you that sounded like I like
like you I don't even know you
I'm where I'm married I don't like you
well I okay I'm gonna stop this is it
all right get serious Eddie it's story
time and it is I you know I try to think
of these a bunch of stories it looks
like I was like a cartoon character
getting choked right there oh my god and
there's moral this is you do not try to
quickly eat styrofoam probably shouldn't
try to eat star from a general oh my
gosh forget some tears yeah eyes watery
a little bit I should use this moment
you hit her with a book bag how could
she do that it was Aaron Aaron from down
low three ah maybe I shouldn't feel that
sad but uh I don't know that's what you
get you know it wasn't styrofoam -
crying about Aaron with the e it was a
girl not an A I'll just stop there
you
