hey guys welcome to my new YouTube
channel we're going to review the the
SRK's today almost true it is my channel
and we're going to review the SR today
we just got it in I didn't think
anything of it you were flipping out
about it yesterday I've been looking and
looking and waiting for the shoe and now
I saw your foot and I was like that
looks funny then I touched his foot and
it felt funny I don't think you off yeah
well it is but let's not get into it's a
funny feeling okay it's like grippy and
spiky ramadhir get my own pair and I'm
gonna try them out so let's go over to
headquarters right now and we'll get it
from the cool guys stop you want a dog
shot if you want to talk shower head
Brody properly you'll get high priority
I noted for this okay and I don't know
why I talk like that is so is that just
physically with Rosa are you doing me
Mary
okay a shoe size she was a time so we
started me right now how is this house
experiencing tying your shoe oh good
very simplistic she's pretty much doing
the mutilation sleeping really kind of
some honey community so they're all I
was fully committed I didn't say it was
a ninja so those ninja kicking you it's
like I can hold a chef's knife and not
be a chef I am proud of it good weather
here watches I learned this in ancient
China when I traveled in time for
digital 3 I almost missed it with that
which we got it now we got a few more
shoes we just stocked up for what is
like our midseason stock up yes it's
spring pre-booked just starting to
arrive some of the spring
destroyed course calm we got new shoes
we do this guys are doing great things
Craig is cleaning this area and we're
going to take them out to a super nice
steak dinner
we got thing in case you like steak oh
yeah why would Casey get something Alex
when the most annoying thing unique art
world yeah everyone's doing great things
exist pretty much we're doing this with
you we have this is the s Park which is
a cool name for a shoe it's blue which I
typically take black shoes but I want to
make an except for now I have said since
the dawn of time meaning this since I
started skating means that the S Swift
is the best skate shoe that has ever
existed and it takes a special one for
me to say hey I'm going to take that
right now and this intrigued me so
that's why I'm doing this video and I
will skate it out what the first thing
that I noticed about it was like I said
it's like almost Braille okay no no pun
intended
that's a shouldn't be a pun these days
but not talking about my good friend
Aaron Kyra's YouTube channel it's got
these little bits of texture of like
rubber
um penis okay you get it yeah you can
even hear it I'll scratch up here
nothing here I think is going to add a
lot of connection to the shoe and it
might give you more in-game orful yeah I
don't one I feel like the Swift might
last a little longer but I feel like the
grip on your flip direction are going to
be tremendous with this the bottom is a
pretty basic which is super exactly what
I want to skate you you nailed it with
these laces you pretty much don't need
laces their home is pretty much weight
like I up this review to fold over and
roll the sole is probably similar to the
sole in the excel Slim's this rubber
sole is awesome but the great thing
about this actually makes insoles now
and then we carry FP insults to so you
can switch it out with this on your
thing these tools are glued in there but
I mean you can figure it out probably
could you can finger down put your own
finger that's you know I keep these
insoles in if they're the same ones to
the Swift of the greatest ride from my
own put these on and we're going to see
how that you you want to do anything you
just walked into this warehouse and
you're good to go pretty much me too I
know we're all rocking the exact pair of
shoes right now
so first fit there it doesn't feel too
narrow but it feels good like it feels
like the correct size because I know
someone like the normal excuse felt a
little bigger it is a very simplistic KQ
it's like a telephone oh I click itself
up I just kicked into the head
what do you retain canaras over here I
am kind of rethinking I like inspired
Brian right boom release in mind I've
been inspired here we're up to
the camera guys we're enough I already
mentioned that yeah Trevor's in on this
video not only is he filming it he's a
client one other thing I'd like to point
out and I really like the shape of the
shoe you can tell the Swift they have
guys in the pointy ear nose I like that
it makes my kickflips way better having
a thing the cables are one of my better
tricks better looking tricks all around
and singing these things I do so I
support that I support the deployments
of this I think I came to looking back
it up you've got a good deal about that
one you guys getting capable to be a
alright rarely
it happens up it does savers you have
the best cakes of all time' for sure
together we are blues you guys like my
brand gets add to the creative to the
video tonight
alright King 7 so you already done so
your table test isn't even here
grippy that is very
trippy but it feels comfortable parlors
with deeper but Brody you on New Year's
next alright one person home with a boss
that Hubble was trying to get me so much
drug this after your fault
I literally considered to do on TARDIS
and the first time the power of these
ark amazing art shoes allowed me they
Nicholas so me personally I was going to
often it these felt amazing they're very
thin which I like so if you like if you
like if you like a shoe that has a lot
of for field like send this to it this
is definitely the shoe for you I'm not
coming down the floor with those if
you're a person to jump down the gap you
can still get this shoe just make sure
you put a different stolen if you're a
tech if you want to skate heck I think
usability to forego shoot the person
with me because I'm not jogging sometime
anyway I used to like the Excel slim
protect but these the grip the field a
comfort like this is awesome
it doesn't have any extra stuff that
kind of makes it feel like a bulky shoe
but it still protects your feet like my
board hit me on the side of the foot and
it didn't hurt I love this and I did a
bunch of kickflip towards the end trying
to do a stupid kickflip most it just
looks like Holly Marx can't tell any
funny severe damage so that's good I
mean obviously in a couple weeks I'll
have a better idea on how we pulled up
when it comes to flip tricks and we're
down but I'm in Prague you're more wore
down than it actually is I like the two
yeah I think I'm going to skate a couple
of versions of these I hope we can do it
now I just need it in black
yeah I'm save black and rail I know for
sure get me tenders red color well I
just asked Kelly for specialist Oh Kelly
I'm good so there you guys go
I think it's an awesome skate shoe
overall I think the Swift is still my
favorite but as far as tech and slickery
I think these are probably better than
the Swift when it comes to that but as I
guys help you we have them at the Shred
quarters calm but if you have another
skate shop you app and you support just
ask them to carry this is a great shoe
for all does everyone else link is right
down there I think it's gonna be my
go-to shoe for a while you don't have to
go to because you're wearing it well
keep doing what you and Kelly are done
bro and that one guy in Texas that has a
good idea there's somebody in text
another good idea I'm sure you're right
on your videos every single date with
the subscribe but if you want to see me
you want to get a little bit creative
here hit the bell
find the key and unlock the secret to
you too
I just made that part up I'm gonna keep
going help celebrate become that and
that is it definitely check out dress
dreams calm I do videos here every
single day so hit the subscribe button
and bail or whatever things you got to
do these days to watch my videos again
but I'll see you guys tomorrow
whoever whoever yet just gets potluck
yeah Casey shorter and just not as good
at Lima fuck you Inc I'm not gonna do it
I'm not going to miss the bus guy excuse
me Jesus I'm I'll be with you so you can
take a loonie 4.12 saw you did I do not
use arose it can and so they get we got
also the basta guys like go outside I'll
get the bags I'm like no what happened
grab my bag on the all the work go move
dude
I now that's it yeah did people in
London it makes them happier makes life
better for them pictures nerver and when
he when this river there you should see
my face it
you
