what's it dude who why are you out why
are you here you want to explain why are
you guys instead of Brian you don't get
just kick the door down my gosh do you
get it because the rules were reverse
all right hey what are we doing we're
gonna skate it's this guy's I have your
head on my hand
Brian look at my hand I see it see it's
just like you're just looking at
Garrett's head okay so this is the star
okay you built us a brand new skate park
and you guys have seen the progress have
you been watching all the videos but
today it is 100% complete and we are
gonna go do some skateboards just fun
going montages we have a new skatepark
we have a new headquarters and we're
gonna let you enjoy it with us it
sounded we're gonna let you enjoy it
with us let's get everybody going
setting it on those skateboards there
used to be in that building right there
punch punch that curtains president Oh
Wow yeah that would suck to get into
fight with you know so just to give you
to show you guys exactly what has
happened you guys know about the mini
ramp we did a video just on that what's
the newest thing that's came this week
Ryan this week we built this hip right
here so it's hips so Bank here your hip
tap the three stair and this side right
here we have a hub which is actually
should be on the other side in the hub
so this thing moves so you can move it
just like the five stair one over there
but this is like a little malware
version of it we moved that big bank
over there on top of here which creates
a lot of flow and speed yes so the whole
park upload to it now and open up this
gigantic diagonal and so they actually
feels like a lot bigger too yes then we
roll in on both sides so you can skate
up ledge that makes it easy to get to
plus we hip to the side right here so
you can somehow get some speed for the
gyro which is pretty much just for
Jordan Hunter yeah pretty much
where does had more flow to it in
general and then we have the new box yes
and we actually have a rail in the way
so rail I guess technically we're not
100 cent but next time you see it
there's gonna be a 20 it looks I think
it'd be 21 21 footlong flat to be honest
but it's taking a little bit dude thank
you so much you killed it oh thank you
oh here's some skateboard including this
shreds thank your brother into yeah
skateboarding
Oh
Oh
you built it you killed it
so there is straight quarters to point H
or something three point five I feel
like two point five was like earlier two
point seven three
it's a new Shrek quarters thank you guys
for all the love and support watch the
videos you know especially people that
ride our stuff you guys are the very
best we truly appreciate it we're gonna
keep doing everything we're doing for
you dudes and expect awesome new content
absolute he's gonna do it on that's the
best yeah and new warehouse Wednesday is
starting next week we'll be back to the
normal swing of things
no I can't wait for that flat bar throw
your board that's why you bring to the
table
oh yeah flat for the flat bar is gonna
be awesome
Craig's gonna feeble it what do you got
one foot nose great one foot nose grind
you heard it right right there
I mean moat like 20 do all of it I'm not
gonna grunt you know like I usually
Ollie may takes like a few feet okay do
the holy moly 19 and a half foot know
something around there
you
