you want to give me an imitation of here
X okay you bit me geez only suddenly
t-rex is played pattycake before
advising somebody I'm doing two things
today okay I'm skateboarding because I
have a new skatepark I really want to do
that and I'm also unboxing something
very cool Bryan Ames look hoping you're
in luck you'll have to watch this video
or I'll just tell you a fiction really
wrong that works but I totally forgot my
skateboard I'm leaving work and I'm
gonna get my cable isn't them the best
me thing I ever could have done and this
moment you've ever come do you need this
quick I don't always do that was good
that you you did one even hey man I'll
see you guys a little bit today is a fun
day guys it's just a little vodka soda
where you're just going to get to hang
out with me for a little bit but I a
Medusa skateboarding and I am going to
hang out with my little dude which if
you find the thumbnail and title of this
video you know that I was going to do
that so hang out with me in to be a fun
time let me draw my house which sucks I
wish I woulda forgot my paper
here's my skateboard on my living room
floor why else where else would it be
huh where else are the otter also why
wouldn't we have a Christmas tree up in
the middle of January I totally was
going to take it down last night my wife
was like I want to do it a very specific
way and I like well that just mean I
don't have to do the worst part thing
down here the tree but also I mean we
have a Christmas tree still up in the
middle January that's my rant I'm too
graphic skateboard and go back to shrink
work if you have a new shred quarters
the skateboard is almost done this video
goes up on Tuesday tomorrow we'll have a
full session with all of the new part so
you want to kill me papers now okay
have you ever listened to Eminem yes oh
my gosh that took me about an hour to
land four things
the first time I tell it down like a set
of stairs like a hubba
I'm really gross I'm gonna go home get
cleaned up and then I'm going to go get
my little guy from preschool and we're
going to undo the unboxing portion this
which I'm so excited for later skeleton
Bryan Ames I'm going home
awesome it's raining okay home cleaned
up I feel much better
let's go get the game would you like to
come with me honor nope cuz your cat and
you would freak out with you
awesome it's still raining we're home
and you want to snack you have an apple
bar alright you have a okay we are here
we're going to open this up this point
everyone knows what it is being run over
another package yeah well we've got more
unpacking to do let's carefully open
this up there how was school today dude
yeah
so I can really learn everything has a
family pretty enough learn make a weird
face the camera we asleep don't just
yell at it it goes pretty weird I won't
oh my god this is the best package thing
I've ever seen in my life there's
another box inside this package this
line is glowy let me see we can stare we
go that's a lot better lighting isn't it
yeah okay we have the careful there's
papers in here what would you do if I
open this up and there is a tiny Darth
Vader that walked around and talked I
love it would you like drop it or what's
up man yeah and you let it go tonight I
may try to grab like a floating ball
this is from Jurassic dream.com before
we get into this I'm going to show you a
trick right and so put your arm right
here okay
alright now close your eyes and get
tickled
that is a trick I just tricked you
we're gonna carefully open this John dun
dun dun dun there is three Tuesdays in
this box and there's her husband in
bubble wrap
do you like lever up wash your past
about what you can okay oh wow this is
awesome okay look there's a little black
box it's got a skeleton of a dinosaur
and I which makes me very excited when I
was a little dude up until now I have
always been a huge fan of anything
dinosaurs and just recently in life I
realized you can buy dinosaur keys and
then won a Jurassic greens.com hit me up
and he was like I want to send you
dinosaur teeth and I'm like yes please
you're my best friend needs a
paleontologist so I'm already super
jealous of this dude's job I always
dreamt of being a paleontologist dr.
Steve Geraci partner all my stuff so any
type of thing like this is awesome I'm
so intrigued by it here it is
no it's not oh my gosh this is a
gorgeous
I'm always freaked out about touching
these Wow no no I'll just touch buddy
here put your hand out I'll let you hold
it you did wash these right okay pretty
cool huh
cool no imagine is it a dinosaur mouth
like oh look at that
it's so awesome I'll get some long-run
shots of these and make them look nice
but this is so cool this one is from a
Carcharodontosaurus which is a mouthful
but here's a picture of one for a
drawing because we don't have any real
photos dinosaurs but the next one this
is a big boy what dinosaur anything is
from Xerox do you give it to your ex -
yeah I've got a secret it's even bigger
if I can get it open you want to give
you an imitation of a hero oh ok you bit
me geez only telling t-rex displayed
pattycake before inviting somebody
trying yeah so they played pattycake to
throw you off guard there is a
certificate of authenticity so you know
it's legit what would you do if a
triceratops just rang your doorbell it
was like what you guys do it ok why me
would you let him in
laughs when your kind in your store your
house is in you standing up a
triceratops would destroy out there I'm
so terrified I like I want to make sure
I open this up correctly
absolutely sighs oh my gosh it's huge
yes you magic gourd you can't just let
it sit there okay do you know what
dinosaur that's wrong yeah that is from
a Spinosaurus Egypt again oh and here's
a certificate of authenticity this is
cool that thought that would be terrible
to get this like this imagine a bunch of
these just going into you well don't
imagine that you're for us but cool was
fine
it would not be but it offers like a
brightness yeah I don't think it's such
a blood but it would definitely do some
damage oh my gosh that is the coolest
thing ever thank you so much wand and
thank you so much Jurassic Dreams calm
there you guys go on I am so ecstatic
from this this is amazing so I have
three dinosaur teeth now which it will
watch out but you don't don't be taking
it out you're touching it why are you
touching what I mean why do you could
only touch just part quote if you want
to check out how you can get your very
own dinosaur teeth Jurassic Dreams calm
is right there for you I'll put the link
in the info please check it out and
eternal thanks I am such a dinosaur nerd
that this is like just III swear my
younger when I was his age I would have
been jumping up and down breaking things
in my house don't do not go great things
in the house why are you putting your
cart my cart in your shirt oh that is
not a normal way to itch give me that I
do not have an itch get off me all right
you're another dinosaur back off yeah I
know buddy you're good look at look at
these scratch marks okay you guys you
won't know what it's like to be a dad
this is what it's like so there she does
go yeah it was just a follow video I
know when to open these up but I wanted
to do you know kind of a bigger video so
I threw some skating in there what I'm
going to do with these is I'm probably
gonna get some like glass cases and
actually put them on display that
hands-down one of the coolest things
that I own is this spinosaurus - it's
what I do daily videos here myself
react
she just uploaded a new video on turbo
time which is writing in my toy channel
and that is it definitely check out
dress dreams calm I do videos here every
single day so hit the subscribe button
and bail or whatever things together
duty today is to watch my videos again
but I'll see you guys tomorrow
hey here's otter look look at all this
stuff we really need time to clean my
office what are you doing what are you
showing YouTube you're not supposed to
be climb on the back of couch that's the
hair Oh was that it
Wow awesome dude now now don't climb on
the couch
just started driving and not what's been
drunk I was at the stop sign back there
because I was mess with my cameraman
cadet I'm going to just drive and be
moving all around my car and not paying
attention or driving but now to the stop
sign and I try to look just through my
camera up in the air the land is right
it was bad I don't even know why I'm
telling you this the cameras okay I was
a biker
you
