look at this gorgeous view look at it no
I'm kidding
phone quiet I'm kidding this is just a
hotel and curtains but what's up guys
I'm in Washington DC right now and
somehow my life and it ended up in me
attending an event at the White House
and I decide to do a vlog because right
after this day in DC I'm flying to LA to
film for the revise video and I want to
take you guys along for the journey if I
can I think I can film in the White
House we'll see if they don't let me if
they don't I'll probably just show you
some pictures I snap here and there and
then we'll carry it on into LA that's
the plan pretty far off I also just got
hit in the face by that thing but I'm
gonna get suited up literally I'm gonna
put a suit on and I'm going to go to the
White House let's do it it's going to
freak a lot of you guys out there you go
yeah see so this might be weird to you
guys but I stressed up all the time I
like every time I have a date night with
my lady I'm always in Lisa button-up in
time and you know New Year's Eve I was
actually in this same suit with a
different shirt really not sure why I
explained myself but now you guys know
there you go there I am I'm ready let's
go to one
you
my dream
Oh everyone's freaking out there's the
red shirt I should have really should
have said that right when I put this on
there was already comment
it's so insane to think that I started a
YouTube channel one day I feel wrong
walking on the grass everyone else is
doing it that we're supposed to be here
this way I think maybe we're not
supposed to go this way
the way so we're that I started YouTube
channel one day now I'm standing in the
White House lawn Walt snowing that's
cool
and the Vice President Joe Biden but the
wife is with new nose oh OH
question right now arrange X number of
dollars and will who your ranges from
well you talk I can't do that works
thanks for being part of this um I have
double my job right now be anyone to
come back and participate in that door
the buffet literally there's like just
everyone eating a bunch of cheeses and
veggies is up but look at this room good
gonna achieve with your review of White
House gene
says like Jesus all right so we're
leaving and I don't really know where we
go you have no idea where we're going
we literally they didn't tell us how to
leave there's like at least oh I know
you know what I think I know where we
are
I know we came in on the opposite side
of this building so let's go down here
what's up guys
so I just want to pause this laga soda I
actually filmed a talking bit after this
when I got to California and I decided
to redo it here at my house I want to
say from the bottom of my heart thank
you to the staff of the White House Kyle
Lierman in general and the whole Obama
administration everyone we talked to the
whole time was extremely nice it was a
lot more laid-back than I thought it was
going to be like people were like they
felt like real people you know I feel I
can go to the White House and you think
you're going to meet a bunch of people
that are serious and these people were
real people relatable and just had
nothing but the nice things to say about
everything they talked about it was
really cool it wasn't really a political
thing as much as it was like just like
helping people out they talked about a
lot of causes that I can violence
against women like you saw on that like
literally like stuff that like would Jen
generally helps the world and it was
really heartwarming to see like so thank
you I might actually continue working
with them kind of left open ended last
month talk so like I said it's really
good things so I would love to and I
just want to say thank you it was such
an awesome experience to think that I
started by making skateboarding videos
on YouTube and of course I've expanded
and done different things with that and
I ended up getting invited to the White
House it just it really blows my mind
and I'm very very fortunate and thankful
to be in the situation that I am I have
you guys to thank so it's a huge thank
you to you guys and I want to say that
everybody that is about to comment
political or anti political things like
I think the best thing that you can do
is like cuz a lot of people just hear
that something they don't agree with
they shut their ears off and they get
angry and then they say something mean
and that is exactly what this world does
not need no matter what you believe in
you need to stand behind your country
for one at least give it the benefit of
the doubt that it's going to move
forward be open-minded that people have
different opinions the average person
truly wants a better situation for them
and their loved ones but keep that mind
like instead of hating just say like you
know what I disagree but to each his own
I think we all want the best you know
and if you would disagree with how
things are going
do yourself not to get to cheese you can
put on a positive attitude and do
something about it stand up
vote you know actually contribute to the
whole situation and
shoot for the better as my cheesy
motivational speech on let's all get
along because it's just the best if you
want anything about the world to get
better starting with accepting
differences and others and having a
positive attitude that's the best way to
do it so uh that's it I'm going to
continue this vlogger sowed and we are
going to go to LA so it's about to be a
much different vibe than me talking on
the stairs talking about politics but
one more time thank you so much the
White House and the Obama administration
Kyle Lierman you guys oh rule thank you
for an amazing time LA now and just like
that I'm in LA I didn't film out the
window I really should have filmed out
the window just so myself sitting in a
plane but I flew all day to get here is
11:00 in the morning but it feels like
9:00 at night for me
we're gonna go skateboard yeah vessel so
we got Matt
this is the one that made you happy I
don't think I want this one
alright let's just agree anti shouted
out dodge and then takes another dodge
so you take it back what we had last
time no one put this in here right
there's a happy in bag of M&Ms try one I
dare you
that's all you know you guys can hold
your own why does the windshield wiper
on you see that why I need this sleep is
this even real everyone I found it in
here what else is in here a map oh where
do they go
where do they buy these M&M that were on
is on so I'm not crazy
we're doing the same day in California
we do like eat tacos go to the sing a
baseball we skated exactly I like life
naturally I remember it being this big
now that we have properly in tacos like
one should anywhere in the world you
need tacos we're going to go skateboard
ah traffic there's nothing like it on an
LA day play you better look quick before
it melts away what I got the Allred
skateboard
and just like that we were athlete now
that guy said we could skate but we
couldn't film so a lot of mixed emotions
of this case but we will not film so
we're going to keep going vessel do a
big flip nose grind like a 180 nosegrind
big flip
you got three tries oh my gosh when I
see the first shot dude you need to do
that this weekend for your part dude
that's it that's the plan though plants
yeah that guy had a bike and a
skateboard and he was walking Oh gets
back okay orient already alright
and actually he's coming to California
because no one cares to be skate the day
people care if you skate maybe we should
just go skate shred course I agree hey
girls you hungry need to get some you're
like half a Baggins for a second I
thought it didn't exist it's right there
fun man
I'm cutting you off
not to abruptly change the whole vibe of
the blog one more time but I'm actually
going to end it here okay I filmed so
much in LA I didn't mean for it to be
this big of a blogger so did someone
split up into two and it will continue
tomorrow and then we hit some really
exciting skateboarding so make sure you
tune in but ride in one to be in this
video and it's going to be interesting
right in are you ready to come out do
you have a sports bra wrapped around you
wow you're looking really fly buddy
especially with a Star Wars shirt oh
yeah right I want to be in this video a
sports bra so there's that but thank you
guys for watching I do videos here every
single day so hit the subscribe button
if you want to see more for me if you
find a bell on the page that will notify
you when I upload video even better
because YouTube it's a funny thing
you also see you tomorrow mom has to
watch that now right oh wow you possibly
you just punch you too
oh you know what also I have said it a
few times I have a podcast we upload
episode every single week every Friday
and we just did one so I'll put a link
down in info about that but tune in we
talk about all things nerdy movies I get
with Ryan chambers he's a good dude so
there's your little tidbit of stuff
listen do it while you're I don't know
work it out whatever you do hanging out
if you're doing something else you can
listen to it pretty much
