YouTube what's up guys we have a brand
new skateboard here it's our very own
revived skateboard with Aaron Cairo as a
video game characteristic and we're
going to put it to the test using a
samurai sword this is going to be fun
and it's actually I feel like of all the
strength tests we're not going to be
able to do that much like ways of trying
to damage it because you can only chop a
skateboard so many ways we're going to
do exactly that see how well the deck
holds up and then we're going to
skateboard on it and see what kind of
tricks we can do after it has endured
the beating that is this stuff this
isn't much of a board breaker as the
other strength test has banned as much
as like a maybe like a chip 10 thought
oh it's a sword so maybe they've been
chopped right through it I wouldn't be
that surprised
hobbies present really well it's not the
sharpest sword in the world so at least
we got that I don't want to destroy the
skateboard but sometimes you got to
destroy things I don't come that I feel
like a sword
yeah that's the other thing I don't want
to separate well yeah little dress that
over here so before we do this at all I
want to say don't play with swords and
also uh playing swords be careful
because of this braid Blake and the
brain Blake's hair if this blade breaks
it could M you seen the infomercials
when comes and stands back and that
happens with not being a dude on the
infomercial that's the horse guy baby's
neck dude man's got a rough life because
of things hat you are crazy
he acts like using music for club
damn right poor man I have this in some
of the final fantasy freedom which is a
great thing let's change I have time for
it I don't think this is good too much
damage we can't do anything
ready how many how do I get away I
probably should be orange my glasses we
did more damage that thought though
think about your grip tape given that it
wants to chomp this yeah not me you have
your voice you think mine was wooden
even his is better come on ba you got a
beard yeah exactly yours was whoopee-doo
I'll have it again looks like you've had
it with a popular hoonjae's didn't look
means he'll there's mine there's your
little better gotta cool I'm not going
to know hey put the sunglasses on pure
green and if you get stabbed in the face
an accident you're going to take care of
it on your own accord you're okay all
right I should be wearing sunblock
those are better than that either way
Alex you are going to hold her I know
you always do
don't break the blade be aware that's
when people get hurt you can wear these
glasses on dude oh wow that one actually
got you got down the middle well it's
not doing much this is Haruko sake are
you guys music now we're going to go see
good okay thank you good it is actually
kind of pleasant thank God you actually
look way cooler - this is going to do
some damage to it I keep you have joy
Karin Cairo we're coming for you
dude everyone preform good good little
cut well honestly this is holding up way
harder that's always going to wait it's
holding up way better that's not a very
good proper proper English language it
looks really cool actually like that
should be like a graphic design needs
your muscle okay it might be better than
the last three people work if you have
two pairs of glasses that they cancel
out your vision does that's amazing
that was so good
here's our old intern back yeah you're
cut off
Oh see that oh wow
Garrett that's like a movie written by
Nicholas Sparks and the deep movie a
book I feel like the nose and tail be
the most acceptable we're gonna notice
we're even sideways strikes are you
ready for this hi we're sideways right
huh this is not going to stay up this
Matt if you didn't get the brave hearted
yeah be careful with that Ford I know we
do my gosh it's way more fragile in the
nose inhale but we're going to cut a
chunk out of the side maybe it'd be kind
of funny if you did yeah I remember
yeah
whoa watch me we were yeah
forget it I'm going hard
you're taking the are out on right into
the are we kind of make him an a on yeah
all right there's trying to get lit them
oh wow perfectly we made him an arrow
yeah yeah Wow that'll work though
Wow full alert samurai swords destroy
skateboard you hold the schoolers Wow oh
that's not smart
Greg was sitting on the sidelines next
to the now it's walking please be
aggressive totally good right Wow okay
well you know did a pretty good chip it
if Garrett hadn't have gone I would say
this held up amazing our various don't
let your don't let your friends like
Garrett shop your skateboard with a
camera samurai sword but overall it's a
pretty good condition and we're going to
skate it just to see how good condition
hopefully doesn't break shell nollie
flip it you're not going to know the
background I'll do it I'll do it notice
like to show I'm gonna do a cursory run
all right it is so weird because you
could fail all the notches that were
taken out from our first blows yeah
off your hands for being shopped in half
this nose it's extremely strong it felt
like a normal nose when I was doing the
nose one now what that was weird
honestly I think the bearings of the
bigger culprit of this skateboard being
weird weird thing about this you have to
like not pick your board up with the
nose or you could get a splinter like
boo boo berry make it be better I can do
that or you guys going to go let's go
right here he came to turn Casey I
challenge you to do a nose manual in a
flip trick this is an ancient set up
from a long ago their bearings before
bearings work yeah they were like the
first first barrier there
to get it the rabbit Michael Duke is
married period shuddered with it when it
wings around I think yeah one of the
ways I picked out of his it back I can I
ask you why shouldn t alright this is
dangerous to hold yeah don't do it
that on the on the mat trip that was a
bold portrait maybe that was the reason
that you did it though three flippers
off like that
oh dude okay I could have not been but
you are yeah but it was close slaughter
mall or me take off your pants
thank you big all right here we go
it definitely stood the test on the
Crossgate in the border destruction
bushing and needing a new light so
similar to a normal keyboard bigger than
my board but focus it did a devastation
damage but to the test
oh oh by the way videos every single day
is it's true I don't if you want to see
more and I'll see you guys tomorrow but
we have a sale this weekend I'm going to
see corrupts them okay you'll find out
what after the break
okay the outro the first outro thank you
don't forget the bow
Nash don't have to bail today tomorrow
hit it up right after the break
Brian Eames we get skateboards in Gotham
skateboard yes we are fully stocked we
got all the sizes that you might have
been on the straight quarters calm and
not found the size that you're looking
for well all of the decks get restocked
we're fully loaded and now we're
actually going to say we're doing a
weekend winter sale yep all weekend
starting yesterday 20% off all of our
apparel if t-shirts and hoodies all
about socks nope no socks no hats or do
that hoodie and shirt sale protein sure
yeah to a percent off though that's a
big chunk so I want to say thank you
guys to everyone who is a watching the
videos in repping our gear out there
Hopa if the winter isn't sucking too
much for you and we're going Australia
it's summer so be thankful oh and
there's a link to our online skate shop
right down there
that's it good bye I was gonna film
Brody but she's gone she came over to
check us out and she said you guys are
boring look what were thought processes
it might have been exactly that it
probably was now she walked over here we
weren't worth it no
