hands down the weirdest fall I've seen
in my life you just made fall Friday
yeah what who just happened what kind of
a fall was that he's trying to get like
a hand 50/50 while walking on the wall I
don't even know what to think what I saw
it I was like laughing clearly in the
footage I am laughing when I went he
when he tried dead
no when he fell I was taking him
seriously for a second I was like all
right what do you got Carlos cuz Carlos
is good okay he can do some weird stuff
they don't know what's happening or he
think he's gonna do a normal trick and
he ends up doing something that blows
your mind like Carlos is a good guy at
skate morning and I was like why was he
got in for me and then just fell in his
face which maybe that was what he was
trying to get happen it was the weirdest
turn of events ever okay it just makes
you when you see that you're like you
just got a thing like how and why I mean
I know when and where I was there and I
could tell the time alright I have a
watch no I don't I do I do but I don't
wear it I have a phone cuz it's 2017
people I didn't talk to Carlos about
this but I still have no idea what he
was trying to do I'm guessing he was
trying to like jump and put his in the
board back under him but like none of
that happened at all and he didn't even
do once he didn't twice and it's totally
my fault I was like Carlos you just made
for Friday congratulations you need to
give me a better thumbnail there yes
sometimes in the YouTube world you got
to get thumbnails okay because the
YouTube stupid it's awesome but it's
dumb like that okay I did not think
users you know legit try it again I
didn't think he was gonna fall the same
way again but while he absolutely did
watch this
I'm cutting you off it kind of works
perfectly so there you go there's
back-to-back the weirdest fault you'll
see the dailies my god says one of the
weird things that I've seen go down well
skateboarding I did not expect that at
all did you know that your dryer spins
faster than a tornado
I also made that up but it's funny
though because Carlos is a fantastic
skateboarder and this is hands down the
worst display of skill or just how
skateboarding isn't generally imagine if
you like we're trying to start a
skateboarder you're talking to your mom
to buy you a new skateboard you're like
I promise you it's awesome it's gonna be
a great thing for me oh look someone's
doing it right now
and she's like oh really let me see what
the skateboarding things all about so
that's what it is
so you're just riding on obstacles and
then the end game is to fall on your
face okay
or also you know like for the girls to
like watch dudes skateboarding this is
also one of the moments they're like oh
wow you really don't look good when
you're skateboarding and I can say this
without offending Carlos because Carlos
is one of the greatest skateboarders
I've ever met in my life so I don't feel
bad about this this is this specific
moment in Carlos's skateboarding that
looked really funny really really funny
okay girls to do watch at Carlos he's
normal skateboarding don't get any ideas
he is totally taken he's happy and taken
okay and he could three flip over all of
you and your friends no offense I don't
want to be offensive drag that be
impressive Carlos I feel like this is
such a special fall that I need needs a
name I don't know what I'd call it but
it needs a name like you know when you
get sacked like I got sacked or you get
Kurt sharted yeah that's a thing
he'll know whatever name this though the
face collapse a magnet face hey ground
meat my nose any of those pretty much
will work and as you know I'm gonna edit
something into this fall to make him
fall down okay because he didn't do it
on his own accord video clip or
something made Carlos do it but wore out
what controller the one up front
controls right
see now that clip makes more sense than
the actual fall I'm pretty sure because
he just kind of fell to his face it was
like he was willingly willing like hey
ground pick me I want to fall on you but
it was a super funny moment when it
happened I was like well I have to
feature this Carlos I was just a work of
art that you could fall so weird two
times in a row and I feel bad a little
bit when I watched it in real life I
thought it was way worse of a fall and
now when I watch it now and in my heart
you know what Carlos is okay he kept
skating that day actually he did really
good he went to three flip a ten stare
and pop shuvit attends to just like 30
minutes later so Carlos was a-ok and
that whole weekend he did things that
blew my mind those will come out in
future videos and he saved some for
future projects like a video part why
not so stay tuned for all that but I
will show you some skateboarding of
Carlos this bit on my channel and I have
so much of it because he is so so
talented he's a machine he could film a
video part in a weekend if you wanted to
so here is Carlos landing tricks and
making them look good and not looking so
odd
look at your face man you got face right
there on your head like god Aaron
smiling
boom there you go
so that was Carlos yes he is a mindler
he's one of the talent most talented
dudes I've ever met my life he has no
fear maybe it's a little fear I mean
it's healthy to have fear but like it
did nothing stops him like you man he's
gonna try it you take him to a big set
of stairs a gap a Ledge he's good at at
least try something crazy or do
something so mind-blowing that you just
don't understand what's going on so
that's it you should support this dude
he's awesome he's a nice guy I'll put
his Instagram bio right down there in
the info and easy YouTube channel too so
I'll put that down there as well but
yeah Carlos you were the best dude watch
out for more content of Carlos here on
my channel and I do fall Fridays like
this right is kind of goof off and
review a fall every now and then so but
I also do daily videos so hit the
subscribe button and bell button because
you got to do five things to watch
videos around here these days and I will
see you guys tomorrow and since this is
fall Friday I'm gonna go grab a person
for the hot seat okay let's do this you
are yeah you gotta do the hot seat have
a seat that's the chair you're on okay
it's hoody can fly off alright is that
one was my video in it
hurry was it how many pop-tarts have you
eaten today 45 okay I want you to think
back on your first kiss what was the
first thought that popped in your head
dude Elton John peeing on the couch
