you too but what is up guys I'm doing a
little fingerboard video today because
you guys like fingerboarding and I don't
mind doing it I have fun doing it
actually it has been a few weeks since
I've done one so today I'm going to be
testing out just this new tech deck
skate anywhere Park it looks kind of
cool so I hope it is but before I want
to do that I would want to say that
revive technics I have heard I've
actually in stores I have not seen them
myself I know I did a video saying
they're out because I was told they're
out but I know for a fact that people
have bought them in UK so if you live in
the UK and you have a Target or Walmart
nearby or Toys R Us go check it out if
you're here in the US just keep checking
that's what I'm doing I do know that
they just released this picture of boom
which is rad there's a new batch of
revive finger birds dropping in the
summer like a little four pack as you
just saw and those looks super sweet
really cool but for now I'm just gonna
be using this I hope Technic actually
sends me the four pack because I really
want to get my hands on those but I'm
gonna be using my Johnny Geiger right
here and it'll do the trick so let's
bust this box open one thing I love
about Tec Tec is that they're so
affordable I think this box was ten
bucks and ten bucks for some stuff to
figure board on it's totally doable this
is cooler than I thought it was gonna be
so one thing is that I knew they're
gonna be light but they have suction
cups so they'll stay down that's awesome
that is not moving there's the first one
you got your little Jersey barrier oh
here's your box
suction comes off that that's a little
wobbly but when you're actually
fingerboarding I think it's good I got a
fire hydrant please give me this fire
alright and then we got the bike rack
the bike rack which this is a weird bike
rack I feel like I've seen bike racks
that are like a really good rail on top
but it's like kind of like a weird shape
it's alright but the suction cup stuff
really works
it just stays there that's really cool
so yeah I'm gonna get the fingerboard
guys I'm gonna start with this first
let's do a bunch of tricks on it do the
basics I meant to lipslide and I did
like a nose blunt or nose Ryan there we
go it's gone
trying to backside noseblunt all right
let's get flippy oh my gosh ooh here's a
new one a varial it's a big heel flip
horse light I've never done it
Oh Mason worthless oh come on we get
here oh my gosh I hope that flipped I'm
sure it didn't because that would just
be too convenient that was like a
dolphin he'll flip that didn't count
darkness oh it came unstuck II the
unstuck he did I just say that word that
was probably like a dolphin he'll flip
again but Doug dang it I was so smooth
we'll go back to the basic kickflip
stuff oh my Baba my Baba
Oh kickflip boardslide come on dude to
fakies
I'm weird today
alright alright cable crooks
alright
three flip knows right well there there
was that on accident thing if you ever
try a free flip grind you're gonna do a
three-foot blip on accident most of the
time like at least ten times before you
land your shrink Oh didn't mean to do
that oh my gosh yes
okay yeah I'll do some flip tricks over
this thing cuz that's gonna be hard I
just clipped on a fire header go trick I
just knocked the fire hydrant over all
right that was amazing
varial double BAM
I think I'm gonna try a hardflip for my
last trick on this that was so not it
was that it it was a little weird but
that was it I never knew hardflip so I'm
pretty psyched on that let's switch over
to this thing which will be fun
nope lunch oh nothing
you go straight for the blunt cake look
because it's a really easy train till I
make that claim then I'm terrible at it
don't like how Bradley it is will grow a
3-foot nose blonde come on there's that
dream of lipslide is the same sound
effect every time you mess it like
that's a relief
I'll show you all the attempts but that
probably took me the longest it ever has
on that trick it's not this thing's
fault I just I just kind of sucked in
today I came up with a new one there
today which is not hard at all which it
feels really cool as a front blunt three
flip oh yeah I don't want a room here
that's the one that was good let's go
big flip out oh come on
look power sliding so almost done I just
wanted to give this thing the better for
the doubt and actually try it out this
is the bike rack and the material isn't
as good as the other things other things
they feel really good this thing I feel
like this would be cooler just to launch
over like kind of like how we did the
fire hydrant like that try to do a few
grinds the suction cup things work great
on us nothing free grind
kick flip back flip shove it oh whatever
I'm taking that certain tricks don't
work on it so I've been saying this
thing just use it like the fire hydrant
or maybe like this like put it up
against a wall without probably cooler
let me get skated like that this is a
pretty cool set but I didn't even
consider combining these I just skated
them separately
I look at this like you could like set
up a cool rail here I just broke it but
my point is is that you could get
creative with this thing there's a lot
of different options for only 10 bucks
Wow I'm destroying this I don't care for
this as much but the other thing are
really cool like I never really go over
things and having the fire hydrant like
forced me to go over it the box is cool
but this is my favorite because it's
like a rail this is also the sturdiest
of them the box stays but it see this
kind of wobble like I said either way
really really cool this is the skate
anywhere Park boom and yeah I guess you
could skate it anywhere I don't see why
you have to travel with your finger
boarding stuff but if you do there you
guys go now on the back they have a
different kinds of set that are kind of
like this where you like just take it
have a little bit of everything pretty
cool there you go I like this you can
always just find a textbook like a
school textbook or anything around your
house to finger board but if you're
gonna buy an actual tech tech product
like I backed this and I hope you guys
like
as always you guys keep enjoying my
fingerboard videos I will keep making
them and I'm sure you guys want to see
me do one with Bryden soon so maybe I'll
see what if he wants to do one if he
doesn't it'll just be me but how it
comes the stickers too you put these on
it that's cool if you guys want an
actual skateboard I have an online skate
shop the strikers calm of course if you
have a local skate shop support them but
they can always carry revived gear and
they might already so I appreciate the
love of support guys it truly means a
lot I have new videos all this weekend
so stay tuned subscribe button right
down below if you want to see it it's
just right under the video you click it
it's easy you're free and it's free and
it's easy and you're signed up that is
it I'm gonna go do some actual
skateboarding which no offence
fingerboarding is way more fun and I
need exercise fingers are probably super
fit from that fingerboarding but I need
to exercise the rest of my body you guys
have a good day
I'll see you tomorrow I got a text from
Craig
expect this oh I thought it's gonna
bounce in the face the Safety's on wait
you really I didn't expect it you mean
the arm didn't hurt buzz but it startled
me this is a really good nerf blaster
I just apparently have an adult that
just places a bunch of Joy's I have a
toy channel with my with my little dude
and we reviewed this one and we donate
all our stuff but I like this so much
that I bought another one so I can shoot
people around the office cool Brian AIDS
