that that camera is not gonna see my
pets there it is yeah
goodbye YouTube what is up guys I am in
Las Vegas for New Year's Eve I just
tried to turn the volume down I turn the
temperature up and yeah it's date
weekend but we're doing
Garrett Hays and I are gonna go
skateboarding for the day and we're
gonna meet up ninja and this is the
first time back this is my first time
trying to skate since my arm has been
weird so I'm only gonna do a few tricks
to test the waters wish me luck good
luck man
thank you but you ninja yeah you have to
skate we'll see oh yeah don't go how are
about it
hey thanks Las Vegas for being gloomy
I am
so you were skateboards oh yeah you
didn't well that's weird
I can't believe I've done a trick on
this I definitely couldn't do it I wish
I was feeling that you didn't first try
and you kicked me in the stomach when
you did it yeah do you start like this
you did it your champ dude yeah perfect
he didn't beat it three of them first
try and he kicked me he kicked me in the
stomach like right here we didn't want
to put our boards in our suitcases so
Casey we have him ship it here and this
is the first revive unboxing in my
channel there it is I've never skated
this is slash deck I usually get blue
blue decks at all
Casey board sled my skateboard right now
we're off to of the first skate spot on
the trip which is kind of big ledge if
you use them a good there I can see it
though and if I don't get something good
it's because my arm hurts if you don't
do something good we just say you just
be good and then I say please yeah yeah
don't show anybody now alright a
skateboard I'm gonna set the camera down
an alley D so now let's do a kickflip
Reviva skated in like a week
it's a mental game yes so you guys
actually get your trick I did a kickflip
in Holland oh that's actually makes me
happy is the mountain didn't feel bad at
all
get out the way yes if you would hate
yourself in the face whoo all right I
thought I was getting hit with the
dressers I was good man I'm nonstop yeah
boy like crazy McTwist Daniel Trujillo
sup man wouldn't awesome you ate you ate
you see like 24 hours we go home loss
oh really stay that long yeah where's a
lot to be read in encyclopedia who give
me the account yes Oh
Wow dude you went far beyond my
expectations other nights gonna
skateboard today I just might do a
little bit cool you look like just a
random guy filming people do this whole
like even miss a trick step over here
and break your ankle holding up to a
trick that was so good dude yeah no it's
not someone hug him though I think I
might have cracked my super good session
is it vest I'm wearing a vest tonight
I'll send a picture to not you when I
got there I was like okay the weather's
gross there's a bunch of people around
there's water on the ground I was like
yeah I don't think anyone's gonna want
to skate this didn't take they want to
actually I did you're happy you did feel
like a bag of pineapples which is my
first clue you give good advice dude I
wish I had an arm so I can skate park
what are this
the landing is great you want to a
manoeuvre yeah what is that
Oh what is that is that called like I
wish I got three flip trick oh then you
should just boost it the other way dude
have you seen this thing he's doing I
have no idea what you think why I call
it the boosted - I wish I could three
flip watching I wish I could this is a
booster like a thing people do it's the
thing with me and my kosterman do okay
so it is a good new type of
skateboarding trick boosted dude good
job how do you feel I feel a lot better
so I'm gonna cut here and we're gonna
film a game of skate on engine channel
which you'll want to see I'll put it
down the info but we're about to go to
one of my favorite spots in Boston New
Mexico in Las Vegas yeah so let's go do
this final spot of the day Ninja drive
your car and the dog was okay but she
never bought Twizzlers again we're here
silver on a ditch that have been great
if you were wearing a completely
different nice this is the gloomiest day
in las vegas ever amazing paint job oh
yeah there's the rest of it so I'm gonna
try to no slide at the very least of no
stall my arm has been so far so good
that's the only thing I'm doing here
yeah my arms feel sore like immediately
but I did it I tested it out I'm gonna
feel you go you gotta feel make hawk
it's gonna feel me film you guys that's
how I look on a day to day basis
seriously
that had to look really dumb on your
camera
we did do it that was pretty much the
best you could have done that yeah a
good day you crushed it that is it I'm
glad that I came out and tried to
skateboard although you know I didn't
lay a ton of tricks but it wasn't like I
get really freaked out with injuries so
I'm trying that use my way back into it
I don't think you can even see that in
the shot a lot of people when I did the
video talking about my injury but
everybody exploded with comments saying
that I was good it was done my arms
gonna fall off it's all gonna get worse
and it's actually got vastly better and
it's only four days after I put that
video or I filmed that video so I don't
know when this goes up but hopefully by
the time this goes up I'm back in action
it's feeling a lot better
like there's no discomfort when I move
it around it's like it's it's good so
that's it for this vlog so people I'm
gonna go have a New Year's Eve with my
wife it's to be awesome oh yeah and I do
daily videos so if you want to see more
from me hit the subscribe button and if
you're on a cell phone you see a bell
hit that because that's a thing and now
now I'm gonna walk now I'm gonna walk
this way Daniel okay cool later
Daniel
and I'll see in a month okay I'll be
back in a month even a month are you to
be here more than likely yes but
actually more than likely I'll probably
leave because you know just how good
yeah you'll be going to like Hong Kong
what I'm getting bit landing in the
airport so all right well if you're gone
I'll put a picture of your face in the
video okay all right but you're gonna
walk this by even though my car is that
way
you
