YouTube what is up guys today I'm with
some awesome freestyle as you know this
guy Daniel Trujillo I really hope he
lands that and then my kosterman how's
it going guys both talented dudes high
fives and I'm not talented when it comes
to freestyling so I'm gonna it is so
true you don't even know dude but I'm
gonna try a few tricks and then after I
have failed and made no entertainment
value to this video these guys will do
some tricks I'm gonna use your board
because I don't have a freestyle
skateboarding demonstrate my first
challenge oh man I have my fuse art look
at look at your shoes Wow
well that's I'm in it okay so that's
what I got to do yeah challenge 1 best
challenge won't have this catch all
right so let's just point out that this
thing is a weird shaped skateboard it's
a little I mean it kind of looks like a
Twinkie skinny Twinkie that never edit
even actually eating a Twinkie ok so
what am i doing so I just go like gosh
I'm gonna die is that how about I do
first yeah well you do you die
afterwards no I mean is that how I flip
it up alright and hit me right in the
big toe
he says less Trump more pushed I can't
how do you not roll you're not supposed
to move on these things are ya
les fries and it took me gosh oh gosh
for a second I thought I was gonna do it
smooth and I was like high-five I'm not
talented
alright well I was going into this thing
that I was going to suck a lot but that
didn't take me that long so what should
I try next you want to give it oh my
next challenge do the ghost rail flip
that beginner the ghost rail flip what
oh yeah I flip it that much though okay
so to put up a facing you yeah are you
and then I just kick it that way I'm
gonna go much like Brett Novak you got
it
oh it's right there there's you got it
you gotta do this and half shins this is
terrifying it it so there's a spot like
a sweet spot alright hit like right in
between there try to push it just
straight down that way oh that was it
terrifying Wow Oh pop right there boom I
landed that like I knew exactly what I
was doing I will take that throw that
poked it
I mean felt for a freestyle trick yeah
no offense I need a third final
challenge straight real flip right
straight rail float like a regular rail
Filippelli from from the rail that likes
other that likes the opposite rail flip
uh yeah the ghost real tough that you
did wall on the board oh okay that's
what Sam Taber does I think I can do
that
not saying I'm better than Sam Taber Sam
papers graded here go have this know
what I go much I mean I don't know I
don't even think that's the best part of
the trick okay but don't move when I'm
there what does it do
in the same spot it was for that ghost
triplet basically like that but you guys
did like a quadruple flip yeah but
that's just that is so hard oh my gosh
haha
whew okay that wasn't the challenge but
that was not oh there was perfect
haha how would you ever make it get in
the air well first you're going to be a
loser for like ten years of your life
gosh we're gonna do this oh oh yeah oh
yeah we're doing this we're gonna go
home and eat a lunchable oh oh yes
alright Vanna White no oh yes all right
all right now look Trebek Oh Vin Diesel
boom I'm just gonna take that it always
loved one spot oh yeah high five gosh
that was tough
good job Wow free song is way hard I
mean I knew I sucked at it so I knew it
was hard but it's hard yeah we'come who
it is now that I've struggled you got to
do it thank you okay you guys got to do
like two tricks each key to free stuff
stretching which I did not do hi Carlos
hey dude so funny sorry actually before
I freestyle is that you know Carlos yeah
2003 was it happen for 2004 spiky hair
was wearing a wife-beater
now you just tried you distract from
actually skating yeah yeah oh yeah dude
you were rolling it matey
okay
oh yeah that was good Oh my shadow
screwed up but that was super smooth no
that was good we'll keep it what's this
one called
I have no idea that Jimmy Bob Thornton
I'll do some right that's not a trick
whoo I have no idea what happened I'm
gonna call that one the catnip kill it
the pirate platinum the pirate walk yes
the pirate yeah
oh my gosh
jeez no that was perfect
super good do some pogo tricks proudly
Wow
cheese
well you're not consistent come over
Chee dude that's nuts enough I was like
that was like just raw footage of how
talented that is how much I'm terrible
at this but thank you for giving
employers why not and that Daniel
wherever he is there he is get over here
his YouTube channel and his YouTube
channel is write down the info and I
urge you guys to check it out thanks
Annie oh yeah you guys for uh thank you
helping me not suck I still suck but to
work in progress
it always is which is life you know
region cycle PDS no but I do two videos
every single day so hit the subscribe
button if you want to see more from me
and since YouTube is changing every
single day find a bell ring it and I
don't know answer your doorbell - but
I'm gonna go I'm gonna go finish we want
revenge hopefully
and for the bonus check we got Carlos
with the stickers trick you'll see today
