YouTube what is up guys we're actually
here to tell you or more so this dude
because he really knows how to use one
of these things but how to many born
because it is super strange it's not
like a normal skateboard at all so he's
gonna give you some pointers and I'll
let you know how the magic is Mookie
does new pointers I don't want it I
don't want pointers
I really don't look at this comes to a
point a little bit about this this is a
mini green skateboard aka mini board but
what he does is he reuses old
skateboards that you would stop skating
from whatever reasons where someone has
stopped skating and he's turns them into
a pearly good usable mini skateboard fun
for all ages it really is it really is
it also dangerous for all in very very
dangerous but be careful you you are
skating one of these don't understand
one of these things because is much more
difficult and it's easier to to slip out
and fall on your bum it's very
satisfying to land a normal trick on us
it's very it's very dude's knees it's
I'm not drawing it too hard but you look
like you're about to see I'm try alright
so the main thing with these is baby
steps okay everything you're doing is
going to be a lot less movement in your
feet so you're getting kind of like
refrain from doing the full ollie in the
full kick foot and he'll go into more in
depth are you actually Oliver it's all
about baby foot oh God first get your
balance and then barely move this foot
when you pop
I think the ollie is one of the harder
tricks is when you're doing the kickflip
it kind of lets your foot leave the
board in a fashion ollie it's like you
got to make sure your foot does not go
too far or you're gonna just gonna shoot
your foot off the board yeah about three
inches appointment and he moved his foot
too much awful lot barely move your foot
super good that's barely moved her eye
one time did it up the Euro gap that we
had set up here and it was like one of
hardest things I've done on these things
it's literally just like your feet are
like this okay just like that
what is this video what's happening oh
they won hurrah
there you go that's the ollie and do not
be bummed if that's the hardest in the
world because once you learn all the
other tricks you're probably not going
to be doing an ollie too much yeah you
can be doing kick flips and maybe three
folks I think they're hard he can do
flips or wood that's insane we're gonna
move on to the kickflip next because
180s are pointless pretty much can you
do them I knew back when it's probably
is really weird I would even bother with
180s shove-its are super easy they're
the same exact thing so we're gonna move
on to the kickflip which is way easier
foot placement I would it's just the
same thing as a normal kickflip except
shrunken in you want to hang your pull
your foot back a little bit so your toe
is doing the flicking and make sure your
kicking I would say down more than out
because there's no knows there's no nose
to catch your foot so kick down baby
feet kick down and shrink in your feet
that one was solid hey one more person
how is this here that is good oh all
right so Amy says put your foot in a
normal kick pool position I like to hang
my toes slightly off so you take a
little more let's try it yeah see what I
mean it's a little toe off to get more
kick just like that
some possible failures we're even doing
the kickflip you push too hard that way
like you'd almost do a forward flip and
then all I start kickflipping like tail
up that's very common and that just
means your kid fielding too late on the
skateboard so if that's happening make
sure you just kind of kick earlier and
lower on the board yeah and to get the
pop it's kind of hard to get that pop
like we've been doing this for a little
while the other pop you're just gonna
really like costigan your ollie without
moving your feet get it in the air and
then kick down and it'll take some time
but you'll like this trick way better
than Ollie's what do you think we should
teach next are some good beginner tricks
Thank You Biggs man I'm not good at it
he's really good I could do it he's
waiting so I'll let him tell you all
about this drink what you do is you put
your feet on and then move your body you
put it down okay okay you want the the
tail to pick yeah you want the tail to
be kept at your nose because you will
not be able to do the trick like this
there's I mean you can I've never tried
wouldn't suggest it though anytime
you're doing a fakie or knowledge trick
you're gonna be wanting to pop off the
only tail in this thing is don't even
worry about it so to do this trick of
your own Swiss like you said move over
to fake and you're gonna do a movie here
okay you're gonna just literally just
shove it this way okay you're gonna do a
slight as you hit the tail you're into a
slight nudge with this foot and it's
very natural and do a 360 shuvit and
then you know you follow Supai one into
your body that sounds way more technical
it actually is a very Swift motion I
would say it's way easier the half-cab
on these things it's easier on normal
board but it's not too hard on this and
once you get the used to like doing the
trick and pulling your feet together to
land on it you should have it wrapped I
will let this guy demonstrate
we're not gonna show you stationary
because it wouldn't be a fakie baseman
so there's three beginner tricks the
ollie the cake with the fakie big spoon
to start with I would say those are the
easiest tricks I'm gonna shove it we're
gonna go to some we're going to step on
Ounces foot and then we're gonna go to
some basic board slot at front board
zipper he's on front blunts I've done 50
pages lipslides rail in general as a
little more advanced but we're gonna
teach you the basics to get you started
if you do want to dabble in some board
size baby feet more than ever because it
is so easy for your foot to go over it
on a board side and unreal like this
you're not going to get hurt that much
but if you get it on a solid slide
you're just doing little baby tap keep
your foot feet close together and get
off I personally think the boardslide is
harder than the front board that's just
because it's easier for me to like turn
back side with up with the mini great
basic if you know the boardslide it's
the same idea like a slight angle
you're gonna ollie up and turn over and
slide it on but just try it make sure
you keep your feet together don't Ollie
- don't move your foot too high and you
should be alright
all right so a front board is the same
idea you know baby feed don't Polly
don't swing your foot too high on your
ollie or whatever it is the one thing is
different with the front board is you
can ride a little more parallel with it
you don't need it you can come back
dangle that's completely fine but you
can also ride like this and ollie and
then just move your board over like with
the front board stick your butt out a
little bit and slide it on how we have
been teaching you assuming that you can
actually do some basic skateboarding if
you do not do basic skateboarding learn
that first before skating one of these
there was a bonus trick by Alex who is
amazing a meteor eating mini greening
mini boarding my name's is just average
ever there yeah that is the advanced
mini boarding which maybe we'll do it in
advance how to so if you guys dug this
video let us know I hope it helped a lot
of you guys it is very hard so don't get
too frustrated just enjoy yourself yeah
enjoy have fun goof off and don't take
it too seriously and you'll find
yourself landing more weird goofy tricks
so a lot of fun this guy sells them he
makes videos on them his a channel right
popped up right next my head right there
so check that out and when he has a new
batch for sale he puts a video up
letting you know and they do sometimes
real fast so if you want one of these I
would grab it what you can do you have a
batch coming soon ah end of January and
in January no you guys go so thanks for
watching guys hope that helps good
I suck at three flips and I just
recently landed one I didn't like third
try on the ground off-camera so much
Charlie three tries if I land it cannot
land it if I didn't love it it's hard
it's all your pro foot
Oh more clean it up and clean it up
clean it Oh hands you blew it I know I
suck man you don't think I know that you
don't think I think about this tonight
you hurt his feelings
sorry
you
