YouTube what is up guys one I would like
to say thank you from the bottom of my
heart I was gonna do a video just called
thank you and it's gonna be all mushy
and emotional and then I also want to do
a video unboxing all of this stuff that
has been stockpiling in my office I just
want to start this out by saying thank
you so much for everything that is that
is happened with my channel and the
company's whatnot Bry names
it's just along for the ride he didn't
know hey why am I here he didn't even
know that I was gonna go on about this
so I am gonna unbox all of this up I
have so much to unbox yeah like it's
just it is a dream come true
I've reiterated this a million times my
channel there's a long list of people I
can thank but I'm just gonna say a
general thank you guys
it means a lot and leading into the next
thing I'm sorry everyone that has ever
sent me a messages or emails or stuff
like this I am so so drained on time my
life that like I don't even have time to
open up boxes that are addressed to me
sometimes it's really really tough so
I'm gonna unbox all this stuff that's
been sitting my office in a way of
saying thank you the people who sent
them feel no need to ever send me
anything people that do I appreciate it
we're gonna unbox it here is that a nice
thing this way to put it it is okay
close the door we're just gonna jump
right into it some of these boxes are no
comment I don't know if like sometimes
people open my mail and then realize
it's for me like Bryan is reading the
letter that clearly says dear Andy this
is Lucas 12 year old from Houston there
they start playing card shop wow wow
they have some stuff playing cards the
story of Darth Vader but Alexis you guys
have a few Star Wars related items a few
listen I can start my own shop with this
we should play some of these noise like
games like is Justin taking us down with
us this weekend oh yeah by the way here
forward villains and heroes that's
pretty awesome Thank You Lucas amazing
what crap what is this playing card
collector set it has like one for each
film that's pretty sick this is amazing
triple check it out and they send you a
bunch of packing that's awesome
Thank You Lucas we got a lot to dislike
Robert Alan yeah give me that from Robin
it's from high ridin and Andy and by
riding a I mean Indian riding Allah what
made my brain read it that way I am
Lionel once again I think fingerboards
can complete a Berkshire G I know you
guys I think this fingerboard will
complete a perfect show G wow this is
old that's awesome
- Tony Hawk has an old one I'm not gonna
open this uh-uh that's pretty cool
Thank You Lionel this is bear this bear
does this hurt
no I was gonna hit in the head but you
you needed it a little tuck and roll
all right there yes from Bear who's my
dude and why in Hawaii hey I don't know
if he's in Kailua and Kaneohe or not I
blanked out all the addresses so if you
see an address that's just our p.o box
don't get too excited
Oh bear is this like a shoe it's uh ha
it is it's sandals for writing he's got
he's got to grow into these or I got to
go down to these but that's awesome so
all right Bobo very nice you bear an
Tess oh we got red Ryan I've been to the
red sandal nope red t-shirt sandals look
like sandals Hawaiian TC sir
Aloha brah I'll get that brah I don't
have a Hawaiian t-shirt raah
I do now good thing they sent you read
some books what is this
maybe it's to teach me how to read a
wine didn't cutting in forward and
backwards yeah so it's gonna be I think
that's like no is it early education
programs probably yeah teach me how to
speak come on early education program
look at that guy that guy like had to go
out into the jungle get that photo do
this what would you do if you just
stumbled onto this photo shoot you're
pretty good be awesome thank ya thank
you I hope this is I hope I'm not
mistaken when I think that teaches me
how to speak Hawaiian Merry Christmas oh
you know what see this is what I get for
open up stuff late this has been awesome
on the Christmas tree
yeah Brittany I'm guessing what a pretty
he'll be psyched on this that's really
cool that is so awesome thank you
oh that's gonna be hard not to eat yep
chocolate caramel and macadamia nuts oh
my gosh this is gonna be good for me
Amano hello yes oh it has milk chocolate
okay
heck yeah are you skinny I'll eat this
nobody notice box up geez another look
oh I want to know where the English is
to say each book publishing two official
hinges brah he told you you're right I
was wrong
total I can learn Hawaiian Thank You
bear you are the best dude intense hope
you guys are having a good the whole
family is having a great winter even
those not rominger this is from denny
Vegas yeah some of these like I said
they're open though but see you got to
read the notes cuz it's probably not
actually from Denny Denny is probably
his dad saying oh look at this that's an
awesome Power Rangers don't burn up I'm
a two-finger but oh yeah no I got these
no no this is something different I get
cool open those up period it was a
little tiny guy I had to type text um
anybody remember those mini that is one
detailed Doug Jessa tells graphic look
at this yeah let me see it
oh this they've got one bolt it's
adorable isn't it awesome though I read
broken custom revived skateboards oh it
is Danny okay daddy thank you very much
for the notes and drawings and uh all
three flip you're left-handed I put it
away problem someone so this is from
another country wow that was the easy
single whatever Oh Industrial Light and
Magic then Alice on its own life oh wow
we got a bb-8 hi yeah with us more but
this is from Industrial Light and Magic
this is from Industrial Light and Magic
looks pretty amazing hi Annie just want
to say thanks for making such an awesome
meter channel and take how many revivals
I'm sure your friends and family or I
work at ILM making just they make
creatures a Star Wars movie
gosh I need I need someone help with my
mail this is amazing this is that's a
bb-8 pin thank you for getting your
hands on it with pen rules that's a bb-8
pin they were given when they completed
the force awakens pretty cool we've this
Wow
thank you for giving out of it yeah
there it is it's soft Phyllis I'm just
like to be bathed in that bright oh yeah
there's no return address darn it I want
to stalk this person oh here we are
Benjamin hey Benjamin thank you and I am
super jealous of your job you get to
work on Star Wars movies now that was it
amazing let's go just pin it on me give
me my pin you let him the force awakens
completion pimp completion pin there's
like you did it
you you made the movie
better from the knock Spanish we're
gonna open this letter from the Knox
family yeah do the cooler in they're
gonna wear it didn't phase it at all
it's just a Christmas card Brian devil
do X do
he's so paranoid about litter do did you
saw that what if that gets in his beard
sit down you got your baby
the Knox fam Thank You Knox fam get they
don't work for me you're experienced
glitter and throw couch away glitter
remember that box of Korean goodies I
would like to say Noah thank you so much
I meant to write you a thank you letter
they were delicious and you still watch
my video that is I hope you're seeing
this but thank you so much for the box
it meant a lot and we all loved the
deliciousness was that was the box from
your hometown of Co South Korea Seoul Co
that's all
Seoul Thank You Noah Elizabeth Elizabeth
she she even emailed me he told me the
night out meal box she's awesome
she couldn't read cruises here actually
she did and I don't know what I think
it's Pokemon stuff Wow you know that
tape
oh my gosh the wrapped all right so this
is leisure for Ryan so I'm gonna do this
with Rhydon I'm gonna box this back up
Elizabeth you're awesome but I'm gonna
put this in a ride in unboxing video it
should be to be continued move move your
leg dingo probably yeah this guy's oh I
think it says dude so these came to me
at the same time so Gabriel with your uh
I like I love Mexican food and ride it
that sums my life up I like this a lot
yeah well the other one this is awesome
I think these came together I think
these are from Gabriel it's a really
cool Crypt a part yeah maybe we'll
totally use this on ride in this neck
skateboard they probably love that it
says hi run Thank You Gabriel from Mike
Palmer Mike Palmer is that the full
alert Carson I don't know anything about
football either oh came from Walmart in
the Walmart oh my gosh all right one
this is awesome I've already put this
Lego set together baby I'm Andy oh look
at this some heavy-duty finger boards oh
wow are they bigger than one yeah oh
that it's kind of Awesome oh there is
okay here Mike Palmer
any ride just want to say I love the
videos you make was riding along with
your other awesome is I have two kids
myself
they love turbo toy time and once then
you
so heck yeah Mike thank you so much do
these boards look good to their mouths
no I'm gonna do it I'll do it in a video
my gosh he thinks this is a Brian unbox
yeah he really does you're just here for
personnel no apparently no but thank you
very much I am in a crazy schedule
lately and I've been mean to this video
so I kind of wanted to just get it done
and do this for you guys I haven't my mm
video coming out tomorrow despite
whatever it says on the screen sometimes
I'll say I have like 1996 I promise you
on my experience as I have 2000 videos
that's coming tomorrow thank you guys so
much for all kind words and I'd like to
say once again I'm sorry to everybody
that tries to contact me on my email or
comments or messages but everyone who
takes time either day to sense it like
this I appreciate it and never ever feel
like you need to do that I knew videos
here every single day so this is your
button and then uh that's it Brian
you went out hit me on the shins of the
skateboard sure cuz that's the video
we're about to film we are yeah
don't get that out on boxing I'm not
getting anything I'm just looking in
this video needs n get video the video
is over go it's not overlooked so
filming didn't even shut the door
