we're gonna see if it actually works at
all right now and if it doesn't I don't
really care about it goodwill will sell
you no offense of goodwill but they will
sell you some of that work I'm hitting
the gas doesn't work it's not even
clicking
with
just want to say thank you to the
epidemic for letting me use their song
here I actually used to be in this band
and all these dudes are my brothers so
if you liked the jams check out their
Facebook that just released this new
album right here and that's it check it
out so there you guys go that was my
shred quarters 2016 edit which honestly
I said this in my last like Street edit
2016 wasn't the best year for me when it
comes to skateboarding I did land some
of the best street tricks for my video
part I just didn't have a lot of time to
skate I've just been way too busy
recently and 2016 was just terrible for
finding time to skateboard that being
said I did manage to find a way to three
flip into everything my gosh I did so
many three flips is last year but it is
my favorite trick so I don't mind doing
them and I enjoy watching them so I hope
you guys didn't mind seeing a ton of
three flips but I had a good time but
overall I definitely didn't feel on top
of my skating as much as I usually did
and I was at the end of the year I was
gonna take some days and just skate
shred quarters and film some tricks that
I have you guys haven't seen for this
edit but my arm issues started to happen
which is getting way better it's felt
good for a while now but I'm playing it
safe and then today I've just been sick
the last few days which it's 2017 so now
it doesn't matter anyway so it is what
it is some of the filming was on
different things like cell phones or
whatnot I hope you guys enjoyed it
nonetheless my arm is getting way better
so hopefully I'll be able to set aside
more skateboarding for you guys this
year that is my goal is to have more me
time and not work as much because I'm
working like a hundred hours a week
right now so it's intense but that is it
I do videos here every single day
tomorrow I have a massive unboxing when
I unbox so many things and then I have
my two thousand video this weekend and
I'm actually going to LA to hopefully
fill in some segments for the we are
revenge that's coming out very soon so
that's it thank you guys for watching I
do videos here every single day
so hit them subscribe but if you want to
see more and then of course you have to
hit the bell because you gotta do a
million things days to find a bell and
hit it that is it writing anything you
want to say buddy how about take the
Christmas tree down because it's January
4th okay sure you you make the shots
say bye bye
they're going to jail nah no I am cool
alright well call the cops
later guys I'm gonna take her home again
