packages in place 3 2 1
warehouse Wednesday oh good that was
good that was good
daddy Christmas president's done there
was multiple things that had to come
together there to make that work and
executed at first tire thrush oh yeah
first tire throw yet your tire throw was
my favorite part of it whose time is it
it is carry on but we do have we do have
moral support from the shirt is the best
part of this warehouse winter yeah I
like this guy throwback Oh but yeah it's
about this is about him
KC warm up give you five tricks with oh
shut up belt okay look it's a really
long belt it go damn owned the bottom of
your board you'd hold it in your hand so
it's kind of like tabs like it
snowboarding it's like skateboarding
with no skill whatsoever keep it with
your hands but you got you five tricks
and after that it's going to be mystery
challenged and it's not going to vouch
me the face yeah
after that you already have here the
mystery if you find out what it is
you're gonna twelve minutes to do those
tricks and he's gonna solve this tricks
are you four of them you get one shoe we
do five you get both to you're good
I really hope I hope you get one shoe
okay if you get three shoes if you get
three tricks only or less you owe us
each all three of us a pair of shoes
perfectly don't you just hole pairs yeah
we have a whole wheel bunch in there you
just take wherever you want go
you can't just that would be done this
party pointless
walking re well I like that clap Ryan
alright tell us on force hey Casey do
you clean up you think you get that
package on your way in I don't want if
it I thought you're gonna throw your
board in the water have you been I've
been well good I've been good good
Superman does good well it was a great
cake case unit oh you put it on without
me even knowing yeah sorry
do it ollie which doesn't count I want
to see you I just pick it up
got that looks so dumb please do it done
the three stare oh my golly Miss kcals
one eye you are direct one you are doing
this I want to see you doing
does that look stupid to you to lose
freedom looks / dude you have to try
oh my knowledge count is scary people oh
my gosh dang wait pause baby Brian try
it I want to see Brian do a hop fit
these are a little hard you try 360 yeah
yeah near the real way no no tab 50 5360
out no good way I'll practice it did
it's kind of hard oh wait oh you got it
yeah you should do it
I am totally making a whole video with
this makes me so fun yeah that one of
those are sloppy enough to count you're
a frontside air in the mini ramp oh my
gosh
you get manual oh dude that's amazing it
says we're finding a new thing can you
scratch
you are a scratcher how's my crack
that's what you absolutely was Wow you
just did a three flip
do it to fakie
Wow dude that was really good lady's way
more fun than Jason Parkman would be
proud the mystery challenge Friday's
this has to do with you great can't wait
actually does have it has to do with
something of yours Casey you have to do
a legit cartwheel in brine Ames office
cartwheel yeah all right that's super
dangerous I kind of you know no I legit
legit what's hit you can't do a wussy
one there's cartwheeling room well you
think so thanks I know so that's very
good that's a good intro hey way he's
moving stuff should he be able to move
us off moving so off the carpet you got
a book alright Brian you have you the
judge of legitness okay well when you
say yours beavers yeah you're doing the
most manly thing ever over here sorry
I'm not paying attention I'm playing
with steak knives yeah did I do it yeah
that was my good now you're all yours
I'm not hitting this yeah that's good
job cartwheel alright now let's get to
the fun part part of the skill part of
skateboarding with 12 minutes on not my
camera walk yeah get your church Paulo
church bell 12 minutes on the church
bell church bell alright what's the
first trick first trick is you be a
blunt to fakie in the new mini ramp
which it should be easy all right
through the drops gonna go they're gonna
get harder how's your thermos
oh he ate it and I got watermark I'm
gonna roll off this in five oh this to
drop you should he did it nopal hook him
40 seconds four to forty seconds okay
this ramp needs to be over here and I
have a hurt arm so sorry I can't move it
I can either hurt back a little bit
where does this need to go uh just on
the other side are you gonna tip them
thank you dude you missed a string
shove 500 on this yeah hey your nuclear
test out shipping 50/50 oh that was
always it you have 10 minutes
wow did that fantastic pause I was super
good Casey good job dude oh I'm Paulie
this nollie flip it what's behind you
your eyes you gotta know I flip this is
your knife or the stairs okay are you to
watch it
I'm gonna watch you had to make out with
someone right now who is your first
choice
oh dude clown for sure all right turn on
your your death start go man
Charlie death started not trying to
cheat him that was pretty twiki this
aggression he's got 8 minutes and 17
seconds well he's got some hard tricks
comin up okay that was good high five
I'll hit to him
do you like barbecue Casey tie your shoe
strings k they're already tired good way
ahead of the game nose grind shove it
he's got on the whole thing what
what shall I call you all right that's
for 12 seconds for you to go I thought I
was like all right now the hard tricks
come out what time Alex he's got exactly
eight minutes left he's gonna make you
do a nose manual for you shop but since
you did that so good I'll make you do
the nose grind through shop okay then do
it there's no way I'm never done this I
know but this is it you got it and then
you have a shoot in two to shoot this is
gonna be a battle
he's got it Danny was dinner earlier
okay I told you dude dude here knows
when somebody does something good or
comes close I just go you this I don't
never see a movie behind a camera every
time while they see it sometimes I point
one of my face prog minutes and 54
seconds left
he's got it worst-case scenario he has
one new shoe you put in a wreck foot
your leg it to go yeah maybe we she's
given a left shoe though kind of great
yeah
oh you've got this dude I'm gonna do it
you've got it
yes three minutes and 30 you're not
pausing in between goes at all okay hey
deep inside okay how do you feel good
tweet it a little weird no deep inside
yeah no I don't oh one minute three
tries well I just have a heart and
giving a little pause break between goes
all right I'll pause for the last minute
that should be a rule I feel like for
everywhere else Wednesday like last
minute we should always do pauses
between attempts I like it Casey we have
a new rule where it's Wednesday the last
minute you pause between attempt need to
catch your breath hey I was really good
for 0:40 dose more tries amigo tall
brian is in a cage
failure have you ever noticed we're
always way rougher with the people that
work here
oh yeah it's like if you work here it's
always harder he punched me in the face
I can do whatever I want in basically
yeah okay sure yeah
no ya can't give him a one left shoe
though I'm here right one well that's
the next one else Wednesday dude come on
come pick out your shoe
here have it have one have a shiny yeah
any size but you got it you get a pick
ax then Brian will give you the shoe
yeah I want Excel slim nine and a half
so that says six nine nine have her done
here yeah we're right there up Brian get
it I never had shoes with black soles
I've never had shoes good job dude yeah
again on girls Wednesday sometime Brian
put that away somewhere how well it's
gonna run top of the shelf where do you
get then you can get it you got to put
some more secret and safe we're gonna
listen to band all there you go that'd
be annoying together I will all right as
he's getting the last minute ladder do
you have a youtube channel gonna pop up
right there and it's in the info to you
have content
I'll miss your challenge down that whose
is it it could be from last night
actually I think it's correct that Craig
just lying over there oh my gosh this is
a bonus clip he's looking at you
it is Craig's let's go
you
