right in go over here dude we have a fun
video to film don't you think so big
surprise you're running away guess which
hand yeah clearly what is this hey yeah
we're gonna play some ping pong right
it's portable ping pong it was at when
our gift at Target I think it I was like
mini ping pong yeah that sounds like an
awesome video so we're gonna go set it
up on a bride who's play table in his
playroom and we're gonna play some ping
pong he's never played in his life so
this is gonna be interesting
have your played ping pong yeah all
right let's go do it alright give me
your best impression of Captain America
well it's pretty actually I was pretty
good I saw your arm look like you
holding the shield is Captain America
ticklish dope Ruffin have a seat
Captain America this is kind of cool
presentation it is okay what hey look
it's not pain that's just the color red
the bag we got a bag heck yeah
okay hold on yeah that's the net hold on
hold your horses do you have horses if
you do hold them all right here's the
paddles oh wow like the handles it
doesn't come with balls yeah put it in
here they better be in here in case just
one set and I has a picture of ping pong
balls it has to they have to be in here
they're not on the bottom I reload that
just filled that closed
we got ping-pong balls oh they got
ping-pong ball yes we do
so yeah well put two inside and
hopefully not lose this there we go see
this that's pretty cool
Oh elbow me in the face
locked and loaded all right you ready
played ping-pong mighty Jen play let's
do it hey and that is too much so will
you click this cuz it that's how you
play ping pong
you ever seen someone play ping pong
that's how you do it all right where's
the ball you got a ball no where you go
I'll be mad oh whoa good okay I'm glad
that you care about me so what you're
gonna do trying to hit it and it's gonna
bounce on yours and then bounce away
without you getting it back to me okay
if I do that it's a point I get a point
I don't actually remember all of the
rules specific rules to pain proper to
go with this you just hit it in a flash
pass me it does not count so I'm gonna
serve it and I got a hip hit on yours
and goes over you okay I would have got
a point right there you go to land in
your toy sink thank ya I'm all like yeah
okay but you're trying to hit it onto
mine okay ready
right yeah that was good
since this is mini ping pong this is
actually really hard to make have are
you ready that that's good you hit it
huh
yes that was a play that was good right
it officially served it that was good
there you want to give me it
so I can serve it to you that would have
been your point that would have been
your point dude don't bend the net oh I
think that was a point right I think I
hit that yellow good get it fine one
point riding all right I mean you're
going one point me that would be me Oh 2
points riding Wow
three points my shot my four-year-olds
be me and ping pong one point me we're
playing till five points gang okay you
only got one so yeah I think I only got
one we'll go with that just keep on two
points dad you like ping pong yeah it's
fun isn't it
we should get an actual table this is
like much harder than the real pink oh
three points dad that was a really good
serve four points dad I am one more
point away right Anthony
I just want to are you alright
what you trip over there did you
remember nothing over here you want you
tick order you asking for that alright
so that's a really cool set it's really
hard to play mini ping pong here on a
table and I don't expect ridin to do
much with it I was actually super
impressed that he did that well but
let's do some ping pong trick shots so
we have a little longer fun video if we
lost a ball that's because you threw
across the room
I threw in there okay hey well that's a
hey let's do some ping pong trick shots
all right you want to use the box okay
we'll put it right next door a fader on
the grill you can wear that hat you're
gonna try to hit it into that all right
almost oh that was close oh my gosh
buddy just try to aim right here okay I
think bad what yeah you were done okay
you can't do this one but you want to
try to get it into here inside this
buddy there's no way we'll give you a
candy bar if you land it this is gonna
take you all day and then five hey buddy
where's your hat you don't have it well
I was pretty close
you hit Darth Vader the face come on
come on
boy yourself yeah there you have a candy
bar to earn that I can do it you sure
you showed me didn't ya what oh oh my
gosh go here dude that was incredible
that was so good saying that was one of
the most incredible things I've ever
seen this is I'm not gonna do it a trick
shot as good as riding just did so for
mine it's not going to be nearly as hard
as what
but I'm gonna hit off the wall and go
over me and into this box do go over me
I'm gonna hit us in the head I can't
open my phone yes you do all right come
on let's peek at Keele caught a Pikachu
yeah yeah uh-huh and I'll just like this
go ha ah no bounce so we gotta get it
right in okay
oh we're on Bennie's that was a ripoff
yes you kicked the box and then you
caught a Pikachu all right well I did it
his was not as cool as mine no
completely backwards mine was definite
is I'm so proud of him for doing that
forgetting that idea and then actually
doing it I mean granted him it was
highly lucky but you know that's how you
could do things in life try things you
don't think you do and then you do them
sometimes right so there you go there
was father-son ping pong mini ping pong
whatever it was but that was really fun
and trick shots were super cool so maybe
we'll do a full father-son ping pong
trick shots video but either way I hope
you guys enjoyed us planning with a ping
pong set we do a video similar to this
over on our channel called turbo toy
time this is my skate channel and goof
off channel I just kind of whatever I
think is entertaining but turbo toy time
is all about toys and hanging out with
this dude and the link is right there
just popped on over next to radon's head
and click it or in the info at the end
of this video and check it out we
actually uploaded a video today as we
put this up and now I'm wearing this
head
what kind of it's like a Titan it's not
even on my head oh but I'm getting me in
the face dude oh are you okay special
enough the pokeball I kept it and
Pikachu jumped out of it like a real
Pokemon thing come on get over here
but I do videos here every single day so
I'll see you guys tomorrow hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
and I think you might say to you too
before we go I think the poor here's
this Pikachu you fool he can watch he
can fly oh yes he can
I love you ha letter YouTube tomorrow
did Utah oh so does your hat
oh gosh
what if you hit count drac don't know
yourself in the face yeah would you hit
Count Dracula with a ping-pong ball
yes say um um get out of his house you
hit him in a ping pong ball and be like
get out right now an hour high family he
said Drita vampire who'd be like
you
