Bryan Ames is putting together a new
skateboard and we're documenting it yep
no you are putting together new
skateboard it's snowing outside it's
like the second day of spring and we had
a snowstorm last night and it's the
worst thing ever but you're gonna
entertain us I'm excited so he's putting
up a skateboard together but he we're
gonna blindfold him and he's got to do
it yeah I've never we've never done this
in my channel I think it's gonna be
entertaining so I'll just close my eyes
so just say banana banana yeah I mean I
could put bananas on my eyes I'll be a
good wood blind myself you picked Oh
back you're gonna cut your finger off
why wouldn't you grab like I got actual
a utility knife no actually I like doing
it myself do you like your blind fingers
I can I got it okay all right do not cut
your finger off
you got the vortex conical force wheels
of vortex you know that make it feels
like you fly in an award Tex of
tornadoes what 53 millimeters
you got some crunch trucks you've got
some juju bearings
he's got John's new arcade board and
then we got the the am grip revived
collab it criticizes the board Brian I
have no idea it's an 8 to 5 so we're
gonna blindfold you Brian you're in
charge of ensuring that that is totally
good and just blocking his vision then
he's gonna put it together
Oh skate tools are right there you know
what is a good way to see if I'm blind
or not I clean a punch me if I flinch
the exact read that's what I was gonna
do okay they might hurt is it get duct
tape I can't see anything
why are you trying to touch me take a
look at this s square 3 a great shoe
great sue yeah wonderful
nice I'm doing it like that why wouldn't
I do it like that
mmm ripping it's gonna be the easiest
parts finding the hole okay will tell
you are the nose but you're ready to go
whenever so the nose is this side Thomas
okay cool and the cutouts here okay so
go crazy are you gonna be press if I do
a great job all right think I got this I
hope so
let's do this
doing pretty good
I'm just trying to do what I've done for
years right with no eyeballs you've done
this for years no good being bored
shockingly well I feel it oh it did not
it put it backwards didn't I no no you
switch the board around remember you
like to hear the whole thing yeah you
did good a little bit no you can't help
him give me a second to realize that
where's the screwdriver did you bring
one over I thought it if not I'll just
use my truck just for is your truck my
goal is to make it as perfect as I can
no racer well in front of your face is
the s square three trying to find the
razor he's just like poking oh this is
the most terrifying moment this is like
an in Jurassic Park you like they're
approaching the t-rex paddock just let
me know when I'm not gonna let you know
anything find it dude it's right next to
me but I don't know it he has no idea
that he could've did it this sucks
oh my lord
you helped you know what shoes you don't
wear not the S square throw yeah it's
mostly the best grip job that's
terrifying hold on I got this oh my gosh
go slow or you're scaring me
no I'm gonna go fast this is gonna be
the fastest blind folded you are going
to cut a finger off
okay I'd only have to load that Ray
Charles are you looking I can't see
anything LSE is black this is the
scariest thing I've ever seen in my life
see how's that I don't know
right the razor go it got stuck to the
grip tape okay let me see this grab this
without touching a wiener hold on more
of that I thought that stuff was gonna
happen you did pretty good coming that's
awesome how's that not bad consider your
blindfold I'll give that it's a good
like a nine out of ten yeah I'm a nine I
died back that I give him a nine is that
yeah that's easy reading Braille bro
skateboarding calm a great place to
learn how to skate boy learn yeah all
right
how can you find this cruise it's insane
how insane oh my gosh that is insane I
can hear way better and I can feel
everything way better oh so your
daredevil yeah this whole catch of sense
right now if you chuck punch me okay
catch this okay I threw the S square
threes at him remember that time I told
you throw a shoe on face no Sam Taber
you told Sam to throw a shoe as hard as
he quit your face and he just stood
there like this and got hit in the face
without flinching like it was the most
impressive thing I've ever seen in my
life and you literally have to feel
everything with your fingers I don't
want to know other options
I'm so glad that you were here today to
do this because this is so much better
than if I did it oh do not smash your
fingers all right is that all it is all
their hands covering Crisco oh my gosh
that would ruin your border I don't care
good point I like it he still hasn't
done that he's gonna be a very hard time
you did it you did it yeah
hey thank you very much you're doing to
say thank you thank you holding a cup of
water in your hand he's just like yeah
you those bolts
don't you need those nuts yeah that's
insane you put your pants on
darn it I swear someone's messing with
me every time he puts a board together
we should do this yes you guys having
fun there we go there's one okay
actually feels really good you borrow my
head I feel like he's doing some weird
things by me and I don't know what it is
second the right oh wow I did it oh wow
what I've been messing with you you've
been productive what is it boom it's not
the right one is it yeah it is it's the
wrong one oh he was screwing in the
drugs I think that is being a thing it
is opener screwing into my heart I've
always wanted to set up a board
blindfolded by you I just do it
just for the heck of it this has been
like an honest want and you're like oh
not a want like I've always been curious
like what are you more Thomas my last
truck why
I don't even understand why it's there
so much I have to hear all right now
that second I'll be remembered you
remember I was hoping that you wouldn't
I hope I did when you're flying you
remember more things I guess hey fill
your hand hey don't you dare try these
paranoid now put the right your front
truck or you're on the frame Oh
is one o'clock afternoon where do we
start I don't know a long time ago sorry
that long ago 30 minutes ago probably
yeah oh you're missing a whole not dude
graphic graphic no yep yeah yep you got
a nice little picture - they don't stab
myself with what you say this time with
this after you crumpled up a razor blade
and threw it over the back all right
one wheel done you just touched me I
know they're big suit with the barracks
oh he doesn't I can't
how's that is that in right doing good
it's probably too up right now as
if we're right next to him look we're in
the other room now you got another wheel
on though well it's the supply I never
need are you right next to me well
they're pretty money eat it I was like
look us sideways that is yeah it's a
total sideways rather bad good enough
Franklin so we're gonna direct you
specifically where you can skate
actually just come over exactly this way
this direction okay all right yeah oh my
lord
what
that was very good
baby I feel like he would do well being
blind you would that was so aggressive
no that's insane
howling well now I know it's fine around
rail right but that's movable it doesn't
mean anything I'm right in the middle
towards take point towards the bathrooms
like the rails here so bathrooms that
way okay that's open open and that take
your blindfold off
are you impressed I do the tray platino
is so good thank you
gap is the graphics for all sorts of
ways I had one big rip what I give you
an A - thank you
I'll take now I give them a b-plus I hit
maybe twice before because the wheels
wheels couldn't wait for
he's good Thompson this is Bryan Ames
about to do the same thing I'm doing I'm
not to put my board together blindfolded
yeah I'd be very bad everyone's now
expecting to see that video I know thank
you for doing this Thomas you were
anytime so entertaining with this you're
a good sport about it and great attitude
I love this guy
I'll put his Instagram right down in the
info so follow him for a amazing
skateboarding he's of course part of the
revived team slash family
he's been around here for a long time so
thank you for everything you do dude
yeah you'll see more of him don't worry
we're house Wednesday very soon okay I'm
down if you want to see more videos for
me to see the subscribe button right
down below it's free it's easy to click
and boom you're signed up and if you
want to be really supportive you click
the bell button that notifies you
immediately when I upload a video so
that would really mean a lot and that
would be helpful
but regardless go skateboard if you can
or in general just have a good day guys
please do have a good day because we're
over here having snow in the springtime
for some reason that was really weird
it was weird yes
see wait okay so you just watch the
footage of the razor but yeah the razor
blade in his hand he crumbles off the
grip in his hands the razor was just in
the middle and it throws it the grip
sticks to the grip it wraps around the
back of it and lands on his shoulder
it's the craziest thing I've ever seen
the scariest thing I've ever seen in my
life
see how's that I don't know the razor go
Oh
