oh my gosh that was me okay and I really
don't get embarrassed easy but I was
sing about the other day and I was like
I think this actually is my most
embarrassing skate ball
I just wasn't embarrassed but I'm
psyched and it was my most embarrassing
I think like if I had to reconvince my
wife to be with me I would not show her
this fall okay because a girl doesn't
like list that on her dating profile Oh
what do you look for in a male companion
well I love for them to have a bike rank
between their legs let's put that on the
top of the list I like that there's two
ankles to like you just is it hands-down
my most Magoo fall I've ever had and
they like you there's multiple angles
there's so many witnesses my gosh I was
super excited to you see the look of my
face and this is one of those things in
life that like I knew better okay and
everyone it's one of those things that
like even if you do it is not that cool
it's like I should not walk on that bike
rack and do a skateboarding trick and
then I did it and surprised it ended up
between my legs it go staring at it I
was like okay worst case scenario I get
sacked on this and that's not good to be
cool but I'm not gonna do that
spoiler alert and you did but even if
you land it like people are still gonna
look at you like maybe non skateboarders
and just be like okay good
you're great you did it that you're
still dumb for trying it's like the
people that put their hand in the
alligator's mouth and if they pull it
back out and don't get their own bit off
you still put your hand and alligator
mouth and that's pretty dumb if I don't
I'm done
but a skateboarding what other activity
do we just repeatedly do things that are
dumb and we enjoy it I enjoyed it I was
actually very excited that I got that
clip because once again skateboarding is
weird when you get a fall you're just
you're almost equally as excited as you
and sometimes in fact my friends
literally like think graphically to me
as if I landed a trick and I genuinely
like went on with my day and I was like
oh cool I got something for my video
part because it ended up in my take over
the world video part which came out last
year I checked twice in the intra heard
from about that video part but it was
fascinating I actually try and watch
because everyone just got to watch me
and like okay Andy I want you to land it
but I kind of want you to get sad at the
same time and then what I did Sam Taber
was like just actually everybody
everybody kind of freaked out and ran
around but Sam Tabor's face which is
what mine should have looked like he
looks so surprised and I'm just very I'm
like happy instantly of the dictionary
or encyclopedia that needed a picture to
go along with the word surprise they
should totally use sandpaper space
that's so genuine it's nice when you see
genuine things like Sam Tabor cared it
cared about my gonads that day what a
good friend and of course this is a fall
Friday I'm going to take a moment to hit
myself off of this bike rack I'm gonna
make maybe I'll make a football or some
sort of ball hit me and then I'll fall
this would be good watch this but here's
this story okay one I didn't actually
hit my gonads it just looked extremely
stupid and I'm you know I have that
moment that just someone passing by like
how gold would that be like that could
have caught the car wreck cuz I was
driving and I kind of just looked over
and I saw that happen art I would double
take and then I wouldn't see the big
pickup truck in front of me and I would
hit it then the guys that pickup truck
will get out and he'd be like you'd be
like this good walk up you'd be like I
don't see a scratch on mine it's your
car that's troubled in peace like I'm
cool dude have a good day and then I
would just have half a car how do I get
to how do I get to this hopefully I
entertained a passerby that day I
definitely ever take my friends and the
story behind this actually I landed the
trick like the jumped aboard to roll
away I landed that first and I was
trying a heel flip out which I go back
to what I said earlier like if I would
have landed it it would not have been
that full of a trick but that's what I
was trying that day and I did not keep
trying it afterwards I got I got my
technical land of the regular one and
then I got it
fall my friends laughed I laughed it was
a good time
that's what skateboarding is all about
you didn't know who's gonna come down to
some cheesy moments where I wrapped it
together did you okay so but what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna show you the land
right here in a second and then I'll
show you a handful of street tricks that
are in my take over the world video part
and of you did not see the revive of
video take over the world its arm the
strikers calm action I'll talk about
this I can just watch the skating and
enjoy because I actually land tricks
every once a while
so there you go there's me on a
skateboard from my video my street part
last year I love skateboarding but in
this video I was really proud of it's a
full leg skate video I've put together
like 540 skate videos and I feel best
about this one and I loved it so if you
guys haven't check that out it is
available at the strikers comm and get a
DVD which has a bunch of bonus features
you can see Brian hands not a beard in
it and then or the digital download
which is a little cheaper and it goes
right to your computer so yeah but if
and anyone who's watched it or just
watches the videos it supports us thank
you so much I say it a million times
like I have a life and skateboarding
somehow which means I'm just the
luckiest person in the world it's just
it's a dream come true I hope you guys
like this fall Friday I am considering
cancel in this series okay so hopefully
you guys actually watched us and enjoy
it or maybe if I get a really good fall
bring it back but I don't know if I'm
gonna continue it because the last few
just haven't really done well and I want
to I want to do things that one make me
feel good here on YouTube and at the
same time you guys actually want watch
since it is default Friday I'm gonna get
somebody in the hot seat but real fast
so you guys won't see more videos just
hit the subscribe button right below the
video it sounded like someone peeled the
roof off of the building hit the
subscribe button right below the video
you click it it's free it's easy and
you're signed up see more if you want to
be like a super person there's a bell on
the page click that it'll notify you
right when I upload a video but thank
you guys for watching this let's go give
somebody the hot seat and make them look
dumb okay see right here dude
is it me how are you doing today
great good alright I'm gonna get right
to it okay how do you how are you doing
yesterday awesome awesome great alright
I didn't get right to it alright so I
know you always wanted to own your own
grocery store if you did that today
what's the first thing you would do that
would give Britney Spears mayonnaise
isn't her dog already demand age will
you still do that yes
but the dictionary needs like a picture
to show the words if they want to do
what does that Wookiee talk
