something terrible has happened all
right something that makes my life just
suck but I'm not gonna start this video
on such a negative note so I'm going to
go challenge Jessel on occur to a
skateboard trick and then I'm gonna get
this ball rolling and I'll talk to you
about what it recently happened in my
life then but uh
come on positivity people leave the
skateboard this was a crisp person from
Craig and it is amazing Briony seeing
this it's good and that brine Ames got
me this this is original Ghostbusters
poster Brian don't tell anybody but I
think you might have won the Christmas
present this year you you rock it you
all you want as well
i won good we're brand names not winners
Brody
hey do Burke Nick hey you doing hey
doing doggy
you're just not me before you go away go
go you get dog I remember this be doing
this do you wanna do skateboarder oh
whatever you want man I'm gonna go
challenge Justin to a fakey vidi-vidi
fakie flip he can do anything fakie so
I'll probably do it they all B's get in
the box or whatever if you want to see
just the longer this place is a mess
from all the building that's been
happening you gotta expect about I don't
have to I'm gonna paddle too I expected
to rain marshmallows oh it's not
happening
that'd be pretty cool all right the
challenge cuz you're a fakie master like
if you look up fakie master in the
dictionary it won't be there because
it's not really a term but thank you
video do you have your done that no I
think you do it I'll try it for the
world
oh wait you think a fakie backside 5050
faithfully easier yeah cuz I'm on the
inside of the board dude
no one does a kickflip out that'd be so
hard
try it sure it's right
I think you're starting to realize that
it's heart
you
I tell them just try it front side you
almost do it first try now do you
understand what I'm saying
so hundred baking
there was that easy I'm cutting you off
you fakie 50/50 fakie frontside yeah he
used to it you feel optimistic Oh see
not that bad cut right you're welcome
things I'm open your mind to a new trick
Brian Eames oh I thought it was gonna be
that easy dude flash that was good
that was the most confusing fall ever I
was like oh cool and it oh he's jumping
in the air and Powerball meme so and he
lands it next try how do you feel
I'm not going trick so yeah Utah he's
been talking about he's been battling
lately and then you just do it like 10
tries everyday there's good to it could
you tweet it was like
it was floppy but you did it
I wasn't that floppy was just slow play
it was all pull up and killed
congratulations you'll end our new trick
dude thanks for skateboarding my video
thank you for letting me see here
yeah of course here's trash
all right so I'm a concrete city because
I want to find some pants I'm about to
leave for Las Vegas
about time you're watching this I'm in
Las Vegas I think but sneaking for Las
Vegas for New Year's hanging out with
the wife to be awesome
18 minutes that's we good yeah hey Luke
I'm gonna summers I'm gonna go and just
smash this up I would like to buy these
pants Luke Luke from New Hampshire dude
nobody's gonna actually ever know who I
am no dude 4080 - well the way this is
recording some of you want this and now
I don't keep it please hey I do want you
to do a trick for my blog so so get any
skateboard and do any trick all right
it's 1983 rah rah
yeah never okay to do a real trick
it was 83 here's Doug's skateboard ready
dude I don't know that's happening it
scared
well then do it with the tail here you
can't be too loud the employees might
get mad here success this is for me fine
for that I'm just kidding you get headed
back you owe me - goodbye
you owe me - bye they go fast so I get
hit by car look at that horse okay I'm
gonna go get my son and go to home and
I'm gonna tell you guys what my life is
crumbling not my life but part of my
life - we're home what's up dude hey
where's your pokeball I don't know
where'd you put a last hey there bagel
Bobby mom ha you think so Shing we
already got going yeah goodbye guess for
me the worst bought but when you say buy
it it's very cute baguette Pony back you
got a nerf a sword ready hey don't make
it how'd you do so what would you do if
I just took this way forever okay
alright well you could have it it means
you're so cool you can have it all right
so what happened recently is that my arm
I think you're playing it in a few
videos and actually I filmed some skate
videos that haven't gone up yet that I
complain about it well I did something
too much I liked it basically were you
ollie and like throw your arm you know
you extend your arms real fast I guess I
just over the years or something my arm
has taken this arm specifically like
it's just been too abusive on it and
something happened where I was just like
it was Christmas Eve and I was just
walking around and all sudden my my arm
just started hurting and if I moved it
like an inch it was like pain and it was
super weird had been feeling weak but I
was able to like skate and so keep
through and keep going but you've been
bulking me in the head for a while now
throughout the day I stretched it and I
was able to like maintain I mean like
right now I can move it and everything
you know and I can use it but it like
throughout the day it just feels weak
and I've gotta give it a rest I think
it's something in my shoulder and back
area that's causing this like that's
affecting my arm my wife is a physical
therapist and this kid the whole
situation she's kind of confusing her
she's hardcore studying this stuff too
so I know I have a weird situation and
I'm gonna get it looked at if any kid
even does not get better I'm gonna like
go the next step and see what I can do
to fix this but I don't know how long
I'm gonna be out from skating and it's
terrible because the rest of my body
feels fantastic like my feet work my
legs work
I just can't skate that's why Justin was
skating day it's like cuz I couldn't
skate granted Justin might have been
skating but I would have been skating
with him
you got a fuzzy on your toe yeah so I
had to make a video I mean it grades I'm
doing a vlog Assad so you're gonna get
in a bunch other stuff but I had to do a
video talking about this and saying I
don't know how long I'm gonna be out
hopefully it's just a week and I'm good
but I'm gonna take off a week and see
how it feels see how it heals up like I
could go skate right now but like
tomorrow I would probably wake up and
it'd be a disaster so it's a super weird
very strange situation but it came a
long way since it was her and that was
like three days ago after I filmed this
so there you guys go
wish me luck my gosh it is so so
frustrating because all I want to do is
skate and then I'm like afraid to do
like I've been lifting weights here and
there and like doing daily crunches and
sit-ups and I'm so nervous to like mess
with my back or neck that I'm not doing
anything right now I'm just letting my
arm heal but that's it I had to let you
guys know that is terrible and it's
greatly affecting my life I hope it
won't affect my channel that much what
you want I mean I'm always gonna have a
camera and I was gonna be able to act
like an idiot so alright so I got one
more thing this longa soda I actually
asked some people to give me random
sentences on Twitter and I'm gonna write
a song using their sentences it'll be
fun having it fully son go dad good day
be rewarded we'll get your beginning bye
big copy vicuna free hit going okay all
right
the tweet is away and while I wait for
some good responses on that I am gonna
go film a turbotown video with that guy
he's real excited which one are we doing
I'm probably high in the face yeah face
it was actually a really fun game
there's way more fun than I thought and
the video is gonna be really cool so
tune into that next week yeah if you
want to see more turbo toy time the link
is right there and we did a video we
uploaded a video as you see this today
so check it out I think it's a
fingerboarding video you're getting the
fruit by the foot did you ask yes just
because you've been very good today but
now let's play that guitar song I'm
gonna go grab my acoustic so I got to my
guitar go fast and then I gotta like
kind of write these down and figure out
how to make this so song this is the
first time I have like ever use Twitter
for anything to about but is orange
orange because orange is I am NOT
singing that I screamed when my favorite
wrestler replied to my tweet wow that's
a contender PJ a jar of mayonnaise is ma
is my sock I think you meant say is in
my sock or maybe okay I've got it
I am losing light fast too so it's not a
long song I like this so maybe I'll like
turn this into like another video of I
on its own like make a full song with
what you guys say I about screamed win
my favorite wrestler replied to my treat
unload the flyswatter has his headphone
in again and we're out of Christmas
drink Patrick is the one you should have
sad and then she can flip my heart
you should
what's one fella
he felt smart
that's what I came up with and it got
WAY dark as I was trying to play it a
few ways and the Sun is flying down I
was playing a happier version that I
start playing that side when I was like
maybe that's the way I should go okay so
there was that honesty with the Sun
going down to count driving me crazy at
all time to mess with it and like should
he play the song I want to but if you
guys like that idea let me know and I
maybe I'll do another one in the vlog is
owed or if I really nail it sometime
about do like a whole video on it'll be
like elaborate um but yeah that was a
new idea for a video I hope you guys
liked it this guy wants me to play Mario
what it would it be playing you want to
show everybody yeah let me show it to us
it was a Christmas present right these
are all writings Christmas presents and
I get there for me all year mommy you
you got this
you mean you asked Santa for this right
there for me oh yeah so Santa got it for
us what okay well let's do it uh I wanna
do this thought it well we have to start
with Mario and then will you one of
those gang okay okay you got to start
with Mario dude this doll is amazing
because Justin had it and he told
different colors P oh really
yeah I have been doing that since I was
your age actually hm
but there you guys go thanks for hanging
out with me for this little vlogger so
what I do have to say is that YouTube
the views have been super weird lately
and I mean like I've heard a lot of big
youtubers complaining about this and
it's super annoying but like as of like
two weeks ago I really noticed that that
like there was a drop off YouTube is not
sending my videos so like your guys's
feeds as much like the a lot of the
videos still do really well but some are
just doing like crazy low so um if you
want to see my videos you unfortunately
have to subscribe twice now hit the
subscribe button but then there's a
little bell it should be down there if
you just click that it'll you'll be
notified when I upload a video so I
truly appreciate that I'm angry that I
even have to say something that you
could do something again after
subscribing but either way I really
appreciate you guys watching my videos
and uh I will be doing videos every
single day arm or not but in the
meantime go hang out with this guy have
a blast right we have up last night yeah
alright peace out guys
to sing a song for that for the bonus
clip kun da bass giveaway Dada
you
