Brian ace how you doing well yeah hey
what is it right now YouTube how are you
doing we're doing a Q&A with Brian Eames
you have to ask some questions on my
Instagram that is really weird that that
is right there it's always there it's
you're always with me in a sense weird I
had like a I had an interview with a TV
producer I think a production company
person and I ain't sure that like oh
sorry my business partner is falling
down back here and I just met her it is
constant yeah yeah first off you we have
a message because we were discussing how
we've mentioned a few times it is and
that you punched a deer in the face I
punched a deer on the face and there's
videos of people online point you can
Gers the face yeah and you should not do
that don't point animals don't punch I
was the face animals are cool they're
our animal friends so there is a story
behind it Brian was driving in his
windows down and I deer just came up
beside him and it was running next to
the car what'd you do
I punched it in the face that was my
first reaction you didn't mean to not
necessarily the best thing to do and to
really mean it was my gut reaction but
don't it was a nice deer and he wouldn't
do that any normal services don't you
don't punch deers it was first reaction
was to punch it but he's an animal biker
I am I like animals and animals are
awesome and I was treated good right
we should so so just could you nice to
the animal friends around the world
people you would joked about it a few
times so we were like you know what
let's tell people not do that we should
probably say oh yeah we don't do that
all right
QA do the picture the picture I got this
key that is so good can you guys see it
it's like Harrison Ford like kissing bra
rapes pretty good if I get this like an
hour or so ago where there's like 400
comments there's one comment in there
that I want to all there's a good one
ice cream kept it it's okay kappa says
would you rather have a stuffy nose or a
bad call dude I'm really stuck you know
yeah Oh easy dude I've been I've had
calls where like wakes me up at night
and like I don't sleep because just like
four days yeah just on the control a
coughing it's the worst thing we're all
stuffy nose sucks too but coughing is
far worse thanks cap I load all the
comments and the first comment is can't
but help us safer since amazing
Elizabeth asks yumi 7 know gee you know
Elizabeth yeah she says she asks
favorite Irvine grabbing my favorite
vine graphic yeah yeah oh
that's kind of hard I like the red
lifeline now yeah we're lifeline
probably my favorite graphic we've ever
done
it's the the original leo geographic I
like I like that one I like that dude I
thought you didn't think that was gonna
hit you no that's good
I'm currently I bid you nice you
originally Oh actually mama I'm gonna
add 2 to it the new taco board that we
did yeah this group logo on the bottom
made is fantastically hello Benjy Barris
is it what is the weirdest thing you
found in your beard the weirdest thing I
found them you're like cutting your head
off I haven't really found anything in
my beard but I won't look with your ass
soup story the soup story Oh God so I
was sitting on my couch and was like by
4 o'clock afternoon and my wife is a
schoolteacher she's coming home and she
just looks at me she's like did you have
soup for lunch sweetheart and apparently
I had had a the biggest soup trip of all
time it was like broccoli cheddar so it
was like super obvious like right here
and I walked around gone outside I went
to the grocery store don't watch stuff
for like hours and I hadn't looked at
myself in the mirror and so no one told
me at the big soup trip of all time I
went to school with my pants inside
emmalin's that's impressive that you're
able to button yeah guys I got to second
period before a girl told me but no no
no it was homeroom I was gonna mix up
something else
collared shirt backwards is the second
grade I was a Gemini that's a read you
do you did that - yeah I did pants
inside out was pretty more how do you
put a collared shirt on backwards I
don't know I did it this is a good one
crash boomer
says favorite trick that you haven't
learned favorite trick that I haven't
learned yeah yes so I guess you have to
learn it front side clips oh really I
don't like I don't like five my whole
life I don't knows how to learn them but
I want to be able to use them so bad or
skating skiing transition we we we were
building a mere about - yeah I'm gonna
learn to skate the mini come back
Genesis what brand of skateboard you
arrived and you ride before you really
revived interesting before we started
four properly well before that revenge
but dough boards yeah and for that
I wrote antihero and consolidated what I
wrote it's written oh I know this one I
know this one slams cm5 says if you get
any car what would be any car body no
GTO 69 GTO there you go
hardtop juice to death sir says are you
ever going to make a video with Braille
skateboarding we've had I've been in
multiple videos bro you've been on their
channel they've been on our Channel you
just haven't read recently so yeah but
yes I will yeah all the time
yeah we're actually going there within a
couple months you know like oh yeah seem
like a month or two what does that mean
Mitchell Shirley says who's your
favorite person to ride with to ride
with yeah I mean under here you go say
like in a car I'm guessing I'd like
people that like you and saber good
Gargan oh really there's a hard mailbag
oh right know what those are Bret Novak
and Jason Parker the best direct like
directors like if you aren't going
somewhere you don't they were going
there 100% the person that you want
directing you in life
yeah awesome you are the worst person
ever you know ever when I'm driving do I
need directions
no you figured out you snow I do it my
own self Thank You Brandon how 666 says
did you see road 1 he says a Rouge one
and if so did you do it I did see it and
yes I enjoyed it last 2025 minutes of it
we're just going to a most amazing
fantastical thing I've ever seen hello I
do honestly need to re-watch it again or
once or twice just because I feel like
honestly I feel like the editing in the
beginning of it might not be the
strongest thing in the world because
it's shovel fast-forward on character
development and things yeah there is no
there's not it's like just that droid
and then it's like it's like we're
moving toward a storyline and I really
honestly I guess Jen she she has some
story development you can't deny that
because he could show their backstory
yes which there's more character
development yeah it doesn't need to give
me life I'll be setting up for the
podcast was happening soon uh not Nancy
says well how were you close with
Harrison Ford I hope they've been that
close to mine yeah I mean we another
deal we talk
I really don't we don't talk I don't
know here's
I would love to know Harrison Ford
though Harrison hit me up buddy those do
stuff together
Josh ipok says are you going to get a
pro model no ever never
somebody did you see the new Henry Jones
graphic where as like now's the guy turn
himself pro no it's a great energized so
did somebody having people tag me in it
it's like it's funny what was my mind
that people just how many people think
I'm actually pro no I'm not pro
neither's Brian although he's
technically on a skateboard as duh
Beasley's says would you rather sack and
roll down hollywood 16 or land primo
down wall immersion dude primo now
Wallenberg for sure
now it hurts so those are both dude man
you should write horror movies because
that was those are some terrible
thoughts at least if you're like
Wahlberg you're going primo on it you're
gonna be going like Wade faster out it
says can be less like downward like
destroying a bond you're like El Toro
primo yeah el Toro promote would be
absolute worse and walnut' break you
break your body you just snap your feet
in half you break bones that don't even
break like that to be so bad missing a
stroll all lay low 7 1 3 says would you
slap and in the face for $10 yes I would
he's done it for free
I would I would slap the crap out there
for 3 $10 5 in a good way it sucks yeah
he stopped in the face is it doesn't
hurt like it's it's a spry heart worse
but you slapped me as hard as you could
for my like twenty two hundred thousand
it's good it's it's entertainment and it
just feels a terrible like he's like you
makes you want to punch something when
you slapped
yes all right so let's go get slapped
this is a good one jr. Caminero
3 says what is the worst thing in I've
ever done to you of love your vids and
II think what I've done to you know I
spilled coffee on your lap Midway that
was from one of the words yes didn't
mean to mid mid mid airline flight
eSpeed pours hot coffee on my crotch
that's ruled well dude I can't think of
like a terrible thing you've done to me
they were I'm like ever wanted you to do
to me yeah I mean the volleyball to the
face you that would be bad now that I
didn't mean to do that I kicked him a
price will destroy a thousand times I
kicked him I kicked a ball a ball out of
his garage as hard as I could he just
bent down at the right time and just hit
me in the face so sorry Emily coffee
yeah I hit Sammy with a pool cue on
accident and it made him cry you made
him cry
I mean he was like we were like in high
school that's fantastic and I felt
really bad for Joe's basement that's so
good
they're not he didn't like weep he just
like got like you know like right max
walls 5 says you ever flip out and go
crazy
yes yeah we all we all have temper I'm
Way better I used to be terrible under
I'm better but you guys are faces I do
go through phases give whatever hands a
while I the last time I got really
really mad was I'm getting the store
ready for pancake attack the launch
you were mad yeah that was like oh yeah
you really moaning oh yes I was like
throwing pressing to the sky yeah but he
gets mad escape work I get mad at
skateboarding too if you need to land a
trick in the time limit or something
like that he's got a lot going on you're
like I gotta go I gotta do my yeah I
don't mind sucking it's when I have to
it's when I'm sucking and is affecting
the rest of my life
yeah cuz we're busy people and we
shouldn't suck in skateboarding than we
do for once this is a this is a this
question is asked so much in q and A's
where there's me or writin and I want to
know your answer Sarah Samantha 141 says
favorite Star Wars character sub C go uh
dudes gonna be an OG character I'm gonna
say Darth Vader man really or hey mater
you mean Anakin or like specifically
dark Darth specifically Darth Vader
it's just like the quintessential like
like villains probably one Kenobi I'll
be one of rules I think they do remember
more than though like everything about
him like he's got that iconic voice like
a bad guys you it was like yeah he is
like some bad guy of bad guys yeah like
if you say wanna see who's who did you
see like bad guy or villain or something
like that he's going to be like he's
probably most famous too so I mean you
good you good choice alright last one
because we're to wrap this up say I do a
podcast
alright well know what you said you
wanted someone asked this in here and
then they want to know pancakes or
waffles waffles I'm sorry whoever asked
that we didn't probably people I said
it's somewhere in there he has is
waffles will always be far superior in
pancakes you know I want to have a long
in-depth conversation with round
chambers about this cause for some
reason things that pancakes are better
than waffles he's an idiot he's an
absolute idiot now the heart whether
harder question is waffles or french
toast I don't necessarily have an answer
for that
it's all there Bookman I mean also I
think makes you're way better than
waffles I was just trying to get a
reaction out of him by agreeing you're
an idiot
man I knew it it's like waffles are so
much better I don't want crispiness and
like it's like a pastry you know I want
like I want just the doughy
melt-in-your-mouth feel I have a guy she
sounds you're probably got a guy who
cuts the crossbone with peanut butter
sandwiches too no Chris is amazing I
know and so waffles it's the crust
across except the indicate the end of
the bread I could do it but I just don't
want to make the corner yeah I'll do the
core of the best one here's the best
part
you're wrong every five-year-old the
world is in you want some punch it's
like the crispy part of the lasagna dude
like horror piece of lasagna too but I
have not experienced that idiot I am
rhein chambers of idiots
Ryan chambers absolutely all right well
he's leaving thanks for the Q today
Brian is absolutely buddy yeah and I'm
gonna do a podcast with this guy hates
are terrible they're terrible
yes okay so when they become terrible
we're gonna
we are pancakes waffles I want you to
present your best pancake and I will
present my best waffle we're going to
taste test and I need honest opinions
yeah I have a ringer going down a rare
fuckin cook I can make a good waffle
bring it all right well that was a
surprise handing thank you guys for
watching I do videos every single day so
the subscribe and bail button wherever
that thing is and I will see you guys
tomorrow
peace out
Podcast time yeah I'm gonna sit down I
have no mental prep for this moment
since now do you guys want to watch this
podcast let's write down their info
let's do it alright I'm gonna put
YouTube down
