welcome to the 2016 SGA World Tour it's
day five on the tour and the leaderboard
is tight we have seen nothing but blood
sweat and tears from our skateboarders
and today we're going to dive into some
tricks that if landed one of these
skaters get pushed clearly into the lead
today's broadcast is brought to you by
Home Depot because what better
represents modern day skateboarding than
a company that has nothing to do with
skateboarding I myself and Jim Colson
and joining me today is John jar nigga
thank you Jim I have another job for a
while so I am happy to be back
our first skateboarder day is none other
than Jason Park himself Jason is known
for creative skateboarding he's often
doing tricks that you don't understand
but one thing or another is that he's
landing them really knows what he's
doing on a board and it shows yes it
does okay Jason starting with a manual
grind combo classic Jason and Jason has
quite frankly is sideways hump to the
ledge something my dog also does and
he's giving it another try
that is one trick I will not be
retweeting Jim and a third attempt
spells doom for Jason Clark as the
camera turns to him I'm pretty sure
he'll be dead and lifeless and he is
dead and lifeless Justin Nelson here has
just figured out that skateboarders care
more about their looks than their
enjoyment on the skateboard clearly
taking his frustration some people still
think skate brings about but niggas Sam
Tina and he tries to trick that makes
you wonder if he was even trying it in
the first place here we have Christian
like a cord woolsack fun fact John Hill
was actually trying to sing back tail
just last week old new by Christian
actually Jim John Hill was trying his
back tail to thank him sue
and he pulls it to fakie two judges are
going to take note here's Brett Novak
but the trick that I frankly just don't
care about here we have Jordan hunter Oh
with a wiener to concrete connection -
he seems to have used some sort of
sorcery to slow down time he lands
emmanuel acting like the ledge never
ended can't help but wonder if Jordan
actually knows he's man Ewing or thinks
he's still 508 due to the slow motion
John Hale Busey with talents the best
thing about John is that his partying
and part Caucasian and that was surely
irrelevant that had nothing to do with
skateboarding at all k spec or seems to
be one of you hug and he gets it nice
that was very attractive by any chance
have you had a drink today
jump Tomas alvarez rolling up perfect
gnarly back here I expect they're gonna
raise him into the air and phrase his
trick and instead they have spoken
gibberish and hit him in the face with
the camera keep skateboarding out of
stadiums and high school sports just
it's just a bad name for it and here we
have Andy Schrock I'm said it before and
I'll say it again I really could care
less the tricks that Andy does style
like his and ways knees Bend just fur
not to watch it's like he has an abysmal
barrel between his legs at all times and
if you notice he did not take the size
sticker off of his pants and that
clearly makes him an idiot that was
harsh but absolutely true back to Jason
Park today has been so bad that he
actually has a chance to redeem himself
and cool the lead with this trick I
think Jason will endless as long as it
doesn't do something stupid like sit
down mid board slap and sits down in
boards like that's unfortunate but at
least he will in and he has fallen he is
not getting up he is presumably dead
YouTube what's up guys so yeah that was
a little different video than my normal
day-to-day stuff but I've actually done
this before this was the second Gulf
announcing skateboarding and it's a lot
of fun to make
it's kind of weird sometimes like trying
to like watch the clip and come up and
try to come up with what I'm gonna say
so at times it gets really goofy but I
have a lot of fun doing it I do want to
say that all of these people are my
friends and I'm just completely joking
with them I don't mean any of the things
that I make fun of them for or you know
the race thing like us basically just
making fun of people that actually care
about race in general but all these
people like John Hill
Jason Park they are so talented and so
full of life and very very cool people
and they have a good sense of humor so I
knew they wouldn't care too much about
me joking with them and all of the guys
mad that I mentioned that have a youtube
channel I'm going to put down in the
info as well so uh check my brother's
out I love them so there you guys go I
hope you guys watched it I actually just
finished doing a podcast with this guy
right here everyone and you can sub to
it on iTunes itunes and we just have to
mention this if we get my live on Google
Play Google Play boom it's a strike back
podcast I'll put the link down there
right now so we talk about all things
nerdy like entertainment in general and
movies video games or whatever whatever
things interesting fun yeah this might
so uh but golf scaper do you guys like
this video give us a thumbs up and I'll
do a third one eventually I like it you
haven't seen it you don't see the
personal no I'll just watch it
it's a it's enjoyable I make a lot of
things I'll watch it alright take these
guys here to our theater and Luke
Skywalker battling in Maus hey did you
catch this
you
