Christmas is over it's stuck haha
yes warehouse wins yeah sounds like you
got Christmas
I don't hate Christmas I enjoy Christmas
Christmas is awesome and you have
skateboards so Natalie this water oh we
got random ideas and just happens
sometimes that's what you guys I'm
thrown any theory yeah it's crazy you
guys are here present you see who threw
those no through what I don't know all
right what are we doing what are we
doing we're sitting here you are going
to skate a mini rant that we just
completed yesterday
Gary Hays build it you did build it
we're gonna skate it we're gonna keep it
simple and next week it's gonna get back
to normal this is you're making me
nervous
but more nervous with KC because I can
see how close it is now you cut me how
many jerks are you can do on this me
room because I'm bro nothing to do many
I'm literally doing one in then I'm
gonna film so you film in I'm gonna do a
three flip rock and then that's it he is
very very horrible skating Minnie I'm
good as any sucks in KCMO know I can do
one trick that's okay keys game alright
case you got blood fakes we got one
fakes he's gonna do blunt face let's do
it alright yeah so she's a celebratory
thing guys way back to the normal
challenges next week but we're excited
we got some stuff happening in this
warehouse there's even more being built
so it'll be an exciting next month or so
stab it stab it throw it at Casey no
those are good throw considering you had
a sword are you good geez I was about to
say oh come on
look at this look at that look at this
horse isn't it they just may be perfect
it is perfect the smoothest meeting RAM
in the whole world
and then you can launch out here into
this Bank right here it's so awesome
yeah Alex launched out here
Wow people diving who's good at really
good at we need to learn a lesson short
all right so we're just gonna session
this thing it's gonna be fun let's do it
I
sorry cool I just died did you save them
are the Pringles okay okay are you okay
okay yeah good boom there was we were so
excited that we were expanding straight
quarters we have much more to build so
stay tuned I hope you guys liked our
little mini ramp jam session I am
terrible mini ramp so hopefully I get
better at I literally can only do like
one trick wanders like that three flip
Rock which I I stalled way to on on but
that's it what you guys Dan thank you to
Karen Hayes for building this by the way
alright Craig you you literally look
like you broke your neck you come look
at this Alex get up and look at this
don't move Craig how did you get your
body like that that's Craig guilty good
alright bye guys I'm backing away and uh
I'm gonna fade into an outro
subscribe or
like this one time
I'll just leave you
oh but just leave
that's definitely then we're gone by
