Oh do what you're doing you just said if
you were eating all these sincere that's
pretty good YouTube what's up guys so
the last couple wearing videos I've
noticed a lot of comments asking for me
to have this guy in a fingerboarding
video so I did the best ledge ever and I
wanted to do a video featuring this the
best handrail ever this is the best
fingerboarding rail ever I love it and
I'm gonna have this guy hang out with me
and we're gonna do some tricks on this
what trick are you gonna do I'm going to
do I know you do five-o pretty good were
you that rapport Oh your fingers on it
beard ears on it then you gotta go with
that and land it do the five oh it's
pretty are you gonna learn an ollie do
it with two fingers okay like this
you're gonna have that's like having
four feet you do not have four feet I'm
gonna do some tricks King who's gonna
ride him off I need you blind you know
not be a boring video five-oh Smith
grind lipslide
crying tailslide could grind a no slime
traveling is the first time I've ever
know so this noseblunt favorite does one
yeah great I got a roll under there walk
how is that gonna work oh I fell down
right here
I did it I thought of a way ridin could
do the rail okay we're gonna put this
like this and you're gonna start on here
and do a newsroom great for that I'm
gonna get over here film you I don't
you're right I don't think your fingers
can get to the front of the back so just
do a 500 almost there you go you still
use your you still grabbed it but we're
gonna go with that Wow you fell Oh
alright now I'm gonna get a little crazy
okay shut lipslide
now it's no hard Oh
what was I getting into it nothing
because I just did it thanks dude 253
flip out a merit on that oh did I can do
it I don't think so
that was it I think I got a watch in
slow motion cuz it might have been a
shove it oh that was it I told you I
told you to do a there's a cat there's a
cat oh and I recently just announced in
a video that we are totally making
revived finger boards with Technic so
you're gonna go to go to Target and be
able to get our a revived finger board
right there at the story mm-hmm maybe
awesome I think you fully understand how
cool it is right now all right what's
tricks I do next the baby leave trick
knowledge I was riding it had the baby
leaf trick cuz I just did imagine a
nollie half-cab courage nollie bigspin
looks like oh my gosh I was at a nollie
bigspin nose one my foot my finger
whatever this thing is called came off
in the middle of it okay I'm gonna try
to land nollie baseman looks like oh my
gosh
wow I thought I was never gonna land
that that was very hard are you gonna
work on your flat ground we'll see I
shove it go out do you know you're doing
switch do it this way like weight on
this tail well I was almost a varial
flip or a hard flip or something you're
gonna land something
now all frontside shove-it or backside
don't know there you go
all right let's work on well there's a
good shove it make sure you try to try
to land back on with two feet two
fingers oh oh there was the three shove
you got landed da was good but you'll
get better at landing it with just there
you go see you're getting good at it so
instead of just going like that like
push down right here a little bit and
then it flips oh okay have a lot of
pressure right there okay do it oh my
gosh that was it
Oh try again oh that was all of your
fingers about think where you got those
let's see if it was a shove it or not I
don't know if it flipped though I wanna
make sure didn't do it flipped you
did your first flip trick it was like a
heart I show up riding I think you did
it inward heel flip good job don't piss
well he was a little bouncy off the
ground but you did it dude
good job how do you feel actually good
really makes you feel accomplished right
so that was awesome dude you did good
I'm gonna do a couple more tricks
throughout this video up and I see the
board I'm doing a switch 5o switch nose
grind switch Smith and a nollie flip
lipslide okay warm up with the switch 50
whew switch five Oh first try switch no
George not first try
BAM switch Smith oh oh I fell down
wow that was smooth
alright now the finale the nollie flip
lipslide
I hope it's easier than the nollie
bigspin I'm dying over here oh that was
it I'm getting lots of hugs a day hey
thank you dude
so there it is this is the Hollywood 16
replica it was made by tech tech years
ago and you could find it on eBay
sometimes but it's kind of hard to get
it's really awesome it comes with
another handrail like right here but if
you're right-handed is totally in the
way so I cut it off so it's more I'm not
a fan of like destroying things you know
I like to keep things nice but that was
the only way I can like really
comfortably skated so I did I did that
and it's been awesome and I gave it two
rides a while ago but then yeah but
that's because it's like for left-handed
people or switch but my normal more or
less gonna be like this and there's a
hitter on the way so I just removed it
but I hope you guys liked this video I
do videos every single day here so hit
the subscribe button if you want to see
more from me and be excited about to
revive tech decks coming out I'm really
hired about that and when it actually
happens next year do you just hit your
face on my head what actually happens
next year I would have a bunch of videos
hyping it up but until then I do I'll
see you guys tomorrow
are you alright yeah alright later guys
thanks for watching well what is that
where's that we got a balloon whoa whoa
put YouTube what's up guys I that was
weird wasn't it
Oh monkey box again yep that's the money
box
