YouTube what is up guys I am doing
another group tape art time-lapse
finally and this time I brought back
this dude right here what's up this is
JP couvert he is a brilliant artist and
a good friend and he's gonna do some
Star Wars group tape for you guys and
I'm gonna do a time-lapse of it'll look
so awesome so uh first things first we
need a piece of grip tape grip tank over
there chambers can we have a script tape
no I'll get one take one anyway alright
cool have that heika Brody so guys so
now that we got that we're gonna go to
my office where I have a lot of paint
pens and a table and that's all you need
how to draw how to make awesome griptape
have a table grabbed a paint pens and
talent no actually you only have to be
talented really it helps if you're
talented but uh Brian could you could
you draw on a grip tape if you really
want to do I really really really wanted
so you can do without talent yes okay
that's not I mean that I'll just keep
going I'm just saying if you're not a
super talented artist you can still make
some stuff look pretty cool I promise no
offense brand names he's a good guy so
we sat down to do this artwork on this
grip tape and realize that it'd be much
smarter to actually grip the skateboard
that you were going to put it on first
so you don't have to do this but real
quick I'm going to do this and then
we'll cut back to to the art time
all right we're back we have a Johnny
Geiger cerberus deck what was this guy
actually designed this is his artwork
awesome looking deck is gonna have some
awesome grip tape so JP has an array of
paint pens and uh yeah you're gonna do
your magic right here right here don't
tell me what it is just I know it's Star
Wars just surprise me yes all right I
made a little drawing first right go get
Brian Eames cue the music
cue the music no no say cue the music
cue the music
look at the cameras - cue the music cue
the music
you
well surprise looks amazing here's this
guy I was just talking to him I was like
is it weird when I just sit down like
this is so great dude but it is it looks
awesome stormtrooper stormtrooper
fighting with a space backdrop you see
the Death Star in the distance looks
pretty cool hey I'd like to say thank
you
of course anytime in but this guy has a
YouTube channel his own he does a lot of
artwork for a vibe like you know that
board is like mainly this most of the
referrer vibe a decent amount of force
and then he is now he's one of the dudes
asteroid pancake attack with me yes
so yeah Matt websites down there we do a
do the tagline you came up with was
awesome my t-shirts for rad little dudes
or something oh yeah I was pretty well
but we also have adult size so if you
dig a graphic we have it and I don't
know but it might be sold out by time
this goes up but either way check out
the side pancake desert at home and then
his channel is right there and pause for
just a second guys because the board
that JP just drew that on is actually up
for grabs he's giving away on his
channel and that little bubble that
popped up in the corner right there you
can click that and go straight to GPS
JP's channel my gosh sorry JP and he'll
there'll be a video of telling you how
to win it - he just uploaded today so
definitely check it out the link is also
in the info and at the end of this video
so yeah go check out JP and it's a
Christmas and we when I put this video
up so Merry Christmas that's it go win
that deck subscribe JP popped up and you
can click it and go over and see what he
has to offer on youtube and that's it
thanks for doing the dude let's go to
show bra names this get a reaction enema
oh and I got a clip of a hem
skateboarding I'm put that in there in
events high-five and or two as you'd be
great
he's on the he's on the phone with the
bank but it's not punching anything so
it's probably going pretty good
come here in prayer Ron come on hey hi
dun dun dun dun it's pretty awesome
what you like about it what do I like
about it yeah I like about it do you
like about it I like about alright shut
the door dude
get out here with a bottle
