YouTube what is up guys this right here
is happening this is just a sticker on a
skateboard but tech tech and revive
officially made a deal I don't know what
do I say we did it we're the tech tech
is gonna make revived skateboards and
they announced this on Instagram like a
week ago but I had to make a video
addressing it like this is a dream come
true I cannot begin to tell you how
excited I am for this like I said like
this is just a sticker on it they're not
actually made yet they're gonna start
production here soon but I do have some
pictures I have some official Technic
images that they're like letting you
guys pick some of the graphics so look
at these right here as I'm talking they
look so awesome and I'm really excited
to make this deal like I said I'm I've
used Technic specifically for a long
time like since they pretty much work
company like when I was a little dude I
like I saw them and I was so excited
about it so to have my brand on a tech
deck is like this is something I just
never thought imaginable so I want to
thank you guys I know a lot of you guys
asked them and bug them to make it
happen and then we started talking about
the nicest people ever so so thank you
very much I hope you like those images
it is going to happen unfortunately
production time is a crazy long time so
it's not gonna happen to like like
summer or fall next year but hang in
there I will keep you updated with all
of this we even talked about maybe
getting them to bring the hand boards
back so if you guys like that definitely
let them know because that's if that's
something I can have it you might be
able to see actual fish will revive hand
boards which would be another dream come
true thank you guys
I'm gonna start this longest out though
and since I'm talking about
fingerboarding I'm totally gonna do a
fingerboarding trick for you guys with
my makeshift revive fingerboard what
trick should I do I don't know maybe
like a nose run but I got that oh my
gosh Oh sloppy but I did a second try no
that was sloppy too
oh that was the one that was freaking
the one one I think hit that one hit the
box too but either way I was happy with
it I clean my office kinda and it still
looks super messy it just means I have
way too much crap this is another room
we need to work up on brownies how you
feel about revive finger boards to be
made I'm very excited about it yeah
where are they where are they're not in
existence yet this is day in life it
isn't that way in life
it's not it's it's not it's a longest
epilogue a search is a great word so one
last super from the hearts thank you to
each and every one of you I'm really
excited about this and I had to make a
video addressing it I'm gonna give you
guys much more content I'm gonna
skateboard a little bit today on the
warehouse there's a lot of stuff going
on the trick whore is being expanded so
that's awesome I'll show you the
progress on that and then I have an
unboxing of s I didn't know I was
getting a box I was like oh I'm out of
salt egg box and then hanging off a
little dude and a pride plays a guitar I
jot it out like I usually don't like I
just let things happen I'm like what do
I want to do today in this video so I
wrote it on the list let's get to it
Brian I got an idea I'm gonna go
suddenly put the camera and this in
Casey's face and tell them to drink
whole thing I think he'll do it wasn't
it just chili sauce oh yeah you might
he's not here but you're mine what that
ruins everything
hi Sam hey Casey you have three stitches
drink this this is life this is life
this is life go go go
go do it no dang it I thought if I had
enough energy you do it well you said
drink it and it said seasoning so I
thought I was gonna be like a powder
know what play yeah feel it I know I can
feel it now
let's go where's texture all right well
it failed miserably this box is perfect
it's perfect good things are happening
here good things aren't happening uh
well it's a vlogger so dude oh so I'm
gonna skate and I'm not gonna be that
successful when my arm
it's a weird arm you always have the
weirdest on average all these different
things will - it doesn't make sense
it was good
I read the thought in my mind I was like
dude I'm going to land this I'm gonna be
able to say I've never missed a curry
ride on this box so there's that
statement gone come on
but look at how just I just accumulated
on my cell and definitely can see it you
could definitely scary after you fall
like yeah let's go say after to the bog
Finny feel it I have not done affinity
to live in on this Nate well here that's
that's a nice rock all the way right
there weird looking I was first right
it's always something weird with my feet
yeah you got weird feet more finger flip
which one showed you a number keep them
you did kickflip first try last night
right it tries to be a trick
oh that was super clean now it nose
man you want swishing with man you gotta
do this okay I gotta go grab my board
room oh my gosh
I found it well I did Hey hi do it this
is a video gamer
I'm super good yeah do that again one
maybe this tomorrow hey thanks for
filling thank for filming - oh yeah I
just filmed you yeah thanks for being
filmed ah alright skating is done I'm
about to take off but I have a meeting
with this dude this is an eight well
you've been in the videos like here and
there yeah Mesa mostly the older ones
but uh I used to be in a band with this
dude and I would actually just temporary
taking that guy's place
he was played bass I played bass was the
epidemic you guys have if you guys been
watching my videos for a while you know
about it but finally the second album
give up yeah
so congrats guys thank you I've tried to
hit the rock Ryan Rock yeah let's rock
yeah hit the rock uh and I'm probably if
they let me I imagine they would let me
I use this on for an upcoming we are
bench so absolutely anytime you get out
I'm leaving bye alright fine alright so
I'm done with the warehouse for today
I'm going Christmas shopping get Craig I
guess Steven I gotta get my mom and my
stepmom and my dad and comes us up it's
really bright hopefully get this done
cuz I really want to go home and open up
my box from s it's the suburbs
and I'm home I got home and I filmed a
fingerboarding video with ridin on this
thing which was fun right
do you like it eat what about it oh yeah
you need it don't you but it was a fun
video not to like over fingerboard you
guys but that goes up Tuesday so watch
out for that have the sbox to open up
right now I can't wait I have no idea
what's in here actually I have a guest
but I don't know for sure
Wow look unbox this dude for my keys
hold on actually Kelly cards recently
sent me something else and it was
awesome I need to show you guys that
after this the best pair of shoes that
have ever existed runs all right I think
I was really I was right haha I'm a
happy guy it's two pairs of shoes and
they are gorgeous oh my gosh these are
the red seselis these are the sports
cars of skate shoes I call them they're
just sleek and light and awesome and I
just got two pairs that look so good I'm
gonna wear these so much I'm not gonna
skate them these are just aware which is
the good thing about s is that even if
you don't skate you know they're gonna
look good on your feet so uh heck yeah I
have a bunch of Swift's to skate in but
these I'm going to be wearing okay do
not make if you've met oh and you just
whipped me boy okay stop stop stop them
ha ha ha
so I just want to say another huge thank
you to s they've been supporting me for
so long now I could not be happier
wearing any other shoes we have a bunch
over the Shred quarter calm you guys
want to look for yourself and get a pair
of your own but Kelly Hart Don Brown you
got the very best I'm gonna take you
guys up dinner sometime okay to be
amazing I just like food but it'll be
cool hang out you guys do totally cool
hey buddy I'm gonna go down to my office
and play some guitar you wanna hang out
with me no you gotta hang out with me
well I didn't take my target my office
is it a still disaster I've got some
stuff to build but everyone I've been
playing call duty modern warfare 1 with
Brian Eames which is so nice to play the
new ones are not that good but the older
ones are better I'm gonna jam some music
right you don't care you're watching
curtain
you
more than this I wish you could have
seen my face the backseat staring out
the window I do anything for you I don't
actually know how to put song I just
know like the first riff and I kind of
just went off that you think being a
huge codeine fan I would know how to
play more on guitar but I'm not like
didn't I'm not that talented at the
guitar and Claudio and all those dudes
are just insane so I can't do it much
give me some punk rock some basic punk
rock and I can I can do something and
that is it I'm going to spread the rest
of my night with the little guy and
wrapping Christmas presents and stuff
like that but thank you guys for hanging
out for this vlogger showed it was a lot
of fun I got a lot of stuff done today
and hail you yeah yeah anything you want
to say to you too before we go oh man
for mommy is here oh and yeah there's a
new turbo story time video and then so
psyched about tech deck so thank you
guys very much once again if you want to
see turbo toy time it's right there it's
a toy channel ridin I do and I think
today is a crazy epic Lego battle the
Death Star attack so try it out that's
it are you was that under the table and
you're eating it
I'll be okay but it doesn't work like
that you can't just leave fruit snacks
on the floor I favorite I love you all I
get is a pad and a kiss okay cool I got
fruits name slobber on me
I mean the idea that I'm going to be
able to go to Target anywhere on the
country I'm like oh there's a revived
skateboard finger board on the shelf is
just in ha it makes my brain go off
apparently ah
