what is going on he's like do not steal
my job wait why is he dressed like me I
don't know is he's you it's the little
Lea stealing another day he said he
wanted to take over a revived has his
job its warehouse ones it is yeah
and KC is not up you are great Bry names
it when you where I go it's usually when
people lose yeah cool thanks thank you
thanks for the brian eve copier but you
and you were up here do you accept a
potential challenge no good first off
you're gonna have to warm up I'm gonna
make you do four tricks that I hit and
do not see you normally do cool
then you instead of a mystery challenge
you have to teach him how to do a trick
okay
oh no that's the good hat right in do
have to buy you a new hat now do you get
dirty keep that off the ground okay oh
my gosh that's terrifying
I'll get you know how to get to the
money and then you teach me a new trick
okay Ryden you need to learn new tricks
from rare bribes and this on the ground
ego you know the trick you were trying
the other day yeah he's gonna help you
land it and then for your final
challenge you have ten minutes to land a
something that I've thought of you've
shaved a feeble to manual to shove it
out you said what when I said people do
not do you not know what if I saw the
you're like we're changing it you're
adding two people so you're gonna do
enfeebled second feeble people to manual
something you got ten minutes if you do
land it you get to draw on ridin
skateboard if you don't he gets to draw
whatever on yours cool right
ruin your board account alright let's go
inside let's do this it's the second
series yeah just spinoff series oh my
gosh ever seen an episode of Looney tune
before like they're all babies is that
what this is for tricks Bryan Ames
that's the people Manny yeah clearly
what do you think I was gonna do it's
actually got it hard because you gotta
like lift your front truck up really
good uh yeah that's ok see you want to
be the the deliver or bad news and tell
Brian his first first warm-up trick is a
heel flip your first one trick is he'll
come on flap my grandmother flock on you
okay
do you think he's gonna land this he'll
flip oh I don't know why I don't see you
do that that was good it's like there's
like this much separation between
boarding speeds I thought you were gonna
say that it was that Wow you were wrong
you got to do a fakie frontside shove-it
on the bank fake yeah you know like like
this like is this hard for him yeah you
know it sucks when he is his challenge
he doesn't say any goofy stupid things I
can make his voice somewhere
that looked and sounded dumb so that was
a trick that he never does he's never
done it I hate the fact that there's
footage of that figure Shiva this hey
it's a new trick all right no slide to
fakie I don't see you do that right
we're asking the dumbest trick yeah well
that's the point buddy oh and you can't
move anything on the box remove that
good job he's got a first right it was
exactly in the fashion of the the fakie
shove it to hey those first try sounds
terrible good job yeah it looks exactly
a fake shove it sure root from hauling
apples
hey no fifty-fifty the outlet I've never
done that well you're gonna do it right
now you're actually scared of this
terrifying get more rolls than that oh
my gosh is your heart beating Brian was
that scary horrifying
you came out of that really weird but
you did it good job see no see I think I
think you're getting a hug dude
left-handed I gotta the gymnasium to
play dodgeball yesterday's video
actually there's footage of it he was
trying to roll into it it just started
trying and I started filming it and he
would slip out of the bottle oh okay you
got to teach them you got to show them
how to do it and give them some pointers
to make him land it alright buddy he's
standing on your board you push we push
you lean too far back a little bit you
know put your feet wide on your
skateboards he I did send our balance
and there's gotta go that's it and you
stay on no matter what stay on your
board no matter what so don't lean back
he leaned back you're gonna slip out
like you think you're gonna do it first
try now you don't think so no I think
you will if you just stay on it oh he
was right didn't do it first try
good job buddy hey was that a rush good
night now come here dude I'm proud of
you you landed two of the tricks you've
been trying recently today I love you
buddy
do you think is that gonna be hard if
you don't do it there's probably gonna
be like a big huge cat or something on
your grip tape if you win you get to
draw on a child's skateboard yeah when
you're the host of the show you don't
get to you don't get to get good prizes
you don't see who's do No Deal Howie is
anything it's Harvey Dent it's Harvey
Dent it's Harvey Dent get ready and when
you go he'll start the timer or no he'll
start the timer because this is our
social media guy I have phone two going
he's going
so we stopped well you got a bonus try
your lucky guy we got a timer and set it
for not 17 10 minutes Tennyson how much
time you give me oh no here we'll go
nine minutes and two so you can do Jimmy
loves to give bonus things we're given
we're taking away nine nine ten minutes
and how much time nine minutes 50
seconds what
oh are you kidding me
Mannie wasn't smooth but it's workable
that's hard too he punked us he's
punking us he's like I've never done
this but I I keep thinking about it I
know he acts so like like offended when
we give him a challenge and then he's
just good at it oh he's got it either
looks like he's gonna do it or he's
going to die
there's no in-between
he didn't hear you oh my god I have
paused you you have six and a half
minutes left how do you feel right now I
feel apples good that was the smoothest
transition
he's like very close to almost dying
every I know but I just I wanted to fall
a little bit but not get hurt does that
mean
he turned his microwave on full-blast
he's surprised I like that I like that
if he was a pirate what would his name
be Blackbeard ever since he's been doing
the whole the whole yard what's that
what's that no lingerie art the law yeah
ever since we've been doing The Longest
Yard it's coming for me you didn't
specify alright alright fifty seconds I
pause because it's you know later and
he's exhausted and you're being nice
oh my god three tries left literally
this series anymore dude that was the
sloppiest trick I've ever done well you
did a good job let's go into the
straight quarters get your skateboard
how good do you feel that you added your
trick oh that was nice of ya I was Brian
what I should get here
I like your two got couch you know
hostess
it's our dogs a breakfast to have that
like sing a song about toast and draw it
why I can't draw just draw it's gonna be
fine stick figure so you won your
challenge and you're bummed oh yeah I'd
rather have lost that way right even
draw my skateboard he's gonna look like
a stick figure donkey that's fine make
the stick through your donkey it's gonna
be like a circle and then like a neck
with a stick
okay watch this is how I draw okay and
this is the neck I mean he's skinny he
kinda looks like this it's a head yep
that's a head and then four legs that's
probably good he's got little paws it
looks like a Native American cave
drawing he's got little paws and then
he's got a tail and so he wags his tail
though she's got like little things that
does that looks like he's pooping dog
and he's probably like a dog nose give
him some eyes and then he's got like an
eye right there and then how about
whiskers whiskers they go up or down I
don't I don't even know that's what you
do that's that's how I can draw anything
it looks it looks cute big fat you're
welcome buddy it actually looked like
toe it does it looks like toast well
thank you for Bryan Ames kinda I want
you to lose because I am only one that's
lost in a long time
I wanted to lose so I hit the drill on
that board well either way he has a
YouTube channel it's floating above my
head and in the info he does a lot of
weird food taste tests type stuff like
hot strange gross it's very entertaining
I'm sure I'm on there all time so
there's probably a recent video of me on
there if not just go back but it's good
stuff check it out and if you guys need
skateboarding stuff here at the shred
course comm you can get all your
skateboarding needs we have our brand
survive force 3 block hot stuff and you
wanna see videos for me just hit the
subscribe button I wouldn't truly
appreciate it's right below the video
just click it and you're set up to see
me it's free it's easy you guys have a
great day and go out in skateboard if
you can
right if you could get in any skateboard
in the warehouse to escape what would
you do you want to walk around in cells
ooh
the dug monster one there you go I tell
you what if you do a three flip backside
tailslide you can think you can get that
board
you haven't even showed me how to do it
UK you can't do a 3-foot back tail yeah
well then here come ons good no don't be
way too hard it would be all day and all
does he bark
he'd have to it you would you would try
it in the nude box
