hey hey good myut good what are you
doing I am gonna do a new darkside today
but not really it's like a new dark side
for me I'm never done on a rail you can
do this you can do it I think you can't
you I figured he seems weirdly
optimistic for Brian Eames but but thank
you I agree I think I can do this so
let's let's see if they can happen shy
warm up about kind of warm but it should
I do it another trick what crooked grind
now I can trigger this is gonna be kind
of scary I feel like you could really
fall on a rail
you can definitely fall on anything yeah
I know but I'm saying like that's the
face that oh I didn't even think about
it if I do this first try I will buy you
a broken game boy I was like I was
surprised for a second then when I fell
in I was like that makes sense
yeah Rodney it's kind of scary he did it
he's can do those really well oh why oh
I'm falling really hard
hmm on ways that I could fall if I was
doing this in a box the wood little grip
tape that's on this skateboard it
definitely like it drags on anymore you
can see it I haven't said this too many
times in my life but I think I need to
wax the rail or the board that's also
something I shouldn't say you have to be
careful over waxing this can make you
die so just a little bit
I'm barely pushing down probably not
enough
why I thought I landed smooth for like a
fraction of a second I'm like that
manual
I had to stop to have a meeting and have
lunch
and now I'm back I have 10 minutes keep
trying this a smooth oh he's stopping in
face we got to skate park being made
people I hope I do it I mean either way
I landed it so I technically already did
it but I want to smooth it up for you
okay for you not you you the person
watching first try on this session I'm
gonna bite you a working game way whoo I
will definitely take that I'm not my
tomato soup made me feel better at door
slides gosh I wish I had been you've
been powers be so much more about you
could explode that wall be a great
message frustration that was does a
handrail I would still be second
that was it was it
I'm a failure you know thank you a
failure at least I did it I got to leave
I was supposed to be somewhere else
right now one o'clock my schedule is
trying to kill me you don't land it I
know we'll play that one in slow motion
right now for you guys
but I will do it I will land it smoother
for you guys I promise
and it'll be called smoothest rail
darkslide I've done look beautiful I
know I want to stay here and do it I
just got to go my gosh dude Christmas
gifts
it's nice you for getting Christmas yes
forever your day because let's get four
I know there's the bright and shiny
armor of something thing but if you want
to see more videos hit the subscribe
button and of course why would that
actually make you see my videos so hit
the bell button my gosh YouTube and then
uh I'll see you guys tomorrow
peace out Brian ah you got a dark side
this next he just he almost ate it on
the ramp which I would have taken credit
for unless you got heard that I was like
man sucks he did that I'm not
you zoom what is up guys I am so sorry I
wasn't able to hit that smoother but I
was I was still excited that I landed it
in general because it was it was weird
feeling it was felt like I could do it
at the same time it was insanely hard to
stay on top of it if I wasn't perfectly
on it so I will do it cleaner for you
and I'll probably just start out of
longest out in the future with that as
the first trick but I promise you'll get
to a little fYI about this weekend's
videos I originally said I was going to
do a prank video on Christmas evening on
Christmas of we aren't revenge well the
the prank video went up yesterday and I
just could not get time and the people
together do a we are avenged and I
didn't want to give you a subpar episode
so I'm headed to LA at the beginning
here's ridin high in boot you do have a
fur roll-up
I'm headed to LA in the beginning of
January and I will get right on a new
episode so you will get one in January
and and then especially have to take
over the world you're in a whole bunch
of we are avenge is enough and I'll get
back on the flow of things and make
seasons every year and stuff though you
guys for watching that the dark side
video I did start a podcast recently so
if you guys want to hear me and Ryan
chambers talk about anything nerdy it'll
be right down there in the info you can
subscribe to it and get all of the
episodes we're doing one a week right
now and a new one just went up the first
one we did talk about rogue one this the
one we just did that went up today or it
should be up today it should be up like
it is up now it's a play today we just
talked about a large portion 2016 just
kind of recap of the movies in it so
it's a good it's fun you guys want to
hear us talk while you work or hey do
whatever check it out I'm going to go
thank you guys for watching this out new
videos every single day so the subscribe
button and of course YouTube has changed
is trying to kill us all and they make
you be notified so hit the bell to
wherever that is on the screen go hit
the bell you notified when I make new
videos either way I'm gonna see you guys
tomorrow
I don't know why I'm getting close to
the blinds but I am
