your tube what is up guys it is that
time of the year where I make a fool of
myself at Christmas in public
I've got rollerblades on I'm dressed as
basically a Santa that got out of the
bath but uh that's what I came up with
when I grabbed some presents in the back
I'm gonna go try to deliver them I don't
think is gonna go so well you ready to
film things Matthew
heck yeah for that lady I do that took
forever to get that did you get it
oh yeah I got a good one well that's it
it's like the busiest time everyone's at
the grocery store until I want to film
one of these then no one's next to the
door rollerblading is so fun to follow
up she was like did you eat your head
heck yeah for that lady does she care if
you actually cared about if I was hurt
or not after you skated also morning
one that it is so hard there's so many
people out and the second we start
filming is just impossible that guy did
not care it all the way he was like I
don't wanna deal this I mean I wouldn't
care if I saw you falling I was I would
be excited I like laugh at least the
lady that was asking me what if I was
okay when I fell the second time she
wasn't already walking away I don't know
if she like just like all this guy's an
idiot he's probably a youtuber but
youtuber let's keep it going
let's got we both have him on just the
left hand
that was the best one so far that was
really good if this thing makes me look
so giant yeah and my hair really done no
one has called me out like that's not a
thing no one roller blades Christmas
presents down the road and on sale in
costume all right day two of this
I got upgraded my Santa outfit yeah hit
list it looks at the same exact thing
but we're gonna go get some more folks
all right all right all right we're
doing Walmart then the guy in front of
me thinks I'm crazy
he's like seven feet away from you
staring at me like why is this guy in
Sandton ruins
I had no idea I wasn't going that fast
at all no one thought you were filming
the whole time
no no what was really good all right
well there's my smash into a golf cart
one cuz we all need that in the Gulf yes
those a golf cart like the store where
you put all your golf's in it you go
home like the wax or like the golf - oh
no I meant to say cliff record Stephen
okay let's do it again
dude there's a battery my bud pocket I
do not want to smash my butt I was
hoping you weren't gonna finish with the
word pocket
dude that guy was offended and did not
care I thought more people going to be
coming out and then I was like I didn't
really know what to do with just that
guy there and it was awkward but I guess
he can't always fly in the air on her
face and from in a perfect world you
could oh yeah that was a terrible that
was awful but like I didn't fall it was
stupid
their house where Vinnie
but that's it guys I didn't have a ton
of time to film this but I hope you guys
enjoyed mere or blatant failing with
presents Merry Christmas if you don't
celebrate Christmas I hope you guys have
a grand celebration of the holidays or
whatever you got going on in your life
and thank you guys for watching my
videos I do videos every single day so
hit the subscribe button and the bell
because you got a subscribe twice
nowadays just stay notified on my videos
and I will see you guys tomorrow oh and
thank this guy for filming I will I'm
just kidding
Christmas spirit all day positive as
I think it sucks is when we were
creeping up to places and I would just
be like everyone that looks in this car
she's like there's a guy dressed as
Santa what is he up to
Oh naturally he's on roar blades every
time it's on rollerblades in in their
heart right but in their heart
no hating I saw the Polar Express at the
zoo last night like a piece of it and
that Santa is like 25 years old he's
super young understand that movie yummy
I mean he looks like he could be at any
moment John McClane from die hard if you
just took away the beard in the suit
John McClane like die hard 1 though it's
John McClane into all of them it's a
Christmas movie too high you want me to
keep telling you the stuff you already
know yeah all right
you
