kidding warehouse Wednesday yeah hey it
is cold already
and I'm Legolas where's my hoodie oh
it's on my head like a head yeah I'm an
idiot all right so remember that usually
how we talk about the dome the episode
we didn't talk about we have no idea was
going on but I'm gonna make it happen
okay we're just gonna roll with it you
just kind of straight roll with and say
yeah who's here
Oh some guys get is snow in your hi now
this guy lives in LA you just gotta live
in Cincinnati USA from swimming valley
whatever what I say is okay la vallee
whatever so this guy is here in town
during the worst weather and you're
gonna skateboard okay we're gonna give
you five warm-up tricks
Brian names gonna choose them all then
you have a mystery challenge and then
you're going to have seven minutes he's
making this up as he's talking you're
gonna have 7 min minutes or two and
you're gonna have to do five tricks on
the quarter pipe but the catch is
there's a catch the catch is this guy's
going to be screaming bloody murder at
you this is an episode we deal with
beanie back in the day it's really sorry
yeah I mean a song like whatever you do
to be annoying and distract him I might
help too you never know if he lands it
what will he get every learns what it if
you lose the challenge I don't know yeah
the beer bow-how 30 bucks 30 bucks is to
go to come on
if he doesn't lay in this what's his
punishment how about we take his beanie
and put it in the puddle that would be
so cruel take this beanie and put it
yeah and then mango say we could just
point out and say no bad definitely yeah
we'll figure it out going perfect you
know about 15 minutes ago it's first
time seeing snow fall from the sky
really yeah yeah first is the video of
it so yeah but at any time I get you my
bow - that's like that's a possibility
in this have you ever seen those things
on the internet we're like kids paint
rock like soccer balls and get their
friends to kick it that is the meanest
thing we're like break a foot if I make
it in the fire
alright yeah do it
you did it yeah oh yeah that's happening
so uh what's this first warm-up trick oh
he's really good Peebles do a feeble on
the club bar
yes Sam Tabor
Wow pathetic it's a really bad
bow-and-arrow
what's good like I don't I don't know
you're good at other people's all you
see you people's don't always get a bow
and arrow nice face
ok so second second thing we're mo sure
knows ground the box yeah she's gonna do
so bad - I don't care about shooting I
wouldn't shoot a bow and arrow people
unless it was this morning cause he
knows talking hit him from Kwang on the
talks in front one once that's up nobody
can trouble
okay just came in the cold yeah you give
a guy like a you give a got hot tea
don't give him a front blunt Smith Smith
saw on the bump sure oh yeah I think you
can do that vegetable oh how was he
he's just playing us land all those
warm-up tricks first try let's get miss
yeah
I could get it I was awesome yeah
Lincoln I've watch the link okay I
played that game club thing I'll show
you I don't know it I don't like board
something oh oh oh you can back tail I
saw you doing in Simi Valley no in Van
Nuys back to the Bob
that's because Brian can come up with
workers he can backs ooh watch the
one-handed arrow time
Oh Mac Smith on the flat bar he's got to
do this hey he's got it hey man you all
be back smithing on the flat bar dude
because Brian King come up with
warmongers he came back scoop back Smith
on the flat bar alright so back Smith is
when the front truck is nowhere near the
back truck it's literally the same
distance away from back truck at all
times I'm gonna shoot his skateboard mid
back Smith
get off hey see now it's locked in place
that was really good I shot at his board
annually mr. challenges and do pattycake
while listening the Spice Girls on phone
damn to do bad thoughts bad subtitle by
the Spice Girls so right now we are
listening to you know we're playing
patty-cake right now yeah yeah sit face
each other come on come on directors
come on man take the reins ready like I
don't know how to do I don't do you
agree absolutely all right action fight
girl who does like they agreed I gotta
leave are you do you have your vocal
pipes in order
be ready to annoy the heck out of him
yes he I do five tricks and one of them
has to be the back side over crook
and you rock and roll's not allowed okay
okay through honorable tricks yeah and
so is back axle salt okay yeah I'll
decide the honor milvey come on court
bite
No seven minutes seven minutes is your
meat thermometer right I think I said
everything yeah
just better not be this easy I know I
did not work off it's a good motive
we're going to the screaming part oh my
god
you didn't even do anything the Nexen
hey at his feet
you're so close - oh nice I said hey at
his feet he's a Kaitlyn's argument I'm
leaving it go she heated back over crook
first tried us now and it took him like
30 minutes to do it yeah that was good
all right well creaking continue that's
three more tricks this is dumb be crazy
casing like plunge from the face have
you come yeah Brian get over get away -
get out of here get here get out of here
are you alright how great that is born I
hit my ankle really are this is going to
be good
Oh Oh gonna make it go through hey Zeke
and whoo-hoo he did three how many how
many does he have left you have for that
Minister two tricks
clearly I like spaz down hit the record
but in the middle I got the throw a
thing you didn't even do the trickery
you didn't even do it right you wouldn't
like her - you heard him trying Smith
his sugar cane right one more trick
three half minutes
where were you I didn't want to be broke
your letter you have instructed
it's seriously a haunted house I got
it's not like a Celine
this is terrible imagine everybody else
that works in this building are like
what is happening Wow I was digging I
was singing blackout geez dude he
doesn't he doesn't get distracted hey
dude that omelet quicker more like
brought together warehouse 1 since we've
done in like six months I didn't even I
didn't know we were doing until I
started talking yeah not to mention your
Trixie - really actually really good you
were great yes you're not surprised by
that I'm actually really surprised
no I meant never mind 30 bucks we'd even
have to make him a punishment third goal
so this guy has a channel and it is
right there click it go to it it's also
down in the info but ice cream was
decided guys did not go home see ya see
ya
I saw this movie about an elk a dwarf
and then a man yeah and they went into
the future and he shoot arrows really
good whereas what you missed me
whereabouts when I look at you
you
