right for you come down here dude
you brought bagel down with you right
and Anthony bro what do you think is
behind my back I'm calling Ben polling
did you see this bag I told you I do not
remember telling you okay well either
way it's not a surprise then look hmm
we're gonna do this oh I know so we can
do wild and crazy bowling in the house
right yeah so fun twelve good blinks
yeah no well that's okay that's
definitely not the goal bagel we're not
gonna break stuff
we're not gonna even break you well yeah
we're definitely gonna break the cat
even call this a little magic yeah it
does so what we're gonna do we're doing
father-son house bowling we're gonna set
this up around the house we reduce
bowling in its foam so it's super safe
we can get really crazy with this let's
open this up remember that when you fell
asleep watching road wanred rip the box
all right Oh little goodies look doesn't
hurt doesn't hurt okay don't don't hit
it yourself my gosh here's our bowling
pins and here's our bowling ball see you
bounced off the wall hit me in the head
and then got it in there Oh yuck yuck
and then I just come here come here
oh and then I just punched you in the
head or neck are you okay oh they pinned
me up roughhousing I guess favorite ball
and pink offense radically and is in my
face yeah they're like Christmas bowling
pins wow so that's it there's only um
six pins but we're gonna set them up
we're gonna have fun aren't we yeah I
get older make folks go to bed did you
do you want to be the first bowler what
alright go down there I'm gonna show you
how to bowl okay you hold it you put
your fingers like this and then you bowl
like that kay rather than going between
your legs like that which is fine but
going like this is the way aim it right
down there
grow just like that okay almost oh okay
a little less Chuck edge but you dialed
it hey want me to sit him back up
singing you you can hit them all all
right here's a ball oh you did it go
tell bagel where's bagel go tell bagel
go so big
okay Bay goes freaked-out maybe we
should leave Bay go along I was good
dude huh daddy your talk
oh I get to do it this student hold the
camera yeah all right buddy I'm gonna
keep him here but I'm gonna go all the
way into the laundry room okay you think
I can do it yeah what do you if I do
this first try uh I don't know I'm not
gonna do anything if you get a fourth
rack really cool all right
oh my gosh I did it did you did you feel
me
or did you fill me down the hallway are
you just from the pins you did not fill
me down the hallway ha ha all right
let's get all the pins you want to into
your bedroom yeah let's go all right we
got our bowling pins we're going up I
can't wait to do the last one
I didn't I think we have to do one on
the toilet you undo that one can you do
it first try it's all right buddy yeah
okay let's go second try redeem yourself
right here dude you are the first person
to get a spoiling strike on a toilet I
know I get in there which I don't we
need to jiggly but you um put your
foldable and then Olander to ballina
then hit self buddy I'm all about that
let's do it all right there are the pins
else you get the trampoline
this was a good idea ready perfect Hugh
oh yeah I know
now I shove my pulls back a little bit
Oh
yes I saw you throw my camera I say we
go to the kitchen and we have to bowl it
on the counter and it's drop down hit
the pins below I got a better idea the
kitchen table riding I'll clear off the
table cause it's a mess you'll sit in
that chair you will roll the ball off it
and then it'll hit the pins down here
are you ready for this challenge sir all
right do it
whoa oh good try oh oh that was it dude
Oh
it literally rolled on top of the pins
that is way more impressive than
actually hitting him down good job oh my
gosh
oh this isn't hot this is like the
hardest thing ever oh my gosh that was
good though it's okay tonight I get a
strike every time you want do the big
finale on the stairs yeah I do it all
right I'll do it
all right right now I'm gonna stand
right there at the top of these stairs
it's gonna come down here and hit the
pins right there okay again oh well it's
not a tripod you just gotta hang out
with me all right we ready for this oh
oh sorry go back up one
ah that wasn't gonna throw that's it
right there
uh-huh this is really hard
oh my gosh it could have been great
thank you for helping me huh
that means a lot right here so helpful
throw the ball back to me well high five
that was fun
it's getting dark so we didn't do any
more shots but we have fun I figured out
that if we spread the pins out a little
better they they strike better that was
my fault I should have known that but uh
you did some good ones your toilet shot
was my favorite hmm I no longer feel oh
one final death even you would want to
be a planner I got it go on do it didn't
I yes I would have a bumped head did you
just pick up mid laughs oh but thank you
guys for watching I do videos here every
single day so if you want to see more
from me the subscribe button and we also
have a different channel where we do
what come oh my god again don't look
like a turbo toy time and we just
uploaded a video today so if you want to
check it out go hit that right there or
down the info where at the end of this
video I don't know what we did but it'll
be a fun video
no we haven't filmed yet hope you guys
have a good day we'll see you next time
riding what's your last words you want
to say you just lied to YouTube you said
it and you said you didn't say you
should be a politician oh good say it
easy guys
blabber Blaire
hey Ryan wants you a cool way to put
these back in box one two not three
