hey guys remember my elbow is like this
Oh Missy how did that happen
your elbow is so big I fell remember
that one titled in the ground is rep
whoa the military's after me your elbows
at for you there they're after me
because I have an alien on my arm
YouTube what is up guys that was my
throwaway Street skate park up 2016
which was a horrible year for so many
reasons and not just in my life everyone
pretty much had allows you 2016 but um
okay yeah also I'm sitting on baby stool
in ridings room who's I think coming up
to clean it actually yeah this 2016 was
way too busy and all the stuff you saw
was just from random YouTube videos
hey you wanna go say hi to YouTube I'm
filming a talking part for a skate video
come here come say hi whoa watch that
one that's pretty awesome wow it does
let the balls down I love you go go
clean up but as far as my skating goes
it was probably like 2015 was way better
I got so much more time to skate and I
was on top of a lot of my tricks and I
felt good and I was doing a lot of
tricks I've forgotten this this year was
worse for skateboarding but ironically
enough I landed way more tricks from a
video part and the best tricks for my
video part all this year so but video
part was good but overall I just didn't
feel too great about my skateboarding so
and I don't want that to sound too
negative like I'm so thankful that
skateboarding is in my life the way it
is like I love it and even if I was out
there not landing many choices all I
would still be super happy about it but
I just I want to progress you know you
got to keep going forward and growing so
this can be one of my new year's
resolutions is to skate more and just
get some of my stuff back that I'll do
it doing in 2015 with that said I hope
you guys liked that video and I will be
doing I do videos here every single day
so you'll see more skateboarding more
goopy stuff more videos with that guy so
hit the subscribe button and I sadly I
have to say hit the bell whoever the
Bell is down there I guess you have to
subscribe twice now so I'm gonna be
happy to be saying hit the bell to see
my videos because YouTube is like
destroying us all and my video is like
just to have not been going into
people's feeds it's been pretty bad so
hit that thank you guys very much for
all the support so many years of support
I truly appreciate you guys that's it
I'm gonna go go to the fist I'm gonna go
to the zoo right now to the festival of
lights it'd be fun family time hey
you're cleaning up good say bye bye
that's mix tears like McDonald stairs
you dude you have to stay away from the
lava
