YouTube what is up guys today I'm doing
something super fun I was throwing away
a bunch of shoes Brian you wanna throw
more I was away and I wasn't wasting
them because I've already skated I mean
for a month but I was like I'm gonna use
them to keep furthering these life and
I'm gonna make a all shoes skateboard so
I had Alex Beadon cut down a skateboard
this was a defective board that might
actually break it was a defect we just
feel good selling it so I cut it down to
this size and I'm gonna put shoes along
the whole time to make it all shoe
skateboard very interesting and since
this is definitely something my
brother's over at braille would do it's
using their Kara skateboard except let
me cut it down and turn to a rhonchi pro
model rhonchi if you guys want to see
some awesome content with weird
skateboards I'll put the link right down
there for Braille but what you should
set a standard Lee you should like the
best with you can do a common I think a
varial flip parry oh boy yeah the best
yeah good yeah how much right now focus
I my first
all right I'm gonna put this together
all right so this is the configuration
this is what the board's gonna look like
but now I have to put trucks on it first
and then I have to actually screw these
shoes into its own so yesterday
Gary Rogers mention me in Skateland like
for like a half of a second at the whole
freaking everybody on the Internet's
like dude you got roasted to carries my
friend for one - it's something I would
have said in the video I feel like you
mostly bring that upon yourself anyway
but there's I guess the first um I guess
I've been on there I love what he does
he could think actually roast me and I
be like that's cool half of the board
missing shouldn't affect anything about
utilities I want to skate that looks
like it yeah I should go into strength
dude these trucks are tight both nuts
because of the leverage yeah that is
absolutely probably why yeah actually
really good now we got the old rhonchi
on wheels I think I used to actually use
the engine core honestly I think you
should just go the other way our
skateboards are top I'm drilling these
number freezer on the side
2,000 years later you freaking go in
you'll do it this is literally like
hammering jello one you would think it's
interesting concept it was the most like
parents having to say a mean thing
nicely so I'm gonna do I'm gonna do some
tricks on this see a pop shuvit today
people yeah right you'll be able to keep
with this how Mikey we're gonna sear
rolled egg well the pop show today will
you have many options from enables to
roll take a foot
this is Stephanus is refreshing it's
like it's really an equivalent of PJs
like you step on your egg this is
comfortable
it's like skating on pillows don't you
dare try trick miss the puffs I didn't
get off before you break it they didn't
ask if you wanted to go on it I don't
really want to that's the thing want to
know okay you're right yeah bridle my
back just my hair doing everything in
anything
yeah looks like Kelly Slater is up there
like Shh I'm gonna go for the Olly Olly
test where you jump with escape are you
gonna be in this video just like
dude I'm gonna do great things with this
game
it doesn't I know
well you're sticking to its feet
let me try kpop now and let you do do
your thing I just hope it'll rip oh
great I can't put it back together
pretty good
I just want to tear it up
oh wow kind of feels like there's like a
bunch of like mini skateboard hands
grabbing your feet in no time sir
mini skateboard feet grabbing your hands
do it like you're doing double flip you
gotta do it in there like doing that
you almost made meatballs laughing right
let's come on get back up
Spyke dumbest bitch
these feel stupid being where we're now
trying a seven Shuki nine if you count
my feet
oh my gosh this is big is really trying
to hit me in the Wiener
I would like to take my mom's we're that
slows down a shoe bite maybe Xia Xu
buddy was that clean enough yeah she
cleaned up don't you do a better one
telling you dude shoe buddy oh you're
right
like I'm physically pressing against the
wheel you think so yeah shoe bite
yeah hi she lays between every trick
terrible there's another shoelace and
tie
that was clean that's better that was
Krispy Kreme
stupid dog shoe buddy
you got no
that stasis box the shoe that's a very
good idea because you get shoe bytes so
easy
they didn't yeah they didn't believe me
captain I'll that's why you would stop
it get to play I never felt sure that he
didn't believe me at first he was like
no that's not it and then you're not
riding riding on the top there seems to
me walk down the street with is like
like if you didn't skateboard like wow
safer he's gotten weird yeah that's
that's the weird part
Andy is you're about to see Andy's death
jeez nothing your body thought you at it
I know you can tell about the fun on
your mind your mind thought you head of
your body was like no your mind's
telling you no but your body there was
there was he shocked us all other than
you like your landing of a magic carpet
you can't even see the ground it was
terrifying especially with a tie the
grip didn't make sure your grip is tied
please Katie may run over shoelace I set
out to do the variable someone yeah
let's go hold on I gotta tie the ground
very tight and it's not really that I'm
sweaty guy it's like Emily were you
running though I'll and some basketball
guy no skating some shoes shoe slide
don't bother me
this is working muscles that don't
usually get worked
until you have to don't stand over the
bolts until you
boom so there we go I want to thank s
shoes my sponsor for giving me shoes all
the time to keep my feet ID and on your
fourth leave this I guess my game I use
oh yeah so I did my we're out of money
was kind of cool to put some dead shoes
to use here but thank you guys for
watching if you want to see more videos
I do videos every single day so to the
subscribe button and then also thanks to
Braille for doing all of this type of
stuff way better I'm not gonna do this
all the time I just got the idea I want
to do it so there's fun yeah thank you
for going to this you know broken
justice moniker man thanks what rhonchi
and and Marvin and ronk ronk oh yeah
he's Braille dude that's that's
