whoo - what is up guys so I am back with
another fingerboarding video my last two
have done really well and you guys have
told me nice things so I'm going to do
another one this one I'm going to do 50
tricks that's my challenge and they
don't be all the best tricks in the
world I'll go do some basics but I'm
definitely to do some hard ones - also
it is like 9 degrees outside Fahrenheit
so if that's Celsius it's like negative
a thousand or something's really cold
and my hands are dry and it's really
hard to finger board so don't judge me
too much what I'm saying alright or
judge me it's the Internet that's what
we do here it's also 9:00 in the morning
something about cold 9 a.m. fingers and
making kind of difficult to finger board
but I'm gonna do it oh I'm gonna do it
all on this box right here this is a
like a anchor portable charger and it's
the best box to fingerboard I have a 50
tricks starting now oh my gosh if I
throw that at my hand one more time boom
boom boom boom 10 tricks down let's keep
on going
just nollie once are we gonna get four
nollie for the next 10 total not my new
technologies
I can't believe I did that first try
oh there we go there we frickin go I
still haven't fixed my typo okay but
flies aren't a thing so just gonna smash
an R in there oh my gosh thank you I
always have the same go to like oh my
gosh and I do that with my hands oh haha
am i drop my finger which is I guess a
foot in finger boring world oh that is
probably the best one I'll and first dry
to 23:21 let's go to the next ten and
then drink some coffee and drink some
coffee because coffee is amazing
alright let's do it we're getting shove
Z with this one again ten shove it is
tricks come on was an Aaron Carter trick
right there ooh
do that again smooth it up then I was
devilish moving expends are cool too
anything spinning shoving hands missed
do that do that flip boom alright we'll
take that one of those Oh get back here
oh my gosh oh my another gosh oh is that
it
those little sloppy but I'm gonna take
it because I have many more tricks to do
thirty tricks down and I'm worn my hands
you think fingerboarding for twenty
minutes or however long I've been doing
it will warm up my hands and this hasn't
been so I'm using fire much the dude
that discovered fire like the caveman
guy you did super your responsibilities
like now I'm gonna burn some stuff we're
doing kick flips this time this is gonna
take me a second
boom yes oh my gosh I just did that
first try there's the hands I'll suck up
again haha kind of looks like the Grim
Reaper's hands like oh my gosh guys I
did it first try I am agree revote
come on come on just that's what I call
a lipslide youth we smith grind
yes
go for the five-oh now backside that is
who d flip over slide oh my gosh I just
a kickflip blunt side on accident yeah
it was yeah thank you and that was
awesome
I'm totally counting I'm keeping it but
I will land the keep abour slide thank
you I don't even know how he's mean to
do that
ah I was just so hard to should go go to
there there there there here to there
here there I hit the tripod but I
totally did it five okay clip Oh sloppy
but first drive
bangarang we're in the homestretch 40
tricks down at times is by 10 and tend
to go and I'm not gonna do a theme with
this or I'm just gonna do whatever I
want
there's gonna be some three flips but I
can do whatever I want well let's do
this all right switch finger board guys
starting with a three flip lip booyah
three flip 52 down blunt slide big flip
kick flip back lip or good dark back
dark slide gosh nominate if my hand
wasn't like that
let's go dark slide oh my gosh
hahaha oh my gosh
that was perfect back noseblunt ooh
don't come on no slide to shove oh this
is this is kind of weird one oh that was
it my gosh that was smooth front blunt
big spin nope
come on
to fall off the desk
whoo and now for the finale the three
flip noseblunt oh my gosh oh how can you
do better
oh my gosh fifty tricks guys there was
hope you guys enjoyed that it's a longer
than I thought I've seen some people
that didn't like a hundred finger board
tricks and I was like wow that's a ton
granted I could probably do I can do a
basics to probably fill those gaps and
actually do a hundred but if you want to
see another video where I just do finger
board tricks let me know give this video
a thumbs up and and I'll keep doing them
it's the winter here so I'm basically
trapped in my warehouse in my house
until I can really go outside and do
stuff because it's not snow and so I
can't go snow skate but I will be
traveling eventually and I'll catch some
new content if you're not but in the
meantime let me know if you like this
let's say we have a new video over on
turbo toy x and that's my son riding in
my toy channel so if you want to see
that click that right there that will
take you over to it the link is also at
the end of this video and in the info so
that's it thanks for hanging out with me
my hands did not warm up the entire time
so pretty much just gonna stand here
like this for about the next 20 minutes
and my stand
I mean sit if you want to see more from
me hit the subscribe button I do videos
every single day datings guys I'm gonna
stand sit
I'm gonna kick flip the candle oh my
gosh no I'm gonna get the fingerboard
waxy and almost on fire yep that
happened it's burnt it's burnt oh it
smells so bad
alright I'm gonna be done with that
