Oh
Oh Casey you did it okay that is such a
gross way to fall all right there's not
many types of Falls that I would use the
word gross but that's gross like with
something it's like hitting the kneecap
I think that's gross
Oh somebody gets hit in the back it's
just like Oh in fact my back is sore
right now probably from Casey's fault
when somebody hits their back it has
such a potential to be like the worst
thing ever that you're just kind of like
that right and you know it's a bad type
of fault when you basically try to touch
your wrists your shoulders like you know
you turn into a praying mantis wow that
guy looks like a praying mantis
somebody must have fell really hard I
mean that's the thing you know the
praying mantis cringe fall cringe thing
that's a reaction that's a real thing
out in the world okay so remember that
for your job interview they're gonna be
like hey do me a experience like I know
about the praying mantis reaction when
people are skating like you've seen the
world son you know what the real life is
like you're hired
I've gotten way too far off subject but
the back is totally one of the worst
places to hit okay you wanna you don't
wanna hear your head back in the head
especially really don't wanna hear go
dad's okay if you're a girl you don't
hit your lady nads let's stop talking
about this you're back yeah that's one
of them that's on the list okay gonads
and backs are friends and in the sense
that we've got to keep him safe what I
was watching him I didn't actually
realize that he had fell hard I mean it
didn't look great but it does I just
slipped out and then when you see the
camera and you're like oh he got kind of
lucky because his shoulder hit first and
then his back so it kind of like soften
the blow but then when the head goes
back you know it's a bad thing
anytime you see someone's head go like
dad
it's never good okay I can totally look
up but what I'm doing it's skating it's
a bad it's a bad I was just kind of
standing there not knowing what to say
which is a rare thing for me at least
when I watch the footage I was like oh
my gosh you got like whiplash Casey oh I
was afraid he was gonna come into work
the next day like limping or on crutches
or something because you never know like
the simplest back injury could be bad
but it was fine it was actually skating
the next day so that's good Casey
smashed your spine and what a way to
tell the tale the next day but the word
on the street is that this is karma
because he punched Brian in the face and
this week Square House Wednesday
that's maybe that's just what you get
que sigue you're gonna punch Brian in
the face you're gonna turn around and
hit your spine on a quarter pipe no I'm
just getting sorry to spoil all the
conspiracy theorists out there but this
happened before people has brown in the
face so maybe it was like time time
karma the Brian actually wanted to punch
him in the face so there's no really
karma involved but yeah it's a funny
thought right let's just play that cause
an effect you know punch and smash and
then of course I'm going to make AC get
hit by something I love it's gonna be
someone shooting him or a video game
character but he's going down with an
animation enjoy and I also want to take
a second that he hit on the wall one of
the two limited edition boards on that
wall luckily have another copy of that
board that we can just replace it but we
got to figure out where the boards go in
general but Brian Eames was like dad the
board's gonna be a ride he's always that
guy is exactly fine
first time anyone skated it literally
the first trick Casey tried on the
quarter pipe he smashed the limited
edition live skate deck thank you Brian
Eames lesson and that is karma
maybe that's why you got punched in the
face it's because you let the boards up
there in case you got it that's the real
Karma yeah okay
there we figured it out no but when
Casey is not smashing his spine across a
quarter pipe he is skateboarding and
doing very very good things out so
here's a little montage of Casey
actually landing tricks on a skateboard
in joy
there you guys go hope you guys like
that this is fall Friday I do hyper I
just review Falls and I usually try not
to do them in the warehouse that was
just too much of a fall it was too much
of a fall I had I had to review it
hope you guys dug that um if you want to
see Casey's channel I will link it right
down the info and then right here boom I
think no right here right there that
Casey's channel just popped up like that
and take it over to it he doesn't videos
all the time and he's good dude and he
has awesome content it works here he
also he's actually a lifesaver her
strength curves would never be the same
without him so Thank You Casey for all
that you do and you guys check his
channel out but I'm gonna go get none
other than him Casey himself for the hot
seat let's go
Casey hey you know dude good imagine a
little baby pine cones for Syria oh it's
yeah it's like a frosted mini-wheats but
I like those those are much better all
right Casey if you could rub anything
all over your body what would it be
gel on hospitals really yeah where would
you do that in my fridge yet
get your spinal cord better than what it
is right now you ride it you all right
that's my neck hurts my life earns yeah
you got you've got powerbombed you also
hit the one limited is a skateboard of
the wall I actually hit the board yeah
and Brian names like now we don't go to
switch him around so there go Brian yes
we do he's lucky that we have others of
this no no it's not your fault you don't
it means your backs fault
it's not your fault though I'm sad now I
would go sit down
yeah maybe have a pack ice do we have us
I mean
you
