what do you get friends coming out the
door like me like what warehouse
Wednesday I had no plans on words that I
was gonna say and they just kind of came
in is oh I know I got hit in the face of
the ball because you try to hit me in
the face well you'd be like kind of a
thing here like right here Oh Garrett
Garrett nips Garrett's up dude oh look
at it high-five
weird high-five yeah thank you a little
bit all right you got a challenge all
right you're gonna have to do five
tricks flipping in or out on the box all
right and you're how long's you gonna
have he's gonna have 30 minutes if he
gets it right every minute oh no I don't
know why I said that ten minutes ten
minutes to do five flip trick grind
combos in out in and out if you want to
go that way okay and if you do that you
don't get to go to in and out you get to
go to the Cheesecake Factory but you can
take your significant other there to
dine with luxury and cheesecake if you
do it if you don't Bryan Ames has to eat
raw coffee just the grains um anyways
you are here and you're building things
aren't warehouse yes so we're gonna make
you skate to the out ledge that's like
partially even put together screwed oh
man oh yes literally I stated in right
now how many tricks this is how he's
warming up by the way those are there
was the out ledge okay and there's a
bunch of crap on it and you have to do
four tricks on exactly how arena fought
for and then you're gonna have a mystery
mystery challenge and then you get to do
the set the flip trick combos next I'll
see Bryan said it way out of order so
okay you can go out of order sometimes
you lead with a big part in the new
working with you're just saying that cuz
you screwed up let's go inside hey Bryan
try to ice in there I try to ice skate
on this no support you you think it will
I was gonna do I was gonna I was gonna
do the full-on jump to commit imagine
having to sit in your boxers in it
because Bryan Ames decided to challenge
me to that last year's a long huh ah God
the warm-up is that the out ledge dude
good skate with everything on us yeah so
it looks like frontside is your option
and I'm sorry but you're gonna you gotta
grind those five yeah
towards work yeah Bobby if it moves from
the skating that's one thing you just
can't move anything just yet worried
about this invoice tearing this is gonna
don't fall on that no moving the power
tools either you didn't even move over
screw I don't know he did you hear
you're like he's rattled Ezri you just
like you were like shaking your jacket
three more to go what was that
no oh yeah do you hit a screw yeah
that's scary still right there - you got
it ready just power through it all right
well at least I got the keys out of the
way yeah making some food well you just
like cleared the path five Odin he's
gonna nose during the two tricks you
think he's gonna nose around it what's
your next trick I don't know
hahaha that was exciting dude okay look
I got snapchatting over there that's a
pretty good yeah I think you did make it
bigger oh you miss Haysom you did that
you missed it the first time he did not
successfully do it at all
we were wrong we thought you were gonna
it was kind of for your third trip oh
yeah I always yeah yeah not you thinking
well she knows got it no city Wow weird
he's a warmed up guy he is more going
out congratulations you have
successfully warmed up now your mystery
challenge is to go to KC and get him to
punch Brian okay where's my skateboard
I really hope Casey makes the most
mythology assay you know he's gonna do a
party tomorrow you can just talk me in
the face he's gonna the dumbest oh I
would hit you really hard to hold
shorter I wouldn't hate in the face I
hope he goes for vacation well well well
Casey oh you got an easy task here just
got a Porsche well it says yeah no worry
about it you know just kisses I hear you
got a punch Brian in the face actually
and you do the more money you know so
are you serious yeah you know way to
punch me in the face yeah
come on on your feet just do it yes hand
on his yard be ready good Karen made
that up to it we never Center nation I
was good yo you nailed it right okay no
no you oh my god a good thing I am sorry
impressed yeah I told you I am
thoroughly impressed to see them like
doing work for you yeah did you get the
stuff for you to keep going yeah all
right good thanks take back everything
I've ever said bad about Casey oh yeah
it did hurt if I'm okay like you're
perfect it hurt a lot but I'm good now
the real the real challenge begins so
yeah even though I feel like yeah I feel
like Casey deserves the gift card now by
Joe my dog I'm sure it does you're gonna
be sore tomorrow
I wish you would have caught it would
have been better at well you know if you
wouldn't by your jaw
it just rocked my job and hold y'all
this one like that if that we really got
a little higher and hit me the head it
would have actually it would have hurt
less he could have been more damaging
maybe hi I need your science book come
on ten minutes five flip info about
doesn't matter how simple yeah there's
got to flip into a grinder slide or out
of it but rolling I'm gonna
my calculator was that it now he didn't
lock in he just came up the road he like
kickflip rivaled again I want to save my
jaw hurts want to eat this because I
haven't tried to look that hurts all son
of a I'm gonna that's one
all right I really hope he has trouble
with the other ones he's got it's been a
minute you got nine minutes to do three
tricks hit boom front side nose slide
oh these are weird if you haven't done
one in a while the face of the
facepuncher for the minds of snap 5
minutes and 56 seconds guys alright
least you're still past the point
get out of here four minutes
see this shirt who do you think sends me
Braille did this message
I was it pays you got two minutes and 50
seconds of them
he's got hitting the Wiener it was got
Wiener time oh my gosh ah he's gonna get
it down to the buzzer and he's gonna
nail them all
two and a half minutes whoo there's one
he's done three skateboarding tricks two
more does really good - that was really
good look at my hand
141 36
Wow that was good I was literally
getting it 12 minute 12 seconds one more
trick ah
you could have slop in it I was over we
got to spots it face pointer over here
it was like literally like like this
much away you didn't see let's go watch
Brian eCopy well at least there's a pro
to not not finishing it I did fail you
made up for though that's good it's a
darn good episode regardless are you
ready
I can't be able to chew I think so
that's what that's punishment we get me
punch you and then a force you to chew
it's funny how this is becoming like a
thing and where else Wednesday like come
over here like well this is about to get
into go donut lovers French vanilla
Jamaican Blue Mountain oh yeah this
Jamaican eat Jamaica
yeah I've been to Jamaica actually this
guy asked you how much were you here
snowflake I got a little snack for you
and he falls in the shark someone better
know what I'm talking about
yeah feed it to me yeah yes do the
airplane it's good coming in open why
Olli I'm falling Wow you'd be a good
friend you Hut you caught me immediately
you spoonful oh this is not Brian Ames
episode actually I mean oh my G to
forget boy yeah yeah you just put in
your mouth we'll see how it goes
don't look it up good that is it Bridget
weird it has got to be dude you're gonna
be jamming in a second here even in here
now it's like a dip if you don't breathe
it in
I mean what's happening right now have
you guys ever heard of mud it's what
like bodybuilders use and it's like
you're doing what I say you do every
morning he hasn't always talked he final
talk just been like two minutes see it a
student really does before it's um it
sucks it's strong it's gone and it's
very strong is it just coating your
mouth all right I'm like brewing coffee
in my mouth out
right well Garrett we'll have you back
to read em redeem yourself yeah but
thank you you've caused this guy a lot
of trauma today at least I did there
enough special neck left open up
yeah
how has it never happened before I don't
know alright go to the - that's
completely natural that was real that's
sucked
