make sure your feet are really spread
out you got it oh oh you all right
spread your feet out dude that is so
terrifying
you're right ow it sounded like it did
oh my gosh that is incredible dude that
was it oh you're right you totally suck
the heads yeah oh you okay no no don't
push it
what how did you try that you like got
done pushing like a foot before them for
the rail
Ceremony old disney belly smacker i love
you
welcome to IHOP people can get all your
pancakes and breadsticks and breadsticks
do you have any idea how much this
fountain with frustrated cats it stopped
at first days me now right in are you
trying to new stunts
alright let's see you
you need to do it
oh that was good dude get on your feet
get on your feet dude
you too but what is up guys that was a
random montage featuring a lot of roham
skateboarding which you've been doing a
lot of recently haven't you yeah and
those two tricks I was so proud that he
just started really trying we were there
with my nephew his cousin and I was just
casually hanging out and then he just
started trying those tricks I've never
even told him to try to hit me jump have
you ever been seen anyone do that trick
before wow you have yeah oh you have
seen me do it okay well but I didn't I
didn't show you how to do it you just
started trying it that was so awesome
dude yeah this is like a random clip
video I haven't done one of these in a
little while I hope you guys enjoyed it
I'm just making this longer I don't have
a pocket right there we just made some
revive yeah you knew about that when you
were there
put it on you did not oh yeah you wore
it okay but just made this little video
a little longer I'm gonna give him a
little interview okay what is your
favorite color red it changes all the
time yeah okay what's your all-time
favorite color yeah okay red not
surprising when he's older he'll
probably have a different answer what is
your favorite movie of all time
Peter Peter Rabbit he just saw it
usually when he sees a new movie that's
his favorite movie cuz the last Jedi was
when you saw last Jedi what's your
favorite TV show
no goosebumps that one he said for a
long time it's a good show yeah did you
think it's Carrie and now but one of
them like the headless ghost that
holiness had in fact was that creepy Wow
what's your favorite YouTube thing to
watch love's funnel vision what is your
favorite toy ever
that would be Hatteberg Pecha moles okay
well I don't know that alright we had to
switch this up because my leg was
falling asleep
all right what is your favorite thing to
do ever watch TV right with other than
go to the water park go to the water
park I think you meant like that hell no
just in general if you do anything right
now over be Cordy girls like pink jump
off a cliff onto my skateboard you want
to skate at Great Wolf Lodge no you jump
oh I jump off the Grand Canyon aren't
you like a plug Wow okay I don't think
they let you bring a skateboarder okay
you are a there's a skateboarding
attitude right there buddy what is your
favorite type of animal I'm top frog I
think you've always said that no I fall
then both logged in I like playing the
color front is that your ultimate frog
cool don't touch those by the way those
are usually poisonous I couldn't okay
good alright last question what is your
favorite game like a board game Clue
Chloe he said cuts this year that Star
Wars
I remember we have that yeah we played
that one sounds cool all right there you
go thanks for the little questionnaire
so there you guys go
I hope you guys enjoyed the video today
with the new warehouse Wednesday
tomorrow he actually came in he had a
snow day randomly he has it he's
actually in it too but I do buddy's here
all the time I do videos with him about
once a week sometimes more you just show
up randomly and ball but life style
skateboarding just remember I think is
entertaining and fun so if you want to
see more just hit the subscribe button
right below the video you were signed up
to see more it's free it's easy I think
it is yeah but that's it I hope you guys
have a great day go skateboard if you
can if you can't maybe no okay that's
terrible it's been it's a terrible vice
you wouldn't live you wouldn't survive
sour patch kids are I'll give you that
yeah
twisters are so okay
what a weird favorite
ah lasers Twitter's or lasers I'd be
psyched
I'm gonna go bye-bye yes
I will not be here next Friday
you
