YouTube what's up guys so once upon a
time I did a Star Wars quiz but this guy
where I had him answer a bunch of things
to be got it right he got to make me eat
something very strange he got to pick it
out so we're doing that again
okay yeah we're doing a superhero quiz
so I have 15 questions here for ridin
and if you get 10 of them right we're
gonna go downstairs and we don't have
any brand I was gonna last ate a
sandwich now you're gonna have a cracker
and you get to put three ingredients of
anything in the kitchen on top of it and
it's gonna be super weird and gross I
imagine you might make something
delicious last time it wasn't that bad
we'll figure it out but if you do not
get the tendon right out of 15 I'm gonna
make you eat something are you ready to
do this yeah all right but the Star Wars
quiz we had been watching a lot of Star
Wars and talking about Star Wars in
general but he's not that trained up on
superheroes as well as he was Star Wars
so you might not do as well on this but
we'll see you okay all right number one
this is pretty obscure for number one
okay name a superhero or villain that
uses a whip as a weapon Catwoman
that's really good if you could read
everything on this page I would accuse
you of cheating I watched I don't have
answers so that's good yeah are you
ready to the next one or should that
tickle you okay I won't go over here as
one that's one for you what superhero
throws a shield as a weapon ah what you
got well you got the whip but you're not
the a shield it's it's like your
favorite superhero
yeah literally had the toy its shiver to
think about it a shield Captain America
Thank You Captain America that's two you
just had to run around in circles to get
it didn't you number three what's the
most well-known
hero that can run fast Wow yeah you
yelled that the flash
maybe these are way too easy aren't they
he's got three good oh yeah this one's a
little harder number number four what is
the iconic color of Hulk's shorts blah I
was I was thinking you were gonna get
that one cuz all you've seen is the
movies which I don't know if there might
be purple movies all right here's
another easy one you got four what does
spider-man shoot just guess then what a
spider-man shoot you're like that web
okay you're rockin this these are way
too easy
alright number six what superhero is
Tony Stark
you don't what super here is Tony Stark
I'm an Iron Man number six alright guys
and he just nails all of these I'm gonna
go really hard on the next quiz I
promise six who is Batman's arch nemesis
I'd never get after that well then guess
who's the who's that it was the main bad
guy Batman
you're all the Joker okay every single
one you act as if it's harder then
you're like oh this okay so that's seven
question eight is who is the most well
known superhero that can fly black widow
wrong black widow doesn't fly Superman
Superman totally the most iconic flying
superhero all right it got one wrong
filing one wrong seven right let's go on
to question nine name one x-men I don't
think he's ever seen anything on x-men
so you might not know well then guess
the next men Sharky Sharky does that
count
you said Wolverine Professor X Cyclops
rogue Jean Grey we'll get to x-men
eventually buddy alright so two wrong
seven right you gotta get three more to
get this question number ten what hero
has a butler named Alfred you don't know
about Alfred well then guess what
superhero has a butler named out for get
back every superheros a but what
superhero has a butler named Alfred so
you see you give up you give up that
question I don't even know if you're
talking a butler like someone that helps
and it lives in them named Alfred I
didn't know
Batman Batman and Alfred he's the guy
cuz Batman lost his parents as a kid
Alfred took care of him you know that
blast no they didn't take care of flash
so three wrong seven right you still
need three okay number eleven who is
Loki's brother Oh who's Loki's brother
ya know wrong Thor baby you won't do
this maybe you're gonna be the one
eating weird food that's four wrong
seven right let's keep it going
alright this is one of my favorite
heroes actually if I can get back to it
number 13 what is this is way too easy
what is green arrows choice of weapon
it's a it what's his name green arrow
what's his what his weapon does he use
bow and arrow the green arrow which he's
seen the green arrow a little bit here
and there nothing crazy but you do it
good job get oh that was question 12 I'm
crazy so you've got three more you have
to get two of them right
what is that you just slit your face
across the carpet now Ted question 13 is
Superman an alien or a human human wrong
he's an alien that's how he has the
powers
cuz the Sun all right number 14 you have
to get the next two questions right you
understand that right what's
spider-man's real name be a particle
that was pretty good
that's ci9 I think you got it then
because I think you know the next
question name a female a girl Avenger
Black Widow
that was good that was intense I thought
that I thought that I had you for a
second there I can make superbee yeah I
get to get me something weird look at
this guy
alright let's get out of the kitchen
come on I'm a I'm a dad of my word oh
damn
let me see it again jump over the stair
look at my red socks right okay don't
fall down those stairs yeah that was
awesome buddy you're gonna make me
something weird all right let me get a
cracker
I think of some really dumb things for
myself here's the cracker ride you get
to put three things on it okay mustard
is that your first one okay
mustard I think we might have okay
that's fine
then sprinkles yeah bet they're good I
do you need one more thing and cayenne
pepper my gosh yeah I know I know
thank you that's exactly however done
this is not going to be awesome
what what it's gonna be hot too cuz
cayenne pepper actually makes them heat
happen yeah sure you should try some of
the mustard and sprinkles no I'm not
evil egg muffin right there it is hey
hey just put your finger on that pepper
and taste it ha ha ha I'll get you water
come here was that hot
hmm see you only need to buy now is it
hot you want more ah let's get some more
for you ah here we are
are you ready for this beer is Winkle
done
okay it just tastes like a bunch of
mustard hot mustard
I'm glad you're not that mad oh all
right well no kind of ever is in me the
best is one it could've been worse I
thought was gonna be worse here you
won't bite try mine yeah just try by
trauma
come here try by Gallup account what
you'll try by oh my gosh okay wait okay
don't jump off together
is it hot talk about it talk about it
but you're a sham it's just not going
away yeah you like it offering cheap are
you ready to keep doing the video ah I
love you you're a trouper buddy would
you like a mom I don't think mom would
like that but thank you guys for
watching the video I do videos here
every single day and then I do a lot
with this guy I don't think mom will eat
that but we'll see but yeah right and
say thanks watching our video thank you
and I'll think of something new for the
next quiz and oh my gosh my stomach does
not feel good for me now okay peace out
guys
I take quiz like break we have a a
goodie quiz like that okay you have a
beautiful mind buddy I love you
everything kay bye bye and don't hang on
that
oh right in here open your mouth I'm
just gonna pour this in come on come on
you
