this is supposed to be a carpet game of
skate but Casey is rip stickings
necessary papers folder that's in here
YouTube what's up guys we're doing a
carpet board game escape this is the
first one I've ever done my channel cuz
I'm terrible at it I'm good
you're still gonna beat me but I'm glad
that I'm not gonna give Sam Taylor he
made me playing so he's really good but
we're gonna do it first thing first we
need some actual carpet we have the
board we need the carpet so let's walk
over there I said walk and he's jogging
backwards you got a small one so bad I
was the other person Easter basket come
Easter okay for that no yeah the losers
aren't the loser okay alright doesn't
the stakes yeah two three that's a
pretty one okay thanks Casey goes first
how was that it was punching and I have
some mouth issues right now so he
punched me out cry yes if I miss this
you do it how I do it you start off with
the basics I was scared that I was gonna
miss that you're just a shove it
alright you only need to step it up
you're bad at this it went straight it
inward it's because he called me out on
I was like fine first super saying on
alright
so bad I'm gonna crush KC into oblivion
I'm gonna get an Easter basket
so I doubted myself Knight landed on
don't doubt yourself handy
you don't need to doubt yourself that
was good there's my imitation of a
skateboard being deconstructed oh my god
dos amigo did the flip bag I'm gonna go
with the old classic three show I get to
go how did I miss that but I nailed a
varial flip first driver switch he'll
terribly I had to do this swimmer to
sail on board and the Thomas one foot
came off yeah the Thomas swimmer that
happened to be part of the Seas mode and
then we need a totally bad new over
again
card boarding hurts my mouth and your
soul it might so many things hurt my
soul pretty good all right if I land
this I'm gonna go and even buy you a big
case of Oreos that wasn't the worst
attempt I do have you ever danced are
you doing a switch it switch fakie all
right it's that cold over there so
direct stock man it doesn't count I told
it to yeah it was pretty good though I
mean it was sloppy yeah we'll keep we'll
take that take that we're about to be
tied Casey yet sucks yeah any idea how I
looked and how at least I felt I
literally felt like I was going like
this terrible feeling princess dance
yeah what a switch heelflip is attack
our board of princess danger flips
switch Marie said that he was bad he's
trying like a crazy that I said I was
bad at kick flips and all I've ever done
my channel cuz I'm terrible at it
I'm terrible all right big spin okay big
spin the game of nothing at this point
toejam and earl don't ever play that
game rules
now before counting if you didn't step
off he was kind of buddy gosh it was
good what's better
perfect Big Ben
big spin wasn't that big but it was a
big spender ha ha he's at 3 I tried
pulling away stuck on the carpet oh I
got one back set flip his face in the
camera is not a good thing
no I'm fine with his face in general
understand it's in them it's in their
inner no way like I caught it with my
foot under the board so I get to kill
you now yeah you get one trick well I
need to do my trick
ok ok there's a new trick switch varial
no one's ever done that it's gonna
happen though Casey I sweat on my arms
have to move how do I miss the flip
Batman was a back footed board kick well
you know what I'm gonna do a garrote
you set up for so long
well you know when you skate like a
cowboy you got to do some stuff not even
make it up load up horse riding montage
of me literally riding a horse like oh
this makes sense now I get why Andy
looks like that so dumb ma not moving
no no nollie on trampoline no dolly on
carpet guarantee you got me comments on
there and comment away can't move
underneath bacon I was about to ask you
if he's land of that before they just
did it have you done it before
yeah that's amazing I know how would you
ever do that on a carpet board was it
Tina Tina that's not fun I thought was
gonna win
sorry so good I did it I can't believe I
did it Brian I just a switch varial flip
graduate I would feel cool but Pacey did
a switch frontside he'll flip before
now back to Casey losing one more shot
this is the internet mine says I've
never used one before no warning he's
actually kind of good but just fall
don't fall doesn't mean you're good all
right if he lands this it keeps going up
he misses I win and I get use Dreskin I
did it I'm the proud owner of an Easter
basket
Casey you did really good go set a
reminder you did the best trick in the
beginning remind me on Easter to get
Andy a basket it might remind me on
Tuesday to get ready about it has what
Syria yeah you'll figure it out thank
you to this dude for doing it he has a
youtube channel where he does YouTube
videos where there's YouTube
entertaining so it's right here it just
popped up okay that thing floating above
me that was just there click it and then
it's down the info as well thank you
dude
now I actually pulled him away from work
I gotta go back to work
so let me try it one more time all right
yeah let's get ready ready Brian we get
to the end of video let's just cut back
to Brian falling because that was
now now people now people rip the sheets
off the table what's that thing called
like the mattress river to go yeah what
does that call it there's no name for it
yeah just hey what's the thing on the
table oh I think wow okay the tablecloth
I'm gonna this is kind of in that same
wash how cool I am okay well that was
the dumbest conversation leading to the
dumbest thing
