YouTube what's up guys I already did a
skate set up this this season I didn't
already date bored when she's in my
office so I'm making Brian Eames through
the winter setup this is Brian Ames -
bass
he has a body to use and put any other a
skateboard and he's gonna skateboard on
it he's gonna tell you about what he's
skating on and these games we're gonna
skip work together on it I've never
skated Johnny's boards I almost ate one
in turn what we're gonna skate board
together on it is where you're saying
escape put together in this room it's
gonna be fun and you're gonna be ottoman
I'm gonna get you're gonna be on it
let's not make Brian Levin idiot you
have to click that point Brian tell me a
little bit what boy your setup wait I go
nose hair is it nervous cated Johnny's
bored before some stage on it's more as
a Cerberus Johnny guy your net is I like
this more that's my favorite one out of
the Netherlands years I think I'm all
but this one is this was pretty good
I like em all but I like this the best
pretty good morning thank you going all
we want to know Matt alone actually be
truck what you're gonna be like guys
what do I want to know
camera five white balls we're near those
get your trucks on I get Doug's shark
wheels I like this I like shorts set
more sharks got berries what's getting
right now Bronson G three bearings
trucks trucks trucks one put it together
where's your schedule I told her
boom why you gonna help me start I'm
gonna get you going appreciate what were
you afraid of what you were a kid oh
yeah uh these bees what do bees what is
that the person that pops your head yeah
okay what were you afraid of now as an
adult ah confined spaces Heights failure
fear she ever snuck in refrigerator
falling off a cliff you and I was
calling you saying the company's over
all the ones right have a peg we more be
a dive before here the ground oh here I
need the front truck you're the front
truck so it's got an F Obama it's good
Doug Doug Doug told me man he's like you
to put that up on the front truck and
he'll never realize your words today are
just amazing about worse they are
amazing Oh riding it is really
where's lesson you're noticed in public
dude in a while I'm in a lot it's been a
while things because my Peters a little
bit shorter than normally is yeah you
train much and I normally not wearing
the Ritz head outside that munchers I
got noticed at Target that's what I was
about Seth I was a targeted a target and
I was in the aisle and these teenage
girls were talking and I started looking
at this Star Wars toy or something of
course they just suddenly stopped
talking like you should abruptly and I
heard him whispering and I like looked
over and they were just looking right at
me and I was like I'm gonna go look at
something else because if someone
doesn't say what hi I know you it's
weird how was that I was at a different
target the West Hudson tonight last
night and my wife got recognized like
four times only because she's a
schoolteacher too like virus - yes - you
everything I need your ticket I'm trying
to make your life better
are you putting new barrington Oh No so
I did you do nice pants ah what was your
most embarrassing moment as a kid like
not too crazy I don't want to hear you
about you like I don't know I honestly
can't think of in your pants
I can't think about superburger poop
your pants no I haven't haven't either
privately the first time meeting Aaron
Cairo roughing one that was Wow you'll
remember it well it's kind of weird
meeting someone that you know on YouTube
is different any less I don't remember
meeting Aaron for the very first time is
everything San Francisco so I just get
you want
they're actually a problem one little
part with the flat bar and the bar cats
that might have been where I met him our
mouths I remember that clearly Wow skate
it was the most normal day ever I just
skated with it when we filmed and yeah
simpler times
amateur code I need you drink it he
needs a truck and just sets it down
immediately you know what as far as the
things going blown up online and like
guitars you know I'm not anemic I'm not
tired seeing the dude punch the kangaroo
shit he's under start the star openness
of the kangaroo what are you a
skateboard always takes way longer than
you think it would it does or it takes
me longer that you want it to I have
really good willpower where comes the
food that bag of beef jerky I just got a
bag of beef jerky
salty jerky pretty good it is so good
it's really I'm like right now I want to
go eat it I'm gonna skate extra hard
right now so I get some exercise from
that have you ever had something so good
you throw it away because you eat it yes
I do that like bags of candy I've done
that sorry anonymous like Indian
leftover I know I'll go home and eat it
all you give me like ups like I've done
this big a bowl of popcorn I'll you
Doug's shark wheels yeah really excited
on pop oh I went to the dentist again
they gave me this thing and hope was
gonna fix my face I don't think anything
could fix that sucks I've had a pain in
my face for over a week now get in there
we're getting there if you're gonna mess
your Kimmel test up dude
I think I've been thinking about that
flush like 15 minutes why we should make
like a instead of like a careful tehsil
to be like a back tail to handrail test
that'll go well John : maybe I mean
eventually he would like you did it
every time you know did the kangaroo
like it had no idea what it just
happened I know it's just like really
you just punch me and then I have an
original video they
what is slow motion is like
crystal-clear quality it's been the
kangaroo punch back or kick or wasn't
dunno it just it doesn't it just doesn't
understand what happened eventually it
runs away
you haven't you see the hole please
watch the hole the original video is
amazing so you solve that determind here
your dear story it did actually Brian is
punched a deer in the face one question
here in the face not your fault it was
like an ad today it was an instant deers
there man you're very pleasurable
there's a whole youtube video about it
Prabhakar walked over here for there is
deer the window is down a deer with
right just running next to it you
instinctively punch him in the face I
didn't like punch in the face I punch it
like the nose like the snap or deer
that's like never done it is labeled
deer snout it was a bit surprised dude
sure was right away immediately wasn't
like take time right away that's being
confused deer they got punched by
bryony's alright County Tiger of
mythical skateboard crux trucks brought
some g3 bearings the red light bolts
doves shark wheels 52 millimeter in my
decks in 8.00 and Jessa Jason grip tape
capable test
you'll see
watch it so
anything about the skateboard it's just
things you'd into Brian's head like the
driving test at freaky out all right
you're my dude
that's the only line I've ever seen him
do house
okay all right today
like baking ever ever
didn't mean to do it gosh should I have
good
there you guys go
that was Brian Ames winter skateboard
setup you did pretty good dude I like
your double flip I like how it flipped
and then you landed on it happy that I
did it could've been a battle dude
you're tired vampire I was starting to
but not started this guy I gotta go have
a new mouth thank you guys for watching
I do videos here every single day so hit
the subscribe but if you want to see
more from me and I'll see you tomorrow
I'll smash my hand off my body
skateboard by Johnny Geiger and you guys
Johnny just watch this video that's who
I was talking
