I'm going to throw my gun next to the
man okay I've got a box ridin ridin come
here I miss your face my name's head
grad wait what are you doing under the
trampoline I've got a box guys we're
about to do a photo shoot for panic
attack the new clothing company I don't
know when this goes up this might
actually be the announcement video
coming out right now
yeah coming up right now right now is
when we just released a new clothing
line oh it's a kid's clothing line but
we're also going to make adult sizes
they're really just weird crazy graphics
that we cope with ideas and then JP
Cooper drawl something makes you look
awesome
so we're just launching this and right
now we're doing a bait where you can get
the baby oh you're so much order now are
you one good re the baby can hang out
with us remember there we go so we're
doing a limited edition first run with
four shirts and right now shooting some
photos all right for some promos don't
hate gonna don't do that okay all his
equipment buddy you gotta stay away and
it just so happens that I want to put
shoes my feet and I just don't box from
hands so before I do any of that pan
connect stuff I'm gonna open up this box
and see what often this is easy hey I
didn't I don't have keys and we need to
open this so could you find me something
in your player I'll get a finger board
to work give you a finger board it's a
perfect one you've literally got me like
a knife shaped technic look at it thank
you Darth Vader imessage Kelly cards go
today and I was like dude I want some
red shoes to wear five days later they
show up my doorstep
jumpin opera this to me creative it just
wasn't meant for me at all there's a hat
this is FP insoles great it is this is
not my I think it's your mess
I told you idiot it's a pencil sole tech
distributed thank you a pencils no no
they don't
why is this essay it says it says it
says footprint in soul technology so I
just read the last half oh my gosh so
we're doing it unboxing crappy insoles
this is awesome I wish I was excited
about this don't don't let me be
confused for you oh this any socks oh my
gosh would you like cushion socks
this is amazing but you know so yeah
they're very there's sugar
I haven't seasons got hit in the shin
yesterday so that worked they're called
knee high painkillers this is awesome
these are boxers dude yeah I'm not gonna
wear these on my chest nobody's on my
butt I got the boxers that's a person
many one's ever given me boxers other
than girlfriends and white oh my gosh
pants pants right in rub you're just
running around like a madman skate pants
really great why would I go to jail is
way too much energy right now Chino we
got four pairs of pants so yeah I think
they're just oh these are like blue
babies and black and blue dude they
hooked it up more pants more shin
protectors and then we got some actual
insoles so this is the Kevin robe are I
absorb sup to 95 percent impact energy
this is a brand of evil thank you
these are just more how do they look
really cool I got a kid on me kid fella
I asked on trippy I like the colors
sweet and Reynolds the dude himself heck
yes
hi now I have stuff to wear tomorrow bye
do laundry I didn't now Ryan you like
his head
this is a most Thomas hour has hat in
the world I will not be putting on shoes
but I will be wearing this stuff
tomorrow and uh I will film some of the
panky attack stuff and then this vlog
will continue so I just want to say a
huge thank you to Nick and FP insoles
you guys are the best
I would definitely be featuring this
gear in future videos so watch out for
it maybe Haven in here hey wait maybe we
don't know don't attack me or YouTube
let us see you shirt that's the toreano
dawg
no one wants to see me on film if they
have the option of me and you it's it's
gonna be you are ya
all right I might let you take photos if
query here's who's fake punching
yourself in the face there yet that's my
child yep
don't punch yourself in the face I'm
serious take your paper stick work no
too much hurry this way this way
we're day pre-k all right now be cute
taco machine shirt look at that
it's the greatest thing in the world you
know it's called yeah if it's a cat
burger right how's your face oh that's
your face you guys gonna play good bye
this is it all the ones we got what's up
guys so yes I was good I told you I was
gonna continue this vlog and I am I'm
here I actually got an idea I apologize
for my messy office I don't have any
time in my life to clean anything but
weari upped on Nerf darts so we're gonna
be doing some Nerf darts shooting at us
while we skateboard today so that'll be
fun I'm gonna go in there and do that
but do you want to say a second to say
this Michael Lindsey thank you so much
for the awesome kind words on your
recent order
we appreciate you across the ocean
serving our country so that is it
Michael Lindsey you were the best
enjoy your skateboard when you get back
to Texas
oh my gosh I finally got it out
you're right for your head dude
that could have been bad sorry kind of
bad you hit me in the head no good
that's Australia work for your head oh I
was trying to aim right here and I got
dangerously Chris I know well that's
good but it's too close okay go away I
like your face go away are you gonna be
involved in this or you got work to do
we're gonna shoot Nerf darts each other
while we skate yeah all right we'll come
on you can test it out yeah now when
when you hoodie it's really not bad oh I
wish I could eat all of this are you
feeling that good head hit me right in
the jaw like it in the bat tooth no ID
on the good side so you're already I got
a bunch of nerf guns we're gonna shoot
each other always skate these things are
for the big gun that's a big one but all
they're all good for all those guns
Brian
god forbid you shave your beard you'll
said words you trimmed it up and your
words were son only crap you still
totally had a beard and people are
flipping out my beard has been this
short two or three times in your videos
over the years pianist at work but this
time weird coal boy right now saying let
Brian Eames have a life let me just say
that if I really came over to trim my
beard there's a good reason for me to
trim my beard nobody means but that is
his wife asked them to trim it he said
yes that must be mine all right Gary you
want to do a three flipping a shop on
record right there I'm gonna do this one
what do you need to do ship a ski shop
dude we're done skating hey hey yep grab
a nerf gun saver
Casey actually already called that okay
whoa no face shots no darts eyeballs no
one no one shot I was sure I was trying
to like do the after no oh wow
dude I almost hit him in the face hit
him in the head I hit you in the arm pit
go Andy Chirac I think did someone get
me in the nipple
hey that is distracting one I'm feel
weird about doing a Novak lift without
warming up very weird free time Casey
you're up I need a blaster what was your
escape trick of choice thinking man okay
okay
we nose knows no shelf you're eating
your own words
they got you yeah is this one that I was
worried about I'm gonna throw my gun
next to the mantel
oh yeah God uh he goes dude I swear I
ate your crotch I was good dude yeah
sabers up Casey gets your revenge now
all right
oh look at me
then one doesn't lay it is one forget
the gosh now I'm gonna do the ender
then what is real tricks yeah with it I
want a front board the rail mmm this is
gonna suck chapstick oh wait wait Oh
warm did you film the boardslide no okay
I went over the boardslide and I have to
say this thing forever I really hope
that I do this first try did anyone hit
him I had I was gonna I'm so happy I did
it good job well that was fun we're just
gonna do some normal skateboarding right
now
thank you very solid
haha
I was good for a second
tom is on fire today
get over here dude that was terrific man
good it's good learn new things I'm
gonna play it on the LCD screens you can
see it and everyone else on YouTube they
already saw there he saw the first
Thomas destroy dead thing I don't even
know he was skating with us today but I
think guys for watching our high jinks
about the pancake attack stuff if it's
still up and available it'll be in a
link down below but if you want to see
all about it I'll link the toy turbo toy
time video you just click that right
there you get to go to the turbo toy
somebody where we tell you all about it
but thanks guys I'll see you guys
tomorrow cause you've videos every
single day
are you feeling that good I'd hit me
right in the jaw like just in the bat
tooth no yeah I got on the good side so
you're already made some a few Franco it
did sell yeah but it was not a
refreshing all it was like a oh it
didn't is it not in the thing but when I
got hit in the jaw am I immediately
thought it was not good and then I
realized so it was kind of refreshing I
guess
