we ever lift deodorant okay which is
kind of gross cuz that goes my armpit
but I'm gonna no I'm gonna do at the end
of the video okay I need a second to
work my way up to this I'm gonna do it
at the other video but that was a weird
way to started what's up guys sometimes
not sharing these videos on there just
kind of grab something I'm like I'm
gonna use this and apparently my
deodorant was right there let's stop
talking about you get about dehydrated
for now how about that oh yeah and I'm
gonna pause this update video to realize
that I did not write the letter R right
here so no one no one named but flies
but butterflies would be kind of weird
but YouTube what is up guys it is update
video time so some things are happening
right now especially something huge
tomorrow so I had to do an update video
and tell you guys some important details
but first I'm gonna talk about my life
and what's going on it's December and
anyone any of you guys who listen to me
know that December is the craziest month
of the year for me a hand is moving it's
movin
ooh Instagram says the people viewed my
video 21,000 times
everyone who viewed that video thank you
but yeah December is crazy it is so
crazy because the companies are just a
new level of ridiculousness and the
weather outside does not let me film
outside so I'm stuck in Shrek quarters
or my house filming video is like every
day and it's kind of tough especially
when it's dark at like 5 o'clock it's
terrible well on top of that I have a
new dilemma and that is my mouth okay
you've probably heard me complain about
my mouth or teeth and then a few videos
but it has been terrible for a week and
a half mouth pain and finger pain and
toe pain that's not a toe but I'm gonna
point out it anyway are the worst thing
in the entire world gosh they're so bad
and for a week and a half it's been
terrible I've been to the dentist twice
and I guess supposedly I'm like so
stressed that I'm biting down in the
middle of the night not grinding if I
just mention this anyone they're like oh
you're grinding everybody thinks that
I'm grinding and I had to say this needs
a video I'm not I'm not grinding my D
but I'm fighting down alright okay maybe
I'm thinking about a taco in the middle
of night or something I don't know but
apparently I'm through stress and I'm
biting down and it's like freaking me
out the muscles on the right side of my
face and there's just like this crazy
effect that's been having and leave me
in pain for half of the day which means
I can't work half the time I can't enjoy
family time and it's awful last night
was probably the most painful night of
my life like it was just so bad so I'm
waiting for this new mouthpiece thing to
start helping me in life I also have
which this is not tobacco or gel but I
would be dead right now if it wasn't for
this so thank you or gel it's funny
though because I played about in one
video and I got a comment this is why
don't you act like a real adult and go
to the dentist and I was like what makes
someone think just because I didn't say
I'm going to the dentist means that I
wouldn't go to the dentist and take care
of myself
people won't mine are funny ok there's
always think that like you're not
thinking of something and like there's
no way you're intelligent gonna be like
believe it or not I don't mention that I
had put gas in my car but I put gas my
car it keeps going but one thing I want
to remind you guys about is that I wrote
a book this is Christmas time I saw like
like there's a spin of spike in sales on
Amazon of my book and I just wanted a
little reminder yeah I totally wrote a
book or at least it a few years back and
it's all about my time growing up
skateboarding it's like a little
fictionalized twist
it's like mostly true names are changed
but it's heavy on skateboarding feeling
different in life like growing up
feeling like you're not like anyone else
and then girls and stuff two girls are
girls are a thing yesterday race you can
just go to Andy Stratcom or yesterday
race calm all that information way down
there or just your local Amazon
especially international people you can
get it on your local Amazon so boo there
you go and I am currently writing the
sequel it was supposed to come up this
year but with take over the world being
such a huge project I've decided to just
focus on take a little or get it out and
then next year after that it'll that'll
be my focus is to get my sequel to that
book so hang in there everyone that has
ever said kind words and asking about
the sequel thank you very much it will
come out I promise just give me a sec
okay I'm so busy I'm sorry I'm gonna
keep telling you it's coming because it
is yeah but so again that's happening
right now that is very exciting is that
I have a new brand / company coming out
tonight
at midnight I think Bryan name let's
call Bryan hey you're thinking midnight
for the new company midnight midnight
okay I just want to verify filming video
okay so boom yeah midnight tonight at
midnight Eastern Standard Time when the
clock strikes over to Saturday we are
releasing a new kind of children's brand
okay like JP Coover is a master of what
he does and he used to design a lot of
toddler clothes and Wow hi Brian we all
got the idea I was like why don't we
just do our oven so Brian JP Cooper and
I all started something called pancake
Tagg it's just a bunch of goofy ideas
that JP redraws into awesome little
cartoons for shirts we're making them
for little dudes like little youth sizes
and stuff but we're also going to make
them for like adult sizes so if you dig
your graphic you'll still be able to get
it we're doing a limited edition first
run and every person that gets a shirt
will get a free pancake attack frisbee
and tattoo and I'll do a video over on
turbo toy time which all the links down
there also what you'll kind of give you
a little like rundown of all the shirts
and stuff so you guys can see it all but
here's a sneak peek of one of my
favorites this was my idea this is
called the cat burger uh serves a lot of
funny ideas then JP is wonderful what he
does so I set me up tonight at midnight
if you want to get one of the first
shirts ever
it'll be pancake - attack.com and yeah
and midnight tonight they are gonna go
fast we had to get a lot of sizes
because we didn't know what is gonna
sell most so if you want one of these I
would jump on it because we do not have
a lot in stock we were being very
cautious with this because we have no
idea how it's gonna sell so if it does
sell fast which it might it could go
immediately so who knows so I would jump
on it if you really want one of these
but check it out I'll put a link to
turbo joy time right here and you go
over there and there will be a little
video talking about all the shirts and
stuff so so I'm super excited to
announce that we've been talking about
this all year and I'm just able to take
tell it to you guys and bring it to the
light of day and then also there is
another new company in the skateboarding
world but that is a little slower
because you got to design some graphics
and actually get this stuff made I'm not
gonna tell you what it is just yet but
it does it exist in the skateboarding
world and we have a lot of towns and
people involved in the project so that
will be unveiled a little bit early next
year come January or February you'll
have some more info so tune in for that
in the meantime reviving for us are
still here and still rockin the winter
line went awesome thank you guys so much
for all your support revived has a new
wheeler avenge coming out on Christmas
Day which I'm somehow going to film I
have no idea how I'm gonna do it but I'm
gonna get it done and and then force
we're gonna do a tour video next year so
you actually get a DVD slash digital
download force tour video it'll be
wanting to be done by me I'm not even
gonna be the videographer behind it I'll
probably sit in on the end
what not but it's gonna be really cool
so uh that'll be exciting because force
has never actually done anything
concerning videos and stuff so I'm
really excited for that big things are
always happening and I just want to
thank you guys for watching all the
videos and being the reason we make all
this stuff it's pretty awesome and I'm
not gonna stop thinking in so I know I
sound like a broken record talking about
a broken record at this point but that's
me sorry hear us hear how I said sorry
sure so but I see that look on your face
James in Michigan alright yeah you're
like Andy I you're talking about
companies and all this stuff that's
happening that you've created your life
I want to hear about something dumb
you've done and I've got just a story
for you I always do this in these videos
where I talk about embarrassing moments
in my life and I have one and then I
don't think I've told you guys it's kind
of hard to come up with these like I
guess I've only done so many stupid
things in my life which I haven't ran
out yeah so maybe I've done too many
stupid things but one time I was at my
friend's graduation party and I were
playing softball I think was softball I
don't know why we were playing softball
there was baseball either way I was
hitting a ball with a bat
alright and I hit this ball and I don't
know why we were hitting it in such a
way that it could possibly hit people
but dude the ball went flying okay and I
saw it happening and I was like there's
my friend's girlfriend right there no
there's no way that's gonna hit her oh
wait it is and a hit her in the leg
destroyed her leg gosh when you get hit
that hard sometimes it the bruise lasts
forever you said it last for like a
month and a half like oh my gosh talk
about feeling like the worst first of
the world like it's terrible to hurt
yourself but it's way more terrible hurt
somebody else
I felt so bad because clearly it hurt
and she probably cried a little bit
because it was like we were teenagers my
gosh I'm sorry
it's like when you're roughhousing with
your girlfriend you actually like elbow
them like in the face pressure has
happened before but you feel like the
worst person ever everybody the whole
spot did the same thing they just cover
the mouth and go oh whether they look
over at me like you're the guy that did
that get out now they didn't say that
but I felt bad and now I'm telling it on
YouTube I really like to think that it
was like just like a fly ball to the
left or right and a casual hitter I
really hope that it was she wasn't in
front of me but I don't know because I
did stupid things when I was 18 so there
you guys go there was my dumb story I
will keep racking my brain to come up
with other embarrassing things which I
know there are some so don't worry
but opiods Doug there's a little update
video tomorrow I have
a little vlogger sewed which actually
has some behind-the-scenes stuff of the
pancake attack video shoot and then I'll
be to skateboarding as well and then we
have a set of video coming on Sunday
um videos that I'm concentrating on I
want to do another prank video for New
Year's Eve and then I want to do er
revenge for in New Year's Day New Year's
I'm talking about Christmas you idiot
Christmas Eve a prank video and then for
actual Christmas damn we aren't revenge
so that's my plans that's what I'm
focusing on but I got some really cool
stuff in the works as always and then
turbit old times been rocking thank you
guys for all the support on that well
that's it oh gosh this sucks I kinda
gonna taste the deodorant now why did I
make that promise that was an awful
thing to do here goes
it's gonna suck that's it it is there
wish me luck that was so much worse than
I thought it was gonna be oh I'm gonna
throw up
I'm that was disgusting never do that oh
my gosh I'm going
where you probably heard me complain a
few times and videos remind me my name
Nami man and man mamama
it is YouTube video it is you it is
YouTube video oh you've got not a new
level of dumb right now any what's up
guys it is time for me to look like this
