it is so dark in this house I am a
panicked miss okay my wife thought I was
talking to her I'm talking to YouTube
sorry
I'm turning on lights tim burton's house
must be like this it's raining so I'm
going to the skate park tonight and
that's going to be a lot of fun but
before I go I need to put a new
skateboard together which I feel like
I'm doing all the time in videos I
promise you I'm not wasting dicks for
breaking them for that matter I've got
new exercises to exercise like a blue
new skateboard Euler and then I got a
lead and I have hour to do this which
now that I think about it that's not
that bad but having to film the whole
process makes it a little more
complicated but I'm gonna do it for you
guys so you guys can get a video out of
this ah that's it let's go we do
exercise you're not gonna watch that hey
hey hey hey Pig hey look at your shirt
dude it's a girl's pleasure shirt yeah
that is so cool
Bridey
I'm putting together a skateboard if you
don't see my new board Hey huh you gonna
come watch me I want to be a vapor
surprise oh you want me to surprise you
when it's done
yeah okay or does he just want to watch
TV and not actually come over here
they're running upstairs cause I think
it's dinner time you've got like an hour
before your fan Kent I would put my
skateboard together ever on the couch
but my family my wife's doing homework
there Brad was watching some weird TV
show this is by far the weirdest place
I've ever put in for it oh I'm putting
together a new attack of deck on this is
my favorite skateboard pretty much ever
and I'm excited this lighting is
terrible hey what's here dude I used to
have a cat friend
yes I know there's a ratchet I just
prefer not to use it
come here buddy try to guess what it is
no no wait wait
guess which one I got Oh another bagel
taco deck
oh don't know do nots get this in the
house you like it yeah big I do I bagel
as the cutout isn't that cool well if
you have you do your first hour you get
a new board are you doing a face nose
manual or a body nose Marilyn oh those
cool I'm gonna need my skateboard back
I'm going to pick up Garrett and I'm
going to Ally's a bunch of the dudes are
going I know some other time buddy I
don't have anyone to watch you while I
skate well we'll do it soon okay I love
you hey guys there you go
love you I'll be back though hey you
have fun mom be good okay
look at that sunset that looks pretty
actually kind of like we're driving into
fire here we are at a building were
Dolly's first session of the winter
it'll be fun
are you ready Joe and some in subdued
Haven good stretching yeah I saw that
you're gonna test how to kickflip yeah
cake no test for anyone
it's butch up and you keep flipped
originals you can get one he can't
really human he really can that was
weird he like yeah I didn't pulled it
back night shift eating so yeah we're
just here to have fun escape and you
guys get to watch
that is a green shirt Alex that is the
most limey green I've ever seen my life
Wow
that was big do that
what dude come watch that that was
amazing
yeah lime-green about to be an amazing
kickflip gosh that was first try
all right
that was just Bryan Ames roll away ever
that was the best one you've ever done I
was like this high look who's here
it's mark
oh yeah I got an extra it's so weird Oh
Oh
you
all you gotta do it
Wow I sucked I miss Kay you know what
before I go others like it open just
open so anyone walking by I just hear me
talking about how I such but I did I did
not land a trick I granted so I went to
the part and we just scanned that hip
the whole entire time sorry that we
didn't have more variety but that was
much it was a fun session like I don't
mind that at all will you skate one
thing and everyone just kills it I
filmed for the first half and then the
second half I just tried my nollie 3
flip and failed utterly I was popping
them better than I probably ever have
but it was not happening it's a bummer
because I'm sitting there super stressed
that I'm not going to land even one
trick for YouTube but it was kind of a
reminder at the same time and I thought
to talk about it for a second because it
happens in skateboarding like sometimes
you just suck and I might have said this
in other videos but good lesson learner
like that Jerry Seinfeld quote he was
like you know skateboarders just fail
all day and they get up and try again
like those people are gonna end up
alright and it's one of the best quotes
ever really that's like what
skateboarding is all about it teaches
you how to fail and get up and try again
doesn't matter if you fail it matters if
you fail and then stop okay you don't
want to do that so here's my promise to
you guys I'm gonna go back next time I
go to Ollie's I am going to go right for
that no I threw flub and if I suck the
whole time again and don't land it so be
it but I'm not gonna try anything else
until I learn that no I threw them for
you guys and hopefully you guys that
like gets super discouraged on your
skating can take this like everyone now
I'm not saying I'm like the best
skateboarder the world but everybody has
days like that and it's okay to suck the
important thing and that tell us to
riding all the time my son I'm like dude
it's okay you're allowed to be bad at
this you just getting you just got to
keep going so you can get better at it
so there you guys go
there's my mushy motivational thing to
end this video um uh yeah I do videos
here every single days if you want to
see more from me hit that subscribe
button and I will see you guys tomorrow
that's it you guys have a good day and
um I'm gonna go film more videos that's
exactly what i'ma do
I have no idea how to end this
raining skateboards for a second there
you
