Wow those but nail was anyone's in there
they're so surprised right now like
nailed that that was amazing I was
pretty good I hope it was on record how
are you Alex buting Pam get it over
there yeah Alex being the lights bad all
right you're warming up five tricks and
then mystery challenge and then is it
warehouse Wednesday it is warehouse
wings did I not say warehouse wings -
Brian no no read it no we're gonna roll
with it
five trick warm-up mystery challenge
five minutes line five minute line five
minutes you to do a line okay okay and
then we're gonna tell your trucks really
really wrong really same line five
minutes
howdy how does your face feel about that
you got it I think he actually said it
right hey I think you actually know what
you do now but you normally interrupt me
happy
in case you guys don't understand what
Bry names words saying around we're
gonna roll Iago and extras going what's
going are you gonna clean up your tire
strike no no we're going to no Casey
Casey Casey why we have a Casey you
really rocked that though I'm impressed
you didn't break the table - trying not
to break that watch oh my gosh I'm a
dusty guy I thought you were gonna clean
it up
alright so just to reiterate what the
challenge is Alex you have to do five
warm-up tricks but then you have five
minutes to do a line that we tell you
what to do and then you get a mystery
challenge okay look at those guys brain
can't see it because it's in his head
then we are going to tighten the crap
out of your trucks and then you have to
do the same line if you lay in that line
the second time with Ty trucks you get
thirty dollars if not Brian Eames and I
have to eat habanero coffee okay I can't
avoid
oh wait how does that you get reward not
away or you know what I see you'll see
we're giving see good good
are you down for this totally dude all
right cool warm up let's uh Pokemon boy
what is the first first trick he should
warm up with first trick I should well
fifty-fifty on the flat part it's not a
warm-up trick how's that not a warm okay
um do a video video on the flat bar for
over your first drink
Thank You Lee what a catch
easy all right no Brian's gonna put your
next trick right okay make it good
Manny backs 180 out of the box Manuel
back with a that's good see that's good
that's a good advice
maybe back way yeah that's a kind of why
I like it because I've never seen you do
it but I know you I know you can do it
Jonathan
so you've never done this that was just
like right now so brides suggest that
training we know you're here and
suggested that and then saber and Alex
that is the hardest thing the world does
it first try okay can you wanted a nose
grind yeah on the bump to the ramp salad
like nobody knows right yeah okay I've
never seen me do it I couldn't do I
don't know I've seen you do one a 50-50
I don't know what I've seen you do Wow
Alex
dude you should do that trick more often
that was awesome on the handrail and do
it now yes that's your next warm-up
trick to a handrail want a nose god no
oh look we have one Brian certain finger
trick what's that your third trick yes
okay Brian all I have man is stage oh
that's a warm-up trail getting warm
what would we have to give you to make
out with Ryan Chambers one of those
doughnuts of the Apple ones
there's nothing warm up about olling
high into a manual yeah do you want me
to veto him it'll definitely warm you
definitely working I hope I got that I
hope it got all of it Anjali smells good
was that your fourth one let's get
moving flippy tricky come on he's got to
do a flip trick you chose that so it's
my turn um you know what fakie frontside
flip the hip okay you're good
that's good no I don't know what order
we said this but the mystery challenges
after the warm-up so your mystery
challenge is to go get Ryan chambers to
juggle while seeing the misfits okay we
have staples we can make that's a
perfect juggling thing hopefully yeah
just any misfits song shame bars you
have oh yeah okay
I have we is three over here listen will
you juggle this and sing a misfit song
an appropriate misfits song for the
internet can't do that you can't juggle
oh we can edit it you just go back over
here over here I'm gonna do it you sing
I'll juggle here's not having it he's
not maybe we should just sit Casey as
the mystery challenge people's knowing
so Casey can you juggle
how did Casey get over here hey act like
act like you're juggling and signa
misfits oh you know you don't know a
misfit song I don't either die die die
my darling I know that one night I die
my he's got to get his calculator got
your level did you have your your meat
slicer my meat slicer I got it you have
five minutes you got it ollie down the
five stair okay you got a five oh one
side five oh the quarter pipe and then
you gotta do a fakie 50/50 frontside
bigspin out Wow
oh don't don't have that face right here
I know you're a decent at is the first
trick I'll ollie down solid okay I think
you scouted
I can't wait to you doing with I got
trucks right I I'm only gonna get like
ten attempts oh you know what I forgot
we'll give you ten bucks if you land the
first line than 20 if you lay in the
second because I forgot that's how we
did it with the loose drugs got five
minutes starting right now
Oh
he did Hertz right that was amazing that
was incredible
well with your other remaining over the
five minutes we at least cleaned that
last trick up he's got it took him 21
seconds that was amazing I filled the
glass Turks so bad the last part of the
line you film terribly but your face is
coming in makes up for it right I was
impressive forgive me I'm gonna continue
the timer he's got four minutes and 38
seconds to clean it up for some reason
that was suave Oakley no swap Oakley all
right we need a schedule very much I'm
good I know I hope they don't break it
always freaks me out by over tightening
anything I know what Richie feels like I
know well you know what it sucks because
I you have the loosest trucks out of all
the dudes come on okay it's happening it
is he's already done like five complete
turns on that one
Paul is it like I'm gonna be able to
swoop in none of those hand exercise
things that you're just going that is
that what the truck feels like right
kinda yeah this still is loose also I
would I'm afraid I'm gonna snap a
kingpin dude there's still kind of loose
you have to those truck with me you know
Horsham underneath your butt you guys
look like a like a JC Penney's add your
holder to the handheld video game and
the way you're holding your skateboard
yeah Shruti oh yeah and you got a button
up on cheese what's the situation here
these are so tight he thinks that
they're loose because their suspension
trucks
let me feel let me know how tight
they're pretty every time Brian is day
time you feel the give because of the
suspended when you when you push down it
pushes back at you like wow I don't
think I've ever been on a skateboard as
tight as those trucks yeah you're crazy
right Brian wouldn't you wish your
middle name was Oh what Weiner dude all
right we have five minutes Alex five
minutes he's so done dude I mean you
don't mean that was very tight but don't
get hurt I get hurt he'll get hurt
you got five minutes now
that was scary you might want to go
slower by the way this is really hard
extreme ready cleanness I pause things
you get into conversation for five years
we've got five minutes four minutes and
20 seconds left
you can pause it when he's not skating
because blinds suck up so much time dude
sure yeah five minute I didn't take that
in consideration usually five minutes
for one trick is a lot of tries it's not
with the line
did my board flies away every time
what time is it he's got 2 minutes and
20 seconds
oh I do not wait to drink coffee your
coffee he didn't like the best thing be
really good yeah maybe tie trucks are
better are you worn out dude you didn't
stop at all Oh tired I was really good
oh my god dollars alright Brian come on
let's go wait you guys don't have to do
anything here no I totally don't you
don't have to yeah I said that the wrong
way I don't know but you won so I think
we should drink it you don't but I think
YouTube wants you to yeah I'll do it
doesn't make sense that if you lose it
we don't I'll have a little sippy-sip is
he'll suck you get the habanero okay I'm
gonna get which all dubs ones are the
ones we want all right so here's this
breakfast black won't do that T we're
not doing tea we drink coffee not even
know okay well he loves me too every day
don't worry lover boy friend ah Thank
You Craig was making my chilly in the
afternoon way better that's a lot right
it's a good amount yeah that's a lot
okay so hop in yours put that there
crazy spicy oh my gosh what are you
doing is like ghost pepper hop it's not
okay it's not ghost pepper hot pie maybe
this actually it's ghost chili infused
hot sauce ghost chili it's just ghost
chili hot and the temperature of this is
hot too so it's gonna be oh wait a
second how's it gonna be me wow what a
spoon yeah why they just float now looks
terrible
it's gonna be terrible right I mean it
might actually make it less hot you
think so like the water the coffee
well that's a quiet way it's pretty
spicy
Wow Wow yeah
let's get a little kick yeah you guys
gotta try this everyone try this it's
pretty good do this do that's not bad
it's like I want another sip of that
yeah I do too but it's like it's
surprising her despite really Wow
really get in there like we we just made
a good drink Wow that's good it like
every put it gets heat on every inch of
your mouth yes okay that's delicious I
like it yeah I love this
thank you for winning out of malicious
he's sweating more than us so great oh
wow mice my stomach is hot now yeah I
can feel it like yeah my stomach is like
habanero right now no all right before I
go before I go die this guy has a
channel all right and it is right there
it just popped up and it's in the info
clean and like it and he has a lot more
content and it's awesome hey thanks man
I'm gonna go die now yeah
I'm starting to get dizzy now but the
flavor and spice was perfect but my
stomach does not think so I like through
the mist we lay down on the grass right
I still love it I would order it oh I
hope I don't throw up oh yeah
gosh I'm so uncomfortable it's something
like really spicy in like an area that
can't feel spice yes it's like oh yeah
it's really spicy but my question your
ribcage is on fire
it's know there's a cannon to your
balloon of heat in my kooky abdomen like
my stomach's like what did you put in
yeah it's a car so we could have like it
not in your heart
