thank you I'm gonna Ollie today oh you
can Ollie today yeah I think you got it
he has come so close recently and today
is the day isn't it yeah give me high
five
so hey let's warm up with some goofy fun
tricks and then you'll try to ollie
alright you write this what's your
skateboard run I'm gonna do Lee but Rick
well okay well you need this first where
does this go ridin alright alright put
on you want to click it I'm going for
Charlie
alright what's the first challenge buddy
that's huge let's charge let's do it
right here see it's a big Ram are you
sure you want to do this this is a big
ramp you gotta hold it boy don't fail oh
you're gonna do it backwards is probably
little safer there ready
all right stop you're going to crush the
old skate park right you liked it all
right put your foot on the board and
then we get on I'm going way faster than
you catch up catch up skate by high-five
ooh
oh there you and that dude what are you
gonna call this trick right 9:32 what
now cell b9 Sobecki whore
Wow okay there's the nine so biggie you
are a creative guy buddy how do you feel
about that girl
I bet is it time to drop in yeah it's
all right here will do it low it'll be
all right
ready yeah you go down stir down you see
remember how afraid you were you did
just easy okay I mean when you feel yep
you up for the challenge
let's go
I did that five you gonna gimme all
right
there was you didn't you did it first
try without slipping out now just go up
the ramp farther okay get going
that's a little better do what black
pepper blaster push okay just push
really hard to get to it up yeah you
stop too soon buddy
this is going to teach you how to skate
fast and that's important buddy okay cuz
that's how fun stomp the ground push
really hard okay blast your push go you
can I know you can push harder buddy so
instead of hitting the ground a bunch of
times like this do big kicks boom boom
okay
it's kind of like running okay when
people around there look like this while
they're doing cartoons but show me how
to run show me how to run show me how to
run like really good there you go use
those legs
now come back
okay uh your give your hand but he all
right hey you didn't get up farther but
those were better kicks I saw it you
want to try it one more time and then
we'll do the ollie okay oh that was good
all both wheels were up on the on the on
the wood cart buddy you are up here you
all you're about right your back wheel
was like right here that was so good are
you ready what are you gonna try are you
ready
you can do it I know you can all right
no don't be your friend now you want to
tell people how to do it and that's it
and then you ollie okay you got it
do it well you got to smash that tail
down okay
make sure bring it over here ah ah I
didn't leave the ground but that's a
good start
you got a jump jump in the air after you
tap the tail that's when you jump up
okay
get that foot back on the board that was
good though doing it ha ha ha
it exploded didn't it you got to hit it
harder
that was a really good attempt if you
would have smashed that tail down that
would have been in alright well the
battle to ollie continues it's kind of
funny because the other day I held his
hands and he totally didn't ollie it
doesn't count if you're holding your
dad's hands we'll keep trying and if you
guys want to keep being along for the
journey give this video thumbs up and
we'll keep making videos for you but we
do have something special to do for
Brian Eames double for all right hold on
whoa come on
I hear you still have your helmet on
writing hmm thank you have a hot on
helmet hat Oh visitor guide buying it
all right - is tio
oh so Brian is B no to give space yeah
it was it BRR boy
BRR I in what's the next level Ryan kind
of like ride in burn ah there you go put
it down hey oh yeah make cheat okay now
now I'm going to do it here is right a
little smaller aims is a m/s or three
OOP are I needed Oh Oh yep good job from
um vicar uh yeah they go you did
great you did great dude flying sleet
yeah brand name three belly like that
mine one of them woke you it is well why
did you go want years explain why you
got it for him
how does he he has oh yeah he has this
so there's some right one that was very
nice you buddy
very sweet he saw those at the store and
thought Brian Ames would love him right
good job on skating buddy but I'm trying
to high-five you there you go so hope
you guys like that we had a good time
like I say it a lot of these videos I'm
not trying to push riding to be the
greatest skateboarder all-time but when
he does skate I try to push him to you
know not give up and accomplish things
so he's doing great and what the main
part is that he's having fun
so hey saying about YouTube by boob you
just high-fived him poop up to cat yeah
I know I got it
when you do and your ollie I'll let you
pick out a new skateboard buddy because
I know you've been wanting one we do
have a lot of cool new skateboards
though this is the Shred quarters is my
online skate store and all the winter
stuff is awesome isn't it right it could
be at the taco board right
but what do you gotta do first all right
yeah the battle continues say I got you
ollie
I got you ollie
you
