what is up guys it has been a long time
since I've done one of these but finally
here's another funniest Bloor montage
when I'd you talking parts of my videos
sometimes I mess up and I get really
weird okay this is a forewarning if you
don't know what's about to happen
it gets pretty pretty odd at times but
here's a collection of me screwing up
talking not even just screwing up videos
it's just me generally acting like a
weirdo it's just it's strange sometimes
so joy now see you guys tomorrow cuz I
do daily videos but oh yeah 21 to 16 I
think I think it's 16 that the chair was
supposed to fall down another thing is
that funny I'm not it is here my
alligator hand there's a little few
people out there that think I have
testosterone in mine in my blood
what this is me I'm done just FYI
that was my fYI - what is up guys -
picture purely firm
this is weird is that person that will
make a truce we're talking like that now
to LA to film the world of the world the
world well this is the face it was kind
of weird another thing that made me
think that of the thing to think oh wow
oh my gosh really you know everyone
skateboards thinking Apple what everyone
hearing it think takes it as you like
what are you talking about Andy let's
start this time time time talk I think
again I think also let's keep the that's
all I have to say so hats off to Chris
Marta's Kay cuz he did it he frickin so
hats off how many how many doesn't even
forget say it hats off okay this is I
just erased a clip that all I said was
hats off just hats off oh yeah no I
can't say it we got some cool moves
coming out okay if you heard how I said
cool I was like have you ever had
caffeine because I have what's happening
with her vibe though uh so bullet why do
you do that why do you look at the
camera make a weird face and start
talking in a voice like this frankly I
do it because I'm insecure and I have a
job opportunity in Cleveland what am I
saying
I don't know words just come out when I
want them to and that's pretty much the
only reason in fact and
okay you guys I'm I think we do a good
pull like it all up a pull pull a
freaking pole Andy I'm gonna do a pull
that sounds weird have a new fall season
series salt what what am I talking about
holy cow get a calculator and out of
your brain cells handy because there's
not many I was pretty harsh I mean I was
just straight-up harsh myself right
there but you know what I don't have a
self-esteem and I'm right I'm insane I
don't know what I'm talking about right
now I've has a news summer or they want
a cup of coffee because I do in no what
is this alright knitting like ninja
chopping like here is a word it's
actually my pants so really excited bout
that these come out in - flower -
flowers how much of an idiot I am a
hundred percent of it and they're all of
the idiot who - what's up guys the next
think Obama the next Cinco Allah is
going to be my first and maybe my last
why but it is story time remember the
past I do because it wasn't I do YouTube
what's up guys - the show the show the
show I could say the show but I beat
what I really need to say is the fall
haha but I know Carlos he said sorry
almost an adult you know I mean Lee
technically an adult
whatever it is still still I questioned
if I'm an adult these days no I'm
kidding I'm great I pay I pay my bills
what am I talking what am I talking
about but some exciting things are
happening my life I recently just what
did I do
smack myself
let go cross yeah I'm gonna take our
bride names I'm gonna tickle them
you're not tickling me I'm gonna tickle
bride Ames stop don't stop thinking
about your baby doing thinking about
baby KZ you suck
and write a book all the same time it's
it's just a lot to deal with so I'm
working on it wait are you kidding me
yeah the best thing is that brian
chambers just called yeah which is
Ryan's brother it's like a hybrid with
Brian Ames and Ryan chambers on his
computer okay but what was I saying
you
