YouTube what's up guys I'm doing a
little vlog so today because something
kind of cool is happening actually it's
not exciting as it should be but this
would be the first of a few episodes
spread throughout the next month or two
that covered this because we are
expanding the Shred quarters and we're
actually doing building today but we're
planning and I don't want to spoil
anything for you guys but I got this
dude with me who actually just built the
Braille mark yeah I'm sure you guys all
that so that's exciting
do not show you two that yeah that's
better that's better
I thought that that's the whole like
situation was gonna be wakeful with a
bottom amazing yeah well if the work
standing dude you know we're gonna have
a new skatepark I'm so gonna stay
partner but dude I miss the days when
the shelves were here and I could just
skate the flat part you know you'd go
front side with one roll up and backs I
was throwing rope on this this is what's
that so sorry to be super mysterious but
yeah we're doing some big things in here
over the next I think you were you
certainly next week yeah so ASAP we're
gonna be doing stuff so what I want you
to do is go down to the comments and let
me know what you guys would like to see
here in strike quarters we are gonna be
adding some little things and the the
bank and quarter pipe on top of that we
thought about before that was even built
people been commenting about that like
as it was a new idea for a long time I
promise you have considered it but
that's it things happening and we're
gonna continue this blogger start by
doing some skateboarding I have escaped
of this dude in a long time Jesus this
is awesome
I'm gonna start just holding water
bottles it makes you feel like you're
like a you're doing something better
you're a go-getter yeah we just played a
very good game of skate I won but it was
t2t and he landed some bangers but now
let's get bored
first try toughest Wow that was sweet
that was wait I was really good he's
gonna front blunt can you believe this
guy my my heart jumped right there
oh my gosh I got the worst angle ever he
just did a second like wolf for a first
try all right because I my angle sucked
well then again but
how distracting was that
we're running out of time so just go do
the big flip
that was stompy dude how good how good
that feel I'm out here water by j.lo see
Andy okay so I was gonna talk to you
guys in the car explain what's going on
today but I have had a toothache on and
off for the last 24 hours it's been
awful
dad's been pretty bad at me I picked up
that guy from preschool and I've got to
very quickly fill in some info on a
couple videos that are going live right
now for both of my channels so I'm gonna
do that I'm gonna shower and then I'm
gonna film a video with this guy for
turbo toy time and then I will keep this
vlog so going I just started to film a
turbo toy somebody we filmed half of it
and I'm actually gonna call it quits and
film the rest tomorrow because the Sun
is going down so fast it's five o'clock
which at least in Cincinnati usually the
sun's out longer than this I can't stand
it mistre it's really driving me crazy
like dealing with the light like trying
to film videos and like it just gets
dark super early and gross especially my
house is not good lighting so I really
just need to start using a different
camera what for videos in the winter
you're gonna play up here buddy all
right I love you all right so I just got
done talking to my wife and I'm doing
something weird I am actually not going
to dinner with them at my in-laws ask
them to ask us to go and I've got so
much let me look at the this place is
just a mess I got a lot of editing to do
so I'm just gonna let them go and I'm
gonna get some work done and I actually
get up and go out and do some Christmas
shopping which I need to do I'm gonna
let them go to dinner with the inlaws
which is like a first for me gosh these
lights need to turn on other out awesome
less light in my life what are you
trying to watch well here just take the
menu away what would you do if he
there's a target here in Cincinnati
would you go to him
this is like an interactive TV channel
all right well touch it I'm just kidding
we don't have any touch sensitive TV
they'll be awesome we did I have to
clean up around here I've got to put a
shelf together in my office and I've got
to go out to get dinner and do a little
bit of Christmas shopping so so that's
my night you get to hang out with me and
I'm late November night mom's home my
mom let me how was your day my mouth
sucks sorry I can't come here with you
guys hey hey
be good see this nose see this face make
it a good make be good all right oh
you're spider-man no one's here
you can see as long as you want in fact
oh there's my windshield wipers awesome
I was hoping that I needed to put air in
my tires now I'm talking myself I'm the
guy talking to herself
all right so for I've bought in close
for myself good job Andy and I'm in a
baby aisle I don't know why
hmm oh my god has done with it's kind of
what that was bad
gosh it makes me think that maybe I'm
getting my what are those things molars
no I have those I'm an idiot
wisdom teeth I never got those removed
uh I was hoping I just didn't have any
all right I'm eating a microwave meal
which is something I never do at least
it's from like the health food section
it's like some Indian so I'm gonna eat
this and watch DC legends of tomorrow
then I'm gonna try to get to put
something together in my office was my
taste test pre good not bad better than
I thought it was gonna be was Indian
food which is pretty hard to mess up any
foods amazing all right we're starting
from two boxes and we're going to oh wow
yeah then a glass shelf there we go that
did not I just want to confirm that did
not take me 40 minutes that is sweet so
boom there it is I think I did
everything I meant to do tonight now I
have to fill out slips we are so busy we
got so many orders over Black Friday and
Cyber Monday weekend that I have to take
slips home to fill out so I can bring
them in the morning and we can get a
jump start on it Larry Lucas I'm gonna
I'm gonna fill out your thing first okay
but thank you guys you guys are the best
so I'm gonna do that then I'm gonna edit
my work the where else Wednesday I went
up last Wednesday and I'm gonna I don't
know what am i do but you guys are gonna
be here I'm let you go right now this
vlog is so did not end up at all how I
meant it to but it's kind of cool you
have to like just hang out with me and
experience what my life is the one thing
that's a bummer is that ride and fell
asleep on the way home so I didn't get
to play with him again before he went to
bed because he went to bed before he got
here so but that is it I do videos every
single day so I will see you guys
tomorrow and that's it I'm gonna fill
out some forms who texted me
Justin Walker
but we do have this how do you want to
do the honors
oh that's pretty awesome
yeah well we got curtains three
different settings oh wow
stop stop just stay a color there we go
you
