look at this terrible view what's up
guys we are in Hawaii and we're gonna
have a fun skate day ahead of us and I'm
gonna take you guys for the journey my
hotel room is so messy this is our
actually last full day here but it's
gonna be a really good one we this I
like to think that I'm an organized
clean person in general and then this
just deletes every argument you think
that hey don't forget your swim stuff
and skateboard
all right register day I don't like
starting this why because on the end
it's so sad oh wow how was school dude
good is it high to YouTube it's where a
thirsty dog goes and it's right under
his nose you're very hot right there
you found it I had surprises around the
house if he's good I sent him on a
treasure hunt and he finds it they found
it
I start coming home tomorrow I love you
buddy I miss you
it's beautiful and it's raining we've
got some friends we've got a cameraman
that's a cameraman yeah you just you
just multi-task the hug in a fist bump
how is your face existing yeah do you
want to go put some food inside it I
would love to do that let's go do it
let's do that he's really good at Beck's
nose
escape boarding is fun but this is
arguably one of the better parts of the
day I'm a truck your truck oh yeah
that's what you have to bring to this
conversation how is this for dollars I
mean this instant basketball wherever
you go are you saying that it's it's so
low you're excited about it I think I'm
gonna get it I knew it I knew it this is
the way you start your day I like the
taste of this it is skateboard time I
hopefully I don't screw this up but if I
do everyone else is talented so it's
fine
you know what Turkey lemonade is
actually not as bad as you think okay
here's a friend
okay so right the first skate spot I've
got to film a bit four we want revenge
and then it's gonna cut and we'll go
back to the vlog Assad for you guys but
uh I gotta do some fake dumb acting I
just said I need to do some fake dumb
acting of course acting is fake so you
get up saying goodnight yeah and I'm
dumped nice this is a pretty skate spot
except they're ruining it by getting rid
of all the flowers yes we are
I'm gonna drop it on this filming myself
awesome I've ever been so terrible at
standing on something than this thing
how is so good I filmed you filming I
filmed you filming
we're both not liars
cool
hey I got a trickshot all right
skateboarding mini basketball sweet shot
no I like bounce off the rim like twice
oh this thing is like it just denies you
like you have to go right in there oh my
gosh dude that was so good I got excited
I forgot you were doing another drape
right now I got the whole thing I didn't
do it that was fun we actually got a lot
more than you saw for a couple different
projects lush videos and it was good
time we have more daylight it's actually
better rain here so we need to find the
next spot anything's gonna storm I think
that we are the storm we're gonna bring
it to Hawaii right
so Haggard was talking about you and
order the Phoenix yes sir yeah there's a
storm coming here I remember that that's
the Harry Potter yeah that's the Harry
Potter Harry Potter's expect over
Toronto Star Trek I didn't think it was
possible to have a third buttcheek all
right we've got like what like 20
minutes to skateboard you've got like a
hard 15 minutes to skateboard this is a
really fun spot if you've seen my videos
before you've seen this but I'm gonna
I'm gonna enjoy it nonetheless I
probably will every time I walk back
here I feel like I'm in a lobby you're
seen lost um no oh my gosh hunter I see
Jurassic Park that's a good start yeah
watch lost that's like the prequel
Falacci
yeah exactly feel that secret anymore
yeah it's so open dude
so immediately Sam tamers board went in
the water I mean like as soon as a guy
and then a manta ray swam by we have no
proof of any of it you know this happen
to be last time I'm really happy with it
I feel so bad because I literally went
to kick it and I just missed
Oh perfectly brand-new we pulled John
Hill and water hold on little round one
it's right here whoo and get a lint land
on it old tighter
okay so I don't know how full of a
vlogger so that was but that was the
randomness of my skate day I wish I got
to do more skateboarding but time like
flies in Hawaii I'm not sure how it
works I'm gonna go back to Cincinnati
tomorrow morning and I'm going to start
working on new skate videos and fun
goofy content for you guys thank you for
watching youtube but what is up guys so
yes you have might have seen this video
already it beast because every monday i
reapplied a video that has gotten shut
off on accident on my channel i have to
explain this every time i do this a lot
of my videos got shut off on accident
they weren't searchable they didn't come
up with suggested videos and YouTube was
like ham sorry we're gonna fix this they
didn't really fix it and that's fine
it's whatever I know they have a lot to
deal with so I've just been uploading
them one by one on my channel kind of
like a throwback every single Monday
just to get them back out into the world
if you want to see a full explanation of
this I'll put it right down in the info
but I'm really happy to a feature a
video like this because of this gloomy
and rainy and wintry here in Cincinnati
and Hawaii is the opposite of that so I
hope you guys enjoyed that I do videos
here all the time all of my new videos
are coming out like five to six days a
week aside from this one so just stay
tuned you don't have a new video
tomorrow it's of ride in skating do it
yeah you know when you tried to do two
tricks and you almost landed them I'm
gonna put those clips in like a random
nice montage so tune in tomorrow I'm
really proud of the guys over there
about to play Pokemon and that's it hope
you guys have a great day if you want to
see more from me hit subscribe button
right below the video and you're signed
up see more it's free and easy and that
is it I guess we're playing Pokemon okay
he is I'm not that's a bummer I was
gonna play pokemon with them well dog
cat fight alright I gotta go
you guys have a great day until next
time
hey I don't dude I don't think the beach
is gonna happen it's gonna happen I put
on swim trunks way that doesn't just
make it happen the Sun is like gone no
it's behind about these error is too
you
