YouTube what's up guys so I did what is
the best fingerboarding wedge video ever
another day and that did pretty well and
then got me thinking that I should do a
how-to thinker board video I've never
done that so I've got a fingerboard
right here if I can hold on to it and
I'm going to tell you guys just the
basics of fingerboarding it's a fun and
very cheap thing to do you can get a
tech deck for 3 bucks at like Target you
know it's like it's awesome and then
they last though I mean sometimes they
break but if that happens eventually you
spend $3 you get another one it's
awesome and but if you don't want a
cheap fingerboard there are other bigger
more expensive finger boards that I made
out of like actual wood out there they
have foam grip tape I personally like
tech decks better I don't know if that's
weird I just I don't know I always use
these growing up then this is what I
like to roll with so I'm gonna be using
this when I first came out when I was a
younger dude I bought it right away I
thought I was like the neatest thing
ever and then all throughout high school
I finger boarded sorry teachers I'm
sorry and I'm not promoting you guys to
go figure board Ratliffe it listen to
your teachers but I mean it made class
way more fun that's for sure
so yeah I got the hang of it and then
now right and my son he has a bunch of
finger boards I finger both him and then
I start making youtube videos for you
guys so here it is how many over the
basics the first thing is of course an
ollie
ok that's jumping this is going to let
you do pretty much everything there are
tricks that don't involve the ollie but
it makes it so much easier and then you
can kind of do anything as you can't
with a real skateboard so it's really
cool so tip just like a real one that's
what it looks like I mean the physics
behind it are exactly like a real ollie
on your skateboard you hit the tail down
and you hit it hard so it kind of makes
the board want to come up into the air
and then you're gonna kind of like move
it forward you know by like moving the
momentum that's where you get that easy
way to start practicing this is actually
rolling backwards so you don't want to
get the hang of rolling backwards for
everything but it's a good way to kind
of this is how I teach people to learn
it now you flip it back upside down so
when you're rolling you hit and kind of
push under and scoop to flip it upside
down and then you get that arc that's
the general movement you're going to get
for an ollie because eventually now
you can just do it from starting instead
of rolling backwards that's a good way
to practice and I suggest doing that and
then over time you know stop turning it
upside down and kind of move weight like
that and that is the ollie that's gonna
take a second to learn don't worry as
you keep learning and doing stuff like
your hands will get better at it it's a
lot easier to help finger more than a
real skateboard so it shouldn't be too
tough to get the hang up now we're going
to move on to kick flips next which of
course is is a kickflip you ollie into
the air and then with this finger you're
gonna go like boom okay and then
hopefully catch it and we let it do one
flip it's very easy to over flip these
stay right here
oh my gosh train I'll get all closed up
so you check this out
boom right there that was the perfect
kickflip pop the tail like you're doing
Holly and as you push it forward you're
gonna flick with your front finger like
that and hopefully catch it okay you go
is your fakie flip by going backwards in
fact with fakie flips you kind of have
that eat the momentum so it's easier to
like do fakie votes in a sense but kick
flips they're really cool they're fun
and then you can start kicking in to
grind says it's really good one to learn
and it might be a little tough it's I
don't know if it's harder it's I've been
doing it for a long time so I'm trying
to remember which was harder learning
all your kickflip but uh I don't know I
definitely felt cooler when I learned
that kickflip now one that's probably
easier than the kickflip is the three
flip okay that's a 360 flip trade flip
whatever you want to call it and that
that was a 540 flip it's very easy to do
that too there you go there was alright
so the thing with three flips is it's
very heavy in the back foot scooping
okay so when you ollie you're actually
taking your back foot and throwing it up
and it goes like that
I mean the front foot definitely helps
it helps it flip a little bit but the
momentum where you're like you ollie up
and then fling it with your back with
your back foot I keep on a foot that's
hilarious I've been calling these foot
there fingers my gosh the back finger is
you kind of flick it upwards with your
back finger and that's really what sets
in motion without flipping somebody off
really try to like get that motion let's
get to three flips and you'll do 540
flips you'll do 360 double flips you do
a lot of that stuff but eventually
you'll get the hang of it especially
like if I sit here and keep doing it my
fingers start to feel the three flips
and I'll start doing them way more
consistently so just practice them it
feels wild just keep at and don't get
this you're just one of the easier
tricks to do especially when you learn
it you can do like three foot lipslides
through 50 50s and some of that stuff is
just easier than kickflip into grinds
and slide I think personally alright one
thing that approaches at the beginning
is that you're only using two fingers
okay you have I typically I use my right
hand because I'm right-handed and then
my middle finger pops the tail and then
my index finger is the one that does all
of the slippery and moving around on the
skateboard I think pretty much everybody
does like this sometimes you get sloppy
and your third finger old like be on the
board but you know you try to land too
just like you have two legs okay you
have two legs two fingers that's what's
happening look at this look
see it's like a little dude on a
skateboard that's what it's supposed to
look like guess I'm getting kind of
carried away with some of these tricks I
didn't get to do the basics you can of
course 180 you know a backward it'd be
really hard you kind of got to go like
that shove-its are a little harder to
get height on
at least the way I do them there you go
I pop that a little bit but you know do
a quick shove it's kind of easy just uh
go ahead now heel flips are really hard
I've done before but they're just kind
of I don't know I guess that goes for
heel hook you try to ollie and you just
flick it that way but it's it like I
said it's real hard it's a barrel you'll
flip is way easier and it feels cooler
with a varial heelflip you go you ollie
up and then you like you flick it but
then you you going that at the same time
so when you pull when you're going that
it starts to heel flip but you pull it
back and it kind of finishes the
rotation the momentum but that makes
sense and you catch it after it's done
the 180 degrees so I hope this little
motion kind of helped with that it's
kind of like a hook motion where it's
like you know your finger like kind of
hits this pocket and just hooks it and
makes spin and flip at the same time
that one might be kind of hard to get
used to but once you actually feel it it
gets way easier you know your front
fingers like okay it does this those are
the first few flip tricks that I kind of
want to cover in this video I hope that
actually helped you it might be weird to
pick one up and then try them like it's
not that easy at all it gets easier I
promise if you give it time and it's not
something like you should take too
seriously I mean it's just a toy it's
like a finger board you know so just
have fun with it you know and then if
even if you just want like this and do a
bunch of flips like there you go just
have fun with it don't take it too
seriously here alright so once you get
the basics down you know you can do like
you can do a bunch of stuff like push
nose manual manual lips like no blunt
it's just fun so I hope that helped if
you guys like this video give me a
thumbs up and I could probably cover
some more tricks and maybe go into more
details about different areas of
fingerboarding but just to leave you
like with a more fun fear trick I'm
gonna do a trick challenge right now I'm
gonna do a three flip those manual on
this hopefully it's not that hard
oh I might have just done that fourth
try Wow I'm gonna put in slow-mo I can
do better
and that was it that was way better
oh also I almost forgot Bob we actually
did another fingerboarding video on my
southern eyes toy channel it's right
there click that it'll take you over to
it we do a thing where we show you all
of his finger boards his entire
collection and then we even do a little
bit of finger boarding on some rails and
ramps so yeah check that out it's in the
info and also at the end of the video so
there you guys go that's it if you guys
want to see more fingerboarding videos
give this video a thumbs up and let me
know in the comments but I'm gonna go
I'll be back tomorrow with a good ol
fashioned skateboard video and like
vlogger sewed hang out wherever you to
hang out me for for a day pretty much so
to end this I'm gonna three flip it into
my pocket didn't do that at all really I
could just never - I could just do this
you guys have no idea if I was lying or
not super hard - I did it look I don't
know if at three full but we're in there
and I'm happy with it you guys have a
good day
take it easy
Hey but inside parks there
