we're Jewish you go to a gas station
it's a block you said people yeah I'm in
this last day in California and hanging
out with some dudes and we're gonna do
some skateboarding this guy being one of
them this is Doug all right and skater
are we ready to go where are we going
ducks is guessing an act so that was
closed last night and you told us to get
from the hotel we didn't listen
okay so just take it right right here or
whatever first gas station we hit we'll
go to and then we'll punch him we'll go
to us did you have glasses on your face
I do I hit
I rented a mercedes-benz we filmed a
piece for take over the world there a
vide video second full-length video and
wow this is a bad
Cameron car that's not so bad so yeah
this thing's kind of fun to drive I'm
gonna go get some snacks and then
skateboard gas station breakfast snack
okay so we're the same spot that we
started at when we did the other
vloggers oh it blew it would skate
actually the guy they keep this out
totals to come back today so we're doing
face oh you're eating the skittles yep
great breakfast all right buddy why is
your suitcase in this case but what is
where I live
so we're filming the holiday shoot at
the same time today it's a lot of us
really get dressed up in strips
characters here's Aaron and Brian's like
if you're gonna be filming you're gonna
have a hat on he didn't say that mean
but that's why I'm working max how do
you feel with this ledge do something
you are going to be so sweaty Doug you
could be sadder though that's cool
whoo that's Jake Santa has lost some
weight dude that barely fits you
Oh oh my gosh I did not see that go that
was awesome
Doug is skating this ledge and then
bombing down there
that was crazy I leave for literally
like 30 seconds and then this is what
Aaron looks like hey this is what I'm
hoping doesn't happen
oh yeah dude this is like the best ledge
had to have an orange Superman
here's an in the camera in your face oh
wow
you have Gatorade in a can record okay
let's show to me sometimes you get a
crack one open you can't crack up and
you just can't it good ollie though I
like it
it was cool when you're up in the air I
was like he's gonna die and then you
didn't this guy's off the airport so
it's been good dude oh and then you want
to touch me that's why I did like a half
hug it's like yeah yeah I care a little
bit you know thanks Jones
I was about to say safe travels haha
high-five yourself yeah there you go
what are we listening to
real music oh there should be comments
like do you have to like Kid Rock any
constable notches I don't like hate him
I just don't care I just do not care
listen why is this on the country
station alright impromptu lunch at a
fast food joint which rarely ever
happens I'm sorry people for
disappointing you that I'm eating fast
food jump-jump-jump
we see the spicy chicken sandwiches here
all the time we're younger and ate fast
food a bunch and I'm kind of excited to
eat one actually no it
yeah so one skate I wanted three hold
nose big that okay sweet it's like it is
really a bear costume yes if people
think we're weird this is the crap
that's why that's why see Aaron Kyra's a
snowman imagine beer just driving by you
so it's a snowman five-o
after a quick lunch break turned into an
hour in some real quick six hours of
free we're going to the Hollywood high
well that was a disaster which I'm not
going to go into detail but uh pretty
annoying situation we're the DIY though
to wrap this day up we've been to three
spots and I'm pretty sure this whole
trip all right we're at the DIY cuz alex
has a trick to try for his part but
you're getting uh some clips here too
I'm sure and I'm so glad to finally be
in the shade because that Sun was
destroying my eyeballs Oh job job Bon
Jovi's van gosh you're just as bad as
the Internet I said one time I was like
oh yeah ugly Mortal Kombat and everyone
lost their mind that's not right
to be fun now it's so fun
what dude if you and Jason Park played a
game of life right now who'd win don't
disappoint us I'm open-minded it still
works
all right so I'm ending this a little
day skate here thank you guys for
hanging out with me I was kind of
running gun because we had so much stuff
to do on this Californian trip that all
I could do is kind of film random
skating here and there so I hope you
guys liked it that's it let's watch this
disappointing video is here every single
day so the subscribe button you want to
see more from me and then this guy has a
face we're just gonna stare at it for
about three more seconds and then the
videos going to end
stop waffles okay
