Yukie what's up guys it's father-son
bata time yes we got a lot of
requests to do another one of these so
we're doing our second father-son
bottleful thing and we have some new
bottle flips that we didn't do last I
don't we walk are you ready to do this
give him that BAM we did that last time
got as you do ones dude look at my face
this is a new face is a new face do it
let's never stand up there but we can
warm up with some basic bottle phones
are you ready yeah all right all right
do the single whoa yeah I'll match up
yeah the Dubs the Dubs you ready is that
all you can say is yes yes yes uh-huh
all right yo two one wants a bottle flip
let's see it I don't flip I need yes you
gave you owe to the bottle flip oh wow
yeah he's passed down oh he's ready for
Santa what I'm gonna try to do a camp I
won't know it once I beg well it doesn't
explode all over the place he'll be
bonafide pal if the bottle exploded
floor okay oh thanks I love you Oh cheer
up snook dad maybe dad no I did not this
is it no it's not yeah there it is I'm
gonna go to my room let's go it's in
here it's in here oh you won't do the
tall bottle flip hey you wanna do the
tall bottle flip Wow do it whoa oh my
gosh oh my gosh
Gatorade down go do it you say lamb chop
oh that was nice of you oh wow are you
okay Oh
Ryden I'm going to up the ante in you
have to do it into the sock drawer okay
aim it right aim it right here you're
way off but it's okay it's okay
oh that was good Oh would you like to
try again would you like to try again
well here take the bottle man you're not
gonna grab it really it's right here you
can eat it for you you really did do it
yeah good job dude I thought it was for
you too oh you just took a bank
everyone's mad at you now everyone I'm
gonna up the ante and I'm gonna land it
right here are you ready yeah oh my gosh
I missed the first try oh you really
don't think so yeah it's this skinny
that's skinny yeah Mike you never
noticed that I did it I told you I could
do it yeah I know wow that took me so
long to do again my gosh hey where we
going ready I pray yeah this is your
playroom oh hey I got idea your brain
pod that was almost dead
oh my gosh that was almost it oh whoa
don't you be hitting me man yeah yeah
it's gonna do it is my turn you have an
idea you uh well I don't know if it's
gonna that's a see this thing that's
gonna make it flip on accident so maybe
I just you're on the green thing or okay
watch out okay bigamy not gonna hit you
right and this is hard I bet they're
hardened for you no thank you
means love money can you guys see that
yep I didn't do it
there you go let's go to the basement
okay cats yeah you won't get it on one
huh you think it the cats could bottle
club yeah you want to a backwards bottle
flip don't hit yourself in the head you
threw it in front of you little left
gusto okay way too much
buddy you did what is that piece I know
you just got throw further you didn't
think you did it did you
oh okay okay let's go do to the finale
okay hey I know I'm gonna do the big one
the ender what actually before I do the
finale I'm gonna do the post okay huh
ready go wow look at that oh I did it
yeah whoa why'd you throw it at me I'm
throwing it from down there on the
trampoline flip land and by down there I
meant from up there down here boom let's
do this
look-look at it that was so hard and I
just ran up and down these stairs for 20
minutes so I'm taking the floppy one I'm
taking you'd even notice you didn't even
look at you just assumed I failed so
there you guys go that was father-son
bottle flipping - I wish you were to
land that last one smoother but it's
actually Thanksgiving right now and we
have to go to me God the gee-gees yeah
yeah but I hope you guys dug that maybe
we'll clean that last one up on a vlog
of sowed in the future but hope you guys
Doug hanging out with us today I do
videos here every single day and
actually we just uploaded a video on our
toy channel what's that called don't
work that turbo toy time yeah so check
that out w annotation right there that
just popped up and then um at the end of
the video and down below so it's really
easy to get to but you guys have a good
day and I will see you guys tomorrow and
otter is walking bias whoo screaming of
the cat love you hey I love you he's
gone and now I'm just sitting here alone
you do man I got way too sweaty for this
et what's up cousin some
bombshell slip in turn bashful flipping
yeah Basho flipping
