that wasn't a hard fall but I like it
like everything I could see stars
YouTube what is up guys so it is carpet
boarding here in my private skatepark
the Shred quarters first things first I
need to go your skateboard so let's go
over to the distribution side and pick
out what we actually just released our
new stuff this weekend so I'm excited
get him a taco tech guy he'll get back
to work do anything weird no casing here
you're doing a great job today thank you
I wish good was upon their here good I
was kind of just my numbers now well I
have taken one taco deck to carver
Borghese this guy is a good good guy
what are your Carver bored so yeah this
is from the revived winter release
pretty much the best scape where two
things you need to know about me and
carbon boarding is that one I'm not that
good at it but I'm gonna do my best for
this video cuz we're gonna get creative
here and second I sweat so much I think
it might be everybody but no I just mean
you're normally always together whatever
anyway we're gonna go through some
basics then we're gonna bring it your
page apart just get a full pushup
this is a slick day so ooh
poppy though that might have been the
best best three shop ever done artwork
this is a small area dude I thought this
is gonna be plenty of carpet
I'm sweating already that was better
than my normal kick I know and that's
why I did it
gotta go like way up here a little bit
that you've seen I feel like I've skated
for thirty minutes just do this lose
weight look at that oh hi Ryan Bracken
give you a great new Where's Waldo
today I'll know if I can get that toe
away
I'm pretty good though that wouldn't
take that just looks better than the
rest of the Noxzema varial flips I'm
trying to say first shot
ya know say second try was it second try
I'll do it better
Wow sweat is dropping its writing
there's a rain happening on my face
right we're here for the five show okay
all right super Thomas Alvarez dang it
okay that was good right ah now the real
fun begins now that I'm exhausted we're
gonna get creative let's do this this is
going to be the funnest thing in the
world
I like help because the carpets curled
it looks like a CD to God relax my neck
dude beanie this is for you this could
be a terrible idea
the wax is the key dude I'm gonna go
first shove it
i discard boring make me sweat way
you're dead oh man
it's like I have in my pocket but I'm
not anything my pocket Wow felt so good
there's one of those things right yeah
and I thought I've never landed dude
gosh it's really hard me want to say
that was so good onto the rail now your
hair sweating now so everything is gonna
be sweaty upitis oh my god that felt as
stupid as looking that's officially the
hardest thing has ever happened I can't
believe I even did to the first we move
on to the next thing feel like I just
ran track I'm gonna try this hopefully I
don't die if I die how make some YouTube
videos as it goes which would be a
terrific YouTube channel put that out
there if I tried to ollie into this like
just straight up and go down I would die
you saw how hard the rail was so I'm
gonna go the easy way out into this and
just kind of finish up there and try to
go down that metal look like nothing but
I was terrifying
that wasn't a hard fall but I like it
like everything I could see stars right
now is really weird
ah where's the wax I woke up today like
I want to look like a frog on YouTube
there was odd to this he walks over a
tissue paper like I need it so bad
they'll snow with snowman on it so hard
oh we're doing this if anyone else all
that really that's what he gets he
deserves that
solid I would like to thank Steven
Seagal it's so many good movies and I
was younger
he's good let's go to fakie and then
when I actually try to do the second try
I would like to thank Chris Brad he's a
wonderful actor of the new age
was that face what's that face what are
you doing I don't know is it last thing
instant heel bruise I get it better
I was shot Muriel flipping two by three
flip it I'm gonna write my mom a letter
in the mail
who does it anymore that's how psycho
I'm just taking that oh my god so that
was it that was a lot of fun I did way
more things than I thought I was going
to do you guys like this let me know get
this thumbs up let me do the comments
all that stuff and maybe I'll bring
Brian Bracken the Where's Waldo if
2007-8 here he is in a Sam Tabor having
kind of fun to get those dudes involved
I like to thank Rikki for filming Thank
You Ricky oh yeah guys face I could
punch you right if I wanted to but I
won't because you're a good guy that's
it guys I'm done I'll see you guys
tomorrow
and I don't know what tomorrow is
because I don't not sure when this video
goes up I am waiting for the outro music
come on
you
the camera not that was to screen the
hippies behind you
hold up no 2017 Waldo this guy look a
guy's face find me later I will find you
you're gonna recruit me huh box
