you - what is up guys this here is the
best fingerboarding ledge ever period I
made this in high school okay and it's
been with me ever since it's fallen
apart it's crashed a few times in fact I
just got done supergluing it before this
video but I mer made a video of it and
I'm gonna do it right here right now I
have a fingerboard right here it is a
birdhouse
Bucky lassic much respect about the
elastic and birdhouse is a cool brand
but I'm making it to ever my figure
board I'm gonna take the trucks off I'm
gonna put a sticker on to it it's gonna
be a revived fingerboard because we
don't have them made just yet and then
I'm gonna do some tricks on this and let
you guys watch it so let's do this I
have to be very careful I'm doing this
because these tiny screws if they fall
off onto the floor there's a carpet that
just sucks up everything it's go
long-haired carpet if you may hate to
weird things they it's like really deep
carpet anything it falls it's gone
forever
I was finger mourning in science class
one time please bring the board it's in
the board whoo okay I was closed all so
I was in science class one time
fingerboarding and I had a really
awesome teacher okay I called him dr.
Yeager actually and he straight-up took
my fingerboard away which you know I had
that coming
but then he skated around the classroom
okay you put on his foot he pushed
around I don't know how it works but he
gave it back to me it wasn't like it
wasn't broke I mean the axles were bent
a little bit but pretty awesome moved by
my teacher though I mean even then I
found it was funny I like the whole
class thought was hilarious
all right let's stick this up here is I
made you know what I could have centered
this how the actual graphic is but I
decided not to because to trucks over
the revive would kind of swamp the the
word so at least it'll say this there we
go back to normal now that I think about
it it would be a lot cooler if I
centered it but I'm not gonna worry
about it because it's still gonna work
the same but here we go look revived as
a my skateboard brand on a finger board
are all right somebody get to it I'm
gonna do just handful tricks on this for
you guys and then I'll talk about it a
little bit at the end but this thing is
awesome I love it it was I think I
supposed to be rubber Cup how about
hideout eventually but then it cracked
and it became a little skinnier they
good for slot it's honestly way better
like I like that I can like you know
actually boardslide on it so I made this
in art class I like molded it with clay
and then they put it in the kiln / I put
it in the kiln and it came out amazing
I made so many cool things in our class
pack I need to like go buy a kiln so I
can do so like this but it's like what
it actually needs a wax sometimes it
actually helps so I'm gonna wax it this
is doable right that is gonna work all
right let's start at the basics actually
know what guys I'm going to take it into
this room because this table in here is
bigger
I should remove this like 30 minutes ago
and superglue usually dries so fast but
apparently it doesn't on ceramics super
glue over my hand awesome I'm gonna get
more tech right now right here I'll
touch my foot on the table
hahahaha fingerboarding is really hard
to film my gosh so I'm just gonna go at
it and hopefully this comes out good
oh my gosh let's keep going gum for that
five Oh so I just get mad and throw my
board yeah that felt better get up get
over here oh my gosh
I did not expect that I'm getting way
too excited over finger board any tricks
oh I'm happy that was good that was get
let's get going
I'm gonna do that one again for you guys
cuz I like this angle oh my gosh that's
going forever
oh my gosh I was even better than the
first one
right my chairs just rolled wet miles
let's go with it fall
not sure your nose grunting let's go
knows right well there was a trick that
I didn't mean to do but that have been
great if I meant to do it I don't know
if that was it I think I might have not
been it oh my gosh I'm gonna play it
back
the truck hit my gosh it would alright
let's keep going
I think I did it oh my gosh that was
beautiful and on accident I'm taking it
that is such a hard trick I'm not sure
if it clicked or not it was kind of a
fast little thing but I'm taking it
let's go to a three flip flip this is
again oh that is what that that deathbed
okay I somehow today three shove
fifty-fifty I was not meaning to do that
nor will I ever do that again
three flip fifty-fifty I'm trying all
right I to move the camera because it's
like right here it wasn't working okay
yeah I would do that that's cool I want
you to do that on accident the cube is
going to be like an hour
not really but still I'll and easily my
best stuff on accident
that was it I get way too no I'm not
even bet I'm not mad I'm not even
embarrassed but I'm super happy I landed
that my gosh okay so I'm done sessioning
that I used a finger board a lot when I
was you know in high school and I was
younger in general now I just finger
board the ride in and I'm apparently
fairly I have lost my edge so uh
actually walk with me guys I've been
getting a lot of amazing feedback with
the fingerboarding videos I've been
doing on my other channel in turbo toy
time so I thought I would do one here
featuring that ledge like I said I've
had it for a long time and it's really
fun I mean it feels like the texture of
it feels really cool so if you guys want
to see more fingerboarding videos hit
the thumbs up but I did just want to
take a second say thank you so much for
the amazing response we've had to the
winter lines of revive and force we are
boxing up so many orders for you guys
look at all these filled with
skateboards wheels trucks all that sort
of stuff so from my heart thank you if
you guys didn't know we are doing Black
Friday deals and cyber monday deals all
weekend so if you want to know more
about that I will link the warehouse
Wednesday at the end of this video and
you'll know all about it but from the
bottom of my heart thank you if you want
to see more fingerboarding videos turbo
toy time right there it just came up you
can click that and go over to it there's
a bunch of fingerboarding videos with my
son ridin and i and they're a lot of fun
the link is also at the end of this
video and down in the info so yeah let
me know if you guys like that I'm gonna
go do some real skateboarding and I'll
be back tomorrow with another video
because I do daily videos so you guys
have a good one you know what I
shouldn't say this name because it was a
Christmas present or something I just
spoiled it but I'm gonna say thank you
that person
I just want to point out the ridiculous
things that I like painted on this when
I was younger actually a lot of mark
that ridiculous like I have like thanks
skateboards element Alien Workshop black
label foundation zero a bunch of stuff
but then I got some random stuff like
red the color red I like red but do I
really need to put it on this snake I
don't know why I guess that was for
future Jason Park there you go you're
welcome
max Mayberry eventually went over and
put revenge which makes absolute sense
because that was what revived was called
before this but what's cool is right
back here is a life line on we can see
and that was a doodle I used to do at
school all the time and I thought it
would be a really cool graphic for a
company and then so lo and behold it
turns into revives
that's a little bit uh you ain't did I
actually say that I really hope I didn't
say that where do you want yeah you know
that sounds like something that people
say now anyway there you go well 10 min
that's it
I should repaint this
you
