oh you're fine sorry dude landed you're
tricking my butt oh you're fine landed
your trick of my butt Carlos lost raissa
believe this happened that's like the
question that pops into my brain when I
watch this and then I think like oh he
was grinding while standing upside down
on a skateboard he's handstand grinding
falling is the most likely thing to
happen nobody it's amazing he's one of
the most unique skateboards in the whole
world I can actually do a handstand
grind and of course flip out and then he
says the board flying my direction and I
just so happened to land it with my butt
you thought I wasn't that talented okay
we were elated that trick with your butt
no in fact I'm probably the only person
to land that trip with my butt revisar
so like like that trick is so insane
that that's the way he fell is the most
outstanding part of this if you don't be
a clip of some guy like handstand
grinding you know like this guy's about
to fall how does he do it I'd be like I
don't know he slips out hits his face on
the coping just like this we're like
dude like what he's bending down to grab
the board he likes p messes up that way
926 the trick i guess i would just
assume that he wouldn't get that far
because it's such a crazy trick Carlos
what are you a t-rex t-rex's would
actually suck at that trick mainly
because their hands I don't think about
that yet you sorry T Rexes you have no
chance playing that ever I'm really glad
Carlos is ok because clearly you watch
the flip you're like it's a funny fall
no one really thought that Carlos is in
real danger during this clip it's just
kind of a crazy fall but you should
thank me because I kind of took the
focus of him totally humping the bank
all right now I'm trying to talk about
humping so much of my video but let me
look at
why he just flattens out and just hums
down the bank it's ridiculous and he
landing the trick with my butt kind of
takes away from that you know people
watch the clip like oh what's going on
right Oh Andy always hit him okay but if
I wasn't there they'd be like oh wow
that guy totally just landed on his
weiner down the bank Weiner damn alright
just Carlos trick fall we nerd so you're
welcome Carlos but at the same time I
just talked about it to the whole world
now everyone knows that you just kind of
hump down the bank so you're welcome in
now I'm sorry I feel like belts can be
way cooler on your head you know look
you're like hey I'm a karate guy i am a
creddie guy except the karate guy would
never have this look at her face just a
dumb youtube it would and that's me
another thing I'd like to point out is
that Carlos is the nicest guy in the
entire world no one would be grinding
upside down like that flip out hump down
the bank and then say Andy I'm sorry
right away like I'm the filmer dude I'm
supposed to be in the danger zone when
you're in the filmer you know you're
ready for a board to fly at you and it
happened and I was okay I was kind of
shocked but I was he was like I'm sorry
Annie I'm like do you just you were
doing a 50-50 handstand flip out okay I
am sorry he's a nice dude Carlos is
super nice and he's so stupidly good as
skateboard his name funny he landed this
trick he lands all tricks okay this is
actually from a video that you might
have seen so you might have seen this
ball I'm sorry that it's a repeat but I
never featured i was watching the other
day and I was like I have to talk about
this because it's like all of those
elements is like the craziest how does
that happen and as always I kind of want
to make something happen to them I don't
know this could be a wrestler or video
in character but I'm gonna mess with
Carlos sorry buddy I'm not sorry
actually this is gonna be awesome watch
this
oh you're fine ah I laugh but I have any
actually edited what happens so I'm kind
of reacting without knowing if it's
funny or not this is a random beanie
clip I just had to talk about us go so
many things happen to get to the clip it
was such a funny dumb fall that I was
like all this big a perfect fall friday
so yeah Carlos laura is not only the
nicest guy he's one of those talented
skateboarders in the world he is so so
good and he's a good friend of mine and
i will show you some of his tricks again
you've seen these you've been watching
all my videos but if you haven't you're
in for a treat so sit back and watch
Carlos Lazaro people
boom that's Carlos it's getting to be
like a fall Friday veteran at this point
which is funny cuz I feel like it
doesn't fall as much as it seems but
when he does I guess clearly funny or
terrible because one having broken
boards gonads either way super nice dude
I'll put his Instagram right down in the
info so definitely follow them and like
what you see but if you like this video
hit the subscribe button i drew videos
like this every single day and i
continue to do fall friday um I don't
know when the next was calling might be
in two weeks pipe in three weeks but it
is coming that is the important part but
before i leave you with the hot seat i'm
gonna say yes i do have the best teacher
in the entire world today black friday
is when the force and revive skateboards
winter line came out tons of new awesome
stuff and it might be going faster some
freebies so i'll put the warehouse
wednesday this week that explains
everything at the end of this video but
go over to the shred quarters a car when
it's all up there or a lot of skate
shops across the world are carrying it
with that said I'm gonna go to the shred
quarters and pick friend Patsy time hot
seat i'm normally come in it yeah just
put in your computer in my shop how are
you doing today I'm good how are you sir
I'm doing okay it's a busy day there's a
busy day quick and easy question what's
the first thing you're gonna do on
Christmas P&S shoe that is not what i
expected 100% no question p and issue
you
I do want to but I know Carlos he said
sorry
you
