alright I'm about to try something
stupid this is just a randomness video
but I'm gonna start it out with with
something controlled a little bit I'm
gonna do a triple deck 3 flip okay wish
me luck people that was the best first
attempt I ever could have hoped for
fYI I just filmed a carpet board video
and I'm so just what that's why I look
like I just got out of the pool when you
guys see this and think hey that's a
good idea I should try that don't it's
terrifying socks you gotta collect your
skateboards there's a secret and I found
it I think
we just saw a guy like carrying three
skateboards on the sidewalk do you think
that he sold
felt fantastic
that was hard
dude LT easier than it was hard and now
I'm done
wow that was way better than it like
that it looked better than it fellow
writes those my filming yeah alright so
thanks for hanging out while I struggled
with that for a second pop and I'm gonna
kick suit you're on with a bunch of
random clips so you guys get your video
worth also tonight at midnight is when
all over the winter line of revive and
force comes out so just a little
reminder if you didn't if you don't know
how to talk about go watch yesterday's
video that'll be linked at the end of
this and I do videos every single day
here so hit the subscribe if you wanna
see more but here is a bunch of random
hopefully entertaining clips for you
guys oh and Alex built this awesome
tunnel for when you walk in oh I just
delivered bad news damage oh sorry I'm
so sorry dude it sucks for me too
huh that's how he processes okay wait I
just saw like a mouse in the warehouse
for the first time and chambers was like
oh it gets cactus here cactuses back
though he says cactuses Bagatelle like
why'd you name it cactus music this is
the first word okay mine yep better than
Mickey yep no offense yeah I don't know
you feel like you're a lampshade doused
in Gatorade a little on fire I don't
know I'm saying hey honk the horn are
you the driver right not gonna launch
you on this thing
just like boo this does not make you
feel that manly what I'm a dad so I get
away with anything I'm a sinner I'm like
acting I'm like entertaining riding when
riding in the other room you're gonna
make this go boo across the room and I'm
gonna hit with light saber okay
you think so ahaha I missed I won her to
the table but I did hit it now it's
behind you is he ha ha
where's Jason Park oh oh yeah
go away get out that ring and he never
admitted it but he wasn't brain
look at that face
you can't see it but he has one gotta
get off Phil Matier
it was amazing there's the guys watching
oh he's got a trick now let's see if he
does it
all right that was I'm leaving I'm
leaving
that was her dig as I'm leaving goodbye
all right pretend you're a crocodile Oh
girls can stand up
