YouTube what is up guys i am doing a
how-to video today and it is to clean
your skateboard I have the very worst
case scenario this is water log this is
clearly muddy this skateboard has been
through the worst and it's been fully
documented so here are some clips of
just how bad this board has been treated
success yeah now I'm going to teach you
how to clean it and hopefully we can get
this board back in action in some aspect
now the water has clearly gotten to it
see all these stress cracks and whatnot
that just happens when you let a board
get wet and don't do anything about it
but we're gonna clean all the mud off
this we're gonna clean the bearings out
scrub everything down put it back
together and hopefully it'll feel
somewhat like a normal skateboard I've
never seen this much dirt on a grip - in
my life before I get into it you are
going to need a dirty skateboard of
course you're going to need a bristle
brush you're going to need paper towels
isopropyl alcohol or some sort of
cleaning solvent equivalent to this some
sort of bearing grease or in this case
I'm using skateboarding varying
lubricants and grip gum is always good
just to keep your grip tape clean in
general also something to scratch with
to get all the mud off I'm using a
screwdriver and then of course a skate
tool because we're gonna take it apart
and put it back together so I'm just
gonna get the big chunks off but like I
said I hope you never have to deal with
it's watch this oh so much do this
outside or like right here I can sweep
this off but if you do this inside it
would look brewing it would ruin
anything
I guess if your girlfriend boyfriend you
found out that they kissed your best
friend or something go do it at their
house oh don't breathe it in either but
now we got the big chunks off and we're
ready to actually scrub this down we got
a bristle brush and we're gonna get it
wet and we're just gonna get a go at it
all right I'm going to dip it a little
bit and just scrub up it's turning it
into mud because there's so much you're
gonna need paper towels throughout this
whole thing we're just gonna Pat it down
and try to get that mud off there and
immediately it looks like a better
skateboard look at that all right so I
let this dry for a second you could even
see that there's still marks there I'm
gonna go ahead and scrub this more but
it looks way better of a grip tape then
the yellow muddiness
look at that I did it one more time
again and then I kind of touched up
certain areas but that looks really good
the other side that's another situation
much easier to clean I can go over it
with this and I also forgot to say is
the beginning I have toothbrush for
those detailed spots and your truck's
your wheels and all that stuff basically
just wet it down go over it all and get
the water off the board as soon as
possible I know this thing has been
soaked in water but another kick can
only hurt so much
don't you agree Santa what we could go
over the whole thing I'm not gonna do
too large of an area at a time I don't
want this board to be wetter than it
already is it's beautiful oh my gosh
look at that it's it's literally like
painting the dirt off I really should
have done the trucks first anyway I do
the trucks first so in the fall the dirt
falls your skateboard you don't have to
reclaim it I'm gonna take the wheels off
now they do not spin at all and look at
this oh my gosh if we get that bearing
work again that's gonna be a miracle but
if there's a few casualty bearings it's
not a big deal that does not turn I
cannot turn these bearings I'm gonna set
my wheels and bearings aside and we'll
get to those but I'm gonna clean this
truck up and get it ready because the
bearings is probably the most technical
part of all this there's some steps to
take there's dirt that got wedged behind
the kingpin that's gonna drive me crazy
so I'm gonna go ahead and take off the
kingpin nut pull the truck apart and get
all the gunk out probably not gonna do
too much to you unless you got like a
rock in there or something there's a
bunch of grime right in there and you
can do that very easy won't take you
long then you put it back together
there's the truck I haven't done there's
the truck I have done it's way better
now I'm gonna repeat to the other side
but since you know how to do this I'm
not gonna show you let's just move on to
the wheels board and trucks are
completely clean now we move on to the
wheels and bearings so that this is
going to be the most difficult part too
because as gross as these are it might
be hard to get the bearing out of the
wheel that one was easy
hopefully you just get lucky but you
know depending on what wheel you have
horse wheels are pretty easy to get to
put your bearing on the end of your axle
and kind of pry it off but some wheels
kind of hold on to the bearings that one
bought me
wheel real quick just scrub it use your
bristle brush or your toothbrush
whatever gets it clean these should be
really easy and rewarding too because a
clean wheel I'm getting stuff everywhere
there you go
clean wheel when you skate white
eels in general they kind of turned this
color so don't expect to see a bright
white wheel again unless you skate in
the cleanest environment ever which
doesn't exist
all right now for the parents I am going
to squirt a bunch of this isopropyl
alcohol in here all right
enough in there to just completely cover
eight bearings if you had normal
bearings with shields you'd have to use
something really small and pop out the
shield and then you put it back in but I
actually have shield those bearings so
in this Bordelaise so I'm already one
step ahead and prop your bearing shields
out so it really lets the dirt fall out
of the bearing flash it there we go okay
and we're gonna let that soak just for a
few minutes this is also something
really cool bones makes a bearing
cleaner so you'd put your bearings on
this put the alcohol in here put it down
and shake it just to get it all loosened
up with that said I'm actually gonna use
it but if you don't have this but if you
don't have this just soaking them wood
will be just fine it'll do something to
the bearing then you put a spacer the
spacers are included with this thing all
right all of our bearings are on there
I'm just gonna pour the alcohol into
this all right and I'm gonna shake this
for a couple minutes it just constantly
pulls the alcohol through the bearings
getting all of that dirt out of there
there's like a shake wait right here
alright so I did that for a couple of
minutes the alcohol is now brown shake
it off pull it Taylor Swift we're going
to get a paper towel and we're just
gonna drop these onto it so you can kind
of dry them off now I'm just gonna kind
of
tap the bearings down to try to get the
alcohol out of there you really see it
spread on here there's a lot of alcohol
built up in these and now you're gonna
weigh all the bearings face-up and let's
get our bearing lubricant now already
after doing just that the bearings sound
pretty much brand new this feel really
good and smooth if you get a crusty one
which I just had I basically just keep
smashing it against the wood here to
break up it put it back in the alcohol
shook it up and then I did I repeated
that a few times and it loosened up how
its spinning like a spinner what spins a
DJ spinning like a DJ I'm a terrible
thing I wasn't trying to make you laugh
let's just keep going now the final step
is I'm gonna put just a little drop of
speed cream or whatever type of bearing
grease you're using I'm gonna do one
drop on each side no one didn't get in
there okay and I'm gonna spin and it
already sounds smoother that's the one
thing some of these sounds like you can
kind of hear a rattle of them this one
it's just a smoother sound it's gonna be
a smoother feel too alright so I did its
all the bearings with this make sure you
clean your bearings before using it
because if there's dirt in there it's
just gonna get mixed in with all the
dirt and disgusting stuff so what you're
working backwards if you put bearing
lubricant in a dirty bearing and also
when this dries it'll be even faster so
skate these for a few days and it's
gonna feel a little different and better
and smoother but we're ready to put this
all back together and test out that
skate board which looks nothing like it
did when we started this video all right
the defining moment we have lift-off
keep in mind this board didn't roll at
all when we started and the bearings
might be a little tough just make sure
you like really put your body weight
into it
to get them in there and then when you
tighten it down you can always tight
over tighten it a little bit and it'll
tighten the bearings into the wheel
really good we now have a clean skate
board I know one last thing so here it
is grip tape there's definitely signs of
the grip tape was once caked in mud and
then the stress cracks of sitting in
water for so long and not being taken
care of are there but it's a really good
clean skate board you the grip got my to
mention the beginning look at that gets
rid of gets rid of some of these really
muddy remnant spots it's probably not
gonna kick take it completely off but if
you I'm not gonna do the whole thing but
if you were to do this across the whole
thing it's gonna even look better you
can grab these five dollars at a skate
shop of their work really well look at
that you can see that they used to look
like that now it's back to being kind of
black boom there we go so let's do some
tricks on this and see how it feels it's
probably gonna feel very waterlogged and
weird not a lot of pop but you do have
your skateboard back
sounds like a waterlogged board okay
this is the mud board just very
impressive
very ready all right let's do a few
tricks
literally the only way I can big spin
this if I do not pop is the only way
so there you guys go that was how to
clean your skateboard you I really hope
no one has A's board this dirty in their
life like this was a disaster but the
fact that it came back to life I mean at
the very least the board it definitely
feels like it's lost its pop it's been
wet and muddy for about a year now so
but we know these trucks and wheels are
back in action it's awesome so thanks
for watching I do videos here that are
usually goofier and less informative I
guess but I have a lot of fun here on
this channel skateboarding lifestyle if
you guys want to see more from me hit
the subscribe button right below the
video when you were starting to see more
and that is it I'm done
if you don't have a dirty skateboard you
should go look at it and be like thank
you for not being like that one guys on
the Internet's and kisses I mean how
often do people kiss their skateboard I
don't I don't really want to kiss his
one but hey I'm just gonna leave
I was sitting there I need to do some of
the MS I'm gonna watch my peach first
and you win to do it and took him 20
minutes and I was like are you James is
your peach this big as a house my gosh
you
