where else missing I don't think I don't
think no one throws a bowling ball like
that geez there's Bob's car it's Bob's
car so super the way today - yeah - work
it over there okay yeah Brian
it's a holidays it is the holidays this
is the holidays which means it's project
release time last time we did this
people were like why like why are you
guys showing us probably still skating
it's like we've done this for years
so you're slow to get on the game here
let's change this way you guys go this
way it's product release day that's why
Brian is in full Santa gear okay it's
funny that he's in Santa gear we have a
lot of products coming out
piranha we're gonna show you it all and
then we're gonna skate a little bit but
we've got tons of stuff because this is
the biggest weekend of the year for us a
lot of new skateboards on new wheels
apparel and then we have some Black
Friday and Cyber Monday specials oh yeah
you're gonna hear all about it so you
want to go inside now let's go okay that
was a loud noise whoa whoa whoa what are
you doing here
hi Mustang one I immediately want to
take this hat off so I don't know how
you feel about him being an old Santa
get up this is a very hot costume but
I'm gonna I'm gonna suck it up and own
it he's gonna suck up the casas we're
all right we got stuff in there buy
wheel company we're starting we're
starting with four skiers we're gonna be
going a little faster through this
because we have so much to show you guys
first yeah this heaven principle this is
the principle hoodie on a bolt suck
hoodie pay for principal pebbles suck
hoodie Michael Scott it's a lightweight
hoodie you zip it up you zip it down you
get inside you go all around
it's a mid-weight hoodie not a
lightweight hoodie it's a Midway head
with no thicker than the lightweight
ones are you guys pretty wet it's great
it has a zipper got a pullover
oh wow this is the detention hoodie
three d-stroid detention block we're
really going to be strike 3d strike
block it's good you put it on though in
all snowflakes actually just her away
from you so you it's kind of magical
it's like Harry Potter design like
literally defends against notes this one
this this is the air in Cairo the Aaron
Carter yeah this is a three-strike tea
in maroon it's good shirt and go figure
Aaron Cairo is the principal this is a
movie ticket to Zootopia oh you think
this would be the murder the principal
team it's actually a mercenary
Oh everything yes
now pebbles suck tea 2017 though yeah at
70 this is a third time we were graphic
yeah
when you think about this is kind of a
gruesome graphic because we're not gonna
like necessarily guns or anything but it
looks like someone shot a window with a
gun that's so gruesome it's very slow
group and then the drain door just said
pebble sucks so this this window had
things pent up inside you need to get
out and this was it to the space space T
what who named that you it I did yeah
okay this is the confined space T
confined space okay a lot like the
detention block stop when you're in life
when you get order if you say you don't
skateboard you might be finding yourself
putting having to put together a
skateboard for no reason so what you
need this you need to start skating
again and then you need this what you
know I don't know what I'm saying you
know 3d strike tool it is hold a cool we
should find out how durable it is dart
across the room if you did this last
time it worked I know you throw it
across the room right out Justin you see
if that works tough on the kid the allen
key fell out of it I think it's gonna be
good to go but if your name's Alan you
don't need a key anyway what my head is
not cold right now because I have a
Santa meeting on you can have a force PD
which is better than Santa beanie
because on the table periodic elements
it means that say where you're never
gonna be on force why would I put design
pronounces brandish its what do you mean
tell them that cuffed beating is a cuff
beanie good to Starbucks you get a free
drink I didn't say that that's very blue
space back let's face it not everyone
can pull this off I'm not one thing
people you are one of those people where
the hell so it's a cool it works the
same way as a helmet if you would go
look at bad on this is the this is not
your day what is it called this is the
stranded on an island hat no that is get
really pretty strike it is that stranded
on an island this here is a shoelace
belt and you may think this goes in my
shoe well you're wrong okay
and you're very wrong but the customer's
always right so you're right it goes
there anyway it goes on your waist it
holds your pants up it's not you a girl
is to it I love it
does anyone if you're if there can be
only one it's Highlander that is called
the ex accordion player if the 3d strike
shoelace belt that's what's called
quarters great they are great they call
me on Valentine's Day and say hey you
got somebody on my game like
butter cannula I'll let you have him all
right
what my colleague was meaning to say
right now when I started talking before
him is that wheels are happening right
now we've got it wheels wheels okay all
right let's start with the 2017 models
of hepplestone look at that horse look
at that wheel okay
pebble suck and it's not a secret and we
have it our wheels again for the third
time so you can so it comes in 53 55
millimeter and then every millimeter is
a different size so check the website
check the Shred course comm if you want
to see you there in 2035 element every
elevator is a different size 2017 strike
are these okay
there there it is look at that wheel
that's a wheel at the wheel it will not
fit on your car will fit on your ski
boom same thing with those those come
out every single size is a different
color some people are Pro some people
are not we're not gonna talk about
people they're not pro because the pro
people actually have wheels Jason Clarke
is one of those pros yeah this is
Jason's space with a space wheel here's
a Cairo to back it up Aaron Aaron D
Cairo can use her commenting on all the
videos of you are air in the Cairo
where's the deso tells oh I like that
one tells ya like a little spaceship
going on a little Saturn going on oh
here's Johnny mm I like Johnny's a lot
of Johnny's is a great thing
space we got your wheels as always we
have a new sticker pack so you're gonna
get pho of these guys okay Mike flow is
the knower for strikes mm-hmm that's my
cell phone and then you got these for
these called the noodle these are the
noodles the noodles and then these are
the strainer strainer spring a lot of
space is it for floors all this stuff is
dropping on Black Friday at midnight
which is technically Thursday night of
your normal person this right here are
pins or you should be in school you'd be
like I got a pin you're out you're out
of that situation you're not supposed
you don't have love in school I don't
know I'm not saying skip school I'm just
saying these are get you out if you do
don't skip school let's put that other
but their pins okay look at that put
them on your book bag instead you got a
friend look in it got nothing the
packaging on I know
amazing red on red you guys have been
asking for it like crazy I have
literally got about 20 comments a day
asking for this tool and it's finally
here this is the Ganon tool script Ganon
script Ganon script some people like 5
panel and we have one we have another
one
black and red this is prime I favor upon
5 panel we've ever done it's the
mythical graphic it is this is the
confidential you put on your head and
you get free pets and pet store go in to
a pet store so you got this you get a
free turkey you boom some people want to
look like McDonald's this is what you
wear not true let's slowly move in Ohio
you're gonna be super hyped on this one
yes you are because Cleveland ease is
yes yeah this is a script graphic it's
got a yellow maroon kind of another way
it's pretty awesome cool yep hey Kendall
Gaga called and she wants some bling
that's why this la corte shoelace belt
is perfect for all your divas in the
world so yeah it's a gold black color
it's got a mythical graphic on here
another collab with the corner rules I'm
looking for those great now yeah so we
have another version it's a silver
shoelace belt it's got the sketch in
bloom graphic on it little hangtag
so many times awesome sorry some guys
named Alan in the world they have not
been able to revive hardware they
finally get their hardware they're named
Alan this is named Alan everyone is Alan
Alan key hardware you get two gold bolts
six black allen key comes in it don't go
to college without it get him if he's
not gonna hit it with I'm not gonna hit
you with it I go for high fives script
B&E script beanie what's happening Simon
Simon cursive Oh like half of it is this
is our new mythical graphic video hippo
mid-weight hoodie this is the it's not
you it's me hoodie you put this on you
put it off you be inside it and you're
warm all the time everywhere for any
reason at any time this one is called
this was a mistake all right no no yeah
no no the hoodie is not a mistake but
the relationship was and that's how we
got that's how we it's not the
all right we got a blooper honey this is
the soul mate tea okay don't make a
mistake and grab the wrong one in life
get this be inside it don't make a
mistake in life get your soul mate
that's our tag line for this one script
cooler running but the force one isn't a
mistake now with that said it's a good
hoodie this is a bagel
it's my bagel it's my cat on a shirt
which is like the greatest I love him I
just love that cat this is the meting
Matty this is the Griffin Griffin Cape
Dom Brown Griffin Griffin D Griffin to
Gryffindor is Scriven door dark Heather
nice yeah don't sue us Harry Potter
escargot scripted tea yeah black shirt
awesome this is a great to see that
every this is one favorite one
okay I mean I don't even have a copy of
it yet a copy of it I would want to eat
eat my my chest
taco tea probably caught a taco tea it's
called heaven talk a call to heaven it
is called heaven as I feel really good
it's a great name for spot called heaven
I know the passwords another I know the
the new coder codes
I'm actually okay that we're gonna call
the Hevesi it's called heaven it's
called heaven we have socks never run
him on right now they're right these are
called the now with now you get to
experience through me how great these
feel you put them on your feet I'm not
only gonna land tricks I'm gonna get
exactly the video game I wanted
Christmas oh they're slippery's it's
great because you can slide across the
hardwood floors in your house I
genuinely slipped there that was a joke
gay born you have these do you know
legit slipper you got to the track this
is frost the moment you guys have action
waiting for
thank you for brick with everything
brian has said unfortunately I've been
trying to keep it interesting the whole
time
oh yeah yeah what do we got here the
best skateboard ever made this is the
wax good series
I cannae Costa taco yeah this is a taco
for what good taco
go it's the greatest deck ever made and
then if you don't like talking with your
wrong but you have this deck yep let's
good hugger
this is also a great deck my bike hat
bagel bagel get it they're all food
names but one was a cat it's true he's a
cute guy yeah that's the whole reason
exist because you guys were one of the
blue women white sketch Nick the feeling
about this is that you guys wanted it
now you have it it's sketchy Pro oh man
like an errand car oh these are great
yeah we got my car Oh mrs. Hill serious
miss level serious Aaron Kyra's got a
Phoenix which means if you kill him he
will come back so just FYI Doug's a
Minotaur which means you probably can't
kill him because it's just a big block
of Minotaur strong which means the board
is just the same as the other boards are
strong as an ox let's give God Johnny
it's a great character he's three shades
of nice every shade of nice in each face
Johnny got your people best work it's
called a three nice face dad Oh Johnny
got your servers servers yep all right
now this one is a board we want to make
four like xendrius this is a premium
deck okay we had to put a little more
pizzazz into this one platinum white
wine that is a silver foil that's on
this more it is a shiny guy
it's a silvery can you see it I can see
just a little glimmer Hey glimmer you
can see a reflection you can Wow so it's
gonna be a little more premium couple
more dollars for this I think it's gonna
be 45 maybe $45 so it's it's a $45 deck
but I mean and that's just because it
cost more for us to make yep but yeah
these might go fast
fYI shops have been very excited about
this big yes she's doing very very well
so people are like on that we actually
have a sticker pack here with a bagel we
got the horseshoe and then we've got the
turret tourniquet nope no script script
and lettuce we also have sham group for
Doug and Doug's got a new little pin
coming out look at his license plate on
a pin that is all for the products but
even more bonus exciting stuff to be
excited about that is giveaways okay
it's Black Friday and Cyber Monday after
that we got some stuff to give to you
guys for free for certain things when
you're ordering over the weekend Friday
through Cyber Monday the entirety so
Black Friday through Sunday any domestic
order of 100 bucks you can get free
shipping free shipping over 100 bucks
domestic absolutely internationally
defender brought you spend 150 bucks and
get a free horse beanie that's the only
way to get that beanie
yes you want way to get 150 bucks
internationally all right you spent over
$50 on revive for us whatever you want
to do you're gonna get a free shoelace
belt the TD Tod actual expell is not for
sale in store if you only were to get a
current total dude belt then if you
spend over 75 bucks I didn't know this
was happening you are going to get a
free signed copy of this poster from
handy truck I did sign it but I would
have never I it's just weird
okay this is weird but if you guys
wanted is there I just feel like an
idiot so for you guys to get all this
stuff you don't have to do anything when
you hit check out in the store little
pop-ups going to happen it's going to
just be free you know you just click on
it's going to add it to your cart if you
qualified you know spent the appropriate
amount of money on the store it'll check
we have an authorized agent what happens
at check I got that check out button and
you'll see all this stuff kind of pop up
on Monday Cyber Monday every order look
every by sticker pack or a piece of
hardware you're gonna get a copy of live
skate dye for free the digital download
digital download so you have to pops up
on the screen click yes you want a free
copy of live skate die and then don't
have every word we're gonna get a copy
of it you can order anything you can
order a sticker pack and you get a free
copy I'm gonna skate die digitally yep
so that is all of the product and all of
the Black Friday specials I know that's
a lot of information all of it most of
it will be read said down there in the
info but it's this Friday when as soon
as it hits Black Friday here in an
Eastern Standard Time that's when all
the stuff goes live so it's gonna be you
know midnight Thursday night which goes
into Friday morning and then you know if
you're in different time zones figure
out where that is but as soon as it hits
Black Friday boom the gates are open to
you guys can get all the stuff yeah
thank you guys for making this happen
because it's been incredible over the
years and we got some cool stuff this
year so hope you guys like it too yeah
this is probably my favorite release of
everything and like he just said I want
to say from the bottom of heart thank
you guys it is a dream come true that
we're doing this that we have even a
sliver of a job in skateboarding so uh
and a celebration of that we're gonna do
some skateboarding for you yep are you
gonna skate in that I'm gonna skating
this is gonna be fun to be terrible if
I'm gonna it's gonna be hard not gonna
be fun I don't need laughing I'm gonna
do one trick and then I'm done yeah I
don't need wax ever again because I got
these sucks
alright let's do this
oh yeah medially hollowed-out her bagel
board dude
watch
so that's it guys thank you guys for
hanging out with us welcome to all the
new product we're so excited to release
it and like I said it's this Friday so
as soon as the clock strikes Black
Friday here in Ohio Eastern Standard
Time it's all up for grabs and the Shred
quarters calm so a lot of shops have it
too so definitely check that and is it
support your elope I think JLo got the
best track dude now you think about that
run be able to do this Hong Kong's
connect it was fun times oh you got
right Santa I'm okay so that's it merry
Thanksgiving yep
bonus time you guys might wonder why I
was holding this skateboard Deathstar I
can skateboard we're missing I'll tell
you guys next week all about this uh
thing so boom Shaquille O'Neal uh Power
Rangers he has a plastic leg
