we have a fun video for you guys right
now what are we doing bean bag video
inside this box is apparently a very
large bean bag and also a smaller bean
bag never box you're crazy boy come on
get out it's compressed I have no idea
how this could work Oakland over the
boxes explodes the exciting this is from
sumo lounge calm
they have epic bean bags and we've got
to you already open this up right oh my
gosh that is rock hard it is gonna
explode get down get down you're crazy
kid but those are there this is going to
explode in my face hey cats we have a
box you're playing what do you think
yeah
oh whoa okay wait wait oh my gosh I'm
like paranoid do you need to get tickle
before you do this yeah please are you
sure oh yeah I'm gonna tickle you just
be sure just to be sure I'm gonna tickle
you okay oh my gosh this is what a bean
bag looks like before it's uncompressed
gosh hold on you hate grab these chunks
reading and just pull it we got rolling
around okay Roger get up I'm gonna fluff
it I'm gonna flood this is gonna be so
fun ready Tommy all right
close your eyes don't do that when no
one's around though okay yeah I know II
shouldn't cover like that now we're
gonna put on the black liner they sent
with it and we're gonna do some beanbag
jumping aren't we
or you are actually I'm just gonna be
filming riding what time is it
whew are you ready for some big jumps we
ready for some big jumps let's go this
is huge how did it fit in that box right
yeah it barely fits this you do that
does not help you get off you don't jump
too far okay you don't to go past it
does that fun are you okay
on that hood whoo wow that was weird
should fall into your back dude beggar
are you gonna do it Hey
how you gonna do a bagel come on come on
I don't think VidCon video it bad this
is gonna be a week boy was that fun yeah
we can't tell mom what we can tell mama
Le Guin she's gonna see this video dude
was that fun yeah
and going to mom and dad's room this is
the one time you can jump off our
dresser oh come on no no not that one
that one I don't know if I can get it in
here my gosh it is so big you're already
up there all right you hold on don't
move
who's that bud man bagel really loves
watching you do this yeah don't don't
put your legs on there I'll put you up
okay is that gold
yeah ridin do you want to jump off the
bed yeah you think you may get to this
hold on hold on hold okay that answers
that
hey you can be good oh my gosh you
barely cleared it buddy don't be too
much of a daredevil dude what if we got
the trampoline let's get the trampoline
oh I get to take it through the door
again right and I have so many dangerous
that your mob wouldn't let me do it but
I'll let you do it
come here come here you want to jump off
this post we are gonna yelled out for
this okay hold on let me let me
because you should never stand on this
post okay I'm just letting you this time
here hold on to that all right you got
it wait wait wait wait wait do it you
okay
look at me who is that awesome let me
fluff this out we can't have it get into
all right now let's get the trampoline
that was crazy
you're never supposed to be on that okay
and especially never without dad holding
on to you right next to you okay all
right I love you traveling traveling
time I could get up there so much faster
than you you would just ran me off the
road
nope yeah but up here did it ha ha I'm
further thought we're gonna bring the
beanbag up here we're just funny
get going dude get it going what oh my
gosh well here's my workout for the day
oh my gosh hey you wanna do a dad son
flip combo all right high five well you
gotta land first you gotta land first
bounce and bounce and bounce and that
was awesome
one and two and three is that fun right
you want to do a 360 how I throw you on
the bed oh yeah be fun your undies fell
off I think what you're referring to is
a wedgie oh did ride and get a wedgie
that might hurt was that fun buddy that
was pretty cool isn't it they're out of
luck that's why I was saying if I
shouldn't do with the mask on dude no
more masks okay this is your face okay
yeah all right buddy you put your
trampoline back in your corner okay and
I'll get this back downstairs you wish
you could keep this up there don't you
hey hey oh my gosh get up let me dad
hasn't even sat in it yet I haven't
actually properly Saturday you get you
get up come on get up turkey all right
here it is
well that is comfortable oh of course
you're coming alright a little bit about
this video I was talking to my wife
about my office downstairs which has
like a video game Center and sits like
just like my room kind of my little
escape from the world room slash office
and she was like you should get beanbags
I was like you know what I was think
about that too and then sumo lounge hit
me up on YouTube asking me if I wanted
beanbags like that day I was like that's
the craziest in the world so I said yes
and I just want to thank them for
sending these because they were nice
enough to send it to me of course I'm
gonna get a feature in a video but but
you guys know that we're gonna have fun
with his bean bag so I thought this
would be a fun video to make clearly
like just from this video make it this
video it's held up and then this super
comfortable still it's huge it's really
awesome so if you guys are interested in
big bean bags that are comfortable
definitely check it out because this is
clearly you see how much riding likes it
but they're really cool seriously I'll
put the link to the website right down
there and then the smaller one we
haven't really gotten our hands on it
too much but it looks like a ok that's
we're riding sleeping tonight uh but
super good super comfy and clearly
durable because ridin just definitely
gave it a little wear and tear test
riding did you did that feel comfy every
time you jumped into it cool so once
again thank you to sumo lounge comm like
I said the links right down there I do
daily videos here myself
everywhere else Wednesday tomorrow which
has all of the revive and force winter
lines so stay tuned for that ridin but
you can't do it that close look look
what's over here so stay tuned um and
that's it I do daily videos here so
you'll see more from me red take it away
for the under
Ryden I want you to imitate a beanbag
alright alright I'm gonna jump on you
huh - scare you wha he didn't seem that
scared
say bye YouTube bye YouTube there's feet
