and if I do not all eat first try I get
punched in the face
I want that satisfy me I know you do so
I'm gonna warm up I'm gonna do it first
try YouTube what is up guys this is a
blogger sewed it is a super skate heavy
vlogger sewed and there's two different
parts of it first off I'm gonna show you
a really cool edit I did with Steven
STIs which anchor had me doing which is
my tech sponsor over here look at all
these anchors look at this beautiful
Ennis JP you left your two bucks and
then after that I'm going to skate a
double set hopefully a trick for my
video part but the thing is is that I
made a deal of brine names he thinks
that I'm gonna mess up the ollie for the
first my first try and if I do not alia
first try I get punched in the face so
that's gonna be fun I don't want to get
punched in the face but I really think I
could land up for his dry alright so but
right now I am going to miss what you
guys are watching this at it I'm going
to be signing a ton of posters of myself
and this was not my idea all of sudden
posters came to the warehouse and
they're like we're gonna give signed
posters of you away personally it's
weird for me like here you want my
autograph I don't really like that idea
but if people ask me for an autograph
that's cool I'll give it to him but
either way we're giving away a ton of
sign stickers of me kick folded over 500
X so it's a Black Friday special stay
tuned for more info but watch this edit
and I'm going to get to signing YouTube
what is up guys so anchor one of my
favorite companies in the entire world
sent me these sound buds these are for
your ears I love skating with music I
love cruising down Beechmont Avenue this
to the street I grew up on I also hate
ear buds at the same time because when I
get sweaty they fall out of my ear
ironically enough these are supposed to
not fall to my ear and anchor asked me
to do a video on a microbe if you're
gonna claim that they don't fall out of
your ear I have the perfect thing I'm
gonna cruise down my strip each bun
Avenue and I'm gonna skate with these in
my head jamming out and I'm gonna make
it fun I'm gonna have Steven Steve's
here film and edit all this for you so
you get to experience a night out
skating with me at the same time we're
going to test if these actually stay on
your ear
let's open these up put them on my head
and let's go so these are the newest
model the sound buds NB 10 oh they have
that thing that goes around your head
there they these are wireless so I don't
gotta have things dangling for me which
is what I usually doing
you
some holes
oh well that worked I'm not kidding I
mean I believe in anchor usually if they
told me that a battery that charge your
phone forever I be like all can't
believe your anchor these totally work
they were firmly I met your the whole
time these are awesome
he'll anything weird is that I'm not
used to not hearing my board so much
because I never skate with your budget
I'd get used to that but man just
cruising with music is awesome Thank You
anchor for sending me these along with
all the stuff you said me I'm so proud
and happy to be repping these guys
because I truly believe in what they do
they're actually giving away a bunch of
these they're doing an event right now
where you get 20% off and giving away a
handful of these not put that link right
down there but the totally stayed in my
ear and all their other stuff rules so
thank you once again
anchor forever that's it I hope you guys
dug this I'm gonna move on to the next
segment of this blog is owed and keep it
going for you guys but there's some
little night skating party that was the
most standard amount of skating I do on
the street I've done those tricks since
I started skating and learned them there
you guys go I hope you liked that I was
so hyped to work with anchor on that and
I'd like to thank Stephen Steves or
filming editing that he used my a7s2 so
it looked really pretty but the event
they're doing they're giving away 50
earbuds and to anyone in the US or UK
and there's a link to this event right
down the info so check that out if you
want to win some of those amazing ear
buds and that's it
and the information is down there but
we're going to get on with this vlogger
sewed and we're good to go
hopefully not get punched in the face I
signed these for like 20 minutes that's
all the time I had and I didn't get any
done signing stuff apparently takes a
lot of time so okay I'm an idiot
I forgot to grab my ugly Christmas
sweater because at the same time I'm
trying this trick I'm doing a photo
shoot for this guy right there for the
holiday catalog I could get a lunch on
the go I got to grab my Christmas
sweater from my house and like I get
back here so we can get to that dull set
that is the plan let's do this
quick-launch pintos and beans pizzas and
cheese whatever this I need this let's
get back to this red quarter so I can
hopefully eventually not get punched in
the face
so I came back to shakers and I grabbed
this because I'm making a finger
boarding video on my channel with it
soon it's like the greatest finger
boringly ever and then I grab my stuff
and I'm going to this double set so
let's go office I'll see you tomorrow
I'm here and long drives made me tired
it's like a 45-minute Drive and I'm the
first one here so feel better get here
we all have a lot of time fortunately
these people are nice enough to let us
stay here this is an awesome double set
I believe Sam fest from gap to backside
video baby that is nuts
there's Craig I did it we got a smaller
sign this time I'm pretty sure I said
Brian I made a bet with Alex and there's
a whole video I explained to them that
bet with Brian right Brian you would
love to get a punch me the head so how
man have you been if I were to let Brian
punch because I oh I want that satisfied
I know you so I'm gonna warm up I'm
gonna do it first try
the moment is calm Alex are you ready I
get to get punched
I also ruin my dreams Holly first show
that you know you just got to punch me
in the head yeah I mean don't like not
in the outdoor anything it's gonna
probably hurt me more than it hurts you
like nerves here I mean it's gonna be
concussion if he punches me as hard as
he can he's a nice guy red spot I just
do it ah gosh that was hard you might
have got me a concussion
that was all you we do it for the temple
was you in the face technically no what
I'm doing
did I hurt I turned my light on go
figure I landed second try I'm gonna go
put a sweater on a kickflip in Newry
oh it's a perfect day out it is not
perfect for a sweatshirt no one ever
says that like it's perfect people
actually say it's perfect spot your
mother I'd hope they're not gonna say
that today though if it takes me a while
I'm gonna be a sweaty mess you got it
okay just for everyone's screaming on
internet have a red shirt on
I'm gonna be honest I love how I touch
there and I have to do it again I wanted
to spend more time on my kickflip you're
gonna do it again I touch doubles like I
can't go I don't know why there's a
butterflies ball that had to be the most
careful with them on probably so casual
that it may look small did it oh yeah it
did like but I just came from the forced
air your style is hilarious out out
Brian look at this oh my gosh I landed
it I landed it pretty fast actually and
it was like slightly sloppy and I wanted
a different angle so I tried to clean it
up and I destroyed myself over and over
again gosh so I can't cover this spot
without beating myself up but I landed
the trick for the photo and then I got
my trick for my video part and if I'm
back here I might try clean it up but my
body can't take much more of this my
gosh and this guy now do you feel bad
for punching me the head starting are
you I feel terrible it's a bottle flip
so you can become more trendy just take
that back take it I actually am doing a
father-son bottle flipping - I think
that's it guys thank you for hanging out
for this little day trip I do lated
daily videos here every day so I do
daily videos every day I do daily videos
so I will see you guys tomorrow
and and then the next day the next day
that's it
let me guys I'm gonna go pass out and
hopefully sleep for the rest day I'm
just kidding I'm a dad that's Ned that
never happens
Brian stole this from me this is mine
