YouTube what is up guys today I am going
over skate shoes one time I did a video
on how to pick your skateboard today I'm
at the skate shop this is concrete city
skateboards and I'm here to go over how
to pick your first skate shoe or if you
just don't know how to pick skate shoes
I'm here to help you let's go
today you are finally once again Timmy
from Arkansas been a while yes we are
back where the dude himself Timmy from
Arkansas like I said this is concrete
city skate shop here in Cincinnati
there's a handful awesome skate shops
today this is the one that on the east
side of town
this dude is always here he's a good guy
he lets me film you guys have seen my
videos but we're both going to help you
learn about some skate shoes let's go to
the wall what I'd like to say that these
light boxes are amazing yeah also the
shrubbery you got going in here is
pretty cool too they may the gardener
Timmy the gardener I like that here is
like a domination of Vannes we also have
some awesome soul tech stuff right here
but vans are good thing to pick up just
because it shows you that there are high
tops hold it
what are the pros and cons of a high top
one ankle support boom you got that
right for pros if you got a lot of
 you will get four not
anglers hey guys so we're getting
hitting them in the ankle with your
skateboard this this is extra padding
and we'll protect it when it comes to
the sole and the penis around it then
take it meet you go either way you guys
put on the shoe I probably gonna take
that I'm sure you do then take it yeah
you're gonna answer your mom you're in a
video right now mom since Jimmy Marco
actually works here he's a working right
now something go about it it's kind of
weird that I started with talking about
the high top aspect of this shoe first
there's low there's mid tops then
there's high tops and like it's pretty
obvious the high tops are gonna have
more ankle support the low tops are
gonna feel kind of slimmer and easier to
move in
but the main thing which is which I
should have started with is this sole
I'm gonna go with that so you put on a
shoe and it feels like the ground is too
kind of close to your foot like it feels
like a thin shoe that shoe is gonna have
pros and cons for depending on what
you're skateboarding on all right I'm
gonna use s example I ride for s and I
love these shoes okay this is an excel
slim it has a slightly less bumpy sole I
can feel my board better which makes
better for board control you know flip
tricks technical stuff manuals technical
grinds flip and flip out it's gonna be a
little easier in a shoe that you're feel
you're born in now this right here is
the Swift this is my all-time favorite
skate shoe ever I think it is good it's
a in Mario Kart okay you grab Mario Kart
you get Mario and hit
cart and that's like that you know it's
going to be a decent setup alright this
is like the Mario of skate shoes I swear
it has a little um for your soul which
you can't figure board as well but it's
not like too thick where you can't feel
your board but when you're jumping down
stuff it doesn't hurt your feet which is
a game changer for me okay I have to be
able to like jump down stuff and not
feel like I'm not gonna be able skate
the next day no it's totally a double
negative I have to go to jump down stuff
without getting hurt so I'm saying one
thing when it's coming to souls like I
said like the thicker soul you've got to
jump down easier make sure even if it's
a thinner shoe that you have some
padding down there because what will
happen if you don't you become a ginger
have no soul no that's come on we're
gonna Huber's and that is way worse than
not to say that was better
alright whatever it sucks Huber's are
the worst because you'll get one and if
it's really deep inside your heel and
sometimes it takes like two weeks to
fully go away and you have to take days
off skating and you do not want that
yeah you actually only ever get one heel
bruised and they just read you pretty
much over and over again like my recent
one I hadn't had one in years and I had
one and it just liked it like three
weeks later I still felt that it was
awesome all the way back from the dead
it did it literally IRA's Amba my my
humors let's talk about toe caps Oh toe
caps trending I'm gonna let you take all
of this yeah the one they are okay there
are some crazy toe caps these days let's
let's see them all take this America
which is actually at least this one is
black we were just talking about this
because a lot of them are white and I
think it makes it look like you have
clown shoes on your feet but there's
there's one that's white I might be
making fun of a little bit but if this
is your thing as your thing and skate
what you like don't care what anyone
says if it feels comfortable in skates
great that is what matters
but this is what I'm talking about okay
so you got a crazy toe cap which this is
actually one of the milder ones too
there's there's some out out there that
are huge alright look it looks like your
hand yeah it does so this is a pretty
normal one this is a classic shape this
one actually goes around the toe which
from your from your experience does it
actually protect the shoe longer okay
for people that do a lot of kickflip
that's you like to do a lot of kick
clubs they would help you out me I do
more heel flips than cake flip so for me
that's not necessarily something I need
to look for so when you are looking at
shoes don't necessarily go by other
people's recommendations but think about
where your wear and tear is as for me
mine is more up at the top then down
here so I need to think more about where
my laces are going to be than where my
kickflip is there you go so your toe cap
and where all the protection around is
the shoe it's a really good point that
depending on what type of skating you do
it's what you need to be worrying about
so as a general I would try to get a
shoe that has a little bit of everywhere
and we use excel slim for this which is
what you're skating right there this is
just kind of a decently padded shoe that
has a good stitched toe cap it's black
on black so it's kind of hard to see um
so it's not too heavy it's not
non-existent it's there it's just a good
medium shoe so find something that just
kind of looks like a basic little bit of
everything shoe and go with that and you
can kind of vibe where you want to go
from there not non-existent means it is
it it does exist it's not too much but
it does exist if that is anybody else's
brain as much as mine I would like to
talk about lace protectors but
apparently the industry just decide to
throw those this isn't 1995 gosh I used
to have lace protectors on shoes but
whatever it's a thing if you find a shoe
that does have lace protectors cherish
it it's awesome
all right last topic but one of the
bigger ones is vulcanized or cup sole
okay so a vulcanized shoe is this okay
basically it has the the bottom of the
shoe and the body they put it down and
they kind of tape it around a bit they
set the upper in there and then they
wrap the white around it to hold the
upper and the lower together so you guys
never get the the talking shoe heel
thing when it comes rips off that's why
because it's not it's two separate
pieces not one solid piece let's go over
the pros are vulcanized or that's gonna
be slightly lighter it's gonna feel a
little slimmer to the cup size or
bulkier so this means you're gonna most
likely build a feel your board you're
gonna have a slightly more board control
in that aspect and it's gonna be a
little bit cheaper this could be a
little cheaper but the con is that it
will fall apart that's slightly easier
but again it's what you skate
if you don't tear apart shoes super fast
and you don't like jump down stuff and
you don't need them but if you jump down
stuff and you want shoes that are gonna
built like a tank maybe you should go
with the
so capsule so this the shoe sits inside
the sole and it is stitched into it and
it cuffs and it cups it just as a quick
review the cup sole the upper sits in to
the soul and the vulcanized sole is has
a wrap to hold it together but thinner
easier for board feel thicker easier to
jump down stuff with will protect your
foot a little bit better dude
ah that's good being such a good noise
so there you guys go just to reiterate
you know pay attention to your soul
that's the biggest part and then the
kind of the feel of the outside of the
shoe on it and how your board feels in
relation to that so if you want a
slimmer shoe your book you're gonna get
banged up a little easier you have more
risk for injury it might wear down
easier but you're gonna feel your board
better and then the UM pew of the shoe
the more skin protects you and the more
you can jump down stuff so there's pros
and cons of everything but the main
thing is just pick a shoe and see what
you like I personally completely back s
in America the whole sole tech family
but I've been riding 4s for a little
while now and I bet the S Swift is the
greatest shoe ever I swear I'll say that
till the day I die and s if you guys
ever get rid of that I'm going to whine
and complain about it for the rest of my
life
oh I hope that wasn't too confusing we
were all over the place I hope that
actually helps some people figure out
buying a skate shoe but like I said you
know just putting them on your feet and
vibing mount is the best way to do it
one thing I want to say is go to your
local skate shop and buy the shoes there
I always like to preach give money back
to the skateboarders um if you don't
have a local skate shop you know there
are online skate shops ran by
skateboarders I have one myself the
strike or calm is down the info or you
can come to this lovely skate shop
congress's skateboards is this Ohio and
say with me lady you'll see me might see
and you might see me
knows who knows he got way more excited
right there
and speaking of this dude I'm going to
show you some of his uh escape footage
he released a video last year and he has
some BX footage so the screen is going
to shrink a little bit that's gonna be
good stuff no not that it's gonna go to
the skate it just likes to you have one
more tip I do have one more tip most K
chop people won't tell you this because
they're trying to sell you shoes and I'm
not I'm here for you guys so when you
first get your shoe before you even
skate it go to anywhere get super glue
and super glue all your stitching and
make your shoes last twice as long and
if that doesn't work or you guys don't
believe me
hit me up personally on Instagram and we
can slice it right but I'd bet money on
me I'm just going to say I would win
because I already beat ante up like 55
different times this week
No
yeah
Oh
hey man those some good skate footage oh
thanks
I'm Elise um a normal name today kind of
you're Timmy from Arkansas yeah well
people are getting confused in the
comments all right who is this guy what
is his real name I think you're Kenneth
in my recent video uh well there goes up
girls one Saturday yeah the one we just
filmed yesterday you're Kenneth oh yeah
I was convicted wasn't I yeah how's your
new camera so record button work
