is that a warhead is that sour in my
office on the table is the surprise okay
just don't open them yet don't open them
yet
open them
life lesson guys sometimes you do the
right thing and the results still sucks
and that was me today okay this is gonna
be a good longer show but first I got to
go to the dentist and because there's
this small filling that I need to get
done I've been to the dentist so many
times this year getting my teeth fixed I
thought I was done
apparently not so I'm going to do that
and if my face looks funny that is why
okay so my face is like we're you know
dead like numb on one side and I'm spare
with me guys it's gonna cut I'm gonna be
done with this dentist stuff let's do it
I'm mad
and my face is no good oh wow whistles
it works watches it doesn't happen so
hopefully my face dee dum this up over
the period of this video but um what's
gonna happen is I'm about to do some
work here then I'm going to be my little
guy ridin and I might take him to these
shred quarters where I have a board one
revives new boards I'm gonna let you
guys see a sneak peak of it it's the new
winter line it actually has my cat bagel
word bagel he's a daredevil oh yeah look
at you there's a shirt and a deck of my
hat bag it's awesome career Vega what
you're you're not getting fed I'm trying
to just just your face bagel come on hey
career there you go
this is bagel hey he's not happy because
I'm not feeding them so much I cried and
then Surprise them that his cat is on a
skateboard gosh my face looks so dumb
right now I know what is no
skateboarding we'll have some fun right
now work time
and right when I start to work they go
to sons he's in the Christmas spirit -
he looks so - you do and you're on a
skateboard all right so the work that I
need to get done is done I'm gonna grab
the little guy and actually bring him
back here
but you're not gonna see that part I
don't think I'll explain later my mouth
is still not onion by the way this is so
annoying
oh I do not want to hit my wife's car
Rizzo
okay so we stopped at home because
before going to the warehouse the little
guy and I are filming a turbo toy time
video and right in is pretty psyched on
mom's decorations aren't you we got some
Lego Christmas stuff happening
we got a pine cone if your boy turn oh
wow
you were mean towards YouTube weren't
you it is several toys on them so we'll
cut and then we'll be headed to the
warehouse for a little bit of surprise
for this guy not gonna tell you
and why does surprise me feel about oh
is that a warhead is that sour food was
that sour oh my gosh
oh my god was that bad okay so we're
finally going to the warehouse I walked
in and that was happening music so I saw
it before he put it his mouth at all
think that looks like a warhead those
sour things and it was like this is not
safe come on hit down yeah that was
that's a warhead
come on your hair I'll get BK Alberta
Canada he all in what would you do if I
told you that I was getting a job at
Jurassic Park huh
I'm gonna be eatin someone fell asleep
let's go in my office and you walk
through the door on the table is the
surprise okay you don't get to keep it
it's gonna be dance but you we but you
get to play with it - okay okay here go
okay close your eyes close your eyes
don't open them yet don't open them yet
open them mmm that's bagel aren't you
excited about this that is your cat on a
skateboard the the real thing is
fluffier isn't it so I thought that
knees put together new skateboard we put
together we skate a little bit we'd
skate on bagel and it's not everyone
that gets their cat on a skateboard okay
okay all right all right all right you
just kissed this skateboard so we're
gonna put together get daddy's put new
one together and we're gonna put this on
we're gonna skate bagel hey and there's
a shot hey there's a shirt too it's we
didn't get a smaller made for you but
we'll get the small size we'll put the
smallest size we have on you and it'll
look huge on it that's not ideal
whoa all right let's go do it all right
you carry that and I'll carry my older
one okay a lot lot simpler than here
whoa a lot of cute boxes there's
actually shoes in those right in you
want to know something ambition snow
skates wants to give you a snow skate
your very own and this is the one I
chose for you they're sending you that
so yeah by the way we have ambition snow
skates in there on the straight quarters
calm and if you are anywhere near snow
this winter you're gonna want those are
so fun okay so I came over here to get
stickers from my grip tape and there is
totally hey that's a good yes it is
we're totally getting one once okay Hill
you're not gonna choke yourself buddy
not going to my dad dad yeah look at it
up creepy skull huh yeah yep
so now I'm putting it together look how
good bag was already looking cool brick
go on see oh you gotta get a hold it
firmly up there there you go you're
doing good hey can you just put together
all my skateboard from now on yeah you
don't want to do that for me there's big
order board hey you gotta have a helmet
on ask a buddy write it I'm about to
kick flip or cat you wanna kick flip big
haul
I did it
the second time I've ever tried that
what did you build graveyard looks like
it looks like a graveyard of the toy
aisle yeah that's a ridin wanted to do a
couple tricks on bagel the cat
I forgot his helmet anyway which is a
bad dad move on me but there's this
random bike helmet here that technically
fits him who's stand up there you go you
got it in the air dude hmm here is it on
your board do it oh that was a good
first try did that feel good that's
awesome now skate in the distance go
away
get out here I meant you I've been to
you when these boards came in this is
part of the winter release I thought it
was too cool not to make a video and
kind of get riding in it because he
loves his cat so much beigel literally
sleeps on the end of his bed most nights
all throughout the night and uh I know
we love our cat and I'm really proud
that he's on the skateboard now so this
stuff comes out on Black Friday but it
actually will unveil the whole line this
Wednesday so stay tuned for that where
else Wednesday but I'm gonna go to I'm
gonna go to Target right now and I'm
gonna buy an ugly sweater for the
holiday photoshoot which I need to get
on because the pictures come out real
soon so we're done skating actually it's
just gonna change on Abby at home and
I'll show you the took the sweater I got
so before he was Batman he worked at
Subway
and just like that and in riding were
back in the car and driving away from
Target we totally forgot to put this on
you there is there's the star of this
video hey you're famous you're on a
skateboard and you're running away
alright you are just here Bay go look
it's yourself Hey
look he's like it's a mirror let me
touch it oh okay but that is it for this
video just a heads up guys we just
uploaded up father-son hand boarding
over on turbo toy time so click that
link in the corner or it's in the info
and at the end of this video I think you
guys will dig it so definitely check it
out that's it thing guys for watching
tune in on Wednesday for all of the
winter line it's gonna be really awesome
hey anything you want to say to YouTube
uh it's not the books I fail when you
open them the monsters come out okay
Lowe's open one yeah what's over one but
if there's no monster gonna come out
maybe some other time
oh and I know oh and I don't know if I
told you about the ugly Christmas
sweater thing but that will be on
mondays vlogger so so I'm not gonna show
it to you in this one but check back on
Monday I think it's a Monday the 21st
whatever remember that is
you
