I am going to clap my head off don't you
what's up guys this is an update video
I'm gonna talk about my life I'm gonna
talk about my companies I'm gonna talk
about my videos and all that stuff and
if you care to listen then you're going
to continue watching if not then you're
like what should I press it I don't know
sure you know what we shall be
rebellious life is actually really great
right now it's a crazy week okay just
like every week is next week is gonna be
the busiest of the year it comes with
companies but I'm home for the rest of
the year for the most part I've got a
little I got I got a little New Year's
celebration with the lady but until then
I'm just at home and that's like a month
and a half like that is unheard of for
me okay so I'm really excited because
all I get to do is stay in Cincinnati I
get to hang out with a little guy I get
to make videos again edit videos I get
to every much live my life and not sleep
as much as a light tube but it's good
okay it's I love traveling I love seeing
the world I love skateboarding with
friends all over the place but there's
something kind of nice just about being
at home okay it's a house look at this
house I actually just had a trip to LA
last weekend we filmed the intro to take
over the world that is a huge stress off
my shoulders because that's the sort of
things that I really need to film for
our full-length necks flowing skate
video are like the intro and then like a
little like the intro to each part and
like little snippets to kind of make the
video feel alive like we're rocking on
getting skate footage we got a bunch of
that it's just in still be fleshed out
if you may so things are going really
well la was cool except we tried to do
two tricks for the video and it came
close but failed so that was a kind of a
bummer but my parts coming along pretty
good so I can't complain about myself
actually to be honest I get complained
so much about myself
okay for one I can't talk in these
videos pretty much ever but when it
comes to a release date for take of the
world I'm thinking April and we're gonna
be finished up filming in January and
February and then I gotta edit it and
then I gotta send it off and get copies
made so late April early May as wind is
going down be excited I think we're
gonna do a premiere here in Cincinnati
and one out in California so it'll be
it'll be a good time okay especially if
you have a face faces let you see taste
and smell I guess that's the thing that
you're like that's a weird thing to be
hyped on maybe except coffee coffee
smells fantastic so same with hardware
stores
yeah there's some good things all right
the whole face is great Allah I love
having a face
but I'll keep you updated on that in the
meantime we got awesome stuff happening
because it is the winter release next
week that means you get the biggest
release of the year 405 and force and
it's all going down next week on Black
Friday okay things are gonna be
happening if you have hands okay I know
the face was cool that's I'm the hands
okay because you're gonna be able going
to the store and get all the stuff and
we're gonna unveil it on Wednesday I've
actually already leaked one board in a
past video and then I'm tomorrow I have
a video with Rhydon and I that we leaked
another board so hang in there but
you'll get the full line we do the where
else ones they will show all the
products this Wednesday because in the
warehouse but aside from the winter
release raiven force are going good
pretty much we're just doing the same
thing releasing new stuff and love what
we do thank you guys you guys make it
possible so I can't wait we actually
have a huge deal in the works right now
that'll happen next year but some
awesome things are happening for the
company so I would like to say a full
hearted thank you to each and every one
of you my biggest problem with
everything I do is that I'm not able to
like I get so many messages and comments
and just kind words in general people
send me stuff here to revive and it's
just it's heartbreaking that I can't
individually address every single thing
because I get hundreds of them a day
when it comes like messages and whatnot
I mean maybe thousands when it comes to
messages and comments but um it means a
lot seriously you guys are the very best
and all this has happened because of you
so thank you on to the next part when it
comes to the shred course which is my
private skate park right have read on
those a few walls that way we are going
to get a mini ramp the beating and xgi
at least I think so because that's when
we had a lot of flexibility to do things
after the holidays because those usually
go pretty well so we're gonna put it
back in the skate park of course which
will go back to videos for you guys and
I'm definitely gonna mini ramp and then
maybe some like mini hubbas on the sides
of the the three stairs so straight
cores be expanding too guys
speaking of faces I used my face and I
saw dr. strange and he was fantastic
okay is one of those movies that it's
like I didn't know anything about nobody
knows anything about dr. strange and
thus you read them but I don't know
anyone that read those comics but I
walked in and I was like it's the Marvel
movies gonna be good and it was it was
great it was actually it was refreshing
because it wasn't just like things blow
up punch people in the face time of a
superhero movie was a little different
very psychedelic honestly there was like
I was watching and I was like man this
is really cool visually been identified
amazing in anything he does so
definitely check out that and then we
got a fantastic piece it's got a really
good review so far buzz in the Harry
Potter world so you know that's not
gonna mess them I think about saving
right into it I don't know I'm have to
read up and see if there's anything like
crazy I mean the Harry Potter movies
aren't that bad anyway I'm excited that
the world of Harry Potter is bad guys
for sure I will see that and then we got
Star Wars next month I actually almost
had a deal where I would work with a
Star Wars campaign and go to the
premiere and there was something there
was there's there's a reason that I
could not do that and I'm not gonna
explain why but they wanted me to and I
was I'm sorry I can't do this
and a little piece of me died inside
either way I'm gonna watch the movie is
gonna rule oh my gosh
start wars wars in the stars theater
again a long time ago galaxies right
over there you do not want to make Pizza
Hut man finished story time there guys
usually it's something embarrassing
about my past but I'm not I'm not gonna
go embarrassing around I'm gonna go
interesting route okay one time I
smashed my head actually I've done it
twice in my life I was trying to
kickflip again which I'd kick him before
all right it was even if there's footage
of it all out kicked it up many times my
life and something happened and I
slipped out in my head I don't really
know what I don't really know because
when you hit your head your head gets
foggy and I just remember waking up
screaming help me and it was kind of
weird because I wasn't meaning to scream
help me mind my brain was just like
alright dawg you just you just go into
your lalala no I'll take care of this
this is like woke up like me I was like
how long have I been lying here yelling
help me now the bottom of the gap but
apparently I'd only been like 30 seconds
but in my head I'd felt like it was it
was like an hour or something crazy and
then my friends were running over me
scared you're like you're I'm lying on
the ground screaming help me so they're
pretty freaked out now I like just kind
of get up and I try to stand but I'm so
disoriented okay and I kind of like
wobble then I fall over and I look over
and I was like you can laugh I know that
was funny I mean it's considering I just
fell and hit my head and stuff that
wasn't actually that funny they didn't
find it funny they didn't laugh and just
looked at me like I was a freak of
nature like like the person that should
be dead like like just that look like
Andy what happened so I stopped skating
for then actually I stopped skating and
we go to like Taco Bell oh I that was
like the made sense to go we go to Taco
Bell I think I might have worked there
at the time but I was like drinking
water and I was like this is weird I
just hit my head and I
remember like on the way they're seeing
this drop in I was like guys I should
drop in on that and they're like no you
should not and then I just I waited an
hour and I kept skateboarding but it was
I like I actually landed a 50-50 sex
change flow paddle the only time I've
ever tried or land that in my life
later that night but he was such a weird
experience like to blackout like that
and then wake up screaming help me which
it prompts my brain to know what to do
you know I mean I'd like to I don't want
I want to find out but I wonder if I in
other situations in my brain were just
maybe on Jason Bourne okay users
chopping of these abilities I'm done I
don't hit my head again but I kind of
want to unlock my other abilities maybe
there's a cheat code it's scary how much
this looks like a Rudolph costume so the
head is in for this update video guys
videos to come yeah like I said I got a
little longer so that's leaking aboard
tomorrow I've got a little how-to video
I won't go into more detail on that
on Sunday I believe but I've got a lot
of videos fun videos in store and I'm
back to having a little more time to
make videos so I'll try to get back on
track you are getting a we want revenge
next month I'm gonna try to upload on a
Christmas Day and then on Christmas Eve
I'm gonna aim to upload a prank video so
thank you guys so much for watching my
videos and the likes and comments and
subscribers out there
I truly appreciate you guys um that's it
I'm gonna go I'm gonna need you to know
that we got a terrible idea what if what
should I do
I don't know I can't think of anything
so I'll just throw myself in across the
room told you it was just a case and
that said I hope the case is not messed
up ladies
storytime remember the past I do because
it was I do gosh I just had a trip to LA
to film the world of the world the world
