we're in LA we are here to film the
intro to take over the world but we're
skateboarding to and making videos for
you guys look at because you're just
driving away I got in my car to hear
Jason Park make noise no you made it huh
good but I made a different noise this
time alright fine
you don't take requests we're by oh my
god we're right hey I'm getting at you
yeah we're skating I try not to get hit
by cars where's your suitcase just
floors you're funny this is what happens
when you have to get off a plane starts
cape williams pack everything up gosh
look at the slippery snakes
Oh good to see you about all that so
yeah it's been so yeah this is day one
the actual shooting of the intro is
tomorrow today we're just kind of
getting ready for that into
skateboarding look at the smart hundred
you get literally just like ollie into a
career at UPS hello how would work how
about work
oh you didn't make it so there's like
the best ledges ever we drove by them
are either right over here look at this
ledge would you just look at it
Mack sorry sorry
oh why Khan
again I landed a 50/50 I tried the
lipslide I really want to land that but
we got asked to not ask to leave in the
nicest way possible I good yeah he
actually was to come back this weekend
at least we know about this spot now
this is awesome
definite weekend time spa yeah let's
move onward there's there's Luisi oh hey
imitate varieties I technically got that
I missed your ollie
this is you to accept me mm oh we're out
in California today that's what I said
look at everyone stretching right now
especially Freddy
there's some nudists and Wow's over
there you hear that
let's lets us do it one two three Wow
God ugh Lee may see Scotty on the
Cologne sponsor now no yes I want it we
are in California when Brian Ames was
about to do a kickflip
next up we have Louise on a skateboard
Jason's learning a new not learning you
learned a new skateboarding trick
relearning wow that's cool yeah it's
right there
ah technically technical back how's it
go home and look at yourself in the
mirror okay go back to the future thank
you oh dude holy geez whatever the guys
name for me to go back to the future he
would be proud
Marga clot with dad would be proud Marty
nickel future fashion again you're like
it matches my shirt but yeah I do want
to look as I go to the timeout
guess what flavors actually mango oh my
clothes passionfruit that was seriously
the best one water knows java knows I
think better I think I was not close to
all as well yeah it's good though okay
what's your video about any it's like a
fire hydrant and smoothies huh that's a
good video
that was way too dark Wow he went
straight there ha ha oh why do you hit
my camera hey sorry man
I get people that sometimes oh really
yeah oh yeah that's a thing yeah plus
you want to be on the ground flawless
victory
yeah I'm care I was it house good shut
up dude without good job yes we'll do it
in a line right here I did the kickflip
- Wow
okay so this video turned out way
different than I thought it was going to
I thought we were gonna kind of travel
around and skate more spots we just
really skated that after the ledge so
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna answer
some questions we got a new idea instead
of that we're going to go to Sam Taber's
QA he asks people to ask him questions
we're gonna answer his questions for him
exactly
that's good it's such a good idea all
right here he is October 30th this is a
couple weeks ago all right
his brother asks why are you so lame why
do you think Sam Tabor is lame that's a
partition I all right I will insist I
love Sam Taber but I think if he could
be lame it's because he's not meaner to
you yeah I'm better at being meaner to
you you definitely were better with me
like that but that's a good thing right
that means he's nice yes rails
Zachary stone says do you remember
meeting my wife on the walking bridge in
Louisville nope I don't remember meeting
I don't have his wife at all
I don't member Sam meeting your wife
Cassady Perkins says my brother wants to
know what's been the coolest slash your
favorite thing to draw on someone's grip
taping he enjoys wrong me anti that okay
one time he drew something and it
totally looked like a naked person
let's just say that yes he did that was
the buddies because they made the video
I looked I was like why did Sam Taylor
draw naked dude on his grip tape I
present who is supposed to be Santa or
something something like that yeah he
was like coloring them in and it just
turned into a naked dude it was so bad
Dean Boyle asks are you planning to or
will you ever come to Australia Sam
Tabor
oh I think I'll make it I think he'll
make it it'll definitely make it there I
don't know he's planning on it I think
we'll be there we'll probably go there
in this one Sam Sam we'll go yeah Sam
Tabor doesn't typically plan stuff for
more than a couple weeks in advance no
and yeah that's someone you got a plan
for more than
two or three although Arizona he's been
planning Arizona we need to go to
Arizona Joe bad Jerry that guy right
there we go skating Arizona that guy in
January
Zach Tucker what draws you should know
complies also what were the first ten
tricks you taught yourself on a
skateboard no idea what Sam learned I
think what draws in an okapi so that we
can do them very well you can do them
fantastically well and sometimes when
you do things well it's fun and if you
want to end the line for the next trick
but you don't want to risk it it's
thrown open flying and you're good Levi
quartier says will you ever least tabs
for your song bones I'm not very good at
playing by ear
no yes you think you will yes next
Tuesday check it out check out his
channel next Tuesday is coming out on a
channel so tune into Sam Taylor's
YouTube channel next Tuesday it will be
there and if it's not bug him and say
where are the tabs Sam Weber yes on
Facebook Instagram and YouTube bug him
until he comes out blow them up whereas
it Natalie Tuesday
Trevor de Lisle this is why did you ever
try to get sponsored by revived instead
of other companies um we chokeslam Sam
Taber what let's get a le Odette no Sam
didn't try to get sponsor our vibe we
just asked him he said yes and then he
had friends 88 hash browns we were a big
family we don't like like I don't think
anybody I don't not a lot of people like
asked to be on Drive we kind of asked
them to do never John John Cogan no need
in general to be in genetic dragged come
here man pick a number one through ten
if you seven I'm gonna say this again
okay if you get more than Jenn if you
pick my number you're off the team
point hahaha that's the Moose I just
arrested over in my life seven
okay cool come on County you're gonna I
think you would have lied any of this
because you like me too much
all right I want to put out a made you
do something get back on the team that's
awesome it'll been good does another
welcome video oh my gosh
welcome welcome alright that's it yeah
what do yo we're did we're working we're
going through Sam Taber's Q&A things and
answering his questions
we're like una is his camera no no no
like we're going to like what people ask
some questions where's answering it for
that's amazing yeah he's just here's
what I want to answer ricardo availa
Dominguez says how do you deal with
posers in school people my school where
skate gear but don't know how to ride a
board I could care less what other
people are doing and who cares I worry
about myself I mean I wouldn't we would
have pointed it out back in high school
but it wouldn't bother how so much can
be gone about her life like let them do
what they want they're not affecting you
absolutely so that's all this sorry
that's a lame answer but it's like when
people hate on mall grabbing it's like
why do you care husband is holding their
border like well it because people used
to hate on skateboarders for stupid
materialistic reason and now I see
skateboarders hating on other people for
stupid materialistic reason them guys
kind of bones me I'm like we're better
than that so that is it that you guys
bringing up with this goofy little skate
video / Sam Tabor QA I do videos here
every single day subscribe everyone to
see more for me I hope you guys have a
good day and I'll see you tomorrow
what did you type in my phone boom oh
you boomed Bryan drag him to Bracken
you
and there was a happy ending that night
in Southern California I should just
walk around narrate in the world
going on right now and we had a southern
car lyin
how do you say that sup Caroline
Carolina anima Carolina I would use
Caroline for the rest I'm just going to
stop
