give me nevermind warehouse Wednesday
yeah you thought you could actually take
us on oh I thought we were doing this
week I don't know oh you know who it is
I do not even this is well let's go find
out this ominous figure all right
mystery person Oh Brian Ames is you it
is you this week
yeah so it's his turn for warehouse
Wednesday you have been a sliding guy
okay I'll have you are a power slider
these days and I'm going to make you do
a new trigger a new power slide for you
you've done it but I'm gonna make it a
bigger version of it okay I haven't
skated in a week and only it was like
well studless I hope you put your Auto
where your pack is okay and what's pitch
it this is so weird with that right
there okay so I'm gonna make you do I'm
gonna make you do five warm-up tricks
I'm going to go in there and order you
around to do those then you have a
mystery challenge and then you have ten
minutes two lanes then you have 10
minutes to land your new trick okay Andy
what's up this is me from the future
you're an idiot you forgot to say what
this guy wins or loses if he fails or
wins the challenge Brown aims if you win
the challenge you get a mystery box okay
I'm gonna put the other box for you if
you lose I get to take any one item from
your office darn indefinitely shoot what
do these works are casick right now no
like a protected be very mean I can be
super sucky or super I don't care at all
do you agree I agree okay let's go back
to the future back to the past let's go
back go towards the past Georgie I'm
making this up as I go it's a game show
K this is the improv version dude stop
looking at me Brian that's so terrible
let's get inside all right come on walk
forward Sabre oh did you hit your face
hot Packer well who Todd Packer uh yeah
Oh Todd Packer
he sucks he sucks yeah watch the office
Brian hey saver you want to pick a first
warm-up trick pickup okay uh nose maenam
know what manual no that's not okay yeah
you're done all right we're here bribes
do it knows man you
but don't know no manual we go man yeah
that's what I said how is that not a
warmup
that's one I want to see you lips
leather bar our names the flat bar I'm
gonna get an angle for this it's gonna
be under you whoa yeah you should you
should totally do that again Brian
please please do that again he's lucky
he's got it man yeah yeah that was two -
oh I've got one get over here hippie
jump like that okay you gotta go like
this dude you gotta go like that
who you demand man you too man
back backside tail on the round 182
three scared ooh who can you do that I
wanna see that I wanna see that dude
ha ha ha ha yeah that was amazing
Oh Brian you must had Oh
I'll just say if I had to pick a trick
that you haven't done in a try at five
years I'll be what 10 years they're
gonna put me down anything dude like
it's look at the clip nosegrind 180 on
the box box yeah that's it what's the
prize falling is really funny you got
this you got this you got it
he did it graduations are you do you
feel warm don't know warm that was so
Brian inter mystery challenge okay you
have to go into shred quarters and get
Casey to sing don't stop believin like
don't stop believe it
oh I just probably just heard that that
sucks okay seriously you gotta get a hit
to Casey that's it
whatever it takes how you doing Casey do
me a favor
sing don't stop believin for me yeah I
put the cash into it like don't stop
here say it loud so how was it was the
next thing go sing out love for me
no stop believin perfect thank you had
this the warm up there you go Casey that
was it good job that wasn't such a lunch
and I thought it's a mystery town
sometimes all right get your powerslide
pad it's over there against the wall
we're putting it you gonna put it right
there weird where right right there
where's there if you have a gas to it
the crappiest part of it is that you
have to do the to shove out what in ten
minutes
your office is at stake dude and not the
kind of tell me that well this because
it's a challenge yeah
what are you doing
ten minutes bride guy come on you're
getting here Brian aims for this one get
over here and get your gear I scoop out
he has ten minutes so put your timer on
ten Brian and if he stops for any like
readjusting girl Brian of the ramp no
he's not going yet start it over if he
stops to like talk to us about something
or like like this he's fixing their
Hampton if I'm you can pause it and I
think you should in your ten minutes you
should warm up with a normal thing well
this is gonna be really hard
alright hey well get one eat when he's
back there ready to go I'm pretty three
two now
howdy Phil Brown aims scary I haven't
done this in a while
scary just in general doesn't do it I
think a first-person chopper remember
remember
you got 9 minutes and 15 seconds you've
got this
Oh
this is a good trick Brian even just the
normal ones good you got this you got
this
I found a Wallflower I've named it Ricky
Oh
pause it you got something anyone any
more speed you need a bigger roll up
that garage door helps you yeah 7
minutes and 10 seconds breath holy
Francisco it's not taking a selfie in
the neck god oh
brains this is your moment okay I saw
what Parris retweeted and they're they
have money on that a dirt I somehow got
a headache from hitting me in the leg
that hurts so bad alright there's like
immediately a bump
Oh doggy Friday okay all right you stay
here I'm gonna get you a mystery box
okay Friday's sit on your manual pad
without opening the box and the job
Brian imagine Jurassic Park
music wall your wallet you're being
handed this very random that's a bag of
trash oh cool so I get I'm tell take
this all day oh it's a photography book
I don't max max what oh so I got a copy
of this and Brian Eames is now getting
his own copy of it thanks I'm 20 for a
diaper a train everything you need pair
of slang that's signed by Mike mozo that
is signed by Mike Mo thank ya so there
you go that's my I thought you'd like
the photography book though I love the
book I found another copy of it and I
rolled with the punches if you didn't
win it I was gonna give it to Stephen
but Stephen gets nothing
why'd you land it here a Jason's you
finally want to where else Wednesday
how's it feel who's good are you gonna
tell people about your victory that's my
wife is something at home would you like
to be covered in a stack of snakes or
dating rush limbaugh hmm a stack of
snakes like stack don't you get stack
snake for your high so a stack of snakes
so I was walking down the sidewalk one
day and I told her I got her stuffing
and he was like go ride a roller coaster
and I was like nah man I'm gonna ride a
circus ride
