you still not even on the screen put
your face down mmm there you are
it is question-and-answer time just like
ridin said I uploaded a picture on my
Instagram and you guys asked him
questions are you ready to answer some
questions yeah
hey ride I like your shoulder a lot I'm
just you're really two-way Bob my hands
around look up look up nobody get out of
here though all right hmm all right so
let's just dive right into it we haven't
done that question-answer with ridin for
a while so yeah it's your turn buddy I'm
gonna start rollin through him okay come
on and we got to go to the very top okay
wow this is asked all the time with you
okay the orange slushie asks if you
could be any Star Wars character who
would you be
you've answered this every single
question answer video - thank you
a strong that's what he says every
single time Brad underscore Edwards says
do you have a girlfriend
ugly Aubree does Aubree know she's your
girlfriend yeah all right he's probably
asked her Oliver underscore Levy says
Ryan do you enjoy hanging out with your
dad what I would have been worried if
you just said no I love you J dot on
every says what's your favorite food
little man he likes head hibachi in
general we always go to hibachi master
that's for sure
it's a local place in Cincinnati that's
really good but anything I bought you he
loves who here's a good read instead of
asking your straighter service
characters they say he walks or jawas
which would you go with yeah that was
that's good I would go that even he
walks were way more helpful to the good
guys but I like how John was look better
Michael Foale ch5 says what's your best
dance move
you want the kick move
that's pretty good their code says as
those an awesome dance move buddy Riley
milk nurse says what is your favorite
toy that you have wah wah okay so Legos
okay you screamed that Legos are awesome
because they're fun when you're a little
dude but they're also like make you you
know they support you being creative and
you had to build as awesome ah Elizabeth
asks who is your favorite Ghostbuster
you met Elizabeth
that's right crews repair Ghostbuster a
news guy said we might have answered
that in another realm Oh tip on 19 says
what do you order at Chipotle
oh yes sometimes get tacos what was the
other thing you get you okay kid down
alright what's the other thing you
weren't fully relaxed man
you don't order hibachi H boy it's a
call to quesadilla James Wardrop says do
you think you'll keep skating no you
think you're done skateboarding here no
okay do you want to go skate read cruise
one okay yeah that's it's gonna do
Kim Lindstrom says if you count if you
don't count me who's your favorite
skateboarder Oh Alex beauty Alex
ballooning Dylan Robertson says sausage
or bacon which one you know what I'm I
go that too I mean bacon is a monster on
his own but it sausage is great where
did you get those Ellie Widow we just
looked up news where are those okay Adam
hkm 11 says what is your favorite revive
deck
well there's two there's an air in Cairo
zombie and a Doug does tell zombie which
one do you like the Duggar Aaron better
yeah Doug's 1b love Aaron he's a nice
guy yeah Amy irons 1 2 3 asks if you
could be any animal in the world what
would you be ah you might be a zebra
okay I've never heard that before but
cool you should go to read uh of your
foot please go down gonna okay AAA conge
says if you were an Avenger who would
you be Captain America yeah you can't be
him because I actually am the real
Captain America I totally am so sorry
skate like Stan says would you rather
eat pizza or burgers deep yeah pizza
I might go that - it's rock oh you're
not fast enough are you gonna hit me
okay here you go
there you go uh you know what I don't
think I've asked you this recently right
Andrew Simmons says what is your
all-time favorite movie right now what's
your favorite huh flash that's not a
movie TV show we saw one episode and you
should have seen it cuz it was violent
there was a violent part of it what's
your favorite movie I didn't wanna make
him to get to do the only person that
likes the sequel better not that I know
what happens in the second one but
that's cool
I'm glad you like it Luke Luke a is all
up says what is your favorite thing that
we do together dude father-son time
paint we never do that I mean we have
before was so apparently we need to
paint more I like going to the park and
just exploring and stuff SOT Y Gomez
asks will ridin ever get a pro model and
a pro model is when you're when you put
a lot of effort into skateboarding
you've given to skateboarding you're
talented at skateboarding and then you
get a board with your name on okay do
you think you'll ever be a professional
skateboarder
we gotta keep skating to do that that's
reserved you you think you will what you
think you'll be a future pro
skateboarder yeah
well you got to work really hard at it
oh well I will be here to support you
and pick you up and place you right over
here
okay you just stand over there boy what
a few more here
Braille skates which is Aaron and his
dudes asks what's superhero power would
you want to have suction cups that's not
a superpower that's something you could
buy at like Home Depot hmm a superpower
is like flying or like x-ray vision or
super-strength so I think of your
favorite superhero and like what would
like what would you want to do even pop
slam trees on bad guys so you want super
strength
so say super strength kids with dad
all right super strength right there one
of my favorite accounts on Instagram
asphalt poser Club says after you and
your gang beat up Daniel Larusso mr.
Miyagi came out of nowhere and kicked
everyone's butt he never had Johnny in
the face by the next scene he had a
black eye explain this Cobra Kai for
life you know that means me we'll watch
Karate Kid years and they'll be amazing
alright last question
snow Fox says high ridin if you could
live in a world made entirely of candy
what candy would it be and it doesn't
have to be just one type you can mix and
match stuff like the trees can be
Hershey's Kisses and oh yeah what what
if the whole world was candy what would
be the candy you'd want to be young
again gummy bears should everything
gummy bears really I mean maybe some
gummy worms mixed in there too yeah yeah
either bring up maybe eat everything up
oh I'm glad you like him I love you but
that's it thank you guys for answering
the questions or asking the questions
and thank this guy for answering them
did you have fun hanging out with
YouTube yeah yeah I but I didn't videos
to here every single day and this guy
and I actually have another chin we
started with just toys we upload a
couple times a week and we just upload a
new one today so click right there and
you will get a new video over on turbo
toy time here not to look ok yeah do
that and they'll be like at the end of
the info also so uh that's it I'll see
you guys in the future and that
is it re said that back there we go
that make you Ariat no don't hit him
apologize that alien right now give him
a first aid kit you are strangling come
on
you
