yo yo Wow YouTube what's up we have a
challenge for Casey Becker today leave
that face he knows what's happening so I
had a recent challenge for people
holding eggs in my channel and that was
apparently really easy so we're upping
the ante and you get to hold a cake
sitting so if you do let's say 15 tricks
holding this cake you get 15 bucks okay
if you don't and drop the cake then you
just drop okay I really want him to drop
this it's gonna happen so there we go
are you warmed up okay yeah so you have
to hold this part because the black
hangers sliding yeah yeah yeah I
could 50 or something but well you're
gonna do a few things the best thing
ever be like a 60 second video I would
just smash it right there that was so
good-looking god what's the first ring
carnal no not nollie you can see how I
my weight that way you can warm up with
Allah see this is scary I'm gonna do two
hands take four do a few flat countries
that's one that I want to be I want to
do okay you know 13th trick I want you
to mess up what's an otter with another
honorable flight it's not a three-book
honey a pop shuvit that me always I want
to try knowledge books I've been doing
those while lately dude do knowledge
look where you can leave it later yeah
I'll say that anything that I think
that's kind of scary it's a lot
different look at this at least you've
landed tricks like if you had a pillow
on your first one on the pill pad yeah
for sure
five over knows gradual times are done
let's get some good luck
good
hmm have one congratulations to you so
on a scale from one to ten how difficult
is skating with a king pins on the trick
or right now I hate selling art I think
your balance because like I want to be
like this
yeah I don't like this so it's like
skating with your hands in your pockets
okay so no no all right we watch the
footage I don't think I said it either
Mitch right why though
if it happens I'm easy peasy
don't try your best trick you're gonna
nollie probably six seven
that'll be happy you're so confident is
gonna land it he is ten more to go
you're knowing flips usually go five
bambam
I got a reward every time I'm in tricks
money without a lick that was their
string tapir yeah absolutely
kickflip up the arrow I'm gonna icing on
your face
he's this is where it all goes down
um some reward super good I think it
landed one trick well I've been screwing
around while you do this that was good
yeah shove it on him
okay I'll do fool kappa / you're kidding
me yeah okay will be scary like handrail
with a cake a cake make that was the
cake make let me see it I got definitely
Co drag but I roll the other side the
pyramid looks fine most people yeah I'll
give you food
that was proper you seen villain Ted
rocking boat looks fine that's pretty
good dude watch out honey I'm not done I
keep high-fiving thinking and that's a
good idea
elbow my right thumb goes you see it
looking so so my something goes alright
I can't do anything knows you front 180
up the up there gap hole because I think
how much I'm really gonna say that gyro
but my friends are way too good with it
though I popped in the car per bit and
start flowing off bike hot it yeah
yes
so I do like show fibers then I have no
idea it's not easy Trey already knows
better
the earth of a shook there you should
fake you flip and have kept flipping if
he beats this which is probably going to
I have to come with a challenge that
that makes me what's up I'm so sick of
my friends being talented sucks
quit being good so quit sucking it being
good no I was going to just kick the
cake mid trick just kick it out around
his hands been skating for like an hour
and that cake is in other than the thumb
hole stop you try an ollie 3 he's gonna
try a nollie 360 placement big spin turn
that call that again salesmen ghazal a
fr√®re Jacques has been a dancing dear
old Fahrenheit nollie gizelle spin I
don't like saying it I could easily get
hit in the face here
Wow
gosh this look what do I do to make
someone screw up with food they seem
awesome
only I've ever seen you not fall like
you did today it's pretty good that's
good good job
let me give you 15 bucks shooting us I
don't know giving somebody its thumb
holes nothing everything okay he put my
juicy would have no problem I'm so sorry
guys I'm gonna at least give you I know
you're not you're richer now I'm gonna
at least make Alex buting do the de for
egg challenge but this dude has a
channel and just right there okay right
so easy yeah I know the cake it's right
up there click it and go to his channel
he has the loss of awesome content he's
a good dude you in the face and all of
that right down in the info as well but
thank you guys for watching i nudie
leave adduced here myself so hit the
subscribe button wanna see me and
ma'am is that your mic
