this video is off to a stressful start
for me at least it might be great for
you but I think my Apple earpods or err
pause whatever they're called are in
this park lost in this park and if
they're not then somebody found Apple
you fancy ear thingies well yesterday
it's 9 o'clock I should be at work but
I've got to go do this I'll explain the
story while I'm trying to find these
let's go oh my gosh it's cold it is cold
I was just at the gym okay so at least
where I'm going is right here is the
playground Ryden want to come play on
the playground yesterday this is right
he's my son and he's gonna go for his
orange belt and cried you later in this
video
but yesterday he lost my Apple earpods
and it was freezing it was not a nice
day to be at the playground and mid mid
playground session he pulls out my Apple
earpods where'd you get those dude and i
was like f ed him in the florida link
then why'd you put her in your pocket
and he did and then i thought i put in
my pocket but apparently i didn't this
is the last place I remember him Oh get
this below freezing out it is so cold
these there's nobody here where do I
look walking around with a camera on a
playground in shorts this is where we
were when he when I pulled him out his
pocket is so cold it is so cold dude
this sucks how much this is like 150
bucks I should've brought gloves I
didn't know idea was this cold it's
probably these are probably my
footprints right there come yesterday
I've looked this place over twice I
can't find it and I'm about to freeze
and die now because if there isn't oh
why why would someone pick up up and put
on a trash can probably cuz they're nice
people there's nothing I don't need to
be spending one more second outside this
is so cold I got them back whoever out
there in Cincinnati it's a nice person
thank you at least I'm not like late for
work and I just lost expensive
headphones whatever they call it ear
you're both ear pods airplanes whatever
they would sway my fingers are frozen
it's refreshing to know nice people out
there exist or just someone that has no
idea what they were that that also might
not happen let's finally go to work
my friends what yeah just a vlogger
sewed dudes note the Metallica still
rocks have you heard their new album I'm
not you should listen like the first
minute you're like hmm all right what's
happening in this Volga so today is of
course I'm stuck in the warehouse
because it is disgustingly cold outside
I have gage Smith coming to film a
warehouse Wednesday so I'm gonna get
some bonus skating from him for you guys
and then afterward ridin is going for
his orange belt he's getting a new belt
in karate so hopefully you'll
successfully pass and get his orange
belt but then we're gonna go celebrate
and be a ninja and he'll be a ninja I
don't know I'll be father of a ninja do
it who knows right now I'm gonna work
and shoot you guys with a nerf blaster
most of my work is done
okay I just wanted to make a weird
entrance hi gage how you doing good I'm
doing good thank you for asking but
we're gonna film some skate tricks I
want to be honest I told you 12:30
because I wanted you to be here at 1:00
and then you were here at 12:00
yes that's what I want too so whatever
it's fine
we'll make you take a break before where
else Wednesday so you warm down what
what are you doing are you trying to
kill me
Wow he is one of my favorite
skateboarders to watch skateboard Casey
works for me here at the straight
quarters and he has question for me I'm
glad we I'm glad we talked about that
you know I have obligations here at work
but that's why I came to work today was
that trick whoa could you do that little
thing I'm gonna try you're nuts
was their shoe even in the clip it
legitimately sounds like like a little
girl screaming you scrape but that was
smoother than the other one alright he's
even a front big spin
that was literally not hard for him you
all right yeah that was awesome dude
thank you for tricking for my video game
Smith three blocks skateboards really
talented skateboarder he's and he's an
okay human now I'm kidding you I like it
but his world frenzy camp like this
recent week so go back and watch it it's
really good
alright so my workday is done I'm gonna
say goodbye the guys and get out of here
bye guys goodbyes are all you're a dog
you're such a dog hey dudes
thank you for all your work welcome over
your fire extinguisher oh thank you yeah
it has water in it later boxes splatter
hoodies and I wanted to shout out some
orders of you guys from the Shred
quarters calm but the porters were
picked up so our next video I will shout
out twice as many people thank you guys
for all of your orders and the support
we love you
you just did like a ninja kick right
there well hey dude no I actually walked
him up from the bus stop so I knew he
was home but now YouTube knows right hey
you had a good day at school what that
means you get a piece of candy yes
stickers later in the day
whoa okay mom's box of chocolates is not
camp okay what's your whole thing hey as
soon as you're done with that we got to
get you into your karate and you gotta
practice before we leave okay I'm
emailing your mom right now
she can't text at work so she's emailing
me are you recording
are you really talking about your pants
your karate pants
they're huge she wants you to wear the
black ones
it's literally made for like a 12 year
old what can I wear laughs she wants me
to try to put them on you will see how
you look et mederi Larry Popp yes you
are
this listicles because that book was I
did break a lollipop you got two
stickers you got a fox you got a face
eat me eat me because if I don't eat the
Fox dude you look you look like Aladdin
all right good I'm gonna go we're gonna
roll with it I guess you're just gonna
look you're just gonna look like a
dancer like a breakdancer from the 90s a
million years ago but we're like 20
years ago
all right you think you can I guess so
not too bad all right let me see the
right-hand side you could kick iron that
kick higher than that do it one more
time yeah
nailed it let me see combination - oh
dude that was a good round house
so last night I showed him that how he
could use these combinations if someone
was actually attacking him so the
combination he just did I am gonna act
like I'm getting him and he's going to
block and get me back to push me away
I'm on my knees so I'm your height okay
all right ready what's the important
part of all this what is karate for yes
its self-defense or defending somebody
else right
we never go and hit anybody right we
don't start fights you're learning
karate to defend yourself correct I know
what your bully all bad guy well you
don't like that one right and don't
don't hit any people that you don't like
yeah I think you're ready we are going
to go drive to karate test for his
orange belt and then come back so
hopefully this right here will have an
orange belt here you're gonna get it
good
be confident buddy I know you got this
all right yes so it's gonna cut I'm not
gonna worry about driving we're just
hopefully gonna have an orange belt in a
few seconds
dude come here
I already hugged him saying this but
I'll do it again for you guys hey I'm so
proud of you you did so good on your
test video oh yeah yeah you got it in
earlier video you got your yellow belt
so maybe you wanted to keep we'll keep
doing videos on days you get new belts
well yeah it'll be awhile to bring it to
black but you should you gotta keep with
it never give up I hope not
hey why don't we put that on you I put
over the first time hold it like I got
that here let's untie that look at you
why is it so big sorry to all the trash
guys alright let me see you move your
first move high five so there you guys
go we are going to go celebrate by
eating some tacos aren't we what we're
going to a Mexican restaurant well
alright but chips the salsa at least
right hit the rock I might go there
that's why I'm at zero there because I
love the chips that don't know why it's
that's good because that's you're
correct in that you should like the
chips so that's it thank you guys for
watching this video I do videos here all
the time so if you want to see
skateboarding and just things about my
life and then this guy's and videos a
bunch too just hit the subscribe button
right below the video and your son
anymore
I hope you guys have a great day thank
you for watching this I had if I had a
really fun day
I'm a good boy apparently great you guys
have a good one ridin say hi-yah by
Hachem Oh bye okay
I can tell you were very passionate with
that whisperer
this is a bonus clip and yeah about it
if you do this your energy get off the
ground
you
