YouTube what is up guys this is a
different type of setup video this is my
Allred skateboard or Ryan trucks made
these specially for me I really hope one
day goes on because I want to keep
writing me if there was any one fair you
know they've always kept me riding too
so I'm not worried about not having
drugs but these are amazing I almost
don't wanna skate them as you're so sexy
but that motivated me to make it all in
skateboard so let's talk about what I
got here and I'm gonna put it together
in my tank some weird stories while I do
it and then I'm gonna skateboard on it
and it's gonna be fun I thought this was
the Redis deck we had this is the
classic the original graphic revive
lifeline so it's red get a job done on
the other side got some finger grip tape
I put the grip tape on the wrong way
we're gonna roll with that and I'm not
gonna worry about it you think it's
gonna mess up my kick flips or work on
that one this is the am grip hashtag
grip tape the cutout we hunted up with
some random white revived stickers so
that brings out the red even more so so
of course you have the Orion trucks
right here that's red bush hangs look at
that gosh this thing was good I got some
force wheel spin to two millimeter this
is the skull wheel and it has a lot of
red white and black all the stuff is red
white black so it'll really pull it
together
he's the juju ceramics looking red
looking awesome to finish it off as a
cherry on top of you may we have to
reviving light bulbs which has to read
things that good the front of your board
so let's put this together I'm gonna
tell you guys some stories we ever
paused my head as I do it
it's gonna be a weird time don't do this
done oh my god what that was the dumbest
way I could have done that so I kissed a
girl before
a handful my first kiss was when I was 5
years old and it was in a box in the
girls basement she's my next-door
neighbor yeah it was in a box I wear but
I have a little like hideout and we
totally french kiss let me put that out
there I got weird right we French kissed
we know what we were doing we succeeded
we did that in the box look how good
that looks this is the most gorgeous
truck ever Jake is the nice dude at
Orion that made these for me or at least
you know he kind of me said they were
vintage for you thank you but you're in
trouble dude I want these for the rest
of all life if you guys to make that
happen I don't care what I got to do
these are amazing oh my gosh that's
going forever it's not going forever I
got it so we were playing I don't know
we're playing we're playing like bad
guys there's a good guy some sort and I
of course
and I thought it was a good guy the kid
across the street who was like 2 years
older than me I look guys I'm using the
socket just for everyone on the Internet
to be psyched I'm using it I don't know
what a sock it is okay ratchet whatever
you want to call it um yeah it's not
it's not a socket this is the sign yes
good good no you or did it come back to
the story because me and my friend and
then we were playing to order kids I'm
really like hit each other with sticks I
got on top of his fence as a curve
around my house and then as you ran I
was like up above me didn't see me and I
frickin got diddly yeah I was younger
didn't cross my mind like this is a
terrible idea and I hit him right in the
head and of course to hurt him you know
like you like went home I had to come
over and apologize I was the worst
little dude in the world I wasn't the
type of kid that would try to be meeting
like that like I was just in the moment
like a through again right and did that
he would be grounded maybe done so done
I just can't believe that I like that
not enter my head like yeah predict Adam
we're playing this game I'm gonna win
this game but you definitely won kids
teenagers adults don't throw bricks
anyone I just drove this screw way too
far in so I'm sorry for laughing why I
said that like it looks like I genuinely
found it funny I didn't find funny I was
laughing because as the words came out
of my mouth I didn't actually believe
that I did it I did I'm a hormone
homer's Peter the camera guy said
embarrassing stories and it's kind of
hard when I'm doing it because I've told
so many random stores the internet I try
not to retell them and of course I'm not
gonna make up a story so it's kind of
hard for me to think of things like I'm
told this is one that I have told in a
video at some point but if you have the
same video you don't know about it so I
went to school with my pants on the
inside I know how you do that that's not
a thing like your shirts inside out sure
boxers okay I get it but pants I feel
like that takes skill to put on pants
inside out and not notice it well I did
it and I went to school and it took me
like two periods like I went through
first period way through homeroom and my
second period some girls like you know
your pants are on inside-out right yeah
that's like a thing now try to play it
off wait was that no that wasn't the
right story okay I went with a collared
shirt on backwards that was that and
then she told me I was an idiot I did go
with pants on inside-out I realized it
before like first period started but all
of my friends didn't know
like all of my friends saw me there like
Andy your pants are on inside-out that
didn't happen all right we got the main
bow let's put on some wheel and bearings
do you wanna see it look there are some
songs in the have it's like my head's a
mess my life will feel real and this is
gonna be real nice
congratulations juju bearings for having
the best packaging ever this is only my
second set I've ever skated I forgot
that they come in like in immaculate
packaging remember I'm trying to get
looks my fellow board for it oh my gosh
all right so here's one that I have
never told I don't think I was at like a
grocery store of some sort and I was
like I like four and I saw a gummy bear
on the sidewalk again I was like man
that looks good
and I was four so of course I was
thinking about it and I looked over my
mom was like eight registers down I was
like two kid she can't see me and she's
not even looking this way I went for it
I ate the gummy bear and then the next
thing I know I look up it was like she
time travel she was next to me yelling
at me got me there I can't believe you
did that she was so bummed on me sorry
I'm sorry mom I know better now here's a
story that's not about me it's about my
friend is bad that has a happy ending
kind of the school of ferric form a
Pecha the way he did I should be telling
this because some other person that's
not honest he's gonna go steal just went
he just had a hoodie on you'll have to
very crawl up sleep that Widow bus
leaving just walked out stealing is
terrible I'm not backing out at all but
that was pretty ingenious way of doing
that don't steal favorite people so he
had the ferret for years and then when
he was done you didn't while the fair
anymore he just went back the same PET
SHOP and put it back in the cage the
same way that's pretty made so at least
he gave it back so we never technically
stolen he borrowed it for like a few
years right
here we go here's my skateboard it is a
beautiful red it looks fake
it does look fake your knee it looks cat
toy dude yeah I mean it is a toy but
still look awesome
thank you Orion send those trucks and
then all my other sponsors which I kind
of own OS I'm gonna stay for yeah
alright skateboard okay I see this house
kind of look what I did I put the crack
the grip tape on the wrong way so I'm
not gonna have to deal with that you've
known as multiple time not never done
yes I do I did it one time you have done
that before that would drive me insane
after your kickflip it I don't think I
want on each to know if he's gonna mess
me up someone last set of video the
stickers were the other way this time is
have gripped it I think in your question
which perfect ropes on correctly I've
never put my drunken I've done it
alright feel like blowing on nobody got
red shoes - no I wish I did
I've got new s webs to skate with this
so this is going to be a dream come true
this is the greatest skate shoe that's
ever been into creation especially
colligate that they're beautiful they're
so good that is the holiest of red
skateboards I've ever seen it's the red
skateboard you got red bushings this is
so amazing rock skateboard if I've ever
seen one
I think men see new bushings are we're
done let's uh let's do a key challenge
that was the worst failure of the first
kill we've ever had my life it was so
bad I have knew everything that doesn't
help
is my OCD watching him kickflip or that
the way his grip is is just insane what
looks like over it you know what see
this matter at all if I would be
removing my board to me I can do it
doesn't much the second kickflip felt
very nice let's get some skateboard
again let's see how she goes
so that was it this is my Allred
skateboard I had a lot of fun on this
the complete I was getting before this
is actually totally fine so I'm gonna
continue using that before I switch over
to this and then I'll give away the
parts to someone who needs it this is
awesome thank you so much - Oh Ryan and
anyone that's had my backs s shoes put
these shoes my feet and then of course
my companies and and grip all this stuff
that I have on my body except for those
special edition red trucks are available
on the strike or calm but normal Orion
trucks which are fantastic are on there
of course your local skate shop probably
carries some of this stuff and if they
don't and you want it ask them for it go
to your skate shop and support them as
much as you can
I'm done hey guys for watching I do
daily videos here so it described but if
you want to see more from me and now
we're going to cut to Brian's face I
don't I don't know what we're dealing
with so whatever happens happens
so sexy so sexy that's what you think
but watch very closely when I go to tap
this nollie okay we'll get a closer shot
okay the second the de board hits the
wood watch what happens
you
