good evening what's up guys it is a day
like 53 and where you up hey don't don't
stand like that get down you ready go to
school yeah
it's supposed to be dry today so I am
going to skate outside that is my goal
but let's get him to preschool and let's
get me to work he's already in the
garage
are you excited for preschool
dear cats of the world don't run in the
middle of the road my gosh
is it a damn life that it is it is Brian
Eames good so here I am I'm Network and
this is a data life for those of you who
are confused a dating lives are just
that I just fill my entire day I just
fill my entire day and you guys get to
hang out with me so I'm not gonna sit
here yapping the whole time I have a
list of things I need to accomplish
today and I'm gonna start knocking them
out I've got to finish the video that
goes up today put together an order for
a new company that launches next month
and then I need to go skate before lunch
that's my goals right now so let's do
this also a drink coffee that was in
there I got your gothic tale before I
met I'm coming up with numbers on an
order for something I have no idea it's
new territory what we're doing next
month with a new company and it's tough
work is tough sometimes more info on
this very soon hey you like the
attacking cat stance are you like like
this might be this might be dominated we
have no idea so we have to what kind of
played safe and day looks fine I'm okay
then I forgot about a big thing that I
need to do that is gonna make me skate
after lunch not before it but that's
okay I think I can still make my whole
day work we're gonna go into the
straight quarters we just got 7,000
skateboards in a couple days ago and I
have to verify inventory on them which
is super annoying and boring I'm not
gonna make against it through it all of
course I'm counting 7,000 skateboards
well I'm finishing counting I said I did
most of yesterday oh here you go
Casey's here give me your best British
accent hello everybody everyone is
offended over there sorry guys but it
was just one word you can't you can't
beat a while be maybe was amazing I
don't know look at this guy look at him
you do you have an answer shirt and I'm
cover call you're looking good dude
thank you
hello
don't think that I wasn't going to count
7,000 new skateboards without teasing a
new one this is kind of boring but it's
a new colorway the sketch series has
been super popular and we have the blue
color with very exciting but the
graphics this holiday season are amaze
you like the graphics I think there's
some of the best we've ever done on a
plane I thought I was like wait I see
your play alright get psyched I think
next week's not this week's where else
Wednesday but next week's warehouse
Wednesday will show all the products I'm
sure we'll tease more stuff in the
meantime so stay tuned to the videos in
the meanwhile the Shred quarters calm
this is where all this stuff is and I'm
done counting skateboards the inventory
is done 7,000 we got 7000 in fact just
to show you how much shelf space that is
I'm going to show you
that is a ton of skateboard there's more
shelves than I've been done look we got
more over here that's ridiculous that's
a ton of skateboards chambers and a lot
of skateboard lunchtime is here is the
best time of every day except sometimes
dinners better and then skateboarding is
pretty cool too but either way okay
lunch times great no because I'm gonna
watch the flash and I'm going to eat my
soup it's gonna be such a fantastic
moment mixing in the huh so Vinnie bond
just like my photo on Instagram video
bond you are a very talented
skateboarder a nice dude whoo this is
hot
well I'm sticking to what I set out to
do today I'm going to skating it's
gloomy I'm sorry I'm just gonna run out
to beach bum part and skateboard
what there's the guy there's Eric got
some before you know so it's gloomy just
like every single day I try to film a
video outside and it's kind of cold but
I'm gonna skateboard for you guys
starting right now I'm gonna do one
right now watch this haha I just want to
be so lazy this weather
it's like winter shock right now but I'm
gonna try don't judge me too hard guys
check it really good yeah hidden it's
like I could have slid longer like a
twizzler compared to like the pullin
peels dude I got a twizzler hit by
Poland peeled it you know it's awesome
his sweating during winter like weather
that was so bad I see it
that is look so scary
it was weird cuz I did it cuz doing it
first try was a little weird bison easy
boardslide once you just jump on ha this
yeah like you have nowhere to go I felt
good
how like I've ever done that yeah
awesome oh hey dude I need that BX
footage of you too alright send me like
a minute worth of footage
it's so crazy that I have legs five
bucks if you bought from that first try
five four three oh hey dance guy haven't
seen you before
all right so back to work I got to
reorganize my schedule I have a little
bit of time to edit a video and then we
have a phone meeting at 2:00 and then we
have like a little photo shoot thing at
2:30 which I don't know how much about a
film but uh kinda keep hanging out
that's what happens in front of you is
it was what happens I can type on a
keyboard and wheel to this email I fell
so hard this video on Thursdays video at
like a minute 54 seconds or something I
eat it so bad yeah yeah a little would
that make sense and once again I'm
sweaty and gross but there's a little
photo shoot in there I didn't do
anything too crazy so you didn't miss
much um but wrote home now no I'm going
to pick up right and I'm going home so
onward with my day by Bryan Ames always
with a bright names I successfully have
not lost my legs we're home aren't we do
you remember that I was you and Dana
life so if you watch the video where
Captain Crunch sent us a box
Brighton's actually eating it and it
totally turns green doesn't it yeah is
it tasty yep I love you mmm okay but I
am gonna get cleaned up and I got some
work to do and then right and I are
gonna go out it's doing some fun stuff
army mm-hmm what are we doing yeah right
thank ya how come on go we're Pokemon
going and making that noise okay so I
just knocked out two videos one with
ridin for turbo toy time which we
actually just uploaded a video on turbo
toy time right there so click that link
I'll take over the channel and there's a
link to the channel right down there
today you can go watch that but we're
gonna go to the part while there's
little daylight left it gets dark so
early now where you're the park and play
pokemon go you won't do that I parachute
up get in buddy we're losing sunlight
never to bow to the never again hmm
are you ready look Oh why'd you punch
YouTube ha ha ha
buddy all thing you're gonna get you a
hundred there's a Pokemon get him touch
him oh my gosh oh my gosh he escaped
donut this is intense
hey Bob come on if not you got him hit
the rock hey that's a good one dude not
only good one yeah you are you caught
three I guess he's a master now was that
fun I had a good time playing with you
buddy
yeah riding on a pig baby monkey I'm
literally walking in the house to just
turn around and go out because we're
we're not cooking at home tonight we're
actually gonna go out to dinner so yeah
you got a Santa I know it's a Russian
doll
I'm bocce master look at that that was
so awesome
oh wait Ryan are gonna eat that oh yeah
I know you knew you loved that this is
what I'm eating looks like orange
spaghetti with avocado super good no oh
yeah
all right so we're back at the house and
we're playing before bedtime right you
wanna be Iron Man or you wanna be more
war machine uh-huh now Rhodey yes what's
your flip lipslide oh boy back lipslide
dude he totally did that much a species
reward our man skating music oh this is
great oh that is a day in life 53 done
it was a really good day you know is
despite the gloom at the beginning it
worked out pretty good
got some skating in got some work done
got some Pokemon going in right yep so
thank you guys for hanging out if you
want to see more from me I do videos
every single day so hit the subscribe
button and then I do dating lives like
to read a few weeks and then it's got
jumps on the mail whoa
okay you know what I'm aligned I was
that shocked but did you scared me at
first it really did and of course
remember the turbo toy time a new video
went up today so make sure you check
that out
egg the fun one guy yeah it's a fun one
guys do it and then in the mid up middle
of the air say goodbye let's see it
Brian do you want a crouton come on man
this looks good song
