YouTube what is up guys so today I'm
just doing a QA you guys ask me
questions on Instagram and I'm going to
answer them ridings here I don't know
what he's gonna be doing in the video
but but he'll be here with me so I'm
actually traveling today the day that
this goes off on traveling my weeks is
super crazy so I figured this be a good
time to do Q&A it's a little easier on
me and I haven't done one in a while so
you guys get to ask me some questions
I'm funny people you can help out if you
want to as usual there are over a
thousand comments this is on my
Instagram and in Shrock first question
is somewhat chris says can I eat bagel
and I'm gonna say no woah ah you want
exactly knows both say you want thing
you want him to eat alright
it's bet bassy says what do you do now
the Trump is president and I'm not going
to go into politics that is not
something I want to do on my channel but
I will say this I hope that as a nation
if you're here in the States and just in
the world in general actually I hope
that everybody can understand that no
matter who you are what you look like
what color skin you are what religion
you are
what nationality like the human race
needs to accept differences and move
onward and speed less racism sexism
everything all that stuff it needs to go
out the window accept others for who
they are not what they look like or
whether they're male or female or vice
versa so that's being said I'm done I'm
done talking about politics dkh o dot
o-- v says do you ever think about
getting a dog and my wife really wants
one
Ryden do you want one yeah okay so
everybody wants one me I were all just
way too busy to
arrivin up it's easier to have a human
child because you can go to preschool or
like a babysitter all you know there's
always people that want to watch them
but when you have a dog you can't be
away that long you know you can just
leave I don't want to leave me like I
don't have a good life so right now no
dogs but eventually I'm sure low key
chicken nugget says if you had the
choice between enjoy or Plan B what
would you ride and I would say enjoy
because they just they'll like up like
plan B is just full of crazy shredders
and not that enjoy enjoy dudes are super
talented but they're kind of goofy ER
and they like they clearly are having
like fun out there on the boards I feel
like that'd be more my style and is the
sarcasm and the companies are amazing
register says if you had to choose
between Brian's beard or your cats what
would you sacrifice totally Brian's
beard you can grow that back also
my cats are not sacrificing my cat
that's for sure why does everyone talk
about hurting our cats
I'm not going to Kevin yang says when
are you going to start doing pranks
again and I plan on doing one for
Christmas time so at least they're that
right I'm sorry I'll suck on so much
like 2017 is gonna be much easier year
for me so I'll be able to start doing
some of the goofier videos that I always
used to do
Austin Crane says do you still have the
same feeling for skateboarding that you
had in high school or more or less um
it's different that's for sure
but that that's sort of magic that's
like I'm in a different world on my
skateboard is still there like that like
the amount of love that I feel no
skateboarding is absolutely the same or
more just because if as you grow older
with something and it starts mean more
things to you in ways it didn't but it
still has the the old ways if that makes
sense um getting really complicated with
this I love it
it's definitely gone on a journey over
the years but I love skateboarding so
much still there I'm not burn out on it
and I never will be
I'm so thankful that as a part of my job
do you like skateboard what I love to do
it with this guy - Alfie sim o01 says
will the revived team be visiting Europe
PS your videos are sick thank you I'm
glad you like my videos we actually sell
a lot of skateboards in Europe so much
it increases more and more skate Hut is
a big shot online shop out there that's
other stuff but um we would love to I
think I'm going to Switzerland the very
least next year so yes we will be to
Europe image eventually Bryan Ames is
actually just out there but that was
like just a family trip and then riding
lives there do you live in Europe no I
don't know you don't
Billy Dudley 11 cents will you ever turn
yourself pro no I have no plans on term
I so Pro Panda boom says what is the
next big thing for you to tackle you've
done boards wheels what's next I have a
new project that is launching next month
okay so you'll get more information
about that it is outside the
skateboarding world but it's it's kind
of its it'll feel similar at the same
time - nothing too crazy but it'll be a
lot of fun I'm excited to launch it and
then we have a new company in the
skateboarding world next year and I'm
not gonna say anymore that I'm gonna be
mysterious I'm gonna be mysterious right
Lucas Lindstrom says who do you think
will have the best part in taking over
the world it's take over the world and I
don't know because part of me says
vessel partly says John Hill and then I
think what all the other guys
like I know Aaron Kyra's been putting
away some amazing clips so I have no
idea but I'm really excited to see it
come together these next few months of
pulling in the footage and editing it
are going to be fun
Jess Elizabeth woods says what was your
biggest motivation to be as successful
as you are thank you I'm glad you think
that I'm successful I like to look at
success as happiness more than anything
else but I didn't I definitely didn't
have huge dreams of doing what I'm doing
in a sense especially so many things
gosh I have too much on my plate but
it's fun and I'm thankful and I would
say my biggest inspiration was well this
guy for one basically supporting my
family and being able to provide for
them but then my friends I wanted all my
friends to be able to kind of not just
work a crappy job and be able to do it
this on the side like I wanted them to
like have a job doing this and a lot of
people are now like just working at the
Shred quarters and it's awesome it's so
cool and then a lot of people have
YouTube channels that live off of so
that's that was my biggest inspiration
is creating something that could give
back to the people that I loved is that
a cheesy answer or what read it was true
that's true though Jake Bix 88 says what
is your opinion on ferrets I have two of
them they're awesome I've always loved
ferrets what sound of ferrets make no
they're like me yeah okay uncle drew
drum says handy was your favorite
species of giraffe I had no idea there
were several species of giraffe so uh
the main one a jeger psyche says do you
know who Dillon Rider were before he
died I'm guessing okay yeah I definitely
knew who he was
um if you're asking if I met him I did
meet him when he was younger he was like
a little guy I mean I'm like a little
little guy but he was young he was
killing it though it was in Fontana
California
a long time ago like 12 years ago Dennis
l0 says when's the last time you went
through a day without buying a $50 Taco
Bell gift card every single day of my
life I've never bought a $50 talked
about before Trippi kid says what's your
favorite thing to do beside skateboard
and it's easiest hanging out this guy
and this guy is acting super funky right
now do you need a nap you look you act
like you're tired you should put your
toes on my face
yeah your foots right there okay Ryan II
Eliason says do you want more children
if you had if you have a girl do you
want her to skate um I wouldn't mind one
more I would have liked to keep having
you know if I were gonna have another
one or two or you know I'd like to have
him after it right after he was born
but my wife is studying to be a physical
therapist she's almost done with it so
she's been too heavy in school that we
haven't enabled if yeah I've had a dog
that wanted to skate absolutely I
wouldn't want them to skate if they
didn't want to skate like this guy if he
doesn't want to skate I don't make him I
don't want to push them to do something
they don't want to do but I want to push
them to do things they care about and
not give up on those things that make
sense the lighting is starting to suck
in here winters are rough I'm sorry Kyle
seven eight nine says if you could be
any movie star who would it be and why I
don't want to be anyone other than me I
would try out being a movie star I guess
we probably super stressful but I would
try it out Claudia is a rock star in my
movie sir
punky Benz says what would you do if her
vibe shut down um I would just keep
doing YouTube just and that's it write
books prof. then I would create music I
had so many passions I there be tons of
stuff that I could do in in fact it
wouldn't like I could keep living my
life just the same I just you know I
love revive and you guys like revive so
I'm not gonna give up on her vibe in any
sense but it would free up a lot of time
that's for sure
Brad Brad says what was the first store
was actually figure you got I think it
was a stormtrooper and I was like in
sixth grade it's Carlos says can you do
a heel flip first try I've never seen
you do him you have not watched a lot of
my videos because I have tons of he
loves on my channel it's certainly not
one I do every time I skate but I do
heelflips um I could probably do a
yellow first job I can't do it right now
under my house sorry uh chief is OSA who
I think is Josh Lindh are you still
writing a second book by the way thank
you so much yesterday race that's my
first book and if you guys want to read
about my book and find out about it it's
right down the info um yesterday race
helped me out a lot of times when I felt
very unaccepted and out of place see you
in society sometime you should totally
come to Cincinnati and I am writing a
second book I actually have written a
somewhat some of it this year but I just
got a desk my office finally I got a
desk in this house so once take over the
role comes out I'm really gonna put some
time into writing it I promise I would
be shocked if it doesn't come out next
year I keep saying that I know but I
would be really shocked if it did not
come out next year all right and we will
end with this one okay this
is dh2 a 1/4 which i believe is my bud
drew he said let's do our people I know
I'm sorry
you to choose between quitting YouTube
and co-owner revived slash forest
forever or quit co-owning revive enforce
and do YouTube forever what you choose
why I would absolutely do YouTube
because a reviving force could go on
without me these days which is crazy
brand names is the guy I brought on to
run it with me and he does amazing job
I'm basically there to help him make big
decisions
I do hands-on stuff I do orders here and
there but I mean if you could replace
those things that I do and me doing
YouTube would still help out revive and
force world so I would absolutely choose
youtube but that would be heartbreaking
to me I love I love running a company I
love the this things that are happening
with it and it's just a adventure I
didn't know I was gonna go on that's for
sure alright you gymnast get over here
I'm done thank you guys for watching
this I'm sorry for the lighting like
every video that I fill my house has
been horrible I need to start using some
of my cameras that have a better low
light also I'll see you guys tomorrow
because of do day of the videos and that
is it riding for the Ender can you do
belly smacker do Bell swagger whoa
that was pretty good did I mention that
there is a spider crawling all over you
oh it's gonna go oh it's gone
what are your socks put your socks on we
got to go to the park I love you oh okay
