YouTube what is up guys we are downtown
filming for revives second full-length
video take over the world and I'm gonna
take you guys the long street skin with
us just like I did last week at this
time I don't know when the video
uploaded but it makes sense my head I
promise Thomas Bracken Alex and Brian
Ames is somewhere else speaking of crazy
how's it taste
I'm pretty good the best thing about
Brian aim is getting here right now is
that I don't have to carry his huge
backpack for our names how was your oh
it's good good welcome back I'm gonna
need this and this I've got a fun idea
for the YouTube video I'm gonna
skateboard on my skateboard which I've
done before
pretty much everyone this case has done
this before but uh it's been fun here's
the mango pad Thomas it's your time to
shine but there's a dove right there are
you okay I know do that Cruz give me let
me get so close look at how close can we
go be first I don't know but we're
skating here I want to get hurt Bert
remember that one time that I've ruined
your board of your group save at least
in New York yes well I brought a board
to abuse I'm gonna do I'm gonna
skateboard on skateboard right
shake
you did that I did do it no good all
right I'm gonna try what I failed it in
New York which is a capability video I
think you got it use the first ride well
that was a thing like I felt like I was
in John Hill video for a second okay
ports are connected why did you not land
them oh my gosh follow that hard have no
idea you always out of it amazing oh my
gosh I slammed way more than I thought
it was I was it's like a super dangerous
thing just an FYI if you want to try
that yourself be careful my gosh
how about died but now I'm gonna film
these dudes no Thomas already landed a
good trick that I did not get on film so
I'm sorry
a bee that's him Thomas did you age a
war today oh man well I can it the same
battle right now we were planning on
having a skate day but this guy got
stuck on I sure can you landed you lay
there like five times just sloppy so I'm
sorry I'm not taking you on a a
trip with us you'll get to do but I'm
not gonna leave you guys empty-handed
for skating on in this video but here is
a montage of John Hill and maybe some
other people destroying a three-block in
California that I've not yet released so
enjoy this and then I've got a really
cool package to unbox at my house it's
from Orion he says we made something
special for you what yeah I know I can't
wait all right watch this footage John
Hales good
what
yeah okay you know what I'm not cool
with I am NOT cool with daylight savings
time or the Sun going down like five
o'clock this is terrible
so because skating was so weird this is
turning out to be one of the shortest
vlogger shows I've ever done and I
apologize for that
no fear I do videos every single day and
we're gonna keep going with this one
right in I see you sneaking treats come
on let's go to your playroom oh yeah and
I hope you like the John Hill footage
and anyone else I don't even know who
was in the montage yet but it was a
super fun day it was like from the
summit what are you doing yeah you are
wow this is the package from Orion that
I was talking about I'm super excited
for this this is something super random
though Captain Crunch emailed me okay
and they were like hey we want to see
some Captain Crunch stuff and I was like
alright yes it is Captain Crunch stuff I
have no idea what's in this box so they
didn't ask me to put this in a video I'm
just like you know those like when I
stuff to send me some stuff I'll put in
a video this is what I'm doing it has
nothing more than that but I'm super
intrigued of what they would want to
send me cereal in general is so good I
think Maggie's one of those things in
life that I'm like I'm gonna think about
it like man I wish I wore cereal oh my
gosh journey we're partnering with any
okay they're working on the show with
Tony or die which Funny or Die is comedy
sight you guys might know about it it's
called the earliest show so there you go
there's that we go box though this is
pretty cool too late on this but this is
amazing play this Halloween Captain
Crunch Captain Crunch doesn't know I
wear only red shirts which is
understandable because most people do
not just wear only one color but they
sent me this is nice and it's going to
be a bedtime shirt for mom now because
it's big and soft or can be a blanket
for you loves it
radon's gun was that a knock around
which I think that what is it knock
round sunglasses oh this is pretty cool
come on
so this is a captain crunch on the side
and they got some mirror glasses and a
selfie stick which I will not use but I
give to somebody who does it was like
the ultimate cereal bowl oh actually
this is kind of cool right this is like
I get pack your lunch for school in this
again as a parent this is actually
awesome you have a blue wig on alright
now please put that ball back in the box
so there you go thank you John and
Captain Crunch this isn't a sponsored
adderall he just sent me this stuff like
I said and it was it was super nice home
the show back she already started so
it's October it's been going since
October 27 you guys wanna check it out
I'll put a link right down there Oh says
to turn the milk green all they do is
amazing
whoa whoa okay so this is from Orion
trucks I'm really excited about this I
don't know what it is at all but I'm
really excited about it it is a banger
bag oh my gosh and they just sent me all
red and trucks I don't even know you
could buy these this is the greatest
thing ever I kind of thought this I
guess in the back of my head they're
like we made something special for you
and I was like it's being all red truck
Oh looks so sexy already
alright singers I'm gonna make a setup
video before my winter setup video ins
give me an Allred skateboard
thank you tall ears a little bit go get
those Andy been too long so I need to
get you some wheel motors which is the
best name for trucks ever call them the
track specials we'll be sending a big
box ASAP but in the meantime put these
Rojo
which is Spanish for Evan and I B these
are the test of my best to the family
Jake Jake Stewart you gonna do Jake says
what's up Wow Thank You Jake in Orion
trucks all right am i back forever in
there back in socket Stryker so uh
Straker calm or ask your local skate
shop and get some Orion trucks and no
you're not getting the serial anything
we need to hang out with me you did so
thank you for coming up and hitting
anybody and think oh I should punch in
the face are you okay oh all right good
I thank you guys for watching I'm sorry
the skate day was weird but you know
when you're filming for a filmic video
sometimes just filming for three hours
the same thing over and over again
Thomas to go back and land it properly
and I'm so tired right now gosh I gotta
clean the whole house but I'm gonna go
I'm gonna see you tomorrow because the
do videos every single day and hope you
guys have a good time to me time riding
where are you
he's I are you ready Paul Paul he's
ready Paul Paul alright later you guys
you are stealing cereal just munching
away just munch it away just I'm gonna
get you I'm gonna get you you I'm gonna
get you I'm gonna get you
