where else Wednesday no super fun dude
that was great so far away they're
skating a piece of wood as a manual pad
like a sheet of plywood this is a
journey you want to like tell story or
something I know we can act like we're a
first-person shooter like I'm struck
Jeff that's right oh wow tell you warmup
that's your warmup right yeah we should
make him warm up right here jail all
right I did it
ice met Dale like 20 minutes ago but
he's a good dude I've known of the Dale
before I met him today I'll see him in
videos are you a hipster of knowing Dale
like you're lying to Dale Corvo no get
out of here Casey
I made the noise I know that I don't
know nothing worked I know mate and as
you hit the button yeah well decide I
fix things way before I met Dale
regardless I'm texting with John and he
told his tricks that you're good at like
we we mean me you're gonna tell me to do
all the tricks I'm so we have a list of
12 trick it's a skateboarding checklist
what bronze trying to say okay so there
should be 12 of em stealing Bryan no I
just want to say this well that's the
part that I want to say 12 tricks if you
do seven of these tricks you get 20
bucks we do all 12 of the tricks here
you get 40 bucks the point that he
didn't say is that you have 50 minutes
to do so I was gonna get there oh you
have 15 minutes 12 tricks okay
one dude I'm not on board if you do 70
at 20 bucks if you do all with me at 40
bucks but the thing is that John said
that these are tricks that you thought
you could do I hope you knows me well
yes but did the thing is if you can't do
these tricks John could be a better
friend sure Yeah right yeah so this is
Austin for judging John's character new
yet would you broke it dude Andy no no I
was gonna make it oh sorry
let's go inside okay look at him
cleaning up good job think I'll read you
to list when we get inside we gotta make
him warm up - okay he just warmed over
the milk was the nose manual right he's
super warm now it I'm ready I'm loose
you've just hair of three nollie flips
three nollie flip yeah okay background
yeah and every time you miss a nollie
flip Bryan gets a thrill ball Casey okay
oh this sucks I picked this up over I'm
just gonna walk inside here look it's
first-person officing all right the
first one nosegrind handrail by the way
I didn't ask him for these tricks he was
just like he gave you these I know I
think he was freaking out for you or
something back five-oh handrail okay
kickflip back five-o the ledge you think
it means huh blur or the the ledge the
box family no he said at the out ledge
later on could you came back five of the
hubba yeah that's right I see him there
was like no worry or he's definitely
hubba tailslide variations on things
hail so I two times two is the tail
side variation times to hunt ooh here's
a good one blunt slides good one slide
some nollie flip the five stair back
tail out ledge back tail shove something
okay
then it goes back to five oh the
handrail that really digresses and says
ollie and then fastplant the hubba at
the left are you scared Oh golly guy
three nollie flips to free warm up
that sucks
you didn't get hit at all by any balls
Brian's got to get this hydrogen
peroxide out hydrogen peroxide so it's
not even the liquid find water let me do
in separate orders we could just pick up
it second just start with the nose
grants okay well you have starting right
now 15 minutes do it I was just saying
shock I'm done
yes if you can't do any of the tricks I
got you I'll just do scratch it off all
right I'm going to palsy
he's gonna destroy it next give a
preference here okay I'll do the front
pine hopper and on the back find out
from talking them back since he's
knocking it out dude he's taking all of
our money really is dude okay crush him
in yep that's exactly what I thought was
gonna happen
that's exactly what what happened if I
tried it's like don't get hurt this one
right here I do this is terrifying
you're handling it well though
oh he's got 12 minutes 14 seconds left
so this baby's done three tricks I know
yeah thank you
we want to next oh now look sighs there
you going over the bones
oh thank you oh that's a one-minute not
exactly here we want to do next but in
one shot I need a blunt side something
mostly everyone saying Halloween is over
you know we filmed this before Halloween
guys Oh
mm isn't 30 27 seconds how many does he
have though onto the four.hoorah
not really that you did that yeah you
did that for sure
I don't care about how it looks again
thank you yeah dolly is not happening on
flat ground it should have enough light
it really should oh I filmed it on the
wrong side one two three four five he's
on six oh one more to get money let's do
the fast man okay the what oh wow
your pause pause inform Beth plant check
why are you looking your calendar I'm
scheduled stuff right now man wait we
hit the capo Bank by the Hubble right
yeah yeah okay this one it's seven
minutes 17 seconds so how much is left
two minutes and 51 seconds so he's gonna
knock out to the other drinks before
yeah we want to do Hotel side nollie
tell us tell us what fakie is not a
variation
Oh
whoo all right pausing
means no checkmark there yeah okay we
owe them 20 bucks we do all right okay
say his what he's got one try this point
good 13 seconds I'm gonna pause you got
one try I don't think you'll be able to
get in all those tricks and if he did if
he did w Liam present you have to do
like four tricks in three seconds each
two and a half seconds you back he'll
show
what all about anything yeah anything
I'm pausing is got seven seconds okay
what you can do this how many more do we
actually have yeah but you can back tell
you out lunch can you do that
only after you that's here right huh
that should be a rule you have to not
let a trick to fail so potentially when
it comes down to the last try they can
land all their tricks you know I'm
saying let me give me a good idea he did
failed on he did fail to one fail
failure but you didn't fail out like no
no no he won the first here so god Tony
puts multiplies there you go buddy thank
you yeah congratulations that feels a
lot cool let me get a handshake because
you crushed it dude oh thank you
pink pinkie touch you're a guy this guy
has a channel it is right down in the
info check it out for more uh lifestyle
stuff skateboarding yes
what about skateboarding thank you yes
you do it well thank you let me go since
we might say thank you who do that thank
you okay Brian all right put your hands
behind your back okay I'm on bad getting
put your hands behave at K now catch my
kid jeez
