oh that's right we're doing a basketball
video this is called
Baba this is father-son basketball time
are you ready for this yeah so the count
like trick shots we're just gonna be
making shots around the house but it'd
be fun moaning are you ready for this
what's the what's the face you're gonna
make when you land a shot
why would you make Pepe's I'm gonna make
this face look like spongebob there you
go that's a face you should make I like
that all right let's get to it
we're gonna start with his mama to make
Brydon kind of do what he did justice
just start this video out except bigger
are you ready for this yeah ready to go
bigger I'm gonna wrinkle you're also
gonna put me right in the jaw so you did
it there now you got to do it back here
and don't hit the stuff on the the thing
almost come back at you whoa I got it oh
wow don't hit mom's Halloweentown
hmm that time you did it good job we're
gonna take this and put go to the
hallway okay you you get the basketball
okay I got the best foam so I'm gonna be
behind it I'm gonna throw it at the wall
and it's gonna go in there okay okay
ah okay but already Oh Oh would you into
that first try
all right that was way too easy we gotta
make it harder now innit so aim right
here okay a little harder okay that was
it hit the rock if you can get it you
can't get it can you it's going away
it's going to wear it so there is proud
of you buddy
all right guys I'm gonna pay off those
bars here same shot just bigger I did it
your turn buddy hey let's go for your
playroom yeah all right hey wrong way
wrong way it's up there you know what
you do here Oh easy for you wasn't it
boom there you go that boom did you know
that you just fell down hey watch this
one almost first try almost not oh yeah
from you you took my ball oh my gosh you
didn't even see it you're playing with
with Darth Vader Donny mmm
come on
you go now I'm comboing the shots from
the bounce off the trampoline off the
wall and into here I do this first I
ride you get a treat all right right
here right here thank you buddy I could
have done without ya come on watch out
oh it's an alien on the head right here
for you I didn't do it that hit like
nothing it even hit the net went through
it yay tough on the guy
step on the ride in Brian are you ready
for the big one yeah are you really
ready for the big shot all right it's
your turn I'm taking this downstairs and
you stay upstairs riding for the final
shot you're gonna throw it from up here
all the way down there okay all right
right do it
almost first try do it haha do it
oh my gosh wow you were excited dude you
did it so fast I don't think I got it
like I didn't film it right haha you got
robbed dude
Oh hit me right in the face you did it
you did it was awesome
oh I love you buddy thank you so there
you guys go
I asked riding what you want to do today
and he said I want to make a basketball
video I hope you guys like that um I was
gonna do one where I threw it like
across the house and it made it and if
we do a second one of these I'll do it
but I only have one basketball and right
into film and these cats are obsessed
with right now writing are they do these
get in a fight midway up the stairs oh
no way but I do videos every single day
so hit the subscribe button if you want
to see more from me and we just uploaded
a new video on our toy channel that we
started up recently well it's a secret
it's a secret it's a really cool place
set the annotation just popped up right
there that'll take you right to it or
it's the links at the end of this video
and in the info so it's really easy to
get to but thank you guys for watching
this we hope you guys have a great
Tuesday and that's it are you falling
asleep you need to go to bed so that's
it you have anything once a to YouTube
oh my this is what you want to say to
you too
all right hey hey buddy if you get this
I'm gonna say yes
hey that does not count no that doesn't
count
