Tabor yeah you're up for don't break the
egg but if it's protocol and random do
not in this video would not exist at all
yeah what's gonna happen is that you've
got to land you 20 tricks with it
holding an egg of your hand like any
trick yeah but you can't repeat tricks
okay
all right background yeah well I mean it
has to be honorable so if you're doing
too much we'll be like dude you gotta
move on you got to do better things need
alive okay so Bryan Ames gonna help me
with it he's on the phone right now I
don't know why this will be fun hey will
I'm excited I'm not Alex nailed it last
time so I really hope that you just
absolutely horrible but if you do win
you get you get this you get a $50 in
Chipotle if you win
I hate Chipotle but thank you well then
all this I don't think I'll do it yeah I
don't either he could do it I'm just
trying to play backup and I guess
Bharani was a nice cup I don't know I'm
gonna be nice cop where'd you come from
so you're warmed up so let's get to it
so what's your first you want you flat
girl for you burst through it your hand
whipped dude 19 more to go what am I
just destroyed it he's gonna do a cable
Indy Wow
I wasn't really good back then that was
fantastic back to Oh
now we now he has 17x17 more tricks to
do saver okay I'm calling one more flag
record me too
one more clock on check it's it that was
some Wizards knees 90 bucks back if
people are this good at this cuz he's
doing pretty good too we're doing
double-handed eggs
I thought you were the good cop five
tricks he's done five yes
fifteen more six tricks
six down distract Alex you sure know
well you could have fam vest will be fun
to play this with yes let's not count
get back to seven tricks you're seven
who's better at that
yes your rules are no repeats flat
ground first hit was your goal I think
it's alright it's alright if he knows
slit to hubbas I'd call it no because
they're like the same type of obstacle
even though they're different hollows
nitrix 9 what are you doing
nope i 360 he almost broke it standing
picking his board gosh don't do that
freaking horrible that 10 tricks yeah 10
tricks you're sweating first all right
you got any more on this you wanna move
on
how does 11 drinks oh I'm starting to
think it's very easy to hold an egg
while you're skating oh oh
I'm hurry sure your hands never ever go
near the ground or what you skate saver
you can do that that's a trick ski dude
that might be the Ender like yeah I
could drop it oh oh you scratch her you
scratch though
oh wow he did denied your scare I was
behind that was the whoops wherever I
know I this will be 14 Wow 14 kick
Flamini
he did it that was it really I'll bet
you scream ow Hunter said it I just
automatically assumed that he'll say
well his first try he didn't do it
I watch it frame by frame he got down a
minute
take it 15 Wow
dude your your ring hit me right in the
pinky so you've got a crazy idea I do
I'm putting the egg right here I'm gonna
push and a hippie jump that's not gonna
happen oh my gosh I cannot believe you
did that dude oh good
16 16 you guys are way too good all the
time there's been no chef you said what
when when why and how how knocking trick
song get three more tricks at the very
least at least we're watching our
friends do 20 tricks let's go you should
do something rail stance oh that's good
yeah
this will make it like trickier rail
stand double flip rail double flip yeah
whatever
nope that could be
ah mclemore know I almost lost I know
you're doing that out of it yeah Anthony
huh
Thanks amazing two more shake something
he's got this drop it on the ball do a
back flip in the bowl going over the
rail over the rest
he's so amazing we miss it now you
aren't you're right
19th trick is one more to do what's your
ender dark side
Oh what's a good ender chest man he fell
he fell willis fell here's your key we
got fantastic cables I didn't it's like
whatsoever my dad does not like this
kind of dark
I don't know that's gonna slide dude I
think that's gonna do it yeah have you
ever had plastic surgery yeah cool so he
knew a kickflip nose
I'm never paying you old I am Oh Caleb
nose manual I thought I was thinking
slide that's what I was like that's a
weird Oh
it clearly it's like the most casual
thing ever is I forgot this I know I'm
the next one but it's gonna have its
gonna have a handful legs to any
champion
all right congratulations the dorm room
see ya I'm leaving you guys shut up oh
here hold up let's see um now okay okay
guys I'm sorry clean this up right there
dude okay
hi I didn't get any of your important
food but anything now I need to clean up
a something it kind of looks like you're
in ghostbusters dude oh I got slimed
yeah we did the park you are no offense
but you're usually that guy i i'm i
clean up please I mean you do have
congratulations Thanks
you have made us change this whole
series because you and Alex both beat it
with flying colors so next time I think
I'm gonna bring back Alex and make him
have two eggs and use each hand and
people should be pushing him Kosta yeah
punching him yeah goodbye
Yeah right hey white looks good on you
dude why'd you shake your shirt because
I'm coming egg but this dude right here
is facing the wrong way
now we're both facing the right way so
click right up here and that does where
his channel is it's in the car and it's
right down there info he's a good guy he
does YouTube videos every single day
Thomas thank you though thank you for
everything I mean you did 20 tricks
let's give her it's pretty good I don't
think I've done 20 tricks here ever you
did it today I'm gonna drop him I don't
know why you're filming this it's not
excite 21 chicks
- Thomas I don't mean to ask you man are
you gonna land this did you hear me at
all
yeah what'd I say you said I mean to ask
are you gonna land this I need it in
minutes you just ignore me I see how it
is
oh don't worry about don't even make an
excuse
