YouTube what is up guys we're out
skating Street skating filming for the
full-length video I got a new skateboard
I put together a new skateboard oh yeah
that's why I'm skating this one cuz I
saw you skating I was like his board
looks good so look at this look at our
board but yeah we're just skating having
fun and you guys come with them
hopefully I'm actually using tricks for
you guys but somebody else will do
tricks the very least alex is like guard
I'm getting prepared to go skateboarding
I got to grab both size skateboards you
know that's know Thomas how are you
doing this not very popular
oh my gosh quick boardslide I've never
skated this rail and I was like don't
mind if I hit this much and then this
ground is not easy to roll away on
yeah it's pretty out today isn't it so
good that was really good yeah you did
it fine Sam tapers up what was that we
try to Krugerrand it you like air
Kruchten already there's a face and we
are finding spots be fun chairs oh wow
yeah we have Sam vessel with a tiny
skateboard oh time are you gonna do that
it's gonna grind
he's a nut moving out let's keep going
I like this rail is that hurt your butt
that sucks
he's got a tailbone there's my shoe that
was perfect I know yeah you got it
though that's weird
crack you suck dude alright so we're
done here
I'm not gonna save a theater did not
happen but there's a there's something
over here that we can't show you either
but we're gonna try it Alex does what
he's trying gonna be really good I think
I haven't I haven't been to it like I
was here with Wesson you that's how long
so I'm clean
she sets in the carport and this gap is
huge here we already established that
not on my video so we're sitting here
trying to figure out a spot to go to and
Thomas pulls out a glass bowl of grapes
out of a skate bag I'm always prepared
oh you put that's amazing Thomas never
changed but probably delicious though we
finally decided it is so hard to decide
what we're skateboarding have a big
group of people what we did we did the
impossible if you want no I'll go there
let's go there never been there you're
getting way too close to me yeah
snapped into like serious right there
Thomas you are very ready to skateboard
you have two of them I am ready to go Oh
cold drink is gonna feel good is to
taste good a warm field of breeding
penguins months ago
a cold beverage raising the whole world
except this cap
keep seeing my face I'm trying to drink
it alright we're going to a manual pad
dude you ready I got it
we're at a manual pad are you serious
you want to do that scary rock okay
ready that's my dude you okay
oh isn't it he's not getting up you and
that tailbone dude get this away get it
away
he looks generally unhappy that I was
doing that sorry buddy productive day
today
productive day
good Papa Joe where did that line the
last time I was here this somebody added
to keep above a curve I'm pretty sure I
didn't film it all right motivated to
say by doing that trick his wave to
people if they wave at you so many
people like just to be nice I like way
that and they just go on as if you're
not worth acknowledging I don't care who
you are how much money you have how much
money you don't what job you have where
you're from
be nice to human beings what were your
mother is I'm just saying it's so
disappointing to see how help people are
just jerks and it's like it's probably
because in the skateboarder but whatever
I'm super winded man that was like that
took it out of my everything okay so
that was a fun day of skating with my
new skateboard I feel so good having
broken in shoes in a new skateboard I
like new shoes in Newport too but much
as I'd like to for the camera for you
guys but hey I'm talking about these
shoes are just magical ideally like I
actually really do like they don't even
need broken in you take them out of a
box you put them on they feel like
they're already broken they're the best
skate shoes of this day actually I think
they're the best the Swift you start
with a Swiss I think they're the best
skate shoes that have ever been made I'm
a big fan right now yeah well it sucks
because they're gonna sell out you're
not gonna go get them for months it's
always like that but thank you guys for
watching I do videos here every single
day so hit the subscribe button view
want to see more from me and if you
don't I hope you guys enjoy whatever
else you're watching on YouTube that's
it I'm gonna go peace out dudes hey I'm
gonna catch I'm gonna throw it throw it
this is Sam Taber's life are you whoa
over there okay I'll get over there then
if he does this it's gonna be miraculous
yeah that was so close that was really
close
