man down
do you need a first-aid kit do I need to
get a stormtrooper that was not the
ollie you were looking for
hey Sam favor so what are you gonna
throw it I can throw anything at you do
have a bag of peppers though so this
would be a great time to throw something
at you it is plug is there time and it's
another gloomy day
I was supposed to go skateboard in the
street today and it's not happening
because it's super cool baby we are
gonna go outside we're gonna be my part
I got a bag of peppers here have it
peppers not need those those are my
little Iman I had I looked away I no
idea where they're going whoa you guys
built a ton of boxes yeah we are all on
skateboards be going out don't they
right guys so I just left my warehouse
I'm done working there for the day I'm
gonna go to skate park to skate and just
goof off with the guys here just for a
little while before I have to pick up my
son ridin so he's at preschool of course
he's there every day to be a fun time
though because I think Ryan and I are
actually skating today too he said he
wanted to finally land his first Holi so
it'll be fun although it totally looks
like the closer I get the skate park
that it rained that power line is
insanely low to the ground that was
scary fingers crossed on the skate park
being dry and it is wet of course what
did I do to you ground or sky whichever
I wanna blame this sucks I have to have
an idea and you don't have to do if you
don't want to you can go home to your
freedom flock but I don't know what that
means I want to do a basketball
trickshot just I gotta go buy a
basketball on the street though I do
that all right I'm gonna go do that
Walgreens look what I got
I would like to point out that it did
not rain at all near the warehouse and
you come across town rain here it is I'm
gonna stomp this skateboard and get a
basket dominant back we're gonna climb
this no I think I've done this before
Casey oh yeah it needs to be filled up a
little bit hey Kenneth could you film
this yeah but I do it first try I think
if I do this first job to give you guys
all $100 I'll be home free sure you did
that home you did that on purpose
we're near close idea closer get up he
didn't want to see it underdog you got
my man you do not buy that I bought this
it's not so flat it is like that
dude this is tough it's where it's on
the board it is where it is on the board
when it goes getting cloth I like oh if
a kid
that was pretty smooth I enjoyed doing
that because now I don't have to do that
anymore that's right go in that's right
go in look a combination of lacrosse
basketball and skateboarding oh yeah
help run for DeBakey Weaver
oh wow that was first go I got a cell
phone tip I got an execute executor oh
man did you see that
misty
oh wow man day thank you
oh man I don't even know what he did
let's take it even is he gonna set
record that was done that sucks if that
wasn't that long it would have been fun
to actually skate but we made the best
of it I'm gonna go get riding now and
let's go
Royden you're hungry well hello how was
school dude good okay um you want to
snack oh you're gonna rip my arm off all
right sir so we are stuck inside on
another rainy day but we're gonna
skateboard I didn't practice out you
gonna practice on what I think you can
do it dude are you gonna eat those put
in your mouth and go home you just
punched you - no no stop punching
YouTube channel light on oh there we go
was it a helmet time click it
do it do a kickflip are you gonna try
for a second all right let's see it whoa
all right you a nollie heelflip you
don't know how your newest move let's
see it oh oh you're getting there dude
if you're gonna go full of hope you
gotta jump okay you got to jump when you
pop it get harder and jump higher do it
oh you almost turned the board by
yourself when you were trying to catch
yourself that was good you're doing so
good now just jump up in the air with
both feet man down
you do need a first aid kit do I need to
get a stormtrooper that was not the
ollie you were looking for oh that was a
good one you didn't get off the ground
but you're getting there now I'm gonna
try to trick her too
that was really hard I've been done that
in like a year year and a half Donna oh
gosh Celine Dion again
what are you eating what are you eating
your playroom buddy you did not ask to
have more cookies no fried and look at
this fingerboard park do you see it are
you sitting like that speaking of this
though we actually did a video where we
fingerboard on all this stuff over on
our new channel turbo toy time which is
right there so if you click that right
there it takes you over to it is a cool
video was fun it's always fun doing
videos with this little guy and then
it's right down the info also I didn't
get that in at the end of this video
it's really hard not to get to it well I
don't mind if I do a frontside
bluntslide chub boardslide somehow to
manual to drop in to front side nose
slide on that little thing right there
and I fell off no no I did not save my
boards right there but that's it guys
I'm actually about to hang out with this
guy for the rest of the night and then a
bunch of us are going to see dr. strange
and this guy wishes he'd go see it with
me don't you are you just gonna sleep
look look at him are you sleeping I
wonder if you're ticklish what your
sleeps really sorry this day didn't go
as planned it's another gloomy day but
at least we got now and did some new
stuff I hope you guys enjoyed hanging
out with us and I'll see you tomorrow
cause you do daily videos and don't hit
my throat boy don't hit throats ever
chimera hmm so hit that subscribe button
if you want to see more for me but we're
gonna leave say goodbye to YouTube so
thanks for watching
bye thanks for watching bye don't touch
the lens that's a new camera not a new
lens but a new camera oh my gosh I can't
control his hand I can't control it I
can't control it
I can't control it I can't usual
whoa whoa what are you doing
and really ride the board there's a
skateboard involved oh yeah emanation of
skateboarding cuz you didn't write it
now your logic is an idiot if you take
your logic and put it on a page you get
to race it and rip the page out and then
burn it and then and then realize you
should even have the book because you
your lie
you
