my name is Jason that was
Thank You Hannah
I hope you guys enjoyed that three-block
hit it this weekend the straight
quarters calm you pick up any three
blackboards you can get a couple things
you're gonna get that we want revenge
seasons want in season two video
it's got seasons wanted seen to a we
were revenge it's got a documentary
attached to it on the DVD with a bunch
of people that were in we were revenge
they're gonna talking about behind the
scenes the way things happen to what it
was like that during that time and then
also some four spins boom so again any
three blackboard shred quarters calm you
pick it up and get these items these are
free these are to be tossed in with
every three block order every three
blackboard
ordered this weekend for free boom good
stuff
great oldest
and also it's gonna be big year for
three-block a lot happening so stay
tuned
