YouTube what is up guys it is jumbo
bottle flipping - I got so many requests
for another one of these and the first
one has over 2 million views so I'm
really glad you guys liked it thank you
for watching it here it is we're doing
the secret that is a loud siren so here
we are we're doing it I'm gonna wanted
to do all new shots you guys don't want
to watch bottles moving video and a lot
of your just for skateboarding I push
the ski video just yesterday I have a
ton of my channel we're gonna start out
by putting water in this hey we got a
duct tape it will do all that what do
you think is that George Washington was
actually written on hieroglyphics doing
bottle flips you know there's somebody
in the world you get to believe that
like there's somebody that would leave
so last time we did this we kept
cracking this thing open and I would
think we'd have to keep doing this we're
trying to really beef it up this time
some people accuse us of putting this on
there to grip the ground better the
momentum of this that doesn't help in
the grand scheme of things do we do that
because it will crack right here which
it did to make it a little more durable
and we can actually continue let's go
we're doing this right now alright so
we'll start it out by doing the normal
alright yes I'm gonna do it up this onto
that
might be hard second drive this is so
much better than normal bottle flipping
we should get like a building we should
building flip over you should do the gap
Tramp over this onto that ring it's
gonna be tough I think that one a little
more slick that was good dude
the way it was this is ring as you guys
sign I get way more excited on the
evenin Daniel sorry I didn't do a double
like it just a double hand off of the
gym Oh took me out for a noodle up giant
double flip double giant jumbo fuck with
this gonna be easy
how do you by all means be my guest
I did it that was easy like women
everything I've done has been easy so
far I got to up the ante but he's gonna
do triple which is gonna be impossible
don't break the siege know those two
that was - I don't think that happened
you should throw it up the sky you got
me - look there's two hot use your hands
let's see either
I did do it first try can you believe it
it is amazing yes you're right why it's
too high it's got buzz but that was so
deep slowly dude that was so awesome we
tape it back up right this needed a good
scrubbing anyway right time to push the
trampoline out boom - boom he did a good
job on fixing this look at that that's
good
got it test test it go dragon you're
gonna bounce here do flip on here yes oh
your shit and it was hard for us just to
a football pitch last night remember
or double first try
ah we walked up here is like she did the
fish you fished us it's not easy I think
I'm open to double let's do one fish
fishermen awesome dragon we got a new
bottle Percy
new bottled same suckiness for that one
hey that was so yeah that was super good
for the next one we're going to do the
thumbnail of the last video because
everyone thought we were trying to fool
people by that we're just trying to have
all the things in a thumbnail but we'll
actually do that for you guys
hey this is the thumbnail must bow real
that to town that should be so that's
the curve it has to be perfect
like wow
Oh
it hurts you gotta say something when
you do it come here hey I told you
me
it doesn't work this is going high-five
the other hand that was it
my gosh that my gosh Oh typical
when you said suggested that I thought
it was she'd be like oh sure that that's
cute that's neat fine
that was super tough all right let's go
big hey we're going outside throwing
rock from the distraught trampoline to
flip to rock you ready to rock this I
was gonna be super easy did it just like
fix the trampoline oh goodness
dude that was the best form on the
captain I counted it was dad oh I have a
money hand because water poster equals
mud that was a dumb thing to say clearly
everyone knows a 5-month five all right
he's gonna throw it behind his back so
blind over the rocks into the end of a
tire
kind of real is like a way if you do it
that way it's a good possible fail oh my
gosh we'll take that that was like
really solid I don't know if you how
sloppy you're gonna be but that was not
sloppy that was good the finale is just
gonna be the mega flip all right are you
ready for the mega plus horizontal yeah
trampoline when I was like in yeah what
else would you do Skeletor oh my gosh oh
my gosh
it's broken and done that's done oh we
can get another one we can get like the
whole bottom is cracked out like oh my
gosh are you doing all I've done one Oh
bummer
that was a good flip though I waterpark
it but that was it guys that was an
ultimate jumbo bottle flipping - I'd
like to thank this guy which is the
famous YouTube bottle flipper these days
you're killing it dude that's crazy and
he has a channel so if you're not
subscribed to him especially interesting
bottle flipping that annotation right
there and down in the info we'll get you
there this channel rules and he also has
a skateboarder he's very talented that
also seems right right and you guys you
guys watch my videos you know this dude
you can call me right right right yeah
what's your name alright hey guys
watching I do daily videos here so I
will see you guys tomorrow
and - peace out you want to do it one
one last hold your hands out put your
hands out fold your hands out hold your
hands out failed
we did it oh that would have been good
and I would have George Bush and I mean
I remember me no because we haven't met
