or else one day haha
this isn't bride a missus me how many
people die fool look at him go you do
the flappy arm thing this is Brian yeah
he's just trotting along here he can
look around see a puppet it's a Brian
names puppet alex buting how are you
doing today he's not so hot he's only a
torso to start with so hunt sucks he's
actually not even here he's in Europe no
no Brian Eames
road trip European trip I don't know
what's happening he's got some stuff
going on what are we gonna do because
when he's out of town we gotta mess with
him oh yeah always so the thing that
sucks is that he does not have a
skateboard here he has a width unaware
it is actually but it's not here so we
can't screw the skateboard and I was
like well we already played a game of
skate in his office so I'm like why
don't we play a game of rail skate in
his office me and you it's a cubic it's
like it's a good closet okay our closets
our offices let me say closet the whole
time I'm I said office at all you just
said that one huh
okay Brian Eames office and mine they're
not that big as Lisa when it comes to
skateboarding but we're gonna try to
make it work okay we're probably gonna
get injured we'll see if we can do are
you up for some flat part skate yes yeah
yeah
and then there's Greg let's go let's go
let's get we had me but I'm just liable
ninja getting the fuzz off your shirt
what do you what do you guys what are
you doing right there I see the fuzzy
wouldn't get your nose here who'd hit me
in the face they're not we got to do
some moving around so we gotta like
reorganizes he's office this closet
whatever leave this oh look he's dead
look at this poor BA Brian I'm gonna set
it up so he's watching us destroy his
office just disgusting by the way this
hat like I've seen Brian skate okay and
I don't know how he gets his head on the
ground in this sweaty this much good man
hey he didn't did a food test here
though today and I just didn't even we
didn't do anything we didn't clean it up
at all the rocket yeah I can't skate on
a rug as in colorful fear the fisheye it
makes it look bigger than it is okay
this is not big so push that just push
that back and do some work over here
you just rolling up are we just throwing
like that alright swoop it so let's put
this chair over there we'll set Brian up
so we can watch us do this all hey
Oh your heads sinking down into your
thoughts I used a pillow for his abdomen
ash Brian seen better days
yes and then you feed the wax this is
gonna be dangerous dude I really hope
that I have a head when I leave this
room if I leave this room go to three on
board you do it I wanna wanna I wanna
gosh this just suck ha ha I'm already
worried about this yeah look not that
was bad that was really bad I almost
didn't count or were our best about oops
sorry Brian
sorry sorry miss bang yeah this is gonna
be so hard because we're gonna do all
the basic tricks right I never have to
do real stuff it is
ever see someone's office that's what
Brian aims but he walked Yellen s
ability dude don't you keep my office he
would say that you can hear it now can't
you what how am i ever had a better dad
look I got a cheer old - that was the
scariest thing - gosh yes
I was born in him I got the s good job I
was gonna dude it's frustrating because
this just makes me want to go do these
tricks to prove that I can do them for a
month while you didn't Andy mynique am
so glad you miss out
oh my gosh I'm dead
he's waiting right now you tell you
right now look at this I can't believe
that's the best trick I'll do all year
is that right there you are a state gosh
your tricks look good my tricks just
look like oh he's doing some darl
amethyst I think I'm better than I
thought actually terrible you've seen me
what I've been doing that trick is like
the hardest trick is ain't wording that
okay okay okay did I I like so did not
slide I hit them a wall - sorry wall
that was so bad
we actually slid
let me say that base lane Lulu I was
scary dude
gosh and how'd you ever oh yeah I'm sick
man with my heck oh wait oh man um
that's scary
oh yeah okay it's here to watch s your
initial Wow that's for blind AIDS
I would not on unit right yeah Gina I
might heave it might be double K okay
okay a might beat him
that was immediately scary like got on
the rail and started going that rail
what are you doing we are putting so
many sweaty hand prints up
oh my gosh mr. Clean Magic Eraser Wow
who don't do that sure it was one big
spin from just oh my god nothing good
I'm just taking a let early Friday night
yeah try jelly's flight would get on
that shouldn't my ender know does so I
was first try crap that's scary to try
gosh is scary or I should have said
right there
wow that was way smoother than I was
gonna feel really good oh I just did a
switch can you just use a spife dread
what for wow you really went through a
good game dude I know it was fun that
was a way but what happened I didn't
want I thought you're gonna kill me too
I thought nothing was gonna go down you
crush this like better than you wouldn't
yeah I skate better in Brian's office
than in the real world they lose five
well thank you guys for watching Brian a
move back in where else Wednesday next
week so fear not he's over in Europe
he's been to London and Italy so if you
guys see him say what's up to him and
Brian and family and hope you guys are
having a great time
that's it this guy right here he is a
channel right down there in the info do
check it out oh cool this is like the
Alex week on my channel and next time we
are going to build him in your amp and
brine zones we should do that do that be
sick we should do this oh my god let's
go
you just say there's actually water in
here well you know we're going to find a
place for it okay okay where should we
put it
let's put it in is B right - right
that's a solid being the Vita cold water
every first one gasps oh gosh oh no does
it no no guys come on in the videos over
is not cool
now hopefully this was not as gross as
his hat
