good over here dude what are we doing oh
we are totally going adventuring we got
a secret spot to go to today don't we if
he can't fill up it is the secret sewer
I've known about a place for a long time
actually to escape video there one time
but I took ride another day and he loved
it didn't you
we got to go into the woods and there's
the sewer and we can walk all the way
through it we haven't yet so we're gonna
take you guys along and do it today
right what are you excited well then
jump up and down you hit me in the face
in your excitement I love you buddy
let's go what is that mm that is total a
crocodile what are you talking about
Bryden this may be super dangerous are
you sure you want to go sure enough she
pulled a parakeet out of her pocket so I
went on a date with her he's got a R in
his name and n in his name and he knows
how to spell it oh yeah it was a five
minute drive and this little guy fell
asleep are you ready to go adventuring
yeah you're just getting your beauty
rest before we go write anything there's
any ghosts in these woods
there you don't think so maybe just like
a werewolf seal and he's awake hold on
dude there's a secret path up here and
it takes you to like a weird place the
time for God oh you know you could just
go under that since yep there you go
all right be careful don't slip on the
leaves buddy we are almost there guys
there's a little drop-off right here
guys I give you a good feel there it is
all right be careful okay we was not you
know what the log has been sturdy or -
all right just see that dot at the end
of the tunnel it looks super far away
because we have fisheye what we're going
all the way to the end of this okay it's
about to get very dark in Haran do you
think there's a bunch of rats down here
and snakes you know I thought we were
about halfway and then I turn around and
we're not at all there that's way better
oh there's a snake there's a snake I'm
just kidding yeah I have no sorry buddy
I love you mmm what is that we're almost
there we're more than halfway that's for
sure oh you daredevil me
whoa watch out watch out don't go
running dude oh you can't get out okay
cool here we go oh we should totally
some Rock skipping good right was that
fun yeah oh whoa are you skipped it oh
wow it was fell in all right hey let's
find a good skipping rock all right Ryan
you ready for this one you think I could
skip this oh no wait hold it Garrett
fill me hey give me a pen ready yeah
whoo that didn't happen
he's still filming Oh on the dry land
that went about exactly how I thought I
was going to and you pretty much threw
it over the creek
you all right hey be very careful try to
step in the dry spots okay boom we did
it oh we don't have our skateboards
doing you actually drop in right into
rocks I'm going to skip this rock watch
it that totally skipped maybe it kind of
like surfboard either way something
happen hey are you ready
what okay
did it oh the cantaloup got wet
it doesn't look wet okay time to go food
if he could tunnel again is alright
let's go Oh
gir here here let Dad go in front of you
so I can hold your hand as you grow
cross oh here we go
don't dad we just started we got a whole
tunnel to walk through buddy be careful
you're getting too comfortable would you
if you turn around yourself a loss or
Raptor no well one boy hey I'm gonna put
you up here alright oh my gosh oh my
gosh about Phil again
Noah Han let's get out of here say bye
secret sewer doctor the one bye I love
you
that was a pretty good Teager Stewart
trip wasn't that buddy I've heard a lot
of weird noises while we were filming
this daddy a little horrible
I literally just turned my camera on and
I was like what you want to do radness
that's what he said
uh yeah I'll fingerboard dude I'm gonna
race you and I'm gonna win oh my god
you're fast to that sign okay who's
gonna win who's gonna win who's gonna
win am I gonna win am I gonna win am I
gonna touch it first I guess that's our
first ah you buy this much sir next time
it's me all right come on let's get in
the car see no no do not climb on the
car nope
we will never be on the top let's go
home and my finger board it get me to
jail for eating a puzzle is that the way
you go up the stairs ridings got the CCS
here and I've got the rail and I just
did a five oh did you make this mm-hmm
this is a cool setup switch 50-50 to die
down now roll away
oh no you watch at the end you go okay
and you're gonna go off the cliff you're
gonna go off the cliff Oh to grind that
was a plot twist
good stuff dude let's hear ya though
that was really creative dude seriously
I like that oh my gosh I just did a
3-foot nose grind transfer crook over
Kirk whatever you want to call it huh
either way that was awesome okay
fifty-fifty oh oh okay so we're done did
you have a good time adventuring or yeah
then finger ball game is fun too wasn't
it anything Baskin okay my clip didn't
last that long you okay he just ate it I
don't know if you'd see that in the clip
he could definitely see it in the glib
oh you could totally see it we got that
all right he's gonna be back from the
bathroom any second right you like you
fell yeah okay go we're here all right
thank you guys for hanging out with us
that is it for this video we actually
just uploaded another video on our new
toy channel what's it called tell about
your time yeah so go check it out right
there the link is right there I think
right there or it's right in the info we
do videos twice a week there it's a lot
of fun are you loving the turbo toy time
the RC car was so much fun wasn't it
yeah yeah
oh yeah we need to put it in the
donation box but either way thank you
guys for watching this video and all the
turbo toys and stuff we love you guys
and we're gonna go I do videos here
every single day on my channel so I
click the subscribe button if you want
to see more from me but either way I
have a good day and run what's what is
what's your advice when it comes to food
whatever that means take it easy guys
oh look it's a bonus clip you know what
happens in the bonus clips huh you get
you get I was just gonna give you five
bucks you want now if you don't want 5
bunches good oh are you all right now I
feel like I should give you 5 bucks
because I need you in the face on
accident knocking five bucks
you
