this is how you get hurt this is exactly
how you get hurt Wow what's up guys is
really early in the morning and I am
tired I read you're not tired I am but
it's time to start my day I'm doing a
little blogger so it's gonna be fun it's
a rainy day but I'm gonna have some fun
I'm gonna make Bryan Ames eat some weird
stuff some skateboarding craziness all
that stuff's gonna happen but you're
gonna go to school oh good fat v by name
hot peanut the as you give brains hot
peanuts yeah I'm gonna give them some
hot sauce super hot sauce how's that um
super hot thought on a plan babe I don't
have any spare pancakes do you have any
make what I've got a make one all right
let's get this day started let's go you
be a good cat while I'm gone hi Stan
left it no all right guys so I am at
work and I have some stuff to do that's
gonna take my time out so I'm just gonna
get all this stuff done and not make you
guys watch it it's gonna cut two more
exciting parts of the day all right I
got three flip this remote Wow I'll just
pull my shoulder out how do you do that
do it the old-fashioned way
suck at that - yeah boom now the first
try work is over and now we're gonna do
the fun stuff I got a few things to do
here at shred quarters then I'll go on
about my day but we're gonna unbox him
stuff right we are you order he paid
money for some anger stuff because it's
a great company but they actually sent
me some stuff so we're hoping the irony
of them what you ordered is in the Box
they send me the amazing
I'm seriously anchors biggest fan dang
you're a lawmaker all right there so uh
clear that table near get my box
it is gross outside
it's like Christmas did I mention that
you have a weird food test happening
this video where food test typical oh
one power corn 13:40 well I got a ton of
stuff right news here's pockets of air
alright Wow y'all kinda this is a Power
Board speed five with a quick charge oh
cool I think it's one of these things I
haven't had like multiple USB outlets we
this cute box huge chargers the one I
use in my car so that lasts forever yes
they want all the new sound buds dude
these are supposed to be like the
greatest ear buds ear buds that's what
I'm trying to set head time there's
going to be they the greatest ones fo
the cute box this is a charger car
charger so it's got two little guys in
it yeah perfect so these quick charge
things that anger makes they can charge
your cell phone from zero to 100 in like
thirty minutes I swear I don't know what
the actual like a official time is but
that's what it seems like for me it's so
good so thank you very much anchor you
guys want or instant any of these
products I'll put a link right down the
info we love this company to death and
it just so happens that semi stuff and
it's like the greatest thing in the
world but you know even they didn't I
would still use their stuff cuz it's
amazing alright guys now I am headed to
a really cool place the International
grocery store called jungle gyms it's a
little bit across town but totally worth
it I don't really know what I'm going to
get but I know it's gonna be weird and
I'm gonna make Brian Ames eat it I'm not
gonna get anything ranch I know
everybody would love for me to give him
a bunch of weird ranch stuff cuz he
hates that but he would die he would
literally die I'm not gonna do that to
him
I'm on the right track there's some
terrible sodas right here but I've
already done that to him enough yep
those exists
okay I'm tempted for this I think we
should do that ghost pepper salsa
that'll do the trick and gunas pepper
chips which switch door opens okay we
got it
we got a bunch of stuff I got a couple
items I didn't show you guys so let's go
back to shred quarters and challenge for
our names in the meantime let's just
fill myself in public talk to myself or
my phone whatever this is
don't hit me car
she hit hard right here this girl's
cover one view do you look at the bag
yeah you win my office looks yes you've
got another bag of them and they're
coming for you tomorrow I am well I
thought they might have so yeah we're
going to start with this covered
shoulder these are delicious
aha no I will they're hot but they're
not like they're not they're not great
that what you want to be a chip each
that's so good well alright company
doesn't make it worse
he'll give me way more goes peppery I
know the flavors good though I know are
there is a great or also chips yeah
sweep you God
yeah if I do you got a bottle dirt do oh
my gosh that's a good chip I know it's a
Swiss Army knife but I haven't bottle
over you er you meet you first two
meters I'm just going to do one eat them
a drink doesn't be no champions this was
a little bit more okay it has to be
better than the other ones we're good
I'm gonna taste any corn did you take
corn very very very drunk it doesn't
taste like corn it's just like my mouth
afterwards like there was corn here
that's like--that's he tastes cups are
pretty much vegan beef jerky oh it's so
bad have you had it yes my wife likes it
god is terrible and we're gonna have it
here it looks like chocolate it looks
like someone running dude looks like
someone be to touch you all to death and
smash into a jerky shape I can't eat it
really no I knew it how do new the
texture is awful if you spit it out
immediately
yeah this is that man doesn't taste good
all right I'm not I'm not I got it let's
like spit on the table dude this is the
horse on that oh my god that was the
worst thing up what about ever
God said terrible like this smooth is
going to you gonna be tough out probably
some delicious treats it's a happy hippo
biscuit
come on use face through easier
hey watch her watch variety this but
your eat that but is it good yeah we're
good
you want to add more have a happy hippo
this kit it's delicious it's delicious
from Germany I think okay that's really
good this is what riding hated what is
it selim almond powder lemon powder
leave on powder solitaire on up yeah
that it's like all the table yeah go do
it Wow Johnny like go for it okay
is there like horn no you just let me
make sure you have a yes put that around
good I'm gonna more
we're good you like it well it's like
concentrated lemon salt yeah so that I
kind of knew it I'll get myself into
there stop it
ghost pepper salsa Timmy's I need to
find this but I did you go jungle gym
yeah and the thing is that I forgot to
buy tortilla chips so we gotta eat it
with a ghost pepper chips all right here
it is I smell them oh wow okay give me
chip is he I don't have any water
what's gonna suck this like most
seasoned dusted ship ever are you gonna
go first
you'll have to go first I don't know
what's happening oh my god think might
be easy I'm going for no not bad you got
to do it I like was safe I didn't even
need that much of it
I'm it's hot like that it is hot yeah I
had about that much on it there's
nothing spicy having another look yeah
I'm like it tastes as if it's about to
get spicy but you never know this never
happens like I think all the plays
despise key from the chick that's a
bummer dude
is something taste it yeah it's good
salsa but this is like the most on ghost
pepper sauce of all time was like on the
top shelf and everything that sucks
well vegan beef jerk you're gonna stay
away from that I like these neat SS yeah
you want you want to start a whole
channel based on kind of this idea so
possibly you guys like Gandhi I give
this video a thumbs up
these officially are the greatest ship
ever to exist here so good we're gonna
go skateboard for Lohmann but first I
think we got some new hats in at the
strike or somebody go check that out and
then we're gonna go skateboard and by we
I mean you and Casey because I am sore
from yesterday's right and rebels are
gonna be your - oh cool let's get a
little hotter in my mouth but still
nothing to write home about Bryan's
shooting table bro shirt
Doakes hat that is a gross shirt so
concrete oops
one see how dumb I look in half
what are you talking about I look
terrible if you weren't like a normal
human being
well it's new so I'm not gonna like bend
it all out of shape when I trade
baseball cards that's the best way for
you to wear them
yeah it's not a good way though all
right next on terrorizing my friends de
Casey let's go try something dangerous
okay okay is the thing rune for the
blood yeah we'll start with three doing
it you're gonna do well we were
immediately awful out that I dare you to
do a kickflip you should do it you
should see yourself right now
this is not safe it's not safe at all Oh
do you think about that scarecrow oh my
gosh
yes yes tactically
slightly better that was it
I thought you're gonna kick from do it
for sure oh my my Jegs feel like Lego so
yeah that's good you'll Rob Casey
everybody hanging out that whoo
booyah let's add skateboard all right
taper spin somebody oh my gosh this is
how you get hurt
this is exactly how you get hurt
why you landed it I was good
Oh do those it you just quit I'm
terrified every time I try this
so much for a normal being on one
skateboard and 4k sure does Casey we're
going to add a board I'm just going to
roll oh my gosh it is scary that's
amazing
I didn't expect that at all
was a woman a
your road go six count this listen
together one two three four five six
Celtic knots eight this is not safe at
all that's tough that's tough I like how
I'm like serious about this is if I like
I'm trying a real trick but punch that
I'm really sore so I'm just going to
film them I try to double say
yesterday's my video part and jump down
away to May times
and a drink if it but that was on dude
okay so skating is done sucks how to get
a skit I look really sore thanks for
eating random stuff alright but now I'm
closing down shop and going to pick up
my little dude and we are home
are we home yeah and I would love for
you to make your weird face there there
that's hey I got some mail I totally got
some mail I'm open up and flying out of
this right now right now oh my gosh
right in these are zombie comic books
buddy yeah I got the first four volumes
of The Walking Dead I never read the
series and I'm gonna start at number one
of course I don't know why I wouldn't
these are a little too intense for you
to look at buddy no they're pretty
violent sorry buddy hey that is spooky
isn't it yeah yeah yeah wow it has a
skull in the hood Hey glow in the dark
and I don't know how I feel about that
yeah I put on over my red shirt
calm down Internet I do that stuff all
the time no do not look in that just me
just kidding I am going to age oh well
it's fine let's go to put your playroom
yeah why were you excited then if you
didn't know
oh look big was excited too alright so
we're actually gonna film a new turbo
toy time video aren't we and we love
making those don't we and if you haven't
subscribed a turbo toy time it's our new
toy channel which we do a lot of fun
stuff with a lot of different toys so
hit this the button right there and
that'll take you to it or it's right
down the info we racked we actually just
uploaded a new one today of that right
there that is the Deaf Star playset it's
a super cool place huh
so check that out but we're gonna end
this video RV what are we gonna do I am
do you try oh yeah so I guess that ends
this video because I couldn't play Zelda
I am able to play the keyboard just
keeps dying but with so many new
batteries for it but hope you guys liked
this video I'm sorry was a gloomy day I
keep filming like vlog vlog assad's or
Dana life's on like gloomy Ohio days
where I kind of got be indoors so uh
bear with me okay we're gonna see keep
doing things and videos no matter what
but uh you know hopefully we get some
time outside and different settings and
whatnot
but I do appreciate you watching thank
you guys I do videos every single day
here I'm gonna go before riding them
does a wrestling move on me boom did one
on you I did hold on dude take it easy
guys tomorrow
right look at my face man hey hey man
look at my face yeah it just it I'm
gonna have this place for the rest of
the day okay so get used to it
hey both again how about you Bow Wow
okay all right work all right you win
