oh my gosh did you hear how I just
reacted to that that is the proper way
to react to that cliff because if you
did not you didn't understand what was
going on there that right there was the
best camera save of all time period the
end okay and I approve I'm gonna play in
slow-mo right now okay so it starts with
that horrible sound of him hitting the
pebble Oh one's the most distinct sound
ever and this is like it's it kinda like
the sound of death later on in life if
you've quit skating and you haven't
skate for ten years if you can hear that
sound you're still gonna be like it's in
your brain it's the sound of death okay
as I post skateboarding stress syndrome
or something I don't know where I'm
going with that but it's a sound okay
and it sucks because pebbles have suck
but either way Brian hit that pebble
okay and he was going about his fall
okay because the pebble made him fall
and when it's happening alright watch
the shadow in the clip okay please watch
it
that is right
Brian Eames through the camera in the
air from falling which sucked at first I
would pause to fall in the middle of it
I'll be like Brian you just threw my
camera into the air and then it unpause
and I be like oh you're gonna catch it
oh he did that's amazing but he threw
the camera there caught it and somehow
filmed it amazing obviously Brian Ames
didn't mean to throw the camera there
make it point perfectly of the shadow
and then perfectly towards his hand
catching it in his face let's just take
a second to talk about this face look at
this face
if I did not know what was happening
here and someone just showed me a
picture of this like what is this guy
doing right now I got no ideas he's
diffusing a bomb who's only half a
second left
that's pretty much what Brian is doing
right there he's trying to take all of
the same cuz he was falling in during
this whole time and even talked about
how it was a fall that hurt and it had
to be because the sound of that pebble
in the speed and everything was going on
let his hands up here the ability just
take it full back on the ground like
smash that's a winner of a face right
there this is it that's a picture of a
dude that is handling the situation so
if you needed one more reason why Brian
Ames is an awesome person here's this
clip in fact if I was Brian Ames I would
embrace this like I said of using a
resume you know wishes to prove that
you're like a great reputable person
that is great for the job you're going
for whatever I would just be like you
know I got the meeting they're like I
see you did not forward me a resume and
I'd be like that's right actually I have
this clip and I'd hold up an iPad and I
press play and he'd watch it and he
would just be like or she you know I'm
not saying who's here she who's hiring
me let's call it Pat because he can't go
either way they would just reach their
hand across tell Billy congratulations
you have my job you are better than me
you are Brian ants that's right if
anyone else is in the room they would
just clap they'd be like yeah I agree
give him my job too although I don't
know why I'm in here who is this person
that's in the room okay here's a weird
fact you can't hum while holding your
nose close let's try this
prove that wrong you might have sound a
little weird but I did it take that
weird fact but this could also be just
something everyone watches to show you
how you handle a camera when you're
filming and something goes wrong for
instance me when Thomas's board slipped
out you know what did I hold on to the
camera did I throw it out of safety and
then catch it again no no I did not
grant did that happen kind of fast but
still oh my gosh
Brian Ames i Brian Ames all right so
I'll stop rambling about how amazing
that was that hands down I've never seen
a better camera save ever and it was
filmed so accidentally beautiful I had
to make a video of it I did a video like
a long time ago on my channel about this
it was in we revenge 30 when I did the
video about it he only got like 14
thousand views so I was like dude nobody
has seen this on the grand scheme of
things I know 14,000 is a lot of views
you know nowadays the videos gonna get
more views and there you go everyone who
has not seen that I hope you enjoyed it
I'm gonna show you guys some recent
footage of Brian Eames he's been killing
it here in shred cores lately he's been
on power-sliding rampage bro oh I'll
throw in a few things so enjoy that
whoa first try is that way harder yeah
how did you do that dude nothing to do
any having first Ryder baby
Oh brainy
there you guys go hope you enjoyed it
that was brightening skateboarding that
was bright news being a master of life
and this is fall Friday I do these about
every actually it's been a while and
things been like three or four weeks
since I've done them but I do them every
once while I do videos every single day
so if you want to see more from me hit
the subscribe button and that is it I
will be doing a hot seat which I do
every single fall Friday and let me see
who I'm done we're gonna brine name is
himself K because I thought that I did
him last time I did what he's but I
didn't so let's go come on Friday can
you hear me
geez you weren't good at catching that
time no you had no idea when the camera
was coming either Brian I'd like to
thank you for saving my camera that one
time even though you failed in Chicago
yeah Chicago you but you failed to save
my water bottle right there I do not
know a long time ago you know how you do
today oh well good alright I'm just
gonna get right to it
deep inside you you know how you feel
would you make out with a cat yes you
would do that I would do that you
wouldn't be that more excited about it
I'll be super hyped now do the crap out
of that
in a reason so if you needed one more
reason to why so if you needed a reason
to what if you needed a reason to say
your line correctly please press1 805 -
so you needed a reason one more kids to
say lines speak words that make time to
make sentence what
