do-do-do-do-do-do ride it it's like 9:00
in the morning and I've got a surprise
it's not really for you but I want to
show it to you okay so go upstairs wait
for me all right wait in your playroom
buddy what are you doing under your
trampoline come over here come over here
I've got three really cool skateboards
right here these are probably my
favorite skateboard graphics that have
ever existed never ever ever ever ever
right here boom what is that oh that's
good that's awesome that he knew did you
guys see it that's awesome that he
actually knew that it was specifically a
new home so okay you got this one right
here if this is a new hope what do you
use when is the staple oh my gosh it's
Empire Strikes Back the original movie
posters again is in this glare is kind
of crazy sorry look at that look at that
Luke ready Tong Tong how about kiss
ladies like a baby I got you I know
Darth Vader facing the space aisle and I
don't know what Lando do Lando's like
shooting something in the snow it's kind
of weird now if this is that new hope
and this is Empire Strikes Back what do
you think this is right in what do you
think put a new hope and first race back
and then what I return I pick a tie of
the Jedi boom we this this is awesome
we got Slave Leia right here we got Han
about to shoot whoever's looking at the
board graphic we got Luke Skywalker Jedi
Knight go to confront Vader this is
awesome these are super sweet that glare
is pretty bad but you guys can see them
you're hitting it with balls what do you
think of these dude you like this yeah
I'm gonna put these on the wall
downstairs in my office I think I forgot
we were getting these at the Shred
quarters calm which is my online skate
shop where I sell my brands and whatnot
but we also sell other brands like Santa
Cruz did these decks we love Star Wars
there and were like the awesomeness of
Star Wars decks and these came in and I
was like oh my gosh and I took these
right away and I'm not gonna skate these
I have a
I have a collection of skateboard decks
by now in and Santa Cruz actually sent
me a good chunk of them so thank you to
Santa Cruz for the past decks I'm
excited to add these to my collection so
yeah this is a blogger so it's gonna
kind of be a day-in-the-life ish I'm not
going to feel obligated to hold the
camera too much so I'm just going to
show you the cool parts I'm about to go
meet up with a new to skateboard and
then to end the night it is family time
to carve pumpkins would you be awesome
what are you gonna make your pumpkin
into and I've got a gutter guy all right
I love you give me hug he'll wanna die
before you woke up I can do that buddy I
love you all right
skateboard time guys hey well you he
didn't land it at you we are in downtown
Cincinnati trying to trick for my video
part for the revive videos coming out
eventually sooner than later it's
getting near done I came so close last
time I tried this I don't know how I
messed it up but I did hopefully today
fixes this Sam Vestal he literally gets
better by the hour brother yeah minute
by the minute by the minute
you know he did a know slight my life
left for DC Plaza contest he won the
contest he had won the contest yesterday
he's still standing
he is not substituting since that no no
Sonali please skated here
your ear sure says coolest Grampa in the
world okay so I started to skate myself
an investor the kickflip frontside 5050
first try second try how was it there
you guys go
I did it I nailed it last time I came
here I hated and I did not land it and
now I got revenge this guy got a trick -
oh but he's watching Instagram videos
Feeny
a successful day dude I got Star Wars
Dec to begin this day oh you just did it
fool I'm gonna happen try it tell you I
don't think it won't ever happen again
meeting Oh
until now that was a productive session
we're going to another spot and I've
never been here which is rare for me to
go to a new spot since Annie but uh
she'll be fun let's go
right here's your spot it's got like
just like manual pad thing in case you
do that nose manual game bruh yeah brah
dude you're so nice for doing that yeah
bro that manual pad sounds like it feels
fun
here's Sam vessel trying the craziest
thing in the world dude you do it
I do want everybody know that this was
my idea unless he gets hurt then it's
totally on him oh my gosh it's so scary
oh my gosh that deserves a handshake
that does even deserve a high-five that
was amazing
so another successful session
graduations on a clip for your video
part are you filmed awesomely but I got
to go get to a Berkshire store before it
closes and
now
in my messy backseat I now have a stool
success it's family time and riding
immediately got life when I got home I'm
so bad at this game is kind of funny but
oh my gosh this is all of the evil
temptations and now that I look at this
stuff most of its fruits and veggies
once your people is over here but I'll
check us out I would eat all just all I
put the candy corn inside the cookie
legit
is it good there you go there's a secret
snack I like your haircut dude be
painting it which is why you're topless
and here's mine I'm going to do my
favorite band symbol communion Cambria
that's the band not the simple of
simples call the keyword yeah I'm doing
it I don't know what that meant
okay but let's see how it turns out
let's do this hey yeah you over
strategizing first I got to draw this
out because it's really kind of
intricate for a pumpkin so hopefully I
can make this work
so after drawing on paper I drew it on
the pumpkin I think that's what I'm
gonna go with this is unlike anything
I've ever done with my palm Bayless let
me get to it hopefully this doesn't turn
out terrible
now the gunky parker gets a little
pumpkin guts meet the world they make it
a bat yeah that's gonna be cool dude
it's done not done okay it's cleaned out
is what I'm saying you show me your
pumpkin you're finishing up good but we
can totally see that yeah it's a bad in
Indian or divine move it oh you gave him
an ear didn't you there's that one duck
so
do I love you back pumpkin sounds like
just like picking away in the skin I
have no idea if this is gonna turn out
what I mean fraid to look like she
shares a powerful pop all right there it
is
definitely the hardest carving I've ever
tried to do and how it looks doesn't
even represent how difficult it was I'm
glad I tried I'm glad I did let's go
take it outside and show you what I did
my wife on the other hand crushed it
with a Mario brick so I did the circle
just because I felt like it was too
small on the pumpkin but actually looks
pretty good when you just look at the
like the highlighted version of it
there's the key work going in Cambria
google it all Brittany's rocks would you
man if I bash my head on it to see if it
it's like coins came out we would hate
them before I end this guy's a new turbo
Troy time video came out to day with
Ryan and I over on our new toy channels
hit the link right there or the bits
down in the info to check it out I
appreciate you guys all the views and
comments and everything guys are showing
us awesome thank you very much but that
is it I am done here this day was
awesome hey guys watch it I do videos
here every single day so hit the
subscribe button you want to see more
and you guys go whatever you do is
better than what I'm not do because I've
got to clean up all of this do you any
idea how how much that sucks
so whatever you're doing your sit on
your phone computer be thankful you're
not me this is gonna suck
I will set these beside so we can do it
this week okay bye
