for me I think I think your life we're
live we're live
you too what is up guys I have we have a
very cool announcement for you
but first brand names I came to me and
he was like oh I want to I want to do a
21-foot feeble grind while you shoot me
in the face that's gonna have a mercy on
me in for his face so bring the boobs 38
luckily he's got a big big beard I mean
I've hit him in the face twice the
second you hit him he's off the board
the art people is a chance so hi I'm
we're filming this live so it's easier
for us so hello all you alive people the
special announcement is is really cool
this is way better right now it doesn't
hurt right I'll even have any sorry
every time you get shot you just die
we're just saying hi hi that was a
better one ELLs better just just act
like all right cuz is really just I know
we just want to make it more exciting
it's definitely more exciting
he's getting better these things are so
easy to lose no I bet whatever wherever
that one went is the other way because
it was the exact same hit on the
Stephens got one right now look like it
may blow angry you have a freebie right
now I'm not loaded
all right these are my last three and
then you just get to land it we're going
to tell them about this special
announcement
okay I hope you guys are doing great
today I have to like leave and fly to
the airport say where you going Los
Angeles did I tell you why no double
bounce I'll tell you he's trying hard
the last one terrified oh he's really
good pretty much anything for you watch
this next one
you're not gonna do it just get one more
try no no nerves just an announcement
video uh yeah he does he's like Don lamb
feeble every sort of shoving in a feeble
crunch three shove another day I'm sure
it's on his Instagram his Instagram is
just chock-full of a lot of good skate
tricks recently because he's like a new
person is it yes Ellie didn't drive the
Shred quarters is the online skate shop
of course and I was called the straight
quarters family but where there you go
I'll stop talking
there's tantalized you guys with some
information when we started a YouTube
channel
we're like basically all things or live
force free block our friends you know
whatever can go there and we already
have we have some original happening
there's already like five videos right
six videos on there there's like recaps
and we need you guys to go subscribe to
it and get us up I think like ten
thousand is like when like YouTube
recognizes you as a channel so please go
subscribe to it there's a lot of rad
skating content there's that weekly
board which is like a recap of all the
riders so much when you see him miss
Feebles on this hardly ever so that's it
I basically have to like upload to make
it live there like like finish doing
this live stream and then go put the URL
in the info but if you really want to
help us out like please go subscribe to
I look just like dried skin on my later
slide you just gotta move whatever's
happening that's what was happening last
tribe ridings new video guru if he
doesn't land this is not ideal because
the world Wednesday for next week is
really good as a him he does he does a
trick or two maybe a bonus crisis you
stuck it unless you don't want one well
this is just a big teaser for your where
else Wednesday next week okay so thank
you guys this world I hope you guys
enjoyed watching me shoot Brian Ames in
the face made feeble grind I was really
actually
going again and then then hit the button
okay I'll see no hidden what you guys
can
