cool that was awesome YouTube what's up
guys it is raining outside tried to come
inside but I'm going to be boarding
either way all right
what type of boarding do you ask hand
boarding okay I told you I was going to
do this video I was pretty bad at it but
the first video I did I did okay with my
flip tricks but I'm gonna actually do
this I have some text books on the
ground right there and I'm going to see
if I can do some actual hand boarding do
some tricks in the grinds will come in
here eventually and do some on these
ramps and boarding find out if I suck at
it
my goal though is do a three flip nose
ride you think I get how I just pinched
my finger let's just go let's just let's
just do it so here is my hand board it
used to be a DNA and more technique
makes it of course stickers on - and I
have a whole video on how you can make
your hand board snazzy video but so this
is what I made take a robot hand board
I'm gonna warm up with some flip tricks
and then I'm gonna go to the books it's
hard to say that hit the books
so Ollie failed immediately didn't fail
that 100 very book it will go sloppy
remember good Genesis
mmm like a good papa good though I'm
sure Brian is loving this
hi Brian sorry sucks to be you dude all
right you'll flip oh I scratched and
crap on this table wow that was good
yeah I'll take it high five all right
will you hard flip all your ass to that
it honestly I think I touched my foot
like this finger touch the ground will
do it
these are sabers textbooks I would like
to point out it has to the same one
how'd this happen so the first thing I
want to do is a nose one no oh that was
good I start sweating while doing this
just like one level stupider I feel I
can't claim that hand boarding it's so
hard I'm gonna take that dude just so
hard was that it let's watch that back
that was totally dumb
how I can't flip one and then I do a
don't know the whole view but I will
take it I'm gonna keep up dude so that
was it right I mean if you call up a 100
numbers I'd be like yeah you've got it
yeah
cool I'm gonna do dark spot feel if I
was Peter Pan right now and be as
equally proud we're doing here we're the
skate park all right let's talk to Brian
Ames first he's on the phone
oh wait wait I would like you to do a
kickflip see you kick both challenging
for our names or kinglet alright that
was that was done let's go Lydia first
right
I'm sitting down but in the fact that
I'm sitting like oh that's pretty cool I
did not mean to nose around there I'm
gonna be honest
boo look like a salad I was that looked
amazing it went right from lens oh so
did that oh it's hard you that felt
great that was harder than a real one
that's for sure a 502 Brian it was
harder than a real five Oh
was that it that was good enough
bangerang peter
buddy cuz it's actually getting like wax
marks and like look like it was stated
it's time to do the 3 foot nose round I
think i'ma do it yeah I think so dude
cool that was awesome
okay new rule when you get hit in the
face hand boarding you move to the next
hop we're gonna make something over here
I'm like sitting and just pure dirt and
dust that was something I just advise
you to accent to good tricks back to
back yep I'm gonna land everything that
I'm not trying before I do this was that
a three show gosh
it was like one footed got on one but I
got it back on there Lucy
hande Mori is hard but the good thing
about that is that the more you do it
the better you get it's not just some
easy thing but it's super fun and I was
recently talking to tech tech and I like
I like whisper demos like you guys
should totally can boards again so I
want to do a poll right up there if you
click it you can say yes or no if you
guys would actually buy a hand board if
they made them no one makes these you
can find them on eBay and which means
they're more expensive but if Technic
were to make them again like how awesome
would that be so take the poll people
might already pass about to go back but
that is it guys hope you guys dug the
video that was me struggling with hand
boarding I do videos every single day I
do a lot of variety of videos so hit the
subscribe button we want to see more for
me and that's it I'm gonna challenge
Samuel of samson to see if you'd do a
3-foot per strand surgery not bad I know
you would have got mad about me doing
the one-hand cheater so I didn't know
did you honorable honorable I thought
now the answer is gonna happen dude stop
it
Brown what he got there two skateboards
need you to hold in your hands oh you
actually if actually you're not gonna
hold these you can hold the two in the
wall how would I hold the ones you made
like wall put them in your hands that
way your oh my gosh is the same catch
this got it you are genuinely very happy
right now my goal though is do do it to
do to do it to do in to do to do to do
to do to do to do
