what are you doing found the core you
found a quarter youtube it is can we
shredded time I think this is the fifth
episode Brian third it's the it's the
family it's the fifth and last week is
gonna be hard to top we're not gonna try
topping we're trying to get a tragedy
our own thing so we're gonna go to
Goodwill with this guy alex is busy
right now working in shred quarters so
it's just gonna be a trio of dudes going
to Goodwill to find something weird
skateboard on oh it's not Wednesday man
we suck it going on Wednesdays we do
have friends man we got other things
everything the whole stores on half off
I don't just walk in and say I all have
it all right hey get your face and put
it in a car his car preferably later
scarecrow it's coming action yeah you
turned it off when you caught it I
didn't you turned it off we have video
proof of you doing that yeah but I
because I always just stop excusing
right now you excuse it you have to go
through the puddle of death right now
you haven't here on the front seat and
go in because this that sucks that sucks
a lot I went to Jungle Jim's sucks I did
not have trying to find a single chip
really hot oh we good we can hit a
Speedway on the way back I've been to
multiple Speedway yeah but this is well
you haven't been to it's worth a try it
is absolutely guess hey freaking good
times good times
goodbye we're here once again these
people are gonna get sick of me holding
my phone up and good will there you are
Brian friends we have microwave that
would be fun how we gonna skew the
microwave you also have a lamp
you would okay I'm not gonna lie that
that is appealing but we just did that
last week still way colder than the last
one what that's a big microwave and this
is demons hair is it heavy look at you
guys what are you guys right now Brian
look over here this is metal dude this
is like this is so short just frames and
she does it Z dollars
I got he's good at that he's great at
trunking I've tried to open this like 20
times
he's an installer spoiler alert I am
totally backs into one today a microwave
or two in my day hey I'm from wanted one
don't see you do it again Fridays
remember that one time you forgot to go
to Speedway to look for that chip yep
all right what do the what do the great
people a good will not know about
microwave now we skate them no that is
filled with one word not oh yeah my this
is a micro wave not a microwave is that
me away small what small wave it's a
small with a small wave all right so
we're gonna skateboard on this house me
and I are no stranger to this we've done
this because I've skated this one not
this one literally skated this before it
was that good well yeah this one yeah
but we're gonna do it again right here
right now are you ready I'm gonna do the
first trick I'm gonna win of back to
nosegrind first drive I'm gonna Holly
over behind me
we wasted the good surprise on you I
don't know if this one is gonna last
that long like that back side nose grind
did not feel that sturdy you guys build
up I just waxed
it's technically possible to finish I
put that out there that wants to do it
you could
that Denton band that is me hi I did
you see the band really like it's really
been out of shape it's
that was Lumpy's gonna do together I
know everything I like timid I'm saying
how are you know loops on a microwave
for one and how are you gonna almost do
it first try right keep foot manual what
I'm pretty sure is
double manual
that is a parvo maybe thanks thanks for
not giving up on me Steve
cleaned it up cleaned it up
Friday's got the Ender not it did look
at space yeah I mean we beat the crap
out of this thing but like skateboarding
Hawk microwave on wave waves radiating
they're just saying random words that
solves it it can be shredded we shredded
I like is that's cocky you know we don't
like we did pretty good at that if you
guys get a chance to get a microwave do
it cuz it's a lot of fun but do it with
a broken one or one but since this guy
did the best trick the fakie hardflip
over it I'd like to give you a high five
this channel is right there just popped
up I'm used to wherever it popped up if
you can't click that just go down there
it's in the info the thing guys for
watching the video
I do videos every day here so hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
from me and we'll be back probably next
week or the week after with another can
we shred it with this guy's face and
that guy's here dude only the week after
him you eat wood you will one where true
true
goodbye
I'm here I'm here
I can't get a second what was the point
I don't know but then when I threw it I
was like this could get chipped y-you
know it's not like that's a window now
I'm not that bad dude peace no this
isn't my real hair guys just in case you
you're wondering the weird days that you
actually someone's mind right there yeah
right just one of those why are you
still watching
you
