a gun dude fell good dad oh you okay
yeah it is 7:30 in the morning and ridin
is listening to Celine Dion on his
keyboard pretty much as loud as he can
get over here come on come on right now
dude turn the keyboard off yes
that was super convenient just did
itself my friend JP Coover is in town he
was staying with us and ridin literally
was doing that playing the P that's very
nice of you but usually people don't
want to be woken up by Celine Dion this
early in the morning why you will
understand what let's get you dressed
okay come on put your shirt on so how
was waking up to Ilene Dion you didn't
hear - he was playing Celine Dion his
keyboard banging on his little xylophone
right outside your door totally didn't
hear that's good you got lucky boy so
this is a day in life
52 and it's gonna be a rainy day
unfortunately but yeah I'm gonna drop
this guy off at preschool and we're
gonna get straight quarters and get the
day started
you ready yeah I love you
hi JP
hi my name's hello this is Dan what day
it is
would you your toaster right now no
would you to pop to our overto strudel
nope
feel like you have to pick one I guess
it's just the toaster strudel huh
I'm here I'm at work this is the Shred
quarters where I run my businesses or I
skateboards the force fields but that
dude toaster true guy over there and
yeah I don't have a huge workload today
which means there's more time for high
jinks for you guys so that's good I'm
gonna go into the warehouse here in a
second and say what's up the workers but
in the meantime I'm gonna let JP finish
his bagel that dudes actually leaving
today what sucks is you've been here for
a few days has been a good time you drew
that will get it all right so I'm gonna
go say what's up to my workers less
friends and would you like to be
challenged to draw legit I'm already
long doing it yes this will probably
take me like four minutes five minutes
we'll see we'll see what he comes up
hallux whoa whoa whoa okay I'm done I'm
done the guy I was proud of too and then
they just kept going how was your skate
night last night it was good good Ryan
chambers how was your house your dinner
last night uh great hanging huh your
pizza yeah I was a good answer yeah how
was the last shower you had okay it was
good that's great
what do you have I'm not fine yes that
was it sooner yeah dude this is good man
I don't put this on my wall that's
awesome
cool menu dude JP is literally a master
cartoonist that's his that's his
education title he's my good friend he's
been staying with me and he's a YouTube
channels right down there thanks man
yeah but sadly gets to leave like really
soon so anyway bummer you should go back
soon well alright right now for a good
chunk of my day I'm going to edit I have
to get a warehouse Wednesday edited an
upload for today basically every video
I've been doing lately has been like at
the last second ready so hopefully the
next few days I fixed that but I'm going
to start editing but before I do that
cos rather do that first try not gonna
lie
that's gonna be good right there stopper
this year to go dude it's been a good
last few days
thanks for anything man of course this
guy you guys probably already know
because I just talk about this every
time this guy is in any video but he
does a lot of the art work for us so
most of your favorite decks are done by
this guy so thank you for the work you
do of course uh email sighs what up dude
the best time of the day has happened it
is soup time but watch the arrow season
4 came out on Netflix and I'm a happy
dude soup topping get in my soo who's
watching I am back to editing it's
almost done
I just gotta wrap it up and then save it
and then my day gets a lot easier get
off my desk rum bottle water video done
it is saving right now I'm going to go
see if I can do something really stupid
crazy this guy tells me I'm gonna try to
ollie over 1,000 skateboard decks with a
launch ramp with the moat the worst part
about it is actually getting the
skateboard decks into the warehouse
chambers I know you're doing this dude
and I appreciate you doing this but you
take time out of your day to see if I
can Ollie over a thousand skateboards
ensure we'll get that red thing and
we'll just stack them okay everyone down
Smee I don't know if I can do it either
okay
upon further contemplation we were like
Matt like mapping us out it would be
double the length of this I don't think
I can do a thousand but I'm gonna try to
do 500 doable it's doable it's gonna
suck because I'm kind of tired today you
don't want to ollie 500x No
okay all right let's get 500 skateboards
are in Destroy quarters
this is 250 this is a good thing
Pauline 500 feet board we're gonna be a
thing you know oh here's a super sweaty
Thomas hey
I roll over a crack right before I so
Wow my wonderful friends are working on
the other 250 this is only half of it
I'm gonna warm up it up my knowledge you
fifty which is gonna be super easy
already they're fast yeah they're here
already
I'm honored to do
I think yeah that was really good
so technically 201 because run screw
that up we're going to do nine rows of
50 the other 50 were a set in the middle
here engine if I like even put my foot
is make sure you kick out I'm worried
about my body not clearing and I put my
feet on a stack of wobbly skateboards
yeah well don't do that I'm going to do
this first right you know that right
blackboard is a cruiser deck thanks to
the branch chains 501
you make it right at the end that was
amazing you had it though it's fine now
you hit it like right here did you bear
it didn't even rip the plastic off this
is going to help a little bit I think
you're like flat
we got all those people celebrating you
quit you cleared it by a lot throw
another hundred no nobody's gonna
Ollie's had chambers any would the
Chamber's can you just do an ollie I
know you can I want to kick of it okay
we move some of this stuff right here
and utilize this space I think we can
make it happen I think it's a it's a
bold move it's a full moon
he's so funny I realized the first time
I set this up we could have made it a
lot easier because this looks way small
so I think equal poverty boards I'm
gonna do it if I land it will you call
your mom and tell her sure that's the
warm up
again you didn't break plastic at all I
want to do that
hot he's scaring me man yeah
yeah oh you did of course I stuck it
like that though
you
yeah look hardest thing I've done in
Shrek worse I was sad was a lie I wasn't
but that was hard so pretty
I was so good that was way bigger of a
battle I thought it was I'd like to
thank all these guys really him he had
my camera he's now they're gonna
skateboard for you while I clean up the
boards I just capable Dover and I got a
quality check the last like two rows
gosh
what was that dude it was awesome
all right good skateboard guys good
skate born dude okay
good skateboard another dude thank you
Andy he stopped doing what he was doing
just to help me
so Laurie I'm sorry I'm gonna go home a
shower can be amazing have you ordered
from the Shred course calm you might get
a board that I came to the door but you
have no way of knowing yeah how pretty
the one who boxes up your order
yeah do we have any shoes we earn
another one day well I'll see you
tomorrow bye names see buddy goodbye Oh
oh my gosh I'm sore I did not think that
kick book was gonna take that much out
of me I don't even plan on doing it so
at least I did it I'm excited I would
have skated outside today but it's
gloomy and it's looking like it's gonna
rain at any moment so I just stayed in
there so it's a shred corners day in the
life I'm sorry but I'm about to go get
riding from preschool and hopefully
we'll get into some fun stuff especially
if this rain holds off we'll actually go
do something that's it guys
hey people are gonna be like I'm weird
we are home anywhere how is your school
day good did you learn my stuff awesome
he actually got in trouble so are you
gonna start out by going to clean his
whole playroom before we do anything fun
right
well when you get in trouble at school
you don't get to just go and play right
away buddy okay you got to clean up and
do some work first okay I do love you so
I got home I take a shower and now I'm
checking to see how the playroom is cuz
he said he was done you cleaned it are
you walking like that
alright from first glance it looks
awesome look at all this stuff buddy
like there's stuff on the floor I like
their breakup you can keep them ready to
play with but it's got to look neater
that okay alright this looks much better
well this place has been cleaner but
this looks pretty good thank you very
much for clean now Pablo's bad no you're
sweet buddy Robert we're gonna play the
park I want to make a vid yeah we are
making a video you ready buddy that's
not allowed enough are you ready buddy
are you ready everybody Wow there we go
nice top dating her when she claims that
she was Batman you're not no like
talking about why buddy it's right over
there I promised you who I'm talking
about so I was telling him about like
the dome-shaped thing that you can crawl
on that he's done before and he was like
no that's not there you don't know what
you're talking about
and lo and behold I know what I'm
talking about it was pretty crazy riding
Patrick's pub now you're a puppy
I don't think puppies can climb this
thing guys hanging out on a climbing
dome thing that's what we are right yeah
oh
I thought wow congratulations no no you
get going you get going get going down
the slide oh my gosh you're taking my
arm with me with you well don't kick
your own bus ha I like the beep that was
my favorite part of that Righton you
should try jumping off of a swing watch
dad do it and then you're just gonna
jump watch see super easy again did fell
good bad you think so
alright hold on I'm gonna get you going
oh you okay
that was a wipeout if you do it again
let's do it a little smaller
alright let's see it just a baby jump
there you go there you go high-five
you stood I'm proud of you do you fell
and you got up and you did it anyway
didn't you oh that's good
there you go now I hit it back yeah
head back oh oh oh you mean by me oh
everybody again oh you're gonna get a
point you're gonna get a point you got a
point
good job dude you got a point give a
good time ridin it was fun wasn't it mom
cooked dinner so we're gonna get home no
somehow the fish survived in the guys
wallet what what do you what is that for
what is happening I have no idea
hi babe hi it smells fantastic would you
had to start drinking this what do you
put the put the ball back you goof here
go put it back in a grudge it looks
delicious
thank you so much it looks delicious
babe and I'm leaving you to have a tea
with my family crazy storm I swear it
hit like there a lightning bolt hit a
tree right there
I've got soap on a stick I'm gonna clean
this pan with it
look at this place I cleaned up all
right dinners over isn't it delicious
where did that post do to you right what
are we doing now here green room we're
doing some trampoline well riding is
done not me I'm gonna film it do not hit
the shelf oh my gosh you disappeared
is that fun what is this dog's name is
giorgia whoo Wow so that whole time we
were jumping there was a tornado warning
and my phone didn't beep make noise but
it's gone now so that's good I forgot we
had this fingerboard Rael red okay yeah
speaking a pig more in a few days ago we
uploaded a figure boring video to turbo
toy time and it was fun
so check that out George of joy time is
right right there click that link for
riding my new channel about toys it's
also in the info you can do a trick let
me see a kickflip feeble who is this
lipslide to pity pity
to summon to promote Chilean again
heck yeah loot uptime well you look
pretty casual how was your dinner bagel
so that's it that was a day-in-the-life
fifty-two thank you guys for hanging out
with us did you have a good day yeah we
had some fun stuff didn't we for a
gloomy day we made it we made it pretty
good of it next time hopefully I'll do
it on a day where I can get out and do
something other than the normal shred
corazon house but don't leave her out of
my face
hey thank you guys for watching I do
hate videos every single day here so hit
the subscribe button if you want to see
more from me but we're gonna do the Star
Wars scene
okay so what's gonna happen you're gonna
act like you shoot me with the blaster
then I'm gonna deflect it and it's gonna
get you and you're gonna jump backwards
okay oh no a stormtrooper we'd have that
first try I love you stormtrooper your
night buddy it's about you too
