YouTube what is up guys Bryan Ames and I
are building setups okay we are putting
together some new setups and we're gonna
race I got the idea I was like why
haven't we done that before I don't even
know if I'm fast at this I have no idea
if I'm good at this
but it's gonna be interesting I would
like to start by saying this is the
stupidest place we've ever put boards
together just little in the grass
so much so what we have we both have our
skateboard
we both have griptape we have our trucks
off the wheels and bearings are put on
there ready to go and the bolts we have
to grip our boards which we weren't
gonna do but I was like that would make
it a little more interesting actually
Bryan convinced me to do it you have the
upper hand because you just have a shoe
grip tape I have to put a sticker on
mine yeah but you have to put a stick
around I'm not gonna skate a wood I
don't want to see the wood I want to see
a sticker I want to see like a skeletal
I'll get it simple and og we have no
idea who's better than this I'm not
gonna be offended by lose cuz if I suck
at this like yeah I'm gonna go on with
my life like Oh Kash so I keep putting
the board together I can live with
myself I thought I saw a taco truck the
day I see a taco truck in the suburbs
dude I'm gonna buy some for one I guess
that'll be the day
do not look at this guy dude I don't
even have anywhere to put my bolts dad
I'm gonna win this he is so prepared
he's not he's like losing bolts and
stuff isn't loose any I lost one it's
gone forever
hey look at me man I'm killing it oh oh
there that those are good let's do it
come on Steve and say on your mark get
set
all right on your mark get set go carts
your grip tape was already undone -
Bryan Ames
oh hey it leaves under my grip did you
do that Matt did you mess up I was
thinking about that
hey give your grandma could eat a whole
cup of jalapenos a whole cup yeah my
grandmother yeah
no crime I have no idea but my my
grandmother's oh yeah
when they go for hopefully somewhere
else that is an air bubble that is an
air bubble right there that was like an
air balloon that was a balloon that
wasn't a bubble that's a balloon where's
my where it is where it is another thing
that sucks is you like do this fast
you're gonna regret it I would like to
put out there that the guy filming this
works at a skate shop and can do two and
two in the mountain time we do 100 wait
to go get that what would you do if John
Travolta came up and kiss you right now
Oh
you're going out that's the wrong way of
doing it but I got him a DAB you gotta
adapt to my surroundings Brian I one
time had a pet iguana
I ate feta squash it was really normal
existence I'm gonna go on one time my
friend had Paris Hilton's phone number
and he he didn't believe it so he called
her and it sounded like Paris Hilton so
I just hung up on her I didn't look at
that that's not that's not right that's
not right you make a mistake in this
town in your toast in this town I mean
this video go in Judah they Amy's gonna
beat me I mean I've got passion and
heart okay and that's what that's a
lotta like man you just got it you just
got a care I do not remember what my
front trick is and that's it as that's
terrible dude you got a video like Doug
and you right up on the front truck I
did that but it disappeared do you like
jazz Brian I do would you be bummed if I
broke into your house at 3 a.m. and just
blare jazz music that actually happened
I'd be pretty hyped actually you'd be so
confused I'm gonna be very confused
where's my schedule Terrace where's my
where's my screwdriver you're gonna win
because I have no life
there it is what the wind blow a
screwdriver away everyone's like use the
the sprocket what is it called the
ratchet not faster bra I have one of
your nuts
somehow wait what let you take one of my
nuts gonna be nutless dude it's a windy
day dude none of you guys can hear cuz
we got a microphone dude my wrist is
sore
I wish like celebrities would like take
requests on videos and make like I would
like to see Kanye ass try to try to do
this as fast he could he would suck in
oh I know what strategy you did your
trucks are on oh absolutely man dude
this is his first time ever putting a
board together I think dude I can't use
my left hand it's like so sore dude he's
about the windows oh I'm gonna final
stretch right now that sucks
how did that save that much time like my
fingers don't work as sore from live
learning variable lesson very variable
no I'm not I had a handicap Ryan I had
to put a sticker on hallelujah tape
please Photoshop like Pierce Brosnan's
head on him done to screw is tightened
that sucks
oh man I've been sitting on my kick
living leg for that whole time
I technically landed that you should see
my back I live it my back foot I'm gonna
see them the grip job isn't that bad I
thought it was me a lot worse I got
straight mine down just kind of battery
scrap I didn't create mine down either
anybody's rings all right now I'm
technically done which is immediately in
those you better pick up left first
terrible there we go good he's like
still going no I just want going back to
perfect the things that would annoy me
like the little imperfection of the
group team let's clean this up and then
we're gonna skateboard for you guys
basically I'm terrible and Andy is
amazing boom I would not have been a
sore winner if I was if I was the winner
I'll do I'm the source winter ever hear
things like things I enjoy beating
beating the crap out of Christian and
Jason parking putt-putt being faster at
putting together scenario there we go
there's that's what Brian aims live for
how do they set forth like he'll fry
names like got us new skate tools I
don't know why but I got to open this
skate tool Darth Vader holds this nickel
test for me
big spin front side nose slide test if
you'll please move oh I just smashed my
leg into the corner of the box since
Jacob from Missouri couldn't move fast
enough I kicked the corner of the box
and her a lot
every day is a different name for you
dude that was mani money
yeah
thankfully I'm good
hey he's not okay yeah well I'll still
be a much better person than good job
right hey no problem dude
proud of you that was your left hand
that was not the right way to do it but
these we forgot to talk about resettles
so this is an 8-inch t-rex showdown deck
with AM grip grip tape with a very
hurried for sticker there and I have
some force Wheels catacombs
these are 53 I do believe I have some
Bronson bearings Orion galaxy trucks and
some revived light bolts the old purple
sketch 8.0 Dec crux trucks Bronson g3s
force Reaper wheels and force hardware
and jessup grip tape and I would like
take a moment to thank this guy over
here JP he's designed so many of our
decks and shirts and just graphics in
general so thank you free work did he
acts as a YouTube channel his user
channel that is right down there
so thanks we should totally do a series
of this where there's repercussions if
you lose and I really want to see Thomas
in one oh my gosh would be so obvious
Tom racing Thomas next yeah so oh yeah
okay winner takes on the next person
already absolutely and so there'll be
repercussions like you might get caked
in the face I'm going to be Thomas
please yeah you probably like but of you
guys like that idea give this video
thumbs up I do daily videos here so
there's a scrap but if you want to see
more and thank you sir Jacob Crabtree
for filming that's a real person from
Minnesota Jacob crab grass from for
filming well will be done
by the way a winner got to do like of
all the grip tape stuff is they got to
play like the boss at the end you know
like well that's you is that you sorry
they're the boss all right apparently
Steven is the the Shao Khan nobody's
beating me is it you think I wouldn't
know who she is I mean they're probably
gonna yell you if it's not like from the
rights from Street Fighter
I said shuttle II was from Mortal Kombat
and everybody believed in their I was
great
Oh people whine gosh the internet come
on you're smarter than this
you
