this is the hardest thing you that
anyone will ever try on earth ever for
any reason anywhere at any time YouTube
what is up guys did you know what this
and this have in common if you put
anything together that is weird because
they don't have anything in common but
today we're gonna make a pet to have
something in common so you were right
all along we're doing carpet not a
carpet what do you call this exercise
ball boarding but it'd be fun to get an
exercise ball and tried to do some
skateboarding with just a deck on top of
it I might get hurt there's a really
good chance that I'm gonna get hurt and
twist my leg or something but it's gonna
be entertaining us that's that's that's
that's that's that's that's net I would
like to first thank JP back there for
throwing me that stuff JP is a guy and
he threw me that stuff and I'm super
thankful
I mean if JP was a girl probably not
call him a he because he'd be a she
didn't need that tab anyway well I'm
never closing this box ever again yeah
when you were a kid you ever eaten paper
everyone was freaked out so we got the
big exercise ball you better get back
paper
okay listen to the live biscuit lately
yeah it has a hand pump so it comes with
exercise ball and a hand pumper feet
which takes air from the outside of the
world and puts it inside the world of
the ball I like barely look at the
camera right now the Sun is this song as
the Sun I just I guess I should have
complained about it went away
immediately do this thing a super stuck
together this is creepy this is what I
imagine like Spider Man suit feels like
after a day of fighting crime yeah it's
like I'll stuck together it's horrible
oh oh this isn't one of those things it
just takes a million years
so what you are blowing up an exercise
ball you look like this guy at the park
something like that makes you feel a
little less weak not weird
this is an arm workout too man oh my
gosh my shoulders about to fall off yeah
you do it this is so stupid
don't blow my exercise ball I want to
hear about a reoccurring nightmare that
I had as a kid so I'd always be at my
grandparents house and I'd be at the
back of their house and this monster
would try to get me I think I would be
able to start running but then I got to
this certain carpet which actually
exists in their house I get to this day
they had this carpet I would freeze and
I couldn't move dude have you ever been
chasing a dream and you couldn't move
this is a very annoying thing this is
the worst day to do this by the way the
ball was going to fly away we're not on
it this is what you're doing with your
day you're watching me look like this
blowing up an exercise ball how you guys
doing good oh yeah you're better yeah I
know I look great dude my wife is
massaging my shoulders tonight
don't don't it's like deep inside like
inside my shoulders you basically have
to punch my insides to get to it get
your hand away
this is gonna be fun I've got a 7.5
skateboard it was just sitting in shred
quarters and I'm like it's gonna be
tough dude like I should have like at
8.5 dude this is gonna be so scary I'll
just jump onto it I'm gonna die she's
got the small one
maybe if I ran at it due to fight any
cake football this I'd cry well I found
the hardest sport in all of the history
of the galaxy this is so dangerous dude
she'll let some air out of you think
watch out I'm gonna saving myself at
least not really oh that is possible the
worst part of this is that every single
time you try it it feels like you're
going to like slip out and die I'm gonna
start really calm okay I'm going to roll
off it and then I'll be able to jump
back up into the wilderness
it is a start that did not look cool at
all but that was a start this is it geez
that was in the knee and the camera and
I don't do that happens so fast it was
like good board to camera instantly
almost it's set you will not let if the
winds too bad it just won't let you do
it like you never know what way it's
gonna go
that's probably killing it right now Oh
sometimes I thought this was a weighted
ball
that get you every time you wanna play
tough all place off world of difference
oh my gosh gosh one footer I'm gonna
punch you I'm gonna find your maker and
punch them yeah your feet on the nose
and tail of us like in the little
pockets
you don't expect it to bounce the way it
does that's the best that I'm going to
do with a nollie so that was like the
hardest thing I've done all year and it
was like the least impressive looking
thing I've done all year okay guys I've
decided to do something different you
know I just something's telling me that
I probably shouldn't keep doing the
exercise ball boarding forewarning don't
exercise ball board it is dangerous you
might get hurt
it is not fun the filmer might get hurt
the filmer gets it does get hurt
I'm gonna play a game of GRS because
it's in the grass versus this guy just
Locker
I've never have you ever grass boarded
no I'm either you go to three though no
come on
dang it he goes first all right come on
have fun with that Oh
do you think your kicks lips have any
strength here of course this guy's got
gee no no this guy's got gee we're
playing for GRS maybe we could do a
whole game if it's this easy to kill me
yeah that's right should I steal his
trick what do you guys think you two
yeah you almost have to no no no no no
no no no no no no no no so much shove it
okay
I can't land that my Hilda I'm just
telling you
I'll do it again that was equity counted
but then you slizz 'old you're sure like
this or did your foot away
yeah we'll count that unfortunately you
sound like Snoop Dogg I'm the last one
be flip ah stack of pancakes
alright come on go back to your cupboard
little india cry three shop and pray
switch flip I know dude I call my mom
immediately when I landed else's County
was like you're your dummy son and
stupid ingenue Gee Gee Gee Gee
and I'm all or something G alright
Casper dang it yeah all right gosh are I
don't know what to do for this one he'll
flip
that's happened watch Ryan Kasper try
this forever
I landed first like them
I just want to someone beat this game at
the honorable trick Patang it does that
Cal counts you Dean game is gosh I never
even thought of those you've got to be
kidding me
I would I will never be able to land oh
yeah I can I'm never healed with the
board of that wheels
he said the snow ski house close that
was very close I just one for one for
yourself
how's that you completely missed I did
he won his channel is right down there
this was a fun this was an interesting
video hope it was pretty was way more
funner for the viewer probably more fun
whatever I don't care of him
it was not fun yes that was dangerous
thank you guys for watching hope I have
a better idea next time and uh that's it
you want with so many flips I can handle
it
we just may be surprised if his just
sailing this guy call that was stupid
let's go give this to some kid hey do
you want this your upper yesterday right
yeah there you go 7.5 but it's brand-new
thank you yeah come on yeah I feel
better about making this video because
he got a skateboard Ivan can you look
like an idiot what yeah and I look I
definitely an idiot some am because the
Sun right now in the wind and away and
hammer the major Anton oaf is here I
like tossed
all right so Thomas is here a woman
accused him of not saying hi he didn't
come over to me and say hi then I'm
gonna interview him okay
Thomas interviews I'm okay I'll hit it
so how did you feel when you got the
skateboard it didn't come say hi to me
um I felt pretty bad but I feel like you
will forgive me I will forgive you in
about two months I'm gonna be hold a
grudge until then all right imagine that
you walk into a room and your pager goes
off what's the first thing you think uh
when did I buy a pager bingo that's the
right answer
