walk around and I'm going to take your
picture next to the spider I can't come
here come on just go sit right next to
it go you're close to decay did I get
you
what about him
me arriving that's all I thought I got
man
here is the scariest four-year-old
you've ever seen in your life oh my gosh
you're terrified okay stop stabbing me
with a trident look in the mirror you
look terrifying like a muppet baby from
from a heck alright let's see it
that was interesting
nailed it
you and your bike helmet nailed it
you're just everywhere aren't you right
buddy here you wake up there you're
waking up I miss your face and there's
the pokemon cards you go everyone say
what do you think it's kind of moving
mom and dad are waking you up really
early
yeah why do you think we're waiting you
okay I go away just because it's early
because we wanted to play pokemon with
you right now
hey we got something to show you come on
yeah we were out do a jump do jump off
the off the bit bed don't look I'll get
to hold you
yummy hmm you know it's Lord yeah
you want us to tell you yeah dad you're
in : you memorize seven go in to LA yeah
I'm actually going somewhere else where
is it you're going with me yay we're
getting thank you what we're gonna go to
Disney World
yay right now well yeah right now
yeah we're literally going to get on a
plane and go play pokemon with Mickey
and then really hope my god oh okay hey
you see this is your mouse here without
you oh look at that sees the sky
are you excited don't bite the couch
okay buddy
belly stop it you're gonna get hurt
buddy belly smegger doesn't mean you
have to have your belly out don't know
I'm not kidding stop stop ridin look at
Sam Taber oh wow that dude just
straight-up flew onto a building granted
that's like a 7-foot tall building but
still more of like a shack all right I'm
done so beautiful J here at Disney World
ridin how do you feel hey would you want
a banana
there you go I'm just kidding it's mind
you I was hitting is yours all right so
hurricane is hours away and we got some
bold zebras living life on the edge
and it's about 30 minutes later it's
raining harder and the zebras have not
moved starting to think that these are
daredevil zebras wanting to sit through
hurricane figures statues oh you moved
it with that there's the shining twins
of zebras they're just standing there
staring
did that hurt wow it didn't look right
in how many times can I show you that
you can't have it buddy
you make it your island you just you
just can't have it right and don't fly
away no violence no
that was the ready lap yeah so that was
a bunch of randomness included with a
lot of Disney footage as clearly you
guys realize we surprises you with
Disney's you have fun what did you like
was your favorite Disney uh now scale
really because the second time you went
on you were terrified and before it came
out the first time you had blast yes
which doesn't make sense but I think
okay yeah so you might have seen some of
this stuff if you subscribe to turbo toy
time that is right in my new toy channel
we have a lot of fun with it and I put a
little Disney Edit up on there so you
might have seen it but most of the stuff
has never been seen by you guys I hope
you guys enjoyed it and if you're not
subscribed definitely do it the link
appears right there right now it's
everything toys with this guy I do you
love turbo toy time uh-huh do you like
making videos okay yeah we uh we do it
about twice a week today and put up a
single board and big yeah yes we did so
definitely check it out we got a new
ramp we do some tricks on it and we had
a lot of fun thank you guys for watching
this I do daily videos here so hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
from me and then like I said sure Bejoy
time the link is right down there now or
the card was was up there it's gone now
you want to say anything before say
before we go you don't say anything at
all even you're going to say I'm about
to get to go no just say I don't get to
hear you I'm gonna get cake god well now
you are thank guys you have a good one
we'll see you tomorrow
