you too that was right what up YouTube
don't mess alright here you you buttery
flaky crispy crust or something that's
so good
so good guy YouTube wazzup guys finally
I have footage for my sony a7s - this is
about a month ago in New York I
basically just fun much of randomness
kind of a longest road vibe to it at the
same time things just start happening
but it was a good time and mind you I
ordered the wrong lenses for my camera
so try not to overthink that it may look
funny or feel funny because I need to
order some new lenses but I won't talk
anymore I'm gonna let you guys watch
this randomness from New York
oh I'll respond to some comments after
this so you get your videos worth of
that's it enjoy this footage from New
York I'm moving my hands a lot should be
a conductor nope don't need to be dead
no offensive conductors I just don't
want to be one what's up guys I'm using
my new camera for the first time this is
the a7 s to Sony we're here in New York
and I'm just gonna film a bunch of
randomness today and we'll see how it
works up there yeah I don't know what
I'm doing this camera Brian le Phil face
this way looking good though good you
like it I have no idea hey there's Doug
- are you trying to no side this I'm
gonna film it give me my first trick
that I film with this thing yep record
Josh Katz
what's up dude a haircut he just eats
his high five man just right away so I'm
gonna talk to Josh guys over here that's
all dude how you been
it's the first time that I've been in
New York and you've actually been here
dude how you been
it's the first time that I've been to
New York and you've actually been here
why are you here I hope we'll do
skateboarding trick you look I'm use my
new camera he was full three 7s - yeah
well yeah well yeah I just turned it on
for the first time out of like a month
so I even I have absolutely been blowing
it
success this wide angle is not as good
as my fisheye okay so I haven't actually
messed with the settings on this camera
at all I'm just kind of like turning it
on and letting Auto happen so today
hopefully I'll be able to actually do
that and film some really nice long lens
shots because I got a long lens for this
that was the longest fall ever all right
I had no idea you were doing that but I
got it good job thank you okay so I'm
getting a little bit useful I just
looked at a lot of the settings thanks
to Josh two of their what's your last
name Josh Josh Cheryl okay he has over
eyes I actually have some crops frame
lenses on the camera so I didn't buy new
lenses which sucks cuz I did research
and I still messed it up when I bought
it ever that one time he Allah didn't I
didn't get it but now filming a switch
ollie
there's dog on a park bench bare with me
guys I'm slowly learning this camera
apparently he went 20 bucks for that
Brian said right here brand-new lost 20
bucks I did lose $20 a lot of things
around not everything but definitely I
saw a shirt in New York that says money
over everything yeah
capitalism is pretty pretty big you yeah
he hit it accounts no it doesn't because
I want him to land it for my camera
normal color and then there's that guy
that was one weird-looking dog
I'm not screwing that up so there it was
yeah I'm sorry I wasn't like the
craziest skateboarding and like I said
it wasn't like a full vlog aside but the
camera does look nice I just need to get
the right lenses some of that stuff look
gorgeous I'm probably going to use this
camera more for like fancier edits and
stuff and then of course like the
following video I probably won't use it
for everyday YouTube videos like this
because I feel like my t5 I like
everything about it it's pretty perfect
you know I mean I'm used to it it works
so I'm gonna keep using this I'll
definitely use my a7s2 here and there so
you'll see it don't worry I'm not gonna
buy an expensive camera and not use it I
got a lot to learn about it you don't
have to give me all your tech advice
like I'm just getting my hands dirty
with us slowly but surely because like
that now I'm gonna get Brian Ames in
here I think he's walking here right now
there's that guy there's JP over there
too new spilled coffee all over the
place
Donald Trump sucks is the top coming
down on trumping all over the place but
you did 98 in a row that's pretty darn
good - I think I can do one right now
you can do two you totally did two three
if you did - and you added those to my
98 we would've done 100 over 99 kickflip
have you ever had a failure that ironic
huh oh you know what you said that
hundred Club thing that's CW to lead oh
that guy said that omni AG says does
anyone know if he is divorced with his
wife I don't think you are I don't think
I am either I don't know what makes
people think that I think Ryden said I'm
gonna have dinner with mom and if you
are like whoa why isn't dad gonna be at
this said dinner I was I was there he
was just that was like one that was a
different video actually I think are you
playing on my camera I am I like it I
like it to stuff see man says does
anyone know why Andy only wears red
shirts nope I don't
what some of those yeah my wife does
that I divorced apparently by that dumb
was breathing Kyler 77 says Andy you're
so chill it's amazing keep skating bro
thank you I will and if you skate boy I
hope you keep skating too by the way
this comment is this video is I grabbed
someone's girlfriend and it's update
video I just tell a lot of things
including the store when I grabbed some
girlfriend Ivan watch this video yet I'm
gonna watch it you should pack her this
is it's a update video it's one sudden
says does anyone else think Andrew looks
kind of like Justin Sudeikis I'm pretty
sure no no I've never heard that in my
life I get the day to remember dude all
the time like there's probably some
person driving by right now telling me
that he looked like the day to remember
ever heard that yes I've heard it ah I
can't wait
meet that guy oh the guy looks like I
need Sam yeah I'll show you I want to
meet the guy be like dude you get this
so you're that guy
Nicholas fries says how do you miss your
9:00 dad kick flip you kick it it fails
to rotate you landed upside down you
stare at it and disbelief it's pretty
much what happened then I just went home
I was like I was Street skating at night
in the Sun parking lot and I was like
what - I was like actor I did two more
kick flips afterwards all's I want to
see if I would mess up again I didn't so
Manuel Eisen says Casey the midget with
the water head what does that mean I
don't know what that means he's not that
short is it no he's not no normal normal
Klaus Bobby C says Andy struck it was
Kenny Powers voice actor I won't take
that Bieber watch that show I'm spending
down dude watch the first season we got
to change videos this is bad let's go do
the warehouse ones they complain about
bottle flipping oh yeah it's just a it's
one aspect of the where else Wednesday
we had full scape we're in their Malvin
core nine says did you retire from
skateboarding the bottle flip yes trendy
hipster I did - bottle flipping videos
and I did three other videos that have
bottle flipping in them but they had to
skateboard and they had other things in
them this video being one of them this
is the reason where else Wednesday
called prove your bottle flipping
YouTube is my job okay so me to make
views means I get to support my family I
get to keep everything when the Shred
core is going so it bottle flipping if a
bottle foaming video gets a million
views that's good for me alright that
means everything I do is going to
continue on forward and it's it's just
gonna help out more people than just me
so if I can make a video that I fully
believe in like I enjoy the videos that
I made that's five only two full ones
out of about 2,000 videos I'm gonna do
that I'm totally gonna do that because I
enjoyed making the videos I'm not gonna
make a million evolving videos that I
just don't care about but it's getting a
million views i Abdullah's a
skateboarding video called 34 handrails
skateboarding tricks and it got like
40,000 views okay that is like on you
guys like if you guys want to see our
skateboarding like click the
skateboarding like actually watch the
skateboarding you know but I don't post
videos that I don't enjoy making and
that's what I do I try to keep my
channel light-hearted and I like to I
like to make videos so if anything all
these people that are clicking the
bottle voting videos that don't usually
watch my channel might start watching
and might start skateboarding because is
skateboarding yeah so the best thing
about the YouTube is that if you don't
want to see something
don't okay this is the world's ones
where he had the best intro ever
it's amazing it's my favorite winter
we've ever done where's mozzie and Kenny
Schultz says it's fake you can hear him
laugh after he tripped I don't think he
left you did my point is like clearly
it's fake oh yeah but it's super fake
like I don't think anyone thought it was
real I don't think I left it I think
you're just hearing something that
sounded or maybe my acting didn't match
up that well razor okay I didn't land us
for a second
Yaroslav SlOO SlOO CR says the beginning
is so racist and that is the dumbest
thing I've ever heard
it is not racist that is the dumbest a
phone call when you have a Finkle don't
be racist there you go no good thing
being race sucks this is the last one
this is a bad boy blogger that Boyd
vlogger says you kill ever intro you do
that one was the best so far nobody
could beat that intro 3x raging points
that was the only punctuation as they
switch points I like that thank you bad
Boyd thank you dude that intro rule and
this week's should we good - I don't
think what I don't know if we'll ever
beat that one well we've said this
before maybe I know but I really like
that one so uh right we have one more to
film for October in it yeah we we have a
chance I don't know you have it I had an
idea it's a Miller one right either way
okay thank you guys for watching um I
will be back tomorrow with another video
and then another where else Wednesday
the day after that so tune in I do daily
videos here so hit the subscribe button
to see more from me and have a good day
see you guys - ro lighter are you going
: you're darn right I'm having Chipotle
JP is the bonus clip what's up Hey look
I'm gonna show them what you did
look what you did it's beautiful that
guy's pretty cool too what do you think
Brian oh there you are
