scare you here yeah YouTube what time is
it bright name's Thomas King it is can
we shredded time we can't read and the
proper way to start a can we shred it is
go to Goodwill of course we're gonna go
to Goodwill it's unfortunate that's not
Wednesday because everything we have all
of those Tuesday no Wednesday is a magic
day we can we just get we buy like
Thomas presents we can buy Thomas's mom
presents but either way we're taking you
with us for the ride we're gonna find
something weird to skate it's gonna be a
good time these guys right here got like
a little Rio de Janeiro statue going on
here that's weird that's very weird but
let's leave come on
I'll see are you drunk again oh no
you're gonna drive oh I got a drive
because I don't have any room bike
alright catch the camera every time why
does he do that
I always catch I wish ketchup
dear daddy your eyes remind me of the
evening sky my heart felt like broken
glass until I saw
nailed it well how you play what
generations though people think it out
here who thinks elders we're if you like
to be you and be web first ever victory
those name daddy you better get with
this guy as him tables injures gonna be
a seal we are here at Goodwill this is a
song about the hood we'll win for guys
approach goodwill that day everything
changed
you're wearing that in and Brian needs a
sweater or a pair of jeans there's a sim
Taber statue a sweet ask if Brian is it
bad that I really want to do this
cadence how many how many Trixie think
we could do on that one here maybe if
you just actually hit him in the face
right there another made this whole
video better no offense Brian I feel
like you know that though I do okay this
is hit say I can't get off no I used to
want to power wheel so bad we're on the
kid not a Mustang just in the old power
will I never had one either dude
Steven did you have one I'm looking for
a ladder we'll do that I mean clearly
that's the one we're gonna do I wish I
could drive it up to the front
but guitar technolon destroyed this
because who doesn't want a power wheel
at stragglers you're gonna break it
right now aren't you I think you're
better yours are you just hit your back
dumb bike comes it always managed a bit
no this is gotta go
people do this whole time so you go to
Goodwill and you're excited you're like
oh I'm getting a Hot Wheel car and then
the sticker is one of those stickers
that just state its stay in there that
sucks I was a kid and I'm psyched on
this I'd be bummed on that wow that
really worked appellate goes on a
mountain call you eagle here we go look
who we got behind you it's not J Lo's in
the house a lo Steven Steve he's gonna
sing
dianna Klein alright so this is it this
is the Ford Mustang can we shred it
first we're gonna play it safe we're
just gonna do some tricks over it then
we will actually skate this hopefully we
don't destroy it too much because we
want this thing to work we're gonna see
if it actually works at all right now
and if it doesn't I don't really care
about it goodwill will sell you no
offense of goodwill but they will sell
you something that work doesn't gasps I
don't know how to tie him in the eye I'm
hitting the gas doesn't work it's not
even clicking so tricks over it will
skate it on flat afterwards we were
gonna just using your grinds and slides
on it hopefully won't destroy it too
much minutes me a lot of fun first all
right now
strange not warming up and just skating
over a car
gotta get that gotta get that you know
what's a song
hop to
the back the flip over a Mustang
so that really wasn't actually shredding
at all ready ready action
I'm ready shred try to shred it I don't
know what's gonna go down I think it's
gonna fall in that's for sure what Paul
do you think this is from like what year
leaves dough doesn't I'm saying 2006
spoiler alert he's done I mean that just
spoil your appetite did I boil my skin
eggs we shredded it way more than I
thought we were going to like I knew
we're gonna all weigh it but then all
the other stuff I don't know how is
gonna work I can say I back with the
Mustang okay whatever you guys did you
could claim that I think you guys for
watching we do this series like once
every weeks two weeks so we'll be back
with another one and tune in if you want
see daily videos hit the subscribe
button but this guy has been skating
weird stuff with me for a long time so
that card right up there that popped up
around his head click on that check out
his channel it is really funny witty
unique YouTube videos so check please it
has X please don't go watch your time
lapse video that you just did be kind
notes numbers in crazy it's not motion
Wow putting a skateboard that's really
good oh you're so much less gross but
they guess watching we will see you
tomorrow peace be unto thee out peace be
unto the out like when you say that word
amen hey that was weird right yeah
that's definitely bonus clip banning it
