YouTube what is up guys it is another
vlogger so I think it's been like a week
since I've done one and I'm back home
now
and I'm at the Shred course this is
going to be a very fun episode because
I'm going to deck this whole place out
in Halloween decorations with my little
dude and it's gonna be fun so tune in
first I'm gonna cut to a couple
unboxings I did just the other day just
to say thanks and show you guys what I
got and then we're gonna cut back to
this day in a second so check this out
and I'll see you in a I just I don't
even know how to talk about check the
unboxings out if you ever wanted to know
what a tired four-year-old looks like
then look no farther here he is ridin
ridin are we ready first I'm gonna need
my keys right I'm gonna stab it and then
you pull it across it okay bud pull pull
well what we have in there yeah who are
these shoes for alright nobody gets
issues I get these shoes alright and
look what we got first thing what do we
got hey how about throw up throw them up
there we go what is this ooh whoa these
are huge look at these stickers these
are stickers right in is this the
biggest thicker you've seen your life
yeah this is awesome actually I got the
same shoes because I've been skating
some different types of shoes and they
finally finally finally got Swift's back
in oh my gosh I'm so happy oh you took
him out of it then don't throw them
everywhere oh serious this is the
greatest skate shoe that has ever ever
ever existed
black Swift's I think I got three pairs
oh oh my gosh I hope these lasts as long
as possible
you didn't take all of those out did you
yeah okay good just one pack that's good
I want to say from the bottom my heart
Kelly Hart thank your face okay and
everybody want if anybody's on Kelly
hearts Instagram anytime soon say Andy
thanks your face
okay he's you feel like what does he
talk what are people talking about you
just hit a shoe bottle flip I wanna do
one too
I didn't do it ridings better at that
than me oh man I got a kid and he's
falling if you guys want a pair of vest
shoes check your local skate shop if
they don't have it ask them to carry it
if you don't have a local skate shop I
have an online skate shop to share
quarters are common we carry them and
they're great shoes skater ran skate
around I back these guys 1% I know you
guys have seen me and unboxing a lot of
s shoes in my day but this one is
different okay and this is for riding
Anna kids leave what how would this be a
trampoline
no it's untrue believe it literally came
with a box inside my keys again hayride
who do I love ones most important thing
about light Wow brainwashing my child
with that which I'm okay with don't does
a done done in a bookmark this is kid
crazy and the kilowatt King okay you
guys know I'm a huge fan of cocaine
cambria this is a kids book by Claudio
Sanchez the lead singer I'm not gonna
talk too much more about this I'm just
saying that I'm really excited about
this if you are a parent with little
dude or younger do that just likes you
know comic books and adventure and hero
stuff
check it out up with a link right down
there kid crazy in the kilowatt King
here's the back of it here's the front
of it here's the side of it here it is
out of the frame here it is still out of
the frame
right there look at that I don't know
how big it is I probably the small size
firm oh it's a five six this fits you
right now you wanna put it on take that
shirt off boy put your shirt on run put
your shirt on
look at you that is sweet dude and you
can run faster
and done pretty psyched on all of this I
haven't read it yet but I like to think
that it's like a kid graphic novel put
new pages that's what it looks like
um I gonna read this to you tonight I
think I am I want to unbox these into
videos so I will continue on it's gonna
keep going okay life is gonna keep going
thank us shoes and I'm super psyched for
kid crazy in the key locking piece until
the next clip all right what up hope you
guys like done box things but now Bryan
Ames sit down on this bangle pad next
time man your pet is a power slide pad
or I do you like this me at this power
slide pad I've been wanting to have this
for literally years here so that item
I'm glad we finally have you oh it's
just like look so easy for me whoa
first try is that way harder yeah how
did you do that dude all things new
gonna happen first drivers
Oh Brian took you like 10% of the time
dude you are really gonna do this Brian
that's amazing
Brian asked me to do a little bit of wax
and I was like I don't know what a
little bit is in this because I don't
wax powerslide table things next rod did
that happen
and back super-good how good do you feel
all right so I am done here I'm gonna go
pick up my little guy from preschool
we're gonna go home and then we're
ventually gonna get to some Halloween
stores and then we're gonna come right
back here and decorate this place this
place for Halloween or so it should be a
pretty epic haunted skate park let's do
this
Oh
we're home and you're eating my hand
oh wow okay don't bite don't you like
actually started to bite me bagel bagel
all right
bagels not listening so maybe you will
what are we doing tonight I'm decorating
the oil hell yes
shred quarters is going to get Halloween
down we're going to stop by the
Halloween store and we're going to stop
by Target and then we're gonna go oh
shoot and before I forget we totally did
a new video on turbo toy time
Brad and I toy channel unboxing some
Captain America and Iron Man nerf guns
the link is right the link is right here
the card is right there so you can click
that and head over to it or it's right
down the info it's a lot of fun doing
these videos so definitely check that
out
and hit the subscribe button if you want
to see more in the world of ridin and I
and toys that's it let's go do a
somersault in celebration for us leaving
okay on that just jump up and down
alright let's go we're psyched we are
psyched let's go swinging scarecrow
you ready to go let's go
all right we're here at the Halloween
store funny I don't think we should go
inside maybe we should just go shopping
for socks okay how about some scary
stuff okay let's do that right or do any
of these look like
all right we just got a bunch of stuff
at that place now we're having a target
to get some more I want to get a bunch
of Jack O'Lantern so hopefully they have
a bunch of cool creepy plastic
jack-o'-lanterns target uh well I guess
we need one we're almost at the
Halloween section show me your Halloween
pace I was scary I found some
jack-o'-lanterns there look at the big
ones here we get one of the big ones is
it heavy okay so we are getting a ton of
stuff and comically enough this is the
best way for this dude and there's the
skeleton right I think we can cure this
dude I'm gonna look really funny pushing
this cart artac we are locked and loaded
we got a ton of stuff didn't we ridin
didn't we skeleton dude yep it ridings
calling him his brother the skeletons
your brother
alright let's go to straight quarters
alright son
I'm a shark roars I'm gonna back up my
car into sure I've got enough stuff that
I might as well put my car in here
you know wake up bump you're not you're
not gonna help me with this anymore
we're here
you tired we got some fences
we got a coffin that comes in up round
bag we got a four year old sleeping on a
skate box
but man we hit the jackpot so last year
we went and bought a bunch of stuff on
clearance and I didn't remember how much
we bought but we got some good stuff you
want to help me out by taking all these
skeleton pieces over to the stairs we're
just gonna lay them on the stairs like a
bunch of skeletons have been sitting
there for years oh that sounds fun
all right so I'm thinking along this
whole wall I'm gonna put gravestones
that's good keep putting those bones
there okay Oh ridings making this happen
here's my first gravestone Wow good you
think so
I think we put the Monet I do yeah we
will that is on there really solid dad
we'll make an offense yeah you like it
or it's gonna be cool with the graveyard
here here's the coffin we're gonna make
this happen
wait you want a skeleton that's pretty
good idea right put him in it's a little
big form isn't it is this a good spot
for it is he okay are you shake my hand
Reggie how are you doing okay okay oh
you took my hand off and put it on the
stairs
you got a skeleton graphic on much
that's right well yeah now I do
someone's getting tickled someone's
getting tickled I'll put this one on the
wall and then I realized I said Yolo not
happening anymore
no offense if you say it or anything
just not for me but this one this one
rules we got a big boy coming in all
right look at that that's like an
awesome buddy it is going to be so cool
skating over all these bones are you
gonna do it like a king flip over a ball
I can't do it you get kickflip
you'll get there buddy let's take these
over the pumpkin patch the three stare
but that is a fashionable way of moving
pumpkins
okay so unfortunately we are out of time
but we got a good chunk done skeletons
on the stairs look awesome I'm really
psyched on the graveyard and we do have
the little pumpkin patch kind of
happening right but I'll have to come
back a different day to hang the
swinging scarecrow and do a bunch of
other cool stuff so watch over in future
videos for the entire polished shred
quarters I don't have a lot of time in
my life so it's kind of hard to do
things like this but we gotta get dinner
so I'm going to do a couple skate tricks
over the creepy stuff and then we're
going to get out of here I'm going to do
I'll do a trick next to each what do you
want me to do over by the stairs I get
Ollie over
I can't Ollie up it that'd be a very
tough
scared
but you feel not so good thank you
it's over here we're totally gonna get
bry names here's the good little one
all right here you get do the honors
let's go to Brian's office nope
he wouldn't let us do it if he was in
here all right put it fit there he's
gonna love this writin he's gonna love
it yeah do you think he's gonna love it
no so there you guys go thank you for
hanging out with us while we build phase
one at least of our haunted skate park
did you have fun thank you for doing it
with me
yeah you're a helper oh you're
high-fiving me you are high-five watch
out for the future where we have this
completed but I'll see you guys tomorrow
cause our two daily videos and ridin
come here hey all right
I love you there we go all right don't
still don't bite me you fell
are you okay okay
good again
you
you
