this week's inter - where else Wednesday
we're gonna prank Brian with some party
poppers you wanna make Brian think he's
coming out the door for one thing and
then attack them apart well then here's
your party popper go face right here no
warehouse Wednesday it sucks that it's
like a cold day and you can't tell what
happened because I confetti flew in the
air but it's so bright outside
you know what gauge is going today gauge
is going yeah yeah you're so far away
dude oh you're gonna be maybe it's
giving some more things gauge is going
today gauge is gonna be doing warm-up
tricks or tricks are involve a mini-ramp
a set of stairs and a manual pad I can't
do any manual Tracy's gonna do four
tricks apparently 4x4 warm-up strikes
one on each of those off yes
boy stairs what do you have your mini
ring I'm skipping her hot so I told you
how do you really were a mini ramp a
mini ramp and manual pad okay four
tricks and then mr. challenge and then
you're gonna have ten minutes here has
to do three tricks on the hole no no no
no three tricks on the rail one trick
you could to the first two can be
whatever he wants we just really alright
what happened was gage said that the
back tail the whole thing would be easy
and I'm calling him out okay and I also
taught him didn't teach him at all he
knew but he said he couldn't do pants
today and he's gonna people the whole
rail that's gonna be one case with one
trick whatever yep feeble whole rail
back tail the whole rail yep geez how
much money you got this this right
thirty Fowler you know if you do it we
got a little party pack we're gonna give
you a little bag of goodies if not
you're gonna you're going to take your
pants your pants your socks and
everything you're gonna walk straight to
get this straight just gonna watch
acrossed seriously yeah if you don't do
it that's what that's the best one if
you're not
can I skip these no yeah I gotta see
what's going alright here we go
I've been practicing are you really you
really can skip that was hatched meri
please display of the skip you so you
just learn how to feed with it I just
learn how people may feel with it
dude he did a 180 he did a barley ground
the whole thing he almost live our home
is just no scrape a little bit but he's
lit landed it and then and then he told
me that a lipslide to be way harder and
crazier don't that's what I would say
primetime do you think this or else Rose
is gonna go succesful no you don't I
don't at all I think it will I think you
got this which which optical we got huh
both stairs manual pad or mini ramp
which one first manual pad I want to get
it out of them all right right here you
can just adjust that not to drop it's
just the normal me he says that he can't
do any he this is the feeble of manuals
right now he said I couldn't do any
manual so then he's gonna go do a manual
no I I know maybe fight he really he is
full of socks
he did a really good he did you're
eating a Twinkie yeah I haven't had one
since I was like five it tastes exactly
like pants tasting when you're five you
know that yeah yeah he's recommending I
put warm coffee in it into a cold cup
it's just black coffee really you see
what he just did I thought that's how it
look but you ruined that much coffee how
can I get off the ground
how dare you where are you going next
view that footage I don't think I did
we're not laughing alright where do you
boy good work you want to go Minnie
Minnie all right one trick do or die
live to see another sky
what do you only want to well I don't
know what trick should I do I don't know
maybe hardflip nose pick hard go back in
he's doing a big flip disaster
cool to warm up
he's better that's trick I'll never do
besides ribcage inside of the ramp so
happy about this reaction my cell
biggest baby city priest hug you okay
I'm okay thank you
that is what you get for just ruining
people's coffee all right so uh hubba or
stairs how about he wants to get this up
ahead here we are at the hubba down the
five stair what do you got for us gauge
the Skip Smith
I don't decide these tricks you decide
it all right we'll do a back Smith board
back noseblunt back nose
you-you'd okay that's a joke no one
warms up with a back nose one I want to
do it I think you've got five tries if I
had five tries you get old you how will
you reward you totally get an extra 20
bucks and the be gift bag
Oh what if you do this within five tries
you get an extra five dollars just
making up rules I hope he has a name on
a skateboard one day
he tries two more tries for five bucks
well you can still do it I would still
like to see you do it I want to do it I
want you to do it
you got pretty kruger on a man that's
sweet
I've never seen do that he did it I
could have made him do that for the
actual challenge that's gonna be better
than the back tail no way I'll back to
him that whole thing warm-up is so big
it's so for over my camera like you
barely see him oh so good weight back to
180 - that was amazing and first try
you literally backside flip out of the
view of my camera backside heelflip
flavors while I get to get to get the
people in oh it's mr. coach mystery
challenge time
what was your okay to get dizzy right
you're okay to get dizzy right good I am
NOT into wasting stuff but these
skateboards are really not safe for
people to skate I suck
yeah they're very bad and we are going
to make you super dizzy and then you're
gonna have to walk forward and you get
three tries to stop this I'm talking
very dizzy you guys are gonna spin him
okay I throw up when I get dizzy
sometimes oh well okay they are you
willing to are you willing I don't know
why I have faith that you're gonna make
him dizzy right yeah Brian just put up
there and you got to quickly get there
okay do not fall and hurt yourself are
you nervous right now no man I got
that's not ready all right you guys got
the worst office chair already - we
should just made him spin in circles oh
wow oh wow is it terrible it's pretty
bad
Oh super-easy father almost Paul
he almost fell back in stage are you
dizzy right now I'm still didn't can you
stomp that detail congratulations you
can that was a target state by the way
it has the worst keeper in the world now
what you wanted to see his his people
yeah you've got 10 minutes bra Oh gauge
what's your lucky number 7 - 7 second
he's getting 10 minutes and 9 seconds
doesn't make sense at all whatever you
go he goes
see this Pelican is back on the corner
are you okay
they did it to fake accounts fake
accounts harder Viki is way harder and
people grind took a minute and 15
seconds so you can either do back towel
or you can do whatever your dreams your
dreams apply it's just one trick doesn't
have to be on the whole thing you got
like one freebie Wow are you once I'm
wax well that's your hand
let's not wax he really told me that
this was gonna be easy
he was like oh no problem it will be
easy he's gonna like on a scale from one
to ten dude like at least the setup yeah
how do you think Ashley just walk out of
it
I saw I would just die
by this much do you mean a third of it
good 2/3 300 that is what I'm talking
about
six minutes and 20 seconds six minutes
and 20 seconds are you why are you so
calm
is that there's any emotion that thank
you thank you for screaming yeah my
heart my heart screamed but 5 and 1/2
minutes
no siree
do you need a breather now I need to
just do it
exactly
oh my god
that was that was it dude is 30 seconds
30 seconds
you have one more trick yeah boy
you really want him to lose it in you I
thought I really thought he was going to
he all it out a little early but I'm
gonna I'm getting I'm saying that's good
I'm gonna get better better that's 12
congratulations your I think I feel like
everywhere else Wednesday ends on the
buzzer will you come back and we're
gonna give you an extremely hard one
that you will fail and you'll walk
through that puddle down all right now
maybe I'll get a surprise that's yours
I'm afraid to look in there why hi yeah
you missed the first thing in there Oh
20 bucks 20 bucks 20 bucks and $25 for
the coffee you redeemed yourself now I
feel bad about now yeah I really
shouldn't have broke my coffee over
there that was that was not nicely you
feel terrible I'm see see the irony that
I got you coffee but then you broke mine
did you want a bag of coffee take this
dude for crushing this warehouse
Wednesday he's on three bucks
skateboards and you're gonna see him a
lot more of my videos but you if you
want to check him out on Instagram he's
quite the talented dude I'll put his
Instagram write down the info what about
my playstation you will do you want that
you want that on the internet say it's i
underscore heart HAART underscore dairy
de rry like the town dairy like the town
dairy the fictional town dairy right
doesn't actually exist I think they knew
how to spell heart I'm just saying I
hope they do well it's like it could be
har I think you guys for watching this
video I hope you enjoyed it we do these
every Wednesday but I do videos all the
time so if you want to see more from me
hit the subscribe button right below the
video and you'll be signed out of
Seymour and that is it hope you guys
have a great day go skateboard if you
can if you can't that sucks
just hated skating rules you'll figure
out something though
fuck it is so bad you guys didn't go
first try it you go like this and just
slips off I'm terrible
