YouTube what's up guys come on get out
get out of my video get out of my
channel get out get out hey you gotta
fix it never gonna fix it
get out YouTube what is up guys I was
just joking with Casey I liked him I
didn't want him to do this video for me
but but I like him and he's welcome to
be my intro whenever he wants aside from
the time that I don't want to do beat
but it is update video time I'm going to
talk about life I'm gonna talk about my
companies and if you'd like to listen to
hang out with me if not I would suggest
doing something you want to do because
that is what life is all about enjoying
it okay so don't don't be doing things
you just don't enjoy doing because
that's pointless that's it you have to
do some things you don't want to do this
is sort of all confusing this video but
what is my life been up to it's been
interesting it's always interesting it's
been crazy cuz I went to Disney last
week which that was awesome ridin was a
little bit of a handful at some times I
think it was like just like a lot to
deal with he was like just psyched
walking around all day so uh he had his
ups and downs but he had a blast and I
had a blast watching him have a blast
but when I'm gone for a week I never
take week-long trips work is interesting
okay I had to work like a hundred and
ten hours the week before to try to prep
for being in Disney and not working much
and then when I get back
I've got to work about a hundred ten
hours this week to try to make up for
the week I didn't work it's it's all
sort of so it's like three weeks of my
life is pretty crazy because I went to
Disney for one week if that makes sense
and I also did something insanely
impressive I managed to gain ten pounds
in one week at Disney I walked around
the whole time but man they feed you we
hit like a meal plan or they're like all
right you know you prepay your meals you
just go to your places get them whatnot
but Disney feels the need to give you
dessert every single time I don't think
I'm feeling a salad to start with
instead of a dessert they're like no eat
chocolate right now or cheesecake my
gosh they had a lot of cheesecakes what
cheesecake is always awesome so yeah I
gained 10 pounds I have been dieting
since getting back from Disney and I
have destroyed a lot of those pounds so
far but my gosh I'm gonna come to keep
at this K I've been eating right the
last few days so I'm gonna be strong I'm
gonna be like Batman who is strong it
was right yeah that's not a bad end but
with the end of the year my life just
gets kind of crazy because like those
red quarters and the companies
everything I got going on it gets super
busy when you throw take over the world
in with this mix like I'm trying to wrap
up the full-length video and it's just
not easy at all so the next few months
are gonna be all over the place but
you'll sue me
daily videos for me so I hang out and
watch the interestingness unfold okay
this is an origami this is an anti
origami from here on out to the end of
the year I don't know how I come up with
this these things in my brain okay so
you thought I was impressive for gating
ten pounds or less I don't know what lol
you thought it was something but you
know what also I did I did something
equally slap yourself in the freaking
forehead impressive last night I was
like man you know what I ate a little
bit too much dinner I'm gonna go skate
again this is my second time skating
during that during yesterday I was like
I want to get some exercise so get
exercise sometimes I'll just do flip
tricks because flip tricks back to back
to back is it work out okay if you want
to get a workout just do as many keep
those as you can
I got 298 kick flips and I missed the 99
how do you do that how like I did I was
I was like alright when I got to like
the 97 thought I was like I got this
just three more and I did the kickflip
and I was like cool and then the 99 and
I don't know what I was thinking I don't
know my feet were doing but just I
landed on it upside down and I was like
I didn't believe it I was like what I
was like I really wanted to be like I
did a hundred kid was a row last night
oh my gosh so I'm gonna do it one time
I'm not gonna film it I'm not trying to
prove this to anybody because it would
be super boring clip if I did it so if
you're having a bad day okay at least
you didn't miss your 99th kickflip oh my
gosh Andy on more exciting news you guys
have probably noticed have been watching
my videos recently I launched another
channel with my little dude it's awesome
it's a lot of fun it's like a breath of
fresh air it's like the same type of
videos that I've been doing with riding
on my channel but I made a video a
channel called turbo toy time just
focused on ridin and I playing with toys
we we build on we unbox some you play
with them it's just a lot of fun riding
loves doing it we do two videos a week
right now I don't know if I'm gonna do
more than that because as much as riding
does like making the videos like I
wanted to actually like have a life off
camera and like you know we're really
good about that I don't know if it seems
like he's in a lot of videos but from
like 4 o'clock to 9 it's always
father-son time and we film probably
like once or twice a week we felt more
than that it's just like little tidbits
what is awesome turbo toy time it's
right up there click that car if you
want to see see the channel subscribe I
appreciate all of the love and support
you guys are showing it and then it's
right down the info also if you just
want to click then go over to it we have
fun with them we actually had a recap of
the Disney trip
one of the more recent ones I think we
went up on Tuesday it's probably the
more recent video on there right now so
check it out what is happening with the
companies is uh you know we're pretty
much just trying to get to Black Friday
is when we launch our fall stuff and
that's a lot we've almost got everything
ordered things are coming in I know
shoes restock so if you need shoes on
the Shred course comm we have a tons of
s and America you'll be able to get you
something or you know of course
throughout the holidays we'll have all
these shoes too but right now I would
like shoes on my feet so they're there
for you but then yeah revive like I said
I'm like we're going to film the intro
to take over the world in California
next month so when that gets done I'll
be have a lot of stress off I'm gonna
try to aim for a where we aren't revenge
to be released on Christmas Day that's
my goal and then what else I got going
on I don't know then the winter graphics
are really cool so I'm really excited to
show this to you when I finally can hey
Brian I did say winter whatever winter
release Brian Ames is a dumb dumb you go
back to your life oh my god with force
like I said like pre much same thing is
revived except we don't have the stress
of making a video right now I do plan on
making the force video eventually but
I'm gonna get take over the world out
and let that happen take over the world
you I come out the first half of next
year probably in the spring sometime
like it the way you want to wait till
June or anything but it's it is
happening we're getting everything
pulled together but I'm definitely not
gonna release something that I don't
it's not ready to be released but for us
I may drop some online video part Sam I
talked to the writers and we have so
many talented dudes on force I have some
guys that I have a lot of footage that
are willing to drop a video part online
on my channel so tune in for that
stay stay tuned for that is what I meant
to say and the new company my gosh the
team is ready to go on the new company I
just want to say the people that are on
the new company I just want to thank
them so much for being the most patient
individuals ever we're looking to launch
in like January so we're gonna do some
like real playlng a heavily over the
next few weeks and you'll get some more
info on that towards the end of the year
but the other look at it is happening
some awesome dudes are involved with it
and I'm excited look at this face in a
movie era time but I like movies I like
to talk about them um there's a couple
of movies coming up that I care about
okay I haven't actually had time to see
a movie recently I haven't seen Suicide
Squad so haven't seen it at all actually
I didn't see the theaters we have dr.
strange okay dr. strange
coming out in some Marvel movie so I
know it's gonna be good but it looks
like I don't know how I feel about or
watch a trailer and I'm like deep down
I'm excited about it but on the surface
I'm kind of confused I don't know but
I'm gonna watch it and it's good it's
gonna be entertaining in some fashion I
believe and then of course we have road
one which when I heard they were making
a like a side story of Star Wars I was
like no and then I heard the premise and
I was like alright that's actually kind
of cool so uh that's awesome excited for
those two movies video games I haven't
been able to leave any games other than
the Chrono Trigger on my 3ds for a very
long time so I'm not gonna talk about
other no charter and that's a good game
I can go from a normal guy join inja
like that it is embarrassing story time
guys yes it is it's time where I talk
about a moment of my life that was weird
alright and I was at the Reds game
alright it was like the one time I went
to Reds game in high school and I we
were getting food we actually hadn't
gotten food but I was in line to get
food because I want to put it inside my
face
gosh you want to do that right now
actually besides the point and somehow
my girlfriend the time disappeared like
she was just she was by my side and then
she ran off I forgot what she was she
was like saw some eyes she knew or
someone I think that was it but either
way she wasn't there and then the girl
that was like kind of like dag go in
front of me in the line just so happened
to look a lot like my girlfriend alright
it was weird like the same they're like
the same outfits okay it's like when you
see those yoga pants Han Solo chicks in
the fall everyone in the fall everyone
dresses like Han Solo it's like that
picture like that makes sense to
somebody I promise I'm looking around
like oh there she is so I walk over and
like I did my throw my arm around her
and I give her one of those like it
wasn't violent like this okay I'm just
kind of like hugging her like a firm hug
come on get over here babe
I didn't say that bit of amazing if I
did but it didn't but I like you know
it's one of those hugs that you knew
this person knows you and they care
about you and I didn't actually know her
it was somebody else's girlfriend and
that was weird
okay because he turned round like
looking at me and then she like I think
she might have thought it was him too
but it was a very like it was a Triforce
of confusion and I had to be like oh my
gosh I hadn't explained it but it took
me a second to explain it because I just
couldn't talk oh I was like kinda like
right now I was like I know what to
think right now but I was like dude
sorry and then she eventually came back
and we laughed that they looked the same
at least from the back oh my gosh it was
embarrassing it was super weird and I
totally had some deluxe nachos after
that and that was the important part of
the story oh my gosh how I eat those
right now any three of them but there's
my story guys I totally grabbed another
girl guys girlfriend I grabbed her
pulled her over to me gave her a little
one-arm man
you know I just I don't know why this is
like a man I don't see many girls going
the only like that you know I'm gonna
stop with this whole segment that is it
that is my update video guys I hope you
guys enjoyed me rambling on and on and
talked about my embarrassments in life I
have an unlimited supply of
embarrassments I swear
but videos to come we have a new can't
we shred it tomorrow and it probably
will be the best one so far I mean like
we've had fun doing this series but it
is a good one and then I got a variety
of other videos but uh I'm working hard
hope you guys are entertained thank you
guys for watching and that is it I'm
gonna I'm gonna do a bottle flip onto my
head right now so terrifying please that
was all closed I'm just gonna go shoot a
light here awkward lingo
YouTube what is up guys in mu what is
this
alright like ninja chopping like here is
a word
it's actually my pants notice what we
got some cool moves coming out okay and
you if you heard how I said you're cool
I was like have you ever had caffeine
because I have
