we're not doing that guys today we got
something new handed to me Casey this
sounds good paper toss we're doing
ultimate paper toss trick shots we're
gonna get our skateboards we're not
calling to do a little bit of combo both
we got the master flipper right here so
he's probably too good at this we got
Casey his name is Casey so he's first
try yeah let's it all in the tourney
yeah well you look now that messed it
all up
and you still failed but we're gonna
have fun with this okay because everyone
grew up
throw-in wads of paper into the
wastebasket at school so uh this is what
we do with our lives we've grown up to
do the same thing
are you ready first one first one oh I
put a little bit of duct tape to hold
together so we're not kind of screwing
up the whole time and having to read you
our paper wads hey this isn't science
class this is real life we can do better
than booyah let's do it here yeah yeah
that's what I did
racking your up have one have to ollie
up this gap and we'll put it over there
cool
ah oh I missed I totally thought he did
it
Oh ha ha I hope you got that what you
didn't see on camera was take Casey
nailing me in the head with that
the best thing ever
what'd he do he just rolled off that
stage oh he fells he totally fell I'm
doing the kickflip
everything about that was bad I don't
know where to look
do I have no idea where to look what I
just said hit me in the face oh yeah
that was so hard you're right there look
good
he's nice furniture I'm really excited
Oh Casey Spacey dude
here's your paper pokeball
dude my hair got in the way Brad key can
you do it hairless yeah my hair wasn't
that shot you want to it again I'll get
a good shot like right here oh that was
good Wow your face your face oh he's so
close for water you were scared
I thought you actually he's gonna throw
the tire up get it with my face he's
gonna throw the tire up and I'm gonna go
through the tire like so throw it and
I'm gonna get it into the trash II made
it in the tire
I did I'm the guy high-fiving Sophie
almost supercycle gonna go fill up that
and then the batwing on that you think
that's gonna happen I think that Casey
are you doing I bought it I'm afraid of
you guys Brackins doing the three flip
that was like a late throat
did you in bracken call each other I was
like hey man he had dark gray shirt okay
me too no oh my gosh you put my kickflip
to shame dude
trashcan flip please do a trashcan flip
no I'm certain I like that I think I
can't even tip it over
all right so Casey's throwing it from
over there outside of the door into here
look he's still look so little over
there yeah all right Casey now we're up
in the ante that was good bit up the
ante high-five yourself but now we're
helping the ante
give it a first try dude I don't know if
I got it as well as I couldn't have it
that way Oh office budget
I could have filmed that so much better
but that was awesome Casey all right all
right what's your final final victory if
you did on that first try
I would rescind up for MySpace
they'll get one oh dude you're a freak
they're going for the ender we're going
long I'm talking all the way in that
trashcan okay here I'm having kick okay
remember the ramp why would you do that
it's eating me oh I thought you punched
it but I think me hitting the lens was
way more impressive the actual shot
sounds good right Bracken okay see thank
you guys for doing this so that was a
fun new idea actually not a new idea if
you've been doing this since school
existence so you guys dug this give us
video a thumbs up and let me know in the
comments and I was think about doing a
game of paper toss with one of these
dudes I don't know so uh hope you guys
liked it these guys channels are right
down below and you guys are checking
both out this guy is like dominating
YouTube with bottle flips this guy's
dominating it life he's wearing
underwear right now totally I'm a Norse
hit the subscribe button we want to see
more for me but these dudes these dudes
off the chest
all right we're back on hurt yeah you
made it gross I shouldn't do that
because remember we were doing the big
jug yeah it like ruin my can't really
race three clips and turn it off and it
couldn't turn it back on for like 30
seconds I did quit to go in the head it
hurts you're right yeah but that's like
this is why this is this is why like
cavemen died is because of things like
this yeah whatever
by falling bear hunting it's t5 eyes
they should do though Smashing Pumpkins
despite all my rage I am still just wow
I slapped his hand right again are you a
little bit yeah that hurt me they like
broke my fingers don't cover
