left-handed double bottom flip right
here haha I did it
I've got to check the footage of that to
me what is this
what do you I
thank God totally kidding warehouse
Wednesday it's October and there are a
lot of fun I like these these are so
much fun we got two more two more two
more and it's gonna be hard outdoors
yeah weeks was like a sequel one because
we did it kind of a little different
twist to it what Casey's chasing a frog
or something you got a frog catching a
butterfly okay get Gleave the butterfly
and get where you're supposed to be
don't you know how this works best case
scenario if you get that butterfly your
life goes on the same Casey do you suck
some things yeah I getting butterflies
yeah getting butterflies you do watching
Man of Steel you suck for watching Man
of Steel he gave me he let me borrow a
year and after a year ago you haven't
washed it that would've been super good
I thought you did alright anyways we're
gonna make you test your skateboarding
abilities this week before that here
we're gonna test you on your bottling
abilities which I have no idea if
they're good or bad but anyways you're
gonna have to do five bottle flips and
he's gonna tell you which ones to do me
the running guy from the intro that's
you after that your new ten pop
shove-its just ten pops yeah that's
finally you're in a ten minutes you're
gonna skate over some items off of the
kicker you havin to do five different
tricks and ten minutes will let you know
exactly what that's all good involved
and if you do it I have no idea what
happens you get will tell you the prize
later but it's a good price but because
the prize it's not really a big surprise
but it is a prize for you Wow anything
doesn't do it uh if he doesn't do it you
have to buy us what you get what you
would have gotten oh it'll be a
punishment don't worry but it'll be fun
so let's go in there and test your
bottle flip abilities I think I've
always liked ten like things oh five ten
five okay which equals twenty how you
doing I'm good how are you I'm doing
great thank you for asking
good how was your trip it was a decent
so all that ridiculous running got me a
pair of ripped jeans had them for like a
week
I suck at pants you you do suck at pants
all right Casey you got your bootstraps
on nope get them on and your first
objective is a triple bottle flip I want
to know not right here alright triple
flip let's hit
that's a good start oh you captain
Skellington though I'll take it you'll
take that pick it all bit alright I mean
it is what you got it is challenge warm
up it's a warm up is your right is it
warm is it warm so Dragon Fire let's see
make sure flip through the bottle
clothes
ow my toe drag of bottle flips oh yeah
it really is up the stairs all the guy
owns ever done that
I'm sure Bracken has I mean if you want
to sit down
that was almost rate number three woo
that took a second all right Casey I
want you to roll by on your skateboard
and bottle flip onto the rail
oh wow
that was so smooth dude that was good
now you slid it you landed it first shot
and you slid it
it wasn't first try don't lie don't lie
to the masses okay
all right we're gonna give it a little
tire flip I'm gonna roll the tire and
you get a bottle flip through it as it
rolls by you okay so just find a spot
and I'll roll the tire by you we're
actually table bracken you want to be
the Rolly that was way too easy it was
good but it was way too easy second try
and for the finale you got to do it up
here okay No
Wow
dude that didn't take you that long at
all like fifth trout yeah girl first I
think the easiest one you did was the
hardest one you did I thought that was
gonna be easy one everything else
would've been a challenge and you just
nailed all the hard ones the easy one
was hard time to pop shuvit my friend
come on pop shuvit do you have a dolphin
as a friend do you have a psychiatrist
that's a turtle and ever you
self-checkout at movie theaters what's
the thing but where is that a thing and
every movie here now little yeah
machines they charged a convenience fee
you pay more they do I use it every time
I use their car - you all suck well yeah
I'm flat yeah
those those were all really good shove
it's $2,000 for our dreamers one cheap
organic vegetables bring them up
yourself as a normal machine will never
just cheating the system what's not and
then tell you if you want cheaper
groceries steal right here we're gonna
need you and your skateboard we're gonna
need one ramp and then you and me come
with me because we got a ton of shoes in
for the upcoming holidays and we're
gonna make KC skate over them without
damaging them good idea
no it's not a good idea but we'll we'll
see how it work pans out hey Brian might
not like the idea I don't know all right
fine do you actually Ollie in there you
know it we'd John vegan ollie if it
doesn't count as a trick Jame didn't
skate over some stuff maybe and all it
was John is like it can be combined into
one John is 18 years old if you can only
buy one thing for the rest of life what
would it be Brian oh dude Lennox Hawks
so starter out with little kickflip
right yeah sure I'll get your
thermometer out oh I get that
what's this what's this there's an kjd
yes you do the record button messed up
you already hit the shoe I'm sorry you
do my record button is the most
sensitive creature in the world
back on back on
oh you just bought Dmitry and Kansas
some shoes
what uh this isn't good condition so
timer yet game is and there was a
sparkle and Ryan chambers I because that
was so perfect
okay cool oh I like that
Dimitri has a axle hole oh look look
there's magic in the air oh look look
there's a dollar bill in there me tree
that was a really good kick from 180 and
back when he from Athens and then front
360 and then back 360 you got mine of
case
you get a horseshoe a charley horse you
gotta put charley horse
those tricks
Mossad bringing back to 180 ever please
she got 250 seconds left he's waging a
war he is he pop shuvit right can you
Indy grab could be so hard hey can your
nose grab so you can do a shove it Oh
chambers hit YouTube with that are you
okay are you okay
that was great when he does the trick it
is it is pretty to look at he's got like
30 seconds left so you thinking in your
two tricks in 30 seconds it's not a pro
180 yeah out over this I've got 14
seconds yeah please yeah we'll have to
bring them back for a revenge episode
three fold it dude all right we will not
make you bot you were going to get a
pair of shoes of your choice we have a
lot of we have a way more visible so you
don't do buy us shoes but Reid you have
to come back in a few weeks to try to
win a pair of shoes in a different
surrounding sorry I suck at front one
eighties only everything else you got it
so you're better at bottle flipping not
that either you're great at pop
shove-its Casey
pretty goodness yeah and you did a
really good one so there you go this guy
has a YouTube channel it's that card
right there click it click right click
it and click it if you want to he has a
lot of awesome content and he's actually
been destroying shrek horrors lately so
if you want to see him doing really good
tricks would you rather kiss Steve Urkel
or eat a pound of chocolate naked in 10
hoodies what
Demitri Kevin Burt and Billy okay
there should be some confused people's
in the world when they get these shoes
but it's Kevin Demetri Hank or Billy
if it goes exactly to them I'll be so
happy we do check in with ruined $10 if
you get these pairs of shoes
everyone's gonna be still in there the
other day there's $1.00 in this one in
the dimitri box so you get excel oh geez
nine right excel g9s are gonna get an
extra dollar a mitri what do you want
what did I do
you
