YouTube what's up guys today Ryan and I
are doing a video right and come here
that Star Wars video get the golf club
buddy how did you get that career we're
doing a golf video aren't we gonna quit
no we're just doing a golf video so yeah
we did father-son golfing earlier in the
year and what'd you do with that golf
club boy don't do not hit the camera and
we did a trickshot in it that would
bounced out so we landed it but it could
have been smoother so we're here to land
that smoother do a few more trick shots
for you guys so it's kind of like
father-son golfing to write read and
you're up first you can do the first
shot floor let's do it so on carpet we
totally should be using the the hard
normal golf ball because it's much
easier but ridin is really excited about
using this styrofoam golf ball that is
so light it's not gonna stay in there oh
and we totally have a wedge we do not
have a putter do we know he had a leg
yeah so we'll make it work though do not
hit anything with that golf club let's
see it
uhh but you landed if you're trying to
hit me in the bud you hit me in the bud
he fell over
hit me in the shin man here catch it's
so light it won't even do the thing that
was good dude is it my turn oh yeah oh
oh I'll try it good
I'll try it come on buddy let's go
upstairs this is like right off the bat
we're trying a really hard one it's down
there and we're gonna put off this
there's a little lip right here so we're
gonna go over that and that should do it
right I think so it'll be hard it's
gonna be very hard I don't know I think
I got this that was awful how many times
good taking tell me yeah I'm feeling it
oh I know I got alright oh darn it Oh
what's up Eugene I got this thanks buddy
that was a great idea alright grab this
cuz it's your turn ok you think you're
gonna do this
yeah I'm feeling scared though you're
scared why are you scared no no not
doing this one we're doing another to
stir up there that's for the finale
buddy now you're less scared right yeah
this should be easy
and there's bagel the cat all right
here's your golf ball sir here's your
golf club what you're gonna do is you're
gonna hit it out of the room down the
stairs and in to this are you up for the
challenge
yeah all right let's see it Oh
you're holding it and aim it you know
hit it right in the direction you want
it to go okay okay all right let's see
it putt-putt master in hope
Oh three five when you land it did I get
you oh did I get you this is the one all
you did
oh that is a good stance okay oh whoa
whoa - good - good five that was awesome
that one took a second did it gonna
watch it yeah alright let's watch it
that was so good it is hot in this house
isn't it you know we need for this next
few shots right we need energy so here
are some power pepperoni taking a break
get some energy pretty good you like it
do you have any idea what I'm gonna do
with this I'm gonna hit it from over
here it is going to hit the Crayola tin
can and then go into the hole okay
watch and see oh I did not have to do
that
that's not a good thing dude I know I am
but when you make a mess you should
clean it up yeah yes yeah that is the
way life works ridin your next shot is
through this tunnel into the hole are
you up for the task are you do it are
you to not do it I put down right there
and just hit it into the tunnel of
something what the other dark tunnel of
terror there you go
so just hit order and that's it dark
tunnel of terror I'll see you right back
into the tunnel of terror watch this
it's gonna go again told you that was
awesome
I'm proud of you thank you I have a
ticket now well you did that like a
champ here you want to see it back since
you landed it there you go
here is the hole you're gonna try to get
this in there are you up for this task
all right let's go to the top of stairs
did it get you
yeah don't touch you buddy now this
one's kind of easy cuz you just hit it
and hopefully it happens right now I'm
gonna feel a one from up here so they
can see what it looks like from up here
not a bad first attempt tomorrow oh my
gosh not that far out oh my gosh uh-oh
you kidding me ah bagel you're messing
with our golf trickshot get off the
stairs my gosh you're fine
oh alright buddy this is it oh my gosh
oh my gosh that was so oh my god oh you
gave it your best didn't you
alright see the sun's going down and
we're not gonna stay here all night and
try it but we will land it one day
perfect it probably won't be another
father-son golf video it'll probably be
we just do that shot so I hope you guys
like the things we actually landed and
thank you guys for watching we do videos
here all the time and we actually
started another channel it's called
turbo toy time can they click right
there and go to it
yeah great stay right up there why not
fail right yeah it's Canada oh it's up
in the corner there click it or is right
down the info we do videos on all things
toys and it's a lot of fun we dance we
bury baby earth don't kill yeah we did
what did you get oh don't don't you guys
can go and find out but it was a lot of
fun it was actually like a montage of us
going to Disney and stuff so check it
out for sure thank guys for watching
this I do videos daily so hit the
subscribe button I'll see you tomorrow
what are you doing can you breathe but
you got to keep breathing
I knew July I need you alive thank you
watching I'm gonna delete the Northmen
or are you gonna nap on my arms yes but
listen you're doing I love you love you
I'd love to tickle you
really all right hey when you never talk
would have been so bad just be boom-boom
boom-boom
would that have been so hard huh I can't
believe we came as close as we did the
first video I didn't right we will get
you one day buddy we will get you yeah
yes we will
yeah buddy you're supposed to at our
side not that same side you're a golf
hole secret agent
