I'm officially ready does America have
talent what a beautiful day let's do it
again go freaking ready
yeah it's heartfelt Brian no go start
again come on gosh this is probably the
dumbest place to learn it but I'm gonna
learn no one's ever done traffic at rush
hour we're trying it but there's no curb
over there sorry
in that second try emotion that it hits
the flip yes you're Helen are you done
it is hit the tape yeah not the wheels
or the truck or anything and usually the
feeling of an oak apply is the
equivalent of me trying to speak Russian
just someone that's trying to speak
Japanese me
dumbest feelings trick that I've ever
got in my life that was an insult to
religions all right no I take away the
quotes he's like savor he's gonna make
them look at me I hope I never do an
okapi over here my life I just talk
trash with no replies so how did you
Oh get that going and land it so good
and that was one radical maneuver look
at his shoes
nicely done Johnny
oh my gosh I can't believe you're
finally here have it have it Thomas
remember that one time we gave you
garlic candy that tastes like dinner I
have one more in my house I don't want
that ever again alright we're late like
a like a liver flavored candies evilly
sucking come on cat home baby
I'm not human liver overly make you fig
dad
I'm gonna make it
Oh
blew your face man like you got phased
right there on your head like God there
is smiling
