so last time I did it can we break this
we did a portable speaker okay which was
quite durable we got the complete
opposite now a Walmart skateboard okay
I'm gonna make this guy's spoiler alert
this will break but we are just going to
see how much we can break it like he
said it's gonna be dust okay I got a lot
Walmart skateboards like the one thing
in life that you have to open up okay
and see if it's like a bag of freaking
gummy worms two ways I wanted it what
we're gonna skate it first we're gonna
try not to break it when we skating I
never anticipated yeah we're gonna try
to skate at first new tricks and then
I'm broken rolling on I know if we break
it skating doesn't matter we're gonna go
tell him it but if it survives the tests
we're dinners you know my skateboard is
versatile you do the first people then
you can do everything foot tv3 my
stomach aches I guess that makes before
breathe against you all right well so
let's see let's open this up what you
needed cool to do right you know what
I'll eat it how would you find out doing
this you can just unscrew it yeah we use
your fingers on the nut why are you
doing the skate stopper right I'm not
long enough if Walmart boards the
product that has a thing to prevent you
from using it Alex getting a pool
there's like so many tools in this
warehouse I get agog like any corner and
there be a tool here not in this side we
cleaned up I'll prove it literally in
the corner cuz you had a skate tool yeah
Oh Barry came out oh yeah a bearing it
says a big one they begged point
two-five it may be better we've loosened
like we're talking I'm mad or anything
the important part is that we take the
plastic off of the skateboard the bad is
also from Walmart but I think Walmart
makes a better bad than a skateboard
like my hands there
you're gonna scratch the graphic bro
thumbs are great aren't they
thumbs I'm gonna I love my thumb exactly
sure you look at your caveman my stance
great right now
you have to do it and dude every time
I'm saying it now because every time
skateboarding I'm so surprised how much
it doesn't roll get it Orel get me to
roll with you or just stand with you
really good I was good now that I have
that make personal one more board but
that was my most solid one it's pretty
good it felt like it feels you're
skating like ice skating
if it breaks it like we're not breaking
yeah what happens dude I played game a
game escapers Doug and they like it'll
break with no watch that was good that
was really good Oh super good right
Oh first try making resistance Ferris
there's my tie right don't break it
success tie before yes it is
oh another first dry I'm gonna go for a
notice out of the box you guys can do
whatever you want
people actually skate Indies that some
people do they for if you have an axe on
the box good
oh wow I did not think I was going to
drive into a grinder slide through the
front and back
it
oh my gosh color the best trick ever
done a Walmart
have you ever skate a Walmart board
you'll know exactly if you've grind it
because it digs in to the plastic
immediately I'm going to try to all of
the three sir okay
insane how much this does not roll right
grandma can run faster than Tamika skate
on this case is up next
Oh that is case is just good on a
Walmart board those out
second you hit the ground you have to
like convince your board to keep going
this is not a smart ID now what to do
this so good it's so good so good laving
bolt you got to land like bend your
knees and just go he did it he did it
stop moving after you stopped right here
yeah that was an action you get we have
to do chip tests first chip test yet yes
right around remember we do the anchor
we also say that was really tough we're
done with skate testing it actually held
up again so that was impressive but we
are going to start destroying this thing
starting with a chip - are you ready I
am so ready do it do you stuff
how did you do that I don't know you
could even kick it straight you ready to
try this again I am alright let's go
that did not really do any sort of
chipping gr√•vik going up chip test Wow
you chip it hahaha is it light it there
yeah look at that that is a I just want
deform skateboard I think throw that our
music to kicking a ball trick oh my gosh
oh wow oh wow yeah there's a chips we
should complain to one more about hunter
board there dude the lady phone I was
actually buying this in the baseball
that she was like sports huh and I was
like yeah she was like just don't fall
and I'll be right there it says max
weight 110 pounds once a week do you
think I'm gonna go put skate
oh that definitely did more damage all
right we're gonna start with a hammer
all right now we're doing some middle of
the board strength test I'm going to
start with the hammer and if I don't
break it
Bry name is gonna hit with an axe and
then it will break but uh we have a
baseball bat the damage is gonna keep
going even after it breaks you think
it'll bring in the hammer
tip - oh I'm yeah broken the best part
of Brian's day is finally here
yeah he's gets to ax the skateboard and
if it doesn't uh you know I was about to
say that if it doesn't break it I'm and
have a different opinion on warm our
boards but I don't have an opinion one
more please this is pretty bad all right
so we have the deck underneath in case
we don't want the axe chopping the
ground or getting her neck so don't hold
on too long wow that was satisfying dude
that just split right into the two
immunity - doing that was fun wasn't it
was alright now the bad boy give it a
break needs another gets offered
I was a lazy terrified I know if I'm
Phil Koury I think he was going to hit
like a catapult
did he go into the chill I'll do the
song that sounded like a gunshot I heard
that my deaf ear come over my jaw but
mother obviously my hand that was good
oh and it's in there where's the board
go wow that was awesome
oh my gosh I'm gonna do this the
old-fashioned way that go what I would
like to say be careful if you're ever
having an axe don't go out and try to do
this if any skateboard we didn't but on
that note exactly Friday to the
background I'm bleeding and when wonder
what rock and they went through easy the
best thing is that you probably brake
with your hand you actually cut the bull
split the bullet Wow it's pretty amazing
Wow
go back way Wow yes Ray Romano this is
your Anna okay this is the barber take
care of her yeah cuz you don't like to
shave your beard oh look at that
what's in there I don't know wow I think
black licorice what is this black tiger
key all right we're gonna make a pile of
skateboard so I still can't kick okay
you try there we go we successfully
destroyed the Walmart skateboard here's
a before picture and here is an after
forgot real
where's the other wheel congratulations
I hope you guys go home today feeling
good about yourselves here yeah shake my
hand Andy I hope you guys liked that
video if you want to see more of this
series that can't we break this give
this video a thumbs up and then leave a
suggestion on what we should try to
break next time and that is it time to
get full diamond
yeah just buy a bunch of diamonds and
break them alright alright but it's fun
a series of destruction I like it next
time we're gonna cut your gold play
button yeah no not gonna have it I don't
have it next time Brian engines car oh
what's up guys real quick thank you guys
for watching the video hope you guys dug
it this whole video was basically a
reason just to break that Walmart
skateboard and after I got done filming
I realized I was you know what the whole
skating it and trying to break it was
kind of fun so if you want to see me do
a video where I try to do as many tricks
as I do and my friends and whatnot bomb
until we break the skateboard let me
know give this video a thumbs up let me
know what you think in the comments and
also write in in my new channel turbo
toy time we just uploaded a new video so
I'll put that down the info as well but
uh yeah hope you guys liked that video
it's late and I've got a lot of editing
to do
and yes this whole time I've been
wearing mario pj's this whole time right
oder right right left
for the vision for the bonus clip you
know how people do bottle flipping I'm
gonna do wheel flipping all right now
you can I can hold you what do you want
to do I can't
you
