good morning YouTube it what's up guys
I'm here in Las Vegas Nevada one of my
favorite cities in the entire world
and we're on your street filming for the
revived skateboards second full-length
video
Josh smile on my face and I'm gonna tell
you there's run Ames way way back there
there's Brad name's Douglas hotels even
skis it's really hard to say that Bryan
Steven Steve Pete I'm gonna call Pete
for this video and the ninja of course
are all coming out today it'll be fun
we're gonna take you guys along with us
and hopefully have a good time
they have spicy sriracha beef jerky just
talking about this I wasn't I was my
responding no I didn't respond okay so
my colleague weighed less good than
their peers I know but that's like if
they were gonna put something here maybe
want to grab it that's that's it see how
much that is $14 Wow I was gonna guess
10 bucks is it weighted yes okay let's
not pick it up it we're gonna go to the
lock store which is the next casino over
and pick up Pete and Doug and we're
gonna get this day started all right so
we're leaving and then there's my
reflection got to the door check I'm
paranoid I don't know why I put on
sunglasses but uh I did I'm talking
about it for no reason at all Mandalay
Bay people
no I'm good yeah sorry
I did get it on tape release how do you
need to return to my roots of falling in
public at every turn how's a pretty good
I did I meant to do that YouTube you've
been watching my channel long enough you
knew that look at that in slow legis
you're upside down these guys Pete I do
it be you got oh good we're going to
Venezuelan spot for London super
delicious better look Michelle we got
them a film that was a ridiculous sneeze
Bryan Johnson
look at that Teeter in YouTube that's
the teetering tube right there it's kind
of weird to lose a fist fight to a cat
ah divas and then Brian eaves yeah she
was trying to make it I honestly thought
you guys like newer Dougie's got up like
a breakfast with face not good on his
lap really a hot pocket underneath the
pillow I'm a ninja's house spaceman Doug
success do don't I film that one this
time wait here we go to the skate spot
and I'm trying to check for my video
part it's one of those things that if I
fall I'm going to regret it it's gonna
suck if I mess up so glad I have
immunity I think that lady's making room
in her purse with the dog inside we were
at the reservoir it Salt Lake City Brian
teaming regrets gave us like at the end
of the discussion they think I'm gonna
regret coming here in skating no so you
don't think I'm a fall I'm your father
you don't he regretted I hope you fall
and it looks really bad in camera but as
I didn't hurt you that bad and they
alway trick I wish that every time only
other time I was here I was sore and I
didn't skate it I'm gonna take my first
go down to Bay this is the kind of spot
that tears you apart if like the
concrete counter rough so that's what I
thought about regretting this no regrets
way faster than I thought you'd be by
you I mean me I'm saying if you in
general Oh
ah
Oh
oh yeah but after then I guess it's got
here that God there that God doesn't
exist yeah
mission successful running she wasn't we
got a spot yeah we gotta keep going
though huh
I would give anything for you to start
the car right now Wow he's already going
hey one high shoe ninja is like a block
away nuts
Steven I dropped in grinded that right
there alright next year he all it up
back tail yeah Ollie dumped on then back
tail at the top that's good you're gonna
skate on this oh yeah whoa I do it
whoa I was super good dude
nice going Pete all right well that's
what I call about the spot I was like no
one's gonna do anything except to Pete
Pete did something yeah we're on to the
next spot which one plays good somebody
didn't know a salamander can moon you
take steer well dude how you doing man
I've been good and I even good with you
force is very good man I wish everyone
just asked me like how I was that way
every time oh you know any Star Wars no
I said it in my ninja would I know what
they do this that well all ninja did a
very good trick on this and let's get
die hey where are you are you out Alti
yeah okay right and say bye YouTube Oh
ridin loves you guys all right I'll doll
face like me after a little bit oh that
was back-to-back I just stopped
recording cuz I'm a dummy right text to
a hardflip ha ha ha was it and we have
tags rolling up to the rail was I
expecting that dude please do that large
hole somewhere here dude this is so
deceiving did you see me fall kid you
can't even tell it's there dude
man that was lit fire smoldering oh I
thought you're okay and then you just
kept falling oh you actually hid no you
let your bounce you did that and live
skate die except you shoving it on this
and then did it was nothing
you skated way more than me in my video
let's get these spots all the time yeah
well alright your channels right down
below you had to have three toppings on
your pizza what would they be right now
pepperoni jalapenos and onions that was
a good one honey
pepperoni in room but no sausage
mushrooms and jalapenos killed it Thanks
rush make Brian Drive oh yeah hey Brian
you got driving I got a face time right
home I guess sorry don't you complain
about my son he's the best thing ever
hey doing who's hold the phone is it
Momo how was your guest in oh wow that's
his face and face is like right against
the lens right you look like you're in
the Blair Witch Project can you do
that's another great kiss it's just
didn't forehead I don't know where I am
I'm for a while we're right here I love
you right in you have a good night okay
I miss you just looks like I'm filming a
truck
the kid that went way before our time
that was really good
hi Brian we're calling it quits of the
spot I don't think Doug's doing anything
so you're gonna reply to some of your
comments so you did a Q&A with me
recently we're gonna on the other side
of the country
j-dog four to zero two four seven says
playing magic like Magic the Gathering
lol yes let's add you together
absolutely yes
Jordan hunter says I grew up on peanut
butter in butter sandwiches oh my gosh
Jordan hunter drink eats peanut butter
and butter sandwiches Jordan you're an
idiot
it's amazing I mean I got to make what
again I remember why or I don't know how
much just Lance way
Lance has know like David trail 130
pounds I don't know like six four 130 if
I get oh I have no food if Lee long-cut
says my Tramp I made peanut butter and
butter sandwiches it's a thing dance
that's pride sure yeah your grandfather
his or his or her grandfather probably
didn't make them well what do you think
about peanut butter and butter
sandwiches why would you do that thank
you
BB says my girlfriend eats mayonnaise
and ketchup sandwiches fat is just the
frosting all right although mayonnaise
and ketchup mix together for french
fries is delicious I'll give you that
but sandwich okay I figure we got like
they didn't like Paris and Belgium with
like it's like your scene it's your
sweet ketchup it's awesome so I think
I'll not explain okay good time hey
everybody is commenting how they eat
peanut butter butter sandwiches and
everybody you're going everybody's wrong
balls McGee says who owns survived Brian
Randy Hughes I'm pretty sure we
explained it in that episode I started
it as revenge and then I brought him on
board and with that we and we relaunched
it as revives so we both out in its
partnership Coco Coco Valerie Green says
you both looked adorable on the
thumbnail bro goals thanks phones ring
your phone is horrible is that I'd hate
to hear that it's like a rotary sound
see who today hey it's 1982 eight bands
on the phone all my wife trying to
FaceTime with me I are I gonna go do it
Glen okay at least they know to walk
away go away alright thank you guys are
watching this was just the second
here in Vegas and I will see you
tomorrow with another video hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
that's it we're done we're done here the
lights are coming off son let's go what
are they doing you're they by flipping
of course a bottle
dude you guys will see a sick bottle
flip didn't work
you
