what is happening right now run the ball
incoming yeah
and boy can you do you cannot beat the
aminal no or smoke smells bad but also a
hurricane now what's up it is QA time I
told you guys we're good to QA we are
stuck in our hotel because there is a
hurricane coming to Orlando we're a
disney world right now i've been here
all week and it's been awesome until now
it's getting kind of crazy so is that
your cool that is your comb use it you
just combing your hair the wrong way do
it anyway you guys that this question on
Instagram I said that really weird
tonight Instagram and it's for this guy
I'm gonna go through him and ask him
some questions and he's gonna answer
them okay alright said of here bub I'll
give you a goldfish cracker got one
right here go in your mouth dump dump
dump dump dump dump dump dump dump dump
dump taste good
oh yeah all right we got 600 questions
right we're not gonna answer them all oh
wait should I make you answer them all
no yeah you got answer mo I always say
that don't ya I got the first question
donta berry says what is your favorite
food - how about you yet you love
chicken how about you usually just say
that Daniel V photography my dude down
in Texas says all which is not a
question at all
Casey love one two two three three three
says you have a girlfriend yet PS you're
such a cutie
Oh more you do who's your girlfriend oh
I don't know Audrey knows that but
that's his girlfriend of Maryland Aiden
with Ridge says you like bottle flipping
oh yeah
yeah hit a good time filming actually we
both had a fun time from there but not
sure you'll see a second I don't fit
Obama has the key what what is it I
can't kill a bottle flip at my house no
no no grandma your grandma didn't let
you bottles of why you're probably using
like her bottles
like honks oh you can't use a couple use
a bottle buddy
sir gingersnap says what was your
favorite video to make them all the
videos we've ever made what's your
favorite one try off button really he's
probably just saying that cuz we just
did that recently but it was fun you
were good at high-five
there you go Enoch de la Rosa says what
is your favorite Pokemon dragon
Dragonite or Charizard until I got okay
I thought so because I didn't think he
knew a dragon English Greg the chars are
it's awesome act like Charizard what
does he act like all right that was
Charizard okay all right this is
probably NASA million times before but
this wild rhino butts okay it says if
you could be one Star Wars character who
would it be star you put stormtroopers I
think he said that every other time he's
gonna ask that here give me that you met
a stormtrooper today didn't you yeah
Hayek he'll I like to you met two stars
rivers you're upside down Matt kwatak
has a great one he says write and do
your best impression of your dad do an
impression of me would okay what did I
just do with my fingers right there
that's that's your impression of me huh
that's it that's all I do
mommy mix megive me says what do you
think your best trick will be I'm
guessing you start about skateboarding
okay Wow there's no skateboard here by
the way hold on I think I know what he's
gonna do
is that it okay that is his best trick
apparently on your skateboard what's
gonna be your best trick music I'll
paint and I am wide a big Kyle no big
tile tire yeah and I am in the alley
opponent in what a wall
- you'll escape boy I believe you could
do that
high-five up you gotta land a person
alright a bunch of people have asked
this fits underscore H says do you ride
in think you will continue your dad's
company yeah you want to continue revive
bar it's a lot of work you want to do it
it would make my life easier
then you could just have the job one
thing that I want to talk about is that
I feel like there's what I say a bunch
of times and videos but I'm not gonna
push ridin to skateboard what he doesn't
want to like if he's gonna skateboard
I'm gonna push him to better himself and
set goals and progress as a parent
should but I'm not gonna force him to do
anything that he doesn't want to I
mainly you know I say this again again
again and I'm not gonna pressure him
into anything okay I feel like a lot of
people have these expectations on how
good he should be on what how often he's
skating what tricks he's doing and I
want to just make that clear so I'm
gonna keep saying in my videos I am NOT
going to pressure him to skateboard okay
a lot of people are asking me to be a
pro skater or whatnot
he might be who knows he might be the
best skater he might not skate at all
and that's completely okay give me a hug
give me a hug I did see some people
talking about in the comments of I think
it was ninjas video with talking about
how good he should be or whatnot and
that kind of inspired this song a lot
someone asked about it I just want to
address it I'm gonna try not to keep
overdoing it every single video but
there you go right if you do not want to
skateboard over a skateboard with that
said rad new one skate wreck or
something there you go see I'm sure
you'll see more skating from him he
actually no I'm not gonna say it I'm not
gonna spoil it but he did something
really awesome recently don't tell him
why because the secret goes away for the
video alright right roar it's Alexis
says nachos or tacos tacos
yup Guam okay dragons do love tacos he
likes that book and I don't have to go
every nachos are awesome a taco is reign
supreme right ready one lib NIT Tapia 1
1 6 is right if you could be any animal
you'd want which animal would you be
zebra is that because you can see a
zebra out that window right now
I thought so you're that red which one
okay okay Risa Souris River no recess
are sucks it's hard name say what is
your favorite revive deck what's your
favorite skateboard deck from revive I
think I know which one no what's your
favorite wine at the Shred Korres
otherwise yeah the zombie which one does
your Aaron and dad yeah Aaron's a school
- don't know you latched on to Doug's
Adrian Gomez says what if your cat and
you were strong tremors what have you
otter and bag we're all storm troopers
let me know a funny and a glasses
oh okay what was it like all the videos
i film with writing just your probably
goes the bathroom get out of here trey
katrell says what do you like better
your birthday or Christmas quickly Ally
I like Christmas way better member they
do I can get my wedding I know you did
will you get them for both so uh yeah
but I like wedding you like giving
presents too right yeah yes or else
you're not getting any presents is here
how about that how about Karen buddy you
got care for others
dragon underscore Co says what is your
favorite color green that's a new one
good you would got pick one what's your
favorite one and you said green so I
work i dang 107 says writing what's your
favorite song
really that's coheed and cambria racer I
thought you're gonna say uh neon takes
this hmm you like Co he'd better Coheed
would like to sell we'll tell them when
we see them next right yeah okay Jess
Pat says what's your favorite ninja
turtle you gotta pick one gets it all of
them my collegues Michelangelo give me
five RM Sara says was it your idea to
start choice channel and it was not it
was my idea and when I told him he put
his arms in the air was like yeah you're
really excited for turbo toy time urchin
we're gonna film you're eating my hand I
think we're gonna film another video
here actually because we're stuck in a
hotel all day tomorrow it is if they
don't evacuate us to a hurricane shelter
we're excited I'm actually really
excited we're doing turbo toy time
because it gives it's just something new
and exciting so
you guys haven't checked out turbo toys
I'm it's right down there pick it out
huh what's turtle choice I'm all about
is that what it's about
where's your armpit right there
b-dawg productions Forsett did you note
ice me in this please so say b-dawg yeah
say pedo productions edo clinic away
what he said underscore jazz or gas from
the G says do you like being on YouTube
and war we make a lot of videos don't we
what's your favorite type of videos we
make so any basically toys he does like
the toys like the hey don't kick me
don't kick me
you missed so I'm not even worried about
finally it took you so long to put your
foot on my face Cormier if she says can
you say bagel oh yeah yep again King
Tradex says what does red want to be
when he grows up
what do you want to be I love God and he
wants to work at Olive Garden and I hope
he does I think everyone should serve
tables at one point in their life it
teaches you a lot like dealing with
people and like working with food kind
of humbles you really good learning
social skills that being said Oh
after the Olive Garden years I hope you
go do something else but if not you know
serving uh if you love serving that's
what you want to do so be a buddy long
as you have a passion for what you're
doing that's important okay last one we
gotta find one more this is a good one
All Right Hon Bond solos as if you were
your parents what would you name
yourself also keep skating riding you
are really really good that's a full
first day thank you thank you so that
was nice him to say you really good
right and I'll cloudy is okay so your
name would be giants truck hmm stand up
you're so big you're just a giant so
that's it guys I've been up a case this
week so I haven't had time to make a lot
of content so I thought I'd do a Q&A I'm
sorry the lighting is really weird in
this room and that we are about to get
annihilated by a hurricane but tomorrow
I have a normal video um
is if five the electricians go out and I
can actually upload videos I gotta edit
the whole thing at this right now and
get it up so I've got a lot of work
ahead of me over the next day and a half
as I'm trying to not get destroyed by
hurricane but thank you guys for asking
the questions for writing writings or
anything you wanna say to YouTube before
we go here's some what my nan Ling
Indian bread good oh here's some none
yeah there's no gum in them alright well
say bye bye goop I hope you have a good
the only day I love you
hey for the bonus Club up miss your best
Bella smacker did that are you okay mmm
that's pretty good I love you
you
