YouTube what is up guys so that was a
batch of old handrail clips of mine I
grew up love skating handrails the one
thing that I didn't know better it was
to clean up my tricks that I layer to
them I kind of liked skating and there's
not worrying too much about how it
looked just having fun that's pretty
much what we did growing up
there's my child he's in a Darth Vader
PJ buddy
I need my face back it ridin show them
your Darth Vader PJ where's your cape
yeah
that's pretty cool wasn't it one thing I
do want to point out is that I'm sorry
for that gnarly nose side funny fact
though that was actually the very first
notice that I ever did it was on an
Easter Hendra which is like the weirdest
thing you could do it on the reason why
I want to do this is because one I like
featuring classic footage actually just
did a recent video part but I had was
talking all over it so I kind of wanted
to just give you guys raw footage I've
had some comments saying I love it when
you feature your old stuff so there it
is I used to love skating handrails so
much I still do but I had like when I
was growing up that's like all I cared
about it was the best thing ever it was
fun it was a rush and I still tried to
I've got a couple handrail tricks from
ready video part it's a little tough
filming handrail tricks in Cincinnati
here in the Midwest I don't travel a lot
but it's just I don't have you know if
you don't keep up with handrails it's
kind of weird to jump down big ones so
I'm definitely aiming for it for my new
video part but I already got some tricks
that I'm proud of so heck yes but yeah
so I hope you guys liked that little
blast from the past I'm actually on a
family vacation right now and that was
one of the videos that I kind of
previously had lined up before I left
for vacation I edited it but I didn't do
the talking part so I'm here right now
before I go out for the day and I want
to take a second just to give you guys
your video worth and I will reply to
some comments on one
recent videos actually what did the last
video that I had skated in I had a
footage jump which that's what I called
him I don't think I ever work phone
where I dropped a bunch of footage like
three minutes worth of just random Clips
like a week ago so we flip everything as
well as called here we go
comment tad dude the tire was the
coolest thing ever I totally thought you
were filming with a fisheye pretty sure
there was a fisheye oh you mean I get
what you mean alright that was a Dominic
constant thank you I'm glad you thought
that yeah it does kind of look like it
has a video effect the world and a
channel says you reading my comment just
made my day Andy thanks you're welcome
and thank you for watching my video
Oh Nolan says when you try your best and
don't succeed is that a reply to that
dude these comments are super weird
either way if you're making fun of me
okay
Schuyler whether Elise says you are the
reason I started skating that is awesome
to hear the my videos inspired you to do
that the important part is that you're
skating now so go have fun with it
don't take it too seriously just have
fun with it it's the best advice for new
people not that you asked for advice but
I'm giving it Joshua Locklear says I
feel like Andy doesn't get enough credit
for his skating because he has a
fantastic scaper
thank you I think a lot of people not
that I'm like agreeing with that because
it's about myself
w a weird thing to do but I feel like a
lot of people like just watch all my
like because I do so much talking and
lifestyle in my channel that like people
like forget that I actually skateboard
at rusty skateboard a bunch that was a
weird noise read web step network says I
just realized I've never seen any hard
flip and I've done them before there's
definitely not been too many of them but
I did one last year at a skate park
which probably ended up in my skate park
part so if you go look up a nice truck
2015 skate park part you'll probably
find one there it won't be that great
but you'll find one Chad Christensen
says Andy what revived it should I get a
never skated one and wants you to pick
it out I'm gonna say revive a red
lifeline that's the classic og and if
you're starting out you got to go with
that red lifeline xx gaming cookie xx
says not trying to be bogus but I'm the
only one that thinks the way Andrew
lands is ugly I am bowlegged it's just
the way I was created like the way my
body was constructed I'm sorry I am
really big on not trying to force a
style so the way I appear on my
skateboard that's just the way it looks
I've always joked about it being cowboy
style so if you don't like it I'm sorry
I'm not gonna stop skating and uploading
footage but I do get that here and there
more skating less talking please
freida caveman that would be really dumb
if I just uploaded a skateboard you guys
would get no content I would not do the
videos that I wanted to do and I don't
know I feel like it wouldn't be a
channel like I would have nothing my
life would literally be not nothing that
it is right now I had never talked in my
videos or whatnot so so are if you don't
like it just watch the skating and be
smart enough to stop watching when I
start talking there you go this is a
funny conversation Ian Dickie says wine
are you pro yet I don't plan on turning
myself pro at all and then gecko replies
I agree but he owns revive he isn't
sponsored I am sponsored I am on there
oh I've team on the force team but also
I have sponsors outside of my companies
I write for AM grip I wrote for our Ryan
trucks and I write for s shoes so sorry
gecko I am gecko yeah
gecko said that buddy headless says you
should get him too I'm sure there's one
as ancient and I've been thinking about
that lately one I've never really cared
because it's just an outro I don't think
people watch my video and it's a new out
show like I'm totally gonna tune in
tomorrow to watch the the new outro
again it's just like the old one worked
but the way that things have worked now
they're like there's different
annotations and the screen things so I
might do it actually Albert Martinez
says why do you lie about your titles is
it because you think your videos are not
interesting so can't sew can't do that
you get people to watch them one the way
life works ok Harry Potter is a great
book in a great movie ok but if it was
called some wizard gets into some
situations not many people would
probably pick that up and watch it ok
it's titled to be exciting just like
anything in life ok like people like the
New York Times but if it said like some
stuff happened today you probably would
make it up although you might pick it up
because that's the dumbest title ever
but I'm just saying you know titles in
everything in life are made to intrigue
the person so they actually look at the
content ok YouTube videos are the same
way 3 flip everything was the name of
this video and I named that because I
did so many 3 flips in it I thought
three would or a big trash can on three
flip it into an O site at 3:15 to 5050 I
threw it into a 5 oh I 3 flipped into
another different notes I like there was
just a ton of three pops into it I
thought that was gonna be a good name
for it
I don't lying to you I do not think that
that that's the best title of the world
it didn't even get that crazy amount of
views can see compared to a lot of my
other videos it was just a title I
thought was good and intriguing so I put
it there so everyone whining about
titles on the internet like you're in
the wrong place you're it's just life
people
what where's your Darth Vader PJs
alright well get out Wow go I'm just
kidding buddy I love you all right I got
to go out into the world to have a day
of vacation don't worry I'm not working
at much at all I'm actually out doing
things like 95 percent of the day and I
am so tired I just come back and pass
out but I'll be back with energy I'm
probably all blanked out as the morning
right now tomorrow actually nobody oqq a
tomorrow so we're doing one the one
video we're filming fully on vacation is
comes out tomorrow I think we'll see but
other than that you guys have a grand
day I'm gonna go pee so thank you guys
for watching
just like just like do like a like
you're jumping into a pool go was that
fun yeah
all right hey I'm gonna take Jeannie and
I'm gonna go buddy this is not Jeannie
this is this is Simba I know that but
we're never Buddha it's not when it of
the pool day I don't know but you look
like an alien right now
