you know how to shoot a basketball right
uh-huh could you do it blindfolded yeah
you really think so all right well here
finish your lollipop first are you ready
to be blindfolded are you be able to see
that is the truth here turn around you
can see I'll pull it up fitzy yeah all
right I don't think so I didn't do a
good job is that better oh yeah Kenzie
Wow double knot dude I'll tell you where
to walk stand up and don't move
right there okay all right try it you
need to go higher okay farther and
higher no put that back up put that back
up you can't see you can you do it oh my
gosh really all right do it all right
try it again try it again do it what
that was so good I got a plate in
slow-mo it like went right through it
was like even hit the net and she went
right through will do harder runs okay
it was like it was just like it maybe
that exact noise okay it kind of it hit
the net I'm crazy it just went really
fast I didn't know next up is the
trampoline trick shot okay go get the
ball okay here here's the ball in front
your face the trampoline is on the
ground so you're gonna throw it at the
trampoline and then it's gonna bounce in
there okay try it yeah okay you hit the
green part not the trampoline part come
over a little bit pop a little step up a
little bit there you go all right try it
oh are you kidding me you did do not
wait how do you know
can you see because no I am I heard it
go through it alright I did not see it
okay good job dude give me five you
wanna watch it do you want to the final
one off the balcony
you want to do it all right well the
stuffs over here okay but okay are you
ready for this
alright we need to flip it up get the
ball just try it yeah that was close but
you gotta front over you just like you
leaned over the hand right here leak get
back cept that was super close alright
give it a toss throw smaller okay do it
oh that was close oh my gosh that was
closed well dude the cat just ran
through like a crazy person
oh you can't see me here I'm putting my
my high-five is it right for your face
because that was pretty good I'll tickle
ya right what are you gonna start eating
cereal with milk dude it's so good if
you ask me had it I don't like white
milk that's why it's good with cereal
you put it in okay you put it in Cocoa
Krispies and it turns in the milk
chocolate you put it in Fruity Pebbles
it in turns of the milk fruity
you put it in Golden Grahams and it
turns the milk into gold
all right that one was a lie okay I was
joking
you know wouldn't lie to you buddy eat
eat eat your cereal okay what you watch
fun efficient I love you this is a shop
order I mean this is an Avenger Waldo
here that was amazing
I wasn't going for that what I don't
know how I could start a hare Casey that
was a trick an axonal trickshot take us
like an hour if we try to do that make
that shot it bounced off your head hit
the table and then went on the shelf
perfectly thanks good boy that didn't
scare you at all
again no are you just immune to you yeah
remember the one to remember the capetti
you don't member the confetti all that
one yeah this is Emma's guinea pig is
that really dude that is Emma's guinea
pig okay is it actually her guinea pig
or is it like a picture that looks like
her guinea pig may be coming soon love
you buddy I love you you're a good dog
you are a good dog you are such a good
dog you're a good dog you mean well you
look really good with the top hat on
Earl we get when we get one of those on
you nailing it you are nailing it there
you go girls gonna help me be careful
that that's a razor blade
it's sharp Earl what a good dog he's
raised benefit Earl calm down okay okay
it's yours - Earl okay
it's not yours what do you want
Oh deflected I'll kick you right back at
you I point okay the camera hit there
are a ton of Minecraft Legos
yes you can I mean you can connect any
Lego really shoot fire your over they do
it towards you - whoa my deaf will yours
providers or Maxie do that them shoot
file Wow
that's what intense fire yeah well don't
touch it alright keep my hand oh there
you go
here you can get higher than this though
come on kick hard oh you kick - I are
duty that good kick it it's not gonna
get hurt it's good oh it's hurt it is
hurt I'm just kidding that's good are
you trying to hurt it more yeah what are
you doing didn't you just do this
anybody home
you're gonna run into something be
reading did you impressive make a face
they bake the face if you see a Chipotle
restaurant
it's pretty good you know what that does
you know what it does read it try to
read it oh look it has a note from JP
that teaches you how to draw Pokemon
YouTube what is up guys so yes those
were clips that did not make it to my
recent a day in the life video saver you
would come in here if you're gonna be
here might as well be in YouTube video
but I hope you guys liked that it was a
fun day if you guys want to see the full
day it'll be linked at the end of this
video why didn't you come in here is
anything you with me where's Fred
oh yeah sure okay what is this is this
from here your dudes yeah and shove it
OH - / - but yeah you guys want to see
more videos like this I do videos all
the time
um so hit the subscribe button right
below the video and your cell to see
more and that is it I hope you guys
enjoyed this video we got a new
warehouse Wednesday coming tomorrow
which is skateboarding
that's it tomorrow's - Wednesday
tomorrow's - Wednesday get your attitude
and go somewhere with it
you somehow left these in my house I
don't know pal and you forgot they
existed apparently yeah Venegas no
skating comfort that's true shout out
your glove sponsor Tim Tim Berlin did
they give you those no do you pay for
those you're not smiling on that
