keep watch outside this is follows on
bottle flipping hey nope that's where
flippant that's from flipping that is
right it is father-son bottle flipping
this guy has never done any sort of
bottle flipping so I thought it'd be fun
to do one here at home with them are you
excited good because you get to do the
first bottle flip outside for the one
that I did in the intro but uh this is
it this is happening ridin all right
you're just in right here okay come on
extend right there here I'm going to
show you the trick okay you're gonna
hold it like this and you're gonna throw
it up boom
okay make sure it lands on here we don't
want that Gatorade all over the house
that was a really good first attempt ooh
oh that was it that was good you want to
watch it yeah all right let's watch it
we'll remember God that's your time all
right hey you want to fill me oh all
right here you hold the camera I'm gonna
do a double okay all right hold it
record so you ready get up closer are
you ready
double I'll do it yeah I did it thanks
for filming hey look at the puzzle you
put the other day I got a bunch of
chickens on there those are chickens oh
yeah you're right they're totally
roosters we're gonna put water in this
over the brace we don't ruin the house
okay here here happen happened hey buddy
it's okay it's tough being poor isn't it
we're just being safe so but if it
doesn't stain right now your challenge
is to do it and land up here so watch
dad do it okay
just like that okay do it oh my gosh
that was good form ready oh my gosh
writing you you can do this you can you
got this
whoo that was good but you just didn't
do it high enough do it that was awesome
dude look at that look at that catch it
catch it catch it you dropped it and can
do it up the stairs ridin hey you you're
gonna have to film it so you just stand
with the camera like this okay okay all
right
don't move you just shot yeah that was
bad they're all right I did a second try
no no I I did a second try you filmed
thank you you're a dandy
this is a new high five I've never had
this one are you doing here to talk a
truck huh doing your drawing like this
do it go back and do it get back up wait
I can't see it
do it oh you got a good well that was
really good
now I'm gonna do it across the room into
the grill cause I was like I can do this
I will to move move but it
okay I might actually break her grill
Booya
why are you obsession what is this oh
cool a dollar from ridin thank you hey
just like home dollar bill business
almost follow it's close dude that was
so close that was a weird celebration
but that was amazing
dude that was the best one how happy are
you okay
you're good happy hey if we do in the
house you think mom's gonna freak out oh
my gosh that was if we do it over there
it might land on the death make it flip
oh my gosh you did it and it didn't even
land on the marble give me five hubby
everybody Wow look at you wanna watch it
that's one finale you gotta go through
and play powder out of the stool that's
the finale the grand finale all right
wish me luck okay I really hope the
bottom doesn't explode because uh this
is a tall drop I've never done one like
this not that I've done a ton of bottle
flips but I've done a bunch of normal
ones but uh this is gonna be my best one
I think and bagel is just watching us Oh
it didn't explode it with the bottle of
way all right back up oh my god cannot
believe I did that second try I only had
the two Gatorade bottles there you guys
go hope you guys like father-son bottle
flipping I had a lot of fun me I always
have fun filming videos with him but he
was like way better than I thought he
was gonna be and it was a lot of fun did
you have fun yeah all right
you enjoyed it all right so we actually
have some news for you I do a lot of
father-son videos with this guy here on
my channel if you want to see more hit
the subscribe button for sure I do a lot
of skateboarding videos lifestyle videos
anything I find entertaining I do but
ridin and I are actually starting a new
channel where it's just ridin and knee
and toys we're gonna be opening up no
toys we're putting together toys we're
gonna be like reviewing toys we're going
to be building them it should be a lot
of fun so if you want to see more
definitely there's a link right down
there and at the end of this video check
it out it's called turbo toy time at
least that's the name that I'm going
with right now yeah yeah that's a
mouthful isn't it turbo toy time ok at
least he can say it as a death metal
singer can you sing it's a turbo toy
time I think it's clear that he's going
to be into rock and roll so if you guys
want check that out I mean it's
definitely just toys and stuff so if
that's not your thing go about your day
and I'll be doing the same videos I
always do here on my channel but I
thought something you're interested
please check it out I'll be giving away
toys because he is enough twice as it is
so I'm not gonna be just giving him the
toys I don't want him to be completely
spoiled like that thank you guys watch
my van did you have fun do it you want
to be a you want to be a dinosaur right
now don't you
and on that note you guys have a good
day and we will see you tomorrow right
Pikul
hey ridin hey for the bonus clip watch
them I do remember I'm gonna do the
double the double bottle foot go stand
over here
are you ready for I just did that first
ride wow that was not hard at all unless
I try to do again that it probably would
be hard or easy who knows
