YouTube what is up guys so I've been
skateboarding for a long time and I've
released a lot of video parts are my
ears but I first started skating I would
do it myself and I would just make my
own skate videos my friends which I
guess I've been doing that ever since
but it wasn't on the internet for people
to see I think this video part is my
second video part does exist some write
Internet but I've never reviewed it so
I'm gonna watch it I'm gonna show you
guys the footage and then I'm just gonna
talk a little bit about it but you get
to see some very old footage of me this
is actually an interesting video part
because I filmed this one within six
months of my first video part coming out
I didn't know that shouldn't use
skatepark footage that wasn't really a
thing we just kind of made skate videos
the thing about it is that I was
recovering from an injury and the doctor
told me did not skated all for six
months and then I filmed my entire part
in those six months I was a teenager and
I probably wouldn't listen that much now
but either way I filmed this whole part
recover from an injury and there's a lot
of sloppy tricks in there but I was
super happy to film another part let's
get watching this this is from the beach
front mom's second video remained silent
and the music is copyrighted I can't
show it to you I don't know below I
don't know I'll deal with it but if
there's other music kind of happening
with it that's why I remember yeah I
started it out with a board throwing
section I was a very hot-tempered
dude grown-up and I blinded and threw
and broke my boards I thought it was
cool to do an intro with it I could go
so mad dude alright so this first gap
was one of my favorite gaps however I
ever tried boom you see that yeah that
board did was even cracked it just
exploded that gap is about the size of a
14 sterols and you can tell on that but
that was a very hard get back to this
day like I could do it but I would not
want to like I had to push so hard to
get the speed for it and it was just it
was ridiculous but I'm psyched that I
did I think I did it a couple times like
growing up yeah there we go there's a
second diamond I don't forgot a back
side fifty-fifty on NKU eights here that
is the best hander on skateboarding
history it's unfortunately gone now but
I love that thing
Casper flip across the worst gap ever
this is on beach one Avenue the street I
grew all that and I hand touched like I
said there's some sloppy tricks in here
I totally went back to this spot like a
few years ago I was like this is the
worst thing in the entire world but you
know whatever
Casper flip frontside boardslide net
rail still exists that's a really tough
rail to skate mainly because I just
never take the time to skate tall things
but that's like suppose like a handicap
rail it's a little lower than it but uh
front board the worst there's a night
vision on the cameras we used to use and
that was a kickflip back tail I'm
surprised I did I think I hit my back
truck in the dirt and still rolled away
and then all these coops are cut really
fast too so we're already on to the next
the notice slide to shove which was I
think I don't have my foot touch right
there or not but that was the first I
think notice that you show I've ever
done I've done a few since super psyched
on how that kickflip came out it like
tweaked out and it wasn't a huge gap on
I just loved how it looked and here is
the first line of my video part don't
worry about my front my top half you
don't even see that I guess there's a
three flip I didn't need to get kickflip
and I wanted a little trick it I didn't
know any better to boardslide I was
pretty excited about that line I think
it plays the boardslide yeah from a
second angle which should've been a
different second angle because I was so
similar the first one I don't know if it
was like that session but I think later
like soon after I did a full captain
three stair and then I front board the
nine and I stuck and got wheel bite and
fell off and I got kicked out and I
never got to go back to land I love I
always loved how that half cab flip
looked and then I do little I popped out
of this boom
fini fini finger flip across the flower
gap that's actually a really scary ledge
because there's it's like it's not like
flat on top it's like a rail almost like
you get on and you truck so like riding
on one ledge but if you went over your
feet we get caught up and you just kind
of fall to your head it's hard to
explain that's see that's the big part
on toes it's a very big kick Vilano if
the lens makes it but it's like a six
foot tall kickflip and I didn't realize
that I landed it it was kind of sloppy
but I remember wrong way like oh my gosh
I did it and I was so excited so I kept
it there's a switch 180 horribly sloppy
fifty-fifty this is the steepest hand
row ever I would not skate this to this
day the worst lipslide ever but like I
said I was like so excited to be doing
some of these tricks there the first
time I've been doing them that I was
hyped this gap was large and I remember
that I had a hand touch but I didn't
that was another one of the times I was
like oh my gosh I rolled away funny
thing with this next trick it's a front
salad kickflip seam that was second try
I had never tried that trick in my life
until that moment I've done it to five
okay but so I'd never done a front salad
kickflip and then I did a second try and
I haven't tried since like that was the
end of that I remember asking my friend
we were skid as memory balls okay I
wanna go try frontside kickflip out in
front will you fill me and then did you
try and we're back like you already did
it like yeah kickflip five-o I was one
of the smoother checks in my part that
was the best I was skate fest we used to
just get a bunch of ramps we built some
stuff in the whole community we come
together to skate once a week and it was
probably the best the most fun is
skating I've ever had in my life was
worse gave us there was great know I
live on the lowest hand row ever nose
grind on a park rail Corona this rail
all right so my filmer Joe buddy you
were way too close when you film it but
that's a super steep and lower rail like
we used to skate him because we didn't
know any better but man that lifts slide
that was a special back then but
nowadays I'd be like I would rather go
to a bigger rail any day because it'd be
easier very dark backside flip the story
of this see how gross that rollaway was
I thought that was dumb and then my
friends were like dude that was the best
rule away ever man you have to keep it
and I believed him and I was like I'll
cool you guys liked it I'll keep it I
like literally power stood on my butt
but whatever and then I followed it up
with three flip
to impact it like it like a thirty stair
but I was really hype than I got a three
foot by nine eight do it all front board
sex change lipslide pretty video finger
flip is that the second one I've done in
my video part so yeah I had two of them
oh well that 180 down one of the best
gaps ever we always used to get kicked
out of that growing up and then that the
car dealership went out of business and
then the gap was open skate but the
parking lot was so gross that it wasn't
as good of a gap anymore so I was a
shame but I was psyched to Lisa gotta
back away and pretty sure that guy in
the backgrounds about to kick me out
full cab down the dados I always want to
do that done the bigger part like the
six foot drop and I stuck it but I never
landed it 5o down a big skate particle
edge I was always I was really scared
that that day and then I finally got the
guts I rolled up to him like thirty
minutes I 5 out of first try of course
that's my first front board on a
handrail which is like a double rail
which is kind of scary but I was so
awkward it's funny because from pores
are the easiest thing in the world to me
now but that was tough
and I did it and you can see how I
barely rolled away the only nollie
backside flip I ever film nice to go to
do those not like crazy off the edge of
the loading dock like I did there but I
just do him good I should get him back
I just never practice which man I don't
really like switch that much I have a
few tricks though alright super
overexposed property 50 that was that
back 50-50 was the first grind on a rail
that you could actually stand up on and
I was that was one of the tricks that
everyone in the community was like
alright man and he maybe isn't some
comic shop nerd the kickflip on Donatas
for first time with one of them when I
did that
people like were like this guy's on a
different level so but that was you know
handrails were worshiped back then so do
you do rails like you were like mad
respected so I don't really care about
that
I was really hyped that I started
skating because that's what I want to
skate so I was very happy dude that was
the best ledge ever all of these tricks
right here you got super kicked out it
was at a college in Riverside California
they eventually destroyed it like
literally with a sledgehammer we came to
it one day and was just broken apart but
that was the best if I could skate that
right now I would do ten tricks on it my
gosh we need to recreate that ledge
somewhere it was so good it was the only
thing as weird as that roll away see how
like I'm kind of like really trying to
get past the line there it was kind of
hard to go around the corner but if you
just put a piece of wood down like kind
of there you could make it happen that
is a very large gap that is a down on
beachfront Avenue is still there to this
day
not many pee
have done tricks on it and this backside
180 which is not the best angle I'm
sorry Joe but that was the best backside
180 I've ever done my life and it was
exhilarating like I just it was one of
those moments that I just could not
believe I did it I rolled away feeling
so good and then I landed the big gap
that's a really big gap I dolly over a
bush and my trucks if you see me world
away funny is because my trucks were
really trying to not let me roll away
and then I did it then I put my arms up
like Josh Casper triple flip that was my
first triple flip I do believe I think
my only street triple flip I should try
to go do another one that's for my video
part that's it that was my video part my
second video part be show mobs full
second full-length video remain silent a
lot of sloppy tricks this is my actual
review part and what she did so is my
actual review part there's a lot of
sloppy tricks but like I said I was
recovering from my worst injury ever ok
I wasn't supposed to be skateboarding
with that said I'm really psyched that I
put it out it's impressive that I did
that within 6 months and I and it was
vastly better than my first part there's
definitely some tricks my first part
that could be in this part that would
make certain tricks in this look look
worse but overall like I did some i
rails and some big gaps in some flip
tricks I really liked the part and I
really should have cleaned those things
up but I didn't have a lot of time to
film and I just kind of rolled with it
we had fun so uh could've been better
but I'm really psyched on it that's my
bottom line alright I do have a few more
video parts and I'd like to review them
if you guys like this go down there and
give it a video a thumbs up and then
leave a comment tell me what you think
that's it guys I'm gonna go to bright
names for your interview Brian a trophy
actually might need a crouton got way
too excited they're prettier crudo all
right let's go interview Brian bright
names you are playing golf with Michael
Jordan what is your first thought I'm
gonna lose
bonus question okay you have to eat
three pounds of broccoli right now we're
all not cooked that would be horrible
it's not any question I just have to do
it yeah
good it's not any question that you have
to that's sucked I'm gonna go get it
okay
