YouTube what's up guys it is it every
season I put a new skateboard together
using the new gear from my company's
revive and force wheels revive being
skateboards so I'm doing right here
right now I'm in Las Vegas I'm gonna put
this board together tell you everything
I have going on with it and then there's
a flat bar around the corner that we're
gonna skate it is like the windiest day
I've ever experienced out here yeah this
is a this is a setup video so I'm gonna
put my sunglasses on realize I don't
need to do that let's get this started
alright so the theme with this one last
time I just said lies the entire time
when I was putting my board together I'm
gonna do stories just whatever story
randomly pops my head if you've been
watching my videos for a while and
you've heard a story I'm sorry just keep
listening and a new one will take its
place you know what makes me crazy more
not using the ratchet I like putting
your hardware oh yeah you know what I'm
not gonna do that for you Steven sees my
film are justice ed because I always put
this back on this it doesn't they don't
roll away or anything to sit there it's
kind of nice he brings a good point that
you don't need to do that because I'm
just gonna put him back together so for
him I'm not gonna put my nuts on the
bolts not gonna do it for you what you
giggling really gonna said nuts we'll
work on this good job you just put stuff
together properly when you go in this
skate shop you just turn into Timmy from
Arkansas this is the back truck okay I'm
gonna put it over there
the back truck is that way first story
is as I take apart my old board is that
when I was like 4 my friend had kittens
ok he didn't have getting his cat had
kittens fans I was at his house playing
and I had to go home I had to plot in my
head I was like all right I'm gonna
remember where he lives I'm gonna pay
attention to the roads and I am riding
my tricycle to get one of these cats I
was gonna steal I was 4 years old I had
a plot to steal my friends kids I should
just ask for one because everyone's
giving away kittens either way later
that night when I got home like when it
was like dusk I got on my tricycle and I
left and I was four years old riding a
tricycle down like a 45 mile an hour
road in Bethel Bethel Ohio you know that
so yeah not not the best place for doing
that my dad's friend saw me riding in
the middle of the street and he's like
Andy what are you doing I was like I
don't know what I told him he put me in
his car talking about to my dad and I
ran I knew I was gonna be so much in
trouble which I mean if Bryden did that
he'd be in trouble he'd be done I was 4
I left home on a tricycle I ran to the
bathroom and tried to lock myself in it
but my freaking sister locked the door
or shouldn't oh she got to it before I
lock the doors and what I'm trying to
say I got
ilan remember what happened but I was
bummed don't get it this board is done
it's a decent condition I'm probably
gonna find someone here in Vegas at a
skate park and say hey do you want a
skateboard your board looks kind of an
and I'll give it to them if I don't find
anybody I'll just take it back to
Cincinnati and give it to Alex puny who
turns these into mini greens and sells
many boards so he recycled skateboards
is kind of awesome back truck over there
front truck right here let's put
together my skateboard let's talk about
it first though this is my board is an 8
inch revive deck this is the red and
white sketch graphic from the new fall
series we have some AM grip grip tape I
don't care about air bubbles but I think
like something when it flew in the plane
was weird because these air bubbles are
there's a lot of I don't really care
though but I had to point it out in case
you guys see it because I know YouTube
can't handle it got a four sticker
underneath here it looks kind of cool um
but AM grip og grip tape got scratched
up thank you Delta Airlines I forgot to
poke holes this is Orion trucks this is
this like the space or Galaxy series
it's pretty cool as a little galaxy I'll
never even see it I've been skating
these for a little while we have 53
millimeter what's the name of this
catacombs sorry I named it that's so I
came with the concept - and a JP couvert
drew it very good JP actually did this -
this is the catacombs it's got a bunch
of skulls on it you probably can't
really focus in on it but if you go to
the straight quarters comm you can see
all this stuff this actually just came
out today like as this video upload is
when the force fall a line is released
so check out the website if you want to
see that or your local skate shop or
don't doesn't matter inside
Bronson bearings I just test these out
and they're pretty good so far you know
what I have new hardware but it's in the
car so I forgot to get it what are we
working here with I'm gonna go get it I
think so I really like setting up boards
and just like you know putting these
little bolts back on your even though
I'm gonna take them right back off and
one time
I sneezed milk all over myself and my
cat actually oh he's back
alright I guess we're I guess we're done
with this I thought I got some revived
light bolts which if folks had hardware
supercool it has two red bolts it'll be
here the topic board tell me which my
nose is but with the cutout are you know
either way this boards actually look
really pretty
I've got some red here I got some red
going on with bolts and it's a red and
white colourway also I got a bunch of
black white and red stickers which I'll
show you when I do stickers let's put
this thing together and continue with
some weird stories from my past there's
a Black Widow next to me that's a black
widow oh my gosh I'm killing that do
let's look around make sure when I can
surround up my deadly spiders I would be
so mad I got bit by a black widow that
should be story one time I was doing a
video right now and I got pip life of
black baby I know what I was not to use
the wrong hardware I want to point out
that I should have put these nuts on
these bolts because I'm getting new
hardware so these I could have put in a
little emergency thing that's how the
world works so when I was like seven or
eight I don't remember I was young you
know I was a kid
just put kid age I saw hook at the Peter
Pan movie which if you haven't seen it
stop watching this video right now and
go watch the hook it's so good Robin
Williams yes
gosh it's good I was watching that and
that changed my life I was like I want
to be Peter Pan I want to be him so I
got all the neighborhood kids together
and we like start her own Lost Boys and
I could totally got to be Peter Pan and
I found this really cool stick and I got
like the plastic handlebar thing off of
a bike and I put at the end of it and I
had this it like it looked like a wooden
sword it was awesome I saw Jurassic Park
is the original in the movie theater
nine times and I wanted dinosaurs to be
real so bad I mean I wanted to be real
now it's like I heard a noise in the
movie theater and I saw scratches on the
door where I was coming in I told my
friends like I think there's
philosoraptor set the door look and we
went over there with big scratches on
the nose like yeah that's right I
freaked him out he was scared he
should've been because any logical
person would realize that was lost wraps
the movie theater
morning here how much my third grade
teacher sucked one I think if you're
gonna teach kids you better be like a
shining person let's put that out there
you should be a good person this lady
would just call out people make them
look stupid all the time in third grade
how are you in third grade I turned in a
paper and she thought the handwriting
was bad so she took the whole class to
the
she had everybody line up and walk by my
paper and to look at it who all thinks
Andy could write cleaner instead of just
saying Andy let's work on this
humiliation reading eight-year-old which
I wasn't humiliated I was like whatever
I don't care about this lady it's moving
on to the back truck there's a story
we're gonna continue on with teachers I
had this really cool history teacher mr.
Bartholomew I'll call him by his name
and if you guys if anyone out there went
to Anderson High School earlier than now
though know who is who he ruled he was
goofy he like had a really good sense of
humor and is really smart and funny this
kid it was like the very first week he
asked to go the bathroom and never came
back
we don't know what happened in the
second semester like five months later
he came back to class and mr.
Bartholomew he didn't like he didn't say
anything like everywhere he been writing
you know he's you're just like he just
looked at me as like how was the
bathroom
hey the guy was like good he's like cool
just kid to get your tinted glass you
know what I'm liking the school story so
I'll just keep going I had a math
teacher which I won't go naming name I
was one of the three people or four
people that passed one of her classes
and then she put me into like basic math
the next year I'm good at math camp not
many I'm not good at many things but I'm
good at math that's besides the point
she was into the cloth with into the
closet to get something one of the kids
locked her in the closet she got so mad
she's like banging on it I don't know if
he was just like standing by the door
and not letting around I felt bad I was
like what was the kid that like didn't
want kids to beat jerks like that saying
a story now it's funny but I was like
dude you're a jerk totally locked her
and then and then he just ran back to
his seat and she came out and didn't
know who was a child like she ever found
out nanners in high school if you want
to who was his name was Nick I think it
was Nick all right we'll go with us with
a popular girl which I shall liked her
she was like when you actually got to
know her she was super nice
this board is please not gonna sticker
it she was like look honestly I
understand every sport but I don't
understand why anyone would skateboard
okay that's probably offending me right
now because I'm 16 she was like like
what do you do I don't know I did like a
three flip off felt like a 1-story drop
you can flip ya did a 360 flip I can do
like backside flips are you kidding me I
was like well it's just the board oh and
she just turned around like super Chism
I just spit everywhere
she was super disappointed like I got
her so psyched and then I just took it
away we used to get the cops called on
us all the time I start skateboarding at
98 or something the two thousands I
skateboarding was the most hated thing
in the world but some of the cops were
super nice some
I mean and one we called laughing gas
cop because any time we talk to him he
just laughed about everything he didn't
take anything serious I'm sure he was a
good cop when it came to skateboard he
probably was like why am I talking to
skateboard I'm a cop and I'm dealing
with kids on their skateboard like that
does does not make sense at all we
accidentally set off alarm at this skate
spot we didn't know it it was like 10
o'clock at night and the owners came in
the building and they saw us skating and
then they instead of just asking us to
leave which we would have they called
the cops and laughing gas cop came and
he just came over like what happened
there's alarm you guys trying to break
in really no I was like oh you know what
I threw a rock and it bounced off that
hit that door would that set it off
there like it might he just laughed is
like all right cool go back to skating
have fun and he leaves the owners all
across a lot they were like they were
talking to him and I just saw we didn't
know they had anything to do with us
they came over they're like you need to
leave and really that guy like the cop
literally just told us we could skate no
we called him to kick you out Feuer like
that we probably you should just asked
us we were too left we thought this
later they called the cops oh just the
cops told us we could skate and that's
not what they wanted
we got a skull sticker I don't know what
I'm doing with these I one time hit my
friend of the pool stick I felt bad
because he was like the little guy in
the group he was having a bad day that
day and then I accidentally hit him with
a pool cue like I acted like I was
swinging in them then I hit him
don't fake swing pool cues your friend
unless the bryony's there's a flat bar
right over there I am going to go
skateboard on it but I hope you guys
enjoyed the little story time while I
set it up just to reiterate I have an
8-inch survived red and white sketch
deck some Orion trucks 53 catacomb force
wheels
Bronson bearings which have been awesome
so far is my first time skating I'm am
grip grip tape with a little force stick
underneath and then revive light bolts
hardware I'm skating this in Vegas cable
test after flying across the country
what Jesus cable that shouldn't actually
mean anything
laughs our time let's do this
you
you
so that rail just took away most of my
stickers but the board feels great the
flat bar is a little low but I'm not
complaining because I love flat bars and
I was a ton of fun not making excuses
thank you guys for watching if you want
to get any of this gear it's available
at the shred quarters comm or a lot of
skate shops all over the world are
carrying it if they're not just ask them
to carry our stuff or go get another
skater run brand that you know is out
there doing good things for your
community just support skateboarding
with my point thanks for watching I do
videos every single day here hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
from me and I'll see you tomorrow and
that's it
I'm gonna go hopefully land a street
skateboarding trick today mmm it's my
goal maybe not I don't know I'm trying
to take it easy either way you guys have
a good one peace thumbs up nyan John was
did a good trick
pretty sure dog dish miss abort sled
you
