bottle flip onto the door okay look how
skinny it is it's the width of a door
actually go figure I'm gonna flip it up
there and do it I've done it a bunch of
times but I've never filmed it because I
didn't think was worth filming but
bottle filming is a thing now so let's
get to this Timmy or Ted from Texas is
gonna film what it is first try we'd be
shocked yeah I would be don't be shocked
cuz I didn't do it
whoa
Scotch me you know when you mess up you
feel like an idiot when you bless
something really bad when you come
closest all right girls calling you like
did you didn't think girls ever liked a
guy cuz of a bottle float cuz that'd be
weird
bracken oh you so soon done I did it now
we're in here all alone that was weird
well that was wearables over the store
but this is a blaga soda you guys are
going a little adventure with me today
and I'm going to ultimately try the
triple or quad my house with my little
guy having done it I probably got triple
but I'll think I've done Quan when you
look at me all weird yeah ketchup on
your shirt it's blood that is blood
look I film the where else Wednesday and
I got everyone so you guys are gonna
hang out me I'm going to try that triple
and quad flip when I get home big the
bottle flipping is like a thing on the
internet these days I've been doing it
my whole life and I just didn't think
anyone cared to watch it but now people
here watch it it still looks like Kendra
will you shut up
I'm gonna go skateboard for a few
seconds you know to normal people I
would say I'm sorry for tell him to shut
up but I think I'm gonna not apologize
for telling you to show them it still
looks like a ship I think we look dumb
come you on with ketchup on my shirt you
probably so many things on that alright
so yeah this is where I work this is
just these shred quarters my own and
operate revive skateboards and force
wheels here with Brian Eames that I have
a bunch of friends that help and work
and it's awesome but this is our little
training facility I'm going to
skateboard here for a second and then
I'm gonna go try to buy an iPhone 7 but
fail I know I'm gonna fail but I need
one because I've got a trip where I need
more space on my phone boss came in so
Casey's looking like he's trying to do
some work why are you cleaning whatever
where beanie oh it needs the ramp so we
have to skate this one oh you're a good
guy thanks let's do some flip flip grind
slide things flip grind slide thingies
I'm so bad
which occurred your grind and landed
third try haven't done in a year
no sign take me no signs hate me so much
thank you're filming Bob all right I am
gonna skate boarding I'm going to AT&T
to hopefully an iPhone 7 I'm not
actually banking on that because I think
they're impossible to get I look at my
bag I don't you can see how big this
thing is
it is a gargantuan thing and it's super
heavy but it fits all my stuff so I look
stupid okay
buzzer Edgar's thanks for all you guys
do so next week is a family trip okay
just a wife and a little dude 9 and I
want to have storage of my phone and the
iPhone 7 just came out and I was like
you know what I should just suck it up
and get it it has a great camera on it I
don't really care about the earbud
situations you can hate on that all you
want but it's hard to get apparently
like I tried to call my ATT store
they're like if you want to hear about
availability go to our website like it
even asked me what I wanted just told me
that and I was like gosh I'm just kind
of hoping that I have dumb luck and I
walk into the store has a random one for
sale so I'm prepared to be disappointed
though let's go find out that guy's like
any likewise like I talking to a camera
cuz it's 2016 people do weird things it
has a weird place here we are wish me
luck course I didn't have it it was a 30
to 35 day wait estimated but he did give
me a tip that he says he thinks Best Buy
has some I'm looking for the 7 plus
that's the hard one to get because it's
got the nice camera so I'm going to
shoot over to Best Buy it's only a few
minutes away
wish me luck people I'm still prepared
to be disappointed don't hit me car
he didn't I was that was super nice of
that guy
here we are wish me luck Wow okay shut
up
color me surprised they had it make
freakin had it ad and Apple couldn't get
it to me for 30 to 35 days and I just
walked into Best Buy and got it it's
gold I don't really care as a white face
which I've been having I had had a black
phone for a while so it'll be a nice
change but it's got a great camera and I
just ripped myself off to buy this but
at least I didn't I like sell this one
try to make up for something loss either
way I'm gonna go get my little guy from
preschool and I'm gonna go home and I'm
gonna eat some pepperoni and then I'm
gonna try this quad bottle flip triple
all that stuff let's get out of here
Thank You Best Buy
who is this I'll bomb all this is ridin
hey you want to go inside let's go what
are you doing dude it's dark in here
when you turn lights bud
it's gloomy outside okay so you're good
plate up here yeah okay good
dad's gonna go eat for a second is
Revere work that I'm gonna try a triple
and quadruple bottle flip I'm gonna try
it now a little bit I'll call you you
want to watch it
alright hey I love you alright if you
been watching my channel you know that
I've been dieting pretty much it on and
off and I always want to snack to hold
you over till dinner after get off work
and pepperoni hummus is delicious it's
pepperoni and hummus with delicious
y'all come in play without airplane
noises do you like it alright sugar that
mouth pose even though I asked you to
say someone how was school oh good yarn
what's your stuff oh yeah
Alex what did I do I didn't I'm just
kidding yeah cuz I'm home cami bad girl
like daddy met only two good bye music
okay I'm just five years old bottle
humming time I'm sorry even you guys
hanging on this but finally what this
video is all about I'm doing I hope it's
not too hard and my neighbors are got
think I'm so weird I'm gonna do this on
the back porch like why is that guy
doing that hope he doesn't take me to
all right we're gonna use the the green
one our blue this is totally blue I'm
crazy
teal we're gonna get the teal one and be
wasted it can't be raised in it cool I
need a way bigger thing okay that looks
good I'm gonna do single double triple
quadruple all right right messed it up
immediately
on second thought being outside and
knowing my neighbors I'm just gonna come
inside and do it and hopefully not smash
the Gatorade all over the house this
table is vastly better my point exactly
alright single fail double
no double all right now the real heart
starts to get the real hard now the real
challenge begins okay starting with the
trip that was terrifying I show you a
towel
oh my oh I did
hoarsely if it is leaking swore or some
of the came out okay those it I went to
grab it because there's Lee I'll show
you I got it on videotape
what do you think good your high five me
with your foot
get that foot away I'm gonna go for the
for this is gonna be scary
Wow
ah oh my gosh that was it and you
couldn't see it at all because I went
out of the frame all right I got to get
a different filming situation Oh
oh my gosh I can't we did it see that
sucks
that's how at this point I really should
put water in it but I'm being stubborn
oh my gosh I was it Oh how many times
are gonna do that oh I don't know I feel
like that
it kind of was it didn't bounce on the
side yes
oh my gosh that was the hardest thing in
the world oh my gosh I did it I'm like
sweating I was trying that just doll on
and on and on and on and on that was a
horse in the world luckily this guy fell
down fell asleep for a nap or else I
wouldn't be able to doubt him in a dad
mode right which I am now so I'm gonna
go have a good father-son night for the
rest of the night but thank you guys for
watching I do videos every single day
here and I actually have a father-son
bottle flip do you member we did
father-son bottle flip or are you pretty
tired right now
yeah well that's coming in a couple days
but I do videos every single day so hit
the subscribe mine if you want to see
more from me and hope you guys have a
great day and I'll see you tomorrow
hasten what Zootopia
I didn't know those on Netflix uh-huh we
have the cities ridin hey wait run his
facebook we do this face was the rest of
my life I just had his face public ride
in her school how was school today run
he's on the roof or alright these guys
say bye bye bye hey love you grab you
know look I love you I'll take as I love
you too
you
oh and pause I'm not getting in the
video just yet I have a challenge for
you guys I want to see if you guys can
do this and I'm not talking about
sketchy I'm talking about
hit it can bounce but it can't bounce
off its side it has just lands like I
did mine and see if you guys can do it
too because it was really tough so if
you do do it upload it to Instagram and
tag me because I want to see them that's
at Andy's rock I don't see some smooth
ones okay it's a good luck piece guys
there's ridin he wants to taco which is
in this bag right here that's what don't
steal my tacos these are my tacos yeah
these are my tacos get away get away do
it ah
I was kidding right later guys say bye
