ouch
ain't nothing funny about that one oh my
gosh okay I know the first time you saw
that fall you had no idea that that it
was even a painful thing okay cuz when I
first watched it and I was like all
right cool you bailed and the board did
something funny and then you see it in
slow-mo and you're like you just hold
this face for awhile
are you kidding that board was like one
it just shows the strength of that
skateboard there was a revived or I'm
not trying to like shamelessly plug my
brand here but I'm really proud why see
that clip because no board should bend
at that that angle and not break that
being said that's awesome but all of
that stress and pressure was going right
in to Carlos's thigh okay and I've seen
Carlos's thighs okay I don't know where
I'm going with this I'm just saying I've
seen them and next time I see him I'm
gonna like having to say dude I'm sorry
thigh Carlos's thigh because you went
through some painful times brother all
right Carlos says left I think this is
left one my gosh all of that pressure
was just trying to smash into Carlos's
leg and it did oh how do I make noises
like that and sadly this isn't one of
those Falls that I'm like don't worry he
was fine because he was not I mean he
kept on skating in he landed this trick
but he wasn't fine okay do you see the
look on his face
look at that look at that pain okay you
know when someone's just sitting there
holding their body with that look on
their face you're like oh okay well we
go he is in pain and I feel sorry for
him hey hey hey I was in this look of
pain is one of those things that like I
feel like anyone can relate you because
there's a lot of skate Falls where
people are like oh yeah your woods get
up and they don't actually know that it
hurts a lot because skateboarding is not
a painless things he pretty hurts all
right this look on his face tells
everybody exactly how much that hurt
share that to the freaking high school
football player let's make it funny yeah
all right
nothing against football I'm just saying
the guy that's saying your whoops get up
you don't know dude you see Nyjah
foglight walk walk walk
I'm just saying okay anyone from other
sports he's showing this thing like oh
yeah okay that guy's in pain man you
respect why is respect it's funny how
there's like a sort of respect thing
with you've endured enough pain or like
all manye that got broke his arm respect
look what if he didn't break his arm you
know don't respect him because he hasn't
been in pain it's a weird concept okay
put on your fridge with a Magnus I don't
know why you do that but do it but yeah
it's an intense look it is an intense
look in fact if think the dictionary
because it when it says painters
projects have that picture of Carlos or
like you know like it's like you can't
talk and you're like how does it feel
give me a scale from 1 to 10 you just
hold up Carlos's face you're like hey oh
this is how much it hurts right here
yeah doctors everywhere be like oh okay
I got you I'm gonna write this down
Carlos face for level of pain I have to
say he did take it like a man okay and
I've said this thing in the past and
everyone's like come on man just 2016
man up take it like a man and I'm saying
he took it like a man because he is in
fact a man if he was not a man if he had
no wiener okay if he had the other stuff
I would say he took it like a woman
because then he would be a woman she you
know I'm saying in a way come on it's
2016 people use your brain either way
okay Carlos looking like a man okay and
if his twin sister did it she would have
to you later woman probably because they
have the same pain threshold this is
this imaginary sister that I'm creating
Carlos right now again he might have a
sister I know and another weird thing
about this fall is it's almost this is
gonna be mean to stay but it's about
time Carlos fell okay
have seen him fall before I've never
seen him get hurt like this and I don't
actually want this to happen to him but
he is so good at skateboarding that now
it makes a little bit of sense and now
it seems human that guy is insane on a
skateboard like does things under
sunlight it just doesn't make sense how
it's that easy for him like he did a
clip for his video part his upcoming
video part and I filmed it and it was
first try like I didn't get a chance to
get a hold of the filming I was like I
hope that looked good enough for you and
even he was happy with it but my gosh
Carlos lost ro is actually human and
this bendy board clip showed proves it
okay
no he's not an alien although it would
make sense of us oh my gosh but no that
is Carlos Carlos is an awesome dude and
one of the most talented skateboarders
I've ever witnessed in my life he's a
great friend of mine and he's one of my
favorite people to film so I'm gonna
give you a little cut of just who the
real Carlos is check it out that was the
best all the way he ever could have had
cool I just lost five bucks
that was like five bucks first try there
you go Thanks five dollar bills just go
over the heel flip Wow well you
definitely deserved that five dollars
gosh he clipped I heard that my Jeff
here
whoo
I hope you guys dug that but now we have
to band together okay we gotta help
Carlos out he's actually in the running
he's in the number one top spot for SLS
trick of the year which gets us some
serious dough and he's truly deserves it
so if you want to help out there's a
link right down there click it and go
through the process what do you have to
do but vote for Carlos to keep him in
the runnings that could really change
his life if he got this in a great way
and he definitely deserves it he's just
out there killing it giving it 110% at
all times I love this dude check it out
and then also he has a lot of content
over on Nigel who filmed this nka here
on YouTube so there'll be a link for his
channel right down there as well but
mainly go vote for Carlos and that's it
I hope you guys dug all of that this was
fall Friday I do these every once in a
while where I just review Falls and rant
and rave about it I hope you guys were
entertained I've got to go jump on a
trampoline with Sam Taber so I'm an
appropriately don't you put him in the
hot seat but if you want to see more
from me cuca subscribe button I do daily
videos now how let's see it with Sam
Tabor cm Tina how are you doing today
I've got a question for you
did you know that yeah all right so it's
late at night and you're feeling weird
what do you cover your body head to toe
it toothpaste and corn flakes
okay you shut up right now first I was
all record - it doesn't me telling you
Sam is shut up he didn't know that I was
filming so he should he didn't I
shouldn't have talked to him like that
I'm a jerk but not that song I'm a jerk
who writes that song like he sat down I
won't be sat down and write lyrics like
how about the catch the course you're a
jerk times 10 how many times they say it
we're done here he made so much money
