YouTube what is up guys I am doing
something that anything about it too
long but I've been thinking about it I'm
doing a hand boarding video I've done a
hand boarding very little so I kind of
suck at it and I'm just gonna do as many
tricks as I can for you guys I'm gonna
start with black round and I might do
more videos and this guy I'll probably
bring this guy on later in the the show
in the video drawn a duck you're drawing
a duck cuz he's a really good hand
boarder and you should check his channel
out the will what was that
way to ruin a shot right hand boards are
something that tech tech made a long
time ago and then he's like again the
juban you name again it's a DNA hand
Borg which is I do not think this
company exists anymore but either way
I'm gonna revive and force this up I
already started it but then I thought I
was like I should show you guys me
sticking it up so I'm gonna grab some
stickers and I'm gonna make my own
revive graphic slash force okay so here
it is this is what it looks like right
now um I got I think I'm gonna make it
all red appropriately so right it'd be a
crime if I didn't so I got some new four
stickers somebody in the skull so I'm
gonna put a skull here I already got the
skull here and then I'm gonna put revive
right here hopefully just fill in the
blanks with some of this excess red so
let's do that
it's coming along pretty good so far and
actually now I think about this this is
we're coming out really cool so I'm
going to tell you a little more detailed
how I've been doing this you put the
stickers on the board how you want to
and then you pretty much just grind it
off with the grip tape and I very rarely
had to use my razor blade at all I'm
kind of making a revive hand board
that's pretty sweet so if you want to do
this yourself all you got to do is get
one off eBay I think this one was like
25 bucks you could probably find a few
of them on there and then you know you
get the stickers you want to you lay
them in the fashion that you want to I
mean these these combo of force and
revive stickers worked out awesome and
then you pretty much just start put it
on there overlap it how you want to and
then scratch the excess off with a piece
of grip tape that's why I'm trying to
say ah and it's turned out really cool
and then you could like right here I got
a gap right there I'm just gonna make a
small sticker and put it right there by
using my razor blade so and you are use
yours but please be safe but this is
really awesome and I will try to do some
hand boarding after this I assure you I
wasn't actually meaning for this video
to be such a big assembly so but I'm
really psyched on how it's going out so
I had to kind of give you guys some help
right there so there you go how to make
your own hand board graphic but let's
finish this
okay so with this with overlapping I
basically just take a razor blade and
carefully cut it out so the sticker that
I want showing is razor blades are
insanely sharp so be careful with them
if you're young you can always ask your
parent to do it I like to think that if
someone out there is parent they not use
race but here's that scratching I'm
talking about
okay see see this same thing every year
use my razor blade cutting it around the
circle that is the skull sticker and you
don't got to be super precise just you
know make sure it doesn't look sloppy of
course but like that it's kind of line
but still looks pretty circular you
can't tell griptape time almost done I
just got to fill in that little gap that
I'm talking about so I cut a small
square rectangle it's actually a
rectangle can you see it that's it
look at this my revived hand board this
is so awesome
the edges are pretty nice I mean like
with any sticker of course it's gonna
have some like peel to it so going over
it with the grip tape similar how you
grip by actual skateboard um kind of
helps it it might help likes really get
the sticker onto the edge there there it
is guys I'm gonna show this to Brian
Eames and I'm gonna see him react Bry
names would you like one of these I love
one of those they're company that makes
us Wow yeah we're bugging them right
yeah we're talking we already did if you
want to go bug Technic even more go to
tech tech at at Tech tech on Instagram
and say revive finger boards okay slash
hand boards please yes look at it it's
amazing Technic it's a good fit let's do
this yeah how are you doing I'm working
alright cool so I'm gonna totally mess
around see if I do some tricks on this
and then I'll do like a full video of
how much I probably suck that a hand
board I'm gonna clean my workspace I
just actually made a video I was like
totally wasn't meaning to make a how to
make your own hand board graphic video
but I did let's get down to business
that was actually pretty good ollie I
mean like fingerboarding is one thing
and boarding is tough
Oh kick the oh no I've never got healed
look I need a saber saber so good there
we go
that was it
I'm gonna hit myself in the face you
know how your foot touches in escape
wearing my hand totally thoughts I'm
gonna get a better I'm getting I'm
getting much better this fast if that
wasn't perfect I don't know what it was
boom I'm should not be this excited for
a hand for tree all right let's go back
Barry flip right car one three free book
mmm got cleaned up there was EE that was
laughs I was it I'm starting to sweat
it's spoilery not supposed to sweat when
your hand boarding that was it gosh this
is way more physically exerting than I
thought I mean am I guess I'm moving
around but like I'm hunched over so that
doesn't feel good Wow all right cover
the hard blue no well was it perfect
let's go swish swish flip awful on it
pretty much how my switch flips look
like it real it may only get any better
right now
I'll even possibly be funny maybe not
double whoop
now it's pretty good back set foot yeah
that one was good last trick cat fur and
that was it so there you guys go
that was me that was the first time I
actually had a hand board session in my
life so uh I actually I'm getting the
hang of it a little better because the
first few times I did it off camera I
was like I am a horrible Disney I hope
you guys dug the little tutorial video
on how to make your own hand board
graphic I wasn't meaning to do this at
the beginning so uh if you guys did like
this video give it a thumbs up but let
me know in the comments and I will do
another one maybe I'll go into straight
quarters and actually do it on some
ramps and rails it's like that have you
had fun uh yeah I'm new to this this is
a alien to me but there you guys go
hope you guys dug it and if anyone does
bug Technic thank you very much we'd
love to actually make reviving his hand
board so you wouldn't have to make your
own like I just did thank you guys for
watching video I will see you in the
future the Chur and uh Oh for the bonus
clip I did say I was gonna make Sam do
something so I'll uh I'll show you him
doing a few tricks but that's the bonus
clip so after the outro and as always
hit the subscribe button if you want to
see more for me but thank you guys for
watching you rule
Hey what it's the bonus club oh how
jealous are you that I have this ham
board I like mine better there's no way
you do I do
what does it have on it has Sam Taber
stickers all over it that's just dumb
well hey you gotta do a trick for the
bone split man I'll do a thing all right
no I do it the whole way I can do it
over here or not one trick cuz this is a
low trick okay this is the weirdest spot
to do it in Wow okay one guys this sink
is stained and was stained before we got
it that's why it looks gross no it
wasn't you didn't mean to do that I
don't know
I'll land a primo again you
cheese what's headed that was the
dumbest no yeah it's all right though
so you'll see more when I when I do my
if I do a hand board video where I
actually do something here you'll see
more of him okay you'll see more
sandpaper give it a like give me that
back I have a problem you just punch me
in the face
no you like punched my hand with your
face say goodbye goodbye
