oh my generally terrified you slice
yourself oh that was disturbing I was so
disturbed warehouse Wednesday their
house Wednesday let's get some building
on man no we're not gonna get building
Jax is way sharper than who's gonna be
dull the sound of it I was like that was
actually scary I know amazing why are we
walking
we're walking cuz these guys are out
here you think these guys are important
whether they're kind of not what we're
doing today yeah super an important
people I mean there will be important
eventually become be yeah don't be a bi
Lilian what's happening what's happening
uh today is a great day okay you know
why it's a great day sunny is because
it's literally a great day and we'll go
easy we're gonna go around Forest
Products that's we're gonna do okay its
fourth fall release day okay yeah so
it's force fault release day and it's a
Friday today is a Tuesday
today's but but then they're watching it
on a Wednesday and it's coming out on
that front but no to Milan Saturday so
Friday has nothing to do with it
medal technically you're right yeah so
what we're gonna do is we're gonna go
inside
Brian Ames and I are gonna tell you
about some little bit escape products ok
say it Brian a little-bitty skate
products I'm kidding they're full-sized
their full-size we're gonna go in there
we're gonna talk about them and then
these gentlemen are gonna do some
skateboarding because my ankle sucks
Little People is not offensive
I feel good asking little people no I
know that's a correct term hey axe man
let's go inside if anybody wants to
stomp Brian Ames now's the time just
stop his face
okay never get on Alex's bad side let's
go I'm gonna put this little I'm gonna
put this right here all right Casey what
are we gonna talk about today forest
products and forest product education
okay this is education for Carthage it
is education we're educating right
fourth fourth he's set forth I'm gonna
play that back and see we did for
education oh we got a baseball head
no baby baseball bat okay so what's the
first thing you want to talk about
Bryan's wheels no no this yeah I'm just
saying like Harry Potter 7 could be
called and the fourth shirt this is a
black shirt so it is the fall okay it is
the fall and you get it cuz Deathly
Hallows alright so this is this is a
skull you see it it's actually inside
your head at the same time right back
there there's a skull and it's on this
shirt now okay he's got a force I like
to think that he's wearing headphones
and this is what it looks like on the
outside you've ever made and we've made
yet alright you should you should put it
on Alex will you please put it on him
like put it on on his body weight I was
too small are you saying he would finish
and the second shirt is it's a red
t-shirt I like every bird is the Reaper
team I like to think that this is kind
of misfit see okay it's not it's kind of
new to this it is a little misfit see
which makes me like it also it's red and
I can wear it actually have that in red
too but I haven't worn yet this one
doesn't really make that much sense yet
did you get it wall made this team wait
here I got to change the lighting is it
alright there we go that's better
let's make a little more sense with you
once I show you all the these are a
bunch of animals that's a really deep
ocean
beep superfast took a 50-footer deep
ocean hold on I gotta wipe Casey's nose
off my lens the white t-shirt film ate
it got a collection animals on it what
are the odds if you actually walked onto
the scene what would you think in real
life
where's my mom the raccoon is the only
one that like really doesn't make sense
there but like there could be a monkey
and a snake and a shark all existing in
tracks Oscar the Grouch it's possible
it's cool though I like his wacky wacky
here's one Eiffel Tower where's my mom
freakin Henley it's a Henley which I
didn't know was a thing it's a
bulletproof netting yes right disclaimer
this was a disclaimer
you are certainly a pool of getting shot
in this shirt do not get shot don't get
in a situation where you can get shot I
feel like this is one Celine Dion might
wear when she was in Titanic
no I didn't I wasn't listening right
you've already won this year and or
maybe was you wearing it don't worry no
you weren't
okay oh you did to me yesterday to see
Eric at the copy's your cold outside
okay you're freezing what do you do next
good hoodie nice segue huh my segue not
the segue that it's like rolling by like
an idiot the segue will remove to the
next product
all right this is like a medium-weight
hoodie okay see these lightweight zip
ups remember when you could just say
it's a hoodie anything gonna tell some
how much it weighed it's still pretty
light is it light or medium it's a
medium really gonna keep you at warmish
and he says force wheels which that's
cool oh and it's got a slash but I like
to think okay so I like to think that
this slash was sitting on the beach and
not a human sitting on the beach like a
piece of trash okay with the water and
the Sun just got to it now it looks like
this and now it's on your hoodie
interesting way to go about that Sam
Terry's gonna talk about some wheels and
Brian Ames you got save it alive because
Casey's getting about some stickers
what's the name of the sticker pack
handy um banana juice it's not no it is
it's not look at the website banana
juice it's not what does it go banana
juice look at how some of these arteries
they're pretty good okay so continuing
along with the creepiness of this season
they kinda go with the wheels this one
does right here oh I need to take this
call have you guys just take the camera
I gotta take a call on Friday I think my
my wife gets home at like 2:00 it's it's
a whole its its fall it's creepy
it's Scully okay not Mulder show us
there's three stickers in this pack
we're still following the model of the
4-3-3 yeah so you get four of the
Scully's call stickers the distress the
beach the beaten the beach washed washed
up beach the crappy piece of trash on
beach you're not gonna call your product
crap you piece of trash we're not and
then the catacomb all right we're gonna
start with some of the creepier wheels
all right come to bit five what are the
names these are gonna be the Reaper
wheels I was gonna call them the Crimson
ghost
trademark nope Tripp Marquis so rebirth
little Reaper guy in there 52 and 55 I
can get this look how cool it looks
that's a cool looking sock I mean I did
not even mean to say that I meant to say
we have it's a wheel it's a wheel -
absolute wheel and it comes in what
sizes 52 and 55 gnarly these are a fan
favorite they are I think I hope there
won't be I mean I think it's the only
ones people know about is why catacombs
catacombs and 53 if you're ever low on
skulls this shoe what do I keep saying
that this wheel has like a like a
hundred skulls on it I'm not counting
what it could it could have close to 100
sometimes it's more like 40 but someone
by my count someone is going to let us
know that yeah they will speaking of
skulls
go wheel scollay comes in 52 and 54 yeah
this is proudly sponsored by the x-files
seasons or not these are the the wheels
that I was getting on my board right now
Williams 50 millimeter skull wheels are
good wheels II Scully Scully
sometimes you're skateboarders sometimes
you're a professional skateboarder okay
are you know well somebody is somebody
somebody somebody somebody is Jason is a
professional skateboarder all right
Jason City Park these ago both of these
now because they come in different color
ways cuz Phil's awesome GP your awesome
to fulfill you many different colors so
you have to pee did the scollay series
though there's coming in 52 and 53 this
is another rock star look at that little
snake okay
does he like snakes no Jason Park oh
okay well we thought he did so we made
snakes on his wheels and it says Park
because that's his last name
his middle name is actually city a from
city park yeah that's us but as his name
so many people believe that now sorry
Jason I showed these wheels to Johnny
and shines like I have a wheel coming
out need it I'm like yes you do my
friend Johnny for some reason is
obsessed with raccoons
I mean Johnny's peanut Records deferred
automatically if there was a like shred
quarters game of Mortal Kombat I think
you would actually try to fight a
raccoon I strongly dislike raccoons but
Johnny likes them so would you hit up
the records in a wheel would you hit him
with a fire ball
I would he probably thinks it's a
vegetable they come to 5150 to my wrists
not vibrating he's calling me my mom
5150 ones
Johnny's wheel very good Aaron frickin
car oh yes they could hear it juices
back it's not he's got a monkey and
believe it or not he's not flicking off
those bananas he's just pointing to them
it looks like he is it kind of does but
he's not see it's hard to get the
lighting but yeah there's Aaron Kyra
monkey 52 and 54 if you guys want to see
these pictures up close just go to the
website and they'll be on there Doug
like some sharks new actor but he's got
wheels with jets on them these comes in
50 I believe it is 50 yes 50 and 52 yeah
there's a shark right here and then
there's a boat and there's his name and
you swam away he's gonna be the next
wheels and I'm reading I like these a
lot now that I'm looking at them I don't
believe you when it comes to what wheels
you're riding I think you he's getting
there in Cairo's personally no that is
the fall line of force wheels I hope you
guys dug 'its that'll be up on the Shred
quarters calm on Saturday at midnight so
technically Friday night that's where
Friday comes in finally so because that
gets there'll be a link right down there
in the info if you want to check it out
the pictures should be on there by now
if they're not they'll be there very
soon they'll be there they'll be there
it says Brian Ames but we are going to
do some tricks for you I'm gonna film
these guys whoever wants do a few tricks
for YouTube's viewing pleasure is gonna
happen right now I mean okay I'm gonna
put my glasses have you a dumb idea
because I can't see that well I was
gonna
kilolitres now but I didn't yeah out of
a job Sam Tabor starting out right here
right now Sambora Oh JC hug yourself man
that guy right there
I filmed that dumb but Friday's just as
good
that was so good dude that was a very
precise playing trick that was amazing
I'm pretty sure nobody's high-fives made
sound maybe Casey's this Saturday take
you late Friday night the force fall
line is live thing guys for all your
support and we're psyched to keep making
it up right for you guys right is that
something it's a I'm definitely supposed
to keep a good product that's fun but
hope you guys like it we'll be back with
a normal warehouse Wednesday next week
that is all guys you guys have a good
day
and here's Brian Eames hi I do is that
your go-to anytime I say here at running
probably yeah all right right on yes
music outro
Sam's gonna do a new frontside flip
all right you did it first try you get a
high-five
it made the sound it made sound yeah
mate sound this is a lot of shoebox this
isn't it
ish it's getting there it's because we
have shoes yeah we always had shoes we
just got Italian thanks to this guy this
guy is the dude that called
soul tech up and said send us some s
shoes yeah we lied to you guys but there
are a ton of shoes at the Droid course
are going but anyways yeah so our
holiday orders for shoes are coming in
and so we have about about half of them
got like 5,000 shoes we have a lot of
shoes that are coming but their core D
thousand we hiding out order 40,000
shoes
