get over here looking for vases we are
back again yeah where what do you want
to do today do we gonna go choice
yeah how about we go being on them to
door banging on some computers yeah that
is a wild idea who Oh
bye pineapples goodbye now
we're back yeah yes we all want some
nachos man out no i guess again i'm have
to pull it all we can have some i think
we've had some need a ah
we're busted boy where did your mother
go you better find her because if you
don't I'm gonna make this face whoa
can't we do i you know what i wanted to
cook a bunch of vegetables and just
gobbled up I saw my Pikmin you were play
Pikmin I want right in ha ha ha how how
about you get the doctor man why do you
want your nacho dude Oh Robert all right
let's go get some nachos and that
nothing we do that we get to go home
yeah we're gonna make some Mario Party
you all right Mario Party
oh yeah what do you wanna do today man
no I want to do this to face
you're a blueberry face you're good I'm
a dog
look your dog now red these are dogs
okay class no they're clearly frogs
they're your sword now I am
oh my gosh you're you trying to eat me
don't eat me Oh Oh got him oh yeah oh
yeah
try to look tough while wearing this why
you rocked it way better than I did
hey ride and guess what
what I totally fell into a melting box
of Crayola Crayons that's what I happen
to me what are you they don't I told you
a joke man
don't I'm serious don't do that we need
to see in the dark I don't get that way
all right here we go
what do you see Rudd hey just bang your
head down your head
what is seated you we do have did you
have any help well you really see that
right here yeah cool hey man no Hey look
I'm Brian Eames are you Brian aim is now
I don't know out on that yeah that's a
good observation we need a Reds head
don't we
okay yeah bad news redden we're out of
tacos Oh
okay dude um too bad dad um do we do how
he chewed up yeah I'm okay with it no
chicken right right right look
how you doing man okay there you guys go
I hope you liked our goofy space swap
slash weird filter video do you have fun
making those videos I'm so fun aren't
they
he actually want to do another one of
these and I was like it's due time for
another father-son face swap so hope you
guys enjoying it we're actually going to
go through here just so you guys get
your videos worth rection go through and
read and respond to some comments from a
recent video we did and I believe the
last video I did with him on my channel
as we film this hold on but it is a four
year old meets monkey do you member meet
and boo thank you he was cute wasn't he
just like you you're chewed all right
hold on you can push the video push the
video
boom all right and we're not gonna watch
it we're gonna scroll down here and
we're just gonna reply to some your
comments Joby O'Brien says love your
vids can you say thank you to Joby thank
you never say it right there hey go dog
a Thank You Joby my voice moaning at
what did you do if I always talk like
that
alright ninja who was just here says boo
that's that send noose says how to tie
Moss get a pet monkey and uh you can go
through people who like it is legal to
buy them here in the United States but
it is insane to actually own want to
take care of one they take a lot of work
and uh Pete is actually a Pete Thais dad
one actually that has boo and he is so
great with him and say he's kind of like
dedicated his life to boo and they've an
awesome relationship so it's really cool
so don't just go buy a monkey unless you
are willing to actually give that monkey
a life they actually look twice as long
at least capuchins do as a pet than they
do out in the wild so it's if you give
them the right life it's it's awesome
for them I like a monkey in a lot too
again you're gonna get a monkey and name
it boo again could you please just name
it boo again not boo like boo again feel
like that just boo what all right mage
meatloaf says this is the best thing
ever happy ride and a happy monkey and
ties dad's shirts as the Moss family
good video awesome okay thank you very
much page meatloaf alias bourgeois says
you should give that monkey a GoPro and
see what he films that's a mate that's
an absolute great idea
Pete please do that with a gut with boom
ridin Matthew check says I don't think
anyone can see this without smiling
ear-to-ear that's very nice
I'm glad that you think that Matthew uh
Alex Jones says why do you have your
Halloween decorations up and why do we
have your homeland generations oh is
that quite Halloween but we love
Halloween
Thanksgiving and Christmas the whole
holiday season and my wife just started
going at it she only has it right there
on the mantel so she hasn't like gone
crazy yet but I'm in full support of
that because I love the how like the
Halloween and the beginning of all of
the holidays so back I back it well if
you broke the door in the ghost mother's
house you fix that
Bastien shrimp says Ryden was so quiet
and respectful for a four-year-old
meeting a monkey you did a lot of things
right handy Anna
ah that means a lot to hear this guy
right here is the most important thing
in my life and that's my first job in
front of everything is just treating
this guy right and raising him to have a
head on shoulder so thank you that means
a lot and on top of that head will be
his foot apparently you almost got it on
there yep there it is told you
tanto 22 says it's his birthday today
you want to say happy birthday Tonto
happy birthday card oh yeah that's what
I was thinking I birthday dude the bits
production says boobers riding game of
skate who do you think win your bill
bill
I would actually go with you on that one
I think you'd win the Amos cave live for
flavor says greatest video on internet
well that's a compliment
thank you very much Ethan bus well says
can't wait to ride in his older and can
watch all these are you gonna watch out
your videos when you get older you just
watch them all okay
you know what yeah yeah oh with boo you
can do that too Ben Anderson says pure
does overload as you talked about you
have you you start about you and Boo is
brick you viniq says imagine of humans
eat banana ate bananas like that I do
eat bananas like gotta just tear them
apart with my teeth that's what I do it
back though yes
you don't to ask me to go to the
bathroom boom you just say dad going
bathroom and then dad's gonna sit here
talking to you too balloon
areare let's do like two more come on
c'mere Aiden Raymond says ridin says
he's four but he lifts up five fingers I
didn't notice that that's pretty cute
how many is for reading there you go
nailed it nailed it uh Matt blood says
what's the mark on the little dudes
cheek and ride and fell down and got to
hurt
he's a four year old that's what happens
you're tough right yeah so that is it
thank you guys for watching our video
hope you guys liked the face swapping if
you guys want to see a third face swap
video we may do one down the road so
we're gonna give this video a thumbs up
if you want to we I do daily videos here
on YouTube so subscribe if you want to
see more from me and I will see you guys
tomorrow and then this guy is in a lot
of my videos aren't you we let we have
fun making them oh yeah all right so you
guys have a good day and we will see you
tomorrow
I can't look at myself naked what I
don't know I feel baby I know you can
look at yourself naked but that's a
weird thing to say
hey you too bye you guys doing what you
want dude I think we should probably
erase this from our memories because
this is disturbing
