that was low impact I mean to touch the
ground at all my hand is suddenly
what's up guys that was a handful of
skate footage that I have been saving up
some of it may have been on other
people's channel some of it just didn't
see the light of day or has been on
Instagram and now I put it all together
so you guys can watch here on YouTube
and just to make this video a little
more full I'm going to respond some
comments on some reason YouTube videos
not that one
well maybe that one but I'm starting
with ultimate giant bottle flipping
trick shots which is doing pretty good a
lot of you guys are watching it and uh
stop talking Andy and we go through your
comments here's my name okay first off
to every single person that commented I
lost it no no that guy actually knew
what he was talking about like Don's
milky he was like Charlie isn't Street
Fighter I know so much that chun-li is
in street fighter I said it to get a
reaction on people but boy did I get a
reaction to people it's like yeah it was
a sort of thing if I was like I was like
Oh Mario I love that dude you play Metal
Gear Solid you know like some like that
you know chun-li is it isn't Street
Fighter I didn't know yeah there you go
all right so everybody I know my gosh
and if you guys are bored respond to
everybody on the comment threads like he
knows dingo this is actually a really
fun video to make grant bracken wants to
do another one yes like a handful of
videos he is like becoming the bottom
flip guy on youtube the multi tasker
tutorials says and east Rock spelled
wrong could you please reply would make
my day and let's see if I did - this -
yeah I can dude hello and now you're in
the videos so Hector Hernandez says my
school banned water bottles because
everyone kept flipping them that's
amazing it's me it's funny because it's
not a new thing like we bought it
flipped at school you know like it's
it's like the oldest thing it's a
cavemen I would probably it doesn't I
would just get everybody in the school
like let's start pencil flipping or
something you know like like just let
start folder flipping folder flipping
yeah something I would annoy this school
no offense to known to teachers and they
rounded up oh my gosh
bunny says what kind of shoes are Andy
wearing or is Andy wearing I don't know
let me look at him
oh I'm wearing the Xcel Slim's yeah
black Excel Slim's you guys the guys
over Braille my childhood failures have
inspired me to get back and just who's
this childhood failures leave us a my
childhood failure subscribing to get
back into skateboarding you should do
some how-to videos I actually already
have some how-to videos and Braille has
a ton there are pretty much a how-to
video for everything about skateboarding
but and I'm super stoked you're getting
back in this case it's like the greatest
thing ever I get emails like that all
the time and it's like the best thing
yeah that is one of the core things
reason so I have fun and enjoy it and I
do have some more how-to ideas so stay
tuned limbless reptile says WTF is this
channel anymore and uh it's exactly what
it has been season beginning I have
always done whatever random video I want
to do in fact it was probably weirder
when I started you know like all the way
weirder yeah like so if you haven't been
watching that long on my channel clearly
so my channel is what it is is whatever
I want it to be sorry a limbless reptile
you gotta cool I'm gonna feel sorry for
the reptiles I was cool cool sounding
man the world in a channel I just
snapped one of my trucks I don't believe
you because well maybe Tom commented on
his phone like it like he just snapped
it and then he watched this video and
just commented that maybe that sucks I'm
sorry dude the Gungans sympathizer says
am I the only one who doesn't really
like the guy behind the camera nothing
gets in personally I guess I just don't
like the new people the guy who is
actually behind the camera right now
here he is would say yeah that dudes the
worst you are yeah or he is no look at
my comment oh you comin yeah oh you said
you're the worst yeah yeah Wow and then
do you see what he said no what'd he say
he said oh alright you're actually
pretty cool much respect that's pretty
much that's pretty much how it goes yeah
it says never mind for respect way to be
cool about it well at least you guys
figure that out and uh see if it is a
good dude you Billy I'm calling him
Billy today's YouTube comments or
especially I think I like to think gun
getting sympathizers is cool too is that
like Duncan's like Jar Jar Binks Gungans
you think alright we're gonna switch out
videos Brian what video do you wanna
comment on you like how might one your
own sure of 540 cable wanna cruise the
set though says Brian's 540 flips are
like me trying trade flips which means
you almost have three flips so good luck
with it three flips are a magical
feeling once you have that 540 flips are
the worst thing in the world don't do
them mr. farmer 1997 says Brad
146 years old I'm not I'm 32 I know but
I put your like your birthdate like it's
really old on your gravestone oh yeah
you know what this is a good question
and I want to talk to you of you do you
skate with your phone in your pocket no
cuz you shouldn't no you should not yeah
I do it occasionally if I'm like tribe
you lazy and just you know but no don't
don't skip you were trying a line for
your part today oh hey can I get the car
keys you just like oh yeah there cuz the
car the key was in your pocket my wallet
my wallet I will but now my phone cuz
I'm gonna fall and break it goddess Gaea
says instead of actually swearing I
wonder how use ocean from now on thank
you by names I think people thought you
were gonna say something else but he was
saying oh shin cuz he hit his shin yeah
he wasn't trying to cover up a cover-up
a curse word at all he would have just
cursed if he wanted to like Ryan feed
says films him to a bar eating a banana
I never want to do that I MUC eboo is
the only thing that I want to film
eating banana Henner's 405 9 says Andy
you're an amazing youtuber thank you for
the blessing internet with your face and
Brian's beard and thank you I'm glad
that you like seeing us like ring-dings
huckleberry ham says are you Mormon nope
Gabe said uh says you're a beard and I
escaped word says you retard I don't
know who he's talking to but thank you
and you suck yeah snicklefritz says and
then you take his trick from him WTF the
point we passed it off yeah he wanted he
wanted me to do it right and what it
wanted to make it happen and I was
trying it for so long and hardly walk
and so we I was like I know Andy can do
it so I actually had a different idea
and then he mentioned me doing it I was
like I can do it I at least I thought I
could he wasn't going to do it because I
didn't want to take my trick and I told
him to do it so it would happen
that's how I window they took me he gave
me more trouble I said how many times I
stick it so good I stuck it like 30
times like bolts and I just kept
slipping out it's a tough trick I think
it's better I think it's easier to do on
a real board it might be yeah how many
times is Brian have to do this warehouse
ones they keep at it
this one oh that one I'm doing three and
he's done it was a true hold on it was a
trilogy I'm gonna but I'm gonna do that
I'm gonna do it someday he's gonna
randomly appear in a video and yeah we
all fly off John he'll last was alright
otherwise when John Hill subscribe
and I relied I replied something to
everything followed you on Instagram
book Oh twin Sturm book I got Twitter in
there yeah all right good
hey you guys were one thank you guys for
watching I hope you got to like the
skating and then the little comments and
answering thing they replied that we did
I do daily videos here and using simply
whatever the subscribe button want to
see more for me and I will see you
tomorrow and that's it
I'm gonna go film dog do a trick
hopefully alright first try first try I
didn't do it
look at this look at it dog I did it hey
you didn't get it all right
say goodbye Doug come on Doug
