hey guys that was a way to excited about
hey I'm gonna start this over again hey
guys what's up it is my 19200 the video
I said 919 I don't know I'm gonna say
nineteen nineteen hundred the video I
know with the number on my page might be
a little weird but I don't know the
number that I see on my like dashboard
says a nineteen hundred so I'm gonna go
buy that is a lot of YouTube videos that
I have made thank you guys for watching
them it means the world seriously like
I'm so thankful that I get to do this
day and day and day and day and onward
just it's a life I'd ever thought
existed I know I say this all the time
and I'm all cheesy but I mean it and
what I do every time I had 100 videos I
do a recap of the last 100 videos on my
channel so I'm gonna get to that I hope
you guys enjoy it
and I will see you tomorrow because I do
daily videos here so hit the subscribe
button if you want to see more for me
enjoy your day
and watch these clips Fred Novak alright
get over there
Oh
this dude all right if you had to go
back in time and rename yourself you got
to choose it not your mom what would you
name yourself
I'd go with tiny wiener commander for
sure that's the one that's definitely
the 100% the one
let's show everyone where you hit your
head what happened your face what you
owe your face planet yeah yes you did
you near that was happening didn't you
oh oh it's warrants I'm kind of nice in
porn
because
so gross names don't kiss bra your
name's yeah
don't care
life today this is a life here not
coffee at it did that actually hit your
nuts oh wait no I'm not ready okay
oh no I got it I got it right in that
freaking ear oh oh it's like the Titanic
no let's try this again right in all
right you ready right in the face no
don't wipe it on me oh I can't see
alright go 55 nah it's to be next year
okay this is the greatest thing that's
ever happened my face it is them don't
know any of those people but I told them
Oh we'll take that that was good
weird high-fiving you're here I'll hug
you mom just did a three show freakout
you like him no Fiona make friends
your thing is like alright that's how
good it is I mean girls dig it when you
look like a potato I do have some news I
was talking I'm putting together my
skateboard I think today's theme is
gonna be lies I'm just gonna tell a
bunch of Lies segues might be my
favorite thing in the world I love it
when people talk politics on Facebook
John Hill is a horribly unkind person
with no heart that is whoa
there you go I think you got a jump
higher sounds pretty good but you'll get
it will come back okay you owe me
good job
do it hahahaha alright
