warehouse I got nailed right here the
other however many missed me Wednesday
this today's warehouse Wednesday is
going to be among one of the fun
everyone else where oh yeah it's really
good cuz I know what's gonna happen you
know what's gonna happen I know it's
gonna have this guy does not know what's
gonna happen
beating okay okay there's a ball meeting
today today put that today you're gonna
warm up you're gonna do three tricks not
one of them is gonna be manual because
you're really good at those and I want
to do something else we want we want you
to be warm in an unnatural way that's
and then you have to do three tricks all
around the warehouse okay we're gonna
tell you what they are
okay you're gonna have 12 minutes to do
that how much get $25 if you do this in
12 men in 12 minutes but the catch is if
you don't land it like first try no no
every single time you miss it we get to
throw your board I run ahead so you're
gonna be miss your trick I'm gonna show
that board across the warehouse for any
reason gonna to go get it we're not
trying to like crush your life or not
going to stop it sorry we're gonna
damage why just give away my skateboards
man right that's a good point 20 but if
you win 20 bucks and a board all right
20 bucks to the board sounds good yeah
and if you don't did you just have a
damaged board but we're I'm not gonna
try to ship it oh that's gross doesn't
fun to touch now I can't even grab it
this is disgusting vini won that ball
now I'll take it was so muddy beanie
you got three tricks that do not require
manual what you gonna do anywhere you
let me pick sure at least for the
O'Brien names comes in like talking
about stuff yes just warm up shirts yeah
I mean but you can't I do like a 180 on
the ground okay we would say take a hike
it has to be a hike like you'd have to
take a hike dude just make it legit it's
a warm-up trick make it my legs are make
it like leji
like almost legit you know legend you're
overthinking I'm all you're just doing a
backflip in the mini ramp I'll switch
flip over the flat bar switch flip over
the flat bar there you go you think I'll
do the first track no I don't you don't
I think it'll do
I think it will do it first shot that
you do it first right - yeah that manual
yeah I think now is the time where a job
what to do yeah you want to make him do
a trick on the baby hubba yeah not a
50-50 not a 15 you know what I've never
seen him do it 50/50 180 what you do if
it even Z 180 doing a weird have you
ever seen him do anything like that have
you seen him do like a nope apply like
triple heelflip Reaver yes yeah he's
waxing his kingpin yes
this was actually like a 1440 I've never
seen no that's why I picked it up they
haven't received me that trick now I
want to you to do one of those no comply
weird things no comply you know what you
do you like you hit it and does like I
was like a 1080 flip and you land and
Switchfoot just do this one of your
Wizards Rees on the manual pad or
something sure do it on that I'm talking
about like he does tricks I don't even
know how to explain yeah we both
skateboard we just don't speak that
language
make sure you watch your tail for this I
just don't like it to give at all I get
to be slick when it hits it I like it
did you ever like if you can't sleep at
night so you wax your pillow is that a
thing I fall asleep it blacks on my
pocket all the time and I'll get up and
this be from and you sleep better right
no you sleep way smoother no
Wow doing a no comply flip late flip sex
change right no comply footplate flips
body very well good job that was weird I
think it's time for a little bit of
skateboarding basketball Oh
so get the spiky ball and he has to hit
it from here and hit the wall okay so
let's at the end of the flat bar that
little line right there look at where
I'm pointing on the floor okay that line
he's got to hit it all the way to the
wall but you've got to pitch it because
with what with this skateboard
skateboard basketball that's it yeah yes
this might be dumb and easy but you know
you don't know what you're getting with
mr. challenge I didn't know it was a
mystery challenge until I came out of my
mouth you think he's doing hard he's
getting hit on the fly yeah it has to
hit the wall well I mean we'll adjust
what we'll figure it out okay it's a
bouncy ball it'll bounce it's really
long oh yeah if you're out you have to
take a hike see you try this cuz I don't
know if this is possible yeah I get
strike mad no I think he I think you
just strike him out that's not
impressive see you're just throwing a
head at that point
come on give it to he isn't he had one
good in this pitch oh wow
had some power behind that I had some
gusto oh if there was no ceiling this
would be easy
oh wow you almost made another bathroom
no way it's gonna make them on the flush
but do mid mid mid rail behind okay this
is way easier
did I move the camera so fast destroyed
me right here that's better than hitting
the wall we'll give them that new one
you what you pet you you succeeded that
was awesome Alex were you film so I
could use you shows the face the first
trick is a manual trick okay I want you
to do them any manual and we get to
throw your board when you messed it up I
hope I'm not making a mistake of this
case which flip manual front shove I
think it's hard it might not be hard for
him I don't know maybe one month were
you born in let me give me 12 minutes
wait you along from the in nine seconds
so you go back there and when you don't
you touch your board when you fall off
it it's ours it's ours
I'm gonna throw it
I was afraid that somebody to walked in
I didn't know about
he just kicked the ball like he's like
playing I have time
how many tricks does he have to do just
3 right 3 3
one monster walking back you might as
well house me so me this is a challenge
to be more like this is a challenge is
being mean so he agreed to it puts so
much effort into throwing that nine
minutes and 38 seconds good beam you
didn't really nollie inward heel you got
two more tricks speed now all I or do
and then the I got front flip down the
class here I said for this weird
I was hoping somehow it would get back
there
seven minutes in 50 seconds
imagine everyone a wit in the garbage
giving great six minutes and 19 seconds
left so we need to get unreal I'm
talking throw it outside I'm talking
throw it in a car I'm talking throw it
drive the car away I'm putting my car
locked which trigger and the of it out
shove it out so early switch career I'd
shove it out why are you up pre talking
early just try the trick you got is this
a weird last trip switch career and
shove it out that sounds weird it's with
him you never know if you're giving him
the easiest task or something real good
he's gonna stretch tricks but there's a
penalty 5-yard penalty
15 bucks in the border he lands it okay
good job oh hey
I want to see him Lana
you failed but I do feel bad that we
threw a skateboard so if you land it
will give you death 7 minutes later he
was trying to quit and I gave him a pep
talk you did I landed that trick it's
pretty much where I need thank you sissy
good job dude let's go get aboard we
just the three of these have already got
a three yeah you're getting that today
is the most popular deck actually
speeding I'll take this boom alright
that's called the boom deck I like it
okay so when you land your tricks on it
you can say all right
hey thanks for being this thank you guys
for watching this I do videos here all
the time myself so if you'd like to see
more videos just hit the subscribe
button right down below the video and
your son to see more I'll put this guy's
Instagram in the info because he has a
lot of insane clips you have no idea how
good this guy is so thanks for watching
I will see you guys soon with another
video go out and skateboard if you can
are you gonna keep skating yeah I wish I
could I got an audition for a TV show
that's even more awesome right I want a
skateboard like so we it's a weird thing
I want a skateboard this is weird
I'm Zack Morris now you see it though
you see it
III can see it we should start calling
Zack Morris same here Zach Vestal Zack
vessel all the same I know it's like a
better name than he had no I shot like
Russell keep the vest off okay
you
