YouTube what's up guys it is another
Reviva skateboards strength test last
time I think we parked a car on it we
have used a medicine ball we've used a
samurai sword and we've used our feet to
try to stop it but today we bought a
sledge hammer this might be the thing
that just destroys it like this is I
want to get a bowling ball but I go to a
thrift stores try to find a cheap
bowling ball and that does not exist
we're gonna do some drop tests with this
and then we are going to try to sledge
it ourselves and if it still survives
we're gonna skateboard on it and we're
gonna do some tricks and if it doesn't
survive it's gonna be a short video
Casey drop test number one bra come on
stop okay now it's flat that's like
that's super boring this is a 8.25
revive skateboard is brand new and if we
break I'm gonna feel terrible we have
actually haven't broken one the samurai
sword got beat up pretty good
it's research and development relays so
Casey dropped us one what's happening
yeah well I mean wouldn't you want me to
intensely eat an apple all right here we
go
all right very minimal Bend Ã¤j--
that's that's to be expected we have two
more heights before we move on to the
sledge saber you can do the second one
what I call roof you wanna do roof yeah
that's a good idea actually we'll let's
drop it off a roof all right
Apple test let's do this it's like drop
test number two it's gonna bounce so
high best be watch now get your grabby
hands ready guys
I could've cut that you should have grip
tape broke
skateboards fine here's the I think it
bounced the exact like the exact same
yeah it doesn't end at all I feel like
that bent less there than over there I
will do drop test three the ladder I
just hit myself in tow with said ladder
I'm alright Paul Bunyan coming up I need
a flannel for that the drop test number
three scary dropping it dude I'm glad I
didn't hit center because that probably
been better the lever safe just gonna be
hilarious dude it didn't bend you oh
yeah that the slid that sledge was on a
one-way course to you yeah alright let's
go to the building tip drop test for
we're gonna do it outside there's like a
whole construction crew outside so we're
just doing right here it's off the
middle yeah
double feature that didn't even look
like it yeah I have to think something's
not completely great in this insides of
this skateboard but we're gonna do a
final blow with our arms and it's
probably gonna crack it's a
sledgehammers it's lasted this long
though at least alright grab that just
longer who's eating a Twinkie right now
could you just have a Twinkie we all
from this video I was to say but if
anyone was gonna have a box of Twinkies
I would just assume it's practice the
baby swing all right let's go a little
harder a little harder yeah oh it did
crack I'm gonna swing at it
alright it definitely cracked but that's
just bending and going back up isn't it
that's one ply what only a 1 micron head
is like let's skateboard on this that
was that was hard right that was a good
swing if cait's you accidentally swing a
sledgehammer your skateboard you only
have one way around that's the only and
it's pretty good though always watch
that it technically survived one ply of
that is toast but it has six strong
plies and we're all gonna do a few
tricks on it
you got down high yeah I'm gonna go
first I'm gonna go right off this ramp
pretty good
that was really hope that comes off yeah
no it was just the best first Gary sorry
I'm not warmed up at all
still the same old one ply all right
who's up next case you gotta do two
tricks Casey's over it these wheels and
bearings to are kinda well the wheels
are fine it's really just the bearings
and the trucks are a little tight just
do a couple tricks brah
that's a good trick dude that's weird
one aiding into this is a little funky
let's clean thanks Tony 12 yeah Peggy
big spin boardslide on there
there we go it did take a tumble and
tracked a little bit the bottom ply but
it held up pretty good like the board
felt really good when I was skating it
felt like a normal board clearly it's
not any skateboard is that's made of
wood of course can break especially the
more you skate it the more likely it is
to break but we are really proud of the
wood here arrivai we test that a bunch
before settling on this this wood we
parked cars on it we've taken swords to
it like I said the beginning the video
all that stuff and they stand strong I
mean like I've I've touched in by this I
do too yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
video first and foremost to ever now
there that does scare revived we
wholeheartedly thank you I say it over
and over again and I'm gonna keep saying
it that like I just blows my mind that
we're able to have some sort of life in
skateboarding so amazing it's a thanks
to you guys so thank you very much you
can find these decks at your local skate
shop if you don't have a local skate
shop there's this reg course calm if
your local skate shop does not carry it
then you of course can ask them we're
pretty spread throughout the world
nowadays so hopefully they do but if you
do not have a local skate shop at all
the Shred course com is always there for
you where we have everything
skateboarding so uh thank you guys you
want to see more videos for me hit the
subscribe button right down below your
sentence see more all of the wonderful
people in this video have YouTube
channels and I will link them right down
below and I urge you to check them out
and then the last and most importantly
go out to skateboard today what if it's
raining do it anyway okay I will a
raindrop isn't heavy enough to break
your skateboard me talking sometimes
sucks if you're willing to sacrifice the
dirt the pop of your skateboard if you
have skateboarding you want to snap that
back go get an old board and you're like
why am I sitting here talk to these guys
the end of this video I'm never watching
another hill watching this yeah that's
what they're saying go build a Lego
that's what I'm yeah yeah that's what
mortgage should do that
