regardless you going back that would not
work that well with it yeah this here
goes on this foot just like it is this
foot has this shoe and then this face
goes on this head are you ready for
today oh my gosh what are you doing
you're hugging YouTube aren't you I love
you let's start the day all in the mood
just sometimes out during the day
okay I just dropped off right in at I
don't even need these right now
it was super sunny a second ago I just
chopped off right in that preschool
which is always tough I hate doing it
gosh I love a little guy so much it's
really tough to be away from today I'm
away from a long time because I got a
travel that's the Sun okay and I have a
doozy of a story to tell you about
yesterday so I'm gonna get coffee and
had to shred quarters my warehouse where
I work and I'm gonna tell you guys this
so I'll see you there this is a day in
the life 51 by the way probably knew
that because you can read you can read
these I can
okay so about this story I'm just gonna
tell Brian Eames and you guys at the
same time bright news hi my face pry
doesn't look too much if it doesn't
you're filming then left if that doesn't
change my face it does not so I was like
it's dinner time yesterday I feel people
eat dinner I'm making some soup I'm
making some New England clam chowder
which is more like if you made that like
scratch
Lauren is put in the microwave I'm
heating up the soup okay and I put it in
for like a minute and a half I'm gonna
go and stir it properly make the heat go
places in the soup make sure it's all
warm and I remove the paper towel which
I kept for safety so didn't spit all
over the microwave the whole soup then
explodes upwards into my face and all
over my kitchen I've never seen food do
this it was literally there was a bomb
in my soup and it hit me right here any
other places but right here was the
hottest bit of soup ever and it's still
burning still right now 1215 hours later
it was insane I was actually terrified
because I thought I was like getting
scalded was exactly like that a little
cream bomb but it wasn't like like this
it was like Campbell's soup thank you
for sucking it can't be the serving time
bombs people's faces okay so my workday
begins right here right now I have got
to get a handful of things done and I
have a dentist's appointment today but
after that we're doing a skate and
hanging up north but two hours north in
Circleville Ohio and I'm gonna take you
guys along for it so it should be fun it
is a full circle skate shop I am going
to work my butt off here and I'm gonna
get some stuff done first off being
emails and then I have to send out some
anchor sound buds that I gave away
recently after that I'm pretty much
editing for the whole day but I'm gonna
film some random stuff for you guys and
hopefully this is a fun entertaining day
so let's do this
Oh trick whores that shirt looks
wonderful you drink coffee like a champ
your breath smells fantastic
that last one was a little bit weird I
didn't actually smell your breath that's
actually one of the last things that I
want to do is smell KC's breath and poo
oh I am busy with all the work the
editing that I got to do but I'm going
to fill out some orders for you dudes of
course starting with Stacey jerks when I
hope you like your black-and-white
sketch Jack Kirby Smith totally have a
friend that has your name to this pan
rules now let's go on right now squat
dude little children put an order oh
he's an up-and-comer in since and he's
killing it Luke you're awesome at Corey
I'm on tonight's Monty net how you ever
pronounced I'm sorry thank you for the
order dude I hope everything is going
good in Australia Casey have some tape I
spun around and dodged that like a ninja
and still got hit by four Network
friends I have this much coffee left
which is a great surprise right now I
finally gone it's not I'm gonna start
editing
their video done I've got to run to a
dentist opponent let that save I'm gonna
come back and I'm gonna get it ready for
upload for you guys to watch I got to
start working in a warehouse frenzy but
right now I'm gonna go home and stop and
brush my teeth before the dentist
because I know they're gonna clean it
like that's why I'm going there but I'm
like you know what I might as well I
have my mouth as least gross as possible
when going to the dentist and there's
bronze bike
here we are
Bernina Swami I am walking into my
dentists phone what's up all right later
dude
okay now dead this time it's only
cleaning you don't feel sorry for me is
gonna be easy and quick hopefully if
it's long I'm gonna be bumped that's
look a little longer than I would like
but I've done my teeth are shining
they're like diamonds not at all now
they look like teeth okay I'm gonna go
pick up some lunch and get back to the
warehouse I'm stuck at still gonna stop
light I want to hit the gas and try
I usually lunch at 11 o'clock it is
almost 2:00 and I'm starving and Gotham
season 2 came out of Netflix and I'm
totally gonna continue watching it so
awesome
awesome cool oh this guy's freaky House
house is not freaky though there's this
guy you just came in here to what say I
do hi Thomas
will you just call him and ask him if we
could do a product cos if he cares like
throw out like 3 decks we're giving out
some free skateboards aren't we I start
gonna be it's a low target with you go
get one
this guy helps us out so much and as I
was trying to buy him and I'm like dude
here's how here's a warehouse oh really
we're giving away his hoodie we're going
let's go to the skate and we're going to
circle well it's about a two hour drive
so that's gonna suck but it's gonna be
great for you guys because it's just
gonna cut to a few random driving clips
and we're gonna be there Thomas show
them that you have mirrors on your face
you guys see can you see because it's
not even that sunny back there and if
you look to your left you will see is we
are in the middle of Ohio weather it
done
we are here we are Bob hey signature all
right we're here this is a full circle
skateboards
it's a skate shop in Circleville Ohio
I'm guys to hear me because the countess
erupted in noise gage hey guys wanna say
what's up today and y51 going to the
gorgeous that was there
you got you good
you almost got you you're good Dodger
uphill with the downhill roll what
toothpicks in defeat fingers toes what I
can't talk how often I'm not talking
about him all right so we're done there
that was the hardest three I've ever
stayed in my life and if only is good on
that dude that there's a crack at the
pond top and bottom oh they brought the
tallest flat bar in the world out
and vessel is happy what you got on this
it doesn't even look tall in the fisheye
but it's like
gage isn't coming back but that was one
of my favorite tricks I've seen in a
long time
nobody that was a great idea
buzzes oh she's got it she's got it
we're leaving we drove to ten seconds
down the road and we are going to
Hardee's for dinner which I did is crazy
at Hardee's still exists in my own I
didn't know that was the thing Brian and
I just found out that parties is the
only place that doesn't have any salads
any soups so we were to the gas station
they've got some beef jerky string
cheese and some nuts for dinner
smell like they were trying to cover up
1995 I should really just call this
piece cheese we're going back to
Cincinnati and I really hope my little
guys awake fingers crossed
hey how are you doing yeah it was a
sports bra and I was like you're a dog
friends in darkness goodbye my friend
I'm going home fun times there my friend
it might yeah it sounds like about me a
conversation but max you alone and it is
like 10 20 and I beat my family home
they were at Grandma and Grandpa's house
frightens grandma grandpa every moment
by like a minute they're about to walk
through that door
come here what is that walk hey buddy
how you doing how was your day oh really
good I've been a long day for you give
me a hug
mmm I missed you he's really tired here
come on
you want to go to a Star Wars outro to
end this video get all right over the
couch thank you guys for watching the
video it was a different day it was
really hard being away from this guy but
I'm sure he'll be in the next one unless
I do it out of town or something but uh
he's in a bunch of videos so he'll be
there on the table we got new Star Wars
out true I do daily videos here so hit
the subscribe button if you want to see
more from me and I will see you guys
tomorrow and you were gonna get hit by
some force lightning so I'm gonna act
you have to start shaking is he ever
getting zapped by it and then when I
move my arm you jump into the couch okay
ready nailed it
Thomas remember that one time we gave
you garlic candy that tastes like dinner
I have one more in my house I don't want
that ever again alright we're really
like a like a liver flavored candies
evilly so I can become a cannibal Maggie
nice human liver hopefully make you
think that
