YouTube what is up guys we're doing a
video do your that I did yeah because
this cameras are here Swan here yeah
we're doing a different type of video
blend on this once it's a boxing video
on he'll move to California boxing video
yeah a boxing video we're not gonna box
and tell me we're filming before I came
over here by the way yeah I'm just kind
of rolling with it I did you write your
Peter here's like oh okay rod wasn't
listening to what you're saying
so John Hill moved California recently
and he used to just come get his
skateboards but now I gotta send them to
him so that's I'm doing I'm making yeah
yeah exactly thank you John
with this guy we're gonna put together
his box I'm gonna go to the shore and
put a bunch of weird stuff in it that
you'll know some of them but then to
find out what all we put in his box
you're gonna have to watch it over on
his channel when he inevitably puts it
inside a video so uh that's it let's go
in a box we have to get a medium box
because we got to put a bunch of stuff
in here it's got fit okay all right we
gotta get rid of it it's gonna medium by
a medium box you want copy from Steven
page no you don't thank you okay no one
wants about that when these do we're the
medium boxes but not as big as a good
wall article together good that's what
we're using that is the box I'm looking
for take this box this vehicles yeah you
get to pick out the decks - fine I want
it all to be up to you what sizes Jon's
gonna get it's 85-inch no.8 right hey
Jon keeps getting a bigger board name
right to make you five-o it isn't 8 to 5
yeah you're right all right you're not
intelligent George on it well that's
good that we had that conversation we
just got the new fall decks in so what
are you give it to him right I'm not
even gonna say I was gonna suggest
something you get maquette he's gonna
get a cat for he's gonna get the share
down cat deck gonna get the t-rex deck
to go with it it's gonna get a combo put
him next to agency that's the wrong way
but put him next year so they're kind of
fighting kind of target fighting I would
never punch his he race in the face in
real life I actually know what I would
cuz I could do that without feeling bad
you know the chair she's gonna be fine
and he could just kill me if he wants to
I've punched animals in the face before
and no it's very rewarding
yeah that that sounds really bad but
there's a backstory to it and I didn't
mean to he can link to the video below
Brian Ames loves animals he doesn't
actually purposely punch them in the
face oh this is this when I was in sales
Jana
Donna's friends with John you better
give me Johnny Depp
Johnny day wait you need two more he's
getting five decks that like it just is
John Hill it really is now I don't know
what the lesson was gonna be kinda
knocked out the whole ball line hold on
I'm gonna go with the older day this is
gonna go away you might wants to divorce
and go I was gonna get a deck that's
gonna go with all right so here's a dog
that is going away right broken say
goodbye bike skateboard dick hey sure
time he wears a large although we should
just give him a bunch of smalls
CVX Jezza we're good new sketch tee I
could see him wearing that yeah that's
one he's definitely doing sketch circle
you know what as weird that is I feel
like I could see him we're going to get
hewed where this showdown tee buddies
though he needs a hoodie because he
lives in California's very cold there
welcome to the secret passageway I would
I would send John aprotic sure but you
guys bought them in like 35 seconds over
the hoodies yes you said shirt I might
give them a cut a hoodie yeah well
they're gone in like seconds so he's
gonna get the zip up with soft John we
get in this dude you feel like you're
bathing with a bunch of ducks cuz it's
so soft
you think John's our kind of guy who
wears like a large hoodie review gotta
go up a size on hoodies cuz a lot of
people do that it's in California just
give me the largest probably just gonna
like either get given to somebody else
or sit it is Department I feel like you
want to use on your salad okay sure
frankly got cheese on this out oh we got
the socks dude and John Hill
jeonyul totally wear socks you wear
socks oh they're in bags yeah give him a
bag of sock a tool is kind of cool
because it puts your skateboard together
also it if you have one you can kind of
feel like you're one of Wolverine you
know I'm saying what like Wolverine with
one claw you are a very random person
sent off Ross do you have you ever have
your grabbed it have you ever grabbed a
skate tool and acted like Wolverine with
one finger or you just flipping people
off to the plastic finger yeah I mean
I've like Helden spun it around a lot I
went out with that one though you've
never held it like it was a finger what
do you do with your morning when you
wake up hey cereal put that in the box
Tamara is MVP of launch
he made a few clicker ease and got lunch
for everyone from Chipotle like 40
minutes earlier or denotes early Earth
nights do you like it not my lunch I'm
eating soup as I suck I mean a salad
suck idea suck a little bit less than
you it's got kind of weird yeah alright
but that is the product that's going in
there I'm going to draw him a goofy
drawing because I do that with all the
team riders and then I'm gonna go to the
store and buy a bunch of random crap and
put it in this box so it will cut the
later points immediate pudding stuff and
talk about what I'm sending John Hill in
this box brand names thank you for
picking stuff out
you're welcome to thing you want
stickers we should do stickers yeah we
should get serious stickers
okay now let's cut to the randomness
that I put in this box got a box alright
guys so we're here I'm gonna put some
weird stuff in this box and then tell
you guys about it okay we got some
ping-pong balls and I put not much
thought into any of these I just were
walking through the grocery store and I
was like that's weird that's weird let's
do that so uh glue stick ah this will
pretty much never ever be relevant Jon
Hills life ever does use it I want you
to know John have you ever actually used
this glue stick for an authentic reason
I'll give you ten bucks there's this
thing pretty much pointless unless
you're like a cat or a kid we got some
mint leaves ah me should I open
them up and just dangle them in there
maybe a little combo both okay look it's
gonna smell minty what do you open to
the box there's some loose mint leaves
and we got some diapers why wouldn't we
put diapers in John Hill's package
because that's the thing and this is the
good one this is a real good one alright
baby food I challenged John to eat this
in his video that he unboxes this better
put this in a video so mouth bug him if
he doesn't now I put probably like six
other items that you don't not know
about that or even weirder than the ones
I just put so if you want to find out
what I put in this box head over John
Hill's Channel and this hit the
subscribe button and eventually this
will be on his channel I like to think I
actually haven't told him about this yet
but I'm gonna text him here a second so
he knows it's coming
any there's a film it but John Hill
we're having to have you on the team and
I will be sending you many more boxes in
the future
you live in California now I hope you
have the best of filming out there your
videos been awesome you guys watch it
right now I'm going to show you guys
some skate park footage of John that I
fell into my channel so you priority
seen it but here's a refresher of how
good John Hill is on teamwork big guys
watching check out John hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
for me I do daily videos and that is it
oh yeah John Hill's channels right down
the info that's where it is so uh you
guys have a good day go skate if you can
that's it John Hill skating
so I was went shopping for all this
weird stuff I found this and I was going
to use it for warehouse Wednesday but
it's a Halloween noise making thing I
thought it was an air horn my filmer
Steven steez knows he knew when I picked
this up he thought I was actually buying
where I read the package look the
package says frights than a can like I
read Jude it could scare you a fright
yeah that's why I thought we got it you
said I'm gonna scare Brian with this
like but Brian comes out ah
oh I thought was gonna be louder than
that yeah whatever I mean it was under
five dollars what I'm gonna give it to
my son
let me get four-year-old riding if
you're watching this you probably not
you have a fright in the can hear my
office
