YouTube what is up guys so bottle
flipping is clearly a thing on the
Internet these days my friends Sam Tabor
and Ryan Bracken are super good at it so
I'm finally jumping on now I'm gonna do
one with this I'm doing it with this I
don't know if it's already been done I'm
checking the internet I'm sorry if it is
but what we're doing it we're having fun
so we're gonna fill this thing up with
some watt and we're gonna try to make it
happen all right
your heads will do and we don't finish
words here here's the oldest utility
sink in the whole world super gross and
does it fit awesome how do you get water
in here okay we're gonna do it step by
step day by day fresh something whatever
the theme song was full house Saved by
the Bell
whatever we stick to our guns okay
really yeah that sounds so where were we
oh wow we have a long way to go okay I'm
calling we need more water but we'll
test it out okay well test the waters
most oh did I don't know I knew I did
this first try I could be like oh cool
is going to break
second try feet that frackie bro all
right let the games begin are you ready
still did it if I was trying to do that
that would never would have happened
all right we need to read up tables
sitting low state technology we should
put some duct tape around like the
bottom rim so that way it doesn't crack
good idea breaking friggin homerun
I heard that hurt
what just happened is that I landed this
second try maybe third try and I got
excited head-butted the camera and it
just did not get any of the last three
clips
booyah
I'm not gonna headbutt YouTube I really
want to though you're gonna hit it and
bounce off it right
flip it hit it okay shake it still
worked over the water like it only was
with spammy demarcates oh no no this is
a very durable water ball
can't bounce I've got it it's in here
it's gonna be there one flip to well
here look see more more Triple E
Ripley's more Triple E you all my chops
we're gonna keep the Tramp going for cap
let's have a moment of silence for this
cap yeah you're getting me man whoa it's
every time for me just even thinking
about him
this is also a great way to clean your
trampoline I've been great you got it
Chumlee Mortal Kombat aah
oh I don't know why every time I pick up
a nirupa tip there we go now we're
landed like firstiy who that is a
weekend to the bottoms just a little
filter donor
gosh that was good that was like perfect
how did that feel to Andy's face would
you bid it though is the best there's
water on this but I totally did that all
right
he's thrown the bottle through here and
it's going to do a flip and land right
here this one's called the eye of the
tire I have the tires the cream of the
crop I think bow done I know I did all
day call it pop new Pete I'm getting
good at do you leave and Ryan back in
and about - oh yeah oh that is why we do
sorry cher for messing your song up
don't copyright me but that was good oh
good I did not know I'm gonna hurt
myself before this day is over
look grand finale okay are you guys
ready I can't hear you because you're
sitting on your phone or computer but
I'm gonna assume you said yes that was
not the grand finale we got it
we I do better than that we'll open then
it was so floppy it was like tomahawk
throw bounce double flipping by the way
when I said double flip I meant any flip
will take that just you have wet feet
that was the craziest thing done than I
do
oh good all right okay all right all
right okay all right that was fun this
guy's channel is right down below we
hope you guys do that this is actually
specifiy like a goofy spoof idea but
actually turn into something really fun
I was what that was exciting I was a lot
of fun man another one
thumbs up with the other one either way
this dude has a lot of awesome content
on his channel so there'll be a card to
end this they'll be right down the info
check it out and I think we're doing a
game of a normal bottle flip on his
channel bottle huh pardon uh yeah
uh-uh Oh weird camera guy he's doing
