warehouse Wednesday I destroyed you I'm
gonna have a headache for weeks
what did I do to deserve that deserve
that every single week get used to it
we just get on with this let's go Brian
hey how you doing good
I like my head rattle is rattled okay
it's like a ball if that's your brain
it's rattling or I don't know I'm saying
I guess my brain is rattled what are you
doing yeah probably
gosh I got a headache I just destroyed
him so good stand up
it's her warehouse one way and this is a
charity warehouse Wednesday we're
actually we're going easy on this guy
okay because this is my request he's
been trying to land a 540 flip on a mini
board for for probably over a year no
just two two episodes oh but you only
have 10 minutes every time so now I'm
gonna have you have as much time as you
want yeah I'm gonna get it I like it I
like it and if you do it I'm gonna I'm
gonna create something that you get to
break all right I like that if you don't
do it I'll just complain a lot and waste
my day okay fantastic cool and Justin
what do have to say I'm pretty excited I
want to see Brian break some stuff I
want to break some stuff you're sweating
profusely sweating you just sweat it
sucked so bad at hitting me with a bowl
and when you do nice thing ever I did
not suck I am filming I just thought I
just saw Justin you try to hit me I'll
punch it right back at you I can't Chuck
can't trust me guys guys he was being he
was being serious about that other dude
oh so fun hitting him I should make
Brian warm up so I mean hopefully easy
so I can just get to this freaking
factory let's do the handrail no
no okay I want to see you jump on the
trampoline for one that's your first of
all jump on the trampoline yeah as high
as you can so jumping I travel as far as
I can
rewarding horrible all right and for the
actual rubber you have to play me in a
game of Pi okay
but you might lose right on this point
you got to land three flip tricks on
this and I could I don't match you with
all right no like it's like what we did
with John and Brian reckon oh you got to
land a trick then I got to miss it
that's it and you can't lose you just
got to do it three times don't be
surprised if I miss anything those are
really loose this is a fair because he
gets to suck at it in warm his body up
and I get to just try one trick everyone
good this is the least likely for me to
land
he's warmed up I think it's gonna take
you eight minutes Brian will shock you a
lot no so I think you hear I've shagged
myself it can either be 45 third try but
I will be here until tonight electrical
outlets its gates wanted to are you
ready there we go stuck it I'm gonna
javelin and stab him
no I'm not that be mean I think it's
gonna go down today it has been eight
minutes so he has to Lana right here for
me to be right I am wrong you wanna see
how a helmet works watch it didn't break
Bryan Ames is doing great things today
okay they're gonna write his name and
then down in the book of history it's
gonna be called mystery doesn't look
easy committed drastic mistake that I've
been wearing like ankle socks and that's
happening go get go get some revive
socks you own a skateboard company very
smart ankle socks and I'm wearing today
if you soon
you didn't even question like oh and
he's taking off his shoe and messing
with his socks for no reason this isn't
weird
nice little battle today you know oh man
she's gonna make fun of me she's gonna
give me a battle over we needed a pit
Casey and bracket and a change I told my
aunt on Facebook
that he was going to land it and she
didn't believe me know how there's those
things in life her friends don't let
friends make stupid decisions you're
gonna die if you keep going so we're
gonna tag-team I'm gonna do it for you
okay because I love this guy
I don't want to kill him so I'm gonna do
his trick smash my thumb and smash to
everything I was cringing watching you
try that was painful to watch it so tall
I'm gonna do it or I might suck and it
might change into me doing where else
Wednesdays where I can't 543 good I was
very hard hangers - my name's - sucker
that for three episodes
that is it guys the 540 flip has been
put to rest
I couldn't land this smoother but I do
not care it is the hardest trick I've
tried this year no it is this it's way
harder than I thought it was I was stuck
out every single time I couldn't roll
away I stuck it three times and Kathleen
did not roll away I was sore when I
started I wasn't playing on skating day
so I got surprised exercise thought
about long day I have seen the skies
yeah yeah they show you to your demise
oh cool let's get a cut to him dead like
graveyard brownies
warehouse Wednesday - nearby like four
feet what would you do how's that skip
over him skip off your back warehouse
was there
