you look up guys do you know what video
we're doing today right I'm not an
x-wing we're doing a lego video but what
is it go get the box we're doing a TIE
fighter video it's over there well let's
look at the box before we open it so
they're here right this is the set we
did a video on the Lego Death Star and
we gave you guys some options on what
Lego video we would do next and you guys
picked this one out of the four options
so we're going to do is we're gonna take
a look at the box we're gonna talk about
it for a second and then we are going to
put it together in time-lapse fashion
we'll build it and you guys get to watch
us you have their form but Democrats all
the white people I have the first order
TIE fighter for my desk for my office I
was like that's a cool set this is the
tie advanced prototype technically I
don't know them alright so here is the
box like we said it is the TIE fighter
advanced it comes with these dudes down
here if you guys can see okay we got a
TIE fighter pilot we have an imperial
officer we have the Inquisitor it is 355
pieces
I threw the Box on the back it shows you
just what everything it can do the wings
can fold down a little bit as apartments
that open up firing missiles and it's
got a little storyboard
action scenes right here and then
there's this dude who has got a weird
face let go make that face right there
you go
and the sides aren't too exciting it's
got more pictures of the guys you know
another photo of the set and that's it
it's a nice ticket box there you guys go
let's crack this thing open ridin hold
on hold on hold on hold your horses find
your horses hold them we're gonna open
this thing up and we're gonna time-lapse
it you gotta do this tape right here
haters off ready
we're down no border talk
I'm gonna empower the devil this is bad
one that's bag one you got some stickers
trying to run away already
tickly all right so three bags 355
pieces it shouldn't take us too long we
do have to go to dinner so hopefully we
don't film this in two sections so if we
spray them I switch clothes that's
exactly what happened you can laugh I
like that I like that I told him to say
it but I still like cue the time-lapse
Oh
you
Oh
oh my gosh it's hot up here in his
player1 the hut I'm like sweating from
putting together Legos but here it is
this is the Thai advanced prototype it's
a really cool set it's super super cool
actually and then Ryden has all the
figures there they are uh I don't know
how that turned out I clearly because I
haven't edited it yet
one thing I felt like Ryan and I were
super serious because he started to lose
his patience so putting together a big
set he's never actually participated in
putting together a set like this but you
did help thank you very much yeah you
did great with it I love you yeah and I
hope you guys enjoyed it if you guys did
like this make sure to give it a thumbs
up let us know in the comments and I
think it'd be really poor if we did a
bigger sense you can really see it build
and like play it even faster motion but
this is a lot of fun and we are going to
give this away so if you want to win
this you're younger than 18 make sure
your parents know you're doing this and
you'd win anywhere in the world I'm
gonna take apart all of this and I'm
gonna put in a bag and with the
instructions and I'm gonna give it away
to you guys so first off you need to be
subscribe to the channel hit the
subscribe button if you already not and
then go comment down there only once one
entry please per person if I see a bunch
of bunch of comments by you I'm not
gonna pick you as the winner but just
put Lego me up okay there's Lego me up
as a comment and I will pick a random
winner in like a week or so now and on
the audio hit you up via YouTube direct
message and that's it you can play with
it before take it apart but you're not
lose any peace thank you guys for
watching and I hope you guys doesn't
know don't you want to take this Laura
Tiffany
so they're guys good luck to everyone
who enters just go down there comment
leggo me up but you're entered make sure
your parents know if you're under than
18 I got a reiterate all that stuff like
ridin said thank you guys for watching
we see you guys tomorrow cuz I do daily
videos say bye bye say bye two more
times bi bi bi bi bi bi bi bi that way
more than 2 times
is this the bonus clip what does happen
up you don't want to break this this is
someone else's TIE fighter I know it
that was a quick battle by the way yeah
do you uh are you still ticklish if I if
I take away him it's never gonna get old
so I'm sorry if you're bored if you're
sick of that I'm gonna forever take one
cuz it gets that reaction I love you
you
