YouTube what's up guys I got new
skateboard wheels which is the greatest
thing ever okay
I mean honestly like it's like putting
on new socks when you put on new socks
you just feel great a new pair of socks
every day which feel amazing its socks
for your skateboard wheel trying to set
so I'm gonna put these on I just ate it
so bad at the last pot so I'm probably
not gonna do much skateboarding day so
I'm gonna put my wheels on I got new
bearings to try out on my try out these
Bronson's and I'm gonna talk to you
dudes and I fill my friends do
skateboard tricks I might ride to a
trick or two for you guys but I ate it
so bad like I'm bloody and bumps I'm
bloody and bumps like a bike like that
there's wax stains on my pants because I
was trying a trick for my video part and
did not succeed I fell repeatedly over
and over again on this ledge was awful
wait for the falling for that one I'm
gonna put these on okay so what we got
here is a brand new pair of force wheels
we're about to release a fall series
we're gonna release it in two weekends
are you alright you look like you're
just loud I wish I could I wish had a
long lens on because Casey just fell and
he's like lounging there look at that
that is a brand new wheel from force
this is the catacombs we've got a creepy
series coming out and I like it she's a
bunch of skulls awesome
these are 53 millimeters I use you skate
52 but I'm gonna try 53 hopefully
they're not too big for me either way
it's gonna feel good it's like when you
step on wheels for the first time she's
like oh yeah I forget how much I love
new skateboarding meals do I know how to
use this really not I'm dreaming of
getting this nut off my board get off
chemically this presentation comes in a
tin box metal box huh
tin is metal I'm an idiot I cannot open
anything today all the slides I'm so
stupid
more more things open this is like a
metal packet of lifesavers you know what
your kid all the bombs pretty much on my
dad ever yelled me about don't use your
teeth
why dude my wheel is gone you never had
anyone say don't use your teeth at pre
mom and aunt and sister everybody not
even they weren't even mine they were
like don't use your teeth it's bad for
him do this I'm never getting these
bearings all right I got the bearings on
your way back could you get that wheel
for me which isn't on the way back at
all he's going so out whoa all right
orange and then he got orange the black
stripe I don't know MIGO worn it like
remember Jurassic world if chris pratt's
character just let himself die in the
the indominus rex cage the whole movie
wouldn't happen they would have the
indominus rex in the cage and it been
fine people died a lot of people died
because of it why don't more people like
vehicles you like bugles I know I love
bugle su but I never hear someone like
me I want to bag a bugle so if they're
underrated those I'm saying bugles man
put them all on your fingers didim toss
it second we'll get on oh I'll get Ryan
Bracken's here I said I likes dead I
didn't know the cake to the face man
specially I got filmers I used to do
like prank videos which is basically me
making a fool of myself in public and I
really want to do a new kicks to the
face maybe I'll put one at the end of
this video thumbs up thumbs up this
video if you want seeing other cakes the
face
BRAC and come over here put your head in
my video guy's face all you you have it
of course you have a Gatorade bottle I
don't actually let me see that what is
this it's like super pink all raspberry
lemon low-calorie why'd you get this
good did you know you're gonna low
calorie yeah it's disgusting
get it out of my video okay thanks dude
Jesus said you like my wheels I want to
do a video called games rolling in
public where I just walk up behind
people not just go I got it oh good bass
 about you I want to do that ah
awkwardly putting my skateboard together
color-coordinated my board I'm about to
actually do a new set up video like a
fall setup so I'll have these wheels in
it and then um I'll be able to get a
nice red jack where do I put the nut
there it is last wheel where are the
bearings everything is right for my face
I just suck it knowing one of it are you
making fun a ninja oh darn it
come out done here I'm sore but I'm all
new trick Vigo new wheels this is the
best part
oh that feels so good they feel so good
I'm just rolling around and I've gotten
it I got new socks on my skateboard
saber dude nice shirt
I like a wheel I know you do hey matches
your shirt there catacombs look there
called the catacomb dang it skull skull
you Teleca anything mustache glasses
friendship family no I mean you can win
you that you can't have these oh you
can't have these wheels you can have
your own set there's a new lens hey he's
gone
I hit my arm right in the spot and I hit
the last spot look we're that he's like
it's already bruised and bumped up
like
to touch my arm start here it is a two
finger touches to cos shark okay wait
what's that it was like isn't it creepy
yeah gosh what is 90 degrees and my I
don't even know what this is like you
see in the letter then my arm is a bendy
in ways it shouldn't I'm just gonna
stopping my phone my friends I promise
actually have a footage dump of where
I'm doing actual skateboarding tricks
here soon so stay tuned but this videos
going to get a lot better with my
friends on their boards that was way
better house good clean up yeah
alright cut you to pieces in that but it
looked good
I was fantastic please do this
okay that you're having some jams
bracken
yeah super-good ah Antonio Banderas miss
ah Gwen Stefani Seth Rogen haha salmon
patties may have banana runs dog yeah
Ryan house good more like interview with
the breath hi I didn't make sense that
was the floppy upon it was floppy but I
liked it
they said you sure move I could never do
it in a thousand days I do it way too
much
I'm gonna be on the five thousand days I
would you can totally if you gave me
like a day I might build you it that
should be a video I should try to do it
I did that with Casey well how someone
peed in the pond you're right man I get
your boat so you get a car I get
the best escape which would've ever seen
and that is it
same taper just battled a trick like
kind of like me earlier like we've had a
vet day a day my gosh
hope you guys Doug hanging out as I
setup my skateboard new wheels and some
of these guys skating Ryan Brock and
Hillary thank you for filming ninja got
a trick for our full-length video and
they're trying to get water bottles down
but I do daily videos so hit the
subscribe button and I will see you
tomorrow that is it you want to say what
you want to say have you had to read one
book for the rest your life oh to be
Harry Potter ah that was the correct
answer oh he lost his wheel guys at the
last one I'm not even gonna try to
explain what word was that what's
happening what's happening haha dude oh
shoot yeah it again we know that is why
they do
good go back down go away
yeah there's that guy that was just a
plus okay your report card came you won
here's the school go home someone poop
in your pocket
