YouTube what time is it Bryan Ames shred
of time it is shred it's can we shred of
time okay camera crew why are you
glaring at me like that that's weird
okay so yes we're gonna do it like we
did the first episode we were going to
go to Goodwill which is a thrift store
here and we're gonna find something
random but we're a skateboarder finding
good and you're gonna drive do you know
why do you have a car because you have a
car that has a big space in the back
okay okay stop looking like that that's
weird
these guys are here hi we got SS about
Steven Steve oh you better you really
want a high five million I never got
Alex of course he will be in a wig
eventually don't you worries but for now
let's go to vine I wish you even get you
a new time we're calling goodwill we can
get anything we want it goodwill oh and
Stevens filming so here you want to
catch us oh gee I I know the money
yesterday so what do you hope we do we
get right
thing that pits in the back of my car
easily without damaging that I don't
have to look on the back seams always
think so
where are we oh here we are wonderful
goodwill with the back of Brian Eames
head
you're gonna read up on a tie well wow
you got a amazing one it's like
spaghetti on it spit here does it go so
fresh in here we're looking at right
trunk oh my gosh yeah I could be
horrible
yeah what's up skinny finding Care Trust
we sit together like I would simply
decides maybe we see it as a platform
could we break our ankles on it yes i'ma
basket dude is this solid this is what
we have to skate we can roll up cable
audit we would die kind of put weight on
what it would hold up oh yeah oh yeah I
mean you wanna do it we're gonna story
barrel table label you can call us watch
it on the concrete Brian hey hey hey hey
hey
exactly what I wanted sighs no one that
is gonna roll so bad back and forth on
the cold ride
we're gonna skateboard on it actually
yeah
what do you think is that what whiskey
Oh was that yeah
simply we saw it Oh 15 bucks
we got everything half off it was
Wednesday that really thing over do it
right here because I have a bad hip
we're gonna put a shirt right here at
hopes that it softens the blow look like
a three freak it looks like a really
dumb thing
really good we're students we're suited
up they weren't ready here is how this
is supposed to be a table of some sort
we're not going to use as a table
spoiler and we're gonna like we're gonna
do some rise okay we're gonna spike
skate it vertically maybe novela
I don't know what's going to happen
probably not much probably going to be
ridiculous but it's going to fun
yeah you think a lot of stuff to go down
I could go to a fault 90 the inaugural
Oh
that was kind of scary but scary just
thing is the circle of death
I'm this spotter
you
that's how we roll that's why I mean
that's how you know I'm a dad
where you going here
Brian Ames is harnessing his top
-
you about straight up bashed even a big
spin down a foot the half drop Sammy
Oh God haha you're supposed to make it
so he says it now you can't see me you
messed it all up
no it's in the video so what do you
think we shredded it no we definitely I
don't know I went over it a lot I think
we well yeah we didn't like physically
shred it but I think we did more tricks
on it than I thought like once I got on
like a Rolly thing I was like I'm not
doing anything on this so what we
learned today is that go to Goodwill in
Wednesday's has everything's half off
that was awesome and you might find a
wig we might find a wig which you'd even
mean to buy and that's kind of weird and
gross bow is the thing now nu uh Brian
if sometimes scratches your lens and
then no didn't yet you did so what you
guys are good doing you guys are gonna
go about your day and have a good one
thank you guys for watching hit the
subscribe but if you want to see more
from me
this guy's channel and Casey Casey was
in this is down right in the info and
then what put Brian name sue he doesn't
when you watch this video subscribers
right but what I'm going to do is I'm
going to go order a lens have a rush
delivered to me as fast as only a
possible because I need a lens to keep
filming YouTube yeah you know go pace up
high
I thought you're doing it on top of you
I don't want to get a lot of it let's
see we just may go there a dog in zero
and the dagger oh the dagger holder Oh
does it just like lay on where it was
we're breaking it Stephen would know
yeah oh it's the tip of the D'Arnot okay
whatever here don't worry about that
Alex you're taller go please get it up
there Thomas we got this for you at
Goodwill and we don't I don't know if
you actually watch my videos so if you
watch this video it's right there and it
does not gone in a week we know you
don't watch you know watch my videos
that's it
Eric Gordon here's your piece back that
was a bonus clip in my pants the whole
time
wow you did skate with that
