what up guys so today I'm headed to
shred quarters to film AVX part down in
Vegas partly just a few little VX edit
for this vlog is owed um if you don't
know what it BX is it's a classic skate
camera the BX 1000 is I think what
Steven is filming on today I used to
film with the VX 2100 that's personally
my favorite but I mean you can't go
wrong with the VX one it'll have a
really cool look to it so that's it
let's get to do that I have to go to
Starbucks because my coffee shop was
closed come back up here at least I'm
still getting coffee oh my gosh that
actually I was weird I was just making
something up and that guy had a hand
like a like a cloth on his TV just hold
your cloth from space
please all right
always got to be a line because
everybody in the world goes to Starbucks
coffee doesn't things is good about this
coffee here Steven people hmm
okay good hello was that here's the dude
are you alright yeah I was getting ready
before we started here's the camera it's
funny because I actually had to explain
to them I was like a px is like a
classic skate camera it's like wow
why don't they just watch the original
we have a revenge's yeah they probably
should here uh this is the one right oh
you didn't know this is mm I didn't know
that you had the one I do have I did
have one but I got this for like 400
bucks which is like yeah this dude
didn't even use it oh there was a sugar
condition this is all for me there was
like no scratches or anything on it when
I got its the plastic casing though
that's yeah it's the what should you not
but it's the best for I'm filming
tonight which I made twenty one's better
now it's not twenty ones way though yeah
this dude has a V X on his grip tape -
well that's how I know it's the film
report so don't confused he's gonna put
a little V X head it's gonna switch to
that so the screens gonna get smaller
and the footage you're gonna get SD or
tato cam everybody's gonna be saying it
yeah who can comment for coming
okay so I just got a very bad headache
I've like been sick recently there's
like so much pressure built over my head
that I like I just had to stop I like to
thank this guy if I can get to him
Steven frequencies that's her name
is that your Instagram name yeah Steven
Seagal on Instagram right here we'll be
here but there's probably won't probably
like up here or somewhere anywhere not
where I'm pointing to that's what you
guys think to do I thank that guy all
right the vlogger soda is now continuing
here is Alex and he's getting some hot
sauce thanks man
yeah that's my rave uh no why are you
dancing I have to pee really bad that's
an answer so yeah what we're doing is
we're gonna go out streets game today
but I put that board together and I have
new shoes so I kind of want to like just
buy them out here at Strykers so we're
be around here for a little while so
let's go to shred quarters and do this
let's make some skateboards geese army
man they're like doesn't fight it while
they're very protective he's helped me
out tonight we go his face oh that's the
face what state board you stay in there
what uh
the colors are skateboard you know I
knew this one looks Doug Doug wax not
even available with my stuff I guess
filming yeah i innate alive how are you
doing anything to say only because I'd
like I was serious you're bursting my
eyes I've ever seen
I escaped before I do my capable test
here Sam table all right Thomas dude I'm
not down with these pants - man yo Beast
I can't back down
gah
I mean at one time we came to the street
spot and there's a car parked where you
needed to get a trick
always this sucks so this is the lot I
grew up skating it you guys have seen my
videos for long enough you know but yeah
this is in my book I always say that
when I come here they see my book the
wallet when I kick pop when I was 14 I
thought I was like the coolest dude in
the whole world I didn't get like a big
head on my shoulders or anything it was
like one of the four moments of
skateboarding for me
some lady actually for the first time
since I was about 14 so lady asked us
not to skate there specifically there's
like right over there so she's actually
super rude she was like basically said
that if Alex gets hurt she's not helping
he's not gonna call and I got a whole
line that's not worried about that so
but then you just did a really good
trick like right after she said this I
guess we're going away okay I just
stopped the vlogger sewed for one second
and say be nice people okay that lady I
didn't make a big deal about it when we
filmed it but that lady literally told
Alex if you get hurt I'm not gonna help
you like thumbs up thumbs up for
freaking humanity my gosh I mean at this
time I was like alright whatever let's
just get away from this lady and go
skate this part of the wall because no
one ever cares will be scared that why I
know the people that business and
they've always been cool to skating she
was like a random person there but my
gosh have a heart people you don't go
out of your way especially when it's not
your store to say hey if you're in
misery I'm not helping you okay you
could just die there on the side of the
street that's it and rant be nice people
do you agree do you think people should
be nice yeah people just not suck I hate
me let's suck yeah exactly that is the
mentality that I experienced growing up
all the time against skateboarders gay
people actually skateboarders are the
worst people in the world
skateboarding kept me focused
skateboarding kept me away from like
drugs and partying and all that stuff
that can like ruin your teenage life and
it was awesome you know like
skateboarding saved me so that lady can
fly off okay now I'm done I promise I'm
actually done with the rant I would
really like it if this club was not here
all right daddy water we should wind on
him shouldn't we should have but I
didn't have enough time sorry but Andy
was trying to I know we should never new
rule let's never ever skates shred
quarters before we have plans to go
Street skate that was awful
well this vlog showed turned out way
different than I meant it but it's not
gonna end here I actually got us some
things to go over with you dudes that I
need your help on and I'll do that in my
house in just a second but I'd like to
thank this guy for filming us with the
VX stuff that was awesome this guy for
aliens yeah we got it
we have some good Shrek horse footage
yeah you and Casey killed it
Oh Brian didn't do anything okay all
right so I'll see you guys at my house
in a second okay guys what's up I'm back
at home and my house kind of gave my
wife did some work here before she left
for work today
she worked before she worked the house
is starting to be Halloween down we got
like spiderweb stuff going on there
graveyard salt and pepper shakers which
actually I got her in Hawaii which is a
weird thing to bring back from Hawaii
and then look at this mantle right here
uh-huh oh it's going down I love the
holidays like starting at Halloween
season and on it's the best thing ever
so I'm kind of kind of psyched that all
this is happening thank you wife all
right so three things first off is that
this vlog showed was very weirdly it
kind of came together very weird I had a
concept to do the og skate video with
the V X and that was awesome but then
like everything else pretty much didn't
go as planned but I hope you guys have
liked to hang out with the journeyman
that is this video then the other two
things before I end it I want to say
these shoes I'm really excited that I
skated like I love the Swift though the
best skate you have ever skated s Swift
but it is nice to be back in the excel
slims like metrics and board control
felt pretty good today even though the
line I did at records gave me a little
trouble but those were all tricks that
don't ignore
do at least the table slide in the front
side flip our I don't know I just don't
do as much as the the front curry grab
but I like him and I'm excited to skated
him and now they're broken it a little
bit for New York so heck yeah
ok and the lastly is this no that's a
platform why this you would use this for
this okay see finger boards we started
talking to Tech Deck and I think they're
supposed to be getting back to us but we
really want to make revive finger boards
and we want to do it through tech tech
because they're so cheap for everyone
else to be cheap for you guys and I
personally love EDX like for as far as
fingerboarding goes like that's just
what I've always had I like the wooden
that the nicer ones too but at least for
a sales point like it'd be really easy
to get these and have them in stock so I
want you guys to go onto tech Tech's
intagram it's right here on the screen
it's tech tech in fact I'm going to make
sure that it is tech tech yes it is okay
right now if you want to help us out go
to their Instagram at tech depth and
follow them but more importantly go on
to one of the pictures and comment
please make revive tech decks that would
be so awesome I mean a lot help this
kind of push this forward we do a
contact we've been talking to them but I
feel like it's um like this might like
kind of push it to make a happen faster
and then hopefully would have them for
the holiday season if not you know of
course as soon as we can some do you
guys we would if you do do that thank
you so much I'll do a trick I actually
been meaning to do a fingerboarding
video with Rhydon again because I have
the best hubba in fingerboarding history
oh that's what that was it that was me
noseblunt to Xiang and I just watched it
it was a great front camera so you
couldn't see me I'm sorry it was not my
best fingerboarding but I hope you guys
liked this video thank you guys for
watching it I do daily videos for the
subscribe button and but mainly go bug
Technic on Instagram at Tech Deck thank
you guys I'll see you tomorrow cause I
do daily videos
I don't know hundra said that if I did
I'll say for a third time I do daily
views
this is what I'm getting is gone this is
what Casey does he's walking around the
warehouse hand boarding he gets he gets
like a paycheck I've been working all
day
I like Casey he said he's locked up
hands
you
