YouTube what's up guys so right here
right now is a top 5 skate memories with
Johnny guy here he has revived
skateboards newest pro and he actually
sent me this a while ago and I totally
forgot to upload it so I hope you guys
dig this it's it's brother interesting
here she put a lot of effort into this
video so yeah check it out I'm actually
gonna do two uploads today that's why
this isn't the og time of 3:30 a.m. so
here is Johnny Geiger enjoy and I'll see
you later today - hey guys what's up
it's me Johnny hi we are here into the
wild actually no we are in my garden
it's a nice place but today's video is
about my five favorite skate Mary's
alright I thought a lot about making
this video and it was hard to choose my
top 5 skate moments but I think I kind
of got him so number 5 releasing my
first 3 part not my first 3 part it was
like a the first 3 part that I was
actually satisfied with it it was my
three part 2015 there was the first 3
part that I was like ok that's not as
bad as my parts before
you know like releasing a sweet part is
always a good thing like you have you
are working for this for like three two
years maybe and then you put it out you
upload it and it's all done and that's
one of the best feelings in the world
like when the whole piece is finished
and put together let's go to the next
spot now this was just randomly filmed
here but I'm gonna take you to the next
spots of my memories we're gonna take
you there right now
this video is probably gonna be kind of
confusing because I started with five
and now we are in number one and number
one top spot in my life is right here
yeah you probably ask yourself why at
this but I witnessed for the first time
the magic of skateboarding yeah I used
to skate like I started when I was 12
and I just drove around like I just used
my skate park to get from A to B but one
day somebody came at me and he was like
hey do you know how to ollie and I was
like what's an ollie I can't understand
because I've never heard before of an
ollie
like I said I didn't watch YouTube skate
videos or anything I've never heard
anything at all about skateboarding I
just knew it was something to get from A
to B and so yeah he showed me an ollie
and I was the most Stoke kid on the
planet
trust me that was like unbelievable how
should this work that's my top spot
that's where it all started right here
this crappy concrete it's just gonna
take me like two minutes to get there
that's amazing right oh look at that gap
Wow 30 seconds from my house yeah
I'm skated it in seven years all right
we're almost there and okay for you guys
that are probably asking yourself what
are we doing here
it's another Fleck round spout it's the
spot where I land up my very first
kickflip and it took me 15 minutes to
land
yeah true sorry that's number two off
all my skate memories the first kickflip
one of the best feelings ever yeah the
magic happened right here somewhere
was kind of funny uh I didn't commit to
kickflip and I at that time I had this
friend he was ridiculous he was actually
kind of the douche because he told me
like yeah one stray flipped and eights
there before broken foot uh yeah right
and I believe what he said when I was 13
years old but now I was like nobody is
able to do that but obviously he did so
um he showed me how to kickflip on this
place and I couldn't commit to kickflip
and he held me and he helped me to
kickflip and after 15 minutes
I had it right that's it that's it from
this bot we are going to the next bar
oh yeah and I used to skate a lot of
flack ran that disc yeah that's what I
did
here's a clip oh yeah
all right we are at the next spot all
right right there right there so this is
the first decent stair sets I ever
trailer yeah they build one of my
favorite stairs I don't skate stairs or
get that much these days but if I do I
probably scared this set yeah it's ten
minutes away from my place
that's skate memory number four and it's
an H there luckily I never remove like
flips so here's the clip
yeah that was a trifle of a decent set
upstairs it was probably after four or
five years of skateboarding
that's dis happened yeah that felt like
oh you kind of reached another level
right let's pot off today it's right
here this pot turned into a club but
before it used to be a skate park and it
wasn't indoor skatepark and it was the
first skate park I've ever been to in
case you guys don't know I'm from a very
small village in Switzerland and this
was my first experience in a skate park
and I got inside and it was she's
totally mind blown because it was the
first time I saw skateboarding in real
life like other people we were actually
really good at skateboarding in real
life Johnna we kind of lost the
skatepark and like I told you guys it's
a clock now which is a huge bummer and
we are not having an indoor skatepark so
I can't practice in winter like I can
skate I mean we don't have an indoor
skate park right now and I can skate in
winter which which is a bummer like I
always get out sighs in - degrees which
is insane
yeah I can't decide maybe maybe this is
the skate top the top skate memory
number one like our nollie one of them
whatever I'm gonna leave it up to you
guys so thank you guys for watching if
you liked this video hit the like button
if you want to subscribe to my channel
just click on my head I'm Reese I
apologize for the accident but I think I
have a lot of great skate content on my
channel and I have a huge afro and I'm
from Switzerland whatever if you want to
subscribe to my channel just click on my
head and do it just go for it also in
the description link thank you guys so
much for watching this video I'll see
you guys soon hopefully
it's the bonus clip and you're ready for
bed aren't you you're not ready for bed
no okay then how about you stay up for
four days in a row five we have a deal
this is a handshake this is another just
repeated high-five sorry buddy I love
you good bed
you
