YouTube what is up guys it is a
day-in-the-life 60 and I'm going to try
a 720 double flip today which I haven't
tried in a long time but first I'm gonna
yell into my neighborhood is that the
head job I hope that just made one
person my neighborhood scratcher had to
be like just one shot about a hitch oh I
have a weird sense of humor I just have
one alone all the time
dude you got a Star Wars shirt going on
Oh looks good
hey breakfast banana yes good cereal and
you can watch funnel vision I put Nana
sir
you're welcome over right back with your
cereal and your peas yeah you wanted
peace for breakfast right yeah looking
good great for school let's go do your
bag here Oh toast and by literally
anybody right your first job Jim second
stop coffee and breakfast and then the
warehouse which is a very normal thing
in my life guys wanna know a dad joke
when you're reversing a car you just go
ah this really takes me back well we are
think I just reversed into heaven look
how bright that is barny the dinosaur at
the gym I got shorts on
I got coffee I've got shorts on
Casey I have shorts on yeah you did Earl
oh oh my gosh throws to me right in the
Wiener he goes mad good morning Casey
morning Ryan morning outs want that uh
yeah it is the date of my life
it really every day it's a day in my
life your stock money today I happen to
be filming it up I'm so glad Brian left
it's because I have a cat gun I'm gonna
go scared alright so the first thing I'm
doing instead of working because why
would I do that is I've got a camp gun
at the grocery store and I used one of
these since I was like seven I'm gonna
go scare bryony's ever want to do it
with me why wouldn't this come with them
that I'm just impressed these still
exist
where'd who's doing this with me that
week I don't know oh it smells great I'm
an 8 year old and even early did even
care hey are you doing I shot you
yeah you shot me I'm sorry dude did you
just shoot me you're really the only
didn't surprise you at all I knew
something's coming you guys open the
door then pause for like five minutes or
like three seconds I have it on film I
have the funnest job in the whole world
that funds should be work I'm gonna put
that out there it's just it's a great
word okay funnest I have the funnest job
in the entire world but I actually do
have to do some work so I'm gonna sit
down here and get my email game started
and then I'm going to have I have a
force meeting to go over the spring
wheels which are looking awesome
and then I'll just keep filling will get
into high jinks but eventually I'm gonna
try that 720 double flip off a ramp and
hopefully I don't hurt myself here look
at my knee you see that that's a bruise
doesn't feel good
work time who's a hot break up Jenna
how do I not and we're not another lyric
All Bran they got a book Houston I gotta
buy a plane ticket for speeding time you
have a face I knew he had a face he's
got a face yeah there was like a VHS
branded VHS tapes that looked like that
make the font black in the background
white those ones own with the slash love
a million times
yeah and then 51 on the circular one it
was a good meeting this good meeting JP
I'll see you at dinner tonight cool
house all right goodbye
peace out I'm ordering a plane to get
Houston I will see you next month
because we're filming a force DVD there
amongst other cities and digital
download yeah dawg that's why we're
doing it launch time I got a salad
Always Sunny in Philadelphia I'm good to
go
I like you look the whole thing Britt
was slingshotting nervous I finally have
pants on so I just did a bunch of work
and it's almost time to skate but I got
doing unboxing actually I need Brian
aims to be here he's not here but his
dog is higher all talking I knew that
would happen
I knew I mean as soon as I tried to go
me out you you'd be right at the door
hey I've got a surprise comes to death
you get my package no it's mine but if
there's stuff in it that you need oh
dude yeah exactly I didn't realize what
was give me a knife right now this is a
great spec sound cor - and you want that
so this means I take this and you take
my old one heck yeah this is one of the
yes - new candy bar yeah this is a good
one I need this so much so thank you
anchor for sending me goodies it's
actually been a while since they sent me
something so I'm really excited about
this if you guys need any sort of tech
anchor I can fully back
yes 100,000% really good I'm not getting
paid to say this in any way it's just
really really good product is the best
so thank you maker are you ready go
skateboard I am actually I'm trying a
720 double flip off the ran today good
luck
I think it's gonna happen no I get 540
double flow just fine it's good straight
quarters private skatepark this is the
greatest place in the whole world
let's shout out some orders from the
shore Zach I love to graham from Boiling
Springs
it sounds like a Mario like I level the
oiling spray really does yeah Chad from
Barstow California
there's a Panera there Panera at every
city yes but thank you guys Chad yeah
and gram Chad gram you rule
Kelly Rosso she's awesome who got the
crib with Tom for Mocksville
Fox Ford hots for that's better yeah
Ohio skateboard time I hope I'm feeling
kind of sick this is why the dumbest day
to ever try something dumb but when are
you really ready it's like a kid when
are you ready to try a 720
it's giving the 540 I'm going straight
for seven wish me luck
lovin it oh yeah thanks
but my feet came up that was weird
did not expect that one both feet were
on I needed 40 more degrees
I'm calling this trick failure I failed
I stuck it twice kinda I'll get rotated
all the way I need to I want to find a
big ramp don't go down I go up everyone
else oh dude I already showed you guys
you know that big bruise I just hit it
so bad I think I'm gonna be okay that's
a day I think I'll be okay one day it
hurts I didn't even know I hit I didn't
see it I just felt it I was like not
good
that's really good I think you're the
first year I've never seen that trick
done I have always imagined it but never
good good stuff alright so skating is
done I am going to stop by target then
I'm gonna go home and get ready for the
evening with the little dude he's got
karate and then we're going out to eat
with some friends it's gonna be a fun
night
whatever our names I don't even do a
good skateboard day see ya thank you
guys for work I'm leaving okay so I'm
done with work that was very unfortunate
that I failed miserably on my 720 flip
and hurt myself hopefully I'm just
better tomorrow but I'm gonna go home
and it's very cold outside I think it's
actually snowing now I got to go this
really takes me back right here
target I bet you they won't have a
revive tactics do not have revive
tactics I have no idea when these tech
decks are finally going to appear in
stores I know they exist but I did get
my wife some some kitten socks and then
me being the smart person I am I got two
so I'm gonna give away these in a random
straight quarters comm order so someone
gets cat socks that's why because I'm
dumb when you're a kid you have pillagin
parents all the time
I got an alien knee cuz I hit it again
yeah so you don't even want to be next
to it yep will you wear those yeah thank
you
good actually about to sew some randoms
skateboard orders gonna get socks to the
dog boys are oh yeah you got home from
school too didn't you
what you're sitting in them it's not a
chair it's dog toys look a toast where
is toast he's so sad he's I mean near
brought near by how was school good what
did you learn
whale whale whale where huh you learned
how to spell it okay that makes sense
good he had an answer usually doesn't
have an answer for me hey you wanna go
do some playing though seriously playing
spell where W that's correct you need a
little help that's good that was so good
okay what are you doing what are you
making
oh fingerboard obstacle course oh geez
what do I gotta do you know I'm terrible
at the loop I know you try I'm gonna
break my wrist doing it all right axel
alt Emanuel to nose manual to manual to
up Oh to firecracker okay because I
couldn't do much better than that when
you get the low all right so you're
gonna work on the Lego and I'm gonna
figure board and then you won't have one
more bag dude I just did the most
perfect nollie flip flip ever and here's
a potion trick huh you're doing it
you're using five legs but you're doing
it nailed it hey you yelled me when
you're done with this okay I'm gonna go
read a script I love you yeah so he's
like a lego pro now so I don't get to
like help him out I still build with him
but like when he gets new LEGO sets he
does it on his own I just I'm just there
it's snowing right now but yeah I've got
to read a script a new script came in of
a movie that I'm going to be in and I
got to read it really fast cuz I have a
meeting with the director like this week
so it's gonna be a wild ride this movie
get ready for karate alright yes so I
read a ton of the script I'm almost done
I'm feeling really good about it but now
it's time to go to karate and you have
to practice because you have a belt test
on Wednesday yep are you gonna do it
we're gonna get a new belt okay what
color oh yeah
do ninjas usually have a socks on here
we go get this jacket off the guy made
nunchucks out of pretzels are you ready
oh you know what I gotta leave YouTube
in the car I'm we're going to karate
class she was like oddly proud of having
three butt cheeks all right crannies
done it is snowing still but not sitting
to the ground so I can't snow skate we
are at high Bochy what
yeah it's hibachi it's to be good are
you gonna run your phone till your
camera no I can put it to my computer
but hey this who's eaten dinner with us
hot damn table there is a picture of
Britney when she was like - oh yeah look
Jack Jack's a good guy
you don't get in the fountain Did you
touch one right cool let's go wash your
hands
are we dating like we're generalizing
it was good we got here riding tomorrow
come to find out her grandma had a
secret bowling career yeah birthday card
Wow for me it was Ryan's birthday like
two days ago when we're filming this so
like a week from when you're watching it
got some uh after birthday love coming
in you ready to go to bed dude it's late
a day in the life 60 is done is that
your potion does it come here nightlight
it's pretty awesome but thank you guys
for watching this was a day-in-the-life
60 and it's the winter so I can't really
go out and do too much but when it gets
warmer out we're gonna having some
adventures aren't we running yeah it'll
be fun and I'll be skating out in the
world it'll be great maybe you might be
big too big in the 950 something can I
be on your shoulders if I can rock that
sure oh you probably won't want to be
thank you guys for watching I'm putting
him to bed then I'm just editing at
turbo time and then I'm then I'm gonna
get to sleep because I feel like I'm
getting sink which is the worst thing
ever if you want to see more for me to
sit the subscribe button right down
below the video and you're signed up and
uh yeah I have a new revive skateboard
strength test coming tomorrow
what are you doing but uh I'll see you
guys I'll see you guys then thanks for
hanging out yep yep here to read this
book you gonna read us this book right
wow he knows how to read now flap up
stable a pop
you read me something really just get
tossed Pikachu to the side
you
