okay what's up guys so I have a surprise
for ridin all right my friend time
Austin's dad have a capuchin monkey
which is which is theirs coming over and
ridin has no idea so I'm just gonna film
a little thing and we're gonna hang out
with a monkey today I hung out with him
a little bit earlier today and he's
adorable so I'm gonna get riding up here
he probably thinks he's coming up to a
surprise right now but he's not they're
about to come to the door in a little
bit
Rati go upstairs hurry did you think the
surprise was here right now
it's not we had wait for it come on
hopefully any moment now okay hey are
you done with that go throw me Oh
the surprise is here you stay back there
okay excited yeah it's a ton of less
yeah yeah it's just a box of lettuce
that you have to eat buddy I don't think
it's actually here I think you're just
go to bed for the day close your eyes
Kate keep them close
hey all right no but I'm he was already
are you
hey bashful yeah yeah you did I told him
like a few days ago that he might but I
did this is boot easy hi yeah I'm ready
we're a newspaper or lager you
skateboard boo has a YouTube channel to
when he's on your dad's lap you can't
touch him okay just one person at a time
makeup user you may say with you to see
how that sin
open your arms let them teeth now and I
will gently pet them you like your
blender
they take home yep
redneck over here there's a good shot
you like him didn't take long for y'all
to make friends
you want to see me - banana that'd be
awesome moment yeah I like bananas is
that is that your hungry face what is
that oh you can do it out that's what he
does
cuz he knows I'll pick it up for him
yeah it is gonna be very jealous
oh look his belly's not very big he'll
probably eat this whole banana in a
plural taking about two and a half or
three minutes you know much does it oh
he likes it
is it good okay
I can't believe my kids aren't like
everyone just walked by he'll be like
you want some cats or well if there
weren't a rock on it they will play with
it he likes to jump at me yeah well I'll
be amazing we're not short do that first
erectus with my ladies hey bud
I don't have I guess they could let you
flip my cell phone like you did sabers
yeah it is my cell phone turns over you
turn it on press the button there you go
whatever look who's on there at the
warehouse
he put a hat on me and then put it on me
two more times
yeah I'll pick you noise boo honey
what's the Naza cab I need later falls
it was to look into this dark cat that's
over let him do his own tweet sometimes
really that has amazing be like Oh
having around he'll do one fingers like
no really
okay Wow so boo has an Instagram and
Twitter account and I'm gonna tell you
guys all about all of his accounts but
he actually tweets his own tweet
sometimes oh yeah when you're a dad to
get durable you don't have a full up
I thought you'd after you did the way
you skate up in Jetta fold thankful
Adele what if you beat me in a game of
skate hour I'm not to practice before we
play way kick cuz I got break it well
he's kind of holding this you should see
when he steals like I expected a really
big glass of drink he'll run which it
over his head yeah home care like they
get away run yeah shake his hand okay so
he really likes grapes
just like food like riding like boom hey
oh I don't have anything look see he's
in his carrying case
you're welcome thinking haha alright if
you guys want to check out boo he has an
Instagram and Twitter calendar right
down there but more importantly his
YouTube channel which will be at the end
of this video
and right down in the info you can check
out all the crazy adventures who gets
into come on
thank you alright and I was capable with
you soon so how fun was that yeah you
loved hanging out with boo yeah what was
your favorite part
yeah you crawl in your lap and he was
all like oh cuddly with you yeah then
you pet him yeah yeah I was awesome I am
so lucky in life
not just because I have all the awesome
people but all the experiences that I've
been able to have like this one through
all of the wonderful people in my life
so I want to thank the moss family for
bringing boo over here boo was so sweet
I mean you saw him he was just awesome
he's a capuchin monkey be sure you guys
check out taboos YouTube channel okay
would you like to watch food videos
right tonight we're gonna start watching
few videos aren't we mmm we'll see
we'll watch two tonight okay 105 honey
five now - will do - gotta leave some
for the other days but you guys should
definitely check it out I mean seriously
it's like watching a monkeys life that's
awesome the channel link is right down
there and they ended this video I hope
you guys Doug hanging out with us I do
daily videos here myself so if you want
to see more from me hit the subscribe
button and this guy is in videos with of
mine all the time who is the best videos
ever happened to me
hi I love you alright you want to say
anything you know say goodbye with the
boys clip the bonus club is after this
and it's probably a monkey or maybe the
bonus clip is you acting like a monkey
don't do that
what alright say bye for now
for now say peas YouTube be he do
oh yes peas YouTube cube peace YouTube
all right be a monkey Macao what just
happened what is that
you
