here we go nope
warehouse Wednesday where else Wednesday
yeah it is where else weighs a beautiful
day outside we should I wish you the
dumbest kinda member something oh yeah
that's awesome I got it at a like a
media talk like I was talking to people
about shampoo and they were they gave
his hat
cool story it was a good story still
 Sam Tabor that's me
hey buddy hey man are you want to do a
trick for us today no what okay we're
going inside we're done all right you're
gonna do a trick so this week warm-up
you have to do five shoe to garbage can
trick shots five of them your shoe
kicked across the skate park into a
garbage can okay after you do that we're
going to dress you in things okay no
easy okay that's weird you just said
that hole it was you're gonna keep your
clothes on but we're gonna add stuff to
you like maybe this hat we're gonna
dress you just like that
and we're gonna make you do a dark slide
within 10 minutes if you do you get a
gift card to gamestop yes good got it
okay or $25 if you don't do it that's
half a game I mean if you don't do it I
don't know Wilke your car okay perfect
no we won't
of you don't do it but you have to
assemble our skateboards for a month
okay you're gonna grip I make I really
hope he doesn't like this now I'll be
amazing all right awesome
let's do this that's good how does this
hat that dumb did you look at the Hat
all right I'm a misty myself I don't
know dude I could totally see myself
taking myself home did you even film
that's a terrible head all right Sabre
well there's ty doing a three flip saber
yes so you want to use this garbage can
yeah we're good all right you have a
shoe I know yeah
yes you do yes okay first one let's go
basic let's put it against the wall
we're gonna go easy on you okay
against the wall that was oh my gosh v
ur head sabers chin in your hand no it
sucks he's healed up back for if this
takes him a long time he shouldn't win I
agree uh
you can do it from there I guess first
try you must hit me like yeah if you hit
us you get bonus points that was awful
that is awful I get called my finger oh
I was a swoosh good that was vastly
better than the other tries this one
let's do a Mitchel holding you get to
hold it go over there he's holding it
will bounce off yeah it'll bounce up
right you didn't even bounce up the wall
though we like went right in okay I want
you to just a move back and forth like
you're an arcade game in the carnival
okay I may see this is to walk pack it
for I don't know
Oh Brian's good at that dude you should
seriously consider a career at the
carnival when you think about it we've
had years of practice for that we really
have we didn't something ready yeah oh
my god I'm good you're great that was
really good we didn't need ty get a high
five I mean deserves a high five
oh you got a plan
dude this should be the last one this is
amazing way to okay tied you want to be
the trash can return guy oh let me get
it you didn't this is actually one of my
favorite challenges that we've done like
outside of the skating challenges
oh my gosh
Oh
Oh
ah
that was really good I must be the
traffic good
I really thinking about the beauty look
at how he's sitting now if this hits him
in the face is gonna be so much better
but if you get it in it's kind of like
you're hitting him in the gonads it's
nice all right go
that's gonna be hard to keep it low
yeah I gotta like guard it
the room is a little low for this happen
we're going to let him do it at the
bottom of the stairs that was run in and
welcome to the ceiling and I hope a shoe
get stuck up there I do too you held
super focus they just did it it was the
only time he was remember with closed
you're going over the stage
yeah that counts if it hits Brian in the
face and goes in and totally counts I'm
like the backboard
that was so easy oh so scary I didn't
get a good shot you get hit in the face
Brian
okay something's still looking down
slapped me in the face of the shoe hey
aren't you happy I'll just say that's
exactly what you should have done I know
you're happy that I finally kicked you
in the face of the shoe
all right Brian's more excited about
that shot than I am but the song yeah
that's the very first put that on and
then we're going to take you over to the
the team bin the team put some new
clothes on my friend Sabre are you ready
I'm ready
I like how we had you warm up with no
skateboarding Sabre come on over here
what do you want to wear well that's for
sure now let's put yeah two hoodies
let's start with two hoodies I'm gonna
I'm gonna die yeah I know that's the
thought all right here's the old Eames
Radler shirt you go to that top of it no
put it in your oh yeah okay that's
that's fine put it on top of the hoodie
maybe so hot buddy you can get it all
you get do it's a dark slide is this an
extra extra small you can approach me
how you feeling right now
so hot oh yeah thanks you look great you
look just fantastic especially the
shorts the shorts just really bring this
all together let's put this shirt in
your pocket
this is gonna be one amazing thumbnail
you know the dumb thing is that I could
totally see going to the skate park and
seeing this happening water bottle yeah
all right now one more thing over here
what are we doing right now I'm gonna
tape this around his shins as he might
get a sinner
oh my gosh how do you feel protected Oh
frown and walk away for singing oh my
gosh it's ask are you ready to try a
dark side not really know what's
happening right there kind o day right
there wait are you ready I am commence
dark clock 10 minutes hardest dark slide
ever
mediocre now that was great at first
attempt it has to be way better than
that we I told you we should've given
seven minutes five minutes I'm not that
mean it's outside starts now you
finished was that
easy to do it I think he's going to take
in for it
does it need wax no I'm good I think I'm
good
okay now that we're in the heat of the
moment how do you feel about this hot
it's been one minute and 40 seconds how
we dressed like that
I did it but I should clean it up you
should you should tuck up a minute in 54
so I know he absolutely did it know that
he stopped for like 18 10 seconds this
worked the whole ball he can darks like
good we're gonna make him do it good
wow you look like a cowboy with that I
don't care if he stops like for a second
but he can't stop and like get situated
it's like a balls bigger man he does I
don't see that but I thought was it that
understand a good one
hectic in 2 minutes and 20 seconds right
when I said 5 minutes and you're like no
10 it shouldn't through MIT I was still
kind of bad though
tic-tac you slid like majority of that
box you want to Baghdad do it again I
want to count it I want to count it and
I want he done I will do it again McLean
ok if you clean it up we'll give you the
gift card because you did do it
but you owe is coffee what if I don't do
I don't know how this makes sense but
I'm just kind of why I don't do it again
I go for high fives
I'm bachelors with the torch in the road
I wouldn't call it bad that could have
been great honey it looks normal
it looks normal but that's what I'm
saying couldn't you see go into the
skate park and seeing some a dress like
that
absolutely actually this is a new thing
please someone go is Halloween as
darkslide Sam okay Sam of the dark slide
that's what this ensemble is called
please dress like that for Halloween oh
my gosh maybe dark slacks Sam swimming a
hashtag right now get that thing to dark
to sweatshirts you got how do you feel
about shirts that are red I love them
I'm getting coffee he went the wrong way
he did it sometimes when he did do it
though so much sweat in my body
I would like to say that this guy has a
YouTube channel he does a lot of I don't
really want anything that's on you on my
body from here on out all right so he
has a YouTube video he has a lot of
entertaining he's got a lot of YouTube
views hits a lot of those he's a lot of
entertaining content so go check it out
he's actually been blowing up on some
bottle flippin time yeah yeah gradual
ations on those dude he also gets
skateboarding as you just saw so his
channel is right down there and at the
end of this video thanks man you look
like you look like an idiot subscribe -
Brian - yeah we tried that it didn't
work saver congratulations yay what are
you gonna get $25 of things a Gamestop
yeah I know but our weather one of the
things here she's Willy Wonka oh my god
Oh JA
do you have any idea how to wax a box
