what is up guys we are Street
skateboarding today and then I have some
family stuff to do and I'm gonna fill
snippets clips you're gonna kind of go
along the day with me but you won't see
everything we do because we're filming
for taking over the world or if I'm
second full-length video and we're going
to a stair spot right now for this to be
kind of trick
it should be fun though so hang out and
also Braille sent me a package so I'm
gonna unbox that would ride in later in
the video so thun thun thun thun thun
yeah like it's already tuning in let's
give a dumb thing to say right so tune
in like I'm tuned in and II hear an
idiot she dumped me because I used a
fork like what we are at Norwood Thomas
bump bump bump bump and the lighting
does not let me see your face right now
but here's a face you can see kind of
yeah don't use that call these super
gross one time I asked a girl in LA
traffic if I can hamper chapstick and
she threw it as we were driving and I
I've used it too I wasn't worried about
me she look she look fine you know she
looked like a believable person I think
is one of those things that you lose all
the time no matter how many yeah cuz
guys in traffic randomly ask you for it
but it's funny because a lot of you are
like that is disgusting you know but at
the same time if I told you if I was
single if I told you I met up with a
random girl and made out with her you
wouldn't think anything other like cool
good job what about user chapstick
that's gross
you know like you put your tongue in her
mouth but don't use her chapstick screw
so here it is this is the Norwood 8
which it's kind of knowing because they
black topped it so like the eight stairs
they only flush the crud you know ground
yeah but you have to clear the eight
stair like if you hit there that
wouldn't count so I it's Nate it's also
it's also called the normal date I
wouldn't call it anything else but this
is like the best set of stairs ever I
love it and I don't want to jump down
I'm filmin Thomas today I actually have
been jumping down stuff way too much
lately and I had a heel bruise and a hip
bruise and I'm pretty beat up so Ryan
Bracken is trying to throw his bottle
from the top of stairs to his board
which spoiler is not gonna happen but he
gets a lunch from KC if he does
there it is watch first try nope
so I'm done goofing around it's time for
Thomas's show showdown time you should
just set it in the Sun the lighting like
Papa dude I mean it's the same thing
yeah it's the same exact thing Tommy's
got the drag it didn't took me that long
Thomas good job we're going to get some
refreshments I think these dudes reading
Jimmy John so we're gonna meet them up
there but then we're gonna go to the
world's smallest handrail and I'm gonna
write myself I don't think you can it's
so tiny it's fun though we're having
building with some words on it I'll
start you to the society with a hint of
lime I don't wanna hit you okay well
sorry and I got a freaking too sunny
sparkling is this something that Brian
Ames would drink and it tastes horrible
don't you a good thing is that I got a
Dasani of normal water for the next pot
so that's what I'm doing
where's Jimmy John's oh there's Chipotle
we should come to a pool allottee found
you Jimmy John's so you guys are eating
sandwiches which a normal person would
eat in Jimmy Johnson I asked terrifical
which they gave me a pickle they didn't
mess up and it's the biggest pickle on
the whole world
probably ten minutes let's go let me go
yeah I don't know I just feel like
popcorn shrimp is out of fashion
alright so they're redoing the Lots
where the rail is so we're not skating
on for today but we're gonna go into
this old ditch that we used to skate in
which is so overgrown but hopefully
something exciting happens it's funny
because this is a spot that hey Thomas
remember that one time you really were
awesome at closing the door this mascara
is all about adventuring Garrett backs
it for this Oh Jeff Phillips friends fo
once I flip I may have Ollie did it I
don't even remember someone Nedry
bah
I didn't even pull gear on dude okay now
it really feel like we're in Jurassic
Park I'm not even in Hawaii
hey this is getting like crazy we're
like gonna we gonna rock we're dead nuts
I'm so psyched to not be doing that
anymore all right we came over here
anyway
the people stopped working a lot so
we're looking at it it's the small
Israel ever
oh yeah their gear is right there all
right let's just do a quick quick board
slides and be done all right Rome sucks
way more than I remember
it's got a nice stuff because it's just
low it's not like you actually slide it
you actually can feel bored flirting a
lot dudes came back and we didn't want
to like cramp their space they didn't
even talk to hidden has just leave but
we were like gonna be like you know what
you're about to do work here so we're
gonna leave and I gotta go anyway so
this is a vlog is sewed as far as
skating goes it was just like me doing
flip tricks all I can H stare and then
skating a really tiny handrail but uh
hope you guys enjoyed that I'm about to
leave and go hang out with the family
and then I don't know if these dudes are
gonna keep skating but you guys aren't
gonna see them I got hit right in the
head for take over the world Casey tried
the rail once hit me in the head and
then he was done you'll see that flips
in the fulling goodbye Casey
goodbye Bracken I actually have five you
high-five Casey for me in the future
goodbye Thomas good job on your trick
thank you and thank you for him in the
head
I'm home it's super clean in here my
wife and I rocked this place this
weekend so think the nicest the house
has probably ever been okay Sami I
cleaned up we were going to a state park
with like trails and stuff and a lake so
we were pretty cool off thump some stuff
on my cell phone I probably won't film
like a whole thing of it because I want
to enjoy it and relax with my family
you'll devil√≠s you some cute clips of
ridin havin fun of the park and we will
come to the park we're here we're at the
park we're drilling out and gonna do my
stuff in then there's ridin right there
look at your face with your face what
you call me Dad all right what are you
gonna do huh
all right then if you're better than me
catch this that's what I thought got it
right and who is eating a Funyun what
are we doing let me go first hey case
there's anything so dad can see it get
into your kid so you have a drink by
this these ones aren't that good very
boring is it a pretty thick all right
which way should we go
okay let's go this way this is way
better this is a good way of doing it
just don't fall off okay it's just thick
hey guy I swear those velociraptor about
to pop out and say hey it go turn around
way to go this bush is it our way why is
it so buddy-buddy we got to go back
there's nothing to do and you need to
stop drinking that fruit fruit punch
that's right there was right in got some
cauliflower there that's cauliflower
isn't it what is it it smells like cake
it's apple turnovers icing and you're
running away get your icing hands away
from me okay
No
you got my you didn't get me right in oh
my gosh we gotta clean this place up
all right so we cleaned up it looks a
little better good job you did most of
it as you should because it's your
playroom but so we were doing the
unboxing like I talked about the game
this video this is a package from
Braille skateboarding who are my dudes
Aaron's been a part of Eve even before a
vibe of revenge he's been a part of what
I do the company's for so long so Thank
You Aaron for everything that you do but
specifically for giving so much back to
the skateboarding community my gosh it's
amazing how much Braille is blown up is
last year well deserved to write is
destroying this box and they also gave
me this so thank you for this I haven't
opened it up I imagine there are good
things in this I don't actually know
what they sent me
but they did say they gave riding a
surprise this is no kind of a weird
blaga sewed it's been really random but
oh it's been entertaining for you but
this is the real reason why we're doing
is opening this box I refused oh there
we go I broke free open a Ripa dude
there we go
I'll start pulling it out what's this
first we got a note we know it does say
right it says right and rocks burly so
Andy is the bomb strip within your
playroom we should put them up somewhere
welcome them on the okay so we will put
those on the wall here in just a second
oh my gosh they're wrapped there's like
a little big presence in here is this
for you
this is from this is from Aaron Cairo
it's been a while since you've seen
their it husband don't open just yet I'm
gonna yeah we're gonna open up what
would I get first done today
done yes I bugged him all the time
everybody you guys we've gotta make some
read Braille shirts for me so heck yeah
you're the back of it that's awesome and
I got two which I will put to use you
guys will see yeah same thing
let's over these first okay it's for you
oh you want to keep it this yeah we'll
put it right there and what is that oh
you got your first skate tool riding as
a Braille skate tool see it puts your
skateboard together so next time you put
a board together you can use that one
okay oh it's Santa stickers which
Christmas is in a few months so now you
got some stickers right and these are
when you get gifts you can put these
stickers on the gifts to say to air in
from right in heck yeah
got some Braille stickers yep boom I bet
you I know that it is a skateboarding
made simple DVD and when you want to
start learning new tricks it has a list
on how to do a lot of tricks right here
here hold it up oh yeah - heck yeah so
there you go it's a little big but that
you'll do have to grow into it but then
we can wear the same shirt can't we I'm
sure it's the same size or I don't know
oh no this is a little smaller so you'll
be able to fit in this one soon heck
yeah what do you say Darren's it would
say Thank You Aaron
yes that was super nice Thank You Aaron
Cairo and then the whole Braille team
all of them even the people you don't
see in front of the camera they're
awesome awesome people's if you want to
check out Braille they do a lot of
really fun YouTube videos where they
skate the weirdest stuff in the whole
world
so either be able to write down their
high weird nose
it's writing thank you you're probably
already subscribed to them because they
have blown up this last year but if
you're not to go check them write down
the info and like what you see it it's
really good stuff there we go right and
there we go
you like it there you guys go I hope you
guys liked this little vlog is sewed I
do videos every single day so hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
from me and then this guy's in a lot of
them aren't you riding hey okay whoa
cheesy was gonna hit in the face that
you just fell in the imaginary trapdoor
hey hope you guys have a great day go
skateboarding skateboard if you don't I
would say bust out Super Mario World for
the superintendent or of his nice
outside go outside and play Super Mario
World outside goodbye not yet say
goodbye
right and it is officially the bonus
clip and guess what we get to do guess
what we get to do do you want to know we
get to clean up this
