YouTube what is up guys this guy that's
taking my picture is about to do a Q&A
you guys ask some questions on my
Instagram we're gonna answer them right
here right now is a super sunny day we
are in New York right now but that's and
I don't but by the time you watch this
we will be back in Cincinnati doing our
normal routine but uh let's get to it
right sure you ready
are you done taking photos I'm done
thing tonight where is the can't where
is the questions I'm gonna ask you dress
yeah I'm gonna how many so son key is it
something for you you get a hat or at
least some of the pictures I care about
it get like five five thousand likes you
got eight thousand that's good we're
gonna press is putting a lot of times
question number one this guy oh my gosh
King clutch you ask you a thousand
questions we want to pick King
collectors questions huh okay he says
how did you meet Andy would use me camp
current apparently I remember this I
remember yeah I've told this story a
million times
I borrowed a goose mom's book like he
offered it he was like one of those very
nice and giving people and you say oh
yeah so he let me he's making over my
community right now by the way I am
yeah I'm answering what you just said
you don't remember so that's how we met
he gave me excuses book I didn't go back
so I'm in sixth grade and I was like I
don't want to talk to that guy because I
didn't give him his goose bones look
back see if stole my book yeah that's
how me man has that back yeah I have all
of them I wanna bet I really don't
forget I think it was hope it was like
the look in a regional cop it might have
been the camp one what was it like camp
Connor CS says would you shave your
sideburns to get lightning bolts in them
okay my sideburns actually I used to it
like when I was a kid I used to have
when you were a kid when I was a kid
like when I was young you know kids be
like the steps I remember I might hold
at some point I might have you're a
Harry Potter at least the side of your
face was this is an awesome question
Alex spag says what's the worst thing
he's ever done to you I don't know
you've done some pretty terrible things
what I locked you out of the warehouse
it made you watch me put ranch on myself
that was pretty bad I was pretty bad
that was pretty bad I kicked you in the
face of the tennis ball that was an
accident we're playing magic one time
and you tickle your peanut butter and
butter sandwich and open it up and just
in just smeared it all over her face
I made a peanut butter and butter
sandwich peanut butter and butter is
that a thing people I don't know it was
that day not a thing and you thought it
was gross that I was eating that to make
it was so to make it worse I just
smashed it on my face
what peanut butter on one side and
butter on the other and put it together
and made that a sandwich that was a
thing that he did
that's not a thing and you wanted to
puke yes that is disgusting
till there was like butter squeezing out
of that you can see like the bite you
can see like peanut butter and butter
like squeezing out between the two
pieces of bread that is disgust and it
was on my face yes
waste Dukey says when you're turning pro
I'm Pro and only the you can what you've
seen that skid HUD says name James
burrows pros does its list of this probe
so I'm proud owner up this guy's pro
that is a there's a misprint by the way
and he did there is a there's a tornado
of leaves you see it I hope you guys
could see it yes yet that was crazy
if you're watching this video I'm not
I'm not a professional skateboarder I'm
turning your pro I'm not your pro know
you shake my hand you're pro okay this
this question has to be answered because
everyone and their mom and then their
mom's friends are gonna ask cable now
know what's your favorite board does
that asks other than everyone skate like
eight six seven for our fair board we've
ever put out yeah oh I don't know I
guess ever it's just as a favorite deck
Honeywell favorite favorite deck is a
three-piece series the Tower of the the
the Karma last name Commerce hits cha
for whatever we're gonna because I was
consolidated three so it's all date
local falls on the tree smashes him and
he goes up to heaven it's like the best
series now okay alright well there you
go our board
I like the red lifeline yeah it's the
best yes we're put up what were you
doing before revived taking pictures
professionally
yeah his profession forever still do it
that was Haydn stuttered Hamish Woodcock
says if you could look like Gandalf
would you and why and he's a pretty
sweet beard
hi Rocco Ronald Rock a really large
beard like that couldn't do the long
hair like that I'm cool the beer
I wanted yes okay yes answers yes and
why cuz he looks cool cuz it's beard
possession skating two one six is Andy
or Sam Andy or Sam yep wow that's a good
which which Sam as we take it out to
take it as it is how would either take
Andy or Sam vegetable the ear answer is
not symptom not Sam Davis yes Jay BAM 19
says if you had to shave your beard to
skate would you why would have to in
this world this is what's happening yes
I would though sucks so much but yeah if
I had to yes
it's not runny enough beef tornado
members are confused guy a Cullen says
what what made you make revived
skateboards what made me make this yeah
well actually well technically the
revive part of it was a group decision
between actually us and all the riders
and at the time yeah a group chat going
but we couldn't trademark revenge so we
had to go with another name we launched
vibe with a very large boss in the bus
in the background and it was a good
decision
I like revive I like the word rock
revived a lot better it's more did I
kept the brand uplifting but before
revive we were revenge so and I started
that and then I brought him on board
once I saw that it could be like a
bigger thing and it's been pissed
ever since football is back my back mr.
chromosome says why do you hate ranch it
tastes really bad have you tasted it yes
he's great it's horrible tastes so good
it does not taste good it's I don't know
I don't know what it is the creaminess
and what it is about it it Dulce created
the bad the bad flavor nests of it barn
Peterson says what's the funniest moment
in your whole skate career funny dude
this one you got to think about for like
a long time the first thing comes to
mind so the thing that comes to mind I
was in the back of Britain ovett car
crying yeah yeah is this panorama
actually put on the screen right now no
good it's a picture that Sam Taber shot
in San Francisco it's an every single
person in the photo is perfectly like
normal okay even and then Jason Park is
like this robotic buff like superhuman
it's amazing even the person you can
look at the person directly behind him
that's like overlapping and they're fine
they're good to go the only Jason is
just like the most buff beefed out
person you've ever seen it's an amazing
photograph it's like a really pretty
panorama of like the bay yes super mater
Jason part you just zoom into Jason
oh we were crying I mean in tears the
first time I saw this bread no bag and
carry we're just looking at me like
we're the most insane people in the
world they had nothing to a
skateboarding but that was but it hasn't
happened on the ski trip yeah Kathleen
David a blue tile David blue towel says
who's your favorite scientist I know I
don't know I would have to say Egon
Spengler yes I like the appropriate
answer
my parrot scientists love me and say I
love you you Newark it's hard to say say
it I love you New York he said it I love
you New York there it is and I don't
really have an opinion on tofu my wife's
a vegetarian she enjoys tofu she likes
it
steamed she likes her she likes our tofu
steamed with rice I don't care about the
in price I'd eat it who's that Townley
ask some that I would like to know
what's your food what's what's what
what's your favorite ninja turtle who
Michelangelo Michelangelo acceptable
answer what if also accepted Donatello
Raphael or Leonardo Loftus Koloff this
is what made you choose to work with
revive over other skate companies I mean
the wider range of skate punk companies
that have asked me to work with them I
thought that revive would be the
smartest dude to work with because I own
it and started it skater Louie says do
it ghetto bird no emma loves comet okay
cool asks what's the hardest jerk you've
ever done artists trigger ever done her
grin he'll flip for sure the one that
bounced on the ground hard I did it it
took you a long time Nick Milligan film
it in my driveway of my parents house
for like five hours while awesome it
took forever he did it though it was in
your video part and I haven't landed yet
but the man III show for the warehouse
on the bond is the man a path that's
currently the hardest trick that I'm
working on last of all we've been doing
this for a second yeah everyone cares
about your beard but it's all the same
question like would you shave it would
you shave it if you were naked in
Australia you know her clothes you might
like if you were naked in Australian you
had to shave your beard to get close you
might make a clothes out of my beard
here what make in order to receive
clothes you just have to shave your
beard that need to be closed in
Australia I guess yeah gonna be a really
crappy reason to have to shave my beard
thrash to eat chicken 9 to 9 says have
you ever had a fight with a member of
revive a fight yeah
like what well I mean I don't I know I
can say that right now but what's the
most tense moment I guess you can say
most tense moment I don't know the mass
I've ever been in someone would have to
be you
you're usually mad at me for not may not
being were such to you like if I do so
like you should have done that worse
than that you're right I don't know I
don't remember a time that what you were
actually angry at me like I don't think
I've ever said I'm sorry to is genuine
apology it's more you know the mess I
get in the revive realm I guess would be
just what I'm being like one see
yourself
yeah myself yeah myself that's good so
you're like trying on yourself you're
travelling way across the country or
something like this and you're bringing
people to like California or New York
City or something like that it cost
money to bring people here and the trip
is not being as productive it is where
you need to get more photos and it could
be your fault because you chose the
wrong spots or you or whatever but I
would say myself
let's get answered there you guys go
hope you guys like the Q&A I do daily
videos here so hit the subscribe but if
you want to see more from me I'll see
you guys tomorrow
and then this guy you can check him out
on Instagram Brian aims at at Brian
Eames and then he has a YouTube channel
it's fantastic it's great it's right
here click on it right now I'm after
well it's in the info sign oh don't
click anywhere just go the info you
should check it out it's some guy that
walked I think I've got like 33 seconds
of amazing content multiple videos it's
so good okay all right cool let's go
flight since daddy okay
didn't kidding I can't kick my shoe over
to them I think he make it you gotta be
very quick and see me hard to hold it
pretty good that was like a solid 4/5 of
the way there but again do it again that
sucked
Thomas Thomas whipped each other's whip
