it is brutally hot outside use it what's
up guys so I am just I'm recovering from
sickness right now and I don't have a
whole strength to actually skateboard
the way I want to so I got Casey that's
me and I got this trampoline the John
Hill left at this at the warehouse
That's not me that's not him and we're
gonna do some creative trampoline
skateboard tricks what do you look at
your watch for Bryan
I got a pic message oh my gosh if he has
an apple on it gets Julian 17 why are
you look at your watch cuz I got a text
message all right we're gonna go in here
and this might be stupid no promises but
it's gonna be fun it's gotta be stupid
yeah it's gonna be stupid ready you
ready bright name
that worked that didn't bread start
basting I got the perfect setup but you
still like people doing with me word cuz
I'm gonna use it as mine to my truck not
what you're getting is that okay sure
cool
because you want
voila
working with you know I'm the pop it's
amazing
dude you're dying on this I got mangoes
yeah there's two looks I would say that
was you know that's gonna leave a mark
but it already I mean
your turn it's moving you roll wall
bounce layin duo are you setting your
camera perfect yeah it's gonna be got
that that did not look nearly as cool as
it felt part it was so hard
now we'll do one swap
it's a 5 watch my video on Friday grand
finale right
thank you very much that was a handshake
right you yeah you grew up so hard so
early that I wasn't able to even respond
there you go that's good one know better
when you first hired me I took your hand
yeah you did I'm sure I did so thanks to
this dude for doing with me
it was fun this guy has a channel and
actually I did - where else Wednesday
with him somewhat recently and I forgot
to shout his channel also this is double
double the freaking icing on the cake
you need to go down there and check his
channel out and if you guys like this
video let us know and the info and we
might do a sequel batch because there's
so much more we could do with this but
you get a big trampoline and watch like
a skateboard yeah that would be safe
he'll be very safe but thank you dude
that's fun yeah it was that's it now I
got the real state board and I can you
use Brian's the whole time I didn't want
to mess matter
play doom right hold a skateboard it's
got a cat on it if my wife is gonna love
this
