what is up guys it is day three in
Hawaii and I'm still sore I would say
that I got ripped off on this trip
because I'm still sore I'm unable to
skate today but the first day it was so
good for skating for me and then I've
been having a lot of fun about getting
YouTube videos for you guys that's uh
this trip has been amazing because thus
far but we're gonna go out today we're
gonna have some fun for the skateboard
and you guys are gonna be along to the
journey first thing is first we're gonna
go go and poke a I'm sorry that we are
this predictable but if you were here
you'd be doing the same thing too and
look at that stretch are you ready to go
do some Dane and I need to brush my
teeth first we'll do that okay now go
you had to eat two things right now what
would be the coffee in poker that's
three things yeah you know that's your
remember I said you had to drink
someone's coffee
the black one so can I have this
that's your food can you have that shirt
are you taking up long story short I'm
drinking two coffees no you're not you
just drank the remnants of my melting
coffee this is crack
it was very crappy in his hand in the
video yours I was wondering who's that
boy this is a view from our balcony is
amazing
and then this is what it looks like when
I look down
it's a loja shirt day and I look
interesting I have white shoes black
shorts for eat white you see what I'm
wearing it's it's quite the ensemble
little backpack trick backpack
it's really impressive that you did that
first try I've never done it was a
backpack banker drink actually
I heard they could juggle watermelons
shaving is just doesn't work that way
I'm so sore I sit in the van and I step
it up and I just can't I can't function
and I'm so Soros what I get for jumping
down a hand
yes please that bird looks like Sam
Taber that's right I just said that so
Sam Taber bird let me so I can get a
better I'm trying not to scare him you
know I scared he walks like you dude he
totally walks like and we were leaving
and it's raining I really hope this
video happens I hope it just doesn't
rain all day girls aren't gonna rain
skate video yeah no the truck my board
already went longer so so you're good
actually I got mining money too so I
could nothing I can skate but somebody
can use my board or head into 8:08 skate
shop so hopefully that passes some of
the rain time why he drives are super
fast this is not Hawaii
I swear gosh just get my head on there
before I turn the hammer on don't we go
toll the parking meters it's like wiener
hi we're at the skate shop coffee okay
so my dropping some pants into thirty
ones were super big they're like baggy I
can't do baggy there's a skate park
nearby it is slowly drying up at least
it's not raining we're gonna go there
and wait until we could actually
skateboard
Jason Park is definitely meeting up with
us along with Hunter and Bill from
sometimes skateboards it is dry at the
plus and every time I get out of the van
I can move a little less I need to go to
the ocean and just soak all right savers
gonna do five flip tricks we just go
back in front of me so I can just sit
here and soar bliss
Bret's board went into my a bunch of
water it doesn't work that well anymore
doesn't good morning good morning to you
and not really morning but Andy that
dude it's my little shirt that's one
from last trip right yes the same year
phone it's like that my ensemble is kind
of how amazing yeah it's exactly what I
was gonna say you're killing it oh wow I
didn't know I'm doing a trick landing
I'm landed Oh in the manual
yes Ricki Lake all she wants the string
that was the most sincere apology I've
ever gotten mid skateboard trick you all
right
hunter house first try hi-5 again deja
vu Ziza
in a world where quiz is going to find
his trick we bring you quiz what I'm
getting out of your way was a perfectly
executed 720 no comply run put the
camera down for a second and I'm
actually gonna try to skateboard because
I'm filming loosen me up a little bit
and I would like to even it's just a
50-50 I'm gonna try to so I'm gonna do
that off camera I warmed up I did a
couple video fees and a boardslide and
I'm gonna do a really really basic line
for you just for you guys filming I've
known I go for high fives man just keep
your hand out there I'm gonna high-five
it it is what it's raining by the way a
little less look at the friggin lens
it's raining
of course we're gonna go back to the
skate shop and we're gonna skate the to
stare and in the in the shop my camera
should have soaked wow this is a bumpy
parking lot we were back at 8:08
so here we are inside the skate shop we
are and we're gonna skate we is we as in
you guys upon that we walked in the
skate there's all we've been doing is
talking star wars and now one of those
for me you can have half of this dude oh
I do want that back I was about to say
no keep the change or whatever because I
don't want it and then is my card
I want that it's gold I'm facetiming
riding right now this is Trey alright
you want to be riding here's everything
a lot of things are happening right now
so this is Trey riding Casey hi you look
so big so how was the Nature Center babe
naturally I love you riding
hey buddy YouTube
I'm gonna make it look huge you forgot
dolly
Wow so ty and Chris here what were you
doing today I tried to trade look
knuckle which I can do all the time but
I tried to do it off 11-story hotel yeah
and you did it perfectly you did it but
yes it is there you go that is the most
correct I have ever seen a phone Jay
sparks going to get down in 808
that was a prime roast I cut your wheels
off a little bit but that was still I
mean I'm not gonna force you force
Wow
put enough force into it you'll
sometimes land it okay so this rain and
gloom is pretty relentless I rifle
enough we're about to go to a beach but
I'm gonna end this vlog so right here
but before I do
buta reply to comments on my recent
video the bigger oh my gosh the video
that got posted today is skating guitar
with my son it was a vlog of so number
33 I'm gonna just reply to some comments
I'm gonna go through here and answer
some questions they get asked to me
Andy please make a video of you just
playing your electric guitar I'm
actually gonna do a vlogger soda where I
do play my electric guitar soon because
I got my actual electric amp and I kept
the acoustic amp because it is good for
a PA systems I can like sing with a
microphone and then use my legs are
gonna guitar iam for the logic guitar
that was from Shivam NS be reptilian
Nick Homer 40 while that's a name says
Wow your singing is good mate thank you
very much I'm I'm definitely sketchy
right now if I don't sing a lot I'm
basically I'd it out so many horrible
clips of me not singing that nice
because I haven't been seeing lately
Desiree House says I like your singing
voice thank you very much Desiree Oh
rusty says Wow last time I was this
early Sam Tabor hadn't met Andy struck
yet I like your sense of humor dude oh
man I really hope for some guitar store
footage and that was the clips that got
deleted I'm so sorry that's Jerry on
Jareau Ian gyro and Verbeek I'm sorry
I'm probably ruining your name I'm sorry
you will get more guitar footage just
hunting the guitar store has already
bought the guitar
SIF index says can someone tell the
difference between laga soda and Anna
life and it literally I mean a day in
the life is a day in my life a vlog
Assad sometimes fans throughout the
whole day but sometimes vlogs so it's
happened within three to four hours like
this one happened within like five hours
Daniel I'm sore from when I wake up I
start filming my day and then I end it
at nighttime when like I put riding to
bed and I'm just gonna
for the rest tonight you get to see the
whole de vacas toads have no time limit
sometimes there are a few hours
sometimes they've been two days long so
just you know there's no rules the
vlogger sewed like this I wouldn't do
this in a day in life I wouldn't do it
reply to comments I can do whatever I
want to vlogger so you know so it it
really it that videos a video so call
whatever you want but Dana lives are
pretty more like focused on that aspect
and vlog so to have fun with and there's
no length requirement but that is it I
hope you guys enjoyed this little vlog
aside we are on a cleanup going to the
beach and it's gonna be gross and rainy
but it's going to feel good because my
muscles are super sore on the walls the
sand walking on the sand those torpedoes
they're the greatest thing I'm looking
forward to it gosh and then we're gonna
get a really good smoke gun so just
imagine us doing that but then watching
it was like it was a really fun lazy day
you know so peace out
can you punch me in the head good right
no please no I want you to punch me the
head you could have done better
