the skateboard slam I'm about to show
you is bad bad enough that I'm giving
you a warning but there's no broken
bones there's a tiny amount of blood
eventually and it's if your squirmish or
whatever you don't like seeing something
kind of brutal don't watch this what
that said hi is completely okay he
survived this
so here watch him watch him go down in
flames - the fire there's no fire
do keep bleeding dude yeah dude don't
freak out oh dude yes what is about yes
prep bad oh my gosh I still watch this
and I get a feeling in my chest like oh
my friends is dead he's hit his head on
that and then fell to earth and he's
dead he didn't he's okay
oh my gosh that was so bad he's that's
up there with the top two slams my
channel the other one being burned which
was freaky the thing is with fish guys
they usually make things seem far away
and even in the lens that does not seem
far away that roof scares me okay like
walking up to it before the the skating
happened it was like that roof pretty
close pressured and skate that so what
was time off thinking okay when he saw
this this is the best fighter ever oh
okay yes perfect how is that what you
know I found out today that Fergie XLE
peed herself on stage and mid concert
how do you do that it's random I know
but that's still but is it boggles my
mind
but seriously ty that's your first
reaction to seeing this five sir I beg
to differ
okay and you know why you know why
that's why like life just powerbombed
you okay and the kind of and some of
that's kind of freaky is that he had the
insight like they talked about they
actually discussed this because he sent
me a ton of footage but they discuss the
possibility of the roofing okay how
close am I and for one thing
skateboarding inside that roof see
pretty close okay one of a really tall
guy just trip to the top of the stairs
what do you end up like ty maybe I don't
know or a kid just like happily running
and he just runs the stairs and jumps
off it's a space this might sound crazy
but I've seen enough Internet videos to
know that anything like that is it
possible you see a toddler jump off the
frick swing set and bonk his head on
that stuff happens all the time alright
this is the internet there's no rules
and ridiculous things happening also the
thing that sucks is that this is hands
down like the worst case scenario at
this spot okay in fact I saved himself a
little bit because it somehow got his
arm like in front of him so he didn't
just like smash his head into the ground
even more after getting punched in the
face by the building and falling clothes
into the ground I actually we've rolled
with it pretty good even though he did
it on accident I'm sure but serious that
was like the worst thing to happen you
know you usually go to a spot like
alright come on a if you say this is
like calm your friends like Jimmy the
worst thing that's gonna happen is
you're gonna hit your head on that roof
and that will split your face open okay
and then you're gonna fall down and hit
the ground more harder than if you just
fell on the five stare and then sigh it
doesn't so much for not being afraid of
that set gosh so I'm at me I'm yum yum
yum yum yum yum okay I would be freaked
out that set eternally this fall it
needs something okay I'm not gonna edit
a video game in it but it does kind of
look like it shot out of the sky so
let's a tie you're getting shot by a
slingshot sorry you just nicked it
didn't you that's right hit him in the
head ah got you I've written got you
tied no actually the building totally
got you I had nothing to do with it but
you sent me the footage right away and I
was like oh he did not die at all he was
actually super fine afterwards like he's
just walking like I have the footage
he's just walking just discussing like
that like I hope this doesn't happen
freak yeah you got a car I can't believe
I hit my head that hard
why don't we get dizzy and stuff just
holy crap because I mean I mean I like
to think that he probably did get a
little dizzy because that's weird when
you get a hidden head like that although
you know I spoke like I know what I'm
talking about but I don't cuz I've never
got hit in the head like that but either
way props is high boss he just kind of
like discussed it and then he went and
she walked to the car at the hospital
he's not CLE he's skating it but no he's
farting like I talked to him the whole
process that he says that you just took
him easy like the next day or two and he
was back to being time off so I just
proved that he does lay on the
skateboarders and this is actually the
first time I've ever heard of ty getting
hurt I think he's usually just landing
tricks and being happy and skating on a
skateboard but sadly the says life
things happen it is awesome the ty is
okay and here is some footage of him
landing tricks on his skateboard which
he'll flip that was nuts
so there you guys go that was full
Friday I do these about every other week
or so sometimes I go longer but I it's a
series so I hope you don't get subscribe
if you want to see more of these I do do
daily videos regardless so uh you'll see
a lot more of me if you're subscribed
and then of course check out Ty's
channel he does a lot of vlogs he lives
a very interesting life he just like
travels the country and kind of does
wherever he wants he's a super nice guy
too
his channel is right down there check it
out you will enjoy it and I'm gonna end
this right here I'm gonna go get
somebody for the hot seat I think it's
been a while since I've done Ryan
chambers - Ryan chambers you are in
force yeah they're gonna see right there
if you want to sit oh thank you how are
you doing today you're doing good how
are you good you get a hat on okay Ryan
do you like boats yeah great okay you're
at a slumber party you're all in your
PJs what's the first thing you and your
friends do for fun brush Sam tapers
teeth that would be it yeah
YouTube what's up guys the next single
mama the next Cinco Allah is going to be
my first and maybe my last YouTube
what's up guys to the show the show the
show I could say the show but I beat
what I really need to say is the fall
haha
