where's the guy that supposed to be
right here oh he's here though I know
dude I know I'm not gonna eat it's gross
why would you not eat that it looks
amazing I'm Rd full full from what
bananas apparently Ryan chambers is here
is that yours Ryan chambers here here
Raj chambers where are you oh there you
are Wow
Casey ate a bunch of bananas do it well
good can't believe it some timber train
shut up coach point out that we live a
very weird life yes you do every single
person comes to my office like holding a
camera leaving like what we actually do
for a living is like the weirdest thing
the whole world yes yeah it's fun though
you could be like it no we do pretty I
can be I could be a golf lead singer my
cousin his job was to set up inflatable
bounce ease like bouncy pads that says
job it wouldn't be that bad being
awesome for you to drive to places and
probably using so an awesome time we
should quit what we do to do that no
yeah come on Brian
I like when I do dressed up ready to
blow up a balloon you are just killing
me well hey guys how you doing
for now I'm just gonna stack because
that's what you're doing as an adult you
just move things together and then you
think it's a little cleaner you're
rocking it you're almost done buddy he
knows how to clean I can just say go
clean your playroom and he does it so
good I got lucky with this guy great
she's not taught him a thing or two but
still he's he's awesome will you please
wall-e into the street
I'm about to take your skateboard KC
sucks it not only is that it it was not
that was so confusing
are you okay oh wow do you fall ID I
don't really see what happened dude you
alright Oh KC
alright we get it you can do that trick
really good you're so good
oh my gosh that's not what you're going
for here I am each other you see this
Angry it's really hard to ollie on a
carpet board dad doesn't really do it
you're gonna stand on it with this foot
you're gonna throw it okay like this
well you got it moving a little bit why
don't you study mom writing what 570
would be better than a three-shot one
what um
but you got to really move your feet wha
what that okay get that that was not
good enough you got to do it immediately
all right it's the most comfortable
sitting yeah yeah
what's up guys so that was some clips
that didn't make it to the cut of
day-in-the-life 50 I have like I'd like
four minutes of footage there and I was
like a happy like I you know whenever I
have that much extra footage I always
like to make a video for you guys so
hope you enjoyed it we're gonna keep the
spirits of carpet boarding going okay
here's a guy Brian come this way please
Jason Rogers Jason frickin Rogers
cogwheel you huh mr. Gore's 2 minutes
every time okay
and sanely busy right now and I want you
yeah well don't punch me punch youtube
do a kickflip I've never seen your
carbon board have you ever done it two
tries into it he's taking off his hoodie
you like landing it every time is that
it he's a perfectionist
it's technically combine the two of this
there yeah I've never seen him cardboard
I was like you know what for the end of
this video we're making a bright and
sharp board there are names but on this
brighter note you are officially better
than riding a cart boarding good but I
mean he'll he'll come up quickly yeah I
paid my son all right guys there's
Brian's car boarding I do daily videos
hit the subscribe button if you want to
see more from me and the last thing I'll
show you is this picture of Sam Tambor
which is super dirty
how does a piece of paper get this dirty
that's it good bye
you
