oh I don't have time for this warehouse
Wednesday it is yeah and there's a
lawnmower of course definitely while
we're up there so wrapped up really loud
that's okay
all right so there's these guys are here
and you need to get back to work why are
you guys here though I have no idea
nobody knows what's going on hi no one's
doing okay and the people that are
watching this video do because it's in
the title above its product release it
is product release time okay that means
we have products being released and
we're going to talk about them and show
you guys all of the stuff and that means
that we're gonna go inside for a lot
more yeah I got sucks alright Thomas I
want you to run as fast you came back in
the warehouse
what's that fast that was not fast at
all yeah gzhel beats you hit me in the
head of that with that pizza box Brian
if I did I do not do them Tex believe
that rule yeah you did not run it fast
hey Steven I said run as fast as you can
I ran in circles we got a cart full of
stuff I'm not gonna pan down too much
because I want to give everything away
anything revived it's not it's my
special photography thing hey dude funny
thing is I can't cook we got some stuff
we have some stuff we want to start you
know you're already right here okay this
is a hoodie okay we call this the oyster
hoodie no we don't this is the sketch
circle graphic everything you had we
were ready for this news and everything
has a proper name that is ready to roll
sketch circle ground it's a redo the
circle graphic happened years ago and
now it's getting a redone up with the
sketch sketching this of it if you like
the original circle gravity get that on
now because it's going away and this is
we'll be replacing it this rules a
little lighter because appropriate for
fall fall you know isn't gonna be super
super cold outside yeah I think a
mid-weight hoodie so it's really
comfortable like what it makes what it
lacks in fabric it makes up in comfort
wow that was a good line listen pretty
good I was pretty good yeah you guys can
be over here all right we're gonna stay
with the circle sketch graphic you said
we're going we're going tie down we got
a new tie tie here hold up here this
looks way cooler than I thought was
gonna look honestly yeah well I'm scared
like there's a very vibrant blue tada
hoodie but it looks amazing some
countries they say vibrance I'll do that
I don't know
anyways over hoody this one's thicker
systems maybe a little bit warmer winter
durable okay if you're a fall guy and
you want a lighter hoodie get the get
the oyster hoodie if you want it thicker
buddy the tie-dye one will keep you
super warm which is comfortable I'm in
charge of the product names in the
website so I will 86 you this one the
zippy
zip up is another mid weight this is the
zippy zip up sketch trip yeah it was
first-rate graphic and then the guy at
the thing like literally just like he
like fell and print
same time so all of them are slanted and
somebody actually believes that out
there cat was joking yes slant it's
supposed to be slanted it's a ski slope
it's that's why it's a zippy ski slope
it's not the sketch our own socks black
normal socks and boom logo emblem
graphic on the top normal normal normal
crow socks settled a modal coffee that's
what the names of these are all right
first feature a cool t-shirt first
teacher okay sketch graphic yeah this is
the Barbara it's not the Barbara before
the sketch graphic it's not Heather T
it's nice we have the Jim Gordon someone
next Jim Barbara staying in this in this
sketch I don't have this yet yeah Brian
puts he deposits shirts on my desk to me
like I have shirts to wear and he didn't
put this one on there back in the sketch
emblem yeah graphic the red t-shirt same
t-shirt material we've always done yeah
good one this is the Swayze
without this way this sketch my fired
white t-shirt it's got a cavity rex on
it's called shoda it's called Hansel and
Gretel the show down to you you're
paddling did this I don't know why but
it reminds me of camel humps it does
there's no reason I use it but alright
that's fine because counter tops is
amazing
Hanson gravels pretty cool - that's wise
name this it's showdown
see the twice already but it's on black
tea now moister circle sketch homeboy
this is a cookie waiting for Santa this
is the king crab this is a black t-shirt
with a pocket tee with the emblem sketch
logo on it okay this to you so this
can't get you a date into the school
dance then you don't want to go to the
school dance oh my god really thank you
okay that's a good shirt all right
he didn't make it for me though did you
I did not okay the cool thing about this
is that the pocket is going to be a
different tie dye on every single one of
them so it's actually going to be each
one of them's unique there was a what
they actually call it the tie dye fabric
of life okay there's this big fabric of
white and they snip it up and make those
everyone gets their own individual
pocket so every one of these sold gets
an individual patch of life Wow
yeah that's a good self I don't think
before I say anything in these videos we
got a tool we own new tool rusty axe
it's a teacher it's not called rusty axe
at all it's a sketch tool a lot of
sketching this is happening in this
theory on this release I guess but it's
a more basic version of the the toilet
we were doing so it doesn't have the
ratchet it comes a little bit better of
a price but it's just your standard
everyday
well these hold up really well to collab
with you watch
it works I guarantee you it still works
yes but your bed will be busted into the
four pieces that's possible you know you
know I play frisbee golf all the way up
through that right you know I think it's
actually in better can move verify that
I live in now yeah that's good so it's
got the allen key it's got the Phillips
got everything she's dude is we have
stickers you do it this is the
Ghostbuster sticker packs not a finger
bag TM trademarked Ghostbuster sticker
pack so here you get three sticker from
the showdown kind of version stuff there
we go so I wonder what a compulsory it's
a t-rex screaming revived okay you ever
seen a t-rex in real life he screams at
all the time so he's got her back Luther
or not this sticker just revived on it
too yeah that's a bit choppy I bet you
can't hit them all that's sick I'm
positive I can't and we got the circum
sketch graphics well yeah but offensive
game that could do it
that is anyone can do it the most random
item we've ever done it has nothing to
do the revive other than in fact that
he's on revive yes so it's some sticker
system fruit on it have sandpaper on it
off have San Pedro that's pretty much it
so there is ample and the thing is in
this warranties and they say Sam taper
on them and you can get them it was a
joke cuz ryan shavers had nothing better
to do than to make fruit with the Sam's
name on it right it was a joke yeah I
was like actually that looks really cool
I don't really know what we would do
with it and then we were standing there
was like Sam you want to make a sticker
pack with your name up and fruit he was
like tell me this doesn't look like a
canker on an elementary school teachers
desk
absolutely does
or in a little kids lunchbox or in their
mouth aren't you wouldn't have let me we
should do stretch on it on two
skateboards that's all really good ideas
go down decks okay so this one's got a
cat on its battle no-go t-rex on but
needs to come in Simpson five eight
eight two five so you get a friend and
then you get another friend you don't
get this gravity but they get them and
then if they hold their boards up you
can see them that's how you come into
play during this scenario okay
who knows gonna win okay clearly the
t-rex is going to win either no I think
the cats I think the cats gonna win
you're way crazier gives more than t-rex
sketch traffic you got a yellow purple
we got the tuna fish we got the grocery
store and now we got the curb nope black
white red white yellow and purple these
come in the whole gambit so seven seven
five with seven point five six and five
eight eight point one eight to five
eighty 45 you guys saw this one
yesterday this is Johnny guy your
lifeline watermelon Jack okay you get
this and you can do tricks on thing I'm
gonna do tree eat watermelons ball
skating it you could but you don't get
watermelon with it you know Johnny gets
watermelon with it congratulations again
Johnny
we love you Johnny rules we finally got
cruisers back in stock okay and we got
their own special graphics okay Brian's
got the sets eight one okay we made like
a safe revive Cruiser deck and then we
made this which I don't know why we I
was like to do it evolution type decks
because it looks cool going small to big
and always got to be weird so it's just
like it starts the t-rex ending the
evolution of this little monkey guy
lizard and then he also needs a cell
phone
because we had to make something that
didn't make sense yeah I like this
graphical up that's why there's a thumb
because you like it that's all over
problem and that is the summer not
summer that is the fall release it comes
out this weekend at the Shred quarters
calm Saturday is the official date so
Friday night when it switches over to
Saturday is when it drops these red
quarters are commonly is right down
there and also select skate shops that
sell our products a lot of them have
gotten in this week so check your local
shop if they carry us and if they don't
tell them to hit us up or tell us to hit
them up and we can talk to them so right
now we are going to skateboard for you
guys we're gonna have fun no challenge
like normal where else Wednesdays but we
will be back next week with a normal
where else Wednesday but right now we be
skating pretty sure you have soup in the
tip your nose why wouldn't I have stupid
my nose have you ever seen me smash my
face YouTube yes the answer is yes did I
do it too much read the words on the
screen right now
Thomas Edison
Elena stop
but that is it guys time is up for me I
have a point Minh to me the most adult
reason ever so I gotta go I owe you a
three flip lipslide but all the stuff
goes live Saturday here or at the Shred
quarters calm that take away Friday
night the link is right down there thank
this dude for filming Stevens sees right
here and that's it thank you guys for
all your support we love you
outro music what do you have glasses on
I just want to look cool what you do you
do look great
alright member that
Oh nigga skate to
