like you're outside Evan
oh yes you're lucky
he wants to
make sure
this is
maisha
told you
for Ricky
No is it
to slip down
fellas
Johnny Geiger is pro did you know this
was happening
I've known this for a long time evil
yeah we actually have this dude deserves
it so much the best thing about what you
just saw is that's pretty much his
throwaway footage he actually has so
much footage suicide for take of the
world and all of that he was able to
give it to us to drop to announce and he
was Pro Johnny is good he's good in a
lot of ways you know like he's a
technical wizard as you guys saw like
down these stairs he lands all his
tricks so consistent he's always doing
things that we don't even know what to
call it he has put together the most
impressive flat ground skateboarding
piece that I've ever seen in my life
it's something no one's ever top that
I'll put that right down there but his
channel will be at right down there as
well
and at the end of this video and I urge
you to subscribe go congratulate him on
being pro his deck drops this Saturday a
watermelon on it does have a watermelon
on it essentially juggling Wyatt's it
isn't one will go get it
it's right over there right I like this
make sure you get it okay and while he's
getting that I'm gonna say thank you to
mainland for letting me use the song the
song was heaven their info is write down
the info as well I urge you to check
them out if you liked the jam they
released a new EP last year with 300
entertainment in there actually in one
of my videos that rule super cool dudes
get behind their music here's Johnny
keyboard that's his kipapa he's obsessed
with watermelon if you follow our
instagrams you have seen us post
pictures of him just completely excited
that he has new watermelon at the
grocery store last time dude here he
left the watermelon it is this still
have it's still over there and it'll
probably still be here like six months
in that watermelon stolen healed is a
Switzerland by the way but Johnny we
love you if you guys want to support
Johnny his deck will be out this
Saturday technically Friday at midnight
Eastern Standard Time along with the
rest of the fall launch and you can tune
in tomorrow as to find out all over the
products that are being released but
this is the one we're most excited about
yes yeah so we
and Brian's is running away goo rats
Johnny we love you
everybody else go check out his channel
you will like what you see he's a super
talented dude and deserves to have his
name on the skateboard peace out guys
say peace out guys peace out guys know
you do forever be the peace sign
