Daniel Trujillo a nice rock how are you
doing today dude I'm doing fantastic how
about you I'm doing fantastic now that
you asked me that I'm doing even
fantastic yeah but are you ready to find
out what is harder freestyle
skateboarding or normal skateboarding or
traditional skateboarding what everyone
come on am I trying to be offensive it's
just most people's do the ollie and kick
flips and stuff yes you aren't so ready
good I'm ready too what's gonna happen
is that I'm gonna use your board and do
a free selling trick that I have never
done all right I'm gonna try and then
you have to use my board and do a like a
traditional skateboarding trick that
you've never done we have five minutes
in to see who comes closest and that way
we'll find out we have no idea what
Turks were gonna do though all right
we're gonna find out what's harder it
personally I think is freestyle
skateboarding is harder because I just
have no idea how to do it of course I'm
gonna agree with that right
what still kind of says poop on one of
those kids I do remember the poop hands
ninja are you kind enough to film hey
I'll film all right ninjas gonna film
okay he says okay tell him that would be
fine yeah this is gonna be fine would
you please let him know that YouTube
video man we rent a video how many
people would kill to be in your shoes
being on YouTube about the battle why
are you standing like that all right so
we're gonna go over the skateboards this
is my skateboard it's traditional Street
skateboarding shape kids got to it you
scratch poop into it doesn't that was
cool
your grip tickle your nose and tail look
at the dimensions here okay steep nose
and tail long put your foot over here
and it has room to stay on your
skateboard medium concave his board is
different one is he doesn't have grip
tape he has rubber tape was it called
non-abrasive grip tape non-abrasive not
abrasive not grippy grip tape yeah so
and then on the bottom he also has more
drip tape on the nose and then slighty
things what does this do skid plate they
protect your board when you're doing
foot works
doing bad manuals he's
doing bad manuals yeah you got it on
both ends you got it's a very very
mellow car
like very slight concave not much right
Harry look and this is your company too
at Walt's insurance are these actually
freestyle wheels they're freestyle
wheels now with that dude okay so
different type of wheels freestyle
wheels your trucks are clearly like
oompa loompa ish lookin so there you go
it's just a little different I get to
use this you get to use mine sorry it's
so cool but I got to demonstrate the
trick you'll be trying he's never done a
varial flip I will show you what it
looks like he's gonna have five minutes
to try to land it alright let me see it
just shove it in a kick flip varial flip
180 flip whatever you want to call it
that's what it is
he's got five minutes and he'll show me
and then it'll be my turn he'll show me
the trick I've got it if you can do a
shove it you can do a kickflip right
debatable but you've done them yes
alright so you have five minutes I'm
gonna get my phone right so when you go
I'm gonna press go when you go I'll go
ready varial flip Dodger
what do you want to see him do it I
don't not against him on this love the
speech
what's a varial flip so you just kick
each kick it's all on the front foot
camera trip this weekend son back here
you got this the walking coach how noi'm
are judging freestyle skateboarding
sorcerer gonna meet after this dude
three minutes it's been - alright
two and a half minutes 225 now halfway
that was good though about 1 minute 50
seconds left so it took you three
minutes and 10 seconds that's good who's
good like I'm gonna watch that so what
am I getting into
Daniel the trick that I'm going to get
you into is called an m-80 also called
by people and olds at South flip it
sounds like you're trying to get like
ear a bad influence like but I'm gonna
get you into slippery slope that's
pretty good
my mom's gonna be so mad it is first
part of that but I've never done the
twist that's part of it
I'm not doing this this is gonna be so
hard what do I do should have a more
positive attitude with your feet this
way on the boulder that caveman stance
or whatever it's a national stage wait
are you good
yeah so you hooked with that foot my
body and then speak fakie five minutes
on the board sorry you gotta kind of
walk with me all right you ready
whoa God you on this thing is gonna be
fascinating to watch this is hard
hurts progress gosh it's like kicking
plastic you know it's clearly wood how
would I ever do this this is so less
exciting right is it weird to like just
watch me jump off the board and fail
there at 323 315 pounding down dude so
we're at 225 and look like just this
edge of your foot underneath and sounds
easy it's not like I'm trying to grab
something and I just poof err this is
just gonna be five minutes of me jumping
it looks tiring it's tiring and it's
like as if you're like touch this and
you can't you just can't touch it I look
like the guy on the street that just
borrows your skateboard hey gussy that
watch all your moves
alright thanks for drive
that was easily the most I felt like I
didn't feel like I was skateboarding for
a lot of weapons free stuff freestyling
is harder
well we both skated for a very long time
it was like deprived over here
there's a prize yeah oh cool this is on
my channel like I published this video
to make myself look like a Magoo
so you you've missed out on this
excellent prize okay totally would have
been yours nose in your duffle bag from
the ninth floor ting challenge Daniel
trio congratulations you've won so
that's what you get yeah that's amazing
and I get your phone to know this is
what freestylers always go home okay so
thank you guys for watching I can't even
begin to explain how much like my foot
does not know how to do what he just did
so he can do it I'm actually about to
play a game of skate with tango on
ninjas channel so I'm gonna put his his
channel rate of the top its floating and
then ninja this channel and Daniels
channel is right in the info as well
check them both out but if you wanted to
watch me versus him I guess it's
whatever thing whatever goes so I can do
a three flip and make him do it he can
do that em 1080 crap and I have to do it
so it'll be it'll be the interesting
game Bret's dead thank you guys for
watching if you want to see more from me
I do videos all the time so hit the
subscribe button right down below and
you are sign up to see more videos it's
free it's easy thank you
I thought it's gonna be a trick like I
legitimately thought I was gonna be a
duel
you should not even clean it up just
make someone freak out that then they
think that this is actually here this
okay Dan we were doing Frank video
that's just so big in such a good idea
like this you blend it pull you this
happen oh yeah
what if someone if we should just leave
you here look like you're dead
surrounded by money
get out get out of every
you
