right and c'mere buddy I have a surprise
I want you to experience here with me
it's the Buddy it's for me I'm sorry
when I when I am old and I write my will
you can totally have no that's my camera
so how do you do no no that's just a box
watch out so you say the happier thank
you
Nega that sounds like a bore hold on one
second guys all right guys what is in
this envelope is amazing
you probably already know by the title
but he doesn't know now what do you
think's in here a book that's a small
book I know you don't
you're never gonna expect it look I just
realized that I could buy this the other
day and I was like I am buying that
immediately item number thirty thousand
four hundred and seventy-three dun dun
dun dun duh-da dun-dun there tape all
over this there's tape all over this oh
my gosh
do you know what this is right here do
you know what that is no guess again no
don't touch I probably shouldn't be
touching to this it is a Tyrannosaurus
Rex tooth and I'm never touching it
again wow that is a Tyrannosaurus Rex
chicken so apparently it's not enough
full and it's like only an inch can you
guys see it that is it
look at it wow so it's like a little
over an inch long don't I shouldn't
touch it I can't believe I don't I'm not
I'm nom nom nom now I'm not kidding I
just I looked it up on like I don't even
get dinosaur bones or fossils and sub
sort and I found a site and then I
research the site and it had extremely
good ratings and reputable sources I
t-rex suit I have a t-rex to threaten
I'm going to put that in a glass box now
I think my new thing is collecting
dinosaur fossils so there you guys go
there
by unboxing of a t-rex tooth yeah and so
you can I've found a site to have a
bunch everyone's of course there are
crazy expensive you get big ones and
they're kind of hard to find go figure
and then but they were there's a
Spinosaurus - or Egypt to kiss you
probably member from Jurassic Park three
huge carnivore those ones are actually
long so I want to get one of those but
I'm definitely to be on the lookout for
like a huge big t-rex tooth because I'll
be awesome to have really good
Velociraptor claws those are probably
like an insane amount of money though
but either way that's how I'm getting
this long case no doubt I hope you guys
hang out I'm going to start filming
tomorrow for the rest of this we're
gonna go out skateboarding and then
after skating am I trying to find a
glass box for this right here there you
go guess what time it is for you right
this way
ah that's right bedtime so you today
alright guys what is up it is the next
day what I'm doing today is I'm going
skateboarding and filming for my
skateboard company revive skateboards
second full-length skate video so
hopefully we get some clips for that
either way you're gonna see some
goofiness and some skateboarding I'm
sure and then I'm going to try to get a
little collectors case for that dinosaur
tooth one thing I feel is not a t-rex
tooth I thought it was I was getting a
t-rex tooth thing and then I realized
it's just from the Tyrannosaur family so
on that card it said it could be like an
L up artist or we're gonna soar
something out of either way it's a
dinosaur tooth that's the important part
I researched it and you can get t-rex
teeth they're just like over like $7,000
which I'm not spending that much money
on dinosaur teeth in my life just yet
either way I'm going to warehouse to
meet up with the dudes that we're
heading up north to stay with Sam vessel
so let the day begin
gosh coffee tastes good so I literally
just got to the warehouse and then we
got in their cars we're going to fill
time which is the best way to do the
warehouse because it's easy to get stuck
there for longer that you should be when
meeting up I had a session that's fun
you warmed up good right way to sit in
the car yeah 45 minutes guarantee sit
here and not be warmed up can I come
back slightly and we're only slightly
well tell you that I'll come back to the
warehouse you know like how are you
gonna slightly clone after the warehouse
oh wow that's something I'm knocking
what are you doing Casey er he looks
like a dingo so yeah in the back seat
there's Casey VRE himself the way the
good talks to feeling about like a
cheesy amusement park ride
Wow
hey what does happen to the world
Sammy's got the white hat well dude sup
man I just hit YouTube while high-fiving
you can't we go man are you ready for
today uh yeah kinda this guy he's got
some some duty to do that sound weird oh
my god skateboard and we got a skatepark
Craig and Tom are here too that's cool
we'll probably be here too long but we
will be here I'm gonna film these dudes
someone might feel me I don't know but
I'm gonna do a first-person line right
now oh that was scary
very weird there's Craig that's hard I'm
not doing that
alright bessel what line do you got for
me got you with a back sixty then always
cool let's do it wax the wax the rail
Oh
Wow
should see this in the lens that I just
recorded with yeah let's do that you do
to look though means they've had each
other
I was like the best half captive I've
ever seen Casey do it was so good we're
done the skate park I skated I just keep
that much but I only only made Brian
felt me film that one trick I did which
was nothing too crazy but it was it was
fun moving my body and skating I think
it's the next one I don't know where you
are
yeah it is the next one we're here and
I'm eating beef jerky right my church
and Sunday yeah a lot of people here
Sunday in the church I guess we're here
well regardless of what people do for
the video part I placed in all of the
stairs for you guys what product they
paid us to put that in there
okay that's a town new rule watch out
okay I'm so bad at sign ok new concrete
slowly real fast foot board yep no get
used to it
I battled a trick and I failed which
means I have to come back here I had it
I suck at a bunch of times but it's a
sort of thing we're like nowadays if I
skate too hard it'll like be hard on my
kidneys cause like a past injury uh I
have tons of fluid in me Craig I just I
like I have one right here
I just need to go get some cold wave oh
you want to cruise not that because it
sucks thank you but basically I had to
like be a responsible human being be
like I should stop skating because this
is not good at my body so I'll come back
it's like it's the perfect double set to
different throw flip tricks down and if
I just had full strength I would have
done it beat on with my hands to look
bad on the camera looks like you got
holes in hack dad's sucks laughing you
must catch up you must make energy you
must thank you for driving you okay you
guys we skateboard dude I'll see you
tomorrow at work
witty waffle all of you guys see all you
guys smart work I got to go over there
to drive them oh my gosh I'm feeling way
better now but I felt super gross after
dying on that double set now I'm going
to Michael's which is the only like
hobby store that I'm gonna get like a
glass case and hopefully something
that'll like hold my Tyranno store tooth
we're gonna put that together
okay so I got cleaned up when I got home
which was much needed I feel a lot
better
you are gonna be sure is because he got
in trouble today didn't you you were
mean to mom mm-hmm yeah so you know love
you that doesn't sound a punishment then
but to wrap up this video I'm going to
try to make a little display case for
the Tyrannosaur tooth and it's gonna be
temporary because this is what I bought
I was about to pass out at Michael's
real estranged I basically grabbed
something I think I can make something
work so it's gonna look super ghetto I'm
sure but I'm gonna do it and then maybe
I'll just buy one online like a better
one I have no idea but I did just do
some research on this and there was a
lot of like I read some article on like
lists of sites that are where you should
be buying dinosaur teeth on I guess if
you're doing fossil like dinosaur teeth
are really really like common thing like
I didn't know I guess like skeletons are
rare but like the teeth they find all
the time and which is kind of cool
because then it makes it easier for
people that like want to have a piece of
a dinosaur but easier for them to buy
them I'm really excited
I definitely 1/2 a spinosaurus tooth in
a Tyrannosaurus tooth but I like I said
I think I said at some point that the
Tyrannosaurus Rex tooth is an expensive
piece so maybe I'll try a shop around
find a better deal but I'm excited I
want to have a lease right now you try
didn't expect me to ever do a video on a
dinosaur team I do need to start using
my new camera reading because the
lighting is amazing in that thing and I
put it in oh it's gonna be kind of
sensitive buddy dad needs to do this so
I got the foam board and I'm going to
see that piece of foam board and put it
in the center of it and then like either
make a groove or lean it up against
something in it like I said like I was
just like about to pass out in the store
and I start grabbing things so there's
has to be a better way and a nicer
looking way of doing this but this is
what I'm working with right now
weird
you know you're never supposed to use
this you ask dad to use nothing for you
with it yeah all right there's my square
and I'm not impressed with it so I put a
little hole in this and I'm gonna
basically City here place the tooth in
it and put the thing on it hopefully
that works well that's a quark which I'm
not using silly MacGyver like that's a
cork duh look at that that actually
worked out great you have a gorgeous and
that is my Tyrannosaur tooth standing up
on its own what do you think
call 911 that doesn't make sense so
there you guys go I hope you guys dug
this little random super random vlog as
soon but this was too cool not to like
get into a video and when I collect more
I'll show you guys you guys can keep up
to date with my dinosaur collectings but
I'm super hyped that I can now say that
I have a dinosaur tooth I have a piece
of dinosaur which is creepy when you
think about attitude because at eat a
tooth is a weird thing to have or
something but it's a dinosaur right
that's what what it is time for you do
chores and go to bed
I left off but by the fourth it only kid
that probably is saying that right now
thank you guys for hanging out I'll see
you tomorrow because do daily videos and
riding you know it's bad to call nine
one right unless there's an actual
emergency hey don't don't do donut don't
like don't like don't like nope not
letting you like ya know my say bye-bye
either oh my you got a bag of course
don't you yeah II don't mind
you
