I'm doing it oh dude I was trying not to
go you didn't help I'm doing it
Oh John John
Sam done
so creepy
Oh
never
okay guys what's up so yes
this announcement came actually a few
weeks ago but the way I did on my
channel was that I kind of joked about
it at the end of a warehouse Wednesday
because John and I thought that was a
really funny way to announce it on my
channel and then there was like a formal
announcement on John's channel but I
never did
anything on my channel where I
officially said John Hill welcome to the
team so that's why I made this little
edit you've seen 99% of that footage I
think the tail side he'll flip out was
the only trick that I'd been sitting on
that John's not using for his video part
that's coming up that I was able to put
in it but that was an awesome tales idea
but I actually filmed it I was really
psyched on like little pan thing that I
that I set up oh and I forgot to mention
that all of this stuff that you just saw
was just throw away for and like he
doesn't even care if that I uploaded it
to YouTube early on like it's just
whatever do I'm like the actual footage
that he's putting away for his part is
really good and it's your full-length
part is going to be intake of the world
which comes out early next year revived
its second full-length video I
remembered this after getting ready for
date night okay my wife and I are going
out so yeah so got the red shirt so go
the red shirt in there don't worry it's
in there don't freak out Internet but
now I'm going to cut back to normal
looking at E I hope you guys like that
John is one of the most talented human
beings that I know he's also probably
the hardest-working that I've ever met
the dedication and just the the thought
like the train of thought that he has
that it just is only forward that's the
only way this guy thinks is straight
forward it's just super inspirational if
you guys watch his videos you already
know this but if you don't he has a
YouTube channel that you need to
subscribe to right now I will put it in
the but in the info below and then at
the end of this video when the screens
about to turn different here whatever
the atra is about to happen and click on
that button they go over to subscribe
John because with or without you he is
going to be standing on top of
skateboarding on YouTube
one day I guarantee it he is on the way
to two great things so uh John Hill
welcome to the team it is honor to
officially have you as a part of the
family of the revived family he was on
force before this but yeah we are all
super happy to your year dude he
actually just moved to California he
moved here for a little while he told us
when he was moving here he's like I'll
probably stay for half a year and that's
exactly what he did so he's moving back
to California so safe travels brother I
can't wait to see the content you
I'm out there without us and then I
can't wait to visit you out there and
you come back here for trips all that
stuff so it's gonna be a good time but
you guys I do daily videos here myself
so hit the subscribe button if you want
to see more from me and I'll see you
guys tomorrow but mainly check out John
Hill links links are happening peace out
guys
you
