are you filming dating life today I am
guess what dead day is today Friday
Thursday not run at all what is the
important part of today though is
finance it's finance day guys a
dandelion fifty this is my fiftieth
dandelion and my workday is not gonna be
that long for you guys because I'm gonna
say the computer for hours sure it's
something you a sneak peek this yeah you
can't actually hear how long let me show
you the real one this well how is this
vacant it's that's that's the Instagram
purchase on there though that's the
cover of the book catalog look at that
gap to 5050 good job same vessel Sam
vessel good here's your big fat graphic
right name's did you even think I leaked
it a little bit yes it's a finance day
so that means I go through everything
that we sold in the strike court and I
just find out how much money made off of
it to figure out our expenses you know
our profit all that stuff basically I
just cover everything and then I hey
everybody it keeps me understanding
what's going on with the company and of
course it's payday for me so that's kind
of cool but I mean it's gonna be a weird
day because after that I'm gonna go get
ride for preschool when I leave work
early so that like limits my time even
more and then we have a babysitter
coming over to watch him so I can go out
and film for take over the world a
little bit it's it's a weird day but
it'll be a fun day and I'm gonna go to
the warehouse right now we actually just
got 50-100 skateboards in so as an
exciting time here the fall stuff is
about to come out in a week that we're
just getting all this stuff in stock so
I can't leak
I already leaked one board I don't know
how well you guys tell that so tune in
Tuesday and Wednesday for some product
release and exciting news
Alex buting hey are you doing a 3 V 3 V
are you doing a sick oh look at the sky
let's try that again
let's just try that again Alex buting
are you doing a 3d video no I'm doing
a 360 video that's what I meant yes so
even at Sega tries still got it wrong
you did Wow
all right being allowed skateboards in
dude they're like 50/50 don't die on my
making a big deal about okay or not take
that expression with that 50 days I've
had so many more life I've had so many
more than 50 but videos yes okay yeah I
like how wish Casey at any moment is
ready in a skateboard that work all
right come on do a kickflip not right
now hey you know what I didn't say
you're gonna succeed good morning well
13 yeah 13 there's more than 13
skateboards there are how are you doing
this morning tire by guys I'm gonna
retreat to my office for the rest of my
life oh my gosh that was scary I was
truly tried not to move I think I moved
like an inch wish me luck I'll see you
at lunch time the Train says hi it's
been about an hour and I'm not even that
far in it sucks
I do it all by hand too by the way I
know I could do it by computer I just
prefer to do it by hand it makes it
makes me go into my brain better look
what it has appeared in front of me it
is lunchtime I am gonna watch my TV show
and then I'm gonna eat this is gonna be
amazing i just finished Gotham which was
awesome season one I think season two is
about to come out I'm really excited
that so I'm back on shore Park Boys I
realize I didn't finish the season 10
I'm like I'd like on Episode three or
four or something so Trailer Park Boys
soup it's going down got to get that hot
sauce done to do to turn hot sauce hot
sauce prior names is in here so would
you give a little hot sauce on a desk
okay there you have some let's keep
going
family pizza night
get in there bacon and cheese this
workspace is ridiculous
okay so lunch is done that went way too
fast I've got basically two hours to
finish this up and get my video prepped
for later today which I think I'll do no
problem but my workday is pretty much
drained so I'm gonna go to the warehouse
just to say hi to everyone
remind them that I'm alive and remind me
that they're alive
and I'm gonna get back to work hey I'm
alive good hey I'm alive good hey man
I'm alive that's sighs Casey I'm alive
good Brian there's hot sauce on your
desk awesome no I mean like it's
literally on your desk
what's up and now back to this mess
there's like a strange quartet album
elko Heat songs which is like the
greatest thing I realize Thank You Craig
Stanley for introducing this to me
because that is my jam today was this
awesome it is awesome fire looking back
to work
I'm finally done with finances I'm
getting my video ready for a day and
then same walks and he's like I learned
a new trick here it is oh yeah dude uh
Pacey told me you're trying that I kind
of do it that's I've never done that
during my life that's that has to be
hard and into three times and I can only
John he'll trip I can only do it going
really slow okay so I'm trying to say
goodbye to everyone and I try to walk
into the just distribution side of shred
quarters and I meant with the crapped on
orders I know I don't know I don't know
if I'm gonna fit boots oh my gosh that
was scary I did it did you that a
purpose cheese since it was Finance date
I wasn't able to fill in any forms and
I'm sorry guys but I will shout out some
people
Logan Trump thank you very much Jane
Wilson ah I'm so psyched that you're
comin thank you so much I hope that your
meal tonight is very good you should
probably go with a good chicken dish
again chickens under underrated really
JC McGann Curtis pretty but I think it's
falling I'm gonna put it back over here
no but seriously all of you guys the
order stuff from companies the the Shrek
orders calm and shops whatnot we love
you thank you so much for the support
right chambers thank you for everything
you do I'll see you at the skate spot
I'm it up got you I'm gonna punch
everything about everything Brian I'll
see the skate spot
oh okay so I went to the bank I picked
up ridin from preschool and now we're
here ride your comes to headed to a Dana
like fifty Oh what do you eat what did
it what's that a balloon how does it
Bobby see it that is an old balloon dude
look at it okay so riding has like a
piggy bank and he has like a little bit
of money set aside and he got a small
Lego say yesterday and you built it
yourself didn't you
you did really good look at this yeah I
helped with a couple pieces but you did
most of it you did really good on a 10-5
okay so what's happening now is that I'm
going to straighten up here although it
is in pretty good condition the house is
somewhat clean for now what did you just
do he kind of broke the leg oh all right
I'm gonna fix that we have a babysitter
coming over to watch him for a couple
hours while I go out and film with Sabre
Casey and Brian for take over the world
it's coming down crunch time for the
video so we like have to go out during
weekdays so that means I gotta get a
babysitter to hang out with him for a
little bit I need to organize this so
bad and riding is being a good dude and
clean this playroom which I might look
messy but this is so much cleaner than
it was you doing awesome buddy
high-five at first go into the door I
got the whole thing on film Jim hey I'm
going I'll be back in a few hours fee
okay I'm big big yeah I love you be good
and have fun okay let's go should I
think I should hit up chip we be here no
Bryan Ames is already here he's about to
try real trick so you probably won't see
anything at his spot
haha I was almost perfect alright well
you can't close dude huh that's a dumb
trick I don't want to do he was way more
bummed on it than I was I was making out
but now we are going to slipcovers which
is those metal edges that we always get
I don't want that guy ever the metal
edges we always skate in downtown
Cincinnati it's been really busy lately
like there's always been cars there so
fingers crossed but we might end up
skating something else alright well
we're here but as always the good side
that side which is what I want to see it
on is just car parked at it so that
sucks hopefully they move soon I guess
it is until then
wow that's easy
Wow what did you do
my boat fell off on my trip Fisher just
deleted the clip too
oh well alright well there you go Thomas
is here
smooth
back him up you didn't like all weight
over a baby at the end hey Thomasin Ryan
brackish Oh
we're gonna go to one more spot alright
so that session was done we don't got
too much longer actually we almost about
hopefully we can get Thomas do one trick
for his video for it and then I got to
get home I'm actually been sick lately
I'm actually been sick I've actually
been sick lately and it's kind of weird
skating so I'm not even bummed that I
don't have too much time today there I
swear there poured molten lava out what
if it burn look at it's all melted hey
you're playing Pokemon I'm actually
testing
to go actually so
mission accomplished Thomas got a strake
it was very good and he got that little
bean plant thing or whatever it's called
for you guys so that was gold
it was a pretty you know for a quick
mission down town if I quick I mean I
stay that way longer than I meant to it
was a good it was a good good it wasn't
good
no the whole time it was a lobster
that's a Star Wars thing hey guys hey
did you have fun yeah then you would you
guys do a bunch of stuff I saw you
colored on the driveway
chalk sidewalk chalk totally right okay
hello let's go get some dinner yeah
let's go mo a rank ago are you really
okay so I've been cooking at home a lot
lately and this is a weird day
considering time I'm usually from four
o'clock until he goes to bed I'm just
with ride and hanging out and having fun
with him but today I didn't get home
till like 6:30
so I'm just gonna go get food so I don't
have to clean up and like you know cook
anything there we good he wants skylines
so I'll try to find a salad I'm so
eating better so hopefully hopefully I
can find something is that the worst for
me ridin would you be surprised if he
found out I was Batman yeah yeah that's
it awesome thank you so if I didn't know
how to juggle I would have never saved
the cat
Raja's one's hand cleaning his playroom
because you destroyed it with the
babysitter that's okay
that's why we have rooms is to use them
right we want nobody catch the alien you
want to play catch with the alien
alright this is something mom would
probably not approve oh you got a here
you got to really get them going okay oh
good catch oh yeah hit me back oh that
was better
oh that's right we typically don't throw
stuff over the railing but for one time
right now we're gonna play catch okay so
you're gonna throw him over the railing
how I just showed you and I'm gonna
catch him down there okay gosh Oh doll
that was bad oh yeah all right one more
time
oh I didn't catch him are you okay Hey
are you okay
all right pal July with spiky shell ah
well now he doesn't now he's in ten
pieces we got a ball hat I want you also
have some feed gosh haha its PJ time for
Rudd isn't it you know you forgot to do
though you've got to put shirt on hey
mom's home
all right okay so off-camera riding just
told mom that she couldn't carpet for
you think mom from cardboard yeah so
she's proving him wrong I think she can
do a three-shot we're gonna see if she
can do three chef's can you Breton have
you ever been to a shove it yet
first try three shell Dryden do a shove
it I know the oars on you off our mom
right here right here
yeah do right there I'm gonna put a
pillow right here so you don't hit that
let's see it first try
use your mom just did a shove it first
try wow you like doing it too huh phone
alright you go back do the threesome you
just do it harder get bright red and
pull your feet up oh that was like a
shovel body varial okay you let mom land
this okay how often does mom pour
cardboard never Oh see you almost got it
you got a cheer for what she does it
okay that's the cheerier gay no which
she lands it red and laughs nope that
ain't count almost got it though really
give it there you go that was it Oh
we'll take that that was good weird
high-fiving you're here I'll hug you
my wife awesome mom just did a free show
freak out
do you think rising to the shove-it uh
one day eventually I agree
all right stand up buddy give up try to
shove it somehow a llamas doing stop
doing push-ups and do a show of it you
shoved that board we can do a push-up
challenge next shove that board with
that that's an entirely different trick
would in that was good all right
good job babe I'm proud of you p5 540
show up someday sure yeah
all right we're gonna go guys we're
gonna put him to bed and call tonight he
wanted you a force outro like I did with
a lightsaber and he acted like he was
getting hit by a lightsaber but we're
gonna do the force this time because I
told him I don't do the same thing but I
hope you guys like this video I do Dana
lives uh fairly often but I do videos
every single day so hit the subscribe
button if you want to see more for me
and then of course this guy's in a lot
of my videos I love him more than
anything ever
alright so either way I'll see you guys
tomorrow
you ready for the force here actually
before we do this so you don't hit your
head okay you're gonna fly back into the
pillows right so when you see my hand go
like this you go floor alright are you
ready
blah there take it easy guys
good at you goodnight you
riding for the bonus club guess what you
are a Tuscan Raider okay let's see you
whoa whoa whoa whoa gosh
gotta think I caught you you're about to
fly Facebook be a Tuscan Raider that's
all I was asking you do Hey - yeah all
right you got me
I love you goodbye but you're about to
fall off you're about to fall off you
you fell off
