YouTube what's up guys it's update video
time but before I start this I'm gonna
teach you how to instantly erase
something from your hand
see this v right on my hand watch boom
it's gone you just learned something but
yes it is an update video I'm gonna talk
about things that are going on in my
life and my companies and all that stuff
and if you listen then you listen really
I just stated a fact if you do it's a
new ism but the answer to your first
question is no I do not think I look
good in this hat I'm just wearing it
because in fact I I look stupid now like
I look kind of dumb so I'm wearing it
because I kind of like to look down the
internet that's just a thing of mine
okay but my life is it's honestly you
know everyone of these update videos
always began with how busy my life is
and I've had a realization okay now
you've realized something my goal in
2017 I'm saying it right now is just to
enjoy life more I enjoy my life I love
it I love being busy but it's gotten so
crazy lately that I don't even have time
to order furniture alright so like my
house I moved in it in December I still
need to buy things for it you know like
stuff looking to go on the walls
furniture for certain rooms and I am so
busy that I don't even have time to
order the furniture I like I wake up and
I'm like I thought I didn't have time to
order furniture last night it takes like
how many minutes and I just can't set
aside that much time just to get on a
website and do it it sucks
I'm just saying I'm super busy my wife
is in her last year of grad school right
now like she is next year she's gonna be
officially dr. schrock
which is awesome I'm super proud of her
but she works so much right now with
like she has to go to clinicals
basically she's like acts as a physical
therapist even though she hasn't
technically won yet and she gets home
really late
she's Dawson she just goes to bed so I'm
like it's a single dad right now I'm
taking ride in to preschool in the
morning I work and I pick him up and
then I like hang out with him all night
and I work it to the wee hours the
morning and then I wake up and do it
every single day and it's really really
tough it's it gets tough I'm just
putting so much more time into YouTube
videos I'm trying to make a mum fear and
a longer and more content so it just
takes a lot out of me it really does I
need to just like take a vacation from
YouTube and work and just like fix my
house and get it where it needs to be
but of course I'm not gonna do that I'm
not gonna leave you guys that videos
don't worry about that I'm not going
anywhere
it's just tough I'm actually think about
bringing on someone to help me out with
like filming and editing or whatnot so
we'll see this has got to go let's
frigging gotta go everybody I got her
and does look like happening here but I
do right here oh my gosh it really does
not look like I have heroin what did
they do I do have a question for you
guys I'm I think we're doing a poll like
it all up a poll pull a freaking poll
Andy I'm gonna do a poll that sounds
weird
what Bry names here's a credit card
thank you for the Honda I paid for it
Brian's just used my car without asking
me he just paid for rental car on my
credit card
without asking and that's when you know
you have a friend when they take your
money
but yeah there is a pole somewhere up
there and I want to know what upload
time do you guys prefer I did 3:30 a.m.
for the longest time and I recently
switched it to during the week I do like
4 o'clock Eastern Standard Time 1
o'clock if you're in California I don't
know where what it is everywhere else in
the world but and then on the weekends I
still upload a little earlier I upload
11 a.m. here do you guys like this new
schedule or do you prefer the 3:30 time
it'll be right up there click it 3:30
a.m. or 4 o'clock those are your options
and let me know because I want to do
what you guys want in the movie and Shh
video game world that's one trying to
say gosh Danny you suck at talking for
as much as you do it in the movie and
video game world I have been kind of out
of the mix time I just want to point out
that I'm sitting in my chair so weird
okay the back is here and my back is
that way I haven't seen movies lately I
didn't see Suzanne squad a theater um
and I'm not that bummed about it I heard
nothing but with things to say about it
I'll see it eventually it'll probably be
when it comes out on on DVD I am excited
for the Blair Witch to come back with
the Blair of the original Blair Witch
ruled I'm excited for like a new one to
come out so that's pretty much it and
then I don't know do we have like Doctor
Strange I think is coming out soon I
don't know the important thing is that
stranger things is one of the greatest
shows to happen in a long time my gosh
especially if you're my age of your late
20s early 30s then the 80s vibe is just
the best thing that has ever happened I
love it so much you don't have to
experience the 80s or enjoy the 80s just
watch the show it's so so good you
probably have already seen it most
people I know have already seen it but
it is amazing okay it takes my brain and
put some eggs on it negating then fries
them and then you know spices them up a
little bit puts on a plate and then
you're like okay I didn't even know I
wanted breakfast that's what stranger
thing is like all right that's how good
it is I mean girls dig it when you look
like a potato I do
some news when it comes to a new company
okay I think at the beginning last year
I started saying we're gonna do a new
company it is going to be in the
skateboard world okay so it's not gonna
be something off the wall and strange
I'm not gonna say what product it is but
I am gonna say that we finally have a
name I'm gonna say the name right now
I'm sorry I'm just full of disappointing
things but we do have a name it's not
100% official but we think it's gonna go
through it's been a long hard battle
with his name and we I've gotten the
thumbs-up to start producing stuff as of
December so I'm sorry I already have a
team lined up a bunch of guys have been
waiting patiently so hang out for more
info it will launch early next year for
sure we're gonna launch with a bang so
it'll be really exciting so stay tuned
I'm sorry I've been talked about a new
company for so long I'm sorry that's
taking this long but it is actually
happening I promise in the reviving
force world we have some stuff going on
as always we have the new fall line of
revive drops next week so basically like
this day next week I think it'll be like
particularly Saturdays like a week in a
day is when the fall stuff drops you
will get some exciting news on Tuesday
and then you would get to see the lineup
on Wednesday so hang in there a very
awesome next week for a vibe we have we
are avenge 62 right 62 is gonna be
coming up in the Christmas season and
then next year you will get a healthy
amount of we are avenges your get your
private I'll probably finish off the
sixties next year so we'll be back in
the swing of things when it comes to
that so horse is just rock and roll in
the fall of launches a couple weeks away
you know we usually do it after a
revival we are totally gonna do a forced
tour video next year what's supposed to
be this year but a lot of people
couldn't make it so we had to push a
back pass take over the world which is
the revive video which I also had to
push back out Nova announced it but it's
gonna come out early next year probably
Valentine's Day like we did with live
skate time but either way I just want to
always always always say thank you so
much for all your guys support I like it
so this day I still walking straight
quarters and I'm like my gosh this
actually happened so we're gonna keep it
going and we're gonna keep you guys
rolling so thank you so much for all the
support guys seriously I love you dudes
I don't know why the peace signs here
but peace it's story time okay
get away hand it is freaking story time
all right and I usually try to I don't
know why it's a thing but I always talk
about like the things I'm not proud
about in life like all the my all my
things that you're like I Andy sucks but
I'm gonna talk about
I kind of suck even though I don't
really like I don't regret it so much it
was a young and oh I was young okay yeah
so I was young and I was skateboarding
and the cops did not want me
skateboarding over on Beechmont
Avenue which is where I skateboarded
growing up here in Sandy we always used
to skate tanatos and you can skate
tonight I was like to this day I'll go
to the otters they don't care like the
business owners like wave and smile if
they're just nice people and there's no
cars back there you really not hurting
anybody at one point in my time
skateboarders were hated on beachfront
Avenue okay everyone hated us there was
no skate park in the area so everybody
was just on that the street spots in
front of the businesses and they would
chase this down they would give us
tickets all that sort of stuff okay
it's just kind of funny because like you
know as a teenager you'll be doing much
worse things but then they're out
skateboarding in a site okay so the
freakin people that are like doing drugs
and drinking are completely getting
Pat's on the back but the guys that
aren't doing that and just have their
skateboard and having fun you guys are
arresting and ticketing yeah never made
sense to us but whatever but we were
skateboarding and the cops were like hey
buddy I'm gonna come yell at you kick
you out I didn't I don't know I didn't
know if I was getting arrested some of
they would take us to the police station
car parents sometimes they would like
try and tear boards you never know it
was gonna happen so we booked it we just
totally booked it okay my friend and I
started skating okay we knew the
businesses and streets really well so we
could maneuver between between places
and get to a safe place pretty easily I
think I had outran cops a couple times
when I was younger I totally had respect
for like lease in general but there were
a few cops on our force that I did not
have respect for head were jerks and
they never knew if you're going to get
them so I just booked it well this one
day I got caught alright it was
hilarious cuz I went like probably like
a couple blocks down and we thought we
were safe we were hiding in this like
business area like it was like a series
of office buildings and we were in like
the center of it near some shrubbery
okay just imagine that us near some
shrubs
shrub me my friend hanging out it was a
great time we were catching her breath
because we just booked in five minutes
down the road and then all the sudden
this cop panting like he just had the
same journey I don't know how he
probably drove and then got out of his
car and then like the the car to where
we were was a race for him but he was
panting he was like you guys were
running from me and we were like no dude
no and he was like you guys are running
from me and I don't know why I was like
you know what if he's gonna accuse me
twice I might as well just fess up so
really yeah we were bad why but it was
just like he's like oh since you said it
again I'm gonna
I'm gonna admit it so we said yes and he
was actually one of the nice dude so I
feel bad for running from him because he
would probably have just talked to us
and said moved somewhere else but uh
yeah totally I ran from the cops got
caught and did not get in trouble that
was a cool story motel and I was happy
about that
other times one time I ran from the cops
and then I like got away completely
didn't catch us but the guy was so mad
he had like he and our friends and me
and another dude ran and he told our
friends that he was going to arrest us
he was like demanding our names it was
ridiculous it was like you were
skateboarding okay well we're not
hurting anybody that's it that was the
life of running from the cops on
Beechmont Avenue as a kid that's it I
got it off my chest but that is it guys
these update videos I need to like start
writing things down because I always
have ideas to talk about and then when
it comes time I'm like what am I gonna
talk about in this update video so uh
thank you guys right you know I do do
daily videos I'm not quite sure what
you're getting tomorrow or over the
weekend but I have videos so you get
videos every single day I am gonna try
to work on a couple of videos I've got a
skit in mind I've got I want to do a
golf skateboarding if you remember that
video I want to do a sequel of that
video I do another prank video so I got
ideas hang in there the meantime you
guys have a great Friday and go out and
skateboard when you don't skateboard
play it again Spy Metroid Metroid but to
end this I'm gonna do a bottle flip and
land in this in this Cup okay new level
of bottle flipping actually just a
stupid new way to do it well that's
pretty much gone forever I'm not redoing
that
and that's pretty much the only reason
in fact and some video if you really go
okay people are like yeah that is how I
deal with my issues okay and what upload
time do you preserve preserve I can't
talk we have new episodes e frenzy
fighting fulfill I'm trying to say
resist spazzing out Andy that's what I
was trying to I was trying to resist
spazzing out and I failed utterly I need
to do another funniest butterman I do
have some news okay I know what could be
so what's that
you
