we're here in sunny Hawaii first okay up
the trip you just fucked garage dude
what oh my gosh it's Christmas at the
skate park
my body is Bush saying you're watching
real TV
my name's peacock and you were in this
video yes
I mean I am too but I'm always in he's
more special right now we're going to
the beach and it's gonna feel so good
it's weird that it needs a key usually
ow your head my head bounced off of this
thing I love him yeah there's a rhino
right there I swear those right we just
stopped at island snow I got these
shades cuz I didn't bring sunglasses and
why because I'm a dumb and then we
bought some towels because we were going
to the beach probably already told you
that but you heard it again
that looks pretty awesome how is getting
better all right guys I am going to get
the GoPro and I'm going to use that
because I really shouldn't have to give
you a reason why because that's the only
logical thing to take to a beach Sabre
Hotel your fabric life flashed when
we're at Plato's hi judge me so hard
right there cool how was awesome yeah I
just drop you YouTube oh haha
the water is so blue where are my
friends found him face I'm a little guy
right away hey buddy hey you want to go
in the ocean people let's go it's
getting deep fast dude this is what
Christian does at the beach every time
so when you jump into salt water it
makes you realize that you have cuts on
your body
yeah it's last thought you had
cornflakes man long time you had to get
a tub of mustard or a cup of mayonnaise
which one you bet you do
probably mustard I guess yeah totally
mustard yeah
keep skateboarding you get punched in
the face once a week what you do it yeah
there's always awesome you didn't think
about that for a second that was good
Dallas got stung by a jellyfish I got a
little baby you got one too Yeah right
there that's the stinger I'd even know
jellyfish you had stinger it's a support
use metamour see that little string
right there oh that's the tentacle Wow
that sucks are you okay yeah just suck
then it's not gonna kill you just really
God you like you get stung my bean like
20 different places see you a video yeah
yeah see the leg right there that's what
bad so it has all the little tiny little
needles that sting you Wow that sucks
I'm done yeah we're done everyone's just
out a little blue spot stunted how do
you guys both get stung by something
that's this big all red all white all
time off you guys can call my toss
because that's the thing that was
actually the best thing I could have
done after slamming on that handrail for
like 30 minutes how long I see me
delaying it like a solid 30 minutes
probably already 45 right okay so I
think we're going to island snow to get
the best snow cone that exists in the
world I'm not even kidding I'm not
exaggerating it's the best I'm gonna
take you guys to go with me I wish you
know what I wish I was doing more of
these lives so I can let you guys pick
the time falling backwards I am falling
backwards I wish you guys could pick my
flavor for me because I'm fun but it's
not happening I'm sorry here is it car
key and I'm gonna use it because I need
to I do know where I'm going I just
don't know how to get there I'm gonna
I'm gonna see if I can even make this
work I am feeling good about my driving
decisions so far okay one where I call
them snow - that guy's license plate is
mr. Jedi and I'm getting a spot so I'm a
Jedi
Star Trek back at Island snow this is
gonna be so delicious you have no idea
how happy I am hunter have you done this
yet
okay yes yeah then you know it was
absolutely wonder what's gonna be it's
gonna be whiz it's gonna be my but it
was that's amazing
I get to eat this you get to eat it what
did I get lie cheat and lime this is the
greatest thing that's ever happened my
face it is I don't know any of those
people but I've told them we're trying
to follow Jason to another spot before
we eat dinner but we're missing pretty
much everybody saber and I are ready
that's it friends let's go
oh there's time lost his phone which we
take much pictures of it oh this is your
phone yeah here day we did it's a saber
like 200 pictures one time do you like
do you like Kiwis yeah they're good I'm
having a breakdown
all right we are wrapping up this video
to skate of one last spot what are you
doing with that port-a-potty
and why does someone's house and have a
porta potty are you one of the only
times and I'm gonna film in flip flops
no matter what you're doing in Hawaii
it's gonna at least look fun this this
Pat that looks fun to walk down I enjoy
what are we skating there's a baseball
saver catch this oh he did it this looks
fun it's really cool dude Thomas would
be obsessed with this place you look
like you need some black beans and rice
hi it's nice to film your skate burning
again Jason hey I feel it's been eight
months dude way too long I don't know
why you're laughing that had to hurt
I didn't really do it
oh my god
that was scary cheese Oh
Leonard's four cheese pizza how are you
guys doing tricks with looking at this
right next to you Hunter saved the day
and he gave me a light
oh my gosh nothing I landed up I feel
like this is the skate video version of
cops what you guys doing back here oh
he'll flip that's it we're done
I'm sweating and it's like the dark
ducts dust oh my gosh I can't talk let's
leave that's it I hope you guys liked
hanging out with us today it was a super
fun it was actually the perfect Hawaiian
day we did everything I got some clothes
few guys I got chick from my Park I'm a
really happy dude but I'm gonna go eat
and call it a night
I'll see you guys tomorrow peace out Sam
what text your mom I did
you guys thought the video was over oh
my gosh
somebody's hit me with a baseball in the
foot I mean not but that is a huge frog
what are you doing buddy oh my gosh oh
my gosh guy you're like like yes seven
angry Giants just came up to this guy
yeah yeah he's terrified he's like what
do I do
alright no you're good dude hey have a
good life man look at that one's a whole
new world a great fantastic place to be
uh from Star Trek
