antastic
where was that
that was fast so third trial I was
really good old wait right there Brian
hey Alex I came up with me call me daddy
I know you did good
oh wow it's on our court how did it feel
it's on record it is our record yeah it
is he looks super serious though that
didn't even like heartbreak that didn't
film really we're fighting crime bracket
oh hey how you doing good how are you
son
hey man high five my guitar hey high
five a guitar cool all right talking
about just just stuff three-part
challenge today three parts a loud es
speak louder you port challenge today
first one is Andy's gonna play the
guitar
you're gonna sing with me I'll sing too
I'm a great thing you're gonna do it
again
are you a really good singer no park -
Lisa's guide yet you guys long as it's
gonna take its beauty ten bottle flips
okay but you're good at bottle flip I
got a beer okay respectful you are good
at bottle flipping and we think you can
do it here
all right and after that you get to move
on and the last part is you're gonna do
that piggy fifty-fifty tre flip out
again your have five minutes to do it
and if you do it you get a free pair of
shoes but this is a Redemption okay have
you v's like aliens resurrection
Halloween Redemption all those movies
that are titled that yeah this is you
this is your time to shine you were
Sigourney Weaver okay you are doing this
all right if you don't if you don't do
this I think I have hot sauce in my my
butt pocket which that's weird let's
just point that out it's there okay and
you got to drink it and then we're
actually you got to drink three packets
of hot sauce for is all the hot sauce we
can find whatever packets are lying on
the table you a drink okay yeah so in
cachi guitar that's pretty good Alec
come get inside dude a lot that's a good
show what part are you more nervous
about walking in the door that's that's
not an answer
well he did kind of suck at it well
Justin get the guitar
are you scared right now no not at all
well I practiced obviously I want my dad
come on time limit I'll wipe the glass
turn yet we're being super nice to you
okay the only time limit is when you try
the trick but five minutes man oh you
can get it yeah
this is the warmup oh this is the warm
up in I will start a first set and then
you take them there okay
Santa Cruz mustache
little great really
you got a Belgium and damn paper in the
business
you gotta come on hop me under here then
they can't speak loudly that's why they
it doesn't matter how good you sounding
just need to speak loud enough for that
deep that's here I kids
Brian names Uday
right and elected with you
that would be the worst thing in my den
because it would feel so gross it's got
cheap crummy beer
from his caste right names don't kiss
Braga names yeah
don't kiss
there's a lot better that was pretty
good that is that you warm up you can
find out on iTunes
I'm slash sandy this is Ryan Bracken's
Gatorade bottle that he flips with and
you and I both have attested to confirm
they're trying that a single more getter
it we're tracking every my homeboy
all right now you got to do ten of them
okay ten bottle flip skateboarding
tricks what doing what doing I mean just
around the skatepark you can do some non
scape or interest there's ten bottle
thing I would like to see you use the
skateboard you want start with the
classic kickflip yeah whoa that didn't
count
and flops no flops no swaps oh I had it
we might be here all day we really might
ah look at it look at it
I was pretty him that was a pretty prism
you gotta clean it up Oh
Oh
oh yes look at you whoa that was pretty
awesome I'm previewing a video game but
in real life with a real bottle with
real people
reality TV in a game show all right so
we pretty much gave Ryan like one of the
hardest ones he's going to do right off
the bat so what fun with the next one
what do you what do you got in mind
oh the one and a half slider home
are you just saying words right now one
and a half slider home good grip you
have a good grip at a pitiable apatow
applicable what are you doing with your
life son
okay was miss the skateboard dude or it
was good but I know what you're trying
to do and you're gonna land a good
ladies and gentlemen we have Ryan Brock
okay one I'm annoying too this is very
fun to film I like this
the assailant was naked at the crime
scene
do you even realize that this was like a
thing that would work
Fintan saber yeah first try I was not
anybody was barely on these were Aaron's
duck border sorry sorry are in Cairo the
crime scene was caked with powdered
sugar oh I think you're onto something
oh I am sweating and I'm the one filming
I'm practicing more than anyone else I
guess
oh yeah
bride courtesy of two dudes
oh my gosh new bottle I'm so happy right
that is the best thing ever that took
some time and we're get we're cutting
you we're cutting you off you're doing
five-number not cutting you off but
you're doing five alright because I just
got an aerobics workout walking the
Mennella stairs you're sweating a lot
I'm sweating dude all I did was run well
you guys don't stop and I was just like
the other up and down next one you got
three more to do is that awkward it's
super I
that was easy how much am i sweating yep
I'm sweating is it drop on the ground on
the top okay how long do you take first
try you're crazy
dude you got it you just need to do it
earlier oh we do things sometimes
that's super it's an old trick Aman make
people hit your camera hey for the last
one you have to do what I did with the
water bottle Casey with the gatorade
bottle up to the top okay doesn't happen
panda yeah how many tries 16 might as
well just try it
Oh
third try
wow that was third try no it was second
try because the first time he practices
you just threw it three feet that was
super good dude yeah are you ready to
actually skateboard yeah I'm ready to
scale Bryan get your hair dryer out got
it
ready and go
Oh didn't you land it first try concerns
fourth try no and 102 second spend one
minute two seconds Wow that put some
spice in him I put some fire inside his
microwave what was that
kind of feel bad for him because you
just went through the most unstable
process ever yeah this is 2 minutes and
18 seconds left 2 minutes and 18 seconds
left
oh that was fantastic
cowboys and Indians waiting we talked
about that real atomic scale isn't
insignificant okay
oh that was so good Ryan
you better take your shoes off because
you're getting new ones yeah that was
good kick you too Brian
yeah that was good high-five me
high-five me hear you I am in 27 seconds
let's go yes it really goes I don't
watch them at all not since I was like
17 maybe you stomp that you gosh I'm
gonna high-five you for the rest of your
life dude would you like to skate some
s's from America's some etnies hmm
here is the wall of foot washed shirts
thank you more like foot hoodies like
socks our foot shirts
these are foot hoodies second it's
always cold outside yeah ooh looking fly
for a shoe also I all these are say
these are like the well the good thing
about this is when you put them on like
like literally girls just come up and
kiss you if you have a girlfriend there
like it there's a good circle of
protection that just bans away the
kisses nice there we go these that's
there you go
again you're getting friggin kiss no not
by me and we sing a song about kissing
right names not to kiss brand names but
I think I'm talking too much than this
video we should project have the outro
happen right yeah
this guy not only is the proud owner of
some new shoes he's the proud owner of a
youtube channel which is right down
there in the info he came back he
redeemed himself because like two weeks
ago
he sucked ish but today he doesn't suck
you're awesome congratulations
and I have time left to spare yep you
did have time out to spare what are you
use your minute before you tickle Bryan
Ames for 10 bucks I loosen you won't do
it for free I'm not offering I was just
wondering he was gonna do it for ya no
no dude actually please don't do that
I'm like one I can't I can't watch that
unless I do it
