oh now what's up bucko grab it like even
though that's exciting - it's your very
first one
- oh he's here feet - you put your foot
here oh oh the first day oh my gosh
YouTube what is up guys so yes that was
this little guy right here only he's not
as little anymore you may have seen that
clip in an older video with him
skateboarding but I've never featured it
as its own video and I thought it was
too cool of a clip not to so I hope you
guys enjoyed that I'm gonna talk about
it a little bit but before I do that I'm
gonna take a trip down memory lane
over the last few years since ride and
starting to skateboarding here and there
you ready is here oh yeah my
oh are you that means he is what's
watching what are you doing you want me
to skate
you're gay
Oh
I'll get your suit
back home and play
Oh awesome
switch 360
yeah don't you go
you
I just did your first place you ready
you're scaling Machamp
ready do it
kind of a new
meet
oh my gosh we gotta watch
there you guys go that was a montage of
this little guy what is your name like
big yes this is ridin hammock don't
you're beguiling different I don't have
he's also a stormtrooper but yeah that
was a montage of him and I goofing
around letting him skateboard
we don't do it a lot we I am I'm big on
put not pushing him to do anything and I
just whenever he wants to skate we skate
and we have fun doing it the funny thing
about the first clip is though is that
he I didn't I didn't ever say you need
to skateboard you try skateboard I mean
he was two before that he was one at one
before that happened actually because he
got that on a second birthday and he
just started to show interest right
before a second birthday so I cut him
down his own deck out of one of the
bigger ones from my skateboard company
he immediately picked it up and got on
it and tried to ollie and like did a
little manual thing and it was so
adorable was heartwarming especially to
pursue skateboarding do you think you'll
escape over you or you will what tricks
are you gonna new whatever i what it's a
good attitude I guess do you think that
this is a cat no all right don't knees
probably wasn't walk around so I thought
it'd be really cool to feature that clip
and then of course show the little walk
down memory lane and like I said I'm not
gonna force riding to do anything if he
skates he does if he does what something
else that's fine as long as he's
following what he wants to do and what
makes him happy because that's what it
matters right what's what's most
important about life right walk boom
nailed it right so uh war I see a skate
he's been doing awesome lately actually
you think your next time you skate you
landed ollie cuz you almost did last
time huh yeah yeah well thank you guys
for watching we will definitely be doing
more videos I think the next video that
him and I are doing together although he
makes appearances in all of my videos
look recently I think we're gonna do a
lego timeline so do you I do that soon
it'll be fun and then will of course
have more skate videos so thank you guys
for watching all the kind words of
comments means a lot I do videos every
single day so hit the subscribe button
if you want to see more for me if not
what should they do if they don't watch
the videos right watch the good
okay I don't know what his answer was
but he did just go over to the stairs
and say I'm skating and jumped on the
shoes dear whatever
that's an LCD screen no oh that's a lens
flare oh okay bye and bye
what do you want to do bonnet what do
you want the bonus clip to be me get
down maybe pretend that you're playing
or actually plays I feel like it's hard
to pretend you're playing I'm shredder
not a good guy now I have changed my
ways and I'm not a bad guy anymore
so don't hit me off the ledge because
that would be mean and I'm a good guy
and I fell for ledge
don't judge me total phony with me when
I want it is that how it is huh what he
just told me you know what I can do I
could just pick this up and just take it
away from you oh I might break it
actually believe it right there
you
