we are here in sunny Hawaii this is our
first full day we got a really good crew
we got Christian we got time also we got
Brett Novak
you can call him Freddie if you want to
then you got Sam cable you can call me
brick you can call Sam Taylor right so
first things first we're gonna go get
some pokey because that is how you start
a proper Hawaiian day and then we're
gonna get to skateboarding I think at
Kaneohe Park Chris he's been sickened
like hard flip 360s recently I can't
wait to see him landed today that's yeah
I just made that up
what if I had one friend that I could do
it I bet you'd be this guy I have a bag
of swim gear in case we go to the beach
or going to the beach
are we animated or there's our van
lately on these skate trips I'm just
into minivans is that like cool just to
have enough room at the greatest name
for here it is have you ever eaten
nachos
yes you got a whole Nigel Alexander vibe
and the tank I didn't recognize myself
on video though you know what a lot of
people just watch my videos I think I'm
cool with Nigel but in fact I'm just
saying this to try to make Nigel freak
out if he watches this video he knows me
well enough that he wouldn't freak out
he but is he talking about you're my
friend Nigel also Jack in Wisconsin if
there's a random jack in Wisconsin we
should hang out sometime you should be
here where you want Jack like play-doh
and I'll not get a kisser
no Simona ye just kind of ugliest we
have a new poke a spot I know it's weird
yeah Chris well this is not Crispin I
curse at all on a scale from one to ten
because Chris has already had it guys
nine point eight which means I really
want to find the nine point nine in just
two dudes eating some poke a first okay
up the trip oh my gosh I really wish
this existed in Cincinnati this
delicious we have it but it's just
nowhere close to this
oh yeah J Sparky's here I am there great
I have not seen this dude since January
which is a long time for man I used to
see them like every other now he's on
the phone not quiz
we're gonna go skate I'm good guys the
water it surprised me to grasshoppers
have teeth oh you got the most day
what's up to this this video yeah thank
you look at that the best thing is that
you probably have done exactly this if
somebody would have handed you you know
like
and I wanted you to sign it I can do
that this you guys are I'm gonna cry
because you hit me right in the heart
what oh my gosh Barry you made this
that's for you so we just with no idea
this was happening guys this is so
insane you got a Pokemon shirt this is
like Christmas we basically walk into
this game that is so it's Christmas at
the skate park
you got bananas yeah dude this is for
riding hands down the coolest car riding
has now - is that the coolest thing in
the world now they did Trump I got taken
out after Christmas we're probably going
to skateboarding get a bunch of clubs
for you guys yeah and not quiz is nice
enough to film he's gonna hate me ahead
of this trip
that might have been my best and sound
to me it's definitely my best how do you
mind immediately after I've never seen a
bruise get that dark that best Chris
sister Hickey
all right well this dude killed it oh my
gosh he like everything you just saw him
was within like seven minutes but
there's a sweet spot over here we're
gonna go over there hopefully actually
land some tricks that you won't see
because I'm gonna put it away ideally
pretty convenient that the street spot
is right across from the skate park what
animal did we find here remember like a
frog
yeah I remember something the first time
you ever saw broke Wow in a while a
little higher than I remember but not
too I I just went right for the trick
and I battled it I didn't think I was
gonna do it I thought I just hurt myself
to like you can see like blood blisters
on my hair but I got it because this
dude and tie and Christian all hate me
everyone else was here but they kind of
came out after a landing so no offense
to the people his name but but the rest
of the day I'm gonna relax I'm gonna
film what happens it's gonna be fun
all right guys I'm gonna stop this blaga
soda right here and I'm gonna continue
the day that you're watching on
Thursday's video so hope you guys
enjoyed it it was a super fun day all
around but what you saw in this section
was a lot of fun like the skate park
footage it was it was really really cool
except the rail beat me to death guys
look at my hands I still have I still
have bruises and bumps from this there's
like a week and a half ago the next
section is really entertaining to some
dudes at the beach actually got stung by
a jellyfish or a Portuguese Man O War
but for simplicity of the world I'm
gonna say jellyfish and that's it I do
daily videos to hit the subscribe button
if you want to see more from me and I
will see you tomorrow that's it that's
all I got here is a t-rex yeah
so that's it for me guys make sure you
go out and skate if you skateboard if
you don't do something fun
but I'm done good bye
is that your first one did you like it
it's terrible
cool cool amazing hey take care of him
alright dude no I mean like kill him
it's mob talk okay don't don't kill
anybody anybody but it's mom you know
like take him out we should've done my
mom mov
