YouTube what is up guys yes you read the
title I did something terrible I feel
super bad about it I'm not like the
worst person in the world or anything
and it wasn't I didn't mean to be mean
but I have a confession to make and it
makes more sense if I explain it later
in this video
so first sorry to get derailed I am
gonna go skateboard I'm gonna try some
came from Kirk grinds with Casey Beckler
he's recently doing them and I have
sucked at him so I'm gonna go do that to
start this blog oh so now and then I
will go home and then I will tell you
guys I will I will confess ok but first
a little more positive note
skateboarding I literally walked in to
Casey trying they came up here
Alex flirting a new trick
JC
perfect
everybody's landing new tricks see this
all right I'm gonna put the camera down
and skateboard myself hopefully somebody
will film me by the time I leave here
and I am back at my house so no one was
able to film me at Shred quarters but I
did have a pretty good session I did a
lot of kickflip grind combos in the box
they haven't really been doing lately
including a kickflip noseslide which I
haven't done in so long and it was
actually a pretty easy when I felt good
about it but no one could fill me so I'm
sorry you couldn't watch it what I will
show you I'm going to feature a video I
did with Brett Novak on his channel it's
a short sighted series you're gonna get
to watch mine and then at the end
whatever I'll just be quiet and let you
watch it here is my short sided over on
Brett Novak's channel although it's
right here on this channel right now
just watch it
me
there you go I hope you enjoyed that we
shot that in January and Hawaii of this
year which is funny because I was just
with Brad in Hawaii of this last weekend
he filmed his short side with Jason but
he does a lot of these short side things
with a lot of really talented scape
words if you know Brett's work is super
talented he's like a Jedi in the skate
videography world any other YouTube
channel so you liked what you saw
go down there and the riding is shooting
a train horn ready boom down everybody
believe me wake up okay but you
seriously need to go down there and
check out Brett know my channel write me
and I'll make is even better go to
Brett's Channel and of course you'd be
subscribed to his channel
first off so make sure you have Jays
channel fine to the short side that he
did with John Hill recently and leave
one comment only on there saying yo
Brent I like your videos okay say yo
Brett I like your videos and you'll be
entered to win the skateboard I'll pick
a winner in like a week but what what
are you doing to me right he's like this
okay what you doing haha
I'm definitely trapped except now I'm
not you can do but yeah like a winner in
a week if you're a younger than 18 make
sure your parents so you're entering
this and then you can win anywhere in
the world I will send the skateboard
anywhere but right now I'm gonna take
this guy and we're gonna go ride his
bike and maybe it will adventure in the
woods and I'll tell you what a terrible
person to before we're doing it get your
shoes on boy hey go you comfortable are
you comfortable you scared my finger
that's for sure
are you ready to ride your bike good
driving why am I in my car gate but
buddy cuz I'm about to be driving sit
down yeah I'm about to drive ask if
we're ready to go what's are we gonna
listen to
nervous breakdown all right
we're here hop out that was a hop coming
right come up here I got a confession to
me right night is something bad okay so
I'm gonna tell you the story the actual
footage of all this is gonna come out
tomorrow I got I was in Hawaii last
weekend like I said and we got to the
skate park Kaneohe skate park and there
was this family bear and his mother
tests the nicest people in the whole
entire world immediately bears a younger
dude and he started giving us these
collages he made which will be in the
videos like I said so tune in tomorrow
they start giving the tea collages he
made and he also gave us all additional
presence beyond that test his mom made
us all food and offered drinks and just
to say thank you they watch our videos
and they love them and it was just one
of the most heartwarming experiences
ever so nice literally some of the
nicest people I've ever met my life so
that I'm sitting there like feeling it
in my heart because like there was the
art and time the bear put into these
collages and that test cooked for us it
was just amazing it was so cool so I
started skating eventually the first
thing I do
the very first trick I try I slip out
and my board shoots across the skate
park and hits tests in the ankle and
splits it open horrible oh I thought
making me feel better get over here I
didn't mean to do that buddy I that my
board shot out she was sitting in the
corner of the skate park my board went
right to her ankle and it hit her really
hard luckily it lit split like I made a
cut like wide but not deep so like she
didn't need stitches or anything and she
actually sent me a picture instead it's
healing up so that many feel million
times better but can you imagine that
they spent time to make us this stuff
cook us food all this stuff and then the
first thing I do is I hit her in the
ankle with my skateboard on accident and
we're and maker start bleeding and she
said was painful and it was I felt like
the worst guy in the whole world I don't
think that was filmed because that was
your like a back 180 out first I wasn't
filming why would you hit someone in the
England they start opening up booty day
dr. Wilson Singh Apple what do the worst
thing ever is if I meant to do it
my child's I don't forgive me it wasn't
accident buddy your wife was out maybe
I'll hit you in the ankle hey you better
if it if it's an accident I would never
I would never be mad at you buddy but
don't mean to do it so I just had to get
this out into YouTube video and say I'm
sorry
Thank You Baron Tass I'll be in the
video tomorrow but I am so so sorry I
felt like the worst person ever hey get
over here where you get your bike out so
the moral that story is I know I'm not a
terrible person at heart but I felt like
the worst person the whole world I did I
felt like a terrible person I just
stepped in gum gosh look at that right
on my shoe we've got a bike it's an
x-wing bike buddy but do you like your
egg swing bike attack this high fighter
gonna but your vibe is oh did you this
out your radar that's pretty cool how do
you feel when you see a TIE fighter
riding no you look sad but then you get
him whoa you're doing it Oh slow down
slow down you know how to stop go
backwards pedal backwards taste up now
get the type Rodgers as you go
you got one don't turn too sharply buddy
that's when you fall over and we forgot
your helmet so we got to be very careful
that's why dad's right next to you all
right
now do it come backwards buddy this is
the first time that we went exploring
the woods together all right watch out
for sticker bushes buddy
see if there's any there maybe can find
a box turtle buddy
I sign box shows all the time another
little guy I'll be honest these woods
could be way bigger watch it watch your
step buddy you all right yeah I know hey
buddy we don't want to walk we're a
bunch of leaves art I think I just saw a
triceratops buddy I think I saw her I
see her I was over there
iodine hold on hey we got a sick try to
make though wow that was the most
profound all the dinosaurs are extinct
we got to figure out how to make them
you've been not watching Jurassic Park I
don't know where you got it from but I
was pretty amazing right I think we're
running out of room we go back to web
games this is like the most boring woods
adventure for you guys to watch it was
fun for us yeah I hope it was fun for
YouTube someone really hit that golf
ball ready karate chop all right I
chopped the way to victory I'm glad you
liked it we should go adventuring more
up we're back to the world
say hi world
we're home aren't we hey hold on I
forgot to give you a present from bear
and test remember the lady that I hit
with my skateboard her son bear had a
present for you
hold on is that not the coolest car you
have haha that's awesome
yeah you have enough toys but this is
very nice of them and I I completely
approve of you having this car buddy
thank you baby
yeah I feel an IV all right but that's
it guys um I hope you guys dug the
little vlog so today like I said tune in
tomorrow for that video and then make
sure you go enter for Bret's giveaway
thing and that's it all the information
for that will be right down there I do
daily videos so hit the subscribe button
if you want to see more from me and I'll
see you tomorrow I want to say any other
words other than sit over the
air-conditioning vent your face feels
like you were just on the air
conditioning vent anything you want to
say to you
hmm - but that is a cat's butt and it's
absolutely kiss but don't scare the cat
or its butt
yeah we've been here we snow skated here
remember you suddenly realize that it
was it terribly cold and started crying
so we went home what may be a kind of
chemical called in my few kind capital
warm and hot so you like cold warm and
hot yeah yeah that pretty much covers
all of them
