that didn't feel good
that's just spoiler assignments spoiler
cuz I have it in the past it's the it's
the past what's the past tense of
spoiled spelt I just felt that for you
yeah I totally did not feel good like
getting hit in the face it never feels
good in fact if it feels good you have
something wrong with you and I don't
mean that bad way me I'm not trying to
insult you but yeah there's something
wrong with you you like getting in the
face that's just that's a thing that is
a thing I've had this fall on my
computer for a little while I knew I was
gonna do a video I mean I watched it and
it made me think of something that heard
the skate park earlier that day if some
dude hit his face like very lightly it
wasn't it wasn't like a bad thing the
kid guy was fine he walked away and
continued to eat Chipotle burrito golden
Chipotle burritos he was feeling that
amazing alright and some other liked it
like dad or something there was like
yeah but you wish you were wearing a
helmet I was like I just kind of like
looked around like what how would a
helmet help your face are you wearing it
like this cuz this is the only way a
helmet would protect your face in fact
is one of those things
I'm not saying how much they're bad like
for sure if you were a helmet that's
awesome if you wear a helmet it's smart
to protect yourself I back it completely
but that said think about what a helmet
does I see people like fall or like come
home with a scratched arm or leg yeah
you need to be wearing a helmet it's
like yeah I would have loved to wear a
helmet on my wrist that would have
helped me out so much right there it's
just a weird concept I feel like with
helmets there's this thing that everyone
thinks is like a heel all okay you wear
a helmet you are indestructible
Josh cats got his teeth knocked out
because he wasn't wearing a face helmet
maybe we need to start skating in ski
masks like really durable ski masks I
don't know but on the bright side
getting hit the face is not that common
I'm not sure if I've ever been hit in
the face I got hit right here one time
maybe what helmet would have worked I
don't even know either way it sucks okay
you never see it coming
it's one of those things you're always
fear you're like what I always say it in
these videos like it's last thing that
one to happen is gay
sacked or hit the face especially your
teeth dude that skateboard better not
come for my teeth I will punch the
skateboard back alright I'm not a
violent person but my skateboard has
another thing coming if I get hit the
teeth it really does on the bright side
since you don't see this coming when it
happens it's sort of like it surprised
you doesn't hurt you just like kind of
like oh my gosh oh I just got hit in the
face okay
I'm gonna have a bump on my face
momentarily and it's gonna start hurting
but right now I'm fine I think
oh no I'm not there it is it's the only
pro to getting hit in the face like
99.5% of the rest of it is a con okay
she's not fun
so I'm sorry knowledge that sucked you
had to go through this that being said
you know just walked away like a champ
dude like he just held his head walked
away it's like he was walking away from
an explosion at movies like nah dude I'm
good I'm good I don't know actually i
couldnt really see his facial
expressions that well that's why how I
like to imagine his face was calm he
just had his head on his forehead
honestly it kind of look like you forgot
something it's like that moment where
you of realization that you forgot to
lock your house oh dude my front doors
unlock oh dude I forgot my charger any
realization you can just put with that
walk he does a very excellent realizing
walk that's a new thing
I'm gonna get me to go then realizing
what also did you see how fast his
friend ran up like I'm sure he was
filming the whole clip snapchatting and
her something but dude he was on you
know I was like immediately this dude
should be a reporter if I got hit in the
face and was bummed about it I probably
wouldn't want to be talking to a camera
immediately but this dude is on it dude
this guy send this guy somewhere and
have him report on it I don't know what
I'm freaking it would be an absolute
crime if I did not edit a video game in
there because you see how he now is just
head whipped back okay thank you I mean
he did get uppercut they got ever headed
by a freaking skateboard dude you're
getting bumper cutted by like Ryu or
something that's happening cue the video
game time
I love that I know if you ever get tired
of editing video games into Falls it's
like the greatest in the world you can
make like a montage of all the times
I've done that but there you go
I've been friends with him online for a
long time now and I just been watching
him he's this passion skateboarder he's
from Philly
and he's always always always skating
and posting stuff and he's one of the
only people that I'm friends with on
Facebook that doesn't just post like the
worst stuff over and over again he
actually post good happy stuff sometimes
so it now much thank you but you guys
check out more skating of him I'm gonna
post it right here enjoy
there you go that was a Nagy actually
landing tricks not getting in the face
or walking away from the metaphorical
fire I really don't know what I'm in
fact most of time gonna cross the red
button on my camera I don't know what
I'm not to say but I hope you guys like
that yeah that was the knife
skateboarding I'll put his Instagram in
the info if you want to check him out
and follow him online
this was fall Friday I do these about
every two weeks and I have a periphery
I'm gonna put a warning before I show
the fall in case you guys are squirmish
but I'm not gonna talk anymore about
that I'm gonna go I'm about to do the
hot seat but if you want to see more for
me I click the subscribe button I do
videos every freakin day all right so
this is Drive button and I will see you
guys tomorrow but right now we are doing
the hot seat and if you been watching
for Friday you know what that is already
if not uh experience and I'm gonna go
get will get Casey Becker
have a seat Casey yeah how are you doing
I'm good tell the camera how you feeling
today sort from what trying crippled
grips oh okay you are sitting inside
your crush's room alone with her and she
wants to kiss you what do you do inside
that room walk out of it
let's see if we can fix this to Brian's
head see if this work I really hope this
works
no no don't you dare cry names look at
that look at that
bride ain't wearing a helmet no we can't
have this I'm gonna throw hat at him but
hey at least his head is protected he's
good he's safe
you
