and in downtown New York City we have
time oz with a hardflip and he failed
redemption in New York City he fells
place is delicious
and I'm going to Hawaii like we could
happen I cannot wait to actually have
okay there but for now pokemons go no
come on
we are Venice Beach it's beautiful and I
don't have feet anymore because they
Daleks got some party Red Dawn Instagram
I have a video game channel too I guess
but I mean I don't really I'm not gonna
time for that because I'm
I'm gonna be training to be a fireman
that's the ball like
this is crazy
come on
yeah shaggy and if you're wondering what
skateboarding is this is it
that was literally best case scenario
that looks like you could actually like
roll away now cuz your wheels would be
moving
you have five seconds to a half-cup flip
now was it
hey Sam remember that one time that bird
looked like the the dude in Despicable
Me that's him there he is and then there
that bird looks like you
you're - what is up guys you might be
wondering why I'm just sitting next to a
fridge and that's because where I didn't
wanted two oranges which I think he's
already given up you need you did not
eat any of that buddy you may cut off
the appeals I can do that but he was
like I was like go to the table when he
was like I want to eat right here on
Nene which is a blanket so that's why
we're here but no that was an assortment
of random clips off my cell phone and
snapchat I don't know how long this
video was but I was think about the
other day and I was like there are so
many random clips my cell phone that I
have not posted the Hollywood session
was insane it was ridiculous I hope you
guys enjoyed all of the the randomness
that just happened I'll always start
saving up more clips to do another one
so tune in either way I do videos every
single day so if you want to see more
for me hit the subscribe button and I'll
see you tomorrow
and I guess I'm gonna go and cut some
oranges up don't bite me no eating me
okay I'm gonna cut the oranges for you
wow that was adorable we just actually
we just said that the same time like
three times twice I don't know I love
you say bye really no monster sound
there's my son
