well here's how clean the hotel room is
right now and there's writin it is 6
a.m. and we have to go shoot a
commercial for deaf men plus care in 45
minutes and it should be a very long day
by the end of it I'm going to be a hurt
zombie okay let's put it that way you
fell asleep before dinner last night
ah so you're eating the only things we
have we need to get him to breakfast
ASAP because caramel corn is not it's
not practice buddy and why are you
stopping that eat the pretzels okay but
let's start this day he had a change of
heart I hope with that is it tasty
don't don't eat over the open peg you
try to eat over my arm your goof hey we
kind of straightened up right okay I
think it's go time we're gonna leave the
hotel room good by kylo Ren goodbye
strong super fulfillment commercial good
right in wanted mom be in the back I
haven't got to ride back there with you
yeah buddy how am I gonna get to yeah
okay good
no there's the Sun I found it Dean he's
gonna snow today ridin yeah this is the
greatest thing ever got an egg and
avocado sandwich
I've never had it my face might be so
happy breakfast time
it was delicious I finished mine I'm
really excited to be doing this
commercial with dumb men Plus care a big
reason why I was started working with
them is because it was such a
family-oriented thing everyone in with
this production is super super
down-to-earth nice and it was just a
really good vibe and I'm really happy
and honored that they picked me to do
this that's what I'm doing I'm here the
first shot is I rounded up a soccer shot
um and a lot of these shots they have
been wearing not red shirts and I got
this crazy cutaway thing that'll be
really funny to show you I look so dumb
in it but I have to keep my red shirt on
because I've been doing it for 18 years
so I wouldn't let a commercial break
that of me you need to preserve your
energy you're gonna pass out by like
noon there's quiz yeah okay well how'd
you he's like five names would you
introduce yourself as I could Holden oh
okay
I usually tell people you have two toys
like oh man I got done from that clip
wardrobe came over to me and was like
hey put this on so I'm getting my weird
red shirt this is how dumped I look but
I got to do what I got to do there guys
go this is weird to see me - blue shirt
right but red shirt I got it it's in
there see oh that food is just way too
good
we had the avocado egg sandwich I'm
writing that now you should be
absolutely sure you that night there's
Doug's face Hey Doug's hair not blue
number my shirts blue though that's
weird you've ever wondered what I look
like a soccer star football player
company go get a makeup on which is like
absolute nothing it sounds indifferent
to you guys but it's like literally like
just dabbing things on my face for a
second and then I'm good
hi buddy I love you our enemies dude
we're once adversaries Nicoli is quizzes
are my goalie or you're going keep it
going
guess what I'm dealing with all day hey
torn okay I know after octopus but we
want Andy to be able to head be careful
Safety's always number one fall is one
two three this is what I'm looking at
guys
Oh grass ride you should have a helmet
if you're messing around with this
high-five all right you're done you know
I know that's my point buddy no black
red red no back all right get over there
see it Oh
everyone has sunglass except me get one
in your blinkin messed up didn't it I
can sit in the back right and so I'm
psyched all right where are the next
place and this pool is beautiful isn't
it
egg cold water it's cold it has a heater
oh dude this is an awesome pool I like
it you stay away from it the okay buddy
yeah there's a kitty yeah guys no no way
look here it doesn't look like bagel
there are fish out there we should do
this to our house yeah we could
potentially could we have a big wall of
window not like this big butt Yanks
every live in okay I just realize how
crazy my hair you gotta have the product
I used this this morning I'll be this
gold skull dude I like it he'd be taking
a bath and you'd be like oh hey Devon oh
hey Charlie do it well you got to scoop
it buddy gotta be like wall instead of
Wham
Bobby Bobby not have to pay the little
big way more uncomfortable than they are
they're actually really can you have one
vote
dessert yeah you uh well eat your finish
your mashed potatoes which are the best
mashed potatoes I've ever put inside my
face they're so good this is me in a
blue shirt this is the only time you're
gonna see it probably the red is in
there underneath right here's his
glasses
Patriot this has made me super confident
in my back strength when I first went on
are like I'm going to be to just dead
sore and do a little like a man over and
yes you just let's put a and ah my gosh
here we go
just me or does Britney look like she's
from The Stepford Wives you look good
though babe you really do just don't
murder me
and there's Doug this is the jump from a
book post non-acting thing I've never
done in my life I was super painful
thanks buddy you're gonna go outside all
right just call Evan a while you know
don't don't get in the weird car and be
responsible hey all right later buddy
and you try to take it away whew
Wow then going on to this part of the
day let me just clean it up okay
action good but unlisted right put your
fingers
there you guys go that was behind the
scenes of the commercial I did with dove
men plus care my little guy was in it
too it was giving me a hat of a blanket
but yeah I've always had a dream of
acting or doing commercial work of some
sort my entire life and then when I had
the chance to team up with dub Mentalist
care I jumped at it not just because I
wanted to do a commercial I love the
company image they really like to
portray like a family man family
oriented dude and that is exactly what I
like to see you know like you mean you
guys see me here on YouTube all time I
love him a little guy father-son
relationships all in parents child
relationships are important to me so um
like so I was super happy to team up
with them the whole experience was
amazing it was so awesome shooting the
whole commercial it was a grueling 17
hour workday I hope you guys got a good
idea of it we didn't have like ton of
help doing the background stuff I had
Doug with me who just kind of filmed it
all but like what I'm not able to talk
to the camera and stuff it gets tough so
I hope you guys enjoyed the beside the
scenes footage you throwing yeah yeah if
you want to see the actual commercial it
is at the end of this video and right
down there in the info click the link
check it out I just want to say thank
you to the entire production like I said
it was a really long workday and
everyone was super cool really nice
people and they rocked it what they did
and then I'd like to thank dove men plus
care of course because if I never teamed
up with them this wouldn't happen lastly
I want to thank my little guy and my
wife my family they were part of it
which was a huge huge thing to me I
loved that they could be in it with me
and turned out really fun so I am teamed
up with men plus care so I'll probably
do a little bit here and there but them
in the future but hope you guys dug the
video check out the commercial for sure
you might actually see it online here in
front of some stuff I don't know but
that is it we're gonna go and I do do
the videos so I will see you tomorrow
hit the subscribe button if you want to
see more from me ridin your last words
before you saying goodbye to the YouTube
high Vista book and I'm gonna I leave
you're gonna resent me oh my cool
alright well mommy that's how many that
is a lot check you bye bye guys how let
me do know that was nice yeah
there's page there's a tickle
you
