we are here in Hawaii about to go to a
secret jungle skate spot do you think as
an accurate representation of this okay
right yes
hey is anyone gonna talk Brett say yes
Sam what's up I'm like no one is
cooperating with this video they're even
not letting me get my skateboard out of
the trunk before we depart I don't even
know why I'm getting it because I am
insanely sore from yesterday's skating
I'm not gonna be skating I just should
be feeling everybody else
there was a snail over there a huge
snail and someone ran it over I went
around it I want to go check but I don't
want to see like a big smash snail it
was like this big don't lie to me you
can see it that's it I know that I know
that's a car you wouldn't say that this
spot is a secret jungle skate spot right
Brett watch wrinkles I literally could
get nobody didn't even say yes Documenta
come here so it is a secret little bit
of a secret and it's a little jungle ish
around it right
so exactly yeah every time I go to this
spot though I feel like I'm in lost on
the floor
I'm going to start a YouTube channel
then I just walked the earth and it's
like first-person how do you mean I'm
sure there's a bunch of channels that
already do that
first-person life we have changed is
great oh you didn't see it because
there's I just ran to a tree like I know
gosh
look at it would you just look at this
spot alright I really don't want to do
this but I'm gonna do it
oh my gosh what up the reason why I do
want to do that is because if I fell I
don't know how I would have survived I
am so sore I'm pretty sure you just lost
75 cents if you think that was a trick
go down there and tell us in the comment
oh my gosh what there he goes
so I can switch from possible how's the
first rookie tried pretty sure my nails
were good dude really nail gun I was in
Christians way but he made happen you
have a skateboard man
congratulations you're doing okay chip
back it's quickly becoming the MVS most
valuable skateboarder get that get that
come on you getting tricky
Wow
I've ever phoned you it's kind of hard
to know what Brett Novak is doing at the
time or if I've ever seen it before
because I don't understand 90% of stuff
he does this is Hawaii one second it's
super sunny the next thing you think
it's going to rain and even if it does
rain it'll probably be dry within
another ten minutes I'll read a
repulsive Oh
Megatron
is my dude
Goodfellow for like 40 minutes and my
legs are about to fall off my legs
these hurts is what I'm trying to say
what do you think about that time losses
channel how you guys doing
I just pen time on this YouTube channel
Oh was it that was better than
moderately good
I want it was mine you fought oh it's
sinking dude dude I saw it sink man I
don't know you might find out you might
want to take your shirt off and just
reach your hand Jason how deep is this
you might have just lost your skate bag
deep that's a good idea
did you gave us just right there yeah we
can't give away the ending is the ending
all right ah it started raining take
cover
in a split second it starts pouring that
you guys watching I do day the videos so
I will see you tomorrow hit the
subscribe button if you want to see me
tomorrow and that's it guys have a good
day go skateboard it's not raining
outside bye YouTube yeah says Safari
Jack Thai
did you know this is not good for
anything on your skateboard this is
probably more damage than it's ever
going to get my regular skating anyway
this is more damaging and you skating it
hey you got a nice you killed it though
even before that disaster killed it
yes you did it head too
