I am going to punch the rain I was
supposed to edit this video that I'm
working on right now and then I was
gonna skate here a little bit and go try
a trick for my video part revive second
full-length video take over the world I
was gonna film trick for that and it
started Horning it was bright and sunny
and then it was boring that is
Cincinnati if it snows in five seconds
I'm not gonna give you that surprise oh
my gosh but I'm gonna do longer so I'm
gonna let you guys hang out with me
today I've got to do some work on this
computer and then clean this office and
then I'm gonna worry about other stuff
I'm gonna fill in the gaps because I was
supposed to go Street skate but now I'm
not I'm sorry guys oh and I do have
something really cool it's happening
later on tonight when I go home and get
my little guy we're gonna go out I think
I'm gonna try to buy an electric guitar
I know a while back I said I was gonna
buy an acoustic guitar I still want to
do that but I really want to buy an
electric guitar it's been a long time
and I think I'm gonna start jamming with
some of the dudes here at where else so
you get to help me do that but for now
I'm gonna do what I just said cool
you're coming down harder like rubbing
it in I came raining hey I'm still here
it is finally
exporting okay you know what that one
time I was like I'm gonna clean my
office and then skate yeah that's not
gonna happen because that took way too
long especially it's only like an
eight-minute video it took me so long to
edit now we're doing an unboxing my dude
hat of Play Factory actually it says
from play factory but I know the dude
who runs it
that's an awesome guy they sent me this
and I have no idea what is in it I have
no idea so we're gonna open it and we're
gonna open it or not so if you don't
know what play Factory is play Factory
is an Instagram account Instagram skate
magazine if you may that do probably the
funniest skate quick edits on on the
internet I would agree it's weird to
think of like Instagram and social
medias like that are just on your phone
at the Internet not anymore
three years ago yes yeah well whatever
you know I'm saying so uh open Wainright
no idea possibly I do I told him I was I
do don't I thanked him only thank you
for saying me this I was like I don't
know what's in it and I'm gonna do it on
my I need and I think he said I'm
sorry I would have made it more exciting
if I'd have known you're gonna make a
video there's no like knows it is one of
them it is one of them they're gloom
cube stickers on the thing Andy brine
Sam canes etc was up boys and beanie yo
here's a little present for y'all it's
called balloon cube they sent us a bunch
and I thought you guys might want to
play with some they are all single LED
lights waterproof and turn off the
lights at the shirt quarters give them a
try thanks Andy for the anchor Chargers
I use my daily peace love bacon plungers
and dolphins Pat hit play victory Oh are
there multiple in there I think there
might be multiple I'm trying it I really
do tonight good night
uh I can punch here hold it up no no I'm
trying to get the note off here without
ripping it
I don't think Pat cares if you rip is
now don't try to be nice to the note I
can get it I knew it you got it I don't
know what a loon cube is so this is oh
I'll do do a video on this but these are
very very bright lights there's D -
looks like - okay very bright and you
just set them and they light up spots
they light up whatever you're doing so
he's taking on now blind you know idea
oh I mean oh my gosh while I was looking
directly into it wait wow how do you
turn it off oh it's bright as super
bright the left button okay you hold it
down yeah look it here it is bright
bright yeah I can't wait to mess with
these
or you turn up the brightness that was
even the bro oh my gosh that's I can't
look at that I cannot look at that I
turn it off somehow
kyndra my head see oh my gosh yeah hey
here's this vlogger said we're just
blind ourselves oh you got them off good
felt like I just stared
I'm your heart ten Suns I don't even
have to put them on there understand so
Pat thank you very much for the stickers
them for the loom cube we will
definitely definitely make a video out
of this maybe that'll be one of my next
vlog histones in the next a week or 2 e
that's really really cool thank you
you're the best
but let's go actually use real
skateboarding I'm I'm gonna do that
Brian just got on a random phone call I
was like I'm gonna go skate you can join
up whatever what are you working on
if you do it first try I'll give you a
high five was it bad Thomas cow here to
banner was just starting to skate I
thought I was gonna be the only one
skating hey hey look at that hair still
no no no I don't I don't want I'm gonna
just wanna that's what I want that is
what I want
alex is the mix hi oh how was your ankle
doing well right now
how are your shorts fading ha ha are my
fall that was like like that look take a
trick in itself like alright he's
skating and he's going to bed that's my
dude yeah good job you camera apparently
Brian aim is for active involvement the
last couple days it's like hurting more
today yoga probably idea
Alex you said I look like a dead body
you get felt like that
you stupid idiot
that was an interesting role away God
forbid I do like one trick good thing I
have to do two tricks that are in that
last one was super and I did do two in a
row yes you take the glue did
Thomasson heat that hurt Thomas player
filming well go do yoga for four hours
oh my gosh okay so I got to go the
babysitter is almost off-duty so I got
to go grab the little guy for the rest
of the night congratulations he's been
over here nollie heeling the set like he
doing two or three times so far yeah I'm
trying to better he's trying to smooth
it up you got man and it's sunny in
perfect outside of course it dries up
immediately what I have to go home so I
will totally land that three foot notice
I'd smoother one day it'll probably be
in a random vlog of sowed like this or
maybe I'll do it for a where else
Wednesday I'm not sure right now is too
home I got a shower and then Ryan and I
are going to hang out but we're gonna go
get that guitar like I talked about
hopefully
okay so I got home and I got cleaned up
right in is playing with his death star
which you if you guys watch that video
is it's a really cool Lego set the best
like I've set ever but I didn't actually
give it to him because is way too big of
a gift but we just did that video
yesterday while I'm filming this and
I'll let Rutan and I'm letting read and
play with it for a day or two right yeah
what uh actually I want to go get a
guitar hmm I want to go buy electric
guitar yeah I do
come on let's go save I just her hey
right Nura that one time you were
wearing red and plaid shorts and then I
was like I was like hey I'm gonna do the
same exact thing what color guitar do
you think I might ride yet um you'll pay
the cola way yep I was think about
getting an orange one I don't want to
foggy no no yeah oh my gosh I need gas
oh my gosh I'm getting gas
maybe in a monster again all right we
are at the mall and Bryden is barely
awake ridin wave ridin sing the pokemon
theme song if we're gonna go in here and
hopefully get a guitar and then I'm
gonna need to amp and I'm going to need
a guitar case and I'm gonna bet I'm
gonna feel minimal shots in there cuz
I'm just gonna do my cell phone and I
feel like a weirdo and just with my son
if he was by myself I probably might
have my son I'm like what was that we
got talking to a camera with his son it
is just kinda weird so let's go
and we're back I picked this one up it
was they go on sale for 300 bucks that's
good enough for me to start playing
again and then that amp right there was
so heavy like I'm sweating just from the
wall from the mall to the door partly
because it's like 94 degrees outside my
one arms feels like it's gonna fall off
are you ready to go home and get some
Dindin
there we go but before we play with this
it is dinner time come in here buddy we
got food and that's what I'm making
pretty good you want a spicy vegetable
no okay heck yeah we are amp okay so I
just found out that this is an acoustic
amp it says in small writing on the back
of it and this is what I get for not
testing a product and then really the
sales people should have told me a
you're buying an acoustic amp with left
guitar dummy so I'll take this back but
for now it's gonna sound really clean
like you know
I'm gonna play a song and if you if you
tell me what it is you could have a
whole cake right now okay you know what
it is it's the trooper barman you missed
out on a cake
he said I'm now stood too long here
goodbye she said a little for you hey
okay there you go I am insanely rusty
don't judge me too much be more judge
the employees that didn't point out that
I was an idiot because they definitely
knew better but you know what I'm not
afraid to make myself look like a dummy
online part of being human
and Pichu did a flip but thank you watch
the video hope you guys enjoyed it those
skating was fun the guitar was pretty
much a failure but I'll get there I
promise and then of course hanging out
with this guy is the best thing ever but
I'm gonna hang out with this guy for the
rest of the night and I'm gonna let you
guys go so uh that's it you gonna say
anything to youtube that's good okay
we're gonna pose a Lego Death Star these
guys thank for watching
I'm not anyone on the clock you don't
see anybody what do you mean all these
great open stores that are in business
this is a really busy mall right no it's
not yeah buddy I see a ton of people
right right inside this this room buying
a bunch of things
