YouTube what is up guys it is the
day-in-the-life 49 I'm getting an early
start today because it's going to be a
very busy day and it's raining which is
not good at all it's not a good starting
today because a good portion of it is
supposed to be outside I promise Ryan
chambers that we would go to Kings
Island randomly instead of working so
I'm skipping work to go ride roller
coasters pretty much buy a lot of stuff
to do before that happens so if it
clears up in the meantime the first
thing it's first and that's coffee and a
breakfast and --which which is exactly
what I need right now there wow that was
weird
I like pointed of that guy Neil I quit
like that right away he was like dude
you got me you found me I was like yeah
you're in your car and if you didn't
notice restart this video and just watch
how many times I just pointed at the
camera it was ridiculous I just feel
like this the whole time when I was
talking to you guys pretty sure a bunch
of parents say that pointings bad or I'm
tired
I'm a destroyed quarters aka my work and
one thing I do this morning is give
Brian Ames a birthday present hold on
it's not his birthday brand names
actually hates his birthday will you
stop what you're doing windshield wipers
yeah he actually hates his birthday so I
avoid it so when it's his birthday I
just really Brian your dummy I say
something like that he's like thank you
anything I don't say happy birthday and
I'm giving you his birthday present not
on his birthday so don't go tell happy
birthday but I'm gonna do that right now
it took way too much explaining who is
this weirdo that is weed eating right
now I'm older more hey you know HUDs not
your birthday it's not here at this free
amazing house a first edition it's like
a first edition or something and then
open it up sign too probably
yeah it's good Sam Tom - Tom in 1988
thank you this is pretty amazing be cool
here collection I didn't know that it
was gonna wrap tin like a library thing
I think books came like this back then I
think that's just one of the things that
you're just you're thinking in your head
you're like this sounds like a good
thing to say
pretty much yeah I honestly have no idea
all right so not had birthday thank you
okay so I have a meeting with my lawyer
at 10 o'clock today we got to leave
about 9:45 I got to clean this off as
I've got to pay bills I've got to put a
skateboard together and put a little
package together up like emergency stuff
for Hawaii because my wheels get weird
or something or like bearings I just
need some stuff so I need to get that
all organized something you're the
warehouse right now and just say hi to
people and then get on that here's a
door oh hi
wait okay so I got my office clean ish
and that's good enough for me now but
look at the weather and it totally looks
like it's not going to clear up which
sucks because this is the last possible
day that we could go to Kings Island the
amusement park if all else fails I think
I'm gonna take the dudes out and do
something that's not work as long as all
the orders are out for the day fingers
crossed for that I'm gonna continue
working and get my stuff done take my
money people that sold me in my house
one bill done so bills done
I'm leaving for Hawaii tomorrow early in
the morning so I kind of want to sit
down real fast and go over all the stuff
make sure I got my minivan make sure my
hotel rooms are in place because I got
some for me and some dudes and then for
Christian and time awesome the only
really business thing I got to do today
other than my lawyer meeting is that I
have to go over some force graphics with
JP and Brian and that's in five minutes
so I better do as fast
oh and he's filming this conversation
right JP what's up dude you're on
YouTube and you're you in your PI tire
cuz it's 9:00 a.m. it's what medium for
hands is any oh wow that's sucks to be
JP but at the same time JP is cool no to
bed at 3:00 and he's having an 8:00 a.m.
meeting so he's happy are you gonna pass
out after this oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
all the caterpillars dude the catacombs
yeah you do a catacomb like just like a
wall of skulls yeah like a walls
channel your inner creepiness when it
comes to that have fun in Hawaii thanks
dude all right yeah have fun sleeping
we'll talk to you later
living the life today it is day in life
here got coffee at it dude
and if it didn't leave I got to do wacky
things I understand that alex is gonna
be so bummed if you don't clean that up
let's let's hear it from wacky Bruce you
ain't in the movie name the movie hold
on did you know that
honest I was kind of thinking in my head
that Bry names he's gonna try to catch
the coffee but that happened instead so
whatever there was like this much left
of the coffee it wasn't much so socially
wasted it I'm a horrible guy Oh put the
grip tape on the wrong way getting a
sticker I'm leaking a sticker right here
oh my gosh that was a disturbing dude
gosh get away from me lawyer time let's
go
rain sucks I'm not sure that king's ells
gonna happen
how it's gonna happen for you downtown
here we are all right lawyers I'm I'm
not bringing you guys with me but I'll
be back for their lawyer time done I
hope you guys like McDonald's because
they they know of us yeah I thought you
were saying some for real and then you
said that and I was like oh left lane
right lane why not both okay so I'm
pretty sure we're not gonna go to King's
Own because the rain is relentless
there's actually flooding all over the
place but I'm gonna eat some soup I'm
gonna watch Gotham that's the show I'm
currently watching and then I'm gonna
get the dudes we're probably to go up to
this like arcade type place and the
workday and then pro of this is that I
don't drive across the whole city to get
to in music part and I'll have more time
to prep for Hawaii here and probably do
a little bit of company stuff so it's
gonna be a fun day I'm gonna make it
happen
but right now soup going in there are
Jim Jim Gordon okay lunch was done to
this fantastic Brian is not in his
office so I like to just come in every
once in a while just shake things up a
bit look see here's his water that
tastes horrible just put it right there
in the plant and also Sam Tabor just
pulled in so another one my favorite
pastimes is jumping down and scaring Sam
Taber so I'm totally gonna do that
hey you are didn't scare you yeah cuz
the tree we're going to Hawaii tomorrow
hi-5 friend that was what is with people
go in we're leaving
well we're having fun of the arcade
Sabres gonna be doing this you're right
for you guys so for this to be really
skipping work we have to make Brian Ames
think we're actually staying hey Brian
um that place where try and go to is
actually closed so we're actually
staying here I don't know where you are
else I'm calling you but if you need me
I'll be in my office many guys were
going to where else also I think the
babysitter's taking right here so it's
about to be that much better for me this
could be amazing skipping work to hang
on my kid oh right scum I wasn't
listening
we're here this is called scene 75 in
Milford Ohio and it's basically like a
big arcade festival time I love the call
will be the winner
it says it's an entertainment center I'm
on the GoPro right now because I don't
want to lug my DSLR
alright so ridings here and he has no
idea we're here so he's gonna walk in
and I'm gonna be here now I'm gonna film
it it's gonna be adorable
oh hey buddy he went straight to the
camera they supposed to hug me yeah yeah
I love you you know I was gonna be here
yeah I know a surprise yeah
uncle bun yeah
Wow
you
I know
so did you in a ball okay all of my hard
work went to this Pizza pillow provided
eating it I love you but I go to work
I'll see you back in the house okay love
you all right
that was fun but we go back to shred
quarters I'm gonna do some skateboarding
and I got some business stuff to do
company stuff whatever you want to call
it but I would like to point out that
Casey wants some dice I'm cookie and
cookie not a cookie but an cookie oh my
god we got and just wearing multiple
tank tops was her thing all right well
that was fun we never ever do that we
needed to stay here day and day and day
and day and date so that was nice change
pace so how was work Brent it was good
good how was what ever think you did fun
good all right so I just got to get a
video ready to go up this warehouse
Wednesday goes up at 4 o'clock today
when I go skateboard before I leave work
what you got going Thomas other than a
hat that was in my dad's car in 1994
first try
Wow it was beginning first try okay dude
you got that three-foot first drive safe
I have been doing a lot of switch front
noses lately and I've been sucking at
them which does make sense I've been
doing a lot of them I should be better
at it when I'm out so I'm gonna start
with some front
Oh
thanks JC oh my gosh I felt so weird
skating but at least I did I try to
skate every single day here
ridin home hey well I'm kind of see
buddy how was your day oh you say it
seen ten or five a long time yeah that's
fun
good no I got cleaned up and I did some
promoting a video that just went live
which is the where else Wednesday this
week if you didn't see the where else
Wednesday this week make sure you go
back and watch it it's really really
good but I'm going to put my shoes on
I'm gonna get right in and we're gonna
go to Target I gotta buy some things
before I pack up and leave tomorrow
morning
hi all right doing and I'll probably
grab dinner while I'm out too you said
your room was clean there's a there's
literally a lien right in the middle of
floor right there right
why is it a lien here it was there a
neutral fight going on over here Bratton
has been all about the og girls the ones
that I grew up watching awesome all
right so you ready to go target buddy
let's do this and then we sold on a
Brussels sprouts so I just quit the job
boom we have arrived at Target boom we
are leaving targets for Grandma painted
a tornado on her butt cheek we are at
Panera all right ridin back in the car
we got our Panera ride and totally got a
super-tight of steak and we're gone
we're going back home that was totally
not exciting cause you ain't getting to
go into target or Panera but nothing
that awesome happened I promise
let's go he got punched by a
four-year-old golfer
we got soup we got fruit we got bread
yogurt and we got right you don't I do
and I got this salad dinner's over
we're playing clue that might sound
weird to play the four-year-old but I
kind of talked them through it we
mutually try to uh figure it out but
there's still the winner between the two
of us some scarlet plum and peacocks so
you're gonna pick one of these on a
muffin and again path with gentle Bobo I
think it is Colonel Mustard in the
observatory with the pistol can you show
me any of those
he's got the observatory are you gonna
try to win
I think it's ha and total mustard with
that pistol Colonel Mustard the pistol
the hall good job you win that is the
first time he's made it their first in
one
all right what do we got going on here
idiot the whole city is on fire okay
wait wait are you do whoa you did it
how is that fun fall there like that it
was like that did the alien do it he
overshot it
so this is what I've been doing for the
last little while and my wife got home
but now she's going back out because
she's busy versus the world she has go
to grocery good buy it
what are you doing I am about to end
this video and call tonight for you guys
but before I do that I have an unboxing
to do right in would you like to bring
the box into the picture dun dun dun dun
this is from Robert brink you guys might
know him from hosting the weekend buzz
over the ride channel or you just known
him from all the awesome stuff he's done
in the skateboard industry for a long
time now super nice dude I've known him
for a while I always keep in touch here
and there and he was nice enough to send
me stuff from his new project he's
working on
there we go okay dun dun dun dun filming
a block alright we got a box guys in a
box we got a box in a box oh yeah he
started making candles this is the
hundred acre is this candle gay wait I
don't know one got a gig wow this smells
fantastic already life I think it's also
good smell when it smells very baby if
you get one visa I'm Phi 1 or I'm gonna
party oh you better give it to your mom
it's not so good or you dad oh look at
yourself wow you should do commercials I
was amazing oh you've done commercial
yeah so he puts pages from books as the
top and they light it and it goes down
super nice presentation I don't actually
know what flavor this is I think it's
grapefruit is that grapefruit what Oh
LT heck yeah 100-acre little notepad and
stuff we got more candles ridin oh my
gosh this is coffee I want all of these
this is a coffee scented candle you
don't like it smell coffee have you like
the smell coffee this is the greatest
thing in the entire world so it's got a
little hundred that your sticker on it
nice super nice presentation I like the
colors and whatnot Baba
and our third candle is I don't know
what this is it smells good though
Brahman humph these women it's because
it's coffee so don't listen to the four
year old coffee smells wonderful and if
you guys are interested in candles you
know I know a lot of different age
groups male/female watch my videos if
you're inserting this I'll put a link to
the website rat down there
Thank You Rob brink you are the best in
fact I'll probably go on and order
myself some more because my wife loves
candles and we always need more all
right but that's it I hope you guys like
this day in the life I'm sorry it didn't
go as planned I will get to the music
park one day but now it's gonna be in
the spring because this is the last week
it was open so I'll be doing videos
every single day in the meantime be like
what you saw hit the subscribe button
Manuel I will see you tomorrow ridin you
want to play Majan arey I'm gonna act
like I have a lightsaber and I go like
that and then you jump backwards in the
couch okay like you're a strong that was
good gay vibe
hey we should reenact Star Wars again
okay I'm gonna have my lightsaber ready
