that wasn't that was that was a snack
last night now it's breakfast dude right
there breakfast is good i ordered it and
then I I put a nice to casey's door so
the people that because it's weird to
put it on the floor mmm I feel weird but
that's what you're supposed to do but I
put in X acacias so they think he did it
nice yeah so he goes good breakfast
though the camera setup could be a
little better in here I rented a car in
Ohio recently and it was the best like
your camera's not going anywhere good my
car's pretty good to let there be engine
let there be a camera that falls in
about five second this another revenge
the freestylers never need new
skateboard need that truck that's from
like two years ago how does it taste
tonight uh I wouldn't take the petty
yeah when I drink soda I was a coke dude
myself Carlos looks like me to Dale I'm
gonna put that out which is his fault
because he knew what I was gonna wear
you owe me to say something wanting up
and you want your fact sure um you can
fit 42 million earths in the Sun oh
really neat there you guys go I'm giving
it five bucks you landscape upfront
crook next try
alright guys next time you see Sam
Vestal be like dude you could've been
five dollars Richie he did kill that
rail enough and he deserves 25 bucks so
maybe I'll just buy him a nice meal
later on today which that's gonna happen
either way feel bad for you too because
that was like 3-4 hours right right they
weren't there and they saw like 10 clips
all right so happens it's a day in the
life but that's what happens sometimes
you work really hard and you come up
with little but it came up with
something that's the point right poop so
what I was doing a trick the trick I
felt for my part I landed primo so bad
after like getting off my foot and
sitting in the van for a while it hurts
dude is that that looks super refreshing
have a drink of that I can't have it
what we're just adding oh my god where's
yours we'll share this k this will be
just becoming inhuman candies Carlos
nannies this is like vemos free throw
vising the best room ja ja I can I was
in a very awkward place too is that mess
of you know so sketchy though yeah it
was I'm not gonna lie that was sketchy
some people have friends because they're
generally good people John Hills my
friend because he's really talented now
I'm just kidding man I agree we'll hang
out everyone we're not skating because I
like you thank you you got this or maybe
you don't tell enough are you are you
hurt no I mean for the moment you begin
your like emotionally or physically I'm
gonna leave you alone so he got hurt I
like sort of joking with him after that
fall of his and I had no idea that he
was hurt look at this so I use the
plastic yet every time I skate with you
you end up wrapping yourself in
something right huh yeah every single
time he always lands stuff though who's
that guy who makes stuff out of
everything MacGyver that's him is the
MacGyver of skate injuries twice why are
you running while you aboard she's gotta
get your workout man yeah and we're here
at valley view middle school where you
could skateboard but please no dogs in
the car and go it's Hollywood High
School that sounded me and I wasn't mad
at Casey he's a nice guy he actually
said something funny and no one got it
on film therefore it didn't exist but
hollywood hot right now let's go all
right he's got the kickflip back Smith
first shop
I know you're scared you got this
Wow how's amazing there you guys go that
was some clips that did not make the cut
in my recent Dana life I did it was
entirely in California and they easily
the hardest thing about doing day in
life's when I'm in a different city is
that ridin is not it I feel really weird
these days doing day an alliance when
he's not in it I of course FaceTime
every single day of my life if I'm
traveling but it's just don't know I
just feel like it Dana life saw him and
I think these days I mean I all still do
data life's my travel or so if not but I
just can I had to point out that it felt
kind of weird not and I'm bummed so the
next day in life you will see will
definitely have writing it'll be a good
one I'm actually think I'm filming it by
the time you watch this it might already
be filmed I don't know but that's it for
this video I do daily videos to
subscribe but if you want to see more
for me and I will see you guys in the
few to the church let's go ask for our
names random question do you like the
color gold yeah well then there you go
thanks buddy yeah
there you guys go that was some unused
clips funny how you let yourself in
mirror handy simple I look at the mirror
