YouTube what is up guys we have a new
series we were doing right here right
now we are going to Goodwill to find a
weird obstacle and we are going to
skateboard on it and you guys are gonna
come along for the journey super fun
it's gonna be a lot of fun ok and we got
some dudes here with us I want to like
skate an arm-chair I don't know get it
foot away that's great so right now
we're going to our cars and we're gonna
skate and we're gonna drive there and
we're gonna film us to get something out
yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna bang out my
backers oh and he's he's back I'm back
here back back you were gone now you're
back I'm back you're back and his back
oh he's gone well are you ready for this
Casey good roll is probably gonna be
weirded out when just like six random
dudes going I like with a camera except
that's super weird yeah well I just
heard my church they're going to go on
an exit onto the highway we just get a
barn here we are good wow this is
actually busy the perks bus is no
parking and then it has outlined parking
spot this is the place to be right now
isn't it it really is everyone comes to
Goodwill on Sunday morning yeah did you
know Thomas that you look like a
pizza-delivery golfer right now I cannot
believe how many people are here right
now it's just four times about people
I've ever seen here okay well that would
rule Ryan will you make a rail out of
that that ya know could not this is the
biggest microwave I know we could like
do that as a sequel so I should have
baby you're gonna infant there's our
mini ramp
let's get a mini dirty dog you drive in
my car that's 29 bucks
good that's amazing
aside this video this week fun skate and
you put a baby inside multiple this is
the one let's get it so we're getting a
worker to buy that but I think I'm gonna
get I'm gonna wear this tie the whole
time
that's our raid gear auditions you can
get one dude I'm good me I'm the only
one I'm gonna outside believe the
biggest fire hazard hole what do you got
there Brad it's a candle holder but you
literally can tip it over but I just
shakes back and forth at safe right so
it's all right next to your bed will be
perfect what is the point of this I
think a mount on a wall it's like it's
like living on the edge so we're driving
around the building they're gonna put
the filing cabinet in Brian Eames car
hopefully it's huge hopefully it fits
he's got an SUV though and then we're
gonna go back and we're gonna skate it
and I thought it would be way weirder
than this this is like I mean I guess
it's weird it's a filing cabinet but
it's gonna be fun dude like spoon but
really I think tricks are gonna go down
but then it's one of these things that
you think is gonna go good and then when
you actually skated it dents and like it
gets an awful real fast and then we're
just gonna put it at Ryan chambers desk
and he has to deal with the moment if
Duty doesn't work what are we gonna do
turn on top re I'll pick it up man just
slide it in yet oh here I'll help I'll
put my left hand on it they just move
the car just like put a Nintendo into it
NES yes good success close it I want to
see it I want to see it yes they're
driving away goodbye later man
oh yeah Alex got a tie to you look at
this though I don't see we got like the
best two ties there are I got actually
pretty like horror movie it has like it
says st. reindeer auditions and it has
Santa like making reindeers jump off a
cliff so they're not reindeer they die
and then he got like a Cat in the Hat
we got it we're going back strikers
we're gonna skate it don't hit me and I
won't hit you deal we're good
he's got in the long way
time to death
we have to tell these guys what to do
about the arrange that was on plane is
it oh you're right
Wow it's raining their first thought
open the door eyes it's just been a
while man
so who's Thomas why did Thomas we made
room for you in my car why did you come
on my car yeah what'd you do I thought
in here like in the other side of the
don't mess up the car you ready yeah you
guys got that turn it Simon okay can I
ride it while you do it
close the door do - oh my gosh
that was just in there you got some
birthday card you got a map that's
amazing
Oh Margo a perfect nificant laughing
that's from 2003 he loved you long dates
a birthday card okay can this be outside
in Persona I like that
like always I look in the mirror the top
one is locked
we are smashing this open we're done
with this thing agreed yeah okay that's
gonna happen let's let's see the trip
let's see if it shreds well sure
can we shred can we shred this if you
can find out smart idea back point
whoo first try
with the chicken I'll get in your hand
oh my gosh did that actually hit your
nuts that one like for Nia hit the Biddy
the test was so good I'm gonna go eat
chilli that's good to do anything I'm
gonna move over here
oh you're nuts dude it was like as if
you just like stood there and someone
hit him with a baseball bat
although it didn't hurt as much as that
sounds but it that's what it felt like
BAM and now I'm eating the biggest cake
I was like a nauseous for a while I was
hysterical and not all right are you
hurt okay good it does hurt missing
super solid I'm skated filing cabinets
like now but you go long time ago and
then just got dense and destroyed this
thing is like a brick we're going to
take this to some Street spots where
we're going to keep skating here we're
going to set it off to three stare and
I'm going to skate again I think my
testicles are up for it that was so easy
wow this one's tougher
now let's flip it over bro click we
broke the door all right pick it up
that's scary low dude that's so low
I wanted the front warning but I don't
know if it's going to work anymore
oh look at that dumb lint right there
let's first try I was there in Cairo
right
out of this
oh you spilt a birthday card Katie all
right
I filmed that so bad I was trying I
think I'm gonna I had an idea and I you
did good
he did good okay so that was it yes we
get absolutely skateboard on this it
worked out really well actually it'd be
kind of fun to take you to a street spot
and set it down some gaps or something
look at your hair but we never got into
this so what are you doing right so you
want to grab a skateboard and go crazy
on this top-drawer as we can get it out
what am i favor I'm gonna caveman on it
you're gonna caveman off it yeah this is
how you get hurt YouTube oh yeah like
friends don't let friends caveman off
teeter-tottering file cabinets exactly
how that feels am i doing how was i
would get on the ground this is exactly
what it's like I barely even got that
hit me in the background effects need a
javelin
there's Kennedy not every treasure that
was the coolest way you ever could
opened it it looks like a video game
this is a treasure guys that did death
sucks I was expecting at least like
another was another way yeah the bobby
pin hooks on dude well I hope you guys
like that serious all these dudes thank
you guys for helping me all of their
channels are right down there
you guys know us all you can watch my
channel you know all these dudes they're
out the team so demo check out their
channels if you want to see more of this
series give this video a thumbs up and
let me know in the comments that's it
how did I do videos every single day so
subscribe if you want to see more in
general that's it Casey you do them
every day I do them every day it's crazy
I'm not even subscribed email that's not
true any what a ninja kick this for the
ender I like okay that's honest
happy birthday yeah
eating your sandwich so disgusting oh my
gosh
Thomas oh that was disgusting right man
yohoo get off your lips go get it off
get off Bryan can't take it we problem
Bryan is puking what I got him on film
on he can see it but ranch started
coming out of Thomas's mouth like a
no-man's land there was a ranch lettuce
there was a ranch lettuce dangling from
his mouth as he was talking was flapping
it against his face and Brides about to
throw up
