yeah ladies and gentlemen boys and girls
I give you that was an easy dupe Adela's
he's so done or for me here have a hat I
don't know I'm not putting that hat on
me why I would eat it
hey what is it right now work that
disgusting that is so disgusting
Oh disgusting why are you walking us we
come to you get back there he told me to
come to try look I took a look at to say
where I can get over anywhere I want to
say I'm sorry
warehouse when's there we're here the
lighting is a little better now herewith
run bracken hey we're here with Ryan
Bracken this week yeah yeah oh you're
gonna warm up we're gonna keep it in so
random like last week you have to warm
up by drawing you the game shows getting
crazy you're on your picture of Ryan
chambers yeah a portrait okay no no no
let's just enjoy this moment okay you're
gonna stare into Ryan chambers eyes and
his body and everything about him and
you're gonna draw him you do a portrait
of him and then when you've done that
the warming up hasn't began to stop
you're going to do three tricks that
John Hill normally would not do no no no
crown you just got to land three tricks
that he doesn't match you with it's
kinda like a game of ska but you can't
die only hanging things on the fly
apparently right now okay and then after
you've warmed up you're going to have 12
minutes to do a fakie 50:53 flip out
No all right my gosh how are we knocking
you have one trick slam you got to do a
forward flip of the air gap he heard me
talk about all this yep then you've got
to do a late hard flip which you
remember us talking about I do yeah and
you have to do a fakie pity pity fake
you through for about you have 12
minutes to it if you do it you get to go
on ebay.com and electronics Bay dot-com
okay and you get to get anything up to
$30 okay oh my god and a bonus prize and
if you fail you still get a bonus prize
oh I like this all right yeah game on
okay oh I like that you gives you the
whole challenge with that in your pocket
oh and warble that would be horrible to
get back but take a bite out of the Hat
just for fun swear that out is so gross
dude all right everyone needs a hat
everyone eat the head I want to try yeah
yeah
Roma's gifts all right no one's we're
done eating it I'm just gonna wear it
all right
where else wants it John you go continue
putting your board together okay thank
you yeah you're welcome
bracken get your get your drawing
fingers up ready the best thing is that
Ryan Chambers has no idea he's involved
with this Ryan chambers where are you
buddy hey I'm sorry to stop what you're
doing because you just sit in the chair
so so Ryan Bracken can draw a portrait
of you sure okay go over here have a
seat you're working and now you're
getting drawn yeah have you seen no
tannic yes yeah go all right don't let
him see do not let him see look at this
features green eyes on her blue I mean
you can't bash into you try to eat the
dirty hat I already have I'm ready
pretty good pretty good look that took
you that long do you think the only ten
minutes are that being said it does look
like bran chambers all right we need to
do a hand you know our hands a flip my
gosh okay three well there you go you
get please put that in your fridge when
you at home thanks for doing it thanks
for sitting there you suck for 19 the
Hat though don't worry about it I'll
just I'll just wave it to back your head
for a while we need to do more stuff
like this though yes we do to warm up
you have to beat the best I mean really
because John Hill's the best face thank
you okay so yeah right you do one trick
and then if he misses it that's one
point you got three points to continue
to the actual challenge of the video if
he lands it you did not get a point you
like make these rules up on the fly it's
pretty awesome yeah I come over there
where else Wednesday on the spot it
makes it hard for me to change
good trick time grab your skateboard
please
he's playing dirty yes I told him later
that was super good
that counts - yeah no you're the best so
good that wasn't me
they're pretty step up your game
he's eating got a piece of heart collect
four of them and you get a new heart you
get exactly the same way Bracken
there yes it was sketchy but it's warm
up doesn't matter nollie Casper 1.2
Brian Bracken run up a point system now
I don't know why it just is what it is
have you ever land one of those it's
amazing
that was really good side bet if John
does not do this I'll give you 20 bucks
cool
my wallets over there he to two points
we'll take that that was so long
oh it's good failure yes it's third
point are you ready to actually
skateboard
yeah it was good reckon Oh John Hill we
will leave you alright alright
labour go heal late hard flip not very
no tall when this guy gets his ice maker
out he's gonna hit it and then you're
gonna have 12 minutes and you their
first trick is the fourth flip up there
okay you move on after that to the late
heart flip and then and only then you'll
try the fakie vidi-vidi three flip out
on the box nice tell me your plan is
your defrost on places bracken and go go
sit right next to my backwards okay
what's the time right names he's got
nine minutes 38 seconds not going to
know it's wasted two and half minutes
oh it's like when you wake up and the
bacons is in the air okay it's just like
that
I know it's had about to happen the
bacons in the air yeah like literally
floating pieces of bacon he's got it
right here he does know he knows no he's
good
he didn't cookies suck he's got it right
here he doesn't
he really tried to make your statement
true wow that was so good I'm going to
pause it while we recoup all right so
grab your coupe and re and then you got
to do it late hardflip we've got seven
days and 45 46 seconds left so here's
the question do you think this is gonna
be easier than the Ford flip yeah okay
cool
then do it alright alright start the
protractor go
Oh Bracken
bracken 507 like five minutes the
seventies laying the hardest trick
well you just nailed that coming by the
way though I have you ever seen higher
games like the odds are ever in your not
favor that's this guy
the odds are not in his favor they're
not what do you do to do it I favor
Brecon I like i-i've you're gonna do it
okay
go slow cuz it's not a long box but
you've got this is your laptop ready
Oh
oh my gosh
hey get three to five minutes hey can
you guys bunnyhop I can
he's at for a breather he's got 2
minutes and 22 seconds let me give me a
breather
Ripoff he's been going like like pretty
like like protected like a like a song
there goes like rent it
he has 30 seconds about like what three
tries three tries because he just goes
brat
my sounds off I can see it on the screen
though Bracken you didn't you fought a
noble war I say we have them back for a
rehab or a revitalization Redemption
where else Wednesday because I won't see
him like that
I would like cement landed - okay those
Redemption where else wants us to come
back and get you though yeah you suck I
saw you did get the runner-up prize of
two finger boards yeah yeah and then
John do you want to be on the team yeah
cool welcome to team okay are you
kidding no I'm serious what on the same
right thank you
yep
this guy has a YouTube channel where he
does very very entertaining videos you
need to watch it it's right down there
in the info he asked fingerboards
freakin high five it's a moving target
now you got ooh am I really on a team
hahaha even though he isn't even though
it's real
