right in wagon oh my gosh YouTube what
is up guys it is father-son house drink
at slingshot time look at this
now with meow it's supposed to be for
snowing look it says snow shot but it
even has a really cool thing to make a
snowball at the bottom others I'll be
like the perfect snowball but it's
winter but there's no snow outside so we
are gonna do a good old-fashioned house
of slingshots
those are cool clouds pretty much like
month wood night man it is our most
pretty durable she won't be too mad but
I do have a foam ball like a squishy
ball so hopefully doesn't break anything
if it does don't know you were not
hitting the TV so but mom if we break
something we're sorry and let's start
doing some slingshot I got a really cool
idea I got for a target that opens up
really you're full my face is a target
no look at this dude this is going to
launch them we're gonna break the house
alright right and you get to try first
all you gotta do is hit this box okay
and then we're gonna get off the real
fun alright yeah do it
you missed all right let's see it pull
back you drop the ball bagel would you
help out and pick it up please okay whoa
okay hey hey don't point that at people
or cats we're done they're animals in
general okay alright great the ball yeah
I don't know if this is made for kids
but it's it's pretty hard to pull back
so I'm gonna help you I'm gonna hold it
this is tag team isn't it pull it back
really good do it one that was terrible
way too far wow I don't think this is
gonna work so I'm gonna use the
slingshot and you are gonna use a nerf
blaster and we will do some trick shots
okay yeah I thought you could all right
so I'm gonna successfully hit this box
I'm going to blast this box to kingdom
come
bill you ready for this whoa
father-son slingshot slash nerf blaster
time I'm not even that one I don't get
you this thing's got because no blasters
are dead oh what a common in the blow if
you say fit alright we got a blast these
okay okay so those things solder nerf
first no as big is that because you're
doing it oh gosh you have missing these
well let's reset it you didn't like the
bottom ones the whole thing will fall
down okay okay till the autumn laughs we
did yeah oh that was pretty good well
that one was you demolished it dude
wait yeah I won't do the high-five over
here that was good
I will let's reset give me your makeup
to in the top middle what did you just
send a gritty cop where to go where did
it go you're still missing how did you
meet like a foot away yeah you did
alright so I'm gonna set these cups up
at around the house we're doing some
house slingshot or I am he's backing me
up with the nerf blaster
hey thank you for that I love you
we're gonna do it right here okay pretty
classic trick shot here
it's a little hat okay go down to the
bottom okay how I'm gonna go up there
okay I have your dart sir here have it
back right hey bonus points if you hit
my finger miss don't hit me in the face
it hurt but it surprised me Oh what you
like you literally just moved a cup over
well good job I won't get my slingshot
you go set those up okay what you want
me to hit it right there all right
you're gonna film it like standing here
okay these like blends in so much with
these I can't even see it like
everything's white around it our hair
hold camera watch your face that thing
is going so fast when it hits this
they're gonna explode I know that that's
a good spot for it
- happened with that plastic feast hit
my thumb and now I don't have a thumb
anymore wonderful nice right there like
when you hit a trickshot that was the
most rewarding victory ever dude hey
thank you for filming them oh here you
go thanks dude oh my gosh look at that
one it's dented there we go alright
riding your next shot
it's the Sharpshooter shot okay you are
gonna have to fire from here over this
table and hit just one cup on pikachu's
I'm gonna move the other cups but you
gotta hit the one comp you can you do
this this is gonna be a tough shot I got
this but why did you make this one I
thought it'd be a fun one for you so you
just you happy I get to shoot over the
table that's the rule okay let's see it
what would you do if you did that first
try oh my gosh that when you were that
close
alright did you eat me dude I think
because she was nervous you almost hit
it again you've got this dude you know
who's blaster this is black do you think
he could do it or yeah you got this man
you got em you are totally you don't
have any darts you hit his ear that
would be way harder I know
alright
I like immediately used to just freaked
out good night on top of it sorted out
and then yeah hey that's learning from
your mistakes
dude props for that righted it is my job
with the slingshot to do the bathroom
shot you did a last time goof do it are
you saying you're the king of the
bathroom all right well let me do it
just this one video okay to the bathroom
let's go
in the toilet why okay we'd have a way
to our toilet balls dude what happened
to the bathtub I'm trying to spare
handily did you smell it yes the bed's
not there anymore okay well I was gonna
do the bathroom shot right here just put
it right here okay okay all right so
here they are and it's actually kind of
hard because the angle it's like I'm
just enough room to shoot it okay so
you're just gonna stand here just like
this okay is that cool is that cool dude
what I'll take the others yeah that
probably didn't look special at all but
there was like such a direct shot to hit
it that's a good idea let's go
downstairs I'm gonna you're gonna go to
the other side over by the couch and
you're gonna have to shoot through these
cracks and hit the cups right there what
dude I know you can do it okay
all right this is what we're looking at
are you ready for this yeah hello
anything is gonna take one year now like
yeah yeah if you hit this in one shot
I'll give you five bucks okay
sorry I shouldn't celebrate his Lucy
it's hard isn't it oh geez I figured you
would at least go through and miss the
cups once you like hit a thing every
single time didn't you yeah I can't
afford all right it's very tough to kick
the cups isn't it yeah
but the shot was good wasn't laughing
I'm proud of you hey I think it's time
for the mega shot ridin what's the shot
you always want me to do I am but what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna get the velcro
thing and shoot a Velcro ball down and
try to hit a target you think that'd be
cool yeah it's gonna be perfect I think
if it even works you're just a
settlement chair oh yeah look at that
that'll work I'm totally fed up a tripod
so oh oh my gosh that is like downstairs
you hit your face
Stegosaurus you have a dog's toy they're
gonna be okay don't treat you're about
to fall backwards it stops that was way
harder than I thought it was gonna be
and I have no idea why I hit like here
and here and here and here and here and
here and here and the blinds no I think
they're fine hopefully hope I didn't
break up I am sweating from running up
and down the stairs thanks but come here
you don't get too close to me this was
supposed to be house sling shot but it
was a Malta it was a hybrid it was a
slingshot and nervous allah i know you
did but so two things out of this when
he's older or we get a slingshot that
he's able to use because it was like
really hard to pull back okay but when
we find a good slingshot we will do a
sequel to this where you both do
slingshot trick shots and then we will
also do a nerf house nerf trick shots
okay deal yeah
either way thank you guys for watching I
hope you're entertained by it I feel
like we could do so much better with the
slingshot trickshot idea but it's just
the sun's going down and this is the
video we filmed thank you guys for
watching I do videos here all the time I
do videos with him at least once a week
I do a lot of skateboarding I do a lot
of lifestyle stuff it's a lot of fun
thank you for doing with me I'm the
luckiest guy in the world to be your dad
you know that I never want to stop
telling you so thank you guys for
watching if you want to see more for may
hit the subscribe button right below the
video it's free it easy and you're
signed up you just gotta click it and I
will see you guys tomorrow with a new
skateboard video gotta watch mm-hmm and
that is not a watch
oh my gosh wait you're grabbing a stool
what is that gonna do is that enough and
I'm gonna tickle the stool doesn't have
the same effect
you
