uh it just storms didn't it yeah it
totally stormed but that's not a big
deal because we were not planning on
going outside what we're planning on
doing today yeah we're going to the
warehouse shred quarters whatever you
wanna call it - skateboard
I actually got home and I was like
riding we got a box today that we need
to unbox but he wanted to skateboard so
we're gonna go do that first and then
were gonna come back and unbox this and
you're going to eat what does that mean
I mean
don't eat me do not eat me all right so
sittin up let me tell you what get yeah
okay yeah they're closing your shoes you
are ready to go get crab yeah nobo you
missed you got to be better at
high-fives you want girl a warehouse
hahaha all right all right come on come
on oh you got it all right and I also
have all of my clothes my shoes on we
know how to dress ourselves don't we
buddy um shaky
alright ridin does this all the time and
he wants to show you - okay let's start
again oh there you go I have no idea how
he does that because that would it would
freak me out to turn my arms like that
how do you do it I'm gonna keep
something oh okay okay let's not try to
backflip in the kitchen are we ready to
go yeah let's do this what tricks do you
want to do today
a backflip that might be hard to do how
about you do your backflip thing and
then land on a skateboard that'd be cool
you want to practice Ollie's okay I can
show you a good trick to those and you
already have a decent attempt better
we're gonna skates we go this one we got
your whole breakup now yeah we do
no one's here put your helmet on boy get
up there you go oh it's been a while
hasn't it so it's actually been a while
since he skated whenever we did the last
gate but it was when he skated I
explained that one I'm not going to make
ridin skate if he wants to he can if not
I'm completely cool with that I just
want him to follow whatever he's
passionate about in life right now it is
but boarding but he did ask me to come
skate today so I'm excited hey let's
start let's do all your old tricks okay
into that one that's your og trick do it
hahaha first try that was good
you want to you're Jason Park jump off
trick let's go see it over there and you
got your Diner riders grip tape get
going and you did the splits
yeah slow down a little bit okay just do
two one push and then get on and then
one push and then get on it there you go
you're here alright get off to get up
there ha
goodbye get going go okay how does hug
good oh no no that's Cody with dollar me
we need that right there
I've got your skateboard hahaha I've got
it and you're not getting it back you're
passing me up oh I was almost in I got
folks watch the prize all right get on
now just stay on the board no matter
what okay
Oh again oh and the board no matter what
all right let's see it oh you could roll
it away farther but that was pretty good
you haven't done that since your one
video right he really rolled away there
pretty good oh thank you buddy he wants
to jump on the trampoline for a
celebration for dropping in again we got
the Empire Strikes Back we got Jurassic
Park we got a jumping ride in buddy you
got to do the Brett Novak trick yeah of
course yeah that'd be weird how do you
do it
but Ryan tell us what a Briton or metric
is um all right
you can onto my hand all right let's see
it ha ha ha all right all right now push
Oh
you landed that because of my foot I'm
gonna be honest all right Ryan you want
to do that back flip trick you're
talking about this is a trick that JC
Park would be really proud of
oh let's go faster anything you know
your big jump JC Park you wanna do it
off this you've never done that let's
see it
wow that was good a big young guy all
right sit let's read your feet out oh
all right huh do it you all right okay
what are we doing
Holly training hits a rock nevermind
it's moved over here now oh you got it
they're banging right here no don't eat
me do not eat me so look right when I
hold on to this watch me practice my
foot movement while alleviating some of
my weight so it makes it easier to jump
up jump up in the air this foot on the
tail and then that foot right here don't
let's don't step on it yet okay now
you're gonna press down on this one and
slide that foot up and jump another
thing is that you want your feet
sideways riding here you're gonna use
the bat part of your foot okay now try
it
that was good that was a really good one
smash that down really hard
feel how your legs doing there alright
that's what you're gonna want to do
there you go and then you caught
yourself cuz you're holding on it's gone
do it alright they're gonna do again
that is really good now you just need to
jump with it okay that was good you got
everything but one wheel off can you try
it again and jump really high
alright yeah Holly to the roof that was
good oh my gosh we gotta watch that if
you would not have slipped off that was
it buddy
you got this okay I was pretty good but
you'll get it will come back okay that
was pretty good he actually got way
closer today and was popping it better
than he ever has I'm really proud of him
he was like really excited too so we're
gonna do some celebratory nerf gun
shooting and then we're going to go back
to the house open up the unboxing I told
you oh yeah do what the ones on the top
come here see the ones in the top that's
the older that's the old company revenge
which one no wait wait wait wait wait
you got to pick one we are revenge okay
do it you are way off Wow
yeah it's alright we could try it again
oh my gosh how was it but I think that
was your best skate session yet do you
have fun what you did great by Cotto by
strikers dear heroes in a half-shell
let's go we got a box open buddy did you
clean your playroom we're not done
you're very strong so this is from the
guy who set up the Sony Tour studio
remember that in the Kali cam DIY
YouTube channel so I want to say thank
you very much I don't actually know
what's in here but I'm still banking on
the fact that I'm really thankful after
I open this it's very nice of you guys
it's has some weird black clay pots it's
just not the tape that I'm used to
seeing our box actually you River I just
grabbed this rip it up and say Hulk
smash the easiest box donor Pole
no no way you lick the lens again didn't
you oooh it's that's disgusting right in
so firstly this first we got a letter
enjoy some swag for you in the fam keep
up the great impact you all are making
it means a lot thank you very much very
nice and then they talked about having
us over for barbecue so it's pretty much
the best letter now like I said I'll put
the link to their channel right down
there they do a lot of cool garden and
home DIY stuff it's really well done
like they really know what they're doing
with the camera and just and the
knowledge behind it so check it out if
that sounds like something you're up to
but let's dive in this box the first
these first ride - close your eyes
don't-don't-don't done - done - you
didn't close your eyes at all I can't
erase dance and Ghostbuster at least I
saw race the real Ray dan Aykroyd isn't
the vlogger sewed if you haven't seen it
I walked into the store and Sony Studios
and Dan Aykroyd right there and I was
like I would love to thank you for
everything you've done
instead I have a really cool diecast
ville statue heck yeah thank you alright
see right here oh this is for you
oh my god no wait wait wait
oh wait no this is not for you this is a
good adult sized thing so this is going
to the white because not a red shirt
this is for mom I'm sorry buddy I
thought it was a small shirt I got your
hopes up May when you grow up you can
take it from on okay I will I'll feel it
no if you don't steal alright there's
more shirts though hey man yeah there we
go
the comedian himself I mean they are all
comedians I guess but even the funny guy
wasn't he bangin on the piano keys to
moomoomath
oh my gosh this is all Ghostbuster stuff
is this is your sighs this winter you
have the best long-sleeve ever yeah open
up look been talking about it thanks
Callie king's ly DD i won it's a beanie
it is a beanie
Abbi I like that oh are you take much
for this honor winston zeddemore winston
zeddemore person icon winston good first
name
okay you wanna hug winston do not lick
winston you did not get this for me
because I don't go around licking random
objects oh it wasn't Ellie Oh God
oh my gosh the last one is for me right
this is the best I love everybody
Ghostbuster shirt maybe when I was Logan
I've definitely never seen a red
Ghostbusters shirt so this is awesome
thank you so much guys Calla chem DIY
you were the best if you guys want to
check out the garden DIY channel it just
right down there in the info one last
huge thank you to Cal King DIY and I
hope you guys enjoyed hanging out stay
skating with us watching us unbox all
this stuff we I do videos every single
day I do videos with ride in a couple
times a week usually so tune in for more
and that is it riding you want to say
you made a tower thank you for watching
my video you wanna see more of clipdown
mail even you can dive in Andy yep
you're just type in Andy you always say
that if you just type in Andy on YouTube
apparently comes right to me it doesn't
I'm think you high-five but it's
believing it's leaving you got to catch
up at 5:00 you gotta catch that five oh
you fell
five is going to circle it's over here
now all right
it's a nope you missed until oh you got
it alright say bye ah
where is right in here you say bye again
alright goodbye and don't don't throw
these hug them
Oh oh my gosh I meant that there's your
face that's your face
you
