YouTube what's up guys today I'm going
to talk about board sizes and I know
there's a lot of videos out there on
YouTube talking about the pros and cons
but I'm gonna just kind of talk about
our opinions on wide boards versus small
boards / medium sized boards and then
we're actually going to skate them all
and give you our thoughts about just
what each size has to offer and how
frustrating they might be alright when I
first see a lot of frustration and not
backward that board this is a 7.5 I feel
is gonna flip on it's gonna flip so much
so first thing is first we will talk
about this this is a 7.5 skateboard
I think the injury doesn't actually know
that these people still skate these
because I saw you know I saw a riot
right channel article it was like what
the skateboard is we need to bring the
7.5 back how it exists yeah it totally
exists we actually sell dese amount of
them right we do so especially if you're
a younger a littler dude you need a
smaller deck 7.5 is a great option first
off I want to say but don't
automatically assume that because you're
a certain shoe size you should be a
certain size board I know a dude that's
6 feet tall that skates 7.75 and I know
people that are like this tall that's
gave 8.5 it has nothing to do with with
anything like bench preference personal
preference so honestly 7.75 and eights
are probably gonna be your like most
normal sized interbase kids skittery
well that's what we sell knows that
right someone say it's 4 days 8 all the
way most implants implants are very
popular yes they are now so so this is
the bottom of the barrel this is the 7.5
it is a very skinny deck skinnier decks
I often associated with easier to flip
and a lighter so just protects tech
stuff in general is going to be a little
easier on this it'll probably break
faster overall like down a gap it might
not hold up as well if you're dropping
out a big gap on a bigger board and then
it's harder to catch your flip tricks
because the board is not as big that's
what I'm Sochi 87.5 yeah yeah I'm gonna
do an 8-inch deck and then we'll do an
8.5 after this we're gonna go do three
tricks on this thing okay each three
teach sure all right let's do it just
rolled on this for a few seconds it is
so tight oh man I want skate I can't
well how exciting
that's a toothpick dude kickflip that's
right that was a cow that's a tiny
skateboard they'll flip on the hip
that's why I'm doing variable
he's stuck it for truck coming press
it's hard to land on your public crap
how's hard
shorts on
no pun intended any force then we you
should buy for squeal fire
rhymes better at kickflips with a small
board I was first trying I was like the
best one he's done down to the stairs
not the biggest but the best it was
perfect that was actually kind of fun
kind of so yeah for one immediately it
feels like you're on a toothpick and
when you're learning how to skate with a
smaller space to stand on it's gonna be
kind of hard to find your center of
balance I guess so there's that okay
it's it's generally a little more
difficult to ride on a skinnier board I
was popping my tricks higher on accident
just because it's a little lighter like
it was like flying up in the air a
little bit more so there's that fluffs
it is a light board it does get in the
air it's easy to flick I thought the
flip tricks felt easier or the same as
my eight really yes but like that lip
slog felt crazy it felt like I was like
you're literally standing on too much
skating on to my far yeah the Kirk there
was a weird it was like scary but flip
tricks felt normal to maybe maybe a
little faster for me at least and the
Hubble was scary it felt like I was I
was dead in two hours so if you if you
want to do tech tricks 7.5 might be
great for you but the next one is my
personal favorite was you skate you
eight inch deck all right I like to
think of this as when you play Mario
Kart and you pick Mario and get a
standard thing it's like this is like
the mario kart of size 8 is the mario
kart the mario of mario kart any chance
you're as Mario in the standard Mario
Kart yes
you got you so look I even got some red
color way on this but we're not clock
skateboards up is this Brian a
skateboard
um so 8 inch deck it's a nice medium
it's not too skinny it's not too big I
personally love it but if you really
have a passion for small or wide this is
this is your middle gray and you
probably don't want this but if you want
to kind of skate everything I feel like
this is a great size deck we're gonna do
tricks on it I don't really have a lot
to say because it's right there in the
middle but that being said it is easier
to stand on at the same time it's not
too heavy so there's the pro and cons I
kind of meet in the middle with this one
and I have nothing but nice things to
say about natives Jack let's go skate
let's just game right name is Joey first
because he's warmed up
think is that more comments or yeah it
kind of feels like skateboarding because
we're used to a day today
I was so smooth they didn't bother doing
the trick
that was an adorable little like hop in
I take credit because I just waxed it
right before that
like a little pancake egde like I'd
compare that trick to a breakfast I
would say as a pancake I don't know if
like I'm sure I'll do three plus
my turn I'm doing this he's gonna hard
time with my truck's I can tell he's
gonna start complaining about him water
amateurs should actually slide that
trick he's flute a little bit is you in
that way I'm not sure why
he slid about this far but it looked
good so we're going to keep
you hit yourself you face behind it it
was over the nose all right so there was
there's the eight one thing I want to
point out this you know it's a nice
medium shape it's good for anything it's
also good for any terrain like if you're
getting a skate park or the streets or a
big bowl like you can you can do it on
this I would not skate a big half
hyperbole on a 7.5 right
I would either success in aids no I'm
saying I'm saying you can do it on this
Oh a medium you can kind of skate
anything yeah but with smaller boards
like a big transition is pretty creepy
yeah but yeah we know I mean like like I
said Bruce is really doing it to skate
like cut up one of each area of the size
chart so we kind of had to do the 8 inch
which we're used to it felt super normal
and double Gauss came on board it felt
like I was skating bryan inform this too
heavy to pick up what do you call this
tank this is a tank a big boy board
again baby out being Chicago he calls it
a big boy board this is a 8.5 I've never
actually scared one of my life oh no I
did for the one where else Wednesday
with Alex Todd never skated one so
whatever I've done a challenge where I
have to skate Alex's board that's what
I'm dealing with it but at least it has
my trucks on it which might actually be
weird because they're four eight inch
yeah weird for me so the pros of this
what your trucks were weird for me on
the sudden point I really was super big
everyone yes or what I don't care about
everyone what's not skateboards that so
here it is eight and a half inch dick it
is good for catching your flip tricks
you know it's good for general more
stability there's more boards can be
easier to stand on and
it's gonna weigh a crap-ton more than a
7.5 not really not a lot it's gonna
weigh a little bit more you'll probably
feel it probably quarter pound more and
it'll flip slower but catching your flip
tricks is better and riding around just
in general it's really good if you're
learning how to push use this deck there
you go yeah so let's go try it out to
see how much anybody sucked more on that
at some point absolutely on this I'm
sure Brian Ames is going to like eight
point five s and starts getting them
Thomas
Max and Alex buting of all skated eight
point five Thomas actually went back
down to like eight point one or
something now but he's like
easy to start like it you liked that
didn't you
Friday's people
wacky guy that was super tubular all
right I'm gonna skate I'm gonna kick
flipping the five stair and no slide the
rails go son
wow this just feels heavier holding it
earlier but I didn't really think about
it but it does go have your alright no
slide
I'm gonna go over the kickflip hope I
just do it first try
I don't mean to play but that was an
amazing fall tire that was fantastic
nothing else I'm just physically tired
it was a good kickflip
so it's all three flip on a board I
would never want I learned a lot about
skate friends I can't I don't know I I
actually learned that I really suck at
wide boards I didn't get that face by it
honestly you you're gonna start skating
it right I'm not set outside of like
three flips or something like that on
why they on a board that wide I would
skate that board
it's fine okay when I was actually the
kick flips felt great but then I just
wouldn't roll away and I think it might
have had something to do with my the way
I ate in trucks on an 8.5 deck but it
felt good it was heavy
the three flips did kind of suck because
it felt like it was like I was like
moving a monster it was just it was a
tank feeling I just learned that 50-50
to live last week and the lipslide felt
like super solid yeah I didn't feel
crazy when I was in it so I'm happy with
it definitely felt like I'm a fellow
magic-carpet is what it felt like when
you were rolling it was fun to roll
around on wire board you just knew it
was there
grinds and slides feel better yes and
then you're just the sluggish flip
tricks that's the one thing that I
really have to say about the eight point
five and I'm in a bad way from for me
but overall if you got used that it does
feel really good catching your tricks
and I was gonna go I probably would go
up even though I was worse on the 8.5 I
would probably go up to 8.5 rather than
down 7.5 it makes me want to experiment
with like an 8.1 or something like that
it's if you get so there you guys go
that's just rambling I hope that helped
you just kind of like I don't know learn
more about board sizes if you want to
learn learn learn there's a lot of great
videos that actually talk about that or
you can just do it yeah or just do it
needed and just experience it on your
own just try out new decks and see how
they feel worst case scenario you get a
weird size and it takes a week to get
used to and then you're fine so much
have fun with the guys hope you guys
liked this video I'd you daily videos so
if there's a subscribe button if you
want to see more from me
if not then look at your bronze face hi
let's go while your clothes
dude this thing is unbeatable
I like punched it in like I swear it my
hand was inside the watermelon it didn't
even blow up it gets stabbed by it gets
stepped by a screwdriver - yes been here
since johnny was do you want to punch it
no I'm afraid to punch you know what's
going on inside of this horrible
horrible that's a good point
they probably pretty gross we should
right just ship that to Johnny no I
think it's a law man
oh is it I think so okay we should ship
it good that's that you could do
you
