YouTube what's up guys okay so I
recently built the Lego Death Star and I
said I was going to do a time-lapse I
didn't end up doing that and I'll
explain that in a second but riding
doesn't know that it's complete I'm
gonna take it up to his playroom and
surprise him with it and he's probably
gonna flip out so you're getting really
hope I don't drop this
there it is I told him to wait in his
room so let's get him to come out right
in come out come out come on that wasn't
even your room you start to scream
before you saw it what stop you can just
circle it around it it's built yeah we
can play with it buddy
oh they're downstairs I gotta go get him
but let's look at the rooms first okay
are you happy how happy are you I'm
scale from one to two how about one big
family
hey max but baymax exactly sorry from 1
to 10 how excited are you I love you
buddy it's built it's finally built hey
let's go get the guys one I'm gonna need
your help to get on come on all right
hold on I got something I got something
to do I'm gonna hold on to these so I'm
gonna hand you a figure you have to tell
me who it is and where it goes okay all
right first it's probably the hardest is
this what monster is that damn it
correct Dino go and we're gonna put them
in the trash compactor I want to see
what this does the walls go in don't
they that's pretty cool so I just can't
scratch them oh all right I'm cool no
all right cool yeah buddy who is this
huh huh what's his full name
okay who are you gonna put him okay this
thing is so with so much that's a good
spot for him buddy no okay that's just a
stormtrooper where you want to put him
you put him anywhere
out legen loudly
okay and it was this oh oh we can put
him in the Emperor's chambers yes you do
who is this guy I believe that is a
Death Star gunner so where do you put
them you get yep
that's good you could put with a super
laser that's right and you would not
want to get zapped by that would you no
no I would it would destroy give this
boy a whole plane yeah I saw because I
want company him though you've seen a
new hope about 200 times right
oh we got another one of those so did
you try to put him up there - lucky open
kill that's pretty cool okay fell oh he
did from that fall Wow
well guess that wasn't a big fall all
right next is who's this maybe up there
don't even know what that room is she's
got like a tool room and I don't
remember the name of that droid ridin oh
my gosh I broke the super laser yeah
okay you feel bit since I built it I can
break it yeah I'm gonna put it back
together
who is this whoa Princess Leia outfit up
yeah you know oh that oh wow that makes
a lot more sense actually I suggested to
put her with han Solo and he he put her
in the cell block which is where she was
prisoner who is this it's you Jedi
Knight Luke okay yes that is the proper
place to put him buddy there anymore
wow you rocked that ridden you've made
them perfectly fighting I was really
good and really fast high five
and who was this yeah he can go wherever
candy
how come he's just in that room I'm a
song trooper that kinda that's me
you're totally in the Death Star that's
awesome come give me a hug
just don't be inside it when it blows up
okay cuz it looked twice not wait I'm
into this are now yeah oh I'm a stronger
burr - cool all right
here's your next dude oh hi what is that
called
that's a Royal Guard so where would he
go what wouldn't he be down here in the
Emperor's room okay Wow alright bye
right in good I'm glad that you're not
still bullying right now we don't need
that we uh here there's a good I don't
know what that is that's your okay
that's that's not a mouse droid I know
what you think that though why would it
be on top of that hairy one okay here's
your next guy yeah that's farm boy Luke
right here be down to buy the backpack
he's gay doesn't family needs to be down
here yeah I'm ending your help that's
correct you know your you know your
movies buddy
who is this Jim Cavani chubak up
that's okay he knows how to say
Chewbacca it was pretty cute though I
think we should all cocky he's gonna
hang oh there are two there are so many
figures that come with this all right
there's this even coming loose sleeps
nobody's black no a different protocol
droid for the Empire while you put it
back here in case the guns break he can
fix them oh yeah that's just an
astromech droid that I don't know the
name of I used to when I was at 14 okay
unit it isn't an art it might be an art
I don't know it's an astromech droid who
is this nope
only like you know there you go can't
forget the Kenobi
is there a tractor beam oh here it is
right and look that's what that is but
yeah like people it's okay
he's deactivating the tractor beam and
tickling you here's Jimmy yeah where you
give a 3 p.m.
you put them with are too pretty
okay I'm next doc you riding I will buy
you a puppy if you tell me who this is
um Adolf Adolf ma you gotta say his name
I'm gonna buy your puppy he already had
you're just saying that cuz you don't
know the name he wants a puppy I didn't
mean I know I'm here I'm gonna tell you
so next time I ask you you'll know his
name is Grand Moff Tarkin
that's an obscure when he wouldn't know
that he's up here for sure here's
another Royal Guard it was this look
dumb
stormtrooper Luke and who's this hi
hello um stop here yep we're gonna put
them no no wait wait wait
oh you want their helmets oh you should
put him in the trash compactor oh yeah
I'm just gonna lay them in there
oh well and look that sucked by bita and
garlic from skills what's his name did I
know go and uh
- that was like the most thought out of
that ever it's pretty good buddy all
right last one
here's Jeffrey yeah ample each one of
the hard one I can't for them in this
scale want me to put him in the chair
okay do you want to film me do it
it's on - so you try to point it at me
okay it's gonna be tough but we're gonna
do this actually really tough to make a
point of lightning and be in it
oh no I'm focused you're outside sad I
think daddy um not a special available
you think I'm not a special builder no
then fine last time I thought a Death
Star
I fixed it and he's in the seat and he
looks mad see he's in there watch this
hey I'm Darth Vader
okay boom so that's all the people
there's oh there's the mouse droid right
you put them wherever you want
I'm floppy I can pull them over you okay
there it is tests are done give me a hug
oh of course buddy it's a pretty cool
set so the story behind this is that I
randomly bought the Death Star a long
time ago
I love Lego sets I love building LEGO
sets it's just therapeutic for me where
I can just not think too hard and just
create something and then of course I
don't keep these and play with them I
just build them and I'm like oh cool I'm
done and I give them to somebody I don't
give motor riding because he has way too
many things as is don't you buddy give a
ton of stuff uh with the Death Star I'm
definitely gonna keep this around
because it's such an awesome set point
is that I was gonna do a time-lapse with
you as I created it when I started doing
it it was tough kind of stressful
worrying about the time lapse video at
the same time trying to enjoy building
the Death Star right ready uh-huh I love
you so I gave up and I was like I'm just
gonna enjoy the Death Star and I built
it and I made this video to show you
guys and then of course ride and ride
and loves it but I do want to do
time-lapse videos in this video we're
gonna go to target and we're gonna pick
out like four sets and then you guys can
vote on which that we should do first
I'm going to keep it kind of small
because I don't want to like it you kind
of get the feel for time-lapse videos
before I dive into a big set and I'm not
gonna just give these to riding like I
said riding has enough thing
and a lot of people give him stuff like
friends family relatives people are
sending him stuff it's just an issue
he's really weird because I don't want
riding to think that things are that
important because that's not what life's
about so what we're gonna do is we're
gonna give these sets away like nieces
nephews like I might even give some away
online I don't know but I'm gonna give
it to somebody who like loves Legos you
can use it whether that's in our family
or if it's one of my friends children
you know I'm gonna make sure it goes to
a home that people will use it so it
doesn't just get added to the bunch of
stuff that's in here just tell me your
good idea yeah okay right well we're
gonna play with that but first we're
gonna go to Target and we're gonna pick
out some sets so that's the plan I hope
you guys dug the we're putting like all
the Lego characters and I thought that
was a cool way to kind of see the Death
Star and I'll show you a little bit more
because I don't think we put any anybody
in this room um it's got a lot of cool
pieces like here's one of the big guns
you saw the trash compactor but all this
stuff moves to like look like this has a
hole if this guy wasn't in here this
Thai fighter moves around oh and then
right here the elevator totally drops
down see if you can see it in there goes
all the way down to the bottom it is a
really cool set so I hope you guys
enjoyed that but let's go to Target and
let's go pick up some sets and our films
and Clips my cell phone so you guys get
to go along for the ride with us into
your car seat it is so hot out here
we are here you ready to go when you
pick up some LEGO sets there's water
riding I want you to come on come on get
the guy don't punch oh okay well I'll
still like this come on alright we're
gonna pick four will you do Angry Birds
see ya there's some other cool ones like
the Hulkbuster I didn't leave this do we
get him near down before oh all right
alright guys so pick one two three or
four whichever one you wanted and go put
in the comments tell us which one we
should be able to for the time lapse
right buddy spread your wings
so there's really no point in coming
back to deaths are because I coulda just
end this in the car he's gonna play with
this and I'm probably gonna like
eventually just put it up on something
in my office and let him play with a
different wall but I'm not just giving
it to him because this would be like the
best present ever a time for like
Christmas or birthday but we'll
definitely have fun playing with it I
hope you guys dug the video I just I
felt like I had to do a video because I
supposed to the time-lapse videos so
like I still gotta do it like a
desperate video any videos here every
single day and ridin and I hanging out
and playing happen a usually about once
a week or more if you want to see more
from me hit the subscribe button that is
it I'm going to go riding you wanna come
over here and say goodbye
naked come over to youtube you gotta
show them that you care enough to walk
around a table like you he really likes
talking like a monster these days you
ready to talk like a prince okay
whatever
thank you guys for watching peace out
i'ma push this thing off the table dun
dun dun dun dun dun but I would never do
that
this thing took me nice to me lady a
long time it's hands down the coolest
like I said I've ever built - and then
here's a cat a cats but I mean oh
there's the face
