what is up guys I'm in LA right now just
for the weekend when you're a Sam vessel
it's his first time out here he's gonna
do some great things I'm actually with a
lot of talented people I think Carlos is
meeting up with us and then I have John
Hill Sam Vestal a CI are here too but
those three dudes are gonna do it a lot
so it'll be a fun day
and I'm take you along with us and my
hotel room is always messy when I'm
filming in it so I'm gonna clean up okay
it's not gonna take much them in a clean
look at it okay look at this
unacceptable is okay your girlfriend or
mom whoever's gonna yell at you they
would yell you're right cleaning my
hotel room waiting for John do okay
here's the thing all right look these
trays oppression just pick up one hand
these trays those just leave them in the
hallway at your hotel and every time I
do it I feel like I'm the worst person
ever just leaving a bunch of dirty
dishes on the hallway floor but you're
supposed to do someone to do it look
Casey you did it too I put my next to
Casey says it just looks like they had a
crap ton of food and they left it on the
hallway so irresponsible idea dude
John Hill just walked in mid me cleaning
and this is what's happening so I have
emergency trucks so we have yeah so
bushings and the stuff I just oh my gosh
thank you I don't have a way to let ski
shop of it and I was gonna cry do not
dude I had this whole thing that I was
like Scheiber emergency trucks just a
weekend and we never ever break trucks
yes so don't have we can do it but it's
not gonna be it's not gonna match up on
her oh wow he's John J Omega hope is
that look this bad though clean cleaner
cleaner I'm gonna take the bag so
doesn't matter vats open and I'll work
on that don't worry about it I cleaned
how lame do not I like since seven you
you woke up early I was like like that
okay I was like that and then I heard
you rustling around I was like he's
getting ready I did want it I have that
same face while getting ready yeah I'm
sure you did we're done we're ready
leave the hotel room we're gonna pick a
Brett Novak we're gonna go get some of
the best coffee in the whole world and
then we're gonna go to Van Nuys DIY cuz
I got a church to try for my video part
and then I'm filming these fools for the
rest the day let's go you do too lien
let you yeah okay so yeah totally if you
want to see this day from different
perspectives and we got John and we got
Casey and their links to their channels
or is right down the in front
I promise you it'll be it'll be actual
different videos because we're
completely different people
not even ok John's videos gonna be
exactly mine hey welcome to the team
dude
thanks man this is his first official
day it's good to be here program oh my
gosh
yeah why are you on the team John I
don't get it the wonderful minivan that
we have you didn't know we're gonna ride
in the fashion when we came out here did
you
we are driving we are Bret Novak in
we're copying the Martin part of the day
copying this is so delicious if you get
a chance to go to the conservatory of
tea and coffee beans or something call
versity do it and tell them that Andy
sent you it'll be so confused
but then hopefully they'll give me a
free one of these necks if I go in or
ship them from my house ud let's go
skateboard the guy was selling squirrels
I was trunk course I went with him
geez we just got here and I about open
my door directly into a car terrified
kada Lucy has a nose on his eyeball
California videos of mine probably feel
like deja vu I did this in a blogger
sewed this place and then we did in we
are avenged and then it's been in bonus
footage too so we're back here but I'm
trying a trick for my video for it
hopefully it works and rail and rail but
we're gonna go to other things today so
it'll be a different video a problem so
here's the problem I gotta take this and
turn it into a normal ramp and then I
gotta launch over this that's the thing
that sucks about going back to DIY that
it might not be how it was the last time
you were there
sure
you totally blocked it I think this is
the best I'm gonna get I'm gonna start
trying my trick Carlos here so I'm Andy
Pepsi are what you have kept seeing a
water bottle yes
this is sketchy it is but this is like
super smooth solid is either been so
good san Diego's often oh I did it
Casey thank you yeah I landed a trick
that I'm gonna put aside for a part I'll
use it unless I get another a better one
then I'll just use the better one of
course but the rest of the day I'm going
to film these dudes so I don't know how
much more you'll see of me I'm sorry but
you will see some good skateboarding and
hopefully we put some clips away for
take over the world that's the whole
reason why we're out here in LA this
weekend
he has not missed a trick yet Wow so
good that was a plot twist he was going
to regular L so I did that
that's Brody Braxton I don't know if I
entered him on this but he came to this
session like he was meeting up with us
on purpose it wasn't random with this
what a nice guy
well high five for the trick thank you
but thank you for that little box of
wonderfulness over there yeah yeah that
was irregular but I think you guys down
with the thinking oh yeah they're going
to talk about the Gatorade I was like
wait what we have been here for a while
I'm not gonna say what happened but we
had some productive times we all are
exhausted but we're going to keep this
day going I cannot wait to the van to
eat some hot peanuts that I bought
previously say what's up
this guy filmed a short side of John
Hill it'll be on this channel and I'll
put his name and the list of channels
below that I've already told you to
check out thanks see his face thanks you
I'm telling thanks T okay I'm saying
yeah not me gosh you see how close the
core was so I threw the marshmallows and
I broke up with her we are at a rail
oh this looks so good this is like the
most throw physic the best room gosh I
film that so good
he just doesn't stop it it's
annihilation dude this is all just you
ran of YouTube stuff too
oh right in buddy hey we grab your
camera I need to FaceTime like right now
face I mean the little guy this is the
second time today so I need this is the
best thing ever I usually have to do it
once a day because our schedules are so
crazy
say hi to YouTube I miss you so much
just ride a roller coaster the beastie
is called a beastie oh yeah did you go
on slides riding this guy got a trick so
sorry this is just like pure skating day
in life but this is it this is what it's
like here in California we just skate
all day but it's a lot of fun
Casey just did a crazy bottle trick yeah
he let me see that bottle
and kinda empty it is this the one you
did it with Oh super amped we're going
to put a teen stare so if anything goes
down this it's absolutely not gonna be
in YouTube on YouTube I'm gonna tell you
guys anything goes down but we're hoping
for take over the world take over the
world is revived skateboards second
full-length video here van how
skateboard catch you have to to next
spot let's do this so hot out it's very
hot he's ant rated their kitchen for
starburst
I wonder where Carlos bought this car I
think it's called downtown LA it's kind
of fellow for how Miller that one's not
this one's taller over here you're wrong
you think I'm wrong no but YouTube is
this is how you get her
yeah
there's a 16 that supposed a little
steeper which might sound bad but that
it makes it better I promise so we're
checking that out and Carlos is running
way steeper and these didn't tell us a
lot of faking on this yeah yes we're
back so Carlos can grind this rail oh
yeah
I think you killed him
sorry Carlos story you're dead over some
point up on the club
success I didn't kill mr. I heard vessel
come from all right so we're trying to
just hit one more spot of the day hollow
it high and it's thirty five minutes
away and the sun's going down we better
hope we can make this happen
hey dude soccer practice is awesome
because we're on the same team yeah cuz
we're dressed the same Bertie Brock's is
leaving I'm gonna add your channel to
the info - oh thank you shoot the baby D
by me hearty - that you have not added
his channel to my info talked about me -
fun shot you guys round Simi Valley yeah
Doug we're yet the one time I came -
Doug where Doug lives he's not here but
if I go anywhere else in the country
Doug's there but yeah make fun of course
yeah well then we love dogs but we're
going to be a Monday so there you go
every single one of them was naked all
right we made it it's kind of light
outside we're here at Hollywood High
we're waiting for Carlos right now so I
am going to do something that I can't
believe no one's done I'm gonna do a new
trick on Hollywood high 16 this one how
about a fingerboard I'm at a fingerboard
Hollywood High which might be the lamest
thing I've ever done but I'm gonna do it
I'd only a warm-up I think I'm just
gonna go for it okay
oh gosh dang out its top dude
hi
who is this kid who is this new kid on
the blog I feel good I don't know if
Carlos is gonna make it he actually
wanted to try a real trick which is
unfortunate because it's just too dark
but they're trying to park and they're
not having any luck Sam said he at least
wants the boardslide it will should be a
fun way to end the skate day that's my
dude I told her sometimes I just don't
have anything to say all right we were
trying to go to in and out but they were
so so crowded Saturday night in LA and
now is a very difficult thing to make
happen we're gonna go get dinner and
then I'm gonna just go back to the hotel
and call tonight so I'm gonna end this
day in life right here I'm sorry it's
not the normal daily life I get to put a
little guy and stuff but it is different
at least this was 100% a skateboarding
day I hope you guys had a great time
John Hale with us what I like share with
us yeah look at this yeah friends today
was a great ACOs ha are we good are we
fine
so uh John Hill yes thank you for being
in next to me right now
thank you for existing as well yeah and
that's it Jamie so good job I think he
killed the hardest today definitely did
yeah about me
all right we're gonna good we're going
to good we're at the end of the video
because I messed this clip up and now
it's useless that's why it's the bonus
clip goodbye
yeah broke this in the background uh-huh
okay plot twist
