oh you all right oh wow okay some of
these fall Freddie's are light-hearted
and funny and that this fall was not one
of those Falls if in fact when you watch
it makes you do this okay maybe put your
fist and for your mouth and say ooh like
I did I don't know why that's a thing
you know let's think about that way
who's the first person to go oh and then
somebody else saw that is like you know
what next time I'm shocked I'm gonna do
the same thing let's just keep that
going for all the time but either way
that was one of those Falls okay in fact
that is this is the wrong way that you
want to fall you don't want to fall this
way basically what I'm saying is that
this is the wrong way to skateboard you
know how a teacher in class somehow says
like this is the improper way of doing
it okay if they were teaching a class
called skateboarding they would hold up
this clip by the way guys this is the
wrong way just skateboarded any
questions that was Sam Gershwin and he
knows how to do the right way of
skateboarding I've seen him land tricks
okay I've seen him just roll away for a
kickflip in fact I've actually never
seen it rollin kickin what seen him do
an ollie laser flip though okay that was
cool I'm gonna drink some hot sauce we
go oh oh almost like a tackle my mouth
that was not the best idea but he knows
how to do it the right way in the wrong
way so he is ambidextrous okay when it
comes to skateboarding he's in pajamas
skateboard all right that's what he is I
think the worst thing about these Falls
though because like I've never don't
want this bad but that was pretty pretty
bad but when you're like feed go over
your falling backwards back down to
earth it's that it goes so slow and you
have that moment where you're like oh my
gosh I am about to fall so hard whatever
your hands are doing your hands
basically could have been handcuffed
this way because you're not gonna help
you alright if they do you're just gonna
like break a wrist or something it's
awful and in that moment you have so
much time to realize you're helpless and
you're just falling down to earth but
everything else in life that's good goes
by so fast then when you watch Star Wars
the movie theater first time you just
don't want to end and then also boom
it's over okay fins on the table raise
flying somewhere else to meet old Luke
Skywalker and it's over it sucks k tacos
they go by way too fast that's how
that's a thing to date night with your
girlfriend for the first few times K
those go by way too fast and also you're
not with her anymore and then life sucks
until the next
and then it's all right but this
skateboarding fall when your feet go
over that ledge time stops and you're
like yeah my life is about to be
horrible and I'm about to smash my back
open on the ground or my head hopefully
it on my head but I have an hour to
think about this while it happens while
my hands are a metaphor you a hand comes
in the air so why not and it hurts it is
i'm sure i didn't ask sam about this
fall but i'm sure this heard of time
it's like a rude awakening in skateboard
you have once a while you're getting
thrown to the ground it wakes you rudely
it's kinda like when people yell at
teenagers they're like you have another
thing coming to you in life life is
gonna hit you hard this is what they
mean this is pretty much the perfect
clip to display that hey Stu your rents
due oh I am right you're fired and it's
Falls like these that make me all those
things skateboarding is like it's such a
dangerous thing in fact a few years
exact I heard that skateboarding has the
least percentage of reported injuries
and percentage so that means that paper
every hundred skateboarders compared to
every hundred football players like less
reported injuries come from
skateboarding and then any other sport
so that's awesome okay but then when
they see Sam gershwin do this to be like
nah you're playing football man put your
helmet on but parents don't tell your
kids what sports to play or activities
which ever whatever you want to do it
like let them let them do their passion
okay and it probably will be
skateboarding skate borings amazing and
this is uncommon is my point okay the
side sees this they look over and see
Sam gershwin back flipping onto his
brain then what the point of all this is
that Sam was fine and he's a good
skateboarder I'm gonna show you some
footage of him doing the right way of
skateboarding this footage is actually
from Casey's channel because I featured
a ton of him in the last fall friday i
did of Sam so thank you casey really use
this but enjoy this footage guys here is
sam landing tricks
I hope you guys like that that was Sam
um he has a channel so if you liked what
you saw go down there he does a lot of
like lifestyle and skateboarding the
same time it's really really cool it's
in the info I don't men go under my desk
I mean go down in the info and freaking
click the link and then enjoy it but
that's it i hope you guys dug this this
was fall friday I just punched my brain
wedding ring that hurt this is paul
friday i do these about every uh every
two weeks usually sometimes it goes
longer but i already have another one
where my friend in a she gets hit in the
face of the skateboard so that that's
happening i watch out for that in two or
three weeks put in the meantime I do
videos every single day so include the
subscribe button if you want to see more
for me that is it but it's hot seat i'm
ok let's go get someone for the hot seat
i think it might be a braai names will
find it come on ride where you give me
your aussie yeah it's actually probably
warm because i was just sitting there
too mahama beans are pointless kind of
your then i'm going back no just you
don't want that I don't know y'all David
alright alright if you had to go back in
time and rename yourself you got to
choose it not your mom what would you
name yourself I'd go with tiny weiner
commander for sure that's the one that's
definitely the one hundred percent the
one
oh wow like they're teaching a class
about skateboarding and they were
telling you all right huh how could it
up oh boy I'm gonna embarrass the crap
out of ryan when he's a teenager by the
way I act
