all right it is a day in New York City
I'm back here for just one day um I got
it last night and I phoned a Q&A video
and stuff but today I'm skating I am
going out to Brooklyn to meet up with
Anthony Mosley now who kills it is super
good skateboarders can be fun hopefully
he has some spots for us I know he'll
throw down because he's really really
good hope he has a spot that all skate
to it and be fun day come hang out my
hotel rooms a mess and then Craig I
fallen on the bed Craig's not I'm gonna
put some pants on we're headed to the
apple store first time myself subway
without Brian Ames yes
alright so Craig's cell phone died so
we're getting a new cell phone and then
we're going to go meet up with ethanol
al es that's the plan that's just
restating hopefully I haven't walked
myself to death and can actually
skateboard already tired we skated like
15 blocks I swear to get to the stop
apple store area
that's how the applesauce is decided
right here grazing all right so some
complications Craig's getting no phone
so he's phoneless for the rest of this
trip so don't try calling him which this
happened in the past if you somehow
manage to do it that's impressive le yes
let's get there fresh it away wake
myself today yeah dude I'm right there
with it and it most people it's super
loud here trying to got too much talking
but we are going to skating before we
hit the streets so I'll film Anthony
I'll probably do a warm-up trick the new
war room Jake will be warming up
great
nothing can hear me because New York is
the loudest city in the world we're out
of here we're going to go skate I have
no idea Sri spot though what was paid to
rail I guess gate terminate around put
it there in a room on the way o'clock
governor is a huge we'll see oh yeah
every single time I skate a new pair of
pants I ripped them for skating
alright so battle with down some tricks
that I didn't know if to do is we're
using it so and put it in there so that
was really quick we are actually they're
good power yeah we hung out for a while
so Craig's let's do the tallest no slide
haha yeah yeah clean up the come on easy
to cover a thrash rope this hot box just
to show you this is bellybutton hide for
me
now don't worry i won't congratulate you
no I'm not even doing any more Craig
that naked dude just hit a trick for the
video congratulations thank you yes you
did yes he did hey peg escape our new
bring and this is brandon's newport
if you guys put this in download it put
this in the promotion's thing you get a
free ride tickets free ride do this room
writing
I place sold hedgehogs drag five bucks
hard flip with the book bag first try
I don't even know if you heartless
that suck mid-session shoe change not
really mid-session at all but it sound
like the right thing to say so we're
going to try back apart and then we find
this I'm going to skate it
ah
unhurt better
Tribeca we be here and there strike
talking to his day in life and here's a
fence I was a very Sam favorite thing of
me to say
where
what haha have a seat almost help so if
you guys want shoes mosley left these at
the park grab them and I have no idea
how long ago this was from the time i
uploaded so they're probably not there
but just so you know these things always
freaked me out because I think someone's
going to go super fast in front of me
I'm just getting smashed all right so we
filmed a top 5 which I haven't done in a
while and it was super fun so watch out
for that we're going back to hotel and
I'm probably to call this a video waits
there
and that was it I totally erased the
last clip of this vlog Assad which is me
talking in my hotel in New York but I
did end the night there i think i went
to dinner with with craig we went to
time square which was interesting
because x square is a place that I don't
really care to go to ever again it was
like midnight and there was just
thousands of people everywhere it was
ridiculous but New Year's Eve is a great
time hope you guys liked that video I
will keep the bloggers so it's coming I
will keep the videos coming on to him
every single day thanks for watching I
appreciate it hit the subscribe button
if you want to see more for me that's it
have a good day go skateboard enjoy life
I need a burrito I'm gonna keep telling
you guys to do that because it's serious
eating burrito is very important to you
so is skateboarding but I'm saying
burritos
alright that's it this is awkward why is
it why is this so awkward to end this
video
you
