oh so much fun yeah it was it was fun I
was fun those good idea why every time
we film it's just the weirdest light
ever like it's made in your quickly he's
been here the whole time what he talking
about we're we're geologically located
the Sun is always like this here's going
today filming at the same time every day
he or him which one uh Alex it's Alex
the world's Wednesday that'd be amazing
no it's his guys whereas one yeah he
came thinking he was doing the world's
Wednesday which kills everybody's in
just a minute alright anyways you have
to warm up if you five different tricks
anywhere in the park and sign that right
now and then you have the heat of a
pretzel
okay come after that look that wasn't
weird at all boy shot alright we are
going to do something to your skateboard
I'm going to be terrible
and no no we're gonna do something to a
skateboard yours the same yeah yours
just safe just please in fact let me see
this no craziness no ketchup and oK
we've got to say we did Newsline to your
board if we do we have a skateboard for
you don't worry about it okay and then
you're gonna after we've messed with
skateboard you have to do seven tricks
on the handrail and seven minutes with
it again yeah and then you have to name
your seventh child seven that's us
that's from Seinfeld I didn't know that
I made that up silent I don't know
wonder seven i mantle tribute if he does
it what's he get oh if you get you get a
new escape or new wheels and if he
doesn't do it if you don't get it um you
have to eat the pretzels whatever we put
it on it no ketchup please please no you
don't like ketchup oh okay now you have
to take a shot of ketchup all right
we'll be nice yeah well you got to eat
the whole pretzel whatever whatever did
you okay okay we have some coffee Brian
you have some coffee I think you get it
on this better what we don't have time
okay well yeah when you opened it like
the decided to come out a little bit
just kick one not at me where's the
skateboard we just put together this
skateboard it's actually like a defect
not like an actual like structural
defect but I had like a smudge on us we
couldn't sell it so we're using this one
it is a tie-dye lifeline I'm hoping that
this setup isn't too weird for him
here's your skateboard okay cool start
with the five tricks what do you want to
do
the box is that how you approach your
taxes yeah it is okay then yeah I need
to move I would prefer you didn't okay
I mean maybe just step back a little bit
so weird jeans you got to do what you
got to do it sorry here's our wild card
have you ever seen Always Sunny in
Philadelphia wild card little touch
little bit
go touch hi it's warm up I don't like
here here I don't care we don't care we
don't care
Alex listen to him some more someone you
should sit Indian state is that what
they tell you it's not Indian Sally
Morris crisscross applesauce okay all
right I'm gonna get a crazy angle go
yeah and zero like 90 day yeah hell I
guess your video you know you usually
have to move stuff to warm up okay that
should be a rule yes please do that
if you hit his head you're immediately
disqualified he's doing pretty good
warm-up checks yes this is not a warm-up
trick I'm a little nervous
do it he did do it the girls Wednesday
called skating next two heads zoom or
slide the rail easy let's both do it
what suppose kid right here
Wow
I couldn't even fill I was so close I
couldn't really get him in the picture
but he didn't lipslide guys that's trick
thank you only set Wow okay hey this
time you need to just run directly
behind him okay
just run beside him or right behind him
oh you don't want me to lay on the step
no now we're done with we're gonna freak
him out in a different way
we'll both run okay are you ready eagle
yeah was that weird watch out Wow
you'd be a good dad oh you are a good
dad all right pretzel right now warm up
oh yeah
warm up your warm up these are
Cincinnati rear we got off big pretzels
Royston pretzel moisten and sprinkle
with a half a tablespoon teaspoon salt
provided moisten it with what with water
here come on here wash I think we got it
are you so let's get it moist enough uh
oh really okay we'll do it again we'll
do it again
it's morphin tested again
good sound care hold on it's like 30 to
30 seconds yeah I always look for time
cook there it goes
are you credibly random person not very
good you've known me for a long time you
know this I know pretzel is done alright
then put it right there I mean let me
get warmed up oh that's warmed up I want
skateboard none actually you got to
leave oh you go to the front of the
building and wait for further
instructions bench
yeah the bench what do you have right
there that's all let's go to cut a
skateboard on the hall right in this
room oh really good that was a really
good door open with a foot again we're
not into destroying skateboards and
hopefully this one doesn't destroy we're
gonna cut a section a little triangle
out of this and we're gonna make sure
that's the challenge he has to do seven
tricks on the rail without breaking the
skateboard I hope it survives it because
if it does we'll keep using the
skateboard for different challenges all
right Alex the mini green man himself
yeah I say just a triangle we're gonna
keep it simple because this is the thing
I don't know how much strength is gonna
take away from a skateboard
the beauty of this is that he can
probably hear the so you like what is
happening watch watch your town don't
cross the streams
that is scary let me stand on it hold on
not America like good keychain oh that
would suck to look down and see that you
can feel a little bit of you can feel
that yeah I'll go figure if you take
away a part of the skateboard it gets
weaker right now right
good show that's good though is that
weird to look at this is weird to look
at but I kind of like it
I'm gonna go ask Justin if he thinks he
knows what's happening come here get
your face over here give any idea what
right now what do you think we did I'm
expecting the board cut in half because
I heard power tools okay well not cut in
half but you kind of nailed it
here at votes fine it's look at it does
look like everything seven tricks on the
handrail and why don't why do I have to
do if I lose you gotta eat you eat the
mystery pretzel if you break the board
or don't do the seven tricks in seven
minutes you get to eat the pretzel with
that we put on it including a shot of
ketchup nope alright well here you go
handrail time Brian I'm gonna keep this
here you should Tony Stark it you should
always wear right here no and then I can
I can put on your desk it's a proof that
Brian Ames has a heart okay yeah
sometimes I talk
boardslide land on those bulls is your
can over already know how can I be I'll
ask you in a moment
is your can opener ready yes okay you
don't need that we need a timer I have
one okay go go action goodbye for
modulae bull should we give him five
minutes cut all two minutes yeah five
minutes no yeah five minutes five
minutes I know how good you are at
handrails I don't know about singing
doesn't count
I know you get back up there
Theodore the beauty of this is you have
to sing at the end of it next time
you're on where else when's that you're
screwed all right zero angle
that was weird
what's the time we got to trick that's
been one minute okay cool
look scary that looks it sounds scary
hey man there's some easy tricks out
there if you just think about it okay
you've got this now really you're doing
that man I would hate to get him as a
secret santa is that what you know he
would go to the dollar store he done I'm
just kidding he's a great dude he would
get you something just hits your heart
with a sledgehammer what's the time five
minutes in three tricks in two minutes
oh you think he actually has five
minutes left he's five
you're being that nice I'm gonna be nice
cool house pretty solid you are bolting
this super saw four tricks right he's on
four tricks
three more oh my gosh remember that one
time I said five minutes and you really
know some remember that I do remember
that it's not like good cop bad cop on
this game show this week it is my camera
just stopped recording mid we didn't
land it though so it was like it was
just you got into 500 and my camera is
like I'm not not gonna do it you really
talk to Ben doing back 500 it's way
easier you said like one a comment and
he just did a back five oh you think
that's easier than the fact 50 yeah
you're insane
one more trick you got two minutes like
it's a Brian you have all day he has a
minute and 45 seconds left to to achieve
this you have 45 seconds left oh he's
got a minute 45 see he's got 45 seconds
left
he has 45 seconds left and your boys got
33 seconds left he did it you succeeded
shirt - you're trying to Eric in slowest
yeah she's trying to Eric kids will you
all right you have one chance to do one
more trick for a shirt if you miss it
you still get your prizes but you have
to eat half of the pretzel yeah deal let
me delicious I put soap on Oh so comment
you were mean this week I know I just I
just think he'll be good are you hungry
I am good good I'm not gonna put soap on
it but I should now people won't think
that I'm serious put soap on him I
should but so fun let's go he crushed it
though how did he end up winning - where
else Wednesday it's still getting
punished he did bring it upon himself
okay we'll need lavender and chamomile
use this this old guy I use this this
morning it's not knife it's important
we're just gonna get a little bit of
soap done tintin tintin tintin tintin
tintin tintin you have that man ketchup
on it yes absolutely that is about the
light is a coffee soap pretzel yeah what
are you frankly not coffee
you could taste that yeah how bad is
that oh that's hope I can smell it
can you taste the soap not yet look
this is awful
alright now you know what you won you
don't have to do the one bite will be
nice come
alright alright no I know I'm sorry I
was the bad crowd level of dude you uh
do a good job this guy's been skating
with us for more than we can remember is
very talented a very good friend he
helps around here and he deserves the
skateboard wheels even if he didn't land
this trick I'll and it you did do it
though you did wonderful thank you Ames
brothers ain't brothers whose grab the
Angelo's okay
night uh eight right there bring that
was get some wheels that you get in the
air encounter retros I let's chase Park
I'll take the park JP shout out JP
congratulations this is the first rose
was he won yes I'm this is my third one
yeah first one well next time we're
going to the guitar challenge again how
about harmonica uh no it's hard can you
do the harmonica is every try saying no
I can't play any thank you alright peace
out subscribe or die you'll even know
what to do
no I know I thought you're watching
these aren't even my skate shoes even
though they are skate shoes
Justin's channel just write down the
info this guy's channel exists it's in
the info click it and like it and you
have a weird white thing on your face
why yeah it's weird but subscribe he has
videos yep absolutely doing yeah the
white things gone now I'm Angela
