what'd you just say nothing dude I was
being nice all right it is a day we hear
here in LA and whatever we get into we
may eat some hay by the bay name the
movie Charlie Brown
it wasn't an exact quote but you but a
few people know what I was talking about
out there yeah was so imaginative laga
sewed here in LA I just filmed a
day-in-the-life yesterday which will
come out after this video but we're
gonna go skate we're gonna go to an
amazing deli and I'm not going to eat my
sandwich that I want to because I'm
standing strong and I'm dieting
here in California I'll eat it for you
you please do it's such a good it's such
a good deli it's got Mendocino farms so
we're on there and then we're going to a
three-block and whatever happens today
you're gonna watch it not the whole day
but a good portion of it there'll be
food there be skateboarding and that is
probably it but I'll talk to you in the
meantime and goof off about whatever we
get into it's gonna be so much fun today
whole it is the most perfect day in the
world out right now just the right
amount of heat just the right amount of
Sun just the right amount of
fine on life like backflips I just
didn't want to say fun dude it was just
- it was just too much
- cheese let's go to Menace uniforms
I've got some feet look at that fine
piece of vehicle we're driving it's fine
all right we're here in the luxury van
that we're renting aka
a minivan was this thing a quest uh yeah
so I guess we're gonna go on an
adventure because on you we're to quest
Casey thank you for cleaning it up
you're welcome
you deserve a sandwich hold here yo
Casey oh yeah no problem
all right so our Mendocino farms and I'm
on a diet I call so interrupting you go
they drop the gun
but like I said I'm on a diet this is
what I'm eating this
a watermelon feta cheese salad it'll be
delicious it's just not enough food how
is it so far so own so far so no Carlos
punched a bird but he just think that
birds not going to do it again alright
so this guy wants to get boba tea I just
touched your beard I'm sorry so we're
gonna go try to find him that and then
get to the skate spot seven-minute crime
no no no they're all there's a coffee
place right here that I have okay yeah
that's peas that's peach talking of you
love it
I thought you said that we're gonna
drive to boba let's go we got some palm
trees right here I still got two I don't
know oh my gosh rogue one there is
Konami headquarters are there oh wow the
dudes are going in there to get boba I
don't need it I'm just gonna drink water
throughout today I am gonna FaceTime the
little guy I miss him so much it's only
been like two days but it's it's tough
being away from him I know I travel a
lot you guys probably see me traveling a
lot on my channel and probably think
that I'm just never home I'm home a lot
I'm only gone for two to three days at a
time and I usually only leave twice a
month lately it's been a little crazier
but I've also had some vacations with
right and so I'm gonna FaceTime him and
my gosh I go home tomorrow and I cannot
wait to see the little guy hi hey buddy
how are you yeah you're sad YouTube
I don't know if they can see it they're
closed
plot twist they're closed so we got to
go will you drive sure
okay you drive I'm gonna FaceTime a
little guy ride in for the first
everyday uses his saved up money to buy
himself
you got to zoom his watercraft
hovercraft from the paw patrol heck yeah
so high the same vessel oh hi Sam
vegetable alright buddy I love you
Peabody P daddy just as long as I'm not
P Diddy and we are here we made it
what's and vegetable another venue I
can't have my child stop calling you
that I think it's kind of cute
personally the graphs again California's
a grassy place
I was not even planning on getting a
drink but they had a toughy latte and
that's my weakness Oh super sweet it is
good it's really sweet though what's the
verdict is it good all right good pretty
good thank you Peter
oh you having I thought you already ate
all it how are you on the ground I know
we didn't seem like it but yes we are
actually going skating finally we're
going to a three-block this gonna be fun
I can't wait oh my god Oh kissing like
never tell the bank of the East were
here the worst thing is driving to a
spot I get so tired and sore just
sitting in the car doing oh dude that's
good it's cuz you didn't get to jump
down Hollywood high yeah let's do that
later
I'm down I mean I'm down to film okay
okay yeah birdie Braxton's in the house
actually special gift for you you do
yeah kinda yes sir thank you likes
avocados you know what do you bring one
yeah I brought you know - it's so right
tonight at midnight you're gonna be like
you know what I'm hungry but on these
trips I know it's drunk food and stuff
like that I was like I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna last till midnight
yeah just like it soon as I get a knife
and a spoon I'm eating this thank you
dude pour you're the best I'm gonna
avocado pocket
you
I have such a bruise on my butt from
that
freak relatives he's a freak of nature
oh thank Casey for filming all bank
that's the biggest half come over my
life I wish it was on like it I gotta go
do it down different a front viewport
bigger too so we got asked to leave and
we are obliging of course and more spots
though I'm going to take you guys at
least one more spot before I wrap up
this vlog is owed Carlos landed a trick
for a future parts project whatever you
want to call it and I if I had a red
flashy thing I'll make you forget it I
might be surprised you should be honored
by three acts you'll be under five hmm
man maybe not yeah then you don't be
awesome though I just I was about to say
this is that if you could read flashy
thing men in black you before your own
video working out they'll be amazing
because then you forget your video part
you'd be surprised of your own skating
so my pants if I sucked any more than
half cabin kickflip I would've been
naked really what we did I'm so glad I'm
throwing these pants down when I'm done
because they're barely not pants anymore
they're barely there barely pants
whatever they're barely pants not
anymore no my videos don't welcome
yesterday Andy is it yeah that's good ah
Ledge paradise Brody go it's going down
right now
I said it wouldn't make it till tonight
and I got a knife and spoon at the gas
station and this is the dirtiest table
ever so I basically got to hold this
whole time it's like the lunch table
it's pulling everyone's lined up eating
like surprisingly filled me up this was
skateboarding no I'm not I'm going to
film these dudes do some skateboard
I am so sorry dude it started rolling
down the hill you alright
so you guys try to see too much actually
this guy you got a couple closer to two
but we filmed with a full-length for a
long period of time and I'm gonna call
this video quits hope you guys enjoyed
the randomness that went on I'd like to
thank Bertie Braxton one more time with
an avocado John Hill actually died that
sucks
just stop seeing his videos but that's
it thank us watching I'll see you
tomorrow cuz do daily videos and thank
you yeah thank you for coming out you're
welcome yeah region thank you
don't kick I will throw that shoe to
Kingdom comment back no we need to we
need to go this life we need to call 911
one for job later guys
sorry for punching you
can even save Esther you just do is be
funny now I know you said vegetable yeah
okay cool I love you I'm gonna call you
right in Shh sock you're wearing plaid
shorts and a red shirt
he look like me what I wanted to be
comfortable and just and despite what
you thought we were doing this day I
can't talk and just and despite what you
thought we were I can't talk
despite we're skating we're going
skating this y'see look a boba milk tea
is my dream girl so happy we're here
today together what you guys looking at
you just watching your YouTube channel
before that I'm watching a YouTube video
before it happens
Oh were you recording ah
you
