all right I got 20 bucks I'll try to you
technically did that what what where who
why when Carmen Sandiego don't see a
back lip the back lip you about kick me
in the face like anyway it's not on film
but the shoe was right here it was right
here how does this make sense you could
have parked here
how's the bonus clip right there there's
your face though
that was really neat right there that
was cool
it's a green light if I throws banana
peel outside do you think our was
sublime yeah no I've never happened
what happens in our cart so it must
happen in real life if you see me red
shells pop line down the road Thomas Oh
noseblunt that was why I was thinking
front part yeah yeah or both Beth yeah
at the same time that was really dumb
all right he's warming up okay I mean
he's rolling up there he goes he's board
sliding over us to warm up
there you guys go that was some unused
clips from the recent we are revenge
that came out two days ago if you want
to see the actual episode there'll be a
link right at the end of this video I
feel so good that I finally got another
we are avenged yet we aren't doing a
full season this year because we're
filming for our full-length video take
over the world which was supposed to
come out a Black Friday but it's I think
it's gonna come out Valentine's Day now
but it is coming out soon so hang tight
I promise they'll be here before you
know it hope you guys like those random
clips I'll be back tomorrow with another
video because I do daily videos and
you'll see one more we are I mentioned
before the end of the year I promise so
yeah thank you guys for watching get out
there and skateboard and if you don't
skateboard I don't know go do something
today go to something fun or that you
feel good about either way I'm gonna get
out of this chair and I'm actually gonna
put my clothes on and go skateboard
myself
so peace out guys until next time
you
