youtube what is up guys okay I have a
video to feature today it's some really
really really good skateboarding by
fabien doe rig he's a Switzerland
skateboarder he has YouTube channel he's
one of the best combo skateboarders in
the world he's so good so without
further ado watch his footage and enjoy
clumsy guys
boom there you go that was Fabien every
single time he sends me for the drawer I
see footage of them it's just it's
always mind-bending and I've seen him
skating real life he is so so consistent
and good he's really really talented in
fact about this footage another think
about it i don't think i could recreate
this stuff in a video game that is
insane love those of you does is just
mind-boggling i will never be that
talented a technical skateboarding
that's for sure when you can't replicate
the trick you do in a video game you
know you are a very good skateboarder
yeah we guys like that i actually had a
different video set to go up today but
there's a copyright issue at the last
moment and so I'm putting this together
right now I'm actually sitting in a
hotel right now about to go skate for
the day but I want to make sure that you
guys got the videos so if you liked what
you saw there'll be a link to Fabia's
channel right down there please check it
out and then I'll be back tomorrow of
course I have some we are avenged unused
footage which has a really good fall on
it so watch out for that but when I get
back home I leave I get back to
cincinnati tomorrow night i leave and
then i'll be back to doing longer videos
like I usually do I'm just kind of on
the road and making videos as I go so uh
hope you guys like that Thank You Fabien
for send me the footage devil check them
out guy sitting right down there at the
end of this video and that is it I'll
see you guys in the future just
described that that was a few to the
church there's something I say it's not
future few to the chur yeah you need if
you want i'm gonna go i'm gonna go
though look at this john hill he slept
in his bed okay and then when he was
done sleeping and he was like you know
what I'm should take everything I just
slept with and put it into a ball right
here easy have to sleep with it okay
tomorrow tonight just tonight but he
didn't have to deal with that unless the
maid comes in the hotel lady or dude
comes in and faces it will see you
though I'm going goodbye
