what is up guys we are here in Las Vegas
I'm on a street mission okay I came to
the city for like three days in hopes of
landing one trick for my video part but
it's super gloomy super gloom it's
gloomy and windy right now so I'm at JC
Park and I'm gonna film these dudes I
might skate a little bit but no promises
because I want to save my energy for my
trick and hopefully I can try later
today if this wind doesn't stop but this
video
JC part happened right now Doug space
it's cold it's not cold it feels amazing
I'm cold
here's Carlos here's Nigel hi I was
hoping that you're gonna say hey exactly
how far let's go there's Carlos Wow my
voice cracked gosh I can't do this
anymore
I'm done I'm done with everything what
is on your grip debuted I got like a
chocolate shake murder me
good he's go over the whole thing it's
long dude that was the best roll away he
ever could have had that was so awesome
I know you think that was sketchy but
that made it look amazing all right hey
sky get better I like this I like a
person way better
that was good though do it cool I just
lost five bucks I was like 5 bucks first
try there you go thanks 5 dollar bills
these go over the heel flip Wow
well you definitely deserved that $5.00
gosh
just do it
that guy got it he's doing a pop shuvit
Hey Joe is positive eerily on that first
drive and he didn't say that you would
have
we clipped I heard that my deaf hear
these guys for sure yeah bro
then why'd you do it it's like like
midair
high-five yourself you just did it out
of frame all right Carlos is about to
try the most dangerous grind of all time
pretty awesome start
you little you're fine
dude he did it first try he told me what
he's gonna do and I just I thought he
said knows me I'll shove a manual
he said knows me don't shove a nose
manual one more trick or two rapid
others dude I have some talented friends
hey dude you just made a wonderful
escape video thank you before anybody
goes thank you revive I know what I mean
what's the most wisdom what do you want
people to know right now like eat a taco
you know like pay your taxes what do you
want people to know skate so much every
day to where you're not following as
much as I have YouTube what that was way
too much energy sorry guys I was really
ready to do this video what's up guys
yes this is throwback Monday just to say
this because everyone's gonna be like
you already uploaded this bro yes this
is a throwback Monday clip a lot of my
videos got turned off on my channel in
November and YouTube was like sorry this
wasn't supposed to happen to you just
hang tight you know it'll be better in a
few weeks
well that was months ago it didn't
happen so I'm republishing certain
videos that got turned off they weren't
showing up in searches they weren't
showing up and suggestive videos really
and just they were kind of just blank on
YouTube but when I reload them they're
better so here's this video it was a
really fun session with Carlos Lara I
cannot think of a grind more dangerous
than this one literally if you just miss
your hand you're falling face-first
toward whatever you're skating which
does not surprise that Carlos is doing
it he's so so talented and this was a
fun session in general I loved it it was
a good time it makes me wish I was in
Las Vegas with my friends skater right
now but I was just doing that a week ago
so what am I trying to say well I'm
going on way too much I'm home and happy
and I have a new video with my little
guy tomorrow so stay tuned for that and
then where else Wednesday this week is
John Hill it's a really good one but
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this if you
want to see more videos from me just hit
the subscribe button right below the
video you click it with your mouse or
trackpad or your your if you're psychic
do that too and you're starting to see
more so that's it I will see you guys
tomorrow
and you guys have a great day go
skateboard against glorious here in
Cincinnati and I've got to celebrate my
birthday
which is a weird thing it's like I'm
sorry I can't skate it's my birthday it
sucks doesn't it it's not actual my
birthday so I'm just celebrating it you
guys know way too much I'm going goodbye
pretty much eating a taco is the
solution to everything in life like oh
hey my girlfriends mad at me babe here's
a taco she's happy Doug have you ever
eaten a taco yes just one one just one
it sucks it sucks that you just had had
I've had one not the taco didn't subject
you know that's like it's like it's not
me it's you
it's like it's not no it's not the taco
it's you it was him - taco and it sucked
oh my gosh get out of here
