you have a stick YouTube what is up guys
let's start this video out by giving you
a tour of shred quarters I've done we've
done it twice but we've never done it
since we expanded so much so we're going
to take you around you guys know the
shred quarters actual skatepark section
very well we're going to take you around
the distribution side maybe show you
offices but you see this too so we're
really just going to focus on
distribution and then I'm gonna do some
skateboarding afterwards so it'll be a
fun video but right now it's a shred
quarters tour time you have this I'm
ready you're a host I'm a host yeah this
is Kim you're not Kim I got Kim at all
let's just keep going
thanks to you guys who watch our videos
and support us bike riding our product
and doing so much for us we have been
able to expand so thank you so much this
is a late thing and you guys have been
watching the videos you know that we're
in this room already but we've done a
lot of things with the online store that
we kind of want to go over and tell you
guys about while showing you the new
setup all at the same time it's kind of
weird because I don't actually think but
we have a skate shop we do we totally
have an online skate shop in order
listings we have a game show in a skate
shop now that's amazing
it was a fun like that's how I should
like lead with like telling my older
relatives and I'm doing okay in life I
got the game show okay okay I'm Kim but
uh so yeah it's a little crazy in here
it's not gonna be the prettiest but
that's just because we're busy again
thank you go look brigadeiro is like a
pretty we just got in 4d 100 skateboards
right 4141 hundreds 4000 won our state
boards were fully restocked on destroyed
course calm and we'll show you them
board board walls the board's kind of
surround everything it hits happen if
you want to see the graphics just go on
to our online store and actually look at
them but we got some classics this has
been around for like a year right a year
now almost a year like nine months and
it's still doing really well so I think
we're actually gonna redo it 2017
version so come the holidays you'll see
the cat light 2017 this is like Doug's
aisle okay we got three Doug graphics
right here
there's an air carrier graphic that's oh
well okay there's one that Doug looks
like just like it yeah
alright it's probably right here it's
probably we're sold out we're sold out
sold out congratulations Doug but we
just react on errands so get you tiger
next tell us about this deck run around
life wine and make it's a life line
gravity we ever made in revenge and
revive yep brought over and will stay
here forever I created that myself you
did yeah and so uh why created the
concept I might have had Justin redo the
graphic on a slightly tweaked it's been
so many times yeah we got some orders
ready to go out right now let's go back
there before we keep going on the
product that we have we have all this
new space little kitchen area we're in
there Viper buying one we totally should
there's a lot of things when you do we
need to buy new couches for their in
here a fridge but right now we have so
we have if team riders or friends come
and they're like oh what a skateboard or
I was assured this is always free to
take so if you're ever in straight
quarters even if you somehow get into
Trek Wars take from that bin this is the
damage which is literally the same same
bin yes so they like this is ripped it
might be has a little like a little mark
so it's a fine deck but it has a little
mark which might bum out Tommy that
lives in Seattle so we're not going to
sell a deck if it has a little smudge on
it but it's a completely good product so
we have put it there so the team can
grab it
these are where I get my more like paper
yeah exactly and then we got product ah
stuff so when we throw out product and
events to go break through this bin
boxes and packaging materials tons and
tons about tons of them there's a fridge
and a microwave that are okay this is
your little area really crappy really
uncorrect all you like that's your good
or anyone's yeah so I put it up all the
wheels on and all the all shoes that we
put up on the banners on the website and
whatnot anything a shot on white any
much we'll shoot on that it's all right
here I started reading skateboards and
then a year or two down the road I was
like Bryan Ames dude me and he's been my
partner ever since we do all this
together and he used to be a
photographer he still is but now he uses
his talents Brooke you're an idiot
shooting table
so we're come back over here here we
have a table that is a mess but it's a
basic work table we can fold shirts
which is happening right now saber is
editing a video and then apparently
people are leaving a bunch of crap on
the table too I'm a decoration you are a
decoration how much of a family do we
look like we just come in here like oh
this guy's right here doing this and
like we're all we're just uh yeah
there's a credit card with you there's a
credit card with your face on it you've
any idea how many times I've seen that
facial expression on your face
oh my gosh here's the og workstation
which is a mess because we're busy
yeah it's we don't help the situation
Tata's sending some news boards baton
carry time AUSA's decks for him and they
saw it really fast the first time
they're on the trick where's our home
this is the main computer we do shipping
rates print out all the forms which
prints up there
Casey mainly um Brian and I jump in when
we can fill out a personal note for
every single order we always do it first
a little thank you so the water is that
yours okay that's good but this is where
all it happens and then when the orders
are done like being prepped they go over
there to the production table which
we'll get to and that's where they all
go out this is a skate tool wreck and
they sell very well that's why there's
big gaps in it but come fall which is
the Leggett of four five weeks
a new color Bel Canto and you guys
really grab a new tool and a new kind of
tool yeah here's large sizes of shirts
like XL double XL there's someone the
pale shells over there but this is where
we keep a winning space bigger stickers
tons of stickers and a new thing we're
doing is we're actually I'd be releasing
new sticker packs every single season so
every time we release your product
you'll be getting new stickers to
coincide with our BAM grip that's
Dugdale's tells company we send mostly
girls a about four dog but he's the
mastermind behind it he does all the
graphics he doesn't planning and really
for the dudes that make it go somewhere
more skateboards here's some decks
letters from old seasons that are
phasing out so you see these they might
actually be discounted or write any on
the shelves probably discounted are on
sale yeah get four so more for price we
got kicked muscled X which is ninjas
ninjas company right here there's those
ties no sleep team decks that I'll
talking about some of the more poverty
XR right here next to it like splatters
popular Aaron Cairo warrior running over
you you did just run over my foot here
are the wonderful workers Ryan chambers
one time he did a pop shuvit
Elena primo UN a promoter pop shuvit ya
know well we're gonna make cream on top
shutter no that's that that's easy to do
this dude is gonna happen somewhere else
Wednesday it's gonna be the best where
else once am I want to do set video I
want yes you is it's been my friend
since like the dawn of time
and we're gonna definitely make him get
back on a skateboard it's been a little
while we are fortunate to have his help
and his brain here at the strikers comm
did what Wow Wow it just flowed to that
easy here at the Shrek borders Alex was
just here he's part of the team he's the
dude that actually started all of this
YouTube with me I got the idea and I was
like you want to hang out with this he
was a yeah and he's been with me ever
since
he's it I owe him my one of my limbs
he's awesome trucks we have silver we
have feve we have crooks and usually we
have a Ryan they're out of stock right
now this video going up it's Friday
product yeah probably when you're
watching this video later that evening
you'll be able to buy Jason parks
pro-trump oh yeah what it soon say
hopefully it will be a go check the site
it might be up there right now
Oh buddy there if not it's coming Jason
Parks pro model which is awesome shirts
all across this whole thing for force
and revive and and grip and then we have
some hoodies that are over here
socks sunglasses wax right there
basically a bunch of crap oh there's an
accessories thing we got the ear buds
from the holidays which still sell
pretty good don't they yeah they do yeah
so if you want to hear sound put these
in your ear and can hear it there you go
cell phone cases which we still sell
those and then there's another thing a
wax wheel wall wheel wall yeah all the
fourth wheels are right here and then we
also have some bearings from an abscess
juju Bronson what else do we carry is it
that's it those three yep okay here's
the Hat wall got your beanies your five
panels and your snapbacks
all right here for both companies both
hardware bins people love but we're
gonna do it for all this comes right out
we're gonna do a special we're doing a
LAN kinda hunky revival all right
yeah we should disguise that hundred
happen yeah I don't we going it's got a
head the shoe wall look how good this
looks totes amazing uh we're really big
on carrying the brands that have been
with skateboarding human skateboarding
was not cool really that's just soul
tech right now and we're open to
carrying other brands that fit that
criteria but we're very proud to be
selling s america and etnies they've
been the game for so long super nice
dude I myself rep for s so I'm fully
back them griptape table that's where we
cut grip shape we have tons of boxes of
grip tape right here more decks on this
side and then more orders going out
there's a big stack over there there's a
big stack over here so uh we're here
we'll thank somebody Casey Kaufman thank
you Tristan Pazhani thank you John
Hardin thank you from the bottom of our
hearts guys thank you all so much it's
because of you guys that all this is
possible and then we have private skate
park right over there which is a dream
come true pretty awesome yeah so that's
it has the the tour of shredders this is
red cross 2.5 right 2.5 and we've got a
point five one day we may move into our
very own building we rent this place so
we will have like a concrete skate park
there you guys go I hope you guys like
that tour I'm going to continue this
video and feature some skateboarding Sam
vessels right over there I'm going to
film some clips of him and then we go to
the skate park it's really hot outside
but we're gonna try to actually get some
skateboarding done in the heat
I'm not going you word I knew you're not
going if you're gonna go I would give
you a hundred dollars but now you can't
while you're going to college it's like
95 degrees not worth a hundred dollars
oh and there's this guy Casey does a ton
this place we're not wrong the way it
does without this guy and if you're
getting a thank you note it's usually
from this guy
how did he do that
all right I got to go because I want to
get this game part they were all
battling their tricks but Stan's going
to do one a news run because the session
needs it
Wow okay so I let them battle those
manual tricks for a little too long
hopefully I get a decent amount of time
at the skate park today either way to be
fun just to move around so I hope I get
some clothes for you but the important
part is that I'm skateboarding I'm gonna
pack all the stuff up and leave right
now
here's Ryan Bracken's hitting his car
reading Harry Potter as you should be
doing I mean if you could be sitting
your car might as well be reading Harry
Potter skateboard Beechmont Park we be
here look back be on my back something
great is about to happen look look at
him it's not guys look at him take it to
a new car no not give you far I know I'm
just good you do get 40 bucks really
just for cutting your hair you find my
checkbook I probably give you a hundred
yeah 40 bucks just forgot your hair
thanks Andy you look great
tell you Milo skateboard I've never
friends I flipped off of any bump I
don't think I just have my first hit the
other day I'm a late bloomer like an
insanely late bloomer but it goes up
front could be so ugly that I'll do it I
was like how much ice move it all right
like three tries
yeah I did it that was the first one
gosh all right I'm not gonna lie I'm
gonna film my friends or skateboard off
camera so you can skate so you don't
have to film me thank you for filming
okay so that's a bummer
but at least I take you in and it was
like the grossest thing ever but I feel
like if I actually practiced it and had
someone to film me I could get a good
one for you guys either way I'll keep
practicing on or off camera
wha-what was that how are you good
the first trade was awesome bracken oh
that was way better
Patrick's okay you just read an
inspirational meme and you are you're
ready to do this or motivated the line
good job good enough all right I got to
go home we're having Sabre and his wife
over and we're cooking for him so I'm
gonna go the gross store and do a bunch
of adult stuff right whatever my future
wife she invited yes the future get
married by like seven o'clock tonight
dude you better be there with hi I'm
coming I and I'll be mad that I didn't
go to the what does even really adult
like you know I've been actually feeding
myself my whole life believing right but
that is it guys hope you guys dug this
video I'll be back tomorrow with we are
avenged 61 finely tuned in that's it
peace out
say bye oh my god revenge fist Yvonne
yeah are you being sarcastic no okay
good
are you know you're excited yeah alright
then we could leave out robot
that was beautiful
yeah we're done here how's the phone
slip or just done or are we yeah
