oh yeah I took to a service I don't know
if it's like a mileage thing is at
35,000 also the batteries are charged Oh
miss perfect okay cool so my day started
out amazing I didn't get my card in the
shop battery died and it's not taking a
charge so I'd have to jumpstart it every
time I went anywhere I also did an
inspection like a basic inspection and
they can't take my car at my shop until
Thursday morning which is two days from
now so I rented this car for today and
tomorrow it was a knowing way to start
my day because it just lost like an hour
and a half worth of work but uh I'll
good I'm gonna get more coffee because I
need that I didn't get to finish my
existing coffee which I got this morning
then I want to go to work okay that's
what's happening right now I do want to
point out that this car has the best
spot for a camera it just stays there
it's not moving around at all it's
awesome so this is the first time that
I've rented a car like in Cincinnati
I've never needed a car just for like my
everyday life okay here we go
nobody go find a big bump in the road
launch the car off it not actually
happening but that'd be fun right maybe
it could be actually horrible how was
your morning been bright names good
how's your great did your workday start
at 10 o'clock no my turn at 7:45 yeah
cuz you're smart well because you have a
battery pretty much you have a car
battery um I'm gonna go to my office
okay cool that's my computer monitor
over there isn't it Oh finally I'm at
yes that was pretty stupid way to sit
down I made a list today guys I have to
write checks to team members I always
pay my writers things you go really well
with the company so I give that back to
the skateboarders of course I need to
pay bills he'll be asking me for money
and I'm like fine you can have it I have
a video I have a new camera a video
going up later today which I need to
finish editing and upload then we have a
meeting with FedEx and they're bringing
freakin food okay I'm on a diet
all right my lunch is this big usually
and they're bringing in Olive Garden so
I'm getting a soup and some salad and I
probably won't eat all that so I'm sorry
FedEx for wasting a little bit of food
they wouldn't let me order justice -
I'll save it and I'll take it home ok
I'm not sure I'm not gonna waste it
that's a bad thing then I gotta film
warehouse Wednesday that goes up
tomorrow and I'm gonna start editing
where else
any time in my workday after that I'm
going to sort we want revenge eclipses
because that comes out to this weekend
while I'm filming this oh my gosh I also
have company stuff to do I've got it we
got to talk about fall force launch and
we guys know about winter revive and it
does not end a lot of work I really wish
I did not start late but while I'm doing
a lot of this work I'm gonna let you
guys watch this session from a Hollywood
high a lot of people had cameras on this
session so you if you've been paying
attention to other YouTube channels you
probably have seen these tricks but
here's my angles of it it was a crazy
session enjoy
say but it's awesome it's insane
okay okay is it time I think it's time
okay why are you all this with it okay
so it's like three hours later I've been
doing an insane amount of paperwork and
then we had a lunch meeting with FedEx
and good news for everyone in Canada but
you guys don't know if I own and operate
revive skateboards and force wheels with
Bryan Ames he's my partner in crime and
all this we also have a online skate
shop called the shred course calm and
everybody who orders Canada rates just
got cheaper for skateboards so if you
were skateboarders on our online store
or anything that shipping is a little
cheaper but first ask your skate shop to
carry us that's the first thing we want
I'm about to film aware else Wednesday
with this guy I was gonna do it myself
when I'm getting a headache now so maybe
I'll be next week I don't know are you
ready notice I just think a little
longer so to video if you watch my
channel you know what where else
Wednesday is a little funny tidbit is
that I get the idea for pretty much
everything right before the episode I
don't put too much thought into it so
the entrance where we kick down the door
and go out that's on the spot thought oh
and then a challenge to this is what I
came up with we're gonna throw this a
brine Ames and then he's gonna shielded
by a telepathic bed that doesn't make
sense we're doing a practice go for the
vlogger so what I'm gonna hit you do it
snappy though okay so as soon as he over
there yeah but you got it watch it okay
yeah if you guys get the timing wrong
you're gonna have to take this your face
it'll be dry in like two seconds
okay all right cool I got I got a camera
square help your way oh my gosh get back
inside all right ready where else
Wednesday I'm gonna throw this at you
okay so I am finally out the door and my
list did not get completed and amongst
this chaos this came in for thousands of
skateboards Brian 4140 100 so we
restocked on a lot of sizes on the
strikers comm if there's a deck that you
guys have wanted check right now to see
if it's written sock because weary up
done most of our stuff yep
and I'm sorry that I was not able to
help but thank you for everything you do
don't worry Ronnie I'm just goodbye
please guys I'll see you tomorrow
morning okay so it is like 3/3 and I got
to get it home to relieve the babysitter
these guys are about out of here too and
I am in a Dirk chef but yes the workday
is done
everyone should be going home there in a
second I really hope tomorrow is it more
normal workday because I did not get as
much it as done as I needed to and to
top it off I have a headache right now
and I've got to upload a video in 13
minutes and that is not gonna happen I'm
gonna be a few minutes late but I think
the world would keep rotating I think
we'll be all right but I'm gonna get
home and see my little do I always miss
so going home is the best
hey how was your day okay trying to get
your your blanket just me and you
tonight mom's working late I know
what do you eat for dinner maybe
broccoli with milk on it but I need to
edit this video pronto not edit I lied
to you I need to get it online uploaded
it's processing which I'm doing right
now but after I get this all set I'm
gonna go play with this dude yeah
whoa you got some playing done in here
today didn't you oh my gosh talk about a
traffic jam there's like every car is on
the road everyone's at your party that's
why they're parked there all parked in
the road may be hard to drive you were
going somewhere else
I'd make it go yep oh wow it's going
that worked out pretty it worked out
pretty well
we're slammer dude go get him go get him
go go go go go go get him go get him you
got him now
it is the full ghostbusters firehouse
cuz it's not the firehouse without
Slimer right all right you hit the
switch ridin don't you wish we could do
that in our house now the awesome
Windham
it is dinner time I'm gonna make this
little guy wherever he is now some food
yeah you and I'm gonna cook some peppers
the best peppers in the world are Co
peppers okay you cook them put soy sauce
and hot sauce on the other big ratings
ever they didn't have those in the
grocery store so I'm gonna experiment
sweet mini peppers which they're not
that sweet don't think they're like that
sweet sweet but they taste good but I'm
not a terrible soy sauce and hot sauce
these and I'm gonna cook them on the
stove so let's see how these turn out
fire pan a little bit of oil man peppers
salt pepper shake it around cover it
keep that heat inside flip this around
soy sauce get it all up in that hot
sauce and that is pretty much it and
dinner for you sir hey good why do you
think so you're growing dude you have to
eat a bunch and so yeah I'm your snack
and um pepperoni hummus and then these
peppers that's it that's my dinner
getting flying moment
we're not good so she go peppers are a
thousand times better but this is a
pretty good substitute Kroger please
stock pseudo peppers get them back in
stock in the meantime to eat these I'm
gonna eat you pepper we're good do
alright that's it for this video guys so
what I kind of thought I might redo my
videos a little bit and sibron since I
had the Hollywood footage that I
featured instead of just uploading that
I'm gonna start like building around
them and adding more to it so you get a
longer video and you get some lifestyle
stuff out and do it in life so if you
like that idea to give this video a
thumbs up and I will keep on with this
but either way I'm gonna keep making
videos every single day so if you want
to see more from me hit that subscribe
button and I'll see you guys tomorrow
now I got to do dishes okay that's the
worst thing about cooking is that you
got to clean afterwards so actually
here's a helpful thing okay if your
mom's cooking and you want to go out to
a restaurant or something I'm gonna give
you some tip to try to sway her to you
shouldn't say mom come on
then this give me the all those dishes
and you really deserve a night off from
cooking like you know you deserve a nice
meal that you didn't have to prepare
yourself okay she's probably gonna be
like you know causing moment at that
moment just say how I told you you look
beautiful today you really do is it'll
be in the back I'm just I'm just saying
it'll be in the back that's it I will
see you guys tomorrow say goodbye Ryden
bye bye
I love you
that's pitch perfect I did Charizard
