YouTube what is up guys what are we
doing today right colonel
no that's what you're doing he's playing
with a quarter but what did dad say we
were doing we're doing a box no we're
opening up I guess isn't unboxing I
usually think like a box of a bunch of
stuff that people send me but yeah we're
unboxing a new camera I just got I'm
gonna go get it I'm really excited it's
been a while since I've had a different
type of camera and he's excited too I've
been shooting on a Canon t3i or t5i for
years now
well I got this I'm not gonna tell you
when you'll get it talk to him long gone
okay tell them about what what you're
feeling good we must not be aimed at
what I'm dad explode example come on you
can help us what you had a bad dream
last night you had a dream a bad dream I
thought you said a really bad dream
Marley Blackie let have what kind of bag
yeah okay I don't know what he said but
I hope it was entertaining here it is
this is the sony a7s - okay this is a
full frame sensor mirrorless camera I
got the chance to mess with one of these
in California actually wasn't this one
it was like one of the more less
expensive cameras like as you say so I'm
not a worried that what I just said I
don't know what exactly model it was
this right here I know is a good camera
so I've been talking to Nigel Alexander
you'll probably see him messing around
one of these he just got one too but I'm
excited the one I was messing with her
like it was so dark where we were and
you'd look in the camera and it would be
just so well lit it was awesome so I'm
excited to get this it does do 4k it
does for HD 1080 I'm just reading all
the specs on this it's a 35-millimeter
full-frame 12.2 megapixels get this iso
100 to 102 thousand 400 that's insane 5x
is steady shots
X
true finder which I don't know what
means but uh we're gonna open this up
and we're gonna take a look at it I've
got some lenses here I will eventually
do a camera test not gonna do in this
video I'm purely just opening up and
we're gonna look at it see how it feels
and handles so let's do this are you
ready I think we'll already back what
hello what a dad you think we're all
ready okay all right we're all what does
happy in a - oh it is the eggs have an S
you okay yeah let's open it up oh so I
had to like especially order this I
that's fine okay here is a lot first
things first we open it up it's got a
nice little compartment for all the
papers that no one ever uses but there
is a warranty in here so make sure you
hang out of that because you know if
something breaks right away they'll
usually fix it yeah it's got a bunch of
stuff are you thinking weird face here
so when something goes wrong with your
camera I have these papers don't just
live away
all right now the main thing this is
what it looks like on the next
department okay it looks like the body
is in here it's got the strap little
compartment with other stuff so let's
dig in first things first you might grab
that strap Ryden yeah this you know what
I would like to know who uses these
things other than like dads that go on
family trips and take pictures or
everything because I am never ever used
a camera strap in my life they're always
really good quality like this is a good
strap you know so it's trapped on your
camera you'd hold it on your neck so you
don't lose your camera the way I film
that could have hurt me right in my past
in the whoa do not throw that Lee you
are not Indiana Jones give me that back
okay so I'm just going to throw this
with the other hundreds of straps that I
probably had over the years I haven't
had hundreds of cameras understand I
have a bunch of them I could do this but
this is this is the fun one this is the
camera itself let's put the Box down for
okay this is it it comes in this thing
there's like paper bag okay so here it
is it's heavy for the size it's a little
heavy
not heavy into the factory you're gonna
like get a tire holding it but for the
size of the thing it feels heavier than
it looks but honestly it kind of makes
me cite because I feel like with the
weight on it like this is a good machine
you know it's not it's not cheap it was
$3,000 it feels kind of heavy duty which
I like it's kind of funny because my
inspiration was a act to get an actual
camcorder you know like I thought it has
a handle I could have put like a big
fish eye on and then Nigel talked to me
about this and I went up with this
instead I didn't do a lot of research
into this is that a foot on my shoulder
um I just knew that I liked this camera
I read reviews on it and it's really
really really cool what impressed me so
it's got your basic stuff on it there's
on and off switch right here your mode
switch on this ring this is like kind of
strange me I've been shooting on Canon
for so long we got a play button down
here you got a trash can you got a
little select ring with a button here
that's gonna be your main button but
it's all easy to get to you know like
all your hand you know your fingers can
reach all this stuff pretty easy let's
see if this comes out oh that's weird
that's a bummer the LCD screen only
comes out a little bit I'm used to the
canons that kind of pull out and I can
turn them around so that's gonna take
some getting used to
I might not film a lot of skating with
this I might just do like pretty shots
where long lens shots and then stick to
fisheye filming with my other camera I
don't know we'll see I may I might fall
in love with this and it's gonna change
my mind the fact that it doesn't the LCD
screen doesn't come out and I can just
like see it when I'm looking down
because look at it so if I was looking
down this is pointed down that's the
only way you can go and I was filming I
couldn't be able to see what else
filming so that's a bummer but I'll get
used to it don't test it out and see how
I feel about it
but let's go back into here there's more
you want to grab that I don't know
that is oh that's a charger again and
what is this I'm an idiot and I don't
actually know what all this stuff does
that's right we shouldn't call ourselves
idiots okay hey everybody I love you but
I hate saying that because everybody
Internet's gonna know it is like that's
this but you know that no batteries go
in there which I need to order more
batteries but somebody says about HDMI
so that clips on the camera and it says
HM I'll so we'll see cut the battery
charger and then in here Oh a wall plug
you get it you get it
Oh tuck that is the actual battery
actually and then we've got this oh my
gosh does it really it comes with two
batteries and is amazing no camera has
ever came with two batteries I'm gonna
order a bunch more of these but that is
sweet yeah yeah
so what and that was a USB cord to
charge it a wall put an end to batteries
gosh I'm excited about that I'm gonna
order more um so what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna take these lenses out all
right so what do I do is I'm gonna put
some of these lenses on it um here is a
18 to 55 oh they didn't have go that's
the battery in the battery charger right
yeah okay then I also have the ultra
wide converter which to use that I have
to have this 16 millimeter that goes on
it so you put them together then you put
it on there you have an ultra wide-angle
so it's kind of fish ie
it's a little less extreme and not
Angela stalking me also know there's a
search of a lot about cameras and he
city really likes it so I can't wait to
get my hands on so cool what's switch
over to having some lens on these things
on this guy all right here's the 18 to
55 it's silver which is kind of funny
because the cameras black if I could
have gotten black one but I know I was
feeling so I got this it's uh no
everything is Sony feels a little more
heavy-duty than I'm used to uh it has a
good feel to it let's put it on just
kind of sound like that let's get it on
zon which we're stopping there
quick Oh Joe okay so battery thing is
down on the bottom as it is with my
other camera now I gotta set it up okay
English Wow looks what it looks really
sharp there's camera camera camera freak
inception look at my kid so yeah it's on
autofocus which I will fix in the menu
but it's pretty cool so far the 18 to 55
is a really good standard long ones lens
feel smooth - which is the biggest thing
with me wasn't too expensive I think
they were on about $300 but I got this
one like used but like new for like a
hundred and sixty and it was a good deal
but it slow smooth it feels great and
there's no stutter in the zoom you know
I've got a nice pan and zoom in at the
same time so with people rolling away
for skate tricks make it look oh nice
that'll be cool let's switch over to
that ultra wide-angle to see how that
looks there we go alright t-rex hold on
wow that's awesome
this is just like my fish I pretty much
I cannot wait to try this out skating
gosh I like it I like this a lot okay so
bummer on the LCD screen but everything
else I'm really really impressed with so
far I'm gonna shut this off because I'm
for the battery's about to die
this can make some really really really
good looking stuff so I'll probably make
some more polished YouTube videos with
this I'll definitely keep my using my
teapot eyes here and there but I'm
really excited about this I'll do a
video test here soon and watch out for
it and I'm getting plastic wrap oh
you're squishing my nose right you are
suppose about us okay okay stop
ah but that is it guys I hope you guys
dug that video and thank you for
watching I'll be back tomorrow I do
daily videos and I gotta clean up I'm in
a mess unboxing all that stuff and I
gotta go cook
here we go door short and get gross and
get ingredients for dinner because its
my anniversary we celebrated it by a
date a few nights ago but I'm still
gonna cook for on the actual day of the
anniversary that's what I'm doing
hope you guys have a good one bye God
can you get tickled upside down
god I don't want to take thing oh did
you take one out and put the other one
in what thank you you're my battery guy
aren't you I read you needy put a
battling deaf teeth my huh
I will absolutely use your help I love
you I love you any of the cold that's
Gordon
