and riding do you like corn on the cob
yeah
cool John Hill says he's gonna front
three this
you look you look like you have a
construction hat on okay I look funny
but it looks like I straight-up have
Bryan Ames head on stick when I hold
Olay it's terrifying it is it's pretty
terrifying is 8:20 the morning and I'm
gonna try to predict what happens when I
tell Brian Ames that I got four and a
half hours sleep what do you think is it
that's exactly that sucks man I think
gamers what do you think is gonna say
that really sucks
that really sucks you think is gonna
just throw really he's probably just a
cool favored all right whatever if you
you get twenty bucks if he adds a really
bright names I got four and a half hours
of sleep
are you filming doing loving your
cellphone that's what that's what your
say yes Brian chambers just did not have
a super disappoint you just made brian
chambers lose 20 bucks how'd you you're
gonna come you were supposed to wait a
minute Casey and I thought you said that
sucks and I thought well I'm either way
new video just uploaded to the channel
nearly no yeah you gotta watch the video
and find out oh my
whoo I got a new skateboard people look
at this there it is
what do you gotta tell snapchat hey God
don't get your one eye
and a real life Ghostbuster
yes
Oh Thomas you have a good shirt on but
Bryan's is way better did you know that
yeah your face is so close hey scared
that was really good and almost hit me
in the face I know well I meant to
almost hit you and I Omo and I did that
successfully I got these things I've got
I thought it was a light bulb it was it
was not it didn't scare you at all no oh
there's nothing she's done what those
are strong
YouTube what is up guys I have two
things to tell you okay actually
probably one two things but two points
is my point let's let's just keep going
why do I always have an ETA on my head
buddy
you always put Nene right on my head yes
I have a snapchat if you didn't notice
by some of those vertical videos I have
a snapchat my name is Andy schrock SC
it's right here on the screen go and me
or follow me or whatever you call it and
yeah my child doesn't have a shirt on he
doesn't shorts on so that's pretty cool
huh I've been doing it it's it's I was
super stubborn to jump on the snapchat
baby
can I have my head back I was super
hesitant to jump on the snapchat least
snapchat of some like I'm 80 years old I
was super hesitant to like you know do
the whole snapchat thing and then I
realized that I was the very last person
that that didn't do it so I'm probably
doing it go ahead and follow me if you
want you guys can see my story right now
and I might open in the future where you
guys can actually like send us up to me
and I can respond to what not we'll see
how that goes though I'm just kind of
like slowly entering snapchat world but
also this video is at 3:30 a.m. Eastern
Standard Time but I'm actually uploading
during the day now yesterday I did two
videos and then today I'm all suited to
videos coop so there'll be another video
later today it's I've been doing it for
o'clock Eastern Standard Time so figure
out wherever you are in the world but uh
I'm just testing it out and I want you
guys to know who are ready they're at
3:30 a.m. to see my videos that they
will eventually stop being at 3:30 I
might not do it tomorrow at 3:30 but
that's it hope you guys like a little
montage of randomness right and eat your
SpaghettiOs Mario Mario SpaghettiOs and
that's it guys thank you guys for
watching I will see you uh in about 12
and a half hours with a new video he
already ate his carrots just so you
don't think that I only fed him
SpaghettiOs boy every type of voice he
has it all
I love you you're shirtless wonder week
everywhere he'll say I love you too
eventually don't worry about it
