hey this is john yaegar i am from Europe
Switzerland and I'm in my local skate
park right now Oh basically I'm trying
to learn a new trick today that hasn't
been done yet I just looked it up on the
internet on YouTube and I couldn't find
it it's a fakie dolphin heelflip thank
you forward heel flip fakie dolphin
he'll flip and that's what we gonna try
today trick challenge alright this is
going to be the first try of the day
this trick is kind of sketchy kind of
dangerous because you can get credit
carded really fast so it's always a
matter of commitment new district oh
yeah first drive today Becky dolphin
here
all right facebook then it's always a
good number number five try to land on
it for commitment let's go
Oh
this trick is weird it feels like super
cool and super strange at the same time
the trick is way harder than I expected
it to be hopefully this is not gonna
take me too many tries
right now we know why the street is an
NBD it's way to hard learning district
feels like learning hop shallots when
you choose our skateboarding it's
frustrating and I just hit my
really bad okay that was commitment
I lost it I'm getting closer what about
trying a trade triple sleep on the way
back there we go
no oh so close
right I'm sweating it's because of all
these mountains there's a insane
humidity in Switzerland and it makes it
even harder to lend a drink this trick
Dalton he'll fakie right now
Oh Johnny ah
oh wow thank you great almost died
finally I Lana did but I just checked
the footage and I know I gotta redo it
because the filmer cut off my lord well
thats whats redo it he's the man who
missed it she's in case that you guys
know he's the man it was not my fault
who I real and Dave and it was sketchy
so I gotta do it one more time
finally landed it the way I wanted to
land it thanks Lucas for filming me we
had some controversy but in the end it
was all good thank you guys so much for
watching this video you want to
subscribe to my channel click on my
precious hair and you'll be subscribed
to a non-us skate channel with someone
who has an accent yeah Jackson you heard
right so if you want to keep me doing
what I do subscribe to my channel I have
some day in the laughs on it I have some
trick tips on it I have a lot of weird
tricks and an bd's possibly whatever you
guys want to see so thank you guys so
much for watching all right you guys
heard him subscribe to Johnny he's on
her vibe he's a good friend and he's a
really really good skateboarder he makes
a lot of cool videos so definitely check
him out hit that subscribe button on his
channel the link is right there I also
do daily videos here myself to click my
link if you want to see more from me but
that's it check out Johnny and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
