YouTube what is up guys I have a very
important question for you but I'm gonna
wait to the end of this video first I'm
going to open up this package right here
is for riding it is from Shay a skate
camp at Ollie skate park I have a four
year old storming at me I heard the
thunderous footsteps so let's open this
but then I gotta talk to you guys the
end of this video so stay tuned what do
you think's in this things for you do
you think you deserve it he did just
clean his playroom but that's not that's
more like a chore that he should keep up
with what she does it's not a big thing
so we'll let him have this surprise from
Shane he's at skate camp remember when
you went to all a skatepark to skate him
well the week after that Shay was there
and he gave me that to give to you that
was nice and wasn't it here oh man oh
wow okay I did check this to see what
was in it but I did not read the letter
so I'll read the letter to York I don't
know read the letter first he says yo
ride and I hope that you like this paper
fingerboard
I just spoiled it for riding I tried to
make it as close to your actual
skateboard it features area by dug
zombie deck which you have don't you it
also has my own grip tape company called
advantage that's a good name for a grip
tape company did you just lick the
camera you just take your tie on it okay
we can do it you also get a pencil flat
bar my gosh she hooked you up with some
homemade fingerboarding gear sorry that
my handwriting isn't the best I wrote
this in the car he did excellent for
being in the car I might add PS I like
tacos and nachos okay shave is on top of
life right now this is amazing you can
pull it out put it on the dog you got a
both one go okay whoa just reading the
note I heard paper finger board I wasn't
expecting much but this is pretty
awesome look at that that is sweet we
got to tighten the chucks a little bit
but this is like really he's got grip
tape on there some advantage grip tape
right and then he made a flat bar out of
a pencil haha this is super cool this is
here what do you think about this I
think
look at mama sticker that I have on it
it does ha ha ha
that is pretty cool you have like a
milkshake sticker right where the
zombies handin is and che totally rocked
it on there and I think the emblems on
yeah there's a lot of stuff like this is
really cool
hey dude wait that is the world all
right well I'm gonna tighten these
trucks a little bit and we're gonna
skate we're gonna mess with it okay
we're in escape what you get the tool
okay oh let's figure more told you you
do not have one what go get one we're
gonna tighten this out a little bit it's
getting way better he's gonna skate like
a dream all right ready
you want do the first trick oh my gosh
you like really nail that you're gonna
do it Wow I don't think anyone always
that that high end and out of my
fifty-guinea haha the buddy that was
your first your first finger your legit
finger board boardslide
what's your shiny red challenge me I
like a 50 but okay that'd be very easy I
miss it that was not a nollie that was
like a three flip oh I love you love it
ollie is just where you jump how do you
feel ally you didn't this is what it is
watch switch 500 switch nosegrind fails
mmm Oh keep it from plunge you see that
switch bluntslide I've done my tricks
for today please make pop shuvit you did
a pop shuvit heck yeah you might do
another one hmm I think you just a
three-foot
what do you think bagel you think it was
a three flip yeah here it is this is
homemade fingerboard gear for the rail
he used she looks like two pencils and
he just glued them together that worked
out super good you do this at home the
fingerboard is a lot of paper and tape
and then he put grip tape there and he
attached some tech deck trucks to it and
he printed some small stickers out for
this board it's insane how small they
are how good they look so Jay from skate
fesses always skatepark gave this a ride
and I just wanna say thank you very much
this is a really cool homemade
fingerboard gear and we'll have some fun
with it right now I handover to you it's
totally all yours now this makes me feel
happy I'll blows in a bunch thank you
for watching
yeah okay well it was very nice her to
make for you it wasn't it I hope you
guys dug a little unboxing and I rival
enough we actually have another video
tomorrow where I got a new camera so I'm
gonna be unboxing things so sorry this
week is just starting out with just
riding and eye-opening things up but
hope you guys are entertained by it
nonetheless
so I'm actually doing something a little
different on my channel I'm it's a lot
of people wonder why I upload the middle
of the night yeah a few years back I
tested out a lot of different upload
times and in the middle of the night
worked out really great for me I think
it was just like when people woke up the
video is right there the top of their
list because no one else was uploading
the mill tonight but I haven't
experimented too much with it in the
since then and YouTube like the
algorithms all those stuff has change so
I'm gonna try doing my videos during the
day now including today so you're gonna
get two videos today and I'm just gonna
see how it goes okay I just wanted to
tell you about this and I might even
tomorrow night at 3:30 I might have some
other random video just to kind of say
hey I'm doing my videos later in the day
so yeah I just wanted to forewarn you
okay it's gonna be somewhere in the
middle of the day here Eastern Standard
Time so if your video whatever you comes
out maybe late at like 12 hours or so
around then maybe 12 hours and 13 14
hours from what it used to upload oh
this video along with all of my other
videos for years and years I upload at
3:30 a.m. I did not wake up at the mill
a night if I was sleeping although 3:30
a.m. is in a completely appropriate time
to be awake that night time is the best
but I scheduled my uploads because I am
often asleep at 3:30 a.m. but now I'm
going to be doing it I'm in the middle
of the day so it'll probably like 12
hours later like 3:30 p.m. or
wherever you are used to me uploading
it'll be about 12 13 14 hours later I
just want to give you a heads up to get
used to my videos are always coming
every single day and on top of this I
want to get your input I just wanted to
know what your favorite type of video
that I do is so go down there in the
comments and tell me what your favorite
videos that I do and just kind of want
to hear your feedback I don't do that
often enough that is all leave the
comments and get ready for a different
upload time and if I do switch back to
this you know I'll let you know well
I'll keep you guys updated but thank you
guys for watching my videos it means a
whole lot and he thanks you too uh he's
in a lot of my videos these days and we
have a lot of fun making them so that's
it I hope you guys have a great day I
will see you in about 12 13 14 hours
with another upload that's it guys write
and say bye bye
I was super innocent are you innocent ha
that was kind of cute he's a little bit
right though he's a punk sometimes I
love you
oh my god I'm fine hon what head with a
sort with a hot stormtrooper on okay
back up we'll pull this thing out
we'll find it everywhere he's out in
here which means somewhere in this room
which means he could be anywhere we're
lucky he was up here I love you
you
