YouTube what's up guys so I did a video
5 easy to learn flip tricks and it got
me thinkin okay I was like I should do a
5 easy to learn slides because when
you're starting skating it's kind of
hard to do a solid ollie and you know
after your ollie down you want to learn
more tricks ok so I'm gonna teach you
tricks that if you have a decent I can
okay Ollie or darling in some instances
you can learn these tricks really easy
and get used to sliding on your board
because it's way different than rolling
around and doing flip tricks you know
with sliding and the just a feeling of a
rail or ledge as you're going across it
it's way different and it takes some
getting used to so here are five tricks
that I think you should start with when
skating a Ledge or a rail alright so the
first one is of course a forward slide
alright all of these tricks you should
have an ollie
you know like just be able to pop your
ollie somewhat but a boardslide is a
kind of trick where you just kind of do
a pop and get on okay especially if it's
low like this don't learn anything where
you don't actually ollie into your trick
okay get used to ollie because once you
start skating bigger obstacles you're
going to want this and I'm going to kind
of give you an overview of all these
tricks if you really want to want to see
how to do individual tricks that I'm
talking about look them up on YouTube
Braille has a lot of great tutorials I
have some myself so there's a lot of
good information out there so the
boardslide is when you're sliding just
like this on a rail okay you can do out
ledges - I prefer it on a rail you can
do an ollie with your back facing the
rail this is a backside boardslide and
you're just going to aim your front
truck over the rail land on it and slide
and roll away alright when you're
learning you
don't have to Ollie as high as an
obstacle looks you're just going to do a
little pop get on it and slide
see how I was doing lazy Ollie's I was
just kind of getting up on there it
really is that easy to learn the biggest
issue with this trick is you got to get
used to sliding okay this will be the
first trick you learn where you're
sliding across the rails get used to it
vibe it out and be careful you can
easily slip out and like hit your back
you slip out where the board goes behind
you you'll probably already just get
your legs in front of you but just be
careful and test the waters and if it's
sticking and you're jumping forward a
little bit of whack slow as hell pareo
don't do too much because if you
actually out it will work wonders but
that's it like I said make sure you're
learning how to ollie on these because
then you'll be able to do it on bigger
opportunity the next up is no slide
we're gonna ollie up kind of like a
boardslide but instead of sliding here
you're gonna slide on your nose go
figure and you're going to kind of hit
it in alright
do not make a habit smashing into your
nose slides Ollie into these it will
make the rest of your skating end no
sides
way better okay so you're gonna Holly
and just it's really easy because you
hit anywhere this range and it's going
to like the momentum is going to push it
into a nose slide put your weight on it
and just slide it's so easy once you get
the hang of it it's really fun too so
I'm go ahead and show you a couple of
these and then I'll talk about a little
bit more
alright there's really not much more to
say about this you know if you really
want to learn the circuit having trouble
with it look up a video like I said but
you know do your ollie and put pressure
on the nose and slide on it now when you
get to the ends turn back to regular or
fake if you want to but keep rolling
it's that easy super fun trick and never
gets old I've been doing it entire time
skating and I've always loved this trick
100% okay they say that right
everything's lit on fire no slides are
on fire
who all right Sonali tell sighs you're
going to have to do an ollie this is one
of the tricks that make sure you know
I'm going to keep saying that this whole
video but you don't actually it's kind
of like a boardslide where you don't
have to pop a solid or tall nollie to
get into this trip you kind of just tap
your nose and then guide your tail on to
the ledge
okay and then once you're there you can
stand up on it and it becomes a much
more solid feeling trick and it's really
easy to stand on and just slide for a
long period of time
all right so that's the normally tales
slide and if you're having problems with
it I say practice your Knollys okay
because once you get those it just aims
it right into it I'm telling you how to
do this trick because a regular
tailslide you really have to be precise
and aim and get your tail in the right
spot it's easy to go to five-oh it's
easy to overshoot and go to lipslide
with an OE tail slide it tends just to
get right on the ledge and you just
stand there and slide they're super fun
I think a tail slug looks a little
cooler but not my tail so it's a good
trick to learn and you can do big spins
out pretty easy it's just it's a good
one
good luck with that okay so the next one
is like a no-tell side and it's actually
way easier though it's the nollie
lipslide and this is a really cool
looking trick so you're gonna do a
nollie maybe that's a porter side but
it's actually lipslide because the back
truck is going over the rail first
okay so nollie up to lipslide and then
once you get in it actually feels really
similar to a lipslide which is different
it looks a lot like the boardslide but
they do feel different and not only lip
sides are one of the funnest tricks in
skateboarding all these tricks are
really fun actually I just realize a lot
of the easy tricks to learn they're
super fun so not only is going to not
only get up on left side stand up and
roll away because I don't know do I need
to explain why you should roll away
because it's fun all right
so there you go that's the NOI lip and
like all these tricks it's really easy
to get on an obstacle that's higher than
then you think you can nollie up to just
the way the trick works and you not only
it throws your board up immediately so
it's easier to do a nollie lip on a
taller rail than you're used to be
careful to especially what you get on a
handrail because it's really easy to set
so if you're trying to know lip a rail
and your truck hits your legs going over
and you're just gonna just sack but
nobody wants it and then I mean maybe
except for like Steve oh that guy
actually wouldn't want that but I'm just
saying okay don't sack be aware of what
you're doing it on and be careful but
it's fun
I'm just saying worse at this point the
last trick is the hardest of these
tricks it's a frontside lipslide okay
beware it is a board breaker
it is especially on lower things it's
very easy to crack a deck any deck
when I was younger I cracked several
companies decks within the first day or
two just because of lipslides once you
get them they're a lot of fun and it'll
open your skateboarding into a lot of
different things okay so what you're
going to do is you're going to ollie up
a regular out and you're going to press
down on your nose and turn the board so
your back truck goes over the rail and
you land in a sliding motion like this
okay it's good to take a second get used
to if you try it on something very low
be aware about the board thing if you
tried on something very and too tall
you're going to hit your back truck and
your Lego fly over I mean you're
probably Bolin second if you sat on a
rail just off the ground you need to do
some training in life okay these that'd
be an actually be impressive I commend
you if you do that but uh but once you
do it you know your ollie do the twist
motion and if you press down a little
bit it makes the trucks come up higher
get on your lip slide okay it's a lot of
fun it'll open the world to tailslide
that motion will be the same thing for
tail slides except you Gator press down
a little bit on the tail more that once
the same way backside lipslides do this
motion only turn in the other direction
it'll just open up a lot for you okay
I'm going to show you a few of these
talked a little bit about it but if it's
tough don't worry you'll but once you
get it it'll be second nature and it's a
really good thing to learn but there's a
lip side I'm sorry if I made that out
sound really hard if you have a solid
ollie
I should have started with this it is
not hard okay you just need to worry
about breaking your board he's going to
come down like kind of softly but if you
have a solid ollie it's really not that
hard especially if you're the front side
one-eighty really well it's an easy
trick it absolutely belongs in this list
but if you don't have a solid ollie
I would focus on that before moving on
to this trick but just like that you
know like really push your nose down and
swing your tail over and get used to
landing on it and it's it'll you'll be
doing a long time and you'll be addicted
when I learned this trick it was like my
favorite trick for so long it's a really
fun trick I know I've said I'm a broken
record about all these tricks but I love
them all and they're easier than most
tricks to learn so have fun with them
I'll try to think about other five
easiest tricks maybe I'll do grinds next
but I hope you guys enjoyed that video I
hope it helped out some of you if it
didn't or you disagree I'm sorry it's
just life you know some people would
think these are hard some people think
they're easy most people would agree
that they're there among the easier ones
know so thank you guys for watching how
do you daily videos here on YouTube so
hit the subscribe button if you want to
see more that's it subscribe or die die
it's been a while we just told so many
people to die
then wait when you're just creepy you're
not even pointing at yourself
but don't actually die but subscriber
now but don't die that make sense yes
you have her like three year-olds
watching my video so I got to say that
nowadays I gotta say don't die dying is
bad but if you're old enough to you
understand what I'm saying subscriber
nice old video game NES check in ever
this guy help me film thank you you have
a channel and is right down there yeah
you post like halo videos yeah it's kind
of weird actually but you skateboard too
so that's nice
bxr that like button porkchop the
subscribe button VXR is that halo talks
that's how I thought oh I'm leaving but
his channels down there
