I don't 162 no way today
rules okay we are going to Sony Studios
they invited us to do like a private
tour thing we're gonna go see a lot of
cool stuff I don't know how much I'm
gonna be able to film but I'm gonna
bring you guys along and hopefully I'll
be able get some cool content as well
everybody like if any of these channels
are probably to have so much cool
footage from this footage and then we're
gonna go to Venice Beach we're gonna get
some lunch we're gonna walk around hang
out and then we're gonna go to Griffith
Park it's gonna be a lot of fun and this
guy just found out he's gonna be an
uncle oh yeah I made it up
you can have a brother sister I don't
have a brother sister you know that hey
Alex how you feelin you think you'll be
able to skate before relief I'm planning
on that we are at Sony I gotta look to
good videogame character
this is terrifying we're like we
literally have like two inches oh my
gosh is horrified like getting shorter
dude now we made the clearance bar
we're good just don't you don't hit
those bumps oh my gosh that looks so
weird if you didn't realize that we were
freaking out that the the concrete
pillars above us were like literally
like right here we thought we were gonna
hit it and it was just terrifying you
guys see how close the roof was yeah so
this is actually thanks to Doug Doug met
a dude at skate lab and then his dad
bought some Sony gave me what kind of
just happened so he's not listening to
you but thank you Doug it means a lot
buddy this is cool
you afraid of heights oh my god
we're on the tour they shot hook in this
building let that sink in for a second
hook if you have not seen that you might
want to stop watching this video right
now just go watch it
happy Madison you better know what that
is my work and action Bobby's car that's
it dude
the Breaking Bad RV oh my gosh that is
so sick this is sweet this is amazing I
am so in the way of this picture about
him I did hear I like Sam we just walked
in one store and Dan had frozen yeah the
brain of ghostbusters he's a Ghostbuster
he's an epic oh my gosh that's one of
that's to do that I would like to shake
his hand
I know my heart was like thank you for
what you've done it for the world good
gosh I'm gonna buy a ray action figures
cuz I'm buying a freaking ray action
figure I thought this is amazing
that was so wild yeah that was wild hey
we found Wheel of Fortune yeah yeah we
did so this has been amazing I was
excited about this and he was even
cooler than I was expecting so I just
want to thank Jerry came and drew here
they're nice enough to make this happen
yeah and she's Cali Kim she actually has
a YouTube channel where you do garden
there you go don't think we'll be right
down there I'm steering ham because I
will come back as often as I can
you are more than welcome Don I enjoyed
that I enjoy that oh my gosh we are in
Venice Beach except this does not look
like a peach we have to walk like a
block that way and there are the beach
and I'm gonna eat some freaking poke a I
got way too much like way too much oh my
god
I cannot wait to be in Hawaii next month
night heaven is really good right now
though on a scale of from 1 through 10
do you like your food 7 it was a yes or
no question
see we know in the freakin CI
quarterpipe I do I'm gonna grind it I
doubt it
I died down to two actually I have
myself in my pocket which I never do I'm
in white shorts
I never skated and I'm in my own shoes
that I usually just wear I'm also full
alright so the day is slipping right
quickly and we are gonna go back to the
car and go to go to the park so we
escaped yeah we have a dinner meeting
with Dane from the skater rap actually
so that would be cool but we need to go
skate before we got to go home and do
that stuff so let's do it
change of plans unfortunately Griffith
Park is too far away since we got to be
back for that meeting tonight so we're
just gonna go to court house to wrap
this video up in skate boat for you guys
I'm not a huge fan of core house because
you just get stuck there and it's just
ledges and it's kinda like a skate park
these days but it'll be fun and I'll be
good for YouTube video Bryan Ames is
gonna do a Smith grind a kickflip to
Smith grind nope
yep nope yep what's up guys
yeah I'm gonna vlog aside right now
quick dude you're in the middle of like
an intersection right now
nice me what's your guys names Jackson
to Jackson that nice makes you guys
later that happen what happened I'm so
glad those kids didn't get run over by
cars the dangers in the world there's a
lady next to us in the car seat
we're here at the courthouse and I had
to change sitting right here it was
super awkward
we're so here right now I love this
place it's a fun place is it weird that
I look at my screen and not you when I
talk well riddle me this isn't a skate
park or skate spot what's your opinion
oh that's a skate spork bazemore yes
this is like yeah that was pretty dude I
was a great high five
going into the Sun it wasn't that push
the last night goes off you did a John
Hill win Oh oh my gosh that line was
super gross I'm sorry but I was so tired
and I feel really out of it so I'm just
gonna film some of the dudes for a while
and that was on a cruiser board
yeah Doug sure clip that was really good
backflip flip out John Hill getting up
good Jay hill it was deer Hill with a
back lip yeah look alright so I'm gonna
wrap up this video you gonna clean up go
to that meeting I was talking about
we're gonna end this with wisdom words
with John Hill John yes tell the people
something to think about okay in life on
often top your head if you like candy
just eat a lot of candy pretty good
how's that better than I expected music
he's about to start going over my voice
I know but now it's not go and now I'm
rethinking myself here in life this is
awkward
we do need some candy all right
all right quiet on set yeah dump in a
wall gentlemen another camera filming me
do that YouTube what's up guys
