let's go over here grip tape art video
guys hey see this I use a pallet jack
case you show us how loud that is just
take it no pull pull pull
I don't know if you guys can hear that
why don't you bring your viewers out to
see the pallet of skateboards manager we
got skateboards I'm supposed to be
grabbing a skateboard the grip so I can
draw something on it but this is
happening first if you can guess first
try what I'm going to draw on my grid
tape I'm gonna give you 20 bucks just
just gas Man 1 guess not you found
another good night 20 bucks viously not
something I'm right he's not doing that
all right so we're doing grip tape
time-lapse video where I draw something
on my grip tape with paint pens and you
guys get to see the sped up version of
it it's a lot of fun but I got to pick a
board and grip it first
what deck do you think I should do it's
a it's a grift a part-time life so I'll
just give it away ultimately oh you're
gonna give away somewhere that's what
I'm doing I'm doing a dug captain pizza
this is an 8 inch deck I'm gonna put
some grip tape on this and then we will
take it to my office and I'll show you
the paint pens I'm using let's do this
that's how captain pizza would sound
never fear captain pizzas I'm done Thank
You oral I ride for AM grip but jam grip
has the cut outs so I'm gonna do some
chess up for this but most skateboarding
I was getting angry I'm gonna try a new
way of gripping my board today ok
hopefully this works there we go that
works no super easy and this save me
like five minutes Earl
wish me luck I'm gonna go draw
you're not you're a human your camera
sometimes I get angry and I'm just like
and I kick the federal government's
thanks all right Ryan how are you doing
good Harry yes I'm up draw are you just
made that up
you just keep I'm literally about to
draw a droid you know I'm not gonna draw
no one no I'm not gonna drive I've been
trying to drink a gallon of water every
day and it sucks I gotta fill buddy up
again do again fish for me thank you oh
okay all right I mean is it mine or
yours all right Wow the other day I
would I just had pen and paper laughs
normal pen you get and I'll get doctor's
office and I drew this you see that you
see it that is r2d2 of course I hope you
do that but I'm gonna draw this on my
skateboard or most kind of this he's
gonna be like wow thinking about the top
go up here my colors I'm using oh we got
black white of course we got a little
bit of silver and I also got some
sharpies in case these are easier for
details and then we got the blue because
r2 is blue you're ready dog you ready
Earl
are you ready take that as a yes
all right every time I do a grip tape
video I have no idea how bad or good I'm
going to do they've all turned out okay
but there I can screw up just like that
in life
alright here it is so a couple things
I'm happy with how it came out overall
but some of the small details were kind
of tough and these things bleed that I
had a fine tip silver one that worked
out awesome I wish I had a bunch of
those for this because like if you look
like his foots just kind of like a blob
eNOS and I try to do some shading which
I don't really think works but I think
it came out okay but I hope you guys
like this what I'm going to do is I'm
just going to throw this into a random
skateboard giveaway there you go some
one lucky person who orders a skateboard
off the Shred quarters comm will get
this in addition to what they've ordered
that's a free deck I'll be giving this
deck away into a random order within
January 29th through February 2nd any
one of those business days I'm gonna
throw it in a random skateboard order at
the Shred course calm this is an 8 inch
Doug just tells captain pizza and I
totally drew it upside down still if you
hang it up on your wall if you just
wanted that that won't matter I'm glad
I'm not skating it though I would have
flipped out alright just where the
skated my board backwards but thank you
guys for watching if you guys like this
I do videos here all the time and I do
art grip tapes once in a while so hit
the subscribe button right below the
video if you want to see more and that
is it
I hope you guys have a great day go out
and skateboard if you can if you can't
play video game eat some Mexican food
because that's what r2 wants to do these
guys I'm gonna tell his dog in the outro
oh here a dog you're eating junk you are
eating garbage and your because you're a
dog dog good dog
