yeah double feature today you guys I'm
gonna do the first fall first okay
because that fall is pretty much how my
life has always been it's like a good
metaphor of my life you think you have
something in life okay and then it just
gets kind of taken away from you don't
be happy just yet because you're gonna
screw up but it does suck okay when
you're rolling away you think you have
something to get ripped off cakes it's
called being robbed all right one thing
I do like is from watching other
people's footage if sometimes makes me
realize how weird scape words talk oh
look on pushing smoked on pushing okay
can you imagine if your grandpa her dead
like what how would you explain that
like it doesn't mean I'm smoking on
pushing I don't even know what that
could mean but your grandpa would
probably think it has to do something
with drugs that's for sure smoke dope
pushing I'm just saying then there's the
second fall okay which is horrible it's
way worse than the first one the first
was just kind of funny the second one he
went down and it's like it's like he
just fell down he kind of like jumped up
in the air a little bit like he kind of
like did a front flip I'll even a
describing its what happened to Eve he
landed on his back and it sucked if you
look at the guy in the background okay
it's less because he's on the phone and
by the end of the clip he's off the
phone okay
it was weird it was like it's like he
fell out of the sky three feet above the
ground that's pretty much how that how I
explain this to my grandpa but did you
hear that sound I gotta go skateboard
just broke his neck in front of me there
is a freaking crackle in that fall that
sounds like his spine broke that set
sound is so bad and I know Sam like I
bet I skated with a few weeks back and
he's a super nice student and he
survived his okay like he's gone on to
keep living he didn't actually break his
neck or spine oh my gosh that sound
could be like a sound effect in movies
for a sickening thud like really Sam you
should take that sound clip and
monopolize office sell it sell its of
like pre and content creators but you
can use this for a dollar every time you
use this you get a dollar which I'm
about to have to pay Sam for making this
video so I'm going to stop talking about
this and with this fall I think it'd be
a crime if I didn't make Sam gets
slammed by a wrestlers just it's just
too perfect
oh it's pretty brutal but Sam was okay
and I actually have a treat for you guys
there he sent me a lot of footage so
instead of showing you a few tricks I'm
gonna sit I'm gonna show you guys all of
all the footage he sent me he's really
talented guy and really down to earth I
skated with him and I was like dude
we're friends now waking immediately it
was just uh rudra so check his skating
outs and I'll keep talking afterwards
if you guys go that was sam with the
first double feature fall friday i think
yeah sent me three Falls and the other
one is gonna be its own fall friday so
you have more Sam in misery coming but I
hope you guys like that he has a YouTube
channel put it right down there and info
check it out if you want to and then you
like what you see is you're really
talented skateboard as you just saw and
then I do fall Friday's uh now that I'm
back in the swing of things I probably
do them every two weeks but sometimes I
go more than that but either way I do
videos every single day so hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
and hot seat I'm I'm gonna go get I'm
gonna get somebody new I don't think
I've done to Alex buting that's what I'm
gonna get please have a seat right here
Alex what how are you today good what
are you doing to me oh you're in the hot
seat alright the question is if you had
to ride a bike for five minutes or eat a
plate of nachos naked in Times Square
I'll go with the nachos obviously I
don't like go with the nachos naked help
go with the nachos yes for sure
ok the first fall is exactly how my life
has pretty much been
