oh my gosh that's horrifying Wow you
check me out
primo you guys won't see that get a
spitter primo switch double three ball
putt flip dirty skank leg pogo double
flip Sunday brunch series alright so
bummer news guys now we'll start out on
a positive note okay that was Daniel
Trujillo and you've probably seen a lot
of those clips if you've been watching
my videos for a long time that was kind
of like a best-of montage of that dude
he's a super nice guy
okay he's one of those guys that if I
could pay him just to sit on the couch
and commentates and shred quarters every
day I would do that that'd be his job
hopefully although he has he works on
robots for a living so he has a pretty
good job but either way he's the guy
that you just always have around and
he's nice and funny and he's good he's
he's a good friend and his camera got
stolen okay how could you do this to Dan
your Trujillo
that's a loud bulldozer seriously how
can you do this to him I mean you've
seen my videos he's just goofy and nice
and then they're gonna go and steal his
camera back they had a hard drive in it
with all this footage it is super
heartbreaking to have your camera stolen
was one thing but to lose your footage
like the actual content you've been
creating that sucks and it was had all
of his stuff on it so he has a go fund
me help me page I'll put it right down
there please please help out you don't
have to donate if you want to donate it
extremely helps out but at least share
the link like on your social medias if
you have a Facebook when I heard he did
this I called him up and I was like dude
I got a what can I do to help let me do
this and I'm doing this video so you
guys got content the very least but
sharing the link or any donations is
deeply appreciated
and I can't imagine what I would do if
all that stuff God if I lost all my
footage in my camera at the same time I
would be happy heartbroken I'm sweating
my life off so I'm gonna go inside the
link is right down there his channel was
right down there as well he post content
fairly regularly which is good stuff so
check it out sweat is getting into my
eyes oh my gosh I'm leaving I'm leaving
I hope you guys have a great day I'll
see you guys in the future goodbye
you win bulldozer I'm leaving
