youtube what is up guys the time has
come we are picking the winner of the
reason contest we do a skater app and
that winner gets to go to the stragglers
here they come to get to hang out with
us grab some gear and skate the park and
then there's two runner-up winners who
will get a skateboard each so we're
gonna pick and i refuse a pair of s
shoes I think you guys all get s shoes
too okay it's been a second since I've
thought about this contest but so we're
going to use a random number generator
as under hashtag on Instagram and
there's about 1,600 results so we're
going to pick a number 1 through 50 of
how many Scrolls because we've kind of
messed around the scrolling and if you
divide there's 15 displays we basically
did our math okay and we think there's
about 50 active scrolling zuv us going
like this to get to the bottom of the
list so we will do a picket number 1
through 50 we're going to scroll and
then we're going to pick once we get to
the the 15 results on that page we're
going to pick a number 1 through 15 to
pick the winner you ready for this I am
some between 150 randomly all right get
random runner-up on 555 ok cool one two
three four five just freeze Center it
Center it and loosen it right there okay
right 30 with there's like there we go
ok so 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 30 40
50 ok 15 results between 51 and 15 get
random 10 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 this guy
right here chill out buddy chill out
booty jannat booty goes Paige let's say
one all right yep you're chill out booty
go check your Instagram direct message
we have contacted you I'm screen green
cap that please put on second second
runner-up 1 through 50 49 49 I'm never
gonna be able to do what I was late at
the bottom doesn't start scrolling back
up yeah if you hit the bottom as you go
back up
I'm going to hit the bottom so I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna keep going up and down
okay okay that's gonna get all right 49
all right center it centering it right
there 1015 eight one two three four five
six seven eight booj booj booj booj
see a boot freaking uploaded four
thousand times boots got my elbow twice
what I you leave it yeah make sure it's
done he did is go back you might have
done that yeah bullet twice all he did
pooja we suddenly in one per person said
only enter once one per person you
entered twice dude sorry gosh let's try
it again that's locks I'm sorry bhuj
 yeah we verified it can't 3737 all
right all right here we go
okay well they're 15 13 15 81 same 100 4
5 6 7 8 space 3 ship spaceship spaceship
spell very weird all right well there
you want to skateboard and shoes
spaceship congratulations space Township
congratulations space 3 ship space one
ship yes pastry ship yeah I'm a scream
cut the crap out of you and the grand
prize winner Brian Ames oh all right
this is the person who wins all the all
the marbles one is going to come in
skateboarding the guys they come here
beat me two games Kate yeah they're
gonna destroy you 29 29 get at it all
right what it frickin reloaded okay what
was a 29 i reloaded all right go nine
all right
25 26 27 28 29 wonder 15 where's the
wealth right there were 12 how is he
okay 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 Dunta
Frick and Doug done Richie D guagua
richard ii guezz in a big flip back tail
of el Toro yes he did all right he does
okay Richie he appears to have uploaded
once see any clearer he appears only a
little ones Richie D quiz
congratulations dude you're the dude
that's amazing alright well we'll
contact you all the winners here we call
it you're reading camping you your DM on
Instagram will have all the information
and then obviously rich you guys we
gotta talk about times and flights and
all that stuff but yeah excited to us
hopefully we'll do something like this
again either way thanks to skate or a
poor doing all of this with us pretty
cool um if you want to check out the
application is right down there in the
info that's it thanks for watching uh
I'll be back you know I haven't of you
every day so as you guys merr Bry names
what hi how's it going you just talking
about if I don't give you any jury I've
no idea else Pina I was looking up I was
looking up Richie Richie dig was and
i'll try to see what he's all about he's
about all Impossibles yes very he looks
things from you tough so you de you
don't it's pronounced to you okay okay
cool goodbye see ya
