all right cent freaking warehouse
Wednesday classified all right hey there
is too much multitasking happen there's
a lot of malt it is so humid outside the
dumbest intern we've ever done it was
pretty enough it was like it was a great
idea the concept was there the
explanation was kind of kind of subpar
it is a sheet on this it looks it is
literally foggy yeah your exact the lens
looks like Florida right now favor we're
going this week I it isn't all you don't
hold my finger dude I'm trying
shut up taught Brent this week you have
to warm up I don't know you do 3 many
tricks while singing warm up okay which
is amazing that we're gonna do just wait
Johnny after that we're gonna do so many
message you skateboard let me do every
friggin time you do one warehouse
Wednesday's yeah and then after that you
have to do seven tricks on set mess with
skateboard in ten minutes okay okay if
you like fly grunting any trick real
great trick honestly it needs to happen
in seven tricks if you'd mess with your
skateboard seven tricks you got 10
minutes to it if you don't if you don't
Andy has a pair of rollerblades in its
trunk you're gonna do five tricks on a
pair of rollerblades oh I want to do
that if you do do it Brian I spin my
mouth if you do do it John has to do it
what ha ha ha you guys both agree yeah
cool
all right this is gonna be fun let's get
inside where the guy I see this what you
left this out here I didn't get that wet
Sabre catch the spear and then I was
hitting in the head I would have been I
remember that who is a royal doll that
cut off his ear and sent it to his like
kid yeah he's dead now yeah we and we
know that that was absolutely incorrect
feels great in here okay this was a
manual pad for them you still have this
I just hold this the whole warehouse if
you please please go on to where are you
doing the manual pad three tricks you
have to sing let's hear your singing
voice I knew it was gonna be like that
Halon hit man Halen I don't know how I
feel about what just happened over there
this is a very interesting where I was
we had the kickflip manual as the second
warm-up trick let's see how Sabre does
you can do a man gosh that's pretty far
out there so far how are you getting
down you threw it at me
it was gross - is like a wet shoe just a
little bit you're warming up do a manual
problem
that was a few songs were you still
saying what were you singing Titanic
done you're done
oh well it's it not done done we have
done warming up Brian why don't you have
someone that has shoes go up there Casey
would you do us a favor and take mr.
Tabor onto the bench out front and then
when we tell you that will text you guys
well or instant message when I am come
in so just go leave your board we're
taking that great you're gonna like
actually her five work your board is
gonna get screwed up I really well just
say kiss it goodbye literally kiss her
goodbye
wow those special you set up my new
board no okay dude go away for one just
get out of here
all right um we're gonna need tape
pretty good tape going in going in there
this is gonna suck it's not even
destroying a skateboard on he totally
thinks that he's not gonna have a
skateboard after this he's he's he's
gonna have a skateboard this is gonna be
a lot of tape garbage bags skateboarding
is that has this been done I don't think
so
who knows so if we're doing an idea
that's already done we're sorry we
didn't know okay so we're gonna like
tape it down I hope each other no
dude seven tricks I figured I just
realize you can only do grinds a new
flip tricks I guess you could try to
boardslide it there's the guy
I've been way better taming stuff it
looks like you're just shipping it up to
like go on an airplane or something
you're walking me
do you want to say fit you can come
inside now hi
watch what white schema yeah this is
scary all right are you you have to do
seven tricks only two can be flat ground
within 10 minutes okay okay
Brian what's this oh it might be
horrible it might not be that might I
almost fakie hardflip did it looks fun
so very scary we try to trick garbage
bag skateboarding John oh don't be
starting before the time is timing we
temporarily ruined your board because
that's going to suck to get off yeah we
did for chocolate syrup in the between
us nice that would be even better we
should have like ruining war crafts with
no reason if venom had a skateboard
that's that's what venom is favorite a
super guy okay do you have your
durometer sure ometer I do nice to do
seven tricks seven tricks 10 minutes
when two of them agree flip tricks like
my crown and they all know to be
different so you can't do kickflip here
and kick up there sure what your folks
here for that yeah that's not the flat
ground it was just flat to flat ground
yes okay but it me I mean we can do a
video a ollie or a pop shove it up brah
okay brian has a choice yet to defunct
you can't be doing pop shove-its for
your whole life go go
FTC swing with approval yeah
oh I don't even tell which signs the
group team
neither neither our grip tape that was
good
saver you should just start skating
trash bags he makes it look good
can you sure haha dude yet minutes ha ha
ha
I completely forgot you what you forgot
like I thought you were just trying to
be
whoa I don't want to give it a thumbs up
and I'm going to it's good yeah keep in
mind people he has to be getting
admirable thumbs up for these tricks
okay he's done pretty good so far good
at skating trash bags what's the time
seven and a half minutes left
you know what Wow look at this is that
someone's gonna be rollerblading Casey
you got to leave yeah did we ruin your
day hey good
I'll rollerblade yeah John was part of
the world's was it yeah yeah his first
attempt is flying in from an airport on
a plane I well you know what I think I'd
rather see case do it anyway yeah what
do you mean I'll get my reward Woods
actually okay they're not mine
the Ryan chambers there's Ryan there
Ryan chambers fiancees I think
thumbs up for that yes
each week - pretty good it was awesome
nope not honorable
no not honorable son sorry the country
all right you need three more tricks Wow
okay four minutes he's got a 180
he's got 180 you thing's gonna fail
Kylie I'm gonna fail
Howdy's family I'm like yo Brian I don't
like you
I don't know who I want to see reorder
blade more definitely easy
unz he simply hates me I can see them
jumping now and actually kind of make
sense
I can see you joking
whoo zhuzi a stick comes up I was very
good he's got a Smith stall I feel like
I should give him a thumbs down for that
Smith grind and then correct themselves
a saint Smith stall
I barely they're not in there we don't
have the war blaze Brian this warehouse
Wednesday's real shaping up yeah we got
to do something we got to do something
else then shoot old tape skateboards to
their feet at horribly yeah three
minutes to do one trick I'm gonna be
honest I didn't actually get all of that
roll away
well refill my Trixie had left one oh my
gosh I'm really try to put a second he's
drawing a trick he just learned two days
ago minute 17 seconds and he's reading
his last trick what he comes up with
will mean the game is hell did you have
two game is a game where else wants is a
game to a game show we are on game show
Wow that nice is much more exciting do
we have a game show and you're on it
your consent contestant here at the
warehouse Wednesday good two years you
just never realizes the game show even
though I'm just realizing an absolute
all right
kickflip back 50 there oh there's a
trick
oh that's I'm done
that's impressively pop that go to the
kickflip on the garbage bag board oh my
gosh Casey get your bootstraps out
because we don't have Ward blades
because we thought we did there'll be
another episode don't worry we're gonna
take small skateboards to your feet
please tell my gosh is Casey during
rollerblades
we don't have roar blades i i'm i yeah
sounds good so far it'll be another
episode we'll bring you back as a sequel
episode he's gonna strap on mini
skateboard his feet and roll so what's
the punishment now i just i literally
just told you what the punch was so
there's not a punishment right now oh I
see nevermind oh wow English words to
your ears there's one okay see the
Cincinnati sign yes let's put this on
that's did you show that real quick I
don't know where it is you should get
hurt I don't want you to do the splits
there's one over there there's the Jawa
board and we need another mini-green
good job on winning thank you you won
the kids game show I like you haven't
like celebrated one day did the last
trick yeah like it hit me I'll look wait
there it is these are their improv
rollerblades oh my gosh you look
hilarious we're gonna make you do really
easy tricks because this is dangerous
there's never a dull day here is there
the noise
you should hippie Gemma do the drop
really just like the scariest thing
that's ever happened to me who made us
that board no idea oh my bad though
somebody made us this Jawa Borden Casey
just broke it you're not getting out of
it we're gonna relocate it were
compelled that is a very good strength
display of the mini-green right this TV
finishes bobbing what Confucius 11 are
you leaving
thank you you know well goodbye
gratulations thank you you want you run
the enjoyment of watching case you do
that and I didn't make him do that
anyway you probably could either way
this guy's channel is at the end of this
video and right down there in the info
so check it out and we'll bring back the
rollerblades embarrass somebody someday
that's it
big guys walking Casey you ruined
something that had a Star Wars guy on it
I like that invented apart can you
imitate a Jawa you don't know this out
you like this and it that is a pretty
Tuscan Raider
you're an idiot who's Lando right oh do
you not know who Lena is
I do not hit Carmen's level of
multitasking right now cent warehouse
Wednesday class five that was the
weirdest one I think we've ever done in
my entire do that again that was insane
should we do it again just do it again
you
