Ryden what is today Python sandy yeah
that is right it is beach day
unfortunately the Sun does not know that
and it is not out yet close those eyes
okay I don't use good take a lot maybe
I'm not trying to I just gotta get in I
get on your neck I got my swimming
trunks on
you got your blanket cuz naturally you
want to take that to the beach and the
noodle we're good to go or the boogie
board all the stuff let's go let's go
yeah let's go oh I just need my child
you K we're doing this on the GoPro
today because I'm obviously not taking a
DSLR into the ocean you ever want to
feel like a ninja turtle get one of
these beach chairs that you hold your
back cuz you just feel like one you feel
like the new ones on are way too big
okay you see the new movies way too big
Ninja Turtles are suppose to be like
this tall okay and the new movies
they're like that talk it is a very
packed Myrtle Beach
everybody does yesterday - this is a
ruins of an old sand castle ridin all
right so ridin is down in the tide pool
playing I am going to dig a big hole so
I can put a speed in it and then make
him I don't know maybe sand skating
we'll see maybe maybe I'll just do
something che like the mermaid thing no
one's ever done that before on the beach
I am Wolverine
i gosh this hurts my wrists what is that
for
yeah I'm gonna put you in it not yet go
you can go play a little more and I'm
gonna dig this more we're almost ready
for you okay hold on stand back hmm all
right get it all right now the fun part
I would love to know my gosh I would
love to know I have yet to see the Sun
while I'm at the beach on my beach trip
I get it baby yes you are no not yet I'm
gonna build something I'm gonna make I'm
gonna build a sand skateboard for you
riding you want to be an astronaut when
you're older and Knightly yeah he's
thinking about it and now I'm gonna
build some legs in a skateboard and it's
gonna be cool this is good molding sand
isn't it whoa we're dude more sand here
let's get all this out of here and now
you have to put shells around it so it
makes it pop okay you got to make the
pop it's shells so we're going to put it
around it so it makes the sand look
different
you know on a picture this buddy you
gonna put it on your MySpace
that's a great question right look at
you
this was a very quick thing quick and
easy but uh lay back read you're skating
you need glasses that's what make this
way better 5050 you nailed it dude now
get a picture for Mom all right and now
you have to try to escape you just
smashed your legs you go riding if
you're out your legs
you forgot your legs right there oh I
love you don't get me all sandy let's go
to the water what time is it red thanks
Bob
forget more time I'm here take it we
need to get floaties on you first okay
why because the ocean is a ruthless
place and if you're four years old
yourself some floaties on okay dad high
five
too slow high five too slow rock but you
just grab my hand
wait for me wait for me the Sun is out
and I have a farmer stand attack attack
whoa are we gonna do this are you gonna
get taken mid wave Wow
no I'm just kidding there is a tentacle
there's a tentacle there are so many
people at the beach who there's a big
one let's run at it okay woah how we
flew didn't we let's jump it
wow that was no as nothing wasn't it oh
my gosh look riding there's a
pterodactyl I'm tangled in seaweed hey I
love you that was a lot of fun
oh no we're Papo is dead I'm just
building a sandcastle I will build a
sand city and you get to be the t-rex
and destroyed okay yeah is that a deal
that was on-the-spot idea and I liked it
this is a for sure we need that small
building definitely necessity got a
little pyramid action sure want to be
Eiffel Tower okay fish for sure this
thing no get the show on the road my dad
totally used to say that all the time
now I'm an adult and I'm saying it
that's how life works hey if you don't
want to be your parents there's no
fighting it okay you're probably gonna
be your parents be Monday Oh building
one he's just gonna drop the work and
run it isn't good building Taj Mahal all
the way the Eiffel Tower in Taj Mahal
super hard to make happen so I'm gonna
be lazy cuz he's just gonna stomp it
anyway aren't you t-rex Wow boom that's
a big one isn't it you ready the city's
ready to be stomped
you
are you ready t-rex go Oh No all the
buildings Wow there you guys go thanks
for hanging out and watching our video
yeah good bye we had a good time at the
beach and we're gonna still have a good
time in the beach but that's it thank
you guys for watching I do daily videos
who hit the subscribe button wanna see
more from me
t-rex say goodbye say goodbye as a t-rex
would say goodbye alright
that was creepy don't don't hit me that
shovel I love you thank you oh don't do
that
that hurt
hey should I drop the camera in it okay
say whoa how does that work okay it does
it works pretty good
