YouTube what is up guys I just kind of
share with us well my hair is like this
tall but yeah that was some serious
talent on a skateboard that is my friend
gage Smith and Hugh rolls he's very very
very very good at controlling his
skateboard he makes it look really good
I love his style and he's good guy - I
ran into him in the middle of Ohio like
the most random place in the world and I
was like gage it was like Andy and we
sat there to talk for 30 minutes and
then this really has nothing to do with
anything but I was like I'm just gonna
tell the story cuz it just happened like
a few weeks ago but he's a real really
good dude really good skateboarding and
his friend Mason Miller is the guy who
filmed this Mason is really good with
the camera and he's also a good dude
we're just full of nice guys here and he
has a YouTube channel where he films
gage and a lot of really other talented
skateboarders so check it out it'll be
right down there and as the screen
changes here in a second
and the link will be right there as well
so check out Mason and watch out for
more gage that is it it is like one
o'clock good morning I'm going to get
this on YouTube schedule it and then go
to bed so you guys tomorrow I do two
daily videos good to the bye
