YouTube what is up guys so ridin and/or
the family and I just get back from
vacation and these we're waiting for us
and I have no idea what is in these
boxes one is from JP couvert and then
one is from uh no onh s analodjica
skateboard so there's probably
skateboard in the box
so we're unboxing day just a casual
Sunday unboxing video let's do this
right are you ready for me I'm coming up
hey writing you just clean your playroom
and there's lightsabers laid out on the
entry okay
what if somebody steps on them as you
can chop their foot off buddy you're
playing ghostbusters
put your Lego stuff away you have taco
on your face we had tacos for lunch go
figure
he has taco leftovers on space you want
to do I do the honors here in here okay
push it down and now you move the keys
over but force behind it you get it
you did it see how about while I open
this why don't you get me a wet paper
towel so I can walk right your face off
because the only thing I would have been
able to think about was just the taco on
his face alright jeez it's pretty much
open so now he can come back and just
rip it
Hulk smash it open instead of bringing
me a paper towel he just cleaned himself
off his face is all wet now all right
here just rip rip it grab over here how
about you did okay okay whoa what like I
said we don't know what's in this let's
take it step by step first off there's a
note okay and this is probably will tell
us exactly what is in here and E and
ridin hope you dig the shirts and prints
this is the end of my target T's looking
forward to our next hangout time keep it
rad love JP what do you say JP shake guy
fine
what was that thank you thank ya I know
what you said Thank You JP in a less
monstrous way when you get right to this
first thing is first there's a prince
there all is a bunch of prints okay cool
oh yeah I remember he made these for you
one time and then we we got him framed
and put them in your room know where
they are now probably hung about with it
so JP is an artist he does a lot of that
graphics he's literally his title from
from his education as master cartoonist
I'm pretty sure oh but you don't know
these are from do you know these are
from what this is Mega Man and this is a
zero if I'm wrong I'm sorry
heck yeah JP drew these alright I'll set
those aside all right the first one grab
it we got some shark tank top heck yeah
you can't wear some of this tonight dude
I know you're showing YouTube a splatter
you know you look you have a pocket you
know you're put in there right you put
like a hamster oh you little man you
could put towards their red tee right
and you are this tonight if you want
we're gonna do a skate premiere of
demented ski jumps hello Wow don't push
my buttons heck yeah oh yeah
oh my gosh dinosaurs pretty cool
dinosaurs are always the right thing to
be on shirt oh look it's a little local
Chuck that is a duck you like frogs tell
JP that tell JP if we get your head down
here but I keep going Wow these shirts
knit for the little box it is this these
shirts just keep going yes you can never
have too many t-rex shirts as a little
guy look at that how cool it's got like
designs you got like whereas bazoombas
owns it has bones inside the t-rex oh I
don't use that word lob it looks fly as
what it looks like pretty darn cool and
that is it no turn the demo all right
and turn the mood music back on what do
you have to say JP thank you that was so
nice of you JP is not only a terrific
artist but he's a good friend of mine I
mean it's YouTube channel so I'll put it
right down there in the info if you want
to check it out he is he's an awesome
dude
I love hanging out with them and I quite
sex cool JP do not give you this but
thank you JP and this is 100% for me so
I'm gonna get right to it where the keys
did you guys see that I'm do again deep
blood I told you that it was a
skateboard it's only one skateboard and
there's a deluxe Tyler end bruiser
there's a note my dude Andrew cannon is
it NHS he usually talks to me and this
is from Andrew Andy here's one of our
comic-con exclusive oh my gosh I didn't
see this ap 3 of 5 it's an artist print
3 of 5 of these this is gorgeous
oh my gosh this is going on the wall
what do you think about this put in
words what do you think about this not
only is this graphic probably my
favorite of all but now that it's that
much more special I'm so hyped it says
in the note here they basically sent
this to say thanks for all the support
that uh Brian and I do with shred cores
we sell these Star Wars decks so if you
want your own Star Wars deck right down
there there'll be a link to the shred
course calm and you can get not in this
one but you can get a lot of really cool
graphics they're done by Santa Cruz but
we love Star Wars so much and everyone
NHS is super cool and nice we sell some
of their trucks to crooks so a lot of
their products on the Shrek Rose are
calm definitely check them out
oh my gosh I'm psyched I'm gonna call up
my grandma my grandma will not care
about this at all but on the Colorado
tell her Jeremy call it pop all my
grandpa are you saying Paul Paul is kylo
Ren no I'm yeah the clock top of my
grandpa this skateboard is called pulp
on my grandpa yeah that doesn't make
sense but I am all about you expressing
yourself but I think another rapper
which is terrifying well I'm not gonna
skate on this either this is so amazing
I'm not skating on it right it yeah this
is there's only five of these this is an
artist print it's signed by the artist
thank you thank you for the bottle my
heart Ron Whaley and endure Canon you
guys are the greatest
I know this is a thank you but I'm
thanking you for this thank you oh my
gosh
so awesome alright writing you want
gripped us to skate it that was the
right answer no you guys yeah no I'm not
don't just vanish that box and I'm
putting this back in the classroom thank
you so much I hope you guys like a
little unboxing with the shirt and the
deck this is probably as my most
proudest deck in my collection of
skateboards and ridin clearly likes it
to stop you've been kissing the
skateboard for way too long oh right did
you just lick the camera don't lick the
camera applied the cam look I think by
this time they're not surprised if you
lick the camera all right go play with
you gun somewhere
all right hey say Thank You JP look at
the camera say Thank You JP thank you
Andrew and Ron Thank You CPW hope Dinah
rotted Andrew thank you very much and
then JP is right and actually thanked
but yeah you guys are all awesome and
thank you guys for watching my back
tomorrow because I do daily videos so
until then goodbye ridin say three words
um who is the fan who's the better towel
Hey who is the camera you will Franken
you have any idea how many words it was
no that was like three sentences oh my
dad is that joke goodbye guys
hey ridin see how far you can kick that
box across the room hey and wait wait
wait okay normally we don't kick in the
house but for this video you're allowed
to kick this guy that's pretty good high
five too slow not let it keep ya know to
slow well you got to put a hip you guys
put my hand back there go on high five
just low
