Sabre the music video is starting right
now yeah so it's where California I'm
gonna film a bunch of videos but I'm
definitely gonna do a lot of long videos
like this so then you had to ruin the
whole video bye bye bathroom e sorry I
have a little bit of work time I'm going
to actually watching Andrew cannons free
lunch which if you don't know who Andrew
cannon is he's a super interesting dude
he's a great skateboarder he's
entertaining he's started watching that
last night no I seen it before I just I
was just showing you guys who enter
cannon was when brought it up but yeah I
didn't really I did continue what I'm
wearing
yeah I know but I was there whatever I'm
gonna do this work a little bit and then
we're getting out of here and meeting up
at a DIY today oh come a day I'm like no
no no this is a vlog so there's no just
the same thing it is not the same thing
I've had valgus done to go for two days
straight well my vlog I said we'll go
all week you're gonna have a week in the
life yeah no.9 how's that coffee over
there stays amazing yeah don't punch it
if I was able to punch from here I hope
you'd want me to punch him Scott
McPherson Brian how do you feel about
today you think it's gonna be a good day
cautiously optimistic yeah I think it
could be a good day I don't think I'm
gonna do something that fantastic but I
think people are do that set I probably
set myself up to nail it sure for my
part
judging by one of the spots I think
we're going today you're not gonna do
anything today that's your call
alright that's the challenge you see how
much he doubts me people yeah all right
ninja dude I did totally get the word
people from ninja dude how are you today
pretty good Kali life awaits undercity
was outside of a rental car and he
stepped on it and fell he literally
stuck in a banana oh yeah it's in a
video actually but you can't see me all
right so the skate day begins being a
lot of people meeting up with this no
we're supposed to be going to Hollywood
High today I don't know if it's you mean
this in this vlog is over the next but
that's exciting so you guys ready to go
meet up at in the air why Oh panels got
people come on slow motion
yeah are you just kidding good Alex and
I realized something we want to do at
Hollywood High for the full-length video
take over the world which is why we're
in California whoa
and I think we could totally can do it
we got this well I'm excited now dudes
gonna be my intro right I know yeah your
ass trick in the whole video too
this is like the biggest car with the
schools so the biggest car outside like
a u-haul that I've ever driven in my
life it's a pretty big car it's huge
we're km you're driving we're here we
are here oh now what I should be filming
or we are a veg segment right now but
I'm gonna do that at a different time I
think be a permanent to get into skating
for this video what would be perfect
ways to do that yeah me I will do it
actually so you guys might not see a lot
of footage from this next session
because it's going to go to California
it's gonna go to the we are I'm engine
working on this mine oh there we go it
doesn't have a skate tool oh yeah I did
yeah oh I'm okay cool when everyone does
except me
Aaron's here
I'm picking up Sam heat is it a
one-footed Ollie Doug
alright guys right now we have a board
set up with Aaron Carter he's gonna set
the skateboard up and tell you a little
bit about it all right you're starting
and you're done done that was good
that's fast
yeah there is the board set up with
Aaron Cairo negotiated Tommy if Aaron
Cairo is putting his board together he'd
be done but it's not
oh I'm jerk I'm in jerk I'm in freakin
dirt oh are you alright
oh wow you're hurt do you know sorry I
didn't know you actually like I'll just
your hand is it like a horror movie oh
and here we have a youtuber filming a
video I'll a wild water
all right well bad news one we've been
here for a long time watch out and -
alex is hurt that's why he's half-naked
right here I'm gonna make a video part
of you just falling over this ledge
I just filmed for four hours straight
and I started by skating for 50 minutes
and I'm number four tower street but it
was a very productive day we're gonna in
and out and this vlog so it's not gonna
go on much more and because Hollywood's
actually going to be four we are avenged
I think I don't know if it's in this
episode it is no it's not
don't listen to him or the cub reset at
the same time I am interface I'm riding
cuz I ain't gonna do that yet right now
get your face out of here my gosh
Drock annihilated me he hit me in my
camera three time right here three times
footage is amazing the clips are going
to be in the point video and wave
destroyed anyway for when I almost
killed over there two on the back nose
crime yeah you've been you're trying to
murder me today we are friggin using
this solar panel only Brian it's pretty
amazing
anchor bad guys how far away is this 15
minutes okay good
every time to face on my low guy well
these we got a good exercise Jim I'm
like sore from filming I'll face hugging
a little bit let me do a bike alright so
that was that was a long session that's
what happens when you skate with a lot
of people that just it just never ends
because someone is trying a trick and
then before they get done someone that
was not skating started skating again
and then they start trying to trick it
it goes on forever that was the most
revived session of all time it wasn't
reductive you guys notice yeah three do
you think that smart card would win the
trunk of our car yeah we probably should
we should put it in there and then take
it somewhere else where we can get rid
of it gosh I hate smart cars I don't I
don't like to complain and whine and be
negative but when I see I'm so mad
looking at this thing gosh Hey look at
the difference
no completely so dumb sorry no offense
to anyone who likes smart cars I mean
against you she's one of those things
it's a peeve of a pet goes beyond the
taco diet but I'm gonna get a burger
approaches
no bread it's just going to be like
veggies and burger it's going to be good
not actually for good protein style Doug
has the biggest burger of all time
aaron has a such a great photo is it a
good photo I get bread has been run away
yeah this is good just like taco all
right Dan this blogger so we're gonna do
a rapid-fire interview with Eric IRA
come here oh I have to go over there yes
and on this side say this thing all
right I don't know what way to turn your
ankle gosh that's me Randy what hurt
himself yes that is exactly what bumping
your foot would fall in there and I wish
you were going that part if you don't
end augs or 20 cats which one you do ten
dogs really yeah okay 20 cats that puts
you in like a weird situation your
regulator totally norm they're out there
that's a good boy hire a guy that walks
them all the time but 20 cats than your
life person there are people out there
just a lot of pee yeah Cathy if you
could never eat lunch or dinner again
which one would you sacrifice lunch for
sure yeah absolutely because dinner it
just gets missed a lot it does get
missile on yeah
in order to continue skateboarding you
would have to rollerblade for five hours
a week would you do it absolutely
that would be that'd be a weird
situation to be in he thinks that yeah
be sure we people would I gotta go roar
before five hours guys haha I'll be back
Tuesday's my rollerblading day what is
your favorite skates about the whole
room um Pier 7 with the old here's a
little there yeah you so you sent me
what - the old care set here dude your
video was amazing your intro video -
revenge
yeah with that guy it was like when that
was gone revenge when that was happening
you had to be so ever gonna one more
question Bryan Ames you undo it alright
I think make of the last question
because everyone wants to know
skateboarding stuff about you sure what
is the last trick you learned that gave
you trouble that gave me trouble yeah
this is going to be a weird one tell you
what was there today is it the window
okay I mean there was a manual pad there
was a gap in gap out all right and I
Holly no bad wheel slide like gap out
that gave me that rear part yeah mitts
in there now when I put it in there
that's how I like me I want to skip it's
only a bra name's Trey yeah yeah I like
that trick
they were that but it yeah definitely so
cat powers like yeah yeah yeah no nobody
in the world would have said that is
they'll guess that yeah so alright
thanks for doing it you look at this one
so say you work it in and out you're
like I want to leave my cars bars right
here
but then someone else no it's not I'm
sorry that's presents a stir though play
in there look at it that would be awful
dude like say your gym and you and
you're trying to leave because you got
to be home LA yeah I see the Hollywood
all right thank you for doing that that
was Aaron car people it's good to
actually be hanging out with them we
don't see each other nearly as often as
we should I see a lot of other guys more
so he's with us all weekend that's
awesome but I'm gonna end this vlog so
right here we're gonna go finish up
filming from your revenge so watch out
it'd be we aren't immense 61 will have
Hollywood - each and then the real
tricks from today's session
gerunds there you are Thomas take about
YouTube I do see you through say no
Satan Spanish by you - no say it in
Spanish adios what is YouTube in Spanish
YouTube you two states the singing you
in Spanish do say - to say bye YouTube
bye YouTube Bryan's take about YouTube
that - bye YouTube say goodbye to
YouTube in Spanish
you're eating dinner right now so I
called it a bad time do you want to say
hi to YouTube talk about little dude
that's just the bonus clip singing bite
again goodbye again say it in Spanish
can't speak Spanish
