YouTube what is up guys this is a Q&A
video it's been a long time since I have
been just me in the camera
I mean agreeance I have friends over
there doing other things but just mean
the camera going through your questions
answering it I usually have like bry
names or something or I'm doing some
other talking video but this day right
here this video I'm gonna go through
your questions that I asked on Instagram
this time and then I'm going to answer
them so let's do this without further
ado question time 3300 questions my gosh
Polar Bear Club seven I didn't see the
question but that was one of it I might
get to his I don't know there's so many
um Lawrence
Livan says what happens the cruiser Dex
and would you consider making a Phoenix
graphic well yes for one for Phoenix cuz
penises are awesome and we actually have
some new cruisers coming this fall I
believe so watch out for it that's the
plan at least no Phoenix isn't like the
bird that like burns to ashes and rises
from the ashes no oh I don't know good
question I've no idea I'm guessing he
meant the bird but you're right that's a
good point we just did a city series
this is time almost he's here to make
sense of my videos what I don't what was
your first job asks mela lewis and my
first job was mcdonalds no yes it didn't
last long I went to Taco Bell very soon
that roads judging me in the room now
Dylan Leonardo ooh
asks favorite fruit watermelon
completely and then strawberries and
pineapple are super legit 2d inland are
do also asked when did you have your
first kiss I still have not I'm waiting
for it I'll probably a video of it when
it happens like oh you know it's gonna
be so cool um slang sloths who asks D
like Metallica and I love 80s Metallica
specifically about Metallica has a whole
Sharia rules
radical aliens will you be my dad if you
are right in holding someone's cell
phone asking that for sure yeah I'll be
your dad I am your dad and I love you
read cope ecstasy which is Eric Kopecky
asks I'm dying to know what's your
favorite color I'm not answering it okay
in fact everyone go bug at cope ecstasy
kop ext Acy
and say dude just don't okay everyone
say that to him by the way I'm sitting
on the green couch in my hotel room in a
New York City look at that there's the
city there's my hand
seven says do you like boosted boards
let's time also over there he believes
boosted boards and they're cool yeah I
mean I never I've only messed around on
a skateboard like back in the day i
don't own one but they remind me of
cheapskates
did you know I'm talking about Craig
yeah what's that from yeah I mean I
guess it was a thing but like I know it
from Ninja Turtles was it like a company
oh wow I didn't okay well I'm the idiot
then they use motorized skateboards do
that was awesome back when I was like -
Lia footballer underscore real would you
ever stop skateboarding and why if if
the fate of the world were like if I was
gonna save a bunch of people's lives
quit skateboarding I would because I'm I
like to I like to think that that would
be a good deed there'll be a nice thing
to do is not kill a bunch of people but
for any normal reason no I don't need to
quit skateboard I love it
Dylan Willis says will you ever tell us
why you always wear red and if I do it
it might be on a Wednesday if you had to
either leave Ohio or quit skating well
she would you choose leave Ohio done
okay I love Ohio I don't want to leave
but for sure Trev 86ed can I be in your
video you're freakin in my video tramp
a d6 do you think Trevor was born in it
I don't think it travels born in 86 or
what that means he might be the 86th
Trev or is his favorite number
Larry calamari says favorite band is a
15 year old versus favorite band slash
music now here 50 year old was probably
no effects and it was punk rock was
definitely my favorite music but
favorite band now Coheed and Cambria and
favorite on music is just anything like
catchy rock you know anything could be
punk but uh I mean I guess like Coheed
think more progressive and stuff but
Andrew dot bein gas Vanegas
and Ruben I guess we'll say that was
there any huge moment and skateboarding
that you thought you should just quit
uh no not an actual moment that I
thought I should quit but I've probably
said I'm gonna quit skateboarding a
million times and I don't actually mean
that I'm just frustrated and hot-headed
I have a temper and I was just like wow
you know
a bunch of times but I probably said it
like I'm just gonna quit because I'm a
baby all skateboarders have a thing
inside them they're just idiots
sometimes that's sometimes I'm an idiot
Christian Z this is not Christian let's
just act like it is it has a picture of
Christian when why and where did you
think the start of the revived company
is actually revenge skateboards before
survive and the we are avenged series
was getting a lot of requests for decks
and shirts and I blood I was like you
know what okay if you guys want to do it
so I started coming I didn't wanna start
a company but I did and I ended up
liking it once I started running it and
things just kept going up and up and up
so I just kept rolling and now it is
what it is now thanks to you guys
seriously I truly appreciate I do love
what I'm doing and it's awesome to have
revived it's a it's a dream come true
the business side of it the company side
of it is a dream I didn't even know I
had but to like to do something with
skateboarding that was my dream and you
know of course your I've fits that mold
oh my gosh donc a fingerboards says has
anyone ever said you look like Jeremy
from day to remember every but I get
that 20 times a day and yes I wonder if
that guy I don't listen to a day to
remember but I wonder if that guy gets
it if he reads that a lot he knows who I
am I'm like I'm gonna hang out with this
dude and be like and just be like I'm
just gonna call mirror apparently like
hello Amir nice to meet you NW 17
underscore underscore asks how did you
meet Bryan Ames I met him at camp in
fifth grade I met him and he was in my
my cabin and he let me borrow couscous
book and I didn't see him for a couple
years later and then we just started
skating together and been best friends
since yeah but now we've been really
great for instance and uh that's that's
happened fifth grade I guess Keegan
underscore Beach is seven says will you
give me a shout-out no but it kind of
just did and that was a really bad
singing it
why do positive people like yourself
hanging around someone's so negative
like black ninja I get us here and there
despite whatever you see online with
black ninja I will say that that ninja
can be a punk online but that's actually
that's his like online persona
he's like one of the most genuine would
you agree Steve's one of the most
genuine nice dudes that we hang out with
and despite what
online he's like the type of guy that
when you're in a video of his he'll like
send it to you just to verify even if
it's like something normal just to
verify that you're okay with it like
especially things with Rhydon like he's
great with playing his right and like
steve is like a really nice genuine kind
of hard to dude he's just the black
ninja character is a little more risque
I guess you can say but every time I've
ever hung out with Steve he's never done
or said anything that's been that's been
ill will towards anybody so I think
people just I think people just buy into
his drama too much like he's doing it to
get a reaction you guys and people give
it to him Toland Cole says are you
hungry I am so freakin hungry I'm
showering and we're going to get food
right after this actually me ridin could
you fit the Shred quarters that's nice
memory so many he's a tiny guy oh here's
a good question a lot of people think I
am too you know it is aren't her
question first dominic underscore Scott
eight says are you ever gonna have a pro
skateboard for a five do you guys think
I will no you said who it looks like you
said wanna say yes no I've no plans on
going pro but I just wait do the
commercial thing today I did some work
with dub man plus care and that's like
they promote me as a professional
skateboarder which it gets technical
technically I am because I make money
from skateboarding but I'm not a
professional skateboarder and I have no
plans on being it's persecuting one I'm
I have put my time in I've put enough
pain and suffering into that some of
these dudes are out there but I'm just
not naturally talented like they are I
can do some tricks here and there and on
a marketing scheme a lot of people think
it makes sense but I don't I don't want
to do that because I just I feel like I
haven't deserved it and me like even if
it was the guy is turning me pro I still
would be like this this is right I don't
I don't I don't know and nobody would
accept it not even me so I don't think
I'll ever be bro I don't want to go
there so that's that it would be way
more stressful to be pro that'd be like
something I wouldn't want to go to I'm
pro I'm a pro dude all right I'll take
that jerem underscore 25s this favorite
thing for Taco Bell and that'll be the
chili cheese burrito or the de Cordia -
crunch oh my gosh that was good - a pimp
underscore salad asks if I'm black I'm
just gonna keep going Ryan underscore
skate live says when is yours and fare
and ride in this favorite holiday
I would say mine is probably Christmas
just because like the the snow and all
the feelings behind it's awesome
Halloween's pretty awesome - and I would
say ride ins is one of those he might
say Halloween honestly which is weird
cuz there's a kid I was all about
Christmas you know I was all about
Christmas as a kid smokey the
skateboarder says Trump or Hillary Oh
Linnea Lynn balm says when is her new
book coming out I've got to write it
first I'm in the process of writing and
I'm sucking at writing and I'm worried
right now I'm worried about take over
the world the new revived video so
fingers crossed I'm working on that but
uh it was supposed to be on this year
probably gonna happen
absolutely next year if it doesn't
happen next year I'm gonna run around
naked in YouTube video it's gonna suck
I'll blur myself out but I'll actually
do it it's gonna suck but I'll do it no
just because I said that right now I
should have said that but Mark Sanchez
says as you ride in your viewers age do
you think he'll start to allow more
profanity in your videos probably not
the reason why I don't really put I
don't care about cursing like I feel
like on YouTube it's like it means
something to all these people like oh he
curses he's cool it's like that's the
stupidest thing I've heard of my life I
just don't want to offend anybody you
know like and I'm not saying I could
curse all over the place but this is the
sort of thing I think it's tacky and I
think I don't want to offend anybody on
the channel I don't think there's a need
to I can like you can say other words as
the same communication behind it and
it's just it's not needed you know I
just it's just one of those things like
when a certain movie when they curse a
lot it starts to be like this is stupid
and I feel like it's meant for like 12
year olds no offense of you're 12 but
some of them you know some of the other
were it's not like intelligent humor
it's just like I'm gonna say a bunch of
stupid things and hopefully think people
think it's funny I think it when you
start to curse a bunch it kind of starts
to feel like that I just think it's
tacky so nothing against anyone if you
curse I could care less I'm not saying
go curse I'm not saying don't curse I'm
just saying I don't really think it's a
place forward of my channel that's all
I'm saying I'm saying a lot of stuff
that's I'm saying mad FB skater says
what shirt do you think riding will be
able to do better than you your vids
Rock
well if ridin chooses to let me get the
lighting a little what this is dividing
us change so much in this room let's go
here if ridin chooses to skate to keep
skating he's gonna be better at
frontways Smith
he's gonna be better at hardflips he's
gonna be better at frontside flows
because I suck at all of those I can
tell you right now he'd be way better
than I mean but I'm not really worried
if Ryden doesn't skate I just want him
to follow his passion do what makes him
happy the last thing I want to be is
like the dad it's like you got to do
this son but that's it I'm gonna wrap it
right there thank you guys for all you
the questions you asked I'll do this
again sometime so pay attention to my
Instagram it's at Andy's Rock and thank
you guys for watching that's it this is
it we're done yeah I'm gonna go shower
and I'm gonna go across Manhattan and
I'm gonna be amazing
does it go into my suitcase guys
all right bonus it for the bonus clip
type wars kind of runt
we're gonna what runt you don't you do
not know what a runt is we're done we're
done here yeah the candy yes thank you
that's the right answer
no one likes banana yeah a little like
bead things I don't know probably banana
banana we'll go with that Craig thank
you flowers peace out
