that's my dog
oh my god
YouTube what is up guys so that was just
a batch of footage I've been sitting on
and I'm not as far as my like footage
drop goes like I always save these up
some of this footage was on other
channels some of it hasn't hit anything
just yet but it's throwaway clips you
know and I'm not too psyched on some of
these some of these were super sloppy or
I would like pushed weird but that's why
it's sitting here on YouTube and I'm not
putting it towards anything else so I
hope you guys dug it I'm will start
saving up for another batch of footage
drop but the meantime I'll do videos
every single day hopefully my next batch
is better but yeah I'm in New York for
like one day I got some stuff to do for
dub man plus care and then I'm skating
for one day so uh that's it I'll see you
guys tomorrow cuz they do daily videos I
hope you guys are having a fantastic
Thursday whenever this goes up that's it
peace dudes here's a freaking green
couch and here's a $6 bottle of water
named Fred yeah that's much better
you
