YouTube what is up guys so I have had
some requests for a how I started to
revive skateboards which I already did
that video so I'll give you a brief
summary but if you want to know how I
just got revived skateboards going I'll
link it at the end of this video but
this video I've been wanting to do for a
while it's kind of the day-to-day
routine of revive skateboards how the
whole process works and you're gonna get
to meet everyone that works here in the
Shred quarters so it's going to be fun
this is the Shred quarters technically
this is distribution and next door our
private skatepark is the Shred quarters
but this is where all of the orders go
out the skate shop orders the online
orders which you can get at the Shred
quarters calm it all happens right here
you know we send out team packages to
all over the world because we have we
have dudes all over the place I love
this place I was trapped in here I would
not be that bummed but yeah robot of
skateboards started I didn't want to
start a company I had YouTube going and
then everyone asked me to start a
company because when I brought up the
idea and they were like yeah do it so I
was like alright whatever people want me
to do this I'll do it I had a lot of
awesome friends surrounding me and I
eventually got Brian Eames in on it and
we just kind of grew we get went to we
started in a basement we went to a small
warehouse and went to a bigger warehouse
now we have two big warehouses and
offices it's a dream come true
I walk into this building every single
day and I don't believe it it's just
it's amazing so thank you guys because
you're the reason any of this ever
happened so most of our orders come from
the Shred quarters comm it's just super
it's easy we try to keep affordable
prices and come straight to your door
but we always encourage you if you have
a rad skate shop come in the darkness
here if you have a rad sketchup the port
that supports your local scenes support
them you know you can always ask them to
carry our products here at straight
quarters we carry more than just revive
but this is where it starts we'll start
here with we actually started Ryan
it used to be Casey Ryan you ought to
come over here dude I would talk to you
but your job is change service we're
gonna start with this guy alright so
your orders come in at the Shred course
comm and they go into a program right
there and this guy every morning goes
through it every morning you go through
every single order every single order
and he gets the prices right and he
prints them out on this printer and then
you don't sign this but you sign
sometimes occasionally yeah every single
order we do we have a little personal
thank you to you guys because that's
something that I did and when I start
the company and I just didn't want to
let go of that but this is
the first guy that has his hands on your
orders so let's let's prints them out
right now we totally could have cleaned
for this video but I wanted to see you I
wanted you guys to see the real deal
there is a kylo Ren dabbing with a
lightsaber and a screwdriver yep
which that lightsaber there the
screwdriver is the important part
because it pokes holes in your grip tape
perfect for your hardware I've never
used this lightsaber but that might work
too we've already actually gone through
the orders in the day because I'm
filming this in the afternoon but we
have a few that have came in since we
finished the orders and we're gonna do
this right now
in the morning there be a big stack of
these and then he's sometimes signs KZ
signs a bunch and then it when he gets
really busy
Brian Eames and I sign or when we just
have a moment with it's been pretty
crazy lately so but we all tried to chip
in and say thank you to you guys
personally and a wats thank you very
much Tina Arnold thank you very much I
am going to draw you each some tacos on
your order okay they'll be different
tacos though Tina got one big taco and
then Anna got three small tacos which I
wouldn't why aren't many stalkers a
thing I know I know there I'm saying
like why can't you get like a good cheap
like three pack of baby tacos gonna be
awesome I haven't seen him I mean street
tacos are pretty small I'm talking
smaller you want to go into a business
you want started taco business to be
continued
Tina Anna thank you so much I'm gonna
hand these to you and their skateboards
so alex is probably Ryu and Alex do
skateboards right okay
so and then packing up your orders is
usually out speeding or Ryan chambers
clearly all of the shelves Apparel's
over there the wheels over there and
then the desks are in the center here so
they can don't have to travel a great
distance to get the items to put in your
orders
Alex buting acer nice to greet you once
again yaps an idea yeah i've i've
conversed with him many times today but
this guy has been in with what i'm doing
since day one i went and started doing
youth food i called him up and I was
like yo Alex hey you wanna you want to
skate made me skate video
let's make youtube videos - I'll do this
on the side what do you - and then since
then he's just been with all of the the
processes or whatnot like at every level
of the companies before and now and also
he is the lord of the skate park he
takes to the skate park makes a look all
nice and neat and yells at people when
they suck at doing this so everyone out
there that comes it's red quarters
Thomas we're calling Thomas out right
now this just pick up your stuff couple
your stuff Thomas let's do that order
because you do something
this guy gives away something every
single day in a random order so at any
points where you order from the Shred
course comm you could be getting like a
free set of set of wheels a free picture
like it could be the most random stuff
in the world could be that picture yeah
it can fat go out soon buttons like he's
give it away like a GoPro before like
he's giving away some serious stuff yeah
so and that was all his idea so I just
want to say thank you for that from and
everyone else that is in the Shred
quarters contribute to this give him
stuff to give to the people watching
this video oh that's a box I gave you
it's a box of future stuff we got some
red stuff which the Reds gave me I
always like to try to return that coheed
and cambria shirt bunch of fun more
fingerboard skateboarding stuff all over
the place free giveaways every
generation apart yeah gave away your
complete now let's go over to KC so if
you get to revive Dex from the actual
skate shop which I applaud you support
your local shop
this dude is the guy that's doing that
all day he's putting the other skate
shops what shop is this going out so the
next shop I'm doing is rise above skate
shop there you rise above skate shop
thank you where is that I don't rise in
oh no no it's in California does he
California say California yeah I'll use
Cali people rise above Sketchup KC thank
you this dude has been he started out
watching her videos online right I saw I
discovered your channel and then met you
a few days later yeah weirdly enough but
it was like before like things were like
got a bigger level I guess you say get
like a 60 cases or something yeah and
then he just started skating with us he
moved to Cincinnati and now he's a face
that works here every day and this place
could not work without him couldn't work
without any of these dudes but we're
talking to him yeah yeah I think Brian
always says that you're not replaceable
oh so you guys yeah if you guys find a
KC Bechtler out there sending because we
need more KC backwards I would love to
meet another page I'm gonna pee I'm
gonna be frank let me go back
while the Liberty fun fact why
anti-shock is ping my wig for can we
shred it is up there
yeah I didn't work at all I didn't I
didn't drop my hands off using my pants
like a real male sorry everyone else is
questioning their masculinity it's fine
do everyone when all the orders are done
they come over here also everything else
comes over here so the new orders are
done they come over here there's a skate
shop order right there he's got one
working on these are today's orders
right these are today's orders and then
the post office and FedEx dude come and
say hey give me all this stuff and then
they take it away and then there's this
guy who is my partner in crime when I
realized that this was gonna be a
potential thing I grabbed him and I said
you should do this with me and he has
been the since my partner let's go to
our offices was where we ramble on and
have meetings and we make decisions sure
let's go so here's my office which I
usually just use for whatever Brian
reminds me that I need to do and YouTube
and getting ideas and then drinking a
gallon of water a day make sure you
leave that entire club with some
drinking water in this
it's only half gallon I gotta do one
more of these we sometimes have meetings
in here but usually we have been Brian
Eames almost here's the set for our
podcast and your channel except for my
channel this is where the basically
creation process is when it comes to
products I get a weird idea in my head
or we sit here and talking on the spot I
get a weird idea in my head and then we
talked to JP who is sometimes on that
screen or he's physically in this room
and then he's like I can do that and
then JP for a few weeks works on
graphics and they they come out very
good because he's very talented and I
normally like pre-planned everything and
I write on my whiteboard and then Andy
accidentally puts in the background of a
lot of videos and so if you look in the
background his videos you probably see
some spoiled things which is actually
fine I'm a like looking back how
paranoid we were about that like I'm
cool with that nowadays it's like a
staple of and the background of like
three videos is sent JG Pro before it
before Johnny would Pro absolutely the
background if anyone who would made the
connection play exactly J role I think
it's speculate we should write someone
else's program tonight and E Pro I will
I'll make that skateboard so fast I will
never be Pro I was saying that right now
make the crap but everyone's gonna see
that this is really terrible because if
you were gonna see that in the wall be
like oh my gosh I was just and he's
gonna bro I know fall 2018 what's
happening no it's not there's not me
these go it's true and then I'm I look
up and say ba ba ba ba and then and then
you agree
usually he just makes my desk messy it
was it's normally like structured and he
takes all of my papers and moves them
around the ginger really comforting well
you got a good desk because I don't
think this would fly on my desk
what would you describe you as dated I
don't know the business side of it the
making that happen the reason it's in
stock the ordering guy he's like he's
the backbone right
the backbone or vibe I come up with
ideas and kind of visions and like at
this point like I've gone through all
those steps because like I started from
the ground up but then once he started
he started taking on all of the
day-to-day stuff and making the company
but basically keeping the company going
and one person that is not actually in
this video that we would like to thank
is Brian Eames mom yeah she does a lot
she does customer service she's the
first person that has eyes on your
emails brian chambers touches them she
goes over every single one online before
it actually is printed out and yeah she
verifies addresses or I feel like to
forget their you know apartment numbers
yes she does customer service so if you
need to get the wrong size t-shirts and
eval yeah you bought a large and need a
media but she's the person that you talk
to you know she does our accounting
which is nice she is a great person we
could not do this without her so thank
you mrs. Ames saw her skateboarding
Brian in our skating and alex is
sweeping since he's the lord of the
warehouse but I hope that he will stop
sweeping and actually skateboard with us
at some point
so there you guys go I know you guys see
so much content from all of our channels
combined but I hope that was a some sort
of new insight on us or if you haven't
seen any of this there you go you know a
lot about our world and I'm so thankful
to be in this world oh absolutely
like every single one of us we were so
lucky and we you and me are lucky to
have this wonderful group of people with
us it's awesome so from the bottom of
our hearts all all the number is
uncountable really because there's a lot
of people that come in and help out and
whatnot just everyone here at revive and
the Shred quarters we thank you thank
you so much it's just it's amazing to go
to come to work and go skateboard yeah
this brand we're lucky already three
years old and I still get skateboards
here and I'm insanely thankful for this
thank you for him being able to skate
nothing for me thank you all right but
if you want to see more just hit the
subscribe button right down below the
video and all the info like the website
and everything I just talked about is in
the info so yeah if you guys can go out
on skateboard day do it if you don't
skateboard watch another video I guess
if you don't skateboard start
skateboarding it's awesome oh yeah that
that's what I meant to say that was a
way better answer than mine yeah girl
can we say someone say subscriber day
not gonna talk I bet you'll talk in the
bonus clip and emoji well hope there
isn't
and that was the bonus clip
