your shirt is olive yeah I'm ready where
else one day behind me but I don't care
how much you push draw to the back yet
was first trying that was a backhanded
catch he like broke his wrist to make
that happen
it's George Lucas that is faster than
your most tense okay this is Sam vessel
space you guys now a 360 360 angle of
Sam's face how are you doing guys all
right Sam you're gonna be put to the
test okay have your word to school
before school warmup
oh yeah we're gonna we're gonna tell you
how to warm up inside it'll be really
stupid it'd be great you have ten
minutes ten minutes five tricks five
tricks like during those five tricks you
have to take the tennis ball and you
have to throw it to Casey from across
the warehouse and he has to catch it you
do the trigger doesn't catch it in his
account you heard enough Hezbollah on
your hand you're gonna throw it across
the door how Smid trick and then Casey
catches it it counts if he doesn't you
suck no you don't suck you're good it's
gonna be your fault
eight-time yeah so uh I don't even know
what you what he gets
I have cash my pocket okay you get you
get a thirty bucks if you do this if you
don't you owe us ten all right and you
got to get the I actually uh know I was
gonna have you give a thumbs up so when
they do this just give them a thumbs up
for support Cody it's like this your way
horrible start
you're not the catcher though so that's
good okay never like to point out that
when we were practicing you didn't catch
it I think Patrick yeah I thought you
are off to a bad start
oh I was trying to deflect it with
YouTube didn't work yeah all right
whatever let's go I would like to point
out that Brian and I have had two hours
of sleep and a lot no you I've had a
lesson that I want to point out the fact
he has a wrist guard on this throwing
hand says who's that candy
maybe smart why would he agree to this
cuz we told him to what are you what we
should wear I wonder where something
goes out there we see a whole spiel like
we want to do it like no and then sense
that we absolutely should get is they
are your thumb is broken
okay for the warm-up tricks Cody gets to
tell you what tries to do Cody first
trick warm up front for you with a flat
bar front people a flat bar that was a
super nice yeah I'll just hit hard flip
people the second trick cake put back in
through the lads cake flip back 50 feet
to the ledge
you just throw it at them all you find
flipping threes they're not only hardly
do that okay all right you can't do that
Nellie front flip nollie front flip you
weren't kidding you can't do it we'll
take that and you totally got to give a
thumbs up because it's got to be an
honorable trick I forgot all this okay
yeah you can't just do like an ollie
down a three stair and do it hey hey
that was not Casey sucks you're great at
a lot of things but this is like this
Brian get your lawn mower ready do you
know your first trick is yep it's got to
be honorable
that's how honorable yeah we can do it I
think I don't know it's up to Kody
really so if he's thinking it's not
you're screwed you got to put him in a
good spot where do you want him Brian is
well Sam would probably want you right
here if we could pick it where does
Brian hands want you all right that's
fine
if this is that easy I'm gonna be mad oh
great I'm not pausing between goes and
we're the straight ten minutes you got
it you got a thumbs up I know you better
not do this that easy for two back when
a down how are you gonna do that
okay against the wall Casey that's
actually really hard
yeah just wing it you got it don't worry
about it really a wide shot how do i
film this but your yours is going right
you're watching what's going minute oh
my gosh don't get hurt
we're just gonna do the flat bar okay
there you go front blunt get back on the
wall Casey it's baseball skateboarding
hard exactly we should gave them two
minutes they got two thumbs up still
just one trait down six minutes left
yeah all right we're gonna do a
long-distance this time okay all right
on that weight on the the wall ride the
obstacle or like the actual wall okay
and Casey's where Casey you'll stand
right here yeah
that's right can you caught it that's
what I meant the wall or the wall the
obstacle or the actual wall okay I got
you can get right there this was the
interesting choice
it bounced him bounces do not count he's
got four minutes he has two minutes per
trick left
yeah you got you a flip trick of some
sort
what no no it can't be a flat oh dude
this is gonna happen frisbee that right
frisbee it oh you got come on that was
it he did it that's why I asked him
you're lucky
Casey can run you do it congratulations
look I told you he did we're gonna next
time you do this for you're so hard all
flip tricks and we'll use a football
perfect you still catch with that thing
all right which one's what I'll do it
you Sam yells with the congratulations
Casey go on hit hit YouTube
whoa that's it we're done yet leave
goodbye Casey thank you yeah
Brian you really should
Ryne chambers yeah how would you
describe a handrail
I wouldn't know that in the grass
