YouTube what is up guys it is contest
time and it's a really really exciting
contest isn't it right what you were
gonna get a chance to win a trip for you
and a friend to these shred quarters to
skate and hang out with us this is in
collaboration with the skater app and
it's it's gonna be really fun I can't
wait to see how this goes down
so we're gonna keep it random okay and
anyone can enter and you're going to
enter on Instagram okay if you do not
have an Instagram account you know
someone who does okay somebody in your
family does and at least somebody in
your family knows somebody that has an
Instagram okay
so you're gonna do your favorite trick
using the skater f using a revive board
and s shoes and you're gonna post it to
your instagram using the hashtag hashtag
revive skater app s-q okay it's on the
screen right now use that hashtag only
one entry per person okay so only post
one thing using that hashtag for you and
you are entered in one on friday we're
gonna go through and we're gonna pick
one grand prize winner this winner will
be picked at random they fly out and
hang out with us with one friend and
we're also gonna do two runner-up prizes
which get a skateboard of their choice
and then a pair of s shoes okay just
want to point out that the grand prize
winners airfare lodging and food will be
two completely taken care of you're not
gonna have to spend anything that you
didn't want to spend if you win this
prize thing time the time is make sense
don't know why I said that this is
really really exciting so if you do not
have a skater app there'll be a link
right down in the info to get it here
come it right and sit by anybody if
you're younger than 18 make sure you're
definitely make sure your parents say
you're entering this because you're
gonna have to fly across the world you
know we're gonna you're gonna have to
have the permission what not and then
you can win anywhere in the world if
anybody in the whole world we will fly
you out here so that's exciting and
we're gonna pick winners over the
weekend or early next week watch out for
it and then we will fly you out late
summer or in the fall and that is it
good luck ridin do you want to say say
anything to people
yeah Pikachu's why
yeah four of them um yeah let me
document the hotel I found them from the
Dworkin and I'm my favor wanna get
 that's awesome I love you I love
you I love you okay hold on I gotta
finish you Jim if you guys didn't
understand any of that it'll be right
down the info but good luck guys I can't
wait to see who wins and hang out with
you guys say bye before they're sleeping
this one is this is stopping this or
some coward I'm stopping like a secret
Oh happen like that
addicted there one because we'll
he's in love all right later guys say
good luck block bye
