what's up YouTube it is an update video
and yes it's very weird that I'm sitting
on a couch and not my desk with a weird
saying on my whiteboard I don't know if
this is the first one I've ever done
away from my office but but it's
definitely been a while okay it's been
maybe 20 years completely exaggerated
and I'm actually kind of tired I was up
really late working I'm on vacation
right now and I have a lot of work to do
so I don't a sacrifice family time am I
saying if I sleep time so I'm kind of
tired but I'm having a good time I'm in
Myrtle Beach and it's really fun I'm out
here for about much longer I've to go to
New York probably talk about my busy
life because I haven't done one of these
in a long time and my life has been
intense very intense I've been traveling
all over the place as you've probably
realized by watching my videos if you
watch them every day you know what I'm
totally gonna put this camera now I'm
gonna put it on this thing he's in one
spot alright this is good so yes at the
beginning of July I was in LA and then I
came back to Cincinnati for about a week
then I went back to LA alright I was
there for five or six days then I came
home for 24 hours and then I flew here
to Myrtle Beach from here I stay here
for days I'm about halfway through right
now and then I go directly to New York
because I have a media day for dump men
plus care in New York I have a lot of
stuff going on in there for just like a
day and then I'm gonna skate for a day
and then finally go back to Cincinnati
so yes life is ridiculous this month
okay next month is a little easier but
I'm still traveling all over the place
because then I go into crunch mode for
take over the world
revives a second length a second length
what am i what I'll talk about yeah it's
our second full-length video which I
hope to have out for Black Friday for
our winter release but I'm starting to
worry that I'm not gonna have like all
the extra shots to really flesh out it
so worst-case scenario I'll push it back
like Valentine's Day but the video is
coming together regardless I'm really
really hoping that I'll get it out for
Black Friday either way you'll see a
trailer here soon
so keep your eyes peeled yeah it's been
it's been a freaking journey lately
alright not the kind that sings about
any way you want it nobody nobody got
that joke nobody probably did but it's
been fun yeah if you didn't know I've
been I mean I'm freaking commercial I
teamed up with dumb men plus care and I
did a commercial with them with Rhydon
and my wife
it's really awesome I posted on my
Twitter and my facebook if you want to
check it out I also have a
behind-the-scenes coming soon hopefully
it might be as soon as tomorrow I don't
know when it's gonna come out but
that'll be really cool I'm gonna go sit
over there now because I can't
why do pukin Beach places I always have
crap like this on the wall yeah I just
walked in there like a picture of a
kitten I mean like that's pretty cool
thing to have in the wall instead we
have some shrubbery next to a wall on a
wall one thing I've had to do is cancel
Comic Con okay yes Comic Con is not
happening at all this year no it is I'm
not going I had to get for Sunday and if
I went I would have basically just
gotten back from New York and went
straight to San Diego and Sunday things
are settling down but it was just all
too chaotic without traveling so I
decided not to next year I'm gonna try
to go on like one of the main days bring
ride in and bring a couple friends maybe
a wife and make a trip out of em to be a
lot of fun but this year sadly I will
just have to soak in the awesome things
that happen hopefully some things get
leaked online afterwards I can watch it
because I know that the premiere a lot
of cool stuff at Comic Con but in the
driving force world things are hectic
okay we have a lot of exciting things
happening with revive we're trying to
get the fall launch ready we're kind of
slow on that right now
we got concepts for decks and all that
stuff but nothing has actually been made
to get the order in so we will have the
decks ready for the fall it's just it's
really really crazy with how busy I am
doing video work and promoting the
company it's hard to actually do the
hands-on stuff with creating all the
stuff so we're we're doing the best we
can you know everyone back in straight
quarters is rocking Brian's doing a
million things at once and I'm doing a
million things at once but it's intense
but the summer launch went really well
thank you guys you were the best force
it went really well too as actually one
of the strongest force releases ever
I was probably psyched on that lineup
like the grass as far as the graphics go
more than any other force launch super
cool so everyone who supported that
thank you if you haven't seen the stuff
it's right down at the strikers comm so
just write down in the info you can get
to it did I get freaking straight up
relax if I want to do it might be
awkward for you guys I'm not gonna just
sit here and talk now I just feel like
I'm in therapy mesquita has been going
good I haven't actually no that was a
complete lie Sydney has not been going
good because I haven't been doing it
enough I went to California last week
and I just basically filmed most the
time I got to skate here and there but I
get to actually try anything I've tried
to try one trick and I got too hung up
on my my warmup trick that was pretty
good but I
more time okay so hopefully on these
next two trips I have time to actually
skate and be filmed because I got a
video part to complete and oh yeah I
forgot so what I'm doing next month next
month is LA again very quickly and then
Hawaii the Hawaii trip will be a lot of
fun it'll be relaxing which I really
need to but hope that get some work done
hopefully have some tricks under my belt
and then in September I'm doing New York
City again in Las Vegas I'm a really
busy dude but these are like three to
four-day trips so that I'm usually just
right back to hang out riding and all
stuff because it drives me crazy being
away from the mildewed
let's talk movies okay I haven't talked
about in a while but Ninja Turtles - all
right this girl's one like the remake
this is the new ones I'm talking about
okay so we with the turtles are like 7
feet tall for whatever reason yeah they
look funny but the actual movie Ninja
Turtles - out of the shadows and thing
is called was really good if you grew up
watching in the 80s 90s cartoon this
film was the best like representation if
they made a movie off of the cartoon it
had a lot of cool things that Krang was
a bee boa Rocksteady rocked in it there
are some goofy moments but I don't know
I just feel like if you grew up with the
cartoon you will like that movie at
least some part of you like your
childhood inside will really like it so
check that out I know it's like probably
out of theaters by now but final way to
watch it's really good
go smothers came out recently I have not
watched it I just kind of said I never
planned on going to see it in theaters
um it actually did not do that well the
first as far as like ticket sales go I
don't even think it viewed in the top
one spot this weekend's last weekend so
yeah I don't know I'm torn because I
don't like the idea of having new
characters of ghosts but I don't care if
they're girls but like well I guess it
would be weird if like you know Venkman
Andy got and all that work or newly
girls but I don't know you know it's
like somebody once said like hey like
what would you think that just because
they're girls like don't you why would
you want to do the same thing they used
to do I was like I feel like it'd be if
they made Ninja Turtles again and they
were like completely weren't
Michelangelo Raphael Donatello you know
it's like that's the same thing to me
like I wanted to see even if they recast
him I wanted to see Venkman and Egon and
Winston and Rey and all that stuff so
I'm open-minded about it I'm just I
don't know man the old ones are so good
and it's everything I see on the new one
it just kind of made me feel gross but a
lot of people that watch that said it
was really funny so I'm open-minded I
probably won't see it in theaters but
it's out there so there you go talking
about alright before I let you go I'm
gonna tell you a story I usually tell
you
or that makes me look really stupid you
know a lot of more like things in my
life that I'm like wow I did that like I
shouldn't have done that but this point
you probably thinking that I'm like a
bad person like and II have way too many
stores okay you were clearly a screw-up
when you were younger I swear I've tried
to be a good person about life I don't
think that I've told this story if I
have I'm sorry if you've heard it I
apologize
go watch the freaking video with the cat
jumping over the fence to me but cat
jump over fence in YouTube you'll enjoy
it and but I was in like a resale shop
okay so I'm Plato's Closet we're liked
by people sold clothes pretty much and
there was a red belt I loved it I had it
for years and I loved it but what I was
getting it I wrapped it around in my
hand okay I'm like this with it I was
just so like I'm gonna buy this and I'm
just saying how to grab grab my hand I
walked around store with a girl that I
was hanging out with where she was just
shopping
you know girls take freaking forever in
stores and I had my belt and was ready
to leave so it took forever and when we
left I just walked out with it okay on
my hand and it wasn't till we were
driving away that I realize I have a
frickin belt on my hand it was still on
my hand no receipt cuz I didn't pay for
it I start up stole it I mean completely
on accident but I still that was
stealing and I like to be a moral dude
you know like I like to try to fix
things so the next day I went back to
pay for it in the girl working the place
laughed in my face okay face in place
just right that's right she laughed at
me and she was like why would you come
back and pay for this and that was just
like oh my gosh okay if karma is a real
thing I'm gonna I'm gonna frickin win
win some lottery tickets I don't really
play lottery tickets but I'm gonna win
them I'm gonna win so much money and
you're not you're gonna trip on the
freakin curb walking into the grocery
store and fall and someone's gonna
laughter you and that's because you made
fun of me for stealing sorry that's just
them that's the truth of it cuz I tried
to be a good dude no it's funny I think
they let me pay for it though it was
like three dollars you know it wasn't
like breaking the bank is a three dollar
bail but yeah that's my story I stole an
accent how you stealin accident I did it
that's me
that was my update video I hope you guys
were entertained by this I'm sorry I
might a man I have the same energy I
feel totally weird on a blue couch but I
hope you guys like to tune in for more
information I do videos every single day
that used to come was it I got a lot of
cool vlog assad's from California
frightened and I just filmed a
father-son beach gay father-son beach
days coming and then we are event 61 is
almost done I need to film a few more
scenes for it and it's good to go and it
has
exciting news is so tune in for that
hopefully that will be out not this
weekend but next weekend
and that's it guess hope you guys have a
wonderful July and like I said I'll see
you tomorrow because do the other videos
and I look really weird because there's
a lot of arm and skin time whoa
this whole time I've been drinking
honest kids lemonade it's right into st.
mine we've got him for him and I usually
drink water but today's cheat day I'm
going on a date would you be awesome
we're just kind of eating whatever I
want including honest lemonade it sounds
like a freaking hand for him at this
point all right whatever I'm not sure if
my legs look really stupid I'm wearing
shorts right now and shorts are kind of
a weird thing for me and I keep looking
in the shot it's like you shouldn't have
my legs in here why just fill the whole
video with them so you guys saw my legs
sorry but no that's a that's a funny
story I mean like you know I wasn't like
it was just and that was your broadcast
this evening if you would like to see
really stupid things in the future
please tune in again
