all right so what's the best thing to do
with rollerblades other than take them
off follow them and fall with them
you're near that was happening in June
we're gonna try to do some wipe half an
hour where did you buy this
like did you buy this no all right well
you might as well come on you can take
my camera way I don't have clothes I
don't have any more clothes ah
do you build the nets in your building
attention ah
or is that kind of nice
look up in porn Thomas
believe us didn't look good you know I
look I
alright guys hope you guys enjoyed that
that was my video part from the revives
first length video live skate die that
came out a couple years back and
honestly I was really excited to release
a video part cuz it have been a very
long time since I had released video
part but I'm not necessarily proud of
this part I only got to skate like 25
minutes a week when filming for this it
was very very rough when trying to do
two videos full time during part of this
time I was I was working multiple jobs
it was just it was just a hard time of
my life to get out there and skate
nowadays I have shred quarters I can
skate at work every single day and it's
like the best thing in the world so I am
much more happy with the video part I'm
working on right now and I'm really not
trying to sound negative or hate on my
skating too much it was just one of
those things where I knew I could do
better I had been better in the past and
then you know right when I started
skating more I got a lot of wild tricks
back and I felt better than so I just
mean it in a ways that I like to set
goals for myself and I like to see
myself meet objectives and I just felt
like I wasn't doing the video part so
much but that said I am so excited I
released a video part when I did it been
such a long time so I was really happy
I'm always out there enjoying myself on
a skateboard even at any skill level
it's always a good time so I don't get
me wrong I was super happy to release
this the song is the sculptor by
divinity destroyed or one of my favorite
bands they are so good if you like what
you heard they'll be linked to their
Facebook right down there they don't I'm
not sure if they make music anymore I
haven't seen anything new from in a
while but they're really good so I'll
check out their older stuff oh and if
you want to see the full-length live
skate dive video the DVDs unfortunately
sold out but you can still get the
digital download at the Shred quarters
common the link will be right down there
so I hope you guys enjoyed it thoroughly
I do daily videos here myself so click
the subscribe button whew want to see
more for me but if not go buy your day
and have a good one then eat a burrito
because I can I'm not going to eat a
burrito today and I think everyone
deserves to eat a burrito I guess except
me so you two burritos one for you one
for me and we'll call it even
that's it have a good one goodbye
there's a light switch lights out
we're dark where we are dark
you
