Brian Eames hi it's Christmas right now
why do you know why no do you know why
no it's because we have Nigel here for
five skate memories okay who is Nigel
he's a good guy
nka he's nka sup guys come on you camera
Nigel knows everybody in skateboarding
he's one of the most genuine awesome
human beings out there and they grew up
in one of the best skate errors of all
time I think they like you know like the
2000 2002 he was out there killing it
with some of the people you love right
now so I'm really excited for this I'm
excited to give it time to think about
this - you're so lucky I know I was I
like putting you on the spot
yeah no it's suck all right so he has no
purpose in this video as other than just
to sit here in cotton Tom exciting he's
your wingman right now okay all right so
started off scam everyone okay skate
memory one was when I first started
actually thinking I might be able to get
somewhere with filming skateboarding
there was this old video magazine called
logic do you guys remember that yes your
logic I think it was at the end of
number three the the guy who ran it
asked hey dude are like if there's any
filmers you know trying to reach out to
him and I reached out to him he got back
to me the next day and he gave me the
first deadline and that's when I first
started to get he gave you it gave it to
me that was like stitch in her books oh
yeah it was a lot back then I know that
I do not afford it like if it wasn't for
him giving me the lens I don't think I
ever would have been as gotten as good
at filming as I actually did and
actually he taught me a lot too and then
he actually helped me and Paul with a
lot of stuff back in the day it's a his
name's Keith Brinkley okay yeah yeah
yeah he's a pure odds dude yeah yeah now
he helps run like primitive and he saw
tons of crows with the careers Sean
Malto Mike Easler like everyone like he
really helped teach me how to film
though cuz he's super super into filming
and he's been into it for a really long
time and if it wasn't for me meeting him
or just hitting him up just randomly
seeing that and hitting him up like I
don't think I ever would have been able
to become Who I am today you know i will
like to eat frankly so thanks a lot he's
if you like if you ever see this like
crazy about pulp actually
because prettiest order through him we
met cream and everyone at City stars and
that's how Paul got on city stars and do
pretty good to his history yeah
everything there just kind of fell into
place mention something super basic
about him is that and oh you ain't pay
or not good there's so much more casual
go back nigel is a fantastic film ER and
that's what i you're most known for i
think not i think of you as the dude i
go out and have fun skating with first
yeah so and he kills it he's a really
good skateboarder to say okay yeah well
memory to is the first pro i ever met so
it was i think 96 I was either 15 or 16
hour skating at school by my house South
Torrance are South High in Torrance and
our just skating with like I think me
and my brother and a couple people and
this guy just comes in you know I didn't
know I didn't know any pros at that time
so I didn't know he was new stupid I
super friendly dude smiling having a
great times like hey look play skate so
we play skate we didn't I barely knew
like five tricks and those are your five
tricks yeah so I got to uh he basically
played so that we could get him to like
T yeah and like but but then of course
like he won the game yeah the first
probe I met or interacted with was day
one song what wow that was a good build
up to that by the way I was thinking I
don't know like Colt cannon or something
you know but so I've known day one since
I basically started skating the entire
time he's been like the nicest coolest
dude he's like seriously like the Buddha
skateboarding he's just so cool and like
if you guys get a chance to talk to him
everyone should go up and say what's up
cuz he's the most friendly dude ever and
he's still ripping you know is doing
that yes right way I was introduced to
like that the optimal human in
skateboarding so I feel like meeting him
also really helped me realize what a
professional should be and how you
should just be really cool nice to
everyone like they want the boys been
cool to everyone I don't I don't even
probably not a bad story on how to no
you know what I mean
also spoiler alert you had no chance of
reading you can't say you got a 1 to T
though I did yeah okay dude look at that
which is like right now like the
skinniest
they've ever been okay so story once 32
I heard some stories about this skater
from Chicago say 3 2006 no yeah a little
bit I do around 2006 my friend showed me
some contest footage of them the little
kid I like wow this kid is really really
good and I think that was ride around in
my space and everything was popping
so I decided should we move don't move
yeah these guys these dug and saber and
clickety boards are making Schmid oh
yeah I love skating sound in the back by
friends to be able to hear me most of
all love you guys
I want to hear you too okay and I can't
say that fast because it sounds like a
saying someone else okay so I start over
is that I can spud no Chicago a small
kid oh he's tiny yeah yeah amazing
little kid he's super good I can't
believe how good he is
and I think it was around myspace so I
sent either him or his dad on myspace
message and I was like hey dude what's
up like you're you're really good I
would like if you could be in my next
video and he was like you know oh that
sounds cool and then we were talking and
were just like kind of like well how do
we start filming what's going on and his
dad is like I'll just send him across
the country to you 13 year old kid I
knew this story it's amazing a little
tiny kid so I'm kind of disbelief I'm
like wow this dude is how old were you I
was let's see I was probably out 25 or
26 okay so you're back because if you
were like 20 you'd probably like oh this
is my responsibility
yeah I have always been like an older
brother and
that guy kind of little dudes you know
what I mean so luckily his dad you know
realize that sent him out and it is
pretty nuts cuz that's like how his
whole career got started in his
categories
yes and from there Chaz came out he
starts gaming me and Paul Paul loved him
also and he just started killing it like
right from there it was just like game
on shortly after he started winning do
tours and you know getting hooked up on
Gatorade that was a great times going on
on winning Gatorade winning the ain't
here
they say that no I did okay you said
winning du Tour and getting on Gatorade
not just combo Devon yeah so so I
actually was introduced to Chaz Ortiz by
my friend Brandon DuBose and he's a
really good friend of mine he's a filmer
so Big Ups to Brandon wasn't for him I
doubt I ever would have met him and
maybe Chazz his career would have been
completely different
so yeah the same said Chaz you didn't
and actually that's how I really started
to know about him I mean I heard the
name but then when I saw like it was the
the Woodward stuff redo the the three
flipper grind Yahoo flip I think excited
yeah yeah yeah that's pretty good yeah
pretty good that's amazing yeah bright
names could I do that those are trees
all right for Terry okay sorry one two
three out of the way or story for
actually one time got super close to
beating my favorite skater right now at
skate and I've gotten to play a lot of
games of skate against a lot of people
luckily that is when they're all younger
and I was already older so I beat all of
them yeah I didn't beat this guy and I
doubt I ever will now but I got so close
so we were playing a game of skate at
Paul's Park and you know I'm pretty good
at something weird tricks you know I got
like nollie big flips and a big looks
like weird tricks that guys can't do
like even really good dude so I got
lucky and he messed up on although I
went to do my trick finisher move I was
like this is it I got him for sure I
knew I had it
and then I did a switch hard flip landed
it I was like yes I did it I'm gonna be
able to say I mean
and he landed at first try and he never
really did the trick he's just pointing
at me laughing cuz he knew that was like
it his New Year heart was just like did
nothing left and I was like crap dude
there there goes my check I knew it - I
just knew like I'll probably never be
able to do this again and that was Shane
O'Neill and you haven't skated since
that would be really cool I like how you
tell these stories and then you drop the
name quit skating because they did not
beat Nigel oh yeah and now Nigel does a
home repair DIYs on YouTube - oh yeah
that's dude stop hitting my camera one
letter if I could play Shane O'Neill at
least one more time and get one letter
on them I would be happy with that now
that's how that's happening right now
last that sounds like a like a name for
a like a Narnia movie I don't know okay
so this one I'm just gonna say the name
right away I want to let you guys know
I'm positive this is right but just in
case I got our disclaimer this is how I
met Paul Rodriguez is this tall but yeah
my friend Brandon DuBose also the same
guy who introduced me to Chaz Ortiz yeah
told me these stories of this little kid
who's on the same shop as him because me
and Brandon didn't skate for the same
shop who could do all these crazy tricks
at the time we're being filmed end
videos yeah so all of us weren't just I
wasn't just believe I was like dude
there's no way there's some little kid
who can do any of these tricks and I was
kind of like I was one of the best
skaters in the valley at that time so to
me I was kind of like dude there's no
way it's impossible this dude doesn't
tell him to bring it yeah this little
kid is it's it's it's a figment of your
imagination so I told him all that he's
like oh yeah dude I'm a primo watch so
at the time I had like a little mini
skate park in my driveway
so small these tricks man
so we skated my house and yeah it was he
was good but I still didn't believe it
we literally went to all the spots he
did the tricks that he was saying and he
did all of them Wow I'm super fast and
after that you I mean keep like one of
the main tricks that impressed me as he
did noseblunt 270 on a table downstairs
and he was like 13 and it was like 98 or
99 I can't remember exactly which year
but he was that was like Reynold stuff
back then you know yeah doing so I was I
was like there's no way this kid could
do that so he went out and did all this
stuff my friend said said in the same
day and right away I was like oh my god
this kids freaking rad so yeah he was
really cool too if you guys have ever
got a chance to meet Paul he's like one
of the most genuinely cool people you'll
ever meet
really rad if you get a chance to talk
with him talk to him but try not to
interrupt him when he's skating wait
till he's done skating well pretty much
like yeah everybody yeah pretty much
everybody nice to everyone like that
that's a courteous thing little kids out
there please do that even me you and
Andi even Brian all of us love to skate
and then we'll talk to take photos do
whatever but that was that was nuts man
because then after that we got him
sponsored on the same shop we were I was
on 118 and that's how he met Andy neckin
who is now the CEO of primitive oh well
and all of us are still really close and
talking like that whole shop everyone
still works in industry stills part of
it so it's like really really crazy to
like to think back to like some of these
memories because it's like there's so
many different moments that like we were
like pinnacles in life have what made me
who I am today because later on Paul
asked me to help them with forecast and
if it wasn't for fall asking me to do
that there's no way I would be in the
skateboard industry like the way I am
you know no way no way I won't have ever
take you filming this series you know
what I mean so
you had a good series like it was a good
recipe for who you are yes
you like went out and some days and like
ended up in a really good place at the
right time yeah I just got super lucky
and now that man you're a hard worker I
mean you you know you have the right
attitude - he's good okay work hard and
go out and do things you're gonna end up
you know just get out there put your
effort in and you could end up like it
something just be cool to everyone it'd
really be cool to UM be a good person
that's it yeah it's so important to
beacon that is that is so important
except saber saber you suck dude love
you I really got a shout out my friend
Brandon DuBose because if it wasn't for
him I don't think I would have made a
lot of the connections I did and he
helped me over the years a lot with
filming so I hope Brandon whatever you
do and you're doing you're having a
great time and yeah man thank you so
much from the bottom of my heart you
really did help me and all the skaters I
mentioned you guys are all very
inspirational to me still and get my
good friends so thank you guys so much
for this has been awesome we were right
this was the best five members I had
nothing to contribute this is sitting
here listening to it these are the crazy
sorry didn't rob you I did you go for
high five hey whoever goes after this
has some big shoes yeah
well Alex Alex are you up next this
guy's channel
oh no no we'll do that what do that your
channel is right down there and down
there is the info it's also at the end
of the video or you can just search and
ka and and k and k ja yeah yeah or that
either one just put something in or
regarding just type his face in the in
the bar and it'll come up OK score some
eye candy yep the man please guys
this is the bonus clip you have to
kickflip on that right there it's gonna
suck
nope you have to have your cell phone in
your pocket yeah cell phone pocket may
be a new fad in skateboarding cellphone
skating pretty good cut the pine needles
if you slip on those are done I was
hoping you would just ignored his
high-five all the time
hide you it on accident sorry sorry John
Hill for my to wear up
