all right hey you got a cruiser board
right there right and you were trying to
kickflip something you're gonna do a
kickflip noseslide to shove that's your
challenge and then Brian's gonna yell at
you
between tries he's gonna talk to you
okay simple as that
all right yeah you have to commentate
about Doug's uh trick between every try
I'll do that
what do think he's trying hey no sweat
on no knows almost no no almost days
miss a yellow oh yeah yelling between
yeah but you're on your phone I'm trying
to find dinner spot we're awesome do it
Dean tonight you do a backflip need a
new bag look good evening service both
the stinking rose in Carla's restaurant
why would we ever go there check 3000
reviews oh my god good or bad 4 out of 5
stars but like but like Ruth's Chris
above it it's got 259 good news this
once has 3000 reviews on Yelp yes
holiday paid yells there you go gonna do
so much this lunch so Doug if you never
get close I'm still gonna publish this
video
should be called the truth about
skateboarding you're just saying words
what do you want for me he didn't do
back tell you to keep her grand it was
so good what did you swish back to that
he did it on accident you did that on
accident that was so good yes that's the
video that's always you got to do good
job good job Doug oh my gosh Doug did
two tricks in a row I know you know what
I forgot that I even told him to do like
a really hard trick to start this whole
video that way he came through
no he's visit to shut out roll away
he knows me on stage on that thing like
let they try all right yeah Brian you
want to relocate oh I do now you're
still sitting here
if you move on holy crap hey Doug Devine
what the odds of Doug landing is for
them five tries medium really medium
medium I have nobody would even trying
then why would you even try to answer
that
where's odds think he's doing in four
tries 75% I think you got a Doug
you literally landed at the fifth try
which would make sense if you saw me
talk to Brian I still like your trick II
didn't actually the best it was awesome
that was good though he did it fifth try
you boy you're right you owe me good job
yeah I know I felt bad for a second yeah
he's skied like a mile and I have to get
that I took two drinks you just threw it
at the wall are you happy about it
well I was gonna do and then I was like
I don't want to vandalize it are you
happy about it I'm I appreciate the
every level highly I better clean this
up yeah that's a long time thing we're
talking about I wasn't trying to be the
meanest person I would have hated myself
voting on this skate spot wasn't awful
it does smell amazing now in this case
spot though you hesitated I looked at
you and it was kind of like building
that it was cut it was kind like
building the tension I feel like nobody
on YouTube is gonna understand that and
they're all gonna think I'm the worst
person in the world no I'm not he's been
telling us to do that for so long we did
