I'm adore it's not warehouse Wednesday
it is not is it get would come over here
you know it's not where else Wednesday
we're in California we're gonna make
this happen anyway let's go see who it
is this week okay
hey it should be Jason Park oh wait he's
but he's injured easing off to Hawaii
yeah he's across the world so it is get
out of the shadows you're supposed in
the sunlight it is Thomas hey guys and
then here's quiz hi Vic with Slash
holding such true / Tim I hear you're
tempted great use your hands a tethered
tipis anyways so we've made this bump
back over there okay here's your five
tricks off the bump okay ten minutes but
they have to be like Tomas alvarez
d-trix yeah Holly okay no one just Ali's
you heared spinny things and late flips
and all that kind of stuff and stuff
that you're good at yeah thumbs up if
they were Tomas alvarez e-enough okay if
you do it 20 bucks we don't do it you
have to eat ten tacos at dinner later oh
my god just gonna suck okay so are you
agree shake everybody's hand I'll try
I'll probably throw up eight my shaking
hands to Metro five trick sorry ten
tacos here you are you ready to be the
judge I can judge you well you are you
gotta give a thumbs up if you like the
trigger yes and then you just get some
kicked off of a real world sucks Jason
this is a person on Jason nan warehouse
one standing on the obstacle cor do you
have a time time
go over get ready Thomas hey you're a
good guy that boys your toes gone it
would be more than long is the garage
door ready you guys arrived or yes right
all right yeah ten minutes go
Phil
oh I must freaking hit that after the
next try I want you to tell me a joke
for YouTube we don't have a joke here
try we don't have one quizzes joke away
we don't have one he's got eight and a
half minutes left line a trick yet
actually I do and I don't want to see
him eat and Tucker I just don't you got
this
I don't be answered no that was good
that was a wavy I like that of all that
was not good Wow okay seven minute 20
seconds left he's behind schedule
all of this whole war house Wednesday in
your hand right now
this is just you don't know you're gonna
drop it on the floor what more hints I'm
gonna call your mom and tell her you
doing a great job he's totally not you
till you got this nope
5 minutes and 15 seconds that is the
signature comma smooth that was the most
Thomas rollaway of all time he wanted to
hug you hug Brian don't touch please oh
my gosh
four and half minutes left I got it he
doesn't he does not two and a half
minutes left and he's got two tricks to
do try something else real quick
all right smart decision you got it you
totally got it I would bet money that he
doesn't do this how did you how did your
heart go right now
oh it feels insane under two minutes
Thomas not you so you pause it well
right now so I'm giving him I'm pausing
it what the other people are going but
see like he's back there and pause
that's enough thank you yes one minute
one second actually looks like the boy
ivz tacos 38 seconds okay we've got 38
seconds there's no way three full drives
about three tries three failures about
two tries left
oh one more drop that's right right here
comments him eating sound of failure but
there's the sound of carne asada
so you failed miserably somehow you
didn't you're gonna actually you
actually killed it you did really good
enough yes stuck in the same tree you
have to try to eat ten tacos what kind
of talk is easy you're gonna have you
like mix and match even shrimp tacos
chicken tacos carne asada barbacoa you
realized we're spending like $20 no
we're spending like 30 dollars on tacos
it's worth it it's worth it actually so
we're spending more money on well you
want to try to revitalize yourself let's
do it
I gotta go he's trying to was it called
redeem himself redeem yeah
this is what you get for not landing it
I'm really poor guys but number eight
we're not guys you're actually doing it
Thomas last last one guys there you go
what is your favorite Disney movie
hi dad was a pleasure in my camera
another time
