you know what I need a coffee route what
ha it's your mouth I will read a
literary for know but I can't that girl
we're just little uns i literally fold
no one there's one prior say right now
but youtube what is up guys it is update
a video time which has been a second
since i'm didn't i've done i've been
it's been a second since i've did an
update video and i'm doing it right now
talking about my life about my company's
about everything is going on with my
youtube here so if you care to listen
about my stories and whatnot just keep
keep listening and you already doing it
we wired why i havent even saying this
my life it has been busy of course but
it's been a kind of new kind of busy I
know that after if you've been watching
me for as long as I've been making
videos you don't believe that but
literally hey look I can say literally
now my house is a mess like my wife is
busy and I'm busy and I come home and
I'm like I can't I can't clean you my
Christmas tree is in a box in my kitchen
what weird sentence I mean it was in my
living room and my wife had a day off
she took it down but it didn't get far
just move in the kitchen oh this is
probably the gnarliest what Bryant you
rather I've ever heard he literally had
to interrupt my youtube video that's all
right I love the guy so yeah my life is
crazy because I the being of the year I
had a lot I had a couple trips to do and
I had some family stuff go down in
January my gosh jr. you can fly off to
because it's about band but uh yeah so
I'm slowly I'm getting my life back this
week I'm gonna be I'm gonna work really
hard and then I'm going to next week I'm
gonna take a few days off and just just
clean my house be the Gracie in the
world this is those boring topic I've
ever talked about in a video I'm pretty
sure but it means something to me
and and now you guys know it so great
but I'm busy with amazing things like I
love my job I love my family I love
everything is going on so at least
there's that I'm beyond thankful that
I'm able to be busy with things that I
love on the other side of things that
somebody also is losing their mind
though and that is YouTube I've been
doing this for about nine years so I'm
like I've seen what YouTube does I've
studied it you know I it's my job I take
it seriously
boy this last year and a half it's not a
doozy if you just look at like any
channel you can kind of see this like
things are really screwy but I don't
know what's going on with YouTube but
more than ever I really want to know
what you guys want me to make I mean my
view on this channel has always been
like I'm gonna make whatever I find it
entertaining it's about my life it's not
a skate channel it's not like a skit
channel it's whatever I want to do and
it's always been that way so but I do
want to make things that you enjoy
seeing and it's so weird because I'll
have skate videos do terrible and then
also not have a week of amazing skate
videos and I've been doing this for a
long time so I can predict what I kind
of know what videos do well and don't do
well but now this last year and a half
it's like little YouTube rolls a die
like hey and we rolled into let's shut
these channels off for two days and
they're out of their minds okay just let
me know what you guys want to see but
let's move on I'm gonna tell you all
that my company's starting right now
yeah I received your hat I just don't
know how it works the beginning of the
year is always a little weird for the
companies because you come off the
holidays and everyone's trying to get
their life back and get a head of their
work yeah we had a lot of exciting
things happening and I just I just wish
I had like a twin of myself to manage it
all but um so revive revive of course
has new releases every season but we're
pushing off a lot of revived activity
because we're focusing on this force
thing that's going on in the beginning
of the year for four months
we're gonna go to four different cities
one city each month for like a long
weekend we're gonna film it and we're
gonna put this together into the first
force DVD slash digital download it's
gonna be really awesome we got a lot of
awesome people working on it
and it's gonna be cool first city I
think is Houston starting in February
and then we'll film for the next four
months and then it'll be out probably in
the fall or the winter but it is coming
up this year and I'm really excited and
after that we'll start wrapping our
brains around a really cool revive
project and three-block project for the
little second half of the year so I'm
hoping that you'll see three major
releases of some sort for revive force
and three-block and then of course we're
always working on the next revive video
which will come out in like two years
and people are already putting clips
away so that's an awesome sign next year
of course will start to feel stressed
because the deadline is approaching but
this is like an awesome year for it cuz
we just get to go out and skate and have
fun and hopefully land tricks okay I got
no gosh no we want revenge is a series
that was like the main thing on my
channel for the longest time but
recently it's just it just hasn't been
popular I'm sorry I know I know I don't
do them as much but the fact
they're not doing as well doesn't kind
of motivate me to put so much time into
a video when it's gonna get like 40,000
views when they used to get millions so
I don't know so if you're passionate
about we are avenged like watch them and
share them I do have one that's almost
film that I need to like complete and
put out but if it does continue does not
do well I'm gonna focus more on like
vlogs and where else Wednesdays EDD
would that mean those aren't going
anywhere but like things that I know are
doing well on my channel so that's just
a update because I don't know the future
of we are avenged at this point and I
love making it it's just so time
consuming and it's a lot of work and it
involves a lot of people so it's just
just a thing I'm just letting you guys
know I don't know where it's going after
this I am gonna finish up this saga so
you're gonna at least get like two or
three more episodes or sure but after
that it's up to you so if you like we
are revenge watch it man one thing that
I did not tell you guys about is that I
was in a movie last year they bought a
glad I didn't like go to a set and act
in it but they bought a clip for it and
I was really excited about it it's a
kids movie ok and I told her ride knows
like right it was riders in the clip to
other crime we're gonna be in this movie
and he got excited I gotta decided when
it came out it got the worst reviews
ever
it's the emoji movie they bought the
clip of Ryan and I and it's in a scene
where there's a lot of clips being
played and the reviews were so bad I
didn't actually go watch the movie and
it's out on DVD or blu-ray and I still
haven't seen it so no one's told me they
saw me in this but I know they paid me
for the clip so like they bought it
intending in to use it so it's probably
like some speck in the background but
it's kind of funny because like that's
technically the first movie that I was
in and it was it was it's terrible it is
like if you look on any worst movies of
2017 it's on there but if you guys have
this movie you should look at it and try
to find me and I guess they're
supposedly they enter the YouTube app
and there's a bunch of YouTube videos
and I'm one of them and riding is in
there so if you guys find this maybe
they cut it I don't even know if it's in
the final movie but if you guys do know
about this you should send me a
screenshot on Instagram be like hey you
are and I see you in that speck in the
background I just thought that was funny
that I was in one of the worst movies of
2017 but on the flip side of things
I am actually physically going to be
acting in a movie coming out this year I
told you guys about it last year it's
come pave new world but things are going
very good with it and it's just it's
moving along really nicely so I'll give
you more info I don't know what I'm
allowed to say but I'll give you guys
more info when I know it but it should
be happening soon so I'm so excited I've
always want to get into acting and I've
done it here here and there I did a
couple commercials and I'm looking
forward to it be sure to watch the movie
cuz it's about skateboards in 90s era
skateboarding movie which is like the
best concept ever I like you because of
the 90s in general 80s and 90s like the
greatest eras ever and I'm excited pave
New World
stay tuned I urge you like cats but on
the flip side of things as far as me
enjoying movies and video games
yep 2017 was a Kahler year for movies I
guess I should talk about the Star Wars
last Jedi because everyone whined about
it I feel like I'm the only person than
you just go watch a movie and just be
like that entertained me I like Star
Wars a lot Jedi if they just kept making
copycats like the force awakens was
great but it was just like a duplicate
of the original trilogy and if they
don't try something new and make it its
own thing like it's just gonna feel like
the same old stuff so I was actually
really psyched on last Jedi I saw in a
second time and the things that I was
like on the border with actually liked a
lot better so if you didn't like last
Jedi's I suggest watching it again and
don't let everyone else like you know
cool-guy it I guess you could say and
like just like like oh it's like cuz I
feel like it's cool not to like the last
Jedi I'm just saying giving her a shot I
loved it it was probably my favorite
moment she doesn't 17 and the Marvel
movies were awesome but this year we
have infinity war coming up we have
black panther coming out next month we
sad for both of those but if any war is
going to is I'm excited that's all I can
say about it no that's a lot I could
have said so many more things about no
more trying to kill this farmer's tan
but upcoming videos tomorrow I have a
video that I've been meaning to do for a
long time it takes you guys through like
the day-to-day and how we revive
skateboards works like the whole like
ordering and the process it goes through
until it leaves our where else and goes
to you and we had a killer skate session
in that so watch out for that I have a
Star Wars art
griptape time-lapse on Sunday and then
of course next week you're gonna get a
full week of Awesome videos so just stay
tuned I think I'm like my little list
here video for
here we are avenged I get to wrap up I'm
gonna do a new day in the life soon I
want to try a 720 double flip off a
kicker ramp I'll probably work that into
a vlog but I've got some very fun videos
so just stay tuned guys I have been
doing this for so long and the fact that
I still have people that watch me that
listen to me ramble means the world to
me
I really can't thank you guys enough and
I'm never going to stop thanking you
guys enough even if everyone stops
watching my channel completely like I'm
not still gonna make YouTube is I'm
gonna do it every day but I will always
make videos and just kind of document my
life here and there so I just want to
thank you guys it's been such a long
journey here sometimes I look back and
realize I was like I've been doing this
for a while and I still have fun with it
I'm so thankful to be doing this I'm a
broken record but that's okay because I
just said it was okay why is it okay
it's okay but that's it I hope you guys
have a great day I will see you tomorrow
with the video I said I was gonna do and
yeah if you want to see more from me and
you're not subscribed I don't usually
just talk for an entire video like this
I usually actually have entertaining
stuff in it so I hit the subscribe
button right down below you'll be signed
up to see more and if you wanted
actually if you're one of those people
that my videos don't pop up on their
feed you can just hit the bell button
and that'll like that I did think might
even be more effective than subscribing
to me because that's the thing I don't
know but you guys have a great day I'm
gonna spin this this foam roller sorry
yeah it's a foam roller that is proof
that I don't really think about what I'm
doing in in a video until it happens
because that was not entertaining
this week of one thing is that and like
this is my job
I take it very seriously just like it's
right here actually but more than ever I
really need the race I don't know what's
happening so I have maybe blue ring
gosh but this video I can make a whole
blooper video just misfit get yourself
together
bill why did you know yourself bill does
it make sense but upcoming videos I know
why I shouted that and I'm still
shouting now I'm laughing nervously it's
scary being on YouTube
shut up Andy yeah you like that one like
that crosswalk and then go that way that
was a record I'm not gonna explain
myself yeah that Cliff exists okay
