YouTube what is up guys I'm doing
something I've never done I don't think
I'm done actually you know what I'm
gonna take a second to check my youtube
channel cuz I've done one review but I
think it's been on a sponsor buddy I'm
trying to review my very first video
part today so we're gonna look at it
just hold on I'm gonna make sure I
haven't done this I would like to take
this moment to point out that I spelled
probably wrong on my whiteboard I am a
human being and I make mistakes and I
hope you guys can forgive me on with the
video okay it doesn't look at how I'm
saying so yeah this is from the very
first video I ever put out I was 16 when
I skated in this and I've been skating
for about two years I think and I put
this video out on VHS DVDs existed but
it was just a little more bigger
operation so I put it on a VHS we sold
in our local school this is from my
skate team from when I was in high
school the Beechmont mob if you read my
book which you can get it right down
there it is we were called the crew in
the book the book is like insanely
highly based on things that happen my
life it's like 98% accurate so yeah we
were the Beechmont mob and we put on
video it was called turn lane and this
is my video part from it so I'm gonna
pause it and chop it up and talk about
all the shots in it and I hope you guys
enjoy
unfortunately the song you might be able
to subtly hear it I can't like show you
the video part as it is because it's a
copyrighted song it's no effects
dinosaurs will die which is an awesome
song I used to listen to a lot of punk
rock I still listen to a lot of punk
rock but uh yeah I was rocking some no
effects back then where is this file
skate videos go figure okay turtling
okay here it is and wow this quality's
gonna be so bad I'm sorry this is came a
long way it's gone to like for like I
can't read to a computer to a million
computers and now it's finally on my
laptop here in 2016 I was 16 years old
my film this and um Eric Harrow just
texted me
alright let's watch it alright are we
ready boom
back when ad front blunt to fakie okay
before the gecko this this part I did we
didn't even we had no idea if how to
film video parts I didn't know that you
should just skate street so we like put
flat bar footage in our driveway we've
been skatepark footage there were no
rules back then and especially with my
shoes because look at those shoes I
didn't I didn't look in the mirror and
ever think like do I look alright should
I like probably think about what I'm
wearing it just kind of happened
lipslide I love that rail this is the
corona skate park rail and it's like the
best rail to learn handrails so you did
a bunch of tricks there and they took it
to streets and it was amazing so I also
had no idea to put like the hard tricks
at the end so like like there I did a
lip slide and then I did a front board
fakie I probably should have switch
those around but whatever okay that's an
eight Sarah you see our that was like my
first three double flip that was the AB
or sod on Hollywood no it was not as a
board side on the NKU eight sir which is
not there that was the most perfect rail
in skateboarding and these clips are
very fast on star that I keep pausing
this is a switch 50-50 finger flip out I
don't think I've done that trick since
like I / dimmers that day I was like I
should just switch 50-50 finger woman
and then I did it and that's it that's
in the past was a very large gap my
friend had no idea all of us we had no
idea that like we don't have fisheye
lenses so we probably shouldn't get too
close so half of these spots are way
bigger than they actually look like I
love back circles back when I was pretty
good that's the LA library I think it's
still there but we got kicked out that
day and I would have loved to do more
tricks on it I never got to skate that
spot for more than five minutes so I
never done any tricks on it
Macklin super sloppy backflip to fakie
but I missed that land you with a
dumbest ledge ever but it was awesome
it's pretty big ollie back then came
from a six that gap no angle could
justify how hard that gap was a skate it
was low and long and I liked to this day
I don't think I could three flip it that
was awesome that was so awesome so I got
sacked it didn't like hit me in the
testicles so it just bruised my
undersigned a lot and then I got up and
two tries later I landed boom I was like
the one stylish thing in my part too and
my cells been all over the place or lose
it's pretty big gap alright I could
barely I probably hadn't even oliday
eight sir at that point that's like the
biggest gap where I grew up it's so huge
and it hurt to walk if you watch it
again my knee frickin blew up I
shouldn't have tried it but I just like
I like threw things in the video part I
think this is an awesome foam I'll throw
it in there I missed that ledge so much
that's again one of the smoother tricks
might work that angle was awful sorry
Joe
but that angle was bad I was like a very
like a big big flip I don't know what to
call le a big flip over this gap is more
like a varial flip roll inside well
let's see if my toe drag let's go back
and watch I feel like I want to read
done it if my toe drag maybe it just
looked like I did that was one that was
that was the funnest ledge in the whole
world that's one of the bigger back 180s
I've ever done that was a big ten stare
at University of California Riverside
UCR that's probably my favorite kick
from ever done yeah that's a big gap
another low and a long gap that's all we
had on Beechmont where we grew up I
didn't want to use that for my video
part I remember this this five-o I was
like it's just a five of my friends like
do this so good it's just a 502 this day
it's just fine but whatever you know I
was 16 this is the ugliest killer make
fifty fifty you could have I could have
done to Casper flip no life infinity are
the best ledge that's ever existed
that's got torn out it was so good
here's a freakin skate park clip I don't
know why I put a double flip on a hip in
my part but that's what happened this
trick I didn't even land it I just was
so sight that's like a three bubble net
gap because they're so big full cab
there you go high three fill this gap
earlier my part now I'm kicking it
graduate this one was way smoother and
like the angles better but uh I've been
doing one foot of nose grinds my entire
life clearly cuz that was a chicken like
Tony Hawk pro skater thinking always
like oh I'm good I felt so good that was
the dumbest roll away I could have had
but I love that joke I feel so good now
my back lip another three double bunny
trick there forgive me for in camo pants
because I'm not Doug just tells install
I do that you wear camo I just thought
that looks really cool that burial if
I've also come to use my part because it
wasn't hard from even back then and this
next trick look at that okay that I was
skating for eight months when I did that
kickflip alright
that was the trick that when I did it
all the kids at school I realized I was
like a real skateboarder cuz they used
to call me poser and say I would never
get good at skating and they used to
hate on me but I did that trick and
everyone was like ok man
you're good alright if moral of that
story though is don't choose your
friends by the skate tricks they do just
be nice to everyone and be friends with
me want to be alright this is the ending
of my part everyone felt amazing a touch
I just want to keep going that one took
a long time ok that backside flip and
that double flip is probably my favorite
facts of a Padova but I've ever done
that was an RCC at Riverside I filmed a
lot in Riverside but that's like the
greatest double set to exist that was
Christmas Day and I thought it was a
good idea to wear red but it turned out
awesome I was probably one of my
favorite days of skateboarding ever like
I just stayed at that spot in Thailand
of that and I remember when I landed
that double flip I was so were
overworked I like charted dry heaving
and puking but I didn't have anything to
puke up so I just kind of like was in
misery for a while it was awful but yeah
that was my video apart from beach my
mom's first video turn lane and I hope
you guys dug it I definitely didn't know
what I was doing I didn't know how to
sink certain things with the music and
whatnot it was like one of the first
things I've ever added I put skatepark
stuff in there and then I just kind of
threw together whatever I had but the
video came together everyone all the
dudes back then had a video part in it
it was a lot of fun it was just we
wanted to skate and have fun and goof
off it we made a video of it and that's
what it was um like I said this is
talked about in my book like the old
story of everything I went through
including this video being released is
in my book and that'll be a
we'll be a link right down there but um
hope you guys dug this um I'm sorry if I
paused and cut it up so much so all in
all I mean like there's a lot of things
to point out and complain about at video
parts but I was 16 I've been skating for
about two years and I was looking back
I'm pretty happy that I put together
that sort of skating for the amount of
time I'd been skating and I'm happy
about so a lot of people probably saying
like Andy would have used ooh big gaps
and stuff and I want I was younger so I
just naturally jumped down stuff this
these days I feel like I'm Way better
and have more board control overall like
I feel a better skateboarder than I did
back then that's for sure and you got to
keep in mind that if I land something
these days down to get gap or rail I'm
probably not gonna put on YouTube I'm
gonna save it for my video part but yeah
I would love to be in California skating
all the time and able to jump down stuff
and get more tricks like that to
everyone probably thinking that like I
was way better back then um maybe at
foot tricks down gaps but that is it
like that is the only thing I was better
at and during this video part and even
now today if I roll up my sleeves like a
deuce way bigger flip tricks down gaps I
feel like 10 years ago I probably
would've made for myself a lot more but
I'm pretty psyched I'm the next video
part is is all that a lot of the tricks
are sloppy and you guys want to see more
like this I will totally do more because
I have two other video parts that I
could review actually three other video
parts I could review um that would be
fun so let me know if you guys want to
see more but if not I will see you guys
tomorrow cuz you daily videos hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
from me and was it because have a good
day
Bry names face ladies and gentleman he's
it's kind of creepy now think about it
he's always it's not staring at me if he
was staring at me I'd be weird but he's
kinda just looking at the ceiling
Bryan's weird where am i weird for
having his face on my desk I don't know
have a seat Sam Taber do you when you
come in here do you automatically think
you're gonna get you may look like an
idiot or pay I guess is a good option
yeah something easy you just get the
checker made look like an idiot
okay so sit down and watch this video
okay and that's a reaction video yeah I
miss my rose have you ever seen my first
video here is what we're gonna sue you
um here see my first video part yeah you
have okay you're gonna just watch it and
you can tell me what you think okay that
was the weirdest kick your feet come off
the board every other boom there you go
what do you think
