I'm going to work hey are you - what I
love you you'd be good to take a you
ready to go skate camp later on what all
right you'll be good until then Wow
because you dropped icing on my book bag
because I haven't clean it off
fully yet I'll see it a little bit okay
I love you I love you ended the Keith's
video gonna come now tomorrow good bye
okay I am off to work but I'm not gonna
be there for long because it is another
skate camp day except today is the big
product choice I'm going to get a bunch
a skateboards and t-shirts and stuff to
throw out I'm gonna get that stuff at
the warehouse and then I'm gonna go to
skate camp and hanging out with kids
skateboard and I'm actually bringing
riding this time so it'll be a really
fun skate camp session but right now I'm
going to get coffee and breakfast
sandwich which is such a phenomenal time
of my day because I wake up so hungry
because I'm on a diet and then I get to
eat it oh my gosh yet it's gonna be
amazing
alright let's do this coffee shop smell
freaking amazing I'm just going to put
that out there they like this smell
better than coffee tastes pretty sure
and I like coffee
the one thing I eat everyday that could
be way better for me I'll really eat the
bread though it is so good if I did good
morning Casey these are my sunglasses
I'm going to Hawaii next month so I need
my Hawaiian sunglasses sorta Betty
another dude thank you for giving my
banana back are we go to the freakin
comic time today yeah that'd be good I
want to do that aim to do that
okay I'm gonna get what you get back to
that alright so yeah for those of you
who are blue is my video which is
probably not a lot of people out there I
own and operate provide skateboards with
Brian names the bearded dude and I don't
have a lot of time and they're in the
office here before I have to go to the
skate camp but I am going to prep some
team rider checks and get them sent out
and then I'm going to fall planning okay
we're already planning the fall we
should have already planned the fall by
now but yeah this I'm doing and then I'm
gonna get a box together that probably
talked
and I'm out of here and routing
downwards right now shirts we need some
freaking shirts think even more on
winter we need to have like some
accessories stuff that we've never done
before
okay the battery died well in that box
together but I have my box I'm gonna go
let's go to skate camp and hang out
skate and throw some free gear out
all right so we are here at Ali's and
the babysitter is nice enough to bring
retina which will make his day that's
awesome it's always fun I do this once a
year I always make sure I bring right
I'm gonna put on right now so you're
because you're what you're so excited
that's it all right let's go inside so
apparently there's like a
glow-in-the-dark skateboard and everyone
showed up with lights and is skating
with it that's pretty awesome there it
is all right here under your jump trick
let's do it over let's do it right over
there all right do it oh you got try it
again make sure your feet are spread
over the bolts okay it makes it easier
yeah now go
there you go you're gonna go play that
lasted long so Craig on a scale of one
to ten do you think it's hot in here
Inferno inferno it is do you remember
that one time John Hale wore blue pants
he does every single time he comes
Ollie's like specifically here that was
a good feeble
that one's bigger than shred quarters
pop-tarts dude so now we're gonna go
jump into halfway buddy that's big as
dangerous
alright so Craig dude I am super sweaty
Craig's gonna lower him down really
farkas Craig seven feet tall and I'm
gonna be down there I'm just being a
paranoid paranoid but it's really scary
because I don't want to speak to hit him
to go forward like play hold on
wow I looks terrified
alright go to be five nah it's too big
next year okay was it fun what now you
do it
Craig goes way farther than emails he's
this is insane yeah I'm ready I guess
are you oh my gosh that is insane
all right look at the board that he just
dropped in on hey close okay
that's impressive sounds amazing
apparently dropping in in a sleeping bag
is a thing and you go really far oh my
gosh hey that's good we're doing a
product op dad
Wow skeleton day what's happening oh
it's the mellowest week since I've been
here at skate camp
that just means all these dudes are
gonna get something oh you got throat
high riding there you go yeah okay great
oh you did it too oh all right
all right since you didn't get a shirt
you're gonna deck automatically okay we
have another deck someone else gotta get
a deck too
you go and have your arms wide open to
hit you in the face don't catch this
open-faced okay okay ready saber saber
oh my gosh Oh like I like cringe so hard
and the finale get out of the mini ramp
John everybody
okay I was there for a little while I
you typically only go for an hour but
today went on for like an hour and 40
minutes it's noon skating is a little
easier later on the afternoon for me but
I had fun right Neda blasts the kids
headphones that is all that matters
I'm going to grab lunch and I'm going
back straight course let's do this
it is soup time especially after skating
and sweating that much I'm ready for the
soup to be amazing and I just finished
season two of the last minute er which
is a fantastic show you all should watch
that and I don't know what I'm gonna
watch but I'm gonna watch something and
I may eat my soup then I'm gonna get
right back to work because I've got a
phone meeting today I've got to edit
tonight's video that goes up which is my
1 million subscriber celebration cake
pocalypse hello stuff I didn't talk I
spelled probably wrong by the way that's
horrible hey that's supposed to be an
Trailer Park Boys it is my desk is
horrible messy a little bit lunch is
done I'm gonna get to work editing but I
have a phone call with Anthony Mosely
who's a super town's escaped where he's
been the game for a while and now yeah
phone call meeting with him and Brian in
like 20 minutes so I'm gonna add as much
as I can have that phone call then get
right back to here to entity in 14 clips
into the program though they didn't have
the normal cases I got hey Anthony
what's up dude right through the camera
ok so I did not get all of my editing
done but it's an easy video so I'll be
able to finish up the night easy enough
I just come on get him ahead of myself
because I have an LA trip coming up and
it's harder to edit when I'm on the road
gotta wrap up some stuff in the
warehouse then we're gonna go to a comic
shop which is funny because I'm just
talking about not having time for
editing and I'm going to a comic shop
but you got to live life Michael
the CEO he's not injured anymore so I
just decided to call Michael the CEO
Wow wow you guys are already done here
yeah how was your coffee this morning
good good did you dibban Anna I did it
was not that good
you should have punched somebody though
it made it taste better don't punch
people people okay
she said that but Casey for real though
dude don't okay if that tongue comes out
your mouth I don't oh my gosh are you
going to comic shop with us cool then go
home I'm gonna hang on the door the
doors over there okay I'm a door of
Jordan hunters over there yep not Ryan's
face has passed pass transfer finally
getting out of here
alright so it's the comic shop and then
home oh shoot I got out yeah I've read I
got to go to some preschool cuz ridin is
starting preschool like legit preschool
he's been in kind of preschool at a
daycare place now he's starting
preschool at this other place so I gotta
go like do a tour and get a vibe for
tonight
comic shops are dangerous yeah for you
yeah and for me yeah especially if they
have more than comics if they have like
little collectibles and stuff yeah this
is gonna yeah you hope they have a bank
count after they have a full-size boba
fett I don't want that and he's alive I
I still I really don't want that they do
have stuff saver they do right in the
head look just a thing of Ryan Chambers
face I buy it just looking at him like
that like how care all that you would if
they had you that you wouldn't buy you
prefer man that that's the one that's
the one all right I made it out I spent
60 bucks a man do comics that I got some
magic cards you guys know enough about
me you know that I started skateboarding
because I hung out in a comic shop so I
like to feel like I'm 14 again and
grabbed some old like busting packs of
magic or something and then Ryan and
saber told me I have to read this Han
Solo comic book so I got that I'm gonna
go home and I'm gonna be a responsible
adult and hang out with my family it'll
be fun
I'm home hey buddy did you build a fort
on the couch but I'm gonna get cleaned
up I'm gonna shower and this little guy
hey you should play in your playroom
buddy I don't want you watching the TV
all day well that's fine you can play
with the right here buddy that's a fun
game play with that okay and my wife is
out of the shower so now it is shower
time for me what you build oh is a
fountain put your shoes on boy
we're leaving Bowen I love you I love
you sonna have you guys noticed but Ryan
has a different car shirt on because he
somehow from the door to the car spilled
a bunch of water on himself so a we had
a chain all right let's go
so nobody believed him but the squirrel
totally was a firefighter all right so
we're gonna go check out this daycare
and we're not gonna bring you guys with
us we will return though right and mom's
trying to get yeah let's go what you
think buddy dad you liked it so yeah
that took a little longer than I had
hoped he's actually going to his gram
Mon grandpa's the nights for the night
because they're watching him in the
morning I don't have a lot of time with
him so I'm we're gonna get grab some
food and go home and eat it I wanted to
go to the park but I love all time so
we'll see maybe we'll just play at home
today
but yeah it's a dude's day today because
my wife has some get-together that I was
invited to to write and I were invited
but I got stuff to do to prepare for LA
and I gotta edit and gotta have him so
she's just going by ourselves dudes day
it's how Albert Einstein invented the
potato right we're at Panera I just
assumed all pterodactyls were naked that
is dinner for a four-year-old so on
normal night sweetie the dinner table
but sometimes on dude nights we eat on a
blanket and actually watch TV while we
eat so probably fun and here is my half
salad which in the fish line looks big
but it's actually not big
I'm max rock yeah did Lizzie come up
with any place to the playroom right
beigel agrees oh wow you clean today
maybe get mom cleaner did you quit
oh do you just feed chef Jeffrey yeah
honey I'm me I'm glad the a is in now
and and block the wasn't single and he
did not grab that with it yeah there he
is
maybe he's a ninja turtle you want to
play with the Ghostbusters you don't put
the Ninja Turtles okay it's just a ninja
turtle kind of day I guess who uh all
right we're the bad guys we are down
there no okay huh huh uh I'm in the
wrong cartoon wha mmm this Michelangelo
has a permanently weird look on his face
you know he just said no way it's like
you he was arguing with me what do you
say hi Queen I agree it is bath time
it's a bummer way to get the flat side
but it is so hot and muggy from all the
rain storms earlier that we're not
missing too much right you have the
coolest shower curtain of all you are
ready to go hey let's come in here
thanks daddy
I love you Bobby Oh Oh for what for give
me a bath I love you too don't you love
me because I'm combing your hair all
right set up
you're good I one time traded our lives
is that Momo Tahoma you're already
playing with more stuff aren't you what
are you building right I'm more than you
do that's pretty awesome
hey I gotta go hi I had the best day
ever with you yeah I love you be good
I will die we'll definitely be good bye
guys what Wow no Friday morning right so
you might see me tomorrow
all right so that is the end of my day I
am going to clean up this house I'm
going to edit four hours then I'm going
to call it a night every night every
single time I ever end what are these I
always have hours of editing atomy but
uh so there you guys go but my wife is
still not back
oh no I don't have a wife I'm alone in
the house right now yes design nine
o'clock but thank you guys for watching
I hope you enjoyed the video I'll be
back with a day-in-the-life 38 40 48 I'm
a dummy 48 soon until then I freakin
founder and take a bike cuz it's the end
of the deal see ya no I said say goodbye
goodbye goodbye
right in hey what's this storm sure
we're gonna do right here I try to get
somebody done years ago buddy hey wait
did you just say I'm trying to do
something I don't need you to talk no I
said I'm trying to be something I don't
need you that's exactly what I said
uh maybe a please maybe just dad could
you please not talk I don't know either
way it sounds rude right in
