Casey what video are we doing top-five
gamers you actually know we're doing
yeah and I came over here I was like he
put him in a film Casey needs to be like
I have no idea what you're doing
Sam yeah it has nothing to do you know
hey where is him he just went to find
you oh my gosh dude I
I told you I said never mind why are you
thank you this car okay
have fun with it come on let's go come
on now they're all here you guys want to
go to the gloomy rocks
yes sure I feel like terrible outside
it's society so I'm sure it is terrible
in some fashion it's quite hot and muggy
and gloomy yes we nailed it with the
guestimation on the weather you know
you're doing wearing a hoodie yeah under
me in the video yeah I do name in five
skate memories yeah it was nice about
Brian is that he didn't have a chance to
think about it talked about me because I
didn't have I had those responses I know
I know to think about it you didn't have
time to think about running a skateboard
company would be one of the first things
you'd think it would but not when you
just like he ran wait can we like ask if
I told you it was what's your five
favorite foods right now could you tell
me or just screw it up I mean I don't
know I'm gonna probably do pretty good
job five skate memories this is his face
is Sam Tabor I call him Sabre
what do you call him Sabre idiot alright
so right off the bat get your bat out
and what is your first of the top five
skate memories in your life I'm gonna go
and order I'm at like like age Oh first
very good skate memory was kickflip when
I learned to kickflip I was like seven
or eight and I had a Hot Wheels board
and I was just in my cold a sack they
make those oh yeah there was a hot was
bored oh yeah it was like a Walmart it
didn't roll it really didn't and dad
there's this movie called MVP two about
a monkey oh my gosh you showed me that
yeah it's about a monkey and at the kid
is a newspaper boy and he's totally like
riding down the street and he just busts
a kickflip but he'd leave my Hot Wheels
bored he had a good board it was an
orange weird on that may way more
impressive yeah yeah I i rewatch it over
and over again it was on a VHS and I
just watched it over and over again and
that like taught me how to kickflip
but it took like a year so one day I did
it and I just stood him stood and looked
at my board for like ten minutes
school sucks I did my
remember your first cake I know mine was
a heelflip I talked about in my top five
Brian settle down number two
okay moving on what does he do I hang
out with you
second one I feel I got more than five
the cool things about well I want to
narrow it down to like really good one I
used to watch Minich Maudie all the time
with my brother which I used to watch
that like every day with my brother stop
stealing my escaped memories like you
literally stolen two of my skate
memories you said you know no remember
how to kickflip it was sorry anyways
wasn't any money
okay well me my brother used to watch
Minich mati like every day for a long
time and that was awesome
except the only part I really remember
was part of sorry dude
I mean skating is phenomenal but when I
heard that song oh yeah it changed my
ears I literally probably went deaf
shortly after it actually mr. good years
but in a good way
all right Brian win over we all man
three he drinks soda water it's weird
because you know why I did that
know you always talk about how we should
do things a hundred percent yes okay the
reason I did that is because you're
always saying we need to do things more
meaner to you this hon right so now do
you agree with your coke your soda on
the gas you finally did a good job there
yeah I should punch it right now okay
number three number three um when I was
like 12 years old my brother at filming
of it my brother got me into skating and
he had he was filming me and at the
Louisville skate park when it opened and
I spent like three hours trying to
double kickflip off a ledge yeah and I
did and it took like three hours and it
right when I did a bunch of bikers were
like freaking out that was cool
good that's just a phenomenal it's on
video it's on video somewhere I start
freaking out and a bunch of bikers
really high five minutes is it on
YouTube no I don't know where it is it's
sound like a cassette tape at my
grandma's house so that moment your
heart was just beating for skateboarding
yeah and biking I did a turkey ride it
took me like four and a half hours
that's what I can relate that's a good
trick when you landed it was horrible it
was no I rolled away really
good with the actual career I was like
the worst thing in the world all right
number four four was definitely getting
on revive wouldn't even that I mean that
was a cool day but like it was the whole
process leading up to it cuz I like
drove up here all the time like twice a
week I feel like and it was like an hour
and a half drive it was fun super fun we
all hung out all the time you got
sponsored because of your driving I did
because you showed effort I really did
and that's gonna anger people but like
if you want to get sponsored show a
company that you you want to be a part
of it so just drive across the country
drive across the country if you want to
know uh revive as a family
and then this give you like a probably
about twenty times a better stable or
now to progress so much when when I met
Andy I pretty much just knew had a
varial kickflip yeah so and now not
really I mean I used to know how to and
now you know heelflip I can do this but
yeah that was fun and the hashbrown
experience was fun and then right after
the hashbrowns we went to a skate park
don't need the best do you remember that
when I when I ate it immediately do you
remember how hard I felt no there's like
a ramp up to a picnic table and I was we
got out of the car and I rolled up the
ramp wasn't looking and did a front flip
off the picnic table the day I don't I
don't remember that at all here's Roland
buying with like that like I died I mean
I met Casey oh yeah and there is a fifth
memory but the microphone it didn't die
like the battery came loose just for
like the last topic and the outside of
the video so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna call Sabre right now and we're
gonna be blast memory to finish this I'm
so sorry I clearly need a new mic
battery case came off and the battery
pops out so uh but let's get your v
scape memory right here right now okay
let's call him it didn't even rain hey
dude yeah so the the battery in the
microphone battery came loose so what is
your fifth skate memory for his dude
trips are good yeah that's what you said
no dude we came to the realization that
it was the California trip where Jason
like hung out for the first time
yeah mediate meeting him was awesome and
seeing like a bunch of professional
skateboarders or people that should be
proud
yeah well Jason is now bro well deserve
to but dude that trip was a mate that
was like eight solid days of just the
best skateboarding and hanging out I was
I was probably the best we ate tacos
that's what I'm doing this trip
yeah it's taco dad I got to lose weight
man which doesn't make sense but I only
like two tacos a day yeah I'm the only
guy on the diet okay but thanks for
doing this dude sorry the last question
wasn't in depth guys but you know it's
on the phone so sabers say goodbye to
the camera and his his channel is right
down there in the info right all right
I'll see you tomorrow to go to
California
yeah oh shoot yeah hold on I gotta tell
you something super important okay
that's it guys definitely check out
Sam's channel it's right down there in
the info and then here's the cat otter
otters gonna say something really
important no okay fine
don't don't that was your one moment
otter
this rock I I think I think it's gonna
break in half
are you ready oh I mean are you gonna
like oh I thought you were gonna break
with your hands up or I tried to it
didn't work though second tonight
