Ryden what time is it
no cake pocalypse a cake pocalypse can't
take Pabu it yes it is we got a bunch of
cakes we've got cupcakes and we're gonna
throw these at me why are we gonna throw
these at me I know it's on cake pops day
I recently hit 1 million subscribers
that's insane that's amazing it's
something I literally never thought was
gonna happen when I started doing this
and it happened my gosh I don't know
I'll even know to say I will think a lot
of people and a heartfelt thank you to
you in just second but let's get on
welcome I didn't thank you yet John said
that you might not even be a list you
might not be in a list okay so they
didn't have the normal cases I got so we
got birthday cakes and lemon meringue
pies so it's cake pie pocalypse but
it'll do I'm gonna be covered well
aren't I
and I called all of my friends and these
are the people that showed up plus my
wife and my kid I know I think all you
guys are in no I did it on the fly but
these guys are super nice enough and
they dropped everything they were doing
to come here and KP he made us now look
at what taking another person but I
dropped I came you speak Spanish because
if you don't stop all right
it begins right now you guys ready I'm
ready born ready all right let's do it
all right ready yeah oh wait no I'm not
ready okay oh my god
oh no God I got it I got it
no he's doing oh you frightened my
freaking ear like that
gosh you guys suck that was so cool dude
perfect actually worked earlier the wife
gets two now and I really wish I glasses
come on ready in Oh
oh it's like the Titanic the Titanic and
now the little girl right come on buddy
on the knees go on or kneel down smash
me oh right he wanted to hit my belly
all right right and you get to get the
last lemon meringue pie and really get
me okay all right
no come here buddy
oh no don't do that you're you can do it
to me now
you want to do this to me all right get
me good oh I thought that was going
right through the camera what would that
let's try this again right in you know
don't eat it right me right in the face
of the face oh no no don't wipe it on me
oh I can't see I cannot see what are you
white doing to my head
please and I'm I need I need wow I don't
think I've ever been this covered in
cake before no I don't wipe it
do not wipe it you know wipe it right
get back are we done just miss are we
done yet Dean they're throwing things Oh
hit me right in the Wiener
oh stop hitting me there okay please
hurry
ah I can't see and I'm afraid to move
all right are we done are we done oh my
gosh stop it you're feeling I feel like
Gollum oh my gosh Talan water here there
you go it was so bad if I paranoid now I
open my eyes and there was just a sugary
pain ow
was it a punch or a cupcake this is off
don't water on sit Subban you want water
on the towel I need to borrow my
eyeballs here I'm important to head
forward on you like get off your face
I feel like Willy this is what Willy
Wonka has nightmares about is right now
probably more of a dream all I can see
is that everything that hit me yeah yeah
you guys
can I just not realize it I just blew it
one time I guess I got some thank yous
my cell phone is in my pocket for real
this time I like it actually
how am I get it out of there dude dude
you don't know you're doing it's a case
again yeah you're fine I really should
do a thank you video listening every
single person I want to thank because
basically everybody that's ever watched
my videos everyone that's ever been in
my videos I owe so much to I'm so super
thankful I really mean it from about my
heart I just want to specifically thank
everybody in the revive force and shred
quarters family specifically Alix
viewing was the dude that I contacted
when I wanted to start all of this he's
been there since the very beginning I
love you dude
Brian Eames my partner in crime with all
this stuff
Sam Tabor every single person on revive
seriously from the bottom of my heart
guys it would take so long for me to
list everyone so if you've been in my
video if you work with me if you've ever
watched my videos shared it liked it
commented all that stuff it seriously
means everything from about my heart I'm
not even gonna try to specifically name
anybody else because it would just be
really tough but I of course want to end
with my very supporting and loving wife
and my little guy who we have a blast
making a lot of the videos and of course
all you guys right now John Hill easy
Sam I love you guys and this has been a
dream come true you know I was working
like four jobs and just not sleeping
making videos in my spare time and it's
turned in on something much bigger and
it has made my entire life I mean it so
I love you guys I'm gonna do so many
more videos I'm not going anywhere and
I'm not gonna do these every hundred
thousand maybe I'll do every like a five
hundred every half million if I keep
going I'm not going to just assume I'm
gonna keep growing that much but you
know what that just means two million be
that much bigger how dumb do I look
right now junk off there like really
stupid election make the man hey you go
oh my gosh hey you guys I'll be back
tomorrow I do daily videos that's it
right in what is he doing you're putting
is
we're done here
no no no no look at you eating somebody
find a bath and just throw this guy in
it no no sir
look I've longer arms you can't do
anything you can't do you're kicking me
stop
say bye YouTube go jump in a lake right
in hey I love you but still go jump in a
lake
