no yeah I'm gonna sit down dude he fell
he fell hard don't walk in the puddle
yeah no we're just like walking I'm
waiting for him to catch up right now
I'm gonna sit here John I deserve right
now oh my gosh Josh no oh is that Katie
what are we doing today it's for summer
release we're gonna turn around and walk
back go get a good job he'll all right
don't leave me stand it it's we made it
 out here for no reason okay so it's
forced time right now there's stuff
available to just talk you're not
they're not available at all it's coming
out tomorrow night so like 18 hours
after this video goes live and then the
product will be released tonight it's
not tonight tomorrow night so 18 hours
after you're seeing this with your
eyeballs it's gonna be available it
comes out on Thursday technically
Thursday more tomorrow all this stuff
comes out summer fall no summer force
suburb force we're gonna go show you
whatever you did made me to be able to
talk better we're gonna go say to the
new product guys okay alright was gonna
do that right look Annie Walker did I
scare you when I popped a fire yeah I
don't know what that was it wasn't a
firework he was supposed to have some
too but I forgot to give it to him he's
on the phone doing business he's
immediately on the phone dude
immediately it's so hard to get him to
even do these anymore
you were making fun of him by being he's
actually doing I'm taking this off you
want your camera let's watch the intro
okay dude it's
why is John dude this is only forever
man
it's on the phone you're good this where
does Wednesday sucks no one was taking
this seriously except me oh wow I just
did it I finally get easier local Best
Buy for $9.99 got your batteries
flashing so that's I know it are you
ready are you ready okay it was fourth
of July yesterday we're making I found
this amazing like Best Buy for $9.99
okay your best bar for today is it's a
reoccurring theme you nothing there's
nothing here is 99 I'm gonna have you
show the first series of wheels after
they float on I'm gonna call Brian
chambers I'm gonna call a battery in
Cole Ryan Shawn brace yeah the battery
yeah new battery becoming okay what do
you want start with our hats those are
the hats to be serious
why how am I not serious you're the one
phone call I'm surprised you're not
calling for one about watch once we do
next
we got the distressed hat coming at you
okay this is a snap back the back of it
snaps we got that logo
the wheels they snap Brian this comes in
black and then this color okay
some people like to call it gray some
people like to call it like hollow tree
I call it green yeah I'm calling it grim
it's glad just to call it grey okay look
well switch your mouth now get this head
and you gotta wear your head in so I'm
going with this one for this video who
designed the pet Ryan chambers he did
not nobody actually kind of came up with
this just that just Elgin design I was
actually brings the back thank you honey
yeah I'm sweaty sorry let's go to like
it yeah brand-new to olds coming out and
John should do an evidence okay we won't
tell him anything needs to tell us about
the product
black-on-black say horse distress okay
look face it's got a new graphic on it's
the same thing as every other skate tool
it's ever happens got a ratchet it's got
a screwdriver Allen if you're weird
Phillips if you're normal you can
scratch the grip tape it's called a
skort thing it fits all the things in
your staple John yup next
what don't you stop talking about Allen
and pick up that and talk about it
alright think about this that no no no
this the wheels this Johnson showing off
he does nothing about super-unique hoody
with these white things right here it's
so lightweight right now I can really
feel this in my hands and also has the
force super different from all the other
rail you can't just a super okay only
super it's super sick he he owns the
word super you can't say like but it's
almost like a half tone think yeah yeah
it seems like within there's like some
of it has dots and some of it doesn't
and I call that half tone exactly what I
guess half tone graphic white it's super
comfortable that's the main thing you
talk about this is one of the more
comfortable it is you'll ever put on new
t-shirt okay we've never done in this
colorway before some of you may think
these are nacho chips they're not
they're not 32 here anyway this is a
crumble team he asked me what to call it
now doesn't crumble and he was like all
right when you said tortilla chip first
so we're not going with that one yeah it
should be called that so it's here and
then it looks cool so you should wear it
if you want it right here we have the
circuit tee
it doesn't actually look like a circuit
but when I when I envisioned this I come
up the concepts for most of our graphics
and then somewhat 8jp in this case make
it better than my brain and this is this
responsive book kind of certainty and it
doesn't but it looks cool and it's
called circuit okay
so if you thinking I want to wear blue
up and I want to agree in the same time
you wear this shirt and then you're good
I really like that crap I like to it
looks really good I'm gonna not wear the
shirt cuz it's not red but I would did
you get this made for me in red no but
you guys can wear it because you're not
a weirdo that only wears red shirts so
yeah JP made this and a tortilla chip
shirt frumble to crumble shirt Thank You
Jaime and then he did the hoodie - I
think you did although Harrell so far
has made this a bad so we call this the
nacho chip no sticker grab the blue corn
tortilla chip you get it is a blue this
is the blue Accord okay we're dead it's
the exact same corn tortilla chip
sticker back can we please no dang it we
back design as the crumble tea except in
blue and you get ten of them
yeah you get ten for a one pack 999 five
bucks five bucks
Best Buy yes yes it's whatever five five
dollars $9.99 let's get to the meeting
it's an against that the missing are you
gonna go first and they're on the screen
right here right I'm sorry buddy
so what Phil Valois I just a Phil I'm
sorry i stern how to pronounce your last
name like five minutes ago so make
multiple phone calls make it happen so
but Phil they'll walk Hill that wah
design these super super cool killed it
does look awesome like so good I came up
with an idea and he made him way better
explain your concept here I just it was
like the I liked the what when you see
the rest it was called the missing
serious so this guy's kind of like lost
his head you know like I just felt like
that was a cool imagery and that's what
he drew it like that he put the dotted
line in he made it look all spiffy
15:51 those came in all right and new
new new graphic right here boom these
are the brain missing brain okay these
are my favorite I like these a lot
he's going 55 and 54 so then missing
brain super cool cat these red sweater
these are the missing heart alright 52
and 53
those are my favorite Tom likes those a
lot I can I do a warm color ways fill
that wall you killed it
he did
you freaking kill the dudes out Phil
hope you guys like this like Phil we're
into the Pro Series do you until I get
weirder in the product release videos
yes oh why is the last revived predator
this was a very very weird and this is
this may be weird
Jason yes all right so this is the post
the picture up tubular Metro 80s style
moves you ever watch to see by the Bell
of Fresh Prince these could be in in
those users to be there those are my
favorite let's move on to Doug D I think
dogs are my favorite koulouri burrows
they both bring so much to the palate
these come in 52 and 53 so boom they're
on the screen
those are my favorites tails if you ever
felt like right maybe we shouldn't go
there that's not what I meant okay we'll
just keep going and let's not least here
in Congress these are actually my theory
yeah these are my favorite these are
your fur collars you said my husband's
work some of us like eight my favorite
all right
and there on the screen boom Aaron Cairo
have you ever felt like having Eric
carros name on your skateboard and you
don't have his board
you haven't even get these wheels and it
was the same thing okay okay all this
goes up on the Shred quarters tonight at
midnight
that is what does it actual dates is it
the seventh when it clicked to the
seventh here in Ohio which is Eastern
Standard Time
it'll be live and you guys can get all
this stuff I'm really psyched on this
lineup
hi we love this release I hope you guys
dug the graphics - thank you to all the
designers and thank you to John Hill for
standing here even though it didn't
really neat mean to you but he's gonna
state board we're all gonna do some
tricks for you but that yeah tonight at
the straight course calm and you can
always do any shops have this yet no
shops have this okay and then shop speak
area very soon so ask your local shop to
grab them if they haven't already
that's it cool right
there is so what's it what a
disappointing unfilled
back-to-back thank you hey there guys go
the fall the summer force product goes
tonight and midnight on the strike force
calm and in your local skate shop very
soon so uh join me on revive please go
buy a sponsorship of Best Buy for $9.99
hey you have eight seconds to a Smith
around on this rail eight seven six that
was so dumb I thought you were gonna
have to go back and get speed that's why
I said any second what a stupid bonus
clip this was
