hey hey hey whoa whoa hey America
bailing me is it unboxing time
all right you go up to your playroom
okay no don't look I totally got this
frightened he's been helping out
cleaning around the house a lot lately
like he wants to so I got this as a
little reward so we're gonna unbox
something from s shoes and then we're
gonna put this together and let's go
surprise it with him good to do right in
are you ready
oh you're sitting at your table you
cleaned it yeah all right there's that
box and this is your surprise whoa yeah
did you know you're getting that what is
it says Star Wars what at well it's not
an action figure it is an x-wing it's a
lego buddy so we're gonna unbox this and
we're gonna put that together is it
selling fun yeah ready for the unboxing
part let's just sit on the ground like
we normally do okay this way you did
good job b5 this is from s shoes
specifically Kelly Hart and then of
course Doc Brown's my dude over there
too thank you guys for all the love and
support you guys giving I ran low on
Swift's lately and I hit up Kelly and I
was like dude I need to skate swish so
the best shoes in the whole world so
right going right to it great over here
show the camera ah be skating some white
shoes guys I like these no it's been a
while since I've skated white shoe so
I'm excited all right
yes tell the camera how you feel about
this you just say psyched because if we
say psych it means like no I'm not
really like psych is like like hey I'm
gonna give you this shoe psych you know
you get it but if you love you like the
shoe I'm psyched lesson I'm teaching my
four-year-old right here by this point I
just want to say that this is my
favorite skate shoe of all time I love
this shoe so much they did make a like a
deep red version of it and I skated that
I really like the whites it look sharp
but I really hope they make a cheery red
one day
now I just really hope they keep making
in general it's such a good shoe yeah so
I'm pretty sure I got three boxes of all
of these white ones because this is like
what they're rolling with right now you
will see these on my feet I will be
skating them soon enough so here we are
three pairs of the white Swift's thank
you very much Kelly Hart and down Brown
s shoes in general when you I get it
here uh you have to grow a little bit
bigger to be able to fit in some s shoes
it is leg at a time we're gonna be open
this up and we're gonna put together you
gotta help me though okay all right he's
getting there slowly but surely this is
food right yeah so I should eat it no
I'm just kidding what there's no and I'm
the instructor above it you did open it
good job so we're gonna pour these out
and we're gonna put it together and I'm
gonna ask for adding some questions
ridin what's your favorite Ninja Turtle
what do you feminine journal I'm laughs
I am is it because he wears red or I
used to say the same thing when I was
kid but now I think my favorite is
either Mikey or Donatello honestly don't
put that in your mouth I guess that's
why kids aren't allowed to have Legos
buddy don't put don't put Legos in your
mouth you put the pilot together and I'm
gonna start on the actual ship okay this
is an x-wing leave that slow explain it
is adorable isn't it building Legos
looking grazing the whole world it's the
most relaxing thing you can do I'm gonna
build some of this that I'm gonna make
you built some of it ok how's that pilot
coming along you rock that look at this
guy
there is will then put in his hand a bit
oh you said you found that way before
you actually found that I believe I can
fire you believe you can dad Hey look
yeah he's got blaster now you see this
piece right here you got to find it and
then you got to put it like on the
bottom you see how it is okay you did
find it all right come to the bottom do
it okay
nail it high-five now we need a piece
you find that piece I'll find this beast
boom now ahead of me I'll do my piece
it's actually looking like nothing so
far but it will look like something all
right hey two of these see you oh you
knew all right put it on boom you're
crushing it um mediocre five will
rocking at me me
Nene's helping a bunch ridin if you
could play with one dinosaur for a day
what would you do you just left
you got has been a dinosaurs
buddy this guy would eat you uh it has
five fingers so I don't think this is
actually a dinosaur
oh it's Allosaurus I'll sources I have
five fingers there's no way I'll source
up five finger I'm Google on this like I
thought it had three fingers three
fingers see it make they were lazy when
they made that toy what it look we need
three of these a light gray a dark gray
and blue account there's one find the
next two okay so it goes blue dark gray
light gray see that diagram we got to
put those on there yeah perfect
look happy there you go you certainly
looked happy all right I'll put this on
here it is in place right Mantha knee
starting to look like an x-wing isn't it
it just doesn't have the wings right
what would you do if you won 1 million
dollars by beef I thought you'd buy 55
toys then just be done with it
pretty good that's good answer I like
more you have enough toys people keep
giving you stuff and you have enough
yeah you need to watch Charlie Chocolate
Factory
there was a girl that wanted more and
more and more okay she got thrown down a
garbage chute or something I don't know
not the fun garment shooting Star Wars
either one wing gun one wing done two
wings four wings what with it let's put
these on okay look
so you gonna grab one grab one of them
alright now for the last month nailed it
there's our x-ray put our guy in boom
he's in there does do you like it one
thank you very much for cleaning up so
much okay he actually enjoyed cleaning
yeah I know you said you're gonna go
help me clean downstairs aren't you hey
I'm serious about you you don't want
everything in the world buddy that makes
life boring okay just be thankful what
you have you have too much we need to
put give some of this to Goodwill you
think chef Geoffrey would like an x-wing
of his own
oh he's in the shrubbery back there you
can't see him thank you for watching my
videos if you wanna see more um you can
I'm typing and Ian can see more of my
baby if you just type in Andy that's all
you need to do i do do daily videos here
myself and he's always in a bunch of
them but i hope you guys enjoyed it
thank you for watching and we'll see you
guys in the future right what do a ninja
kick and I am like the Ninja Turtle yeah
what is the first trick I should do in
these shoes ready I'll be up at this
face all right spoiler alert
I'm not going to ollie into space that
would be cool though wouldn't it you
were putting those on the wrong feet
there is a aaaa
hey bring those shoes back come on he
gets that from me let's not kick shoes
in the house okay buddy
you
