top really cuz that's there's the rift
that's written from sun-filled alright
so we just heard because we have done
enough walking in this city my gosh but
the code on the sphere right here if you
download over and sign up and put that
code in the promotion section you get a
free ride and I get a free ride so it
helps us both out super convenient
especially if you're in a city like this
you can just go there or you know you
can get a ride to the skate park and
don't have to ask your parents to we got
think they have to say your uber up but
it's really cool do that it helps us
both where are we going but we are
getting some lunch
now it's delicious crime marks do you
know me I got that guys cleaning house
to get by Brian you got house
that was such a wonderful decision yeah
you ready kind of nailed that yeah like
what we've done three flip two and a
half flip tricks I'm more slide and
eating today and known to the Nintendo
store didn't open any weirdo skate some
more even though my legs don't funny
fact across the street Benjamin Franklin
invented the game Scrabble right there
is that a funny fact right that's a good
one is it true no this is awful
centering of a lollipop somebody blew it
at the freaking safety pop whatever that
brand is well the spot is in this park
but this park is closed it's JP is
leaving it's a sad moment this pool
randomly due today oh dude yeah I don't
know what I'm gonna see you I will see
you sometime no I'll talk to you we'll
have morning conversations about
graphics wake me up okay this guy has
the best freelance life ever all right
good a great things dude
all right we're at these banks we skated
across the whole city to get here and
we're tired but we're gonna do it Craig
yep you did do it first try Wow
that wasn't at all oh you almost hit the
camera it was gonna be like oh I got
lines for you if I break no that's
alright this one's already broken
actually whoo that's my dude now I got
to get away and he's got to do it again
for the photo
I like that one that was it you did very
well man thank you Brian got some shots
of them all right Stuart ubering back to
the subway because my body is so shot
I'm probably done skating for the day
but these guys we're definitely going to
another spot so we'll see what happens
he like tricks but you don't look tired
at all I know Electric's alright so we
came all the way across Manhattan and we
are under some bridge a little edge spot
and it looks gonna be a lot of fun but
I'm just toast I'm done so I'm gonna
lazily building them with a long lens
and they're skating something over this
way so let's do this oh wow
that's like super tall too does he be
good
high-five yourself how good at that feel
good
what brush just basically the
description of skateboarding southeast
Southwest where sorry there wasn't much
skating today we did a lot of traveling
and we're just exhausted but at least
Craig got an awesome trick for the last
spots and now we're actually gonna go to
the ghostbusters firehouse it's an
actual place it's an actual firehouse
the little kid me is gonna high-five me
I'm gonna high-five me because that's an
adult I'm really excited to see it too
so that'll be cool
what rehabilitation of working liar
we got here and the building is being
rehabilitated so you can't see it let's
walk over there at least we gotta touch
it that's a bummer I was really hoping
to send right in a really cool picture
of it you can see it through the net
like in with my eyeballs but you guys
probably can't see anything that's
awesome
so amazing I'm gonna touch it
touch it you guys got to touch it come
on
to reveal ah p.m. all right well bummer
that just means I'm going to have to
come back here one day and see it when
the get up is it looks like it's like
brand-new looking though like I think
they redid all the bricks because like a
bright orange look to it now I'll come
back one day we're gonna go back to the
hotel and probably die you just cease to
exist just get on the bed and die
I don't
so there you guys go that was the end of
my New York footage it was such a fun
quick weekend but yeah every time I
complained about like skating across the
city and being tired it was no joke as
skating and going up and down stairs for
the subway all the time
it got to be like so physically taxing
that it was really tough to skate that
last day but I guess hope you like the
videos um I definitely want to go back
at some point this year so hopefully
you'll see more New York footage but I'm
traveling a lot during the month of July
so you get to see a lot of new exciting
skate footage coming from us and
lifestyle stuff as I always do but they
guest watching hope you dug it I'm gonna
go you know what just I'm gonna
innocently mess with Brian Eames office
real fast cuz I'm the only one here
right now
Oh what should i do what should I do
doesn't belong here it's not gonna work
but I hope he just walks in and thinks
that's the normal way a desert look this
is really stupid but I like I stared
right here for like three minutes and I
was coming up with nothing so there you
go that's what you get bright news
