it's day two in New York we got JP today
and we're on the Tendo store to start
the day
he's just randomly in New York he does
most of our graphics he's a terrific guy
look it even says it on his head right
now sure if it guy this is if I had to
pick a team to go to the Nintendo store
he would absolutely be in it
I'll order this yeah me too yeah let's
go I'm gonna get coffee and a bagel
first right maybe in the mana that I'm
he this guy got up in Hana yesterday and
just had his back do you still have it
yes it's like brown and dead laying over
there Grand Central coffee Brian this
looks like a New York coffee shop there
Brian they're hiring
pretty good I did not have a bagel so I
got some weird egg sandwiches
yeah like buns we've got Brian Eames
lines at one time we didn't get bagels
because they didn't have it then we
walked 10 feet and there's a bagel place
that's how my life works just talking
about how I wanted a big what bought
something else in front of the guy that
sells bagels
that is a pretty pretty shot home then
you got a waterfall down there and a
cartoonist right there
all right well Craig landed is sketchy
props to trying that though it was a is
a 10 in the morning first yeah you
didn't even warm up you did nothing
other than trying massive nose man
that's good gosh Estonia looks amazing
actually a skincare ad but I saw that
and I was like oh they have Donuts
they're in care of store Jorge early
which does it sounds like a made-up word
we are almost here guys this is a moment
that I've been waiting for for a portion
of my life right there I feel like there
should be a big sign with Mario's face
on it herself
you're like oh I see it gold Mario you
pointed it out of him credit he saw it
first have you been here no okay good
there's Waldo is your heart beating it
is beating as - - wow look at this what
a beautiful thing should we just leave
and then easily so we can come to it for
the first time later in life no okay
yeah let's go in all right there you go
would you go first you go okay thank you
Craig
we're in heaven dude the music the meat
oh my gosh gotta buy this they've got
dude I'm gonna I'm gonna buy this whole
place
was amazing really good look at that
it's amazing how fun would that be to
throw at Bry names look at that we
should we should get things like that of
you and we're first regulars yes
probably imagine a big bike Casey oh my
gosh it's just so cool so what are you
doing
knocking Mario you're the only guy tall
enough that can do that he's like seven
feet tall
he followed JP on Instagram he does jump
cakes everywhere he's actually probably
the best drunk that I know he's really
good at it and he's doing it in the
store that was a good jump kick dude did
you nail it oh my gosh that was just as
amazing as I thought was gonna be I was
super and they were the place that you
just don't want to leave and in fact I
would have bought a bunch of stuff but
we have to skate the rest of the day so
I can't carry around I didn't get a
shirt for ride and then this guy got a
jump kick and now we're going to another
place that I've always wanted to go to
30 rock go to 30 rock oh I see there's a
psycho store yeah 30 rock look at that
horse look at that pony and then we just
so happened to run to another amazing
store yep dude New York's kind of
Awesome this ship works like this right
no cavemen were sighted and there's a
nude legoman as a naked Lego guy
this is a lego rockefeller center they
get a 30 rapper here cumin JP and now
the tourist part of the day is over and
we are going to go skateboard and JP is
actually coming with us so that's cool
should be fun you get to fill the whole
time
okay I'm just kidding
mmm do you listen to ASA bass I wish I
could have just sung the song but some
lady that sold me a bagel yesterday she
said something like do you need a
receipt and I thought she asked me if I
sang like do you sing I don't know how I
got that and I was like I do sing and
she's like what stakes of it for me so
like I sang a song saying no I sang
thrice but in the middle of the bakery
like just saying everyone's like alright
you can sing disparate part wasn't that
good though it was good
he's also oh yeah oh good thanks great
okay so where this spot Brian wants to
she'll be doing a board slide office
which is nothing it's really not that
impressive at all but it slopes down
where you all and I really don't want to
jump at all today I'm so sore and tired
hopefully that's one of those days like
I can't leave out a store entire to
skated the way
there's not much fun over here but my
hand found okay not to be a buzzkill but
I'm gonna stop the video right here and
I'm gonna continue this day tomorrow I
just got back from a four hour trip to a
four-day I'm lying to him sorry four day
trip to LA and it is one o'clock in the
morning and I'm going to bed so hope you
guys enjoyed that section of the day the
rest of this day will be will start up
tomorrow when I upload the next video I
do to hit videos so stay tuned that is
it that's that's super it how does it
I'm gonna go hope you guys have a grand
day until next time
well you know Mikey still haven't found
him you have to get the Domino's yeah I
know it was a Domino's guy he's late at
the beginning movie never pay full price
for late pizza you never want to talk
about the Ghostbusters so you
