this is a YouTube video guys uh yeah
what's up guys I'm able to set up the
video today you guys might have seen it
my little guy ride and picked out
everything for my skateboard and I'm
gonna put it together and show you some
clips of me skating on it so hang out
Craig's gonna film there's Craig
I usually pre grip my boards instead of
videos because I don't want I don't want
to sit here and grip them I'm gonna do
that because I forgot to cool good job
Andy all right first things first this
is an 8 inch revive deck this is the
Ames brothers deck which this is like
too awesome like I might be distracted
like doing a kickflip medic that's
really cool-looking and then I'm falling
because I'm not concentrating on my
kickflip but this is from the summer
line I got am grip grip tape og if you
saw the video we're riding picked it out
he picked up the red base plates those
were the wrong size and I had these in a
newer package that got me gave me so got
the space Orion trucks purple baseplate
pretty cool I got some force hardware
Phillips ahead because Phillips has been
Allen I know everyone disagrees probably
flipping out the typical person doesn't
have that typical person can find a
Phillips screwdriver so that's why I go
to Phil's we got some 54 millimeters I
was trying to go for 53 but riding
picked these so I was like a roll with
it I want to try skating bigger wheels
again I've been skating 52 lately but I
always used to skate bigger wheels and
when I think about it the physics of it
I'm like I roll over pebbles better I
can go faster which makes sense so
hopefully I don't hate these but the
force Wheels in general they're a super
hard Street formula so at least that'll
be good but the size might might be
weird for me I talked about this these
are some prototype bearings because my
buddy Craig is it might be starting a
bearing company and I'm testing him out
so hopefully they don't suck but you
know what you're gonna keep testing to
get a good product eventually so
hopefully these are just it right off
the bat I'm putting together with a new
force tool it's like an all-black tool
like a metallic black with matte black
and it has a force Wheels logo on there
and I put together your skateboard ride
and picked out a verse for specific
stickers let's put this together I think
the topic of the Shred quarter I think
this can't talk how about that I can
trim this plastic I can't talk alright
that's rubber bands going ham drip you
know I was talking to putting together
my skateboard I think today's theme is
gonna be lies I'm just gonna tell a
bunch of lies
lying's bad but I'm telling you guys I'm
lying so just don't believe it for the
griptape sticker I'm gonna use the
yellow on the pebble suck sticker I wish
it was long enough that I could just
write have the words suck under my grip
tape it won't work but it's I'm still
gonna put it there I'm gonna try let's
see what it looks like then kind of see
that ish not really oh well I tried yeah
one time my mom got arrested for
punching a llama in New York City oh my
gosh is cold outside my dad actually got
kicked out of Arizona for setting up
pineapple fights which is like chicken
fights but it's like it's wait I know it
sounds dumb it's way more intense I know
tons of people that care deeply about
fridge magnets segways might be my
favorite thing in the world I love it
when people talk politics on Facebook
know the coolest thing about high school
was is the fact they gave you more work
to take home with you it's like they
allotted amount of hours per day for
school and then they wanted more because
that made sense they didn't keep me
longer to do more work they just sent me
away with more work is awesome Lady Gaga
I could heart flip come in get over here
get over here put your face right here
John Hill is a horribly unkind person
with no heart that is whoa yeah charge
my cats rent you know if they're gonna
live there I might as well contribute
the best thing you can do the first
thing when you wake up is drink hot
sauce I can comfortably go a week
without eating a top John Hill's pants
are really awesome hey you guy go Brian
hi right put your face over here like
right over here I have full confidence
that Brian name is gonna smith a
handrail today oh yes we depend on the
handrail but probably I do not like how
these look after this I'm going to eat
some ice cream then barf John you're
totally gonna kiss Tina Fey I would you
want good to happen in your life you're
Brian Ames we look great in a tank top
so I punched three four bears in one day
it is my absolute dream to own a smart
car it's actually Pleasant how stickers
are difficult to unpeel sometimes and
that is how my aunt conquered Best Buy
she's the CEO now here it is guys here
is my brand-new everything complete
skateboard
so just reiterate we have 8-inch revived
Ames brothers dick
we got am grip grip tape og we got comic
ledge force wheels we got spacer Ryan
trucks and then we have the prototype
bearings that Craig gave me and then
also some force hardware so it's a sharp
ligand deck
hopefully it treats me well
skateboarding time I almost forgot about
the kickflip test and this is on like
really weird ground so don't judge me
too bad - no I forgot to tighten my
trucks but I did it like I always and
immediately I was like this is a bad
decision
all right so clearly that front board
took me a second I'm a little off today
my back is still a so I'm didn't didn't
go too crazy for you but I hope you
enjoyed the Sela video in the skating I
do daily videos here so hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
but that's it for now go go wiggle Brian
is facing us is good yeah just on the
tip of his tongue Brian's gonna say
something super wisdom wisdom ik
yeah what I did there you get it
you see how hard I tried to just grab
this Brian hi when it comes Christmas
time what do you think of public snow
storms and camping
I think of thinking Craig cuz he just
filmed for an hour while I sucked it
Craig's a good guy he's a great guy
and that's why he'll be rewarded I
appreciate you filming so I didn't have
to what movie is that promise
what be rewarded just the word the line
be rewarded that's why he will be reward
I don't know I know it but I don't know
turn the Jedi Luke tells everyone that
we rewarded yep
correct or at least like one person yes
hi you will be rewarded
you
