do you know what happening yeah I'm all
right but like I like sack myself
sideways on the fence / board combo oh
dude are you okay well that's a full
friday right there ah
I'd like to do got it oh my god you all
right yeah I'm like hurt really bad but
I don't think anything's broken well
sorry hope you guys enjoyed I will see
you next time
what's up guys it is like eight o'clock
in the morning right now so yeah that
was a little slam montage I do these
once in a while when I get a handful of
them saved up I'm so yeah you've seen
most of those in my videos a few of them
have never hit YouTube but uh hope you
guys liked them all in one place I
definitely do these once in a while and
i will start saving up for another batch
there's no later this year you'll
probably see another one of these in the
meantime i will keep doing fall fridays
and put them in random videos and
whatnot but hope you guys enjoyed it
skating isn't always roses and freaking
sour patch kids people okay it's part of
the game you fall and uh you know
usually isn't that bad so hopefully you
can't relate to these Falls that well
but um what is up with my hair my gosh
yeah I'll be back tomorrow kisses do
daily videos i'm actually in LA right
now I came here for agenda which is a
skateboarding trade show Oh which is
pretty cool but I'm headed back to since
sandy here shortly so that's it I'll see
you guys tomorrow I think I have a setup
video I new set a video for the summer
let's go look at brier names on the
couch on his laptop we're gonna go do it
right now there is
