Brian yeah I got something for you right
here it's an electronic well that was a
really good shot right go into my little
box opening area in my office all right
I'm just wait there I'll be back in 20
minutes
oh just joke I'm just joking right now
Brian well I'll read the box what's the
box saying it's an anchor sound core oh
wow it got scratched up getting the
plastics there right I like anything
information that's what I know
I know I am your biggest proponent anger
is about it anchor hit me up there is
semi random stuff and I'm the most
thankful personal world because I like
all of their products I mean I will like
punch your hand so they're like a we're
sending you this uh this speaker it's
really durable that you can you just let
you toss it around and it's alright so
they've said to me to try to test the
durability of it so I'm gonna get great
with it I'm gonna put in water we're
gonna drop it we're gonna skate with it
skate it yeah and then uh I see yet I
thought it'd be cool with freeze it and
then like there's no way it works like
fro I didn't think of that the
underwater is on well I know here you
were the skateboarding the underwater is
the two biggest test freezing it where
he's not gonna lose gonna do anything to
it you think freezing be the one that
wouldn't do anything I think frankly
that would be the one no I mean he
forget you put in the oven like I won't
do it
mmm but cold now well whatever I said
I'm stuck in my guns either way I was
not gonna say no to this video because
this is gonna be a lot of fun so yes
finally over the box kay mmm I like for
a presentation so it's good happy
welcome guy tell me how to use the thing
okay so we're gonna have to bluetooth it
become charge most of the things douche
comes charge so what is it pairs with
yourself when you get to play your music
it's a really nice speaker huh hey come
Church hold on I got a parrot believes
unit wise which takes like two seconds
he goes fully charged was this these got
three bars
assuming this the power level they're
kind of nice where I avoid dropping all
right so let's play a little bit of
Coheed alright look like Cody turn it
all the way up okay I'm gonna hold this
button tap this button for a while
that's pretty loud though
you can answer your phone with this you
can answer your phone says answer and
call you can reject a call you can put a
call on hold how might reject a call
right now
I'm answer stating that no offense if
somebody calling me I just want to
reject it I'm gonna do it all right
let's do it
you're gonna hold that down for a second
let me hold the play button for a second
yes you rejected my home I did it might
watch my phone my computer in my freakin
speaker hole went awesome it is totally
2016 all right whatever so it's a really
good quality speaker you can answer
phone calls on it after news and it's
pretty sweet it's just to talk about the
casing it feels really solid like that's
it's got some like hard metal of plastic
stuff going on really tough rubber
casing and we should read instructions
more often because I would have never
known it that it did then another thing
I did not know while filming this video
is that it can charge your phone which
is awesome and convenient and an awesome
and convenient so it's got a speaker
that you talk into too so like yeah
that's me so you just don't even need a
phone anymore you just have that this is
this is really cool you need a phone I'm
kidding but that is cool all right let's
go beat the crap out of it we're gonna
start with a basic drop test okay so I
guess we should be like playing music
while this happens I'm gonna play the
music and then you're gonna drop it okay
do it the Meowth make it professional
you gotta like hold it like this are you
ready I'm ready
that sounded hey yeah this so plague
doesn't work premium whole and survived
the drop let's survive the drop right
well dude that did sound like like
someone smacked you over the head with
like a piece of concrete you think if I
threw it at Sims face I think it would
probably do better than it did on the
ground yeah well we might as well make
it skate the quarter pipe so you want to
give me good Chuck and just see what
happens
oh that's even better idea all right
here hold on let me play the song
Kull tapered though it needs we need
more testing you want to do it you wanna
do it again
I wonder day it's like did a trick I
could have gone smoother but it did the
test of the hard foam to fake here
whatever happened so works it's kind of
beat up a little bit but it'll work
what are we doing here Brian he's going
to do a nose manual and he's going to
smack it with a bat truck and it's gonna
hit your camera alright what is that
it's an anchor sound core sports or
something side speaker speaker it's an
indestructible speaker when I came here
Sam's hammer you ready
well he's he's tried this like ten times
and he smacked it probably ten times
he's got some dents in the front of it
pretty good it sounds good
something's work do your stuff
don't work thank you you want all right
all right you know for the couch on it
for everyone who actually drops their
couch on their speaker this will prove
all right jump up and down that's pretty
good oh my god I knocked it off it how
cool do I look jumps
Brian let's get a bucket of water drop
it in there's the drop yep can I turn it
up
now let's let us sit in there for a
while we'll just do a little Q&A real
fast well it's happening yeah what is
your favorite meal ever in the whole
world
cacio Peppa so I'd show them it's the
best thing I've ever had in my entire
life okay what is your favorite color
black that's my color I know I got it
what's your biggest fear I'm Tyson and
find spaces claustrophobic well dude I
think I might be posture phobic what's
the most painful thing you've ever
experienced your life like physically
when I think a hockey puck season it's
still going alright get it up that's
pretty impressive right I'm impressed
all right don't decimate humming hammer
freezing so that's it Brian Eames thank
you for helping me destroy the sticker
your wall speaker it's not sticker it's
not singer oh wow
got that by the way Joe cool and so you
charge it yeah I forgot that you
actually have to do that cuz he comes
charge alright I'm back at home here's
the speaker it is going right in the
freezers above that the mini tacos and
when I said freezers I meant freezer the
one freezer I have okay
it is 408 we're gonna leave this I'm
gonna go shower I'm gonna film another
video with Rhydon and then we're gonna
come back and we're going to see if it
still plays after sitting in the freezer
for a long period of time you eating
carrots mmm really good
oh yeah are they tasty are they mine it
is 603 alright it's been two hours okay
this thing is definitely four degrees
all right
it is chilly there it is one of you guys
can see the condensation we're gonna
connect it with by bluetooth connected
we're good it works it freakin works I
kind of knew it was going to like Brian
was right but still it's pretty
impressive at four degrees the thing
still works there you go that's pretty
awesome um you know we beat the crap out
of this thing it is definitely not
supposed to be kicked around the way we
did with our skateboards but the thing
helped through it definitely has some
small like scuffs and scratches and
dings in it from the skateboarding the
point is is that this really does hold
up so for everyday use you know if you
drop it if you actually drop it into
water if you accidentally leave it in
your freezer which if you have a four
year old that is absolutely a
possibility but uh it's really dermal so
I'd like to say thank you to anchor I've
got a nice brand new one so uh maybe
I'll give this to somebody at the skate
park next Nico yeah I'm pretty psyched
on this thank you anchor very much if
you guys want one okay I miss quoted a
price when I filmed this but right now
they're actually doing a special on
Amazon so there's links for the US and
UK right down in the in
so you can get it like more than a half
off things like sixty bucks which is a
super good deal for what you're getting
and yeah I hope that helps if it's if
it's the future I hope there's a decent
deal on it still anchor is always
sending me stuff so I just want to say
thank you I love all of the products
they make so deadly check it out oh and
the song I was listening to during the
whole time also in this video easy
eraser by coheed and cambria it's off
their newest album that they're released
last year maybe two years ago
I don't know time flies either way it's
our newest own eraser great song and
that is it I'll be back tomorrow cuz
they do daily videos ridin you wanna
come over and say goodbye to the camera
here
touch this it's cold yeah you know why
why because there's in the freezer for
two hours why ID that's a good question
remember that one time you put a nerf
gun in the fridge yeah it was in there
for like two weeks and we didn't know
say you buy no say goodbye like a good
boy
is that what good boys do you look your
puppet hey give me five give me five
give me five I love you
I like this I like it see if you're
ringing what's hello look dad my dad
called me hey hey Dad I doing
