Ryden come here how would you like to
pick out my new skateboard do you undo
that you pay on the skateboard the
wheels yeah you want you undo it I think
yeah exactly where to go to shred cores
oh right that was a good high five no it
didn't hurt I'm your dad
my hands are way bigger than yours does
that make you excited yeah are you happy
to do it yeah oh my gosh okay so we're
gonna get in the car
we're gonna go to straight quarters and
this guy right here is gonna pick out
what I skate next do not play with that
Wow
turn the TV off reading boom let's go
Wow
yeah I mean you want to kind of move
yeah can we go go bouncing at Mama's
house there's nothing at Mama's house
that'd be fun let's do this ridin should
we get it a pet t-rex
you think you would destroy our home
what if we named him fluffy it might be
nice I got a new one the new part of
Shrek horse yeah all right so here's the
thing you got to pick out my skateboard
under the new decks okay I'll show you
all the new decks you got to pick up my
wheels I have bearings that I got to put
then I have to test down okay it's my
buddy's starting a baron company and
then you get to pick out my hardware too
and my grip tape and stickers are you
ready yeah let's do a skateboard first
wheels first okay point to the ones that
you want to see okay and I'll show you
all right these are the Jason Park they
got a little cat on them and the cats
playing with yarn and it spells out
Jason's name we think about those all
right let's what you want to look at
more was there's purple ones look at
these
well this is for me right I know what
I'm I want down from you okay well look
we're keep looking some I want you to
get this one in pink elephant we both I
wanted face do you have those wheels
well you can you want to look at more
first okay look we got red ones oh yeah
they're nice-looking we got blue ones we
have pebble suck blue ones we also have
a baseball and now we don't
Aaron Cairo's fire wheels we have Doug
does it sells lightning wheels got these
two buddy these are the manual comic
series are the rails
okay comic rails so which one you almost
you want us to have the same ones I
think I'm even going to try 54 wheels
right okay let's set it right here
skateboards next we have the earth
lifeline see it we have the sphere neck
take you like that one we have the gems
deck
you really are liking these aren't you
the air in Cairo warrior deck the dug
desert ELLs boom deck and the last one
the Ames brothers deck okay to brow
names are on the skateboard all right
what'll it be riding which one that's
actually Arin Cairo
so which one out of all of these thank
you I'm good at this outfit this one the
Ames brothers okay I'm gonna do this one
buddy I'll put this over here
we have the revived life bolts has to
read hardware and then we have the force
hardware that have two white front
hardware which one will be idea ready
the force one's all right oh you have
white ones too
all right let's put this back right and
come here which am grip should we do
should we do the og the hash tag or the
revive collab emblem and the one I did
which one do you have I think you have
this one no yeah look the guy skating
all right go put that on the table right
over there on the truck stuff there's a
one pair of Orion trucks can you get it
for me those are them bring it over here
these are the only Orion trucks to have
available right now so these or these
space Orion trucks are gonna be the only
ones that I can write but they look
really sharp
we got the galaxy in the graphic and the
bearings are some prototype bearings my
buddy is starting a bearing company and
he wanted me to test them out so this is
one skating
they have no name and here's my son all
right now we got to pick out stickers
are you ready yes that means get off the
table let's go over the stairs all right
four stickers buddy okay Manik all right
there's one yeah want me to rip that off
okay oh that one to one and then a
silver one wild a the you lose like the
literally the first four stickers you
saw all right there they are and that is
everything
thank you for help me pick it out buddy
that was super nice of you all right so
I'm gonna film my setup video separately
but thank you guys hanging out for
letting ridin pick my skateboard he said
he wanted to do it the other day and I
was like that'd be a fun little video so
yeah
you did well I think it's gonna look
good I think the green the wheels gonna
go well with the grass and stuff on the
board your back for you thank you I need
that too we'll set it right here do you
want to go do some belly boarding over
at shrek horse all right let's go if I'm
standing on the board I always a holy
butt on this
okay all right here it is oh my gosh put
your feet down put your feet down you
just weren't looking where you're going
you were flying buddy thanks for
watching my baby are you and fimo like
you on the video button and take it easy
okay yeah
hey thank you for picking out my
skateboard okay no I'm taking you
not me Neil now you're just mocking me I
guess we're done here
what do you want the bonus code to be
well you gotta get a running start
I'll get the angle okay do it oh my gosh
how do you have the guts to do that
you're cute if you were just running
away as all he does in this video
