you Wow all right hi
I just turned the camera to film this
guy and you ran into the camera
he's coupon D Koopa this Koopa sorry
oh the areola it's French robbing every
French person out there is like don't
even try any challenge time are you
ready for this throw it at me the first
challenge is running to the camera
you've done that good job challenge 1
done that's what I do now I want you to
540 shove it off of the top of the bump
that is your front that is one of two
challenges sorry I could do that I think
you could too so I want to see you do it
okay alright alright what you have to do
one warm-up pick what you want to do I
know it's kind of ledge
there's gotten the ledge yeah the super
tall box it is a really pretty day out
today and I realized I didn't have a
skateboard all I had is my dark slide
board so I haven't done much actually I
didn't even land a dark slide so that's
why I'm Tomas is the star in this video
oh wow and you certainly are the star
that was amazing dude you didn't even
move that was like ridiculous looking it
was like you just did it felt good yeah
good job you should tweet your mom about
it my mom doesn't have to all right what
didn't your mom is awesome and I don't
have using sweeter
all right 540 Showtime all right hey you
have a shirt on I'm here Thomas right
here oh my gosh
it's got scary yeah scary Oh what was
that it
that was it Wow why does that suck cuz I
wanted to land it first oh yeah I want
to talk her right now but I'm not
getting one buddy we'll have a nice taco
in Cali next month dude we totally will
I can't wait this finger my middle
finger actually how does a little funny
but you did it good three tries to clean
it up but if not words do not worry
about it my finger is throbbing
basically the board hit it and pinned it
between the camera and the scape work
and now it feels like it's three times
the size blasted you nailed it wow that
was next try alright
the real challenge alright is if you
land a 720 shove it you get 5 bucks
whenever trying to I know I'm never I've
never told you to try it either so see
what happens yeah you got it dude job
your life away
that is a law is 180 more degrees that
sucks but nothing good I feel like I can
do it yeah stop dude
try the 540 blue why does the 545 or
just a 540 flip
25:45 20 foot do do a 540 foot okay is
that no is that that easy easy to see
how your reaction right there oh you did
you do have that got this tomahawk you
got this tommy gun don't you dare
skateboard he did it that was good
remember when you laughed at me though
you were like a 44 that's what happens
it's tough dude it was it was Karm up
for saying that it's a 544 yeah if you
would uh if you would have doubted
yourself you would have landed it so
tomorrow the story is doubt yourself no
I'm kidding don't do that but good job
yeah we'll be back for that 720 shove it
someday
maybe at a different place maybe at a
different place maybe out Westchester
and Cali pop it out kicker pop it out
though probably not know probably hear
it would be it'd be a good spot for
though I give you that I tell you that
my pocket I give it to you later
as the bonus clip I just watched the
five how did you land that you literally
went to primo just looking tink
this is what you looked like your legs I
think admit you're looking tink that's
what happens but you don't care how you
land the trek you just land and take
whatever just you just do what you do
yeah you just have fun with you fun fun
fun let me go play frisbee off slow nope
that's too fast
