they three words that remind you of food
three words that remind you of food
you're right
this you up like a man
yes I agree JC part does suck but in a
good way
if that makes sense that's just his
tagline J's Park is awesome he's
actually unfortunate been injured for a
while now uh he's back home in Hawaii
he's been there for a little while and
he's recovering from a knee explosion or
something but he's slowly getting back
on the board but you guys haven't seen a
lot of footage on my channel so I
thought I'd make a little like best of
video part
I pretty much typed Jason's name in my
computer and just grabbed all the files
that came up and threw him into this
video part he's actually filmed way more
for me but they're just on separate hard
drives so you guys have definitely seen
this footage on my channel if you've
been watching my videos for a while but
it's Jason Park footage it doesn't get
old oh I hope you guys enjoyed it
nonetheless every time I do a video
about Jason I just gotta point out that
he is one of the nicest happiest dudes I
have ever met in my life I mean anyone
that knows Jason it's one of those
things we're like he's instantly your
best friend and he's just a super
kind-hearted dude and one of the
greatest skateboarders on the planet he
is when it comes to creative skating
he's on a different level he's uh just
all-around good okay I feel like all the
good things I've said about watching
prices have been bad about him it's
really annoying when he posts freaking
pokeballs don't do that Jason that's
rubbing my face that I can't anyone I
hope you guys dug that he has a youtube
channel so go over to his YouTube
channel and leave him some comments make
sure to subscribe because it's Jason
Park you're gonna want to see what he
makes but leave some comments telling
him that hopefully the road to recovery
is almost done I am think I'm going to
Hawaii later in the summer so you'll see
some new content for me but make sure
you check out Jason's it'll be the
bottom there will be a link here in a
second after this group of kids have
something more to say
three
