so we're in New York City and I don't
know what this video is
I think it's just the longest so I have
no idea I'm just starting to film
it'll be fun though we're gonna go to
Elias right now and then we're gonna go
to Brooklyn and just skateboard have fun
it's really good that I do tricks for
whatever
there's correct we got Boston Terrier
there's Katie you with an H oh there's
top man
yeah this park is a lot of fun Brian
Anthea Mosley came over and said what's
up to us like the nicest dude ever
and over there doing very very large
frontside flips on the hip look at this
door
when's the last time II think this is
open frames in a long time it probably
is like the entrance to Narnia
probably not I like to think so though
look at this ledge beautiful we had
lunch I forgot to film it I'm sorry but
imagine me eating a sandwich landed rig
right now
and just so you know rat poison has been
applied in here it's like it's human how
fast that's not well then no slided dude
there are so many sticks around here to
get caught up on stick is the Brooklyn
pebble which I tried once and I did it
okay like I didn't land it but I had it
it's uphill it's super uphill but uh
Craig's done his trick someone to do
something stuff I don't know what I'm
talk I don't know what I'm saying
sometimes I'm just like I should talking
for the camera and then happen
that was a workout the Rion Rion got two
photos we did really this trip I'm
really worried about just getting photos
for this guy it's all good at YouTube
this so far so good we've done really
well though yes and we went through the
one spot we got two photos so we're
doing well okay I'm tired that's cool
and my back hurts
thank you for feeling dude I got MVT
most valuable trick Thank You Randy
my legs are sore
Oh
this is going to be the best thing ever
I don't know if you guys can hear me
because New York's the loudest city in
the world the nicest day ever it's nice
now yeah
so we'd have traveled to a couple spots
and ended up not being able to skate and
we've gotten hungry again so our ATP's
meet seconds that's what you do in New
York
I haven't actually gotten enough
exercise where I probably could eat a
whole pizza myself today and they
wouldn't even do anything
it's pretty much the opposite of
skateboarding a piece of pizza it's
gonna be good though I'm gonna put this
inside my mouth I'm gonna chew up and
down we're gonna trash skated but there
are so many people walking by like every
five seconds and my gosh I've skated
probably five miles today
yeah yeah he did it really good so windy
better break her in right
yes Brian names are shooting a photo I
am so I gotta film long lens so anytime
you see long lens in this video is
because of that because this guy right
here I hate fish eye lenses you do I
hate them it makes your face look
stupider
get that guy have five yourself haha I
like that get the shot well you guys
have five each other all right kind of
sweaty dude
all right and finally after a day of
exhausting skating I'm gonna try a video
part trick which is technically while
I'm here in New York nobody comes down
to this is what I want to do here so
wish me luck I did it
I failed a trick I had when I got in
here into the spot I was like there's no
way I'm gonna be able to skate at all so
I'm psyched that I did it this day has
been awesome I'm sorry that all you got
to see was clerking Gardens pretty much
but video parts drop in in November
Bryan Ames gonna have the last part oh
yeah I better start to film how many
sure yeah how many tricks ya know and
hopefully I'll get one here in New York
let me go one trick and that'll be our
tomorrow go would it be unmanly if I
just grabbed your little nose your cute
little nose there are times where I
wouldn't be my friend right that was one
of them that wouldn't be my friend if I
was doing if I was doing that to me I'll
just stop okay I'm so tired exhausting
I'm not filming going back to this hell
but I am going back to hotel and I'll
turn the camera on later but I need to
relax and just really really really not
be sore tomorrow I really hope I'm not
sore tomorrow I hope so too I really
hope you're not sore tomorrow
we should have bought a beer crew should
we have we still Craig is like the last
minute there is all right guys I'm back
in the hotel room I took a shower and I
soaked in a hot bath it was like the
greatest thing ever
I did stretches in hot water and my body
feels a thousand times better you guys
did not need to know that but you do now
so uh alright so yeah I'm going to just
read some comments on my recent video
and respond to them and then we'll call
this video raps and you probably see
another video with day two in New York
but I'm really psyched on today tomorrow
I'm gonna try to focus on Bryan Ames cuz
he wasn't tried to get a trick here
skaters face meets handrail is the video
that I just put up this morning this is
the fall Friday was Chris Marta's dog
does tell says jeez that was a brutal
way to fall any asset was haven't seen
this video
Chris martes smacks his face on a Hannah
just exactly the title isn't
Smacks and I and girls are awful but he
was alright Anthony Oliveira says the
way you talk about random stuff while
still on the same subject is the best
Thank You Anthony you were the best
right back at ya beat that James Hart
says if possible it would be cool to do
a playlist with us Wednesdays and fall
Fridays
need to do that I'm sorry one day I'll
have time to sit down and do something
like that but there's so many of them
out there Sebastian Kincaid says does he
live in Lexington and no Chris lives in
Northern Kentucky
Jack Simpson says you should have Chris
on where else Wednesday I we totally
should they'll be awesome I've been
telling him that he needs to come to
shred quarters but we've made it happen
yet Pierson Allen says are you kidding
me 25 seconds of an actual fall no
surprise guys when you like to look at a
video you can immediately tell how long
it is and just spoiler alert it's a six
minute video no fall is gonna take six
minutes please I wish you would have
walked out in the robe that I've been
amazing that would've been sewing a
towel or something awful because yeah
this guy's Pearson is flipping out
because a six-minute video isn't
entirely a fall only 30 seconds time
position they've that's the point of the
videos me to review and rant about it
but I feel like any person that thinks
about it is gonna know that's not a
six-minute fall falling for six minutes
yeah you would die like a minute in ten
times over
yeah Devon of antique says Andy I love
your Africa lips thank you I love you
Devon
so just to put that out there Josie Cory
says Andy will you reply no witches are
applied dude this guy has the best
comment ever teak rule yard says I ate
pancakes at one o'clock all morning dude
yes good I know well you would have been
even better he would've been like
waffles but thank you you're an idiot
how much do you get paid to say that
Craig does anyone else just look at
Brian in the background that had on my
desk yeah I do
Jagger Spina says can someone link the
commercial that Andy was in it's not out
yet at least I don't know when this
video goes up but it comes out in July
sometime it's gonna be ridiculous like
to see me and it's gonna be Brian's
looking for jobs gonna be Bethany Mudge
says and yes sir where you have
tourettes ha ha
you're seriously so funny thank you I
mean not the trends are funny but I'm
glad you think I'm funny I saw a few
ones like this I don't know if I replied
this one savage Dutchman says I don't
really have sympathy for him he would
have worn a he should have worn
protection there's no protection for
your chin and face they go war to
anything you want and he still would hit
his face and that's what I replied I was
like the did hit his face at home it
would not have helped they're the
swag boss 12 says you're hot you should
hit me up on snapchat do not think
that's a real person or a real thing but
I'm not going to I'm sorry I'm kind of
married I am kind of married swag boss
Oh Kyle Williams he says it now I'm
sitting here talking to myself the
essence of chaos name the movie Brian
Jurassic Park that's why we love Kyle we
I'm sorry that's it I just wanted to
make this be a little longer and hang
out with you guys so I will do another
New York video tomorrow and this is the
view from our hotel that is Manhattan it
really is but you like the city probably
top three favorite cities in the world
number one San Francisco it's it's like
time of Florence cuz it said to do I
know there would you mind if I just
poured this on oh you just get a shower
that'd be mean wouldn't it well it's not
like sugary but yeah don't do it say bye
Brian
goodbye Ron but thank you guys for
watching I'll see you guys tomorrow
cause I do daily videos
for the bonus clip watch this because
they don't want you to jump out okay if
you're squirrel
you can absolutely just jump out into
the world of Manhattan no one cares
no humans though don't do that
