it's hot a beautiful but to me I
recently even I didn't necessarily
injure my back but like I guess I've
been overworking and stressing and not
resting enough and my back got really
tight and now I'm all stiff necked and
it hurts to exist so today this is
probably coming out way later by the
time you see this I'm gonna be better
but I'm doing five memories with me we
did one with him and it was pretty cool
so now we're doing fine skate memories
with me and I haven't actually prepped
these in my head so I'm gonna come up
with them on the spot and try to think
of harder than you can imagine I feel
like I'm better than you you're better
than you I feel like I'm better than you
and most things probably like except
boardgames I suck at board games um I'm
pretty good at actually yeah you
probably are Craig's walking behind us
nope he's not and I forgot my mic so I'm
sitting on the double ox that guard
always a wind that could fall on us at
any moment and kill us
this is like the sketchy rocks can I
show new sunglasses that are probably
already gonna be seen by the time this
video comes out this is it yeah this is
after the launch money they already know
about him just get on the rock Bryan
Ames sorry that I spoke to you like that
that was not nice well usually sit here
so this might have this Falls it kills
us
you know you hold the camera yes all
right so favorite skate memories right
yeah this is a really good time to do
this because I went skating on beach my
last night on the selfie fun and all of
the park that's the street I grew up on
you guys are probably heard me talk
about this you if you've been watching
my videos for long time but all of the
parking lots are just like destroyed and
gross I'm sure it could've been a more
pleasant experience my memory I'm gonna
go with uno okay memory number uno of
like when skateboarding actually started
with me I was if you guys have read my
book this is in there but I was sitting
the comic shop and my buddy came out to
me it wasn't my buddy he was kind of
like an enemy but we turned into friends
we went to this comic shop so we knew
each other but he always picked on me I
was pretty weird-looking
so as far as you were a very weird thing
going dudes out like I looked super
weird but do you like he's like came out
I got a skateboard want to go skate that
was like sure it was like his brothers
friend's skateboard so we went out into
the side and just screwed around I think
I was trying to like boardslide or
something for the first time I didn't
curve it's in my book yeah I don't I
think that's pretty much exactly how it
happens in the book is exactly how it
went down and like I'm pretty sure I did
it like I said it and it was horrible
for like I did it you know that's
amazing so that was that was it began
like skateboarding was just like inside
me from that moment on and
at home and I was like mom I gotta get a
skateboard and we made it happen and I
was I had my own soon it was awesome it
was gosh I missed those days so much if
you are 14 years old and just starting
to skateboarding your life is about to
be really amazing yes
yeah that's correct no no one who no one
do not mess it I can't words times it
awful right now where's times is awesome
you look like a white dot on your nose
oh it's yeah it's a dot no is this a new
fence bad it's like BAE and lit you know
like on fire
like I'm all those things God knows my
BAE is on fire dot nose sounds racist it
does it does not racist Brian's arm is
getting tired it's hard to hold the
camera right there there's so many of
them okay there's just there's like an
unlimited I could do like top 20
memories that's where so okay this is a
little farther down the road I was I had
been skating for about eight months okay
and we skated a lot like when we started
skating everyone said all that the real
skateboarders they didn't like us they
thought we were posers and that we would
never get any good because we were
getting good too fast or something
that's actually what they said like we
skated a lot yeah so I was at carat was
in the mix right now and then you
weren't there but a couple my friends
were and and I trying to this this wall
Donatas wall it's like a three and a
half foot wall probably yeah I was
trying to kickflip it at this point none
of us have done any sort of flip trick
down a gap or drop like that and I think
Garret was trying it with me he didn't
land it that day which is weird because
Garrett usually lands it stuff before me
but I was the one to do it I think he
might have done it after me that I don't
know but I did it super smooth super
solid and it was like one of the best
feeling things ever I just remember like
that was a moment where I realize like
I'm actually getting decent at this I
could probably do this I could probably
eat board and it felt so good like my
our friend
he took off all his skate product he was
like Heath because he's like I'm not
worthy I'm never gonna be as good as you
guys and he was like serious I think
like he was the like tried to be comical
like I think he was that upset that we
were getting flipped rigs down gaps
that's by my first front blunt felt like
that like the first good one every blood
feels amazing dude the best first one
ever land I like sat on it isolated like
my whole box like six feet I like ollie
lay out of it like yeah that's front
line I've ever done is that box that's
fun yeah it was alright for number three
I'm gonna say when the Beechmont mob
video dropped okay the beach rock mob
was our skate crew growing up in high
school in the in the book it's called
the crew
which my focus right behind by this time
it's right down there if you get a copy
of it if I'm talking about it so much
but all these memories are in the book
so we dropped our first video it was
called turn lane and when just that was
like we were about like what about two
years of skating yeah because I was 16
when I ended it and I started I was 14
so two years in skating everybody had
video parts and it was just like that we
had a piece of to prove that we were
skateboarders like we made a skate video
and then we actually sold it around town
and people liked it like that kind of
began like a new era for us I mean Brian
Ames got a girlfriend because he was in
the beam up at one point I just put that
out there I mean he got plenty of
girlfriends look at the face he's Brian
aim so again well Bryce I'm sorry oh my
god sorry but that started a new era
when that video dropped it was such like
a rush of emotions it was awesome and
actually jumped on valentine's day to
did it yeah
and the second one dropped on Halloween
did two videos in one year we were
productive out here yes we were but we
also use skatepark footage we didn't
know any better back then I don't even
think it was a thing that you had to
yeah okay so that was three so forth is
going to be the moment that rolled away
from the Hollywood 16 I went to
California not really skating hand
drills I got done like a speedster was
my biggest was rail and I was a
boardslide and then within a month of
being to California I was doing like
front boards and lipslides and 50 50s on
13 stairs you got very good when you
went to go yeah well you do we just
skate every day the spots are right
there was awesome dude
so yeah but then I was like I want a
front board the Hollywood 16 okay that's
what was my goal because I was better at
front boards and back boards and then I
was like I was looking at I was like
this is scary I should it's really it's
a long for me super long the how was 16
was the stairs looked to jump down a
ball but the rail looked longer than all
than other 16s and it might have just
been my head at that time but I was like
I'll try it boardslide I warm above the
boardslide and see how that feels and
that was terrifying because I hit my I
broke my board no actually funny thing
is I started with a 50-50 on the 12 I
boards the 12 and then broke my truck on
a fish video the 12 broke your truck
yeah first try I don't know no I broke
it on the boardslide and then I put a
truck together no listen to this I put
my I broke my truck on the boardslide
okay it was like I was impacted just the
kingpin Brooke and then I put it into
struck on and I went to ivory did the
board 712 with an I 50/50 to the 12
fourth try hand touch it was sloppy but
I was gonna roll with it
then I went to the sixteen and then
broke my board a second try okay so then
I had just stops getting again put a
board together start skating it and then
one of the tries my wheel bumped the
rail and I still like managed to get
into boards I didn't slide all the way
down so by the time I rolled away I
think was like eight tries into it I
rolled away from the sixteen I was like
that was terrifying I'm done maybe
another day and I just never went back
to it and then I moved back Cincinnati
and which we don't have a lot of rails
so I couldn't really see on top of it
you should boardslide it next week when
were there yeah I'm we're in New York
next week you're right in three weeks
yeah but we're not rolling away from the
sixteen there was like a surge of
emotions
it was amazing dude like it was just so
so good it was like I felt mmm very
rarely I've ever felt as live as I did
at that moment I can imagine I would
never report I was 16 he said no naked
eye that would be the most demanding
that I'm not going to I'm not gonna
imagine that final memory has to be
something with revived just because this
is like such a crazy era I never held
and I not put it I talked about other
young into any bar life either way it
was if this is such like like I could
given up on like making a life out of
skateboarding you know and then I'll
send it kind of just happen with the
YouTube thing and everything and there
was a moment and maybe I'll go to like
when I was sweeping the first red
quarters I actually have a picture on my
phone I was sweeping it out cuz we swept
him up that thing to death forever dust
out of there so and I was sweeping and I
just stopped at my broom I looked and I
have I put I like if you took a picture
like I'm trying to get this photo you
know like I have that picture yeah it
has me like just looking at the
destroyed quarters so I was like at that
moment I was like that's when I was like
wow he was nervous it was scary we're
getting a warehouse you know like we had
we were growing but we didn't know if
that was gonna stop it keep going so
that moment basically but like all of
the Shred quarters era where we were
getting getting a private skatepark and
stuff that's like surreal that is just
Bob I still walk into the place and I'm
like wow this is like one it's stressful
like this is
now I'm responsible for this like sure
you get that - yeah I'm gonna have a
sixth one - mine too so it's an ongoing
memories from the start to wherever
we're going with this revive force and
everything else kind of thinks that's
I'm adding a six-membered for them but
it's still going right now right now
right here on this video so happen
that's it guys I just want to say thank
you everyone that watches the videos and
rides the product all that stuff like
you guys literally make it possible for
us to have a life and skateboarding like
this so it means the world to me I'm
guessing it means the world in this dude
yep but that's it I'm not gonna hit your
back I don't want to move because my I'm
not gonna your hat I'm not gonna talk
let's just let's just try to end the
video
stop the talking part are they guys
watching subscribe or
all right he didn't even know that I cut
him off before that this is the bonus
clip you thought you're gonna say it
that's funny yeah one time I slammed the
door in Sam Taber space yep
you almost killed him in skateboard once
oh yeah I need to buy him a cake
