dude that was the most gruesome intro
ever I don't like that guy at all yeah
well I don't know who he is I I don't
know his name but uh that's the first
time I think you've killed anyone that
hasn't been time off it's true not
killed you kinda why knocked you out at
least oh yeah you murder me you dragged
me in to murder me one time okay yeah I
remember that what day is it today
7:00 Friday do you say Wednesday
warehouse Wednesday no give this because
the lighting John Hill are oh now what
can we possibly be doing with all these
dudes I have no idea I can't a group
challenge maybe I know there's another
homey session okay we got new skates
tough homie is another word for friends
I know I don't like it doesn't it
doesn't it doesn't feel natural
I guess shut up I know it I have that
foresight it is not natural
but a group of four that's gonna be
another dude gig eight I don't know what
to say we got new benches because Justin
Lana Kerr who wouldn't accept something
he worked for us he didn't accept accept
money so what are we gonna do to
embarrass just ilanic her we're gonna
make him sing next time he comes here
absolutely yeah he's alright so he's
gonna owe you a song but we're gonna
skate his benches that he gave to us
very nice of him There s benches so it's
appropriate because a lot of us love us
here so we're just gonna go and have a
good time
don't murder anybody else yeah actually
if you murder Kasey right here I would
one be surprised - I might offend you
well you need to hire someone new maybe
I don't work for a little bit yeah looks
like that was actually in the Brian
murder you would make his life way worse
those nice he said I'm irreplaceable no
you should go in him and you could
replace him murder isn't cool don't kill
anybody guys oh and sorry saber he
actually cut your dude in half I saw
that yeah I didn't tell him to do never
never say homie again homie you're my
homie no homie all right so here they
are this one's my favorite because it is
right it is a little her and just I like
to think of it as red though so that's
the one that's this
what was that I felt walking get
creative all right yeah I got creative
kickflip
so much days I do have I done it before
to you all the time
there they were John you got MVP buddy
Oh next thank you but thank you to
Justin moniker for giving us to us these
giving these to us was super nice to you
dude even though you've got it coming
and then I guess s for making them in
general they're fun benches
especially when it's up bumped up to
that I was super fun yeah so I think
guys for watching this is just full of
things who are you like to thank
everyone that I've ever met in my life
my family my friends Andy's gentle
enemies my mortal enemies I love them
Brian what's that in your window right
there yeah right there in their window
that that picture yeah right there right
here yeah I've noticed
it's the skater app oh wow yeah so we
partnered with skater app and we have
our boards in the app and you can get it
right there it's $5 iOS or Android and
it's well worth it it's a fun game I
still play I know my high score always
goes down and then it goes up then he
goes down I should be like no way in the
world I'm gonna be fun glitched
you
