yes it is and it's been a second since
we've done a house basketball video
right and we're doing it right now
except we're gonna do a little twist
we're gonna play a game of horse you
know how to play horse walk okay so yeah
it came from horse all right so we have
a little special rules for horse what's
gonna happen is that riding will start
he has well as long as he wants to set
the trip okay whatever trickshot you
want to get the basket in that whoo you
can do and then I have five tries to
match it if I miss it within those five
tries I get a letter my turn to do to
you okay okay are you ready yeah who
have the first person to get horse loses
are you ready what all right bring it
buddy it's your turn first okay what's
our first shot you're riding bounced off
the table in all right let's see it boom
oh boy - - oh you did it I got five
tries it only took you three we've got a
spider-man basketball for the bouncy
shots - I know oh my gosh spider-man
eyes all right let me I'm gonna lay in
this okay I'm gonna film it and land it
Oh one try I got four more don't bump
boom Oh booms they can track oh you were
on the couch weren't you okay okay what
is this harder okay ready
oh my gosh two more tries boom ridin I'm
gonna leave it here okay get your head
out of there get your head out of it I'm
gonna go on the other side of the couch
and throw it in okay ready I just hit
the fireplace makes off
he's pretty good at this but I don't
know if I'm going yeah oh my poor
fireplace what are you doing okay all
right
oh my gosh easy for you yeah all right
my money each all right you're coming
over here basketball hoop all right my
next shot I am going to stand here
behind the thing to the basket I'm gonna
bounce off the wall and then it's gonna
go in to the hoop are you are you ready
to do this no don't be under it this
game is gonna take forever so maybe we
should do hrs instead of the whole horse
what do they don't want maybe three
shots okay and we reach an age training
anyway huh who's maybe like who's Oh sad
hearse
oh I'm taller this is way easier for me
alright this is gonna be way more
impressive if you do it go oh my gosh oh
here's your spider-man thousand eyeballs
dude oh that was third tried you got two
more what that was easy for you wasn't
it from the carpet or just right there
whoa that's a big that's a big shot from
there you want me to angle it you like
it from there okay do it
hey right your goal don't break this
thing that's a big piece of wood it'd be
hard to break do not hit the chandelier
no don't break the window
don't break the dog just look at that
he's wagging his tail he's happy to see
YouTube yeah do it if you did that first
try I don't know what I would have done
all right let's see it Oh
that did not count you like literally
took away a shot and then you landed it
oh that was close
from downtown oh you got robbed whoa
dude that was really good it did anybody
like went straight in yes
but high five there high five here high
five over here pop up here five through
here you gotta fill me lose that's what
I feel like so next time you go if I
don't match it you win yeah
yes okay so I've got to do an ultimate
shot because if I if I don't win this I
at least got to do something honorable
and really epic I'm gonna go from inside
that room throw it over the hallway up
there into this movie I'm gonna move it
like right here actually all right
you're gonna man this camera okay and
I'm gonna go over the side house it's
gonna take you hour
wish me luck
that's terrible riding at least we
didn't break it it's what you know sir
we're gonna try to not do that alright
ready
scare that has to do it we've done
English and going better not hit the
chandelier because I don't even know how
we'd fix that thing how long even who to
call do it did you even get it past the
couch use your use your strength all
right yeah we'll get an angle from here
you're six years old it's okay yeah a
little better okay well one more try all
right throw what you like you mean a son
about hit me up good try H will do H ou
R o R will be the second one so hor hor
and the last letter will be SE does that
make sense yeah
you're confusing that but I give it okay
in the next one if you land it and I
don't you win honestly comprehension oh
gosh I should have known all right
here's your spider-man ball we used the
regular basketball except for the first
intro you're coming with me your
bathroom right okay it was dark in here
oh my gosh oh gosh okay stop you're
getting the camera wait what is that
I see it geez in my lip yeah see this
it's like everywhere check out my arms
you come out works really good what I
gotta you didn't get the camera a little
bit more wool wash it off okay so what
are we doing in here yeah okay that's me
kind of tough geez this is you this is a
good shot good luck well I'm not doing
it you're doing it what it's your turn
ah all right try it oh that's gonna be
hard
ooh do it oh my gosh that was it well
you wait you bounce off the wall that
went in but didn't hit this wall that's
it that's incredible yeah you didn't
call that trick all right I will be so
surprised if I land this all right I
guess I'll just go like this one
 bounced off the wall I did that
right away no all right so I got three
more toys yeah all right I cannot
believe you did this
all right oh it's impossible I have no
idea that was it it's impossible last
try
you won good game I have h o r se we
should have played pig but pigs nowhere
near as fun is name horse usually it's
usually called pig when you play three
three shots dude good job on your win
that was easily my favorite basketball
video we've ever done here we did both
the really cool shots because he got the
hardest one at the end that was like a
miracle you did that and then over the
whole thing is something I've always
wanted to do so good job windows and we
hope you guys enjoyed this video it's
almost spring so we will finally be able
to go outside and do things not in the
house we love house videos but we want
to get outside too so uh thank you guys
for watching I do videos here all the
time I do videos with this guy at least
once a week and we have a lot of fun
don't we yeah this is cool so they can
guest watching if you want to see more I
just bonked you in the head are you okay
or you okay what you want to see more
videos just hit the subscribe button
right down below and you're signed up to
see more but yeah I have a skateboarding
video coming tomorrow which would be a
lot of fun so tune in then and you guys
have a great day where's the actual
basketball I bought a real basketball
use for this get it
what I know but well not on the carpet
is not mom's about to be home you should
just be dribble you know dribble a
basketball mom hey tell tell mom what we
hit we hit the hand area did you break
it
yeah she didn't care what is going to go
guys bye bye guys
