what was that got it
I deserve that Thanks warehouse
Wednesday incinerated my phone
alright Brian how you doing today I'm
doing well who's gonna go kacy Bickler
is he's going hi usually well you got
boxers on all right thank you today
you're gonna do three piety warm-up
three tricks on the hip flip tricks it's
gonna be easy for him it's gonna be good
because you're you're a hip flicker yeah
yeah you are huh
and then mystery challenge and then you
guys you guys last week you like Timmy
kickflip skateboard so you're gonna be
doing that again twenty boards 23 flips
ten minutes to do it
20 20
mores 23 flip wait how many boards are
there how many boards is 20 you get to
order anything you want off ebay up to
$30 cool if you don't do it we get to
order anything off of ebay up is there
for you for me for you or you know to
play into the next world Wednesday but
if you win it's just so it's just a
happy thing you get to take you call
your mom and say mom I totally won this
nowhere else ones it doesn't make me
call my mom no it's beyond your own time
dude it's raining it is raining here you
guys you guys want to go inside the
mystery challenge you might not survive
or have clothes I don't I don't know why
I can't you like clothes clothes just
disappeared he's felt like that one guy
in the one movie you know Kay are you
dancing in the water yeah because you
got a skate right now we will gather all
these skateboards in a moment you gotta
get your blood dude I saw you trying the
full cab he'll flip yeah that was really
hard you'll get it one day
it's not gonna happen tonight no cuz
you're warming up so just do three flip
tricks different tricks great tricks the
best trick yoga tricks never been better
tricks wards gotta flip though no okay
look you need to lay the first trick yes
he was ready but I was totally ready
deduct a point do negative one
yeah he's a negative one I don't know
what that matters disappoint it's a good
point away does that still count his
first time yes but he didn't like Holly
plus one point for trying to back to
back
this is Brian if Brian's ideal it's not
my idea
it's a ear view Brian's your view okay
look to your left right the crazy angle
of this
that was that was scary to film dude it
looked cool you want to try it do like
that camped on the corner
we're getting into his head plus one
point for being honest about the pop
he's making one now but he's at one for
me
- one point for your board hitting that
wall expected negative use at zero no
here okay 1 minus 1 is not negative 1
yes - you know you did a fakie flip and
they need a kickflip and I just I feel
like I want them something slightly more
exciting he's got three for the right
nose you think that's more sight that's
good you about in between your legs the
spot up in the corner you almost hit
with your board that's it this is what
they're I think I'm gonna get a roll up
for this one - okay
there's more like a walk-up I hope you
did it good yeah the good thing in Casey
is that I was kidding about you like
being not losing your clothes or dying
on the mr. challenge I won't get better
yet good the bad thing is that I have no
idea what you're doing yet cuz I haven't
thought about it hey John handle just
got here your mystery challenge let me
go talk to John he'll distract him yeah
yeah mystery challenge is to go in to
get him to pattycake with you for a
minute straight one-one minute okay no
to 30 seconds because we don't want to
watch that that long 30 seconds okay you
can't say anything yes I have a timer on
the thing it was like 15 seconds I don't
wanna do well it's whatever the mr.
challenge but he failed you didn't fail
okay look at your faces face Google
Casey Begler whatever let's go to the
main challenge 20 different skateboards
and the hand board and finger board this
is gonna be tough there's not one
repeating graphic either that's pretty
good written all right your wire oh
you're a totally a lot of the finger
board matches the Johnny board so you
have 10 minutes I would save the hard
ones for last and just knock out as much
as you can right away you're gonna get
it worked out at least there's that
all right yeah and we'll pause while
he's switching out boards yes get your
death clock on it's a metal band I know
that walk lips is the show all right I'm
gonna give him 10 minutes and 59 seconds
you gave him a whole extra minute yeah
man
why cases my dude I'm picking the eBay
item if he if he loses
we're pausing between words yeah pause
machine board's business trip down
that's one dude that was really good
thank you
let's just have left like the 30 mins
left he's got ten minutes and 55 seconds
without that signal oh that's Sam tapers
in a great yes it is a big boy you can
be sloppy too okay
10:23 all right he still hasn't even
started his actual time you made it
happen Sam tapers boards special isn't
it I think it is Sam sir I guess
write-ins right in don't break my son's
favorite great hiding this was for you
it's at 7.50 that was your best one yeah
right seven five three ten thirteen he's
gonna do this because you gave me extra
fusion nine seconds parks a car on that
board face weird huh
no it's actually great
ten minutes and eight seconds yeah I
know samurai I'm a three foot this
during the actual video they do you
might have this is four seconds I know
it seems like he's crushing this but the
last few jacks are very hard yes just
wait until they're not normal stable
yeah
no it's better than you think dude
balances now it's his board it's a big
board all you go to the mall dude wow
you did like a 540 flip Oh Thomas action
you roll away count why'd you give him
the extra minute I didn't I give you
actually 59 seconds you don't know how
this is right Bracken's board oh yes
that is that is a very bracken board
you are very good at three points we
should have made you do like hard flips
I feel like the sketching ones that I'm
doing are making up they're like like
good ones no yeah 933 darkslide bored
let's do it there you go you got it
forty nine eight forty nine twelve more
to go I think I'm making good time
there's brian's brand new board how
tired are you thirty percent my energy
out of a hundred G's sub ed how's the
car
bangerang that was good 8:31 good we're
entering some bad territory here yeah
the mini Cruiser first you should not
have said that fifty six and half way no
thanks
see ya sure cool
speak of the devil good luck and good
luck and good look that was the weirdest
one you were getting to slim pickings we
have the mud board and the cruiser board
and then how do you do the model did you
roll there's no rolling involved and
these three feels so hard yeah that was
really good
okay see 6:29 you got it on your pants
oh god get to rest this way that was a
number two point thirteen Wow okay I'll
take that you didn't get to rest that
well in 680 backed myself into a corner
here no you're the quarters over there
with these boards
soft wheels is all I see cruiser board
factors big cruiser board six minutes
left six oh six safe is level six no six
six
Oh minutes here's your board big wheels
yeah this is my crew where do you cruise
bro cruisin USA - 601 six minutes this
one
good luck there's texture but it does
not grow I know it's
oh my gosh that was a great first
attempt Oh Casey you're weirdly good at
this you're gonna crush this task fidget
spinner that was like the meanest thing
I could have said before you try to
really put took my mind off her no I
didn't what do you have on your mind
Taylor Swift he's got 411 left four
minutes and 11 seconds yeah 352 do three
more three for three minutes he's
probably tired okay this is gonna be a
hard one princess board all he's got
you're counting that he did it did it
like body fair so you agree that it was
agreed that it wasn't the turn please
that was better now that I go with that
one 3:18 please
these are from John's videos yeah the
last like three days these are the his
video look at those wheels you got it
though that was so good Casey it's
coming down well there's potential
I may not new for this he is that much
139 okay so how long do you try to three
hold this the other day 50 how long was
it yeah I don't care
yeah
looks like a be easy no it didn't
actually you would've gone with ten
seconds you wouldn't that's good dude
see it would have been so much more
exciting shut up he probably he honestly
if he didn't give you that it probably
would've been in your head yeah let's go
to ebay you're getting a Nintendo key
card yeah that's amazing
I don't well let's show we'll let you do
the 35 one that's what you want nice yes
alright this guy does entertaining
videos here on YouTube he's a good
person who's a great skateboarder and
that his channel is floating above our
heads I think it's is it there it's
every I just looked over there on
purpose okay it's over there click it
and then it's also with the info you're
gonna want to follow him in subscribe to
his videos I'm gonna do 50 trailers on
your channel he's got three flip video
coming up I'm not doing that you are
right now you are and thank you guys for
watching I do videos all the time so if
you want to see more from me hit the
subscribe button right down below the
video you just click it it's free and
your signer to see more and yeah thank
you guys for watching I will see you in
the near future you guys can go out and
skateboard do it watch a movie it's a
weird idea it seems like they other
ideas yeah they're out of ideas
okay here's a skate shop straight
quarters I come
you guys need skateboard gear Brian
let's thank somebody who put an order in
oh absolutely yes I like this guy's
Thank You Linda coal from palmira
Virginia wind is awesome yeah
nobody really think it gets the level's
sport here the strike wears calm you
rule
I'll take that bill later one more rule
any one more yeah thank you - Zack
Stevenson from Rocklin California local
and right here I'm gonna do one I'm
gonna do one - Wow Steven Spielberg from
Los Angeles Wow
do you see this that's great I'm just
kidding
