the day has finally come no it is not
Christmas it is the day we about time
announce the winners to the recent
skater app contest what you won was
things oh yeah oh yeah I love it
we had three winners the first prize
being a complete skateboard that we use
to fill promo stuff for skater
application right there but and then two
other skateboard decks for second and
third prize but skater app s shoes a
bunch of other people threw in a lot
more stuff so Brian tell them we'll just
start with number three as we announce
them number three what - number three
win the third play person is going to
get a revived revived deck a pair of s
shoes a $50 itunes giftcard and then
three download codes for the skater app
that they can give to their friends okay
the second point you are just an outside
as we go oh sure and the end of it
number three is done - done done done
done it is at poor man style for a bunch
of different looks little pull tricks in
it out in the Carlsbad level yeah it's
amazing that was good
that was the first post that ever saw
that I was like wow you know how to use
this game yeah and this was really
really hard to decide the winners like
there were so many amazing entries
there's you be chance to win other
things so if you didn't win bear with us
don't be too bummed you can get more
chances in the next contest we're doing
is even better than this one so
congratulations poor man style check
your inbox
on Instagram sure we'll contact you
there and you can contact us about
getting stuff to you and number second
winner gets what the number second
winner number two whatever they get a
revive deck of their choice
a pair of s shoes a hundred dollar gift
items gift card and three skater epic
download codes that's pretty awesome
justice and the winner is that we got to
do it again idea Larsen from this insane
like manual combo that oh the love pork
one it brown was nuts got a three flip
nose mani
was the skinniest legs ever the know
about yeah that was like raw talent
ridiculous it'd be so hard to do that
that was really good congratulations
whatever your name was whatever little
screen ie ID Larsen ideologue dot Larsen
yeah that guy is and the grand prize of
the Hawaiian vacation is no what did he
win what did he win they got the
complete that we used to film yeah
pair best shoes a hundred and fifty
dollar itunes giftcard three and the
three a skater Ellen cares a lot of
stuff it is a lot of stuff as awesome
like if I got if I had a Thanksgiving
and they've heard of stuffing I would be
like all that guy won the stuffing oh
yeah yeah let's just keep going who won
he's done done done jelly probably the
most insane thing hot wax
Oh two three four this rail-to-rail
transceiver I did up Hollywood sixteen
and did like a gazillion laser hardflip
something into grind on the twelve down
it uh this game is hilarious because
it's pretty realistic when you're
playing it and then you can somehow
manage to do things like this if you're
really angry I tried to like figure out
how to get speed to grind oh I can't he
came close to I was like I was like oh I
can do it that track for maybe 45
minutes and I got maybe to the second
rail but I couldn't forget that so
congratulations hot waxer you guys like
I said you guys all did so so well and
it's really hard be congratulating to
the three winners just to make this
video a little more fun we're going to
do something that I have planned but uh
yeah we're check your Instagram inboxes
we're going to contact you on there
congratulations the winners and
everybody else we have more contests
coming so stick with us okay I had an
idea and then these guys liked it so
much that they want to do it later in
life to sabotage Sam Taber's we do it at
the end of the next contest this could
be the goal us dead zone video will do
is over there but what do we want to do
to make this video entertaining well
that we just going to be here
if he watches this oh it's okay Sam
Taber can wonder what we're gonna do to
him undefined um can anyone skate right
now
thank you try basics you hey will you
ollie over Alex meaning not like that no
you got to you got to do three tricks
over Alex buting got this guy like go
over the gyro I'll lay on the Sun yeah
that's fine that's it simple as can be
all right
is it gross it's a little dirty Holly
the green dude lay underneath the flat
barn he's gonna go over you come on
let's do it
this one's actually be scary are you
second thought you thinking is not wow
you don't got to do it that crazy
yeah there's no way houses all flesh
did you hit him you hit his leg he
alright I'll look you can see the mark
yeah as a wheel mark do that alright
back to the stairs he's gonna kick flip
over you look at the clean stairs how do
you feel are you comfortable not really
how's a good kick flip solid kick
congratulations are the winners
congratulations guys
you did good Sam Taber how's it coming
it's gotta come we do it cut anyone has
a dollar here yes Cody was dollar we
need to touch it up a little bit with a
sharpie which might have something to do
on a scale from one to ten does Casey
suck now yes yes absolutely
