1800 YouTube videos you have any idea
how many videos that is 1800 oh yeah
that's right it's exactly 1800 that is a
lot what we're looking at that's cool
I don't see one in that perfectly is he
an imaginary squirrel or is he real
usually your buddy wouldn't get up bush
and that's the things I've been making
videos for a very long time and every
time I hit 100 videos I make a recap of
the last 100 videos on my channel so
about to show you that I hope you guys
enjoy it but I just want to say thank
you guys for watching my videos it's
mind boggling that I've made that many
for one but it really means a lot that
you guys watch it and care to see what
the hijinks I get up to but that's it
say take it away it read back so you say
take it away ridin Petey the wave is
that's you run away run green-screen
attacks on Chris to make this fall
happen sorry Christian I just beat you
up via video game
warehouse Wednesday Oh straw him
dude that was bad it was bad scared but
sir should I not do it I won't do it
three two wah oh wait should I do it
should I do it now I shouldn't show ya
one two three four five six seven oh my
God look at the camper do you know don't
you don't you did he was he was so
smothered it it was like it's a little
room like he hates ranch right now if I
took this and just kind of like you know
just kind of go through it at them dog
he would throw up and cry and then here
actually ninjas don't work alright look
at the room it's Ranch soda you want to
taste it that looks disgusting it tastes
disgusting too to try it
you have to run away from it John
I'm too queasy I will vomit all over
your face okay do it then no I'm too
queasy
Craig you want to go switch flip-flop
first Roy dude that was like the best
one I've done like of all the tricks to
success give it five oh holy cow you're
good nothing give me five
85 I know how about one do another video
where we where we make you go in for
good oh hi hey dude was so good what are
we gonna do now and I don't know I don't
know um go home let's go huh yeah wow
you got like this hooked oh and your
balance dude I think the board touched
the ground
mark not like you and me all right Alex
your turn what that wasn't bad was it
Steph how's Tommy clapping but if I did
it right heel is am flip flip it I got a
box box I'm gonna open it's like it's
one of the greatest things that were
came to me in a box I've got an I'm so
excited look at that presentation looks
amazing
oh here it is
there you go that was good we five that
was really good
damn right go push it I'm still gonna
win it that is my dude you did it that
was it that was it
how does that feel good job buddy finale
this is the weirdest thing in the whole
world
it's like eating bat youse got a jewel
thing about you the whole thing
mmm that's bad ears yeah is it taste
just horrible yeah yeah it bet is bad
ears writin Gavin what yeah are you
ready I'm going to feed you a earthworm
if you can't read it over here well is
it bad
Oh a kick is a bad was it
I'm not kidding jump ha ha that was good
yeah look at you under that tree it was
a little weird I was sick that was the
craziest looking thing ever the fasten'd
I didn't grind it was just like Andrew
Shaw why might was under this tree
hate riding what are you doing meanwhile
and guess opens it down usually that's
thick the complete opposite what about
therefore okay yeah that's like you
think the opposite what you do to a boat
you fell you alright yeah alright well
was that cool alright say that's all
folks I fell broke don't hit the camera
