pretty cool I guess
hey there you guys go that was Carlos
battling that three double flip and it's
kind of weird because I recently been
skating with Carlos recently and he
doesn't miss tricks so when he battles
something you know it is a tough trick
he just dropped a video apart and Nigel
sent me this footage to post my channel
which I'm super thankful for Thank You
Nigel for let me post this but you need
to check out the actual part Carlos is
awesome he's a down-to-earth passionate
skateboarder a super nice dude and his
video part is mind blowing your mind
will be intact but you will love it I
click the bottom link when the screen
changes go watch Carlos's part it is so
so good and make sure you tell them how
good to leave a comment to the videos on
Nigel's channel get to people I'll see
you guys tomorrow cuz I do daily videos
here but mainly check out Carlos is part
that's good and i'm tired i'm gonna i'm
gonna upload this video that I'm to go
to bed
you
