what's up guys this is a day-in-the-life
46 um it's like yeah I'm like seven
thirty and I'm getting out to start my
day I got a run Edgar the warehouse and
I got to leave the warehouse very soon
because skate campus today there's a
hair on the lens sorry YouTube but
you're welcome because I just removed a
hair from your face but skate camp is
all a skate park gonna be fun I'm gonna
take you guys with me and I think John
Hale and Sam's Tabor are showing up but
first let's go to the park
we're here the park I'm gonna run 1.2
miles today I usually do a workout - I
usually not here but at home I usually
do crunches and push-ups also to start
my day but I had this weird bag thing
lately it's not quite at 100% so I'm
gonna go easy just do 1.2 miles and then
go to work that's it that's what I'm
doing okay Kyle's beard a little weird
but I'm gonna go do this now you can't
watch him sorry I'm done it is muggy out
my gosh I feel like I just ran in Azu
Azu and does you doesn't have to be hot
and muggy okay it could be cold because
there's a zoo in since sandy and it's
cold in winter just to put that out
there but no I got to take some Brian
says we got a lot of talked about but I
only have like 20 minutes at the
warehouse before I turn around go skate
camp so I'm not gonna get much work done
but I'm gonna go get some coffee and I'm
gonna get some breakfast and then I'm
gonna go talk to Brian at the warehouse
so let's go
he
Oh back you want to talk bright names
hello no actually not Brian said we had
a lot of things to talk about
do we what did we did I almost dropped
my camera right here
do you member last time like just
although there's something right here if
anyone made it to ghosts maybe that goes
to the warehouse that that is always
showing up what everyone's wrong you
lied to me is my point
hi you stretched the truth ice
approached the truth and what are you
filming right now a Dane what you just
said you weren't filming okay I lied to
you use a lot of hands motors I thought
that was very Larkin that's not service
we will muster from you yelled it I'm
yelling it like that's like the best I
can do like choose mother's day they
can't make that hazy job right literally
hippo Mandir is that really the only
thing we need to talk about one thing
and the food thing oh my gosh the summer
revived release happened last night
technically this morning so right now as
you're watching this the summer revive
stuff is is for sale and in the where
else Wednesday we forgot to talk about a
tool somebody I'll show you how the tool
we talked we showed it in that Hudson a
keyboard one we did show to that but I'm
gonna go show them the tool when you go
say hi to Ryan chambers I'm gonna make
them get the shirts out of my car that
they need to fold and stuff too and then
I'm gonna leave in good Ollie's here is
the production side of shred course
we're all the new look at all the decks
that need to be sorted but about time
you're watching this there on the
shelves and ready to go to you guys here
is the revived skate tool it's blue with
blue metallic it's really cool
and it does the same thing that skate
tools have done pretty much since they
were they start to exist and they help
you put your skateboarding at it but
I've got the 8-bit logo on there on let
me and see it but I go on the site if
you really want to look at it my gosh -
Alex brilliant donuts
that's dangerous dude you're eating one
it is this guy's birthday I knew that
that's why you'll get a present
eventually when I get when I get it I
got him one of these things I gave him
one of these yeah
oh he got more something that already
existed yesterday last week okay well
happy birthday thank you also on a scale
from one to ten how do you think bright
names are doing right now 11 these doing
11 yeah what do you think he's gentle
that's what I was gonna guess - so I'll
bump him go eight so weep so one of us
can be right and wrong let's go over 110
right now in your day how are you doing
salt seven okay see that's right I was
gonna go forward to but I went to eight
because either one didn't won't be the
same but Casey was right Casey one easy
one OPSEC a camp with my huge book bag
office prepare to be locked my office is
locked
halite prepared to be turned off you
guys saw it right I pressed the button
whenever I'm down the lights are staying
on
we're at Ollie's and it started raining
it hasn't rained in a while we've been
actually getting very lucky this summer
but at least I'm at an indoor skate park
right a skate camp skate camps in full
effect all right we're just going to
hang out with the skate campers do some
filming have some fun right Greg that's
about that's what it's about John Hill
hello good sir how you doing good man
how are you good I've never seen you
wear light blue hey wait that's me every
single day every day whoo Holly oh oh oh
I was perfect
is it hi
jiya Susie's here you've probably seen
her in my videos she kills it except
right there but every other trick she
always lands
how's bird oh my gosh
how swish
ah
you to redo it yeah I would not
personally I would just I would go home
and pour some Cheerios Cheerios cereal
I'll just not even explain myself
first time I've ever done a front of
about him how it looks is why I don't do
the more often never done
oh are you actually in the front hold it
down in the back
Benji's birthday and we were going to
sing overlooking standing he's standing
like on the mountain of always happy
birthday to you take away and they're
all yours
Maria Sears is here this is Sam and he's
here from Scotland know if everybody
dude hey every kid and then this is Sam
and he's from Kentucky
hey is it Ricky what are you doing uh
walking and standing yeah all right
we're leaving an hour later than I was
supposed to I didn't even start filming
until the time that I was supposed to
leave so my whole day is pretty busy now
but it was a fun time everyone at skate
game was awesome
some really good tricks went down and
that was my first ever front tip about
hip so at least I walked away with
something I didn't really get to skate
too much myself but uh that's life and
literally just like that it looks like
it never rained outside and it was
really raining before I waited always it
was pouring on my way to always cool I'm
stuck at a train Craig is beyond the
Train Craig is lucky I'm not okay I
can't be too mad because it's literally
one train there it is there's the one
train
all right first stop on the way back to
shred quarters is a target
goodbye round chambers birthday present
because of such remembering then I
didn't mean it's not that I didn't
remember I even know when his birthday
was so I'm gonna get that I got to pick
up a jump drive for Brian Eames and then
I think it's in freakin bingo here you
go Brian Rhine chambers is like me any
nice Legos as should everybody uh try to
find a Lego form we're going this is it
TIE fighter rocks okay so that was quick
and easy and painless I've said this a
million times videos Legos are so
therapeutic I love building a Lego set
and Ryan chambers shares the head of hub
so I'm gonna go over to smoothie king
and get a smoothie for lunch and then
I'm gonna go back to Shrek orders I have
a film something there and then do some
business and all that fun stuff
and this is my hand right here and then
this is my hand with a smooth unit and
now it's in my face
that's yours
revive got some of this for Ryan
chambers for free thing some of it it
was more than 50 bucks okay that's what
we usually spend so I just added 50
bucks and bottom aisle cheesecake your
carnot is the harbucks there yeah so
that's where you get happy birthday and
then this so this is a combo of reviving
me awesome you're gonna when you put
this together you're gonna enjoy it I'm
gonna join the crap out of this yeah
thank you very much that's the most
emotion I've ever seen yeah
what I was gonna buy this what do you
don't unless you have it obviously not
now and then this place is good if you
if you go there and order food I love
cheesecake did you mean to do that
oh you left because of I love cheese
have you seen that show him the video
right now you like cheese kick it home
hello chief don't you say good night son
you're late in here she's gonna be here
is freaking Craig you are folding I
looked over here and I thought he had a
full on screen print I was like wow did
something new happen to last three hours
of Shrek wars but now you're just
holding on a photography table you're
doing a great job look at that look at
that Brian can I ask something of you
that could possibly result in you
getting injured sure you'll do that good
you'll find out what I just asked him
tomorrow cuz it's tomorrow's video okay
so I am just gonna get some much-needed
work done to my computer and then I'm
gonna film to that video that was just
talked about with Brian and then I got
to get out of here this is a crazy day
we're actually having some Sam Tabor his
wife over for dinner tonight
we're cooking for him and stuff so I'll
be fine I'll hang out with right I gotta
film a video with Ryan I'm a very busy
day but you guys are on the adventure
with me so uh bright side as you don't
have to watch me do computer work for an
hour or so or however long it takes so I
just filmed a video with Sam and Brian
that will go up tomorrow make sure you
tune in it's an interesting one then
Casey space
that was so disturbing clean up pretty
this deck is gosh I love this deck you
guys haven't had a chance to check out
the news summer lineup which is a for
sale officially today definitely go
check out the last warehouse Wednesday
we go over all the products and JP
Cooper did a really good job on these
decks so those who don't know by this
time in the video I own operate robot
skateboards and force wheels the bright
names than these wonderful Co friend
worker dudes help keep this place a lot
okay so I'm gonna pack up here and then
we go home and hang out little guy we
actually have a video to film I'm going
out of town this week I'm going to New
York tomorrow afternoon so gotta film
some videos that I won't have time to
film over the weekend that I normally do
but there'll be a lot of relaxing and
hanging out with the family so that's
good I can do that three videos in one
day including this this is a productive
day thank you guys for you do and I'm
leaving you have a good birthday thank
you for your work dude bye dry quarters
either I'm home you're gonna drive with
me mmm fYI we're driving five feet you
sit back though okay you sit back how
was your day buddy and we are in the
garage normally you're not allowed up
here are you buddy you were when you're
older you gotta have your seat belt on
all that stuff I was a fun ride though
thanks ride with me
I love you lucky I missed you today
here's my messy garage at least it's
working as Miss high right all right so
I'm home I got situated for a second but
now I'm going straight into hanging out
with Rhydon we actually have one video
to film but I'm getting a phone call our
names so I'm basically just hanging out
with him and then we have Sam and his
wife coming over it'll be a relaxing
night it'll be night all these cleaning
up later let's go that's a good start
buddy it's looking decent so we just
filmed a video and played for a second
oh how about this let me straighten up
okay hey you play in your playroom or
something and then I will go outside and
play with you okay is that a new song
buddy oh dude I said it when I was a kid
you use it you still do it air feed it
feed it ridin that was awesome high-five
say thanks mom
got one
you did it is that it
yeah thank you oh look at it exact okay
you're doing great you did it
it looks like our cats there's one of
them stamp papers you ever I am here hey
easy we didn't like - he's living almost
the same days yes every time we do
dating lines we do it at the same day
you can't can't skate camp though it
would be called it now we'll be calling
it no that's what I'm talking kid I was
going to buy an integer number one and
then I found this reprint and I was like
well I want to read it that's awesome so
I'm gonna read this and then about
number one I got Han Solo issue one
today because it just came in right we
be cooking he be cooking for years so
you're standing I'd be saying yeah there
you go I saw one two bubbles we got
salmon and veggies and corn what's your
veggies names got going I am doing up
oh geez right this is gonna be food do
you like your food ridin what Oh Brian
what time is it oh yeah
then wait would you ever come to you all
right ice cream and dinner's over
I have a lot of dishes to do and I gotta
edit this whole day in life today
because I'm about to leave for New York
tomorrow like I said earlier it's gonna
be an eventful evening me next copy boy
yes carpet board set that off camera and
I was like you should do that for the
camera and that's what sounded super
scripted Sam let's carve a board oh I
think so Sam yes Karl oh good
ooh there you go oh my gosh you did it
oh you did it dude high five
missed oh you don't take that so what's
your flip first ride
shove it first right he'll flip that was
ish first try Casper first drive there
you go high-five all right so we're
ending it right here this little guy's
about to pass out this little guys about
to leave and pass out so thank you guys
for hanging out I will do another one of
these soon I'm sure I do daily videos
though so tune in for more writing you
got any last words for YouTube okay tell
me level ba-ba-boom Robert no no
okay so we just got done from this video
and I'm carrying all this stuff and the
camera and the first time I kick it down
the stairs that slid down like a sled
and this time I push it like an idiot
there's trash on the floor and it's my
fault because I'm male
