all right that wasn't too bad right said
nobody ever that was absolutely horrible
and if anyone is trying to act that was
not a bad fall they're lying to you
again they could not be trusted niggas I
personnel make a truce in Mario Kart now
hit you with a red shell the moment they
get the opportunity okay people like
that out there there's a blue shell
coming for you if you ever get into
first place and if you don't get in the
first place Bullet Bill I can keep going
that was Chris martes people okay that's
her skating and that's who's falling
torte with his face towards metal if I
was a name-caller I might call Chris
handrail face now because that's what he
got he got a hand a face full of
handrail I mean that was bad okay and
how many people can complain about their
day that way I mean a lot of bad things
happen in the world came but the average
person is not gonna have that to
complain about the end of the day normal
people are like oh I slept wrong okay oh
I'm sore chipotle was closed I hit my
face on a handrail that's never happened
to me now that I've said it I'm pretty
much screwed is one of those Falls
you're like I hope I never do that like
I hope it don't get sacked hit my head I
hope it'll hit my face on freaking
handrail I mean I try to imagine what
it's like it is probably one of those
things that just like hit you really
hard you don't know what actually hit
you and you're off my head bounced off
the handrail I kind of feel like it'd be
getting punched by Iron Man okay and
that is not something I would like to
experience ever there's not much worse
like it happened on this rail let's got
punched by Iron Man at the same time as
hitting it on the handrail
they freaking weedeater right out of my
window right outside my window we eat
away keep eating the weeds take a second
and imagine like a kid that wants to
start a skateboarding just driving by
and seeing this at the same time like oh
look mama skateboarder the family just
looks over and smiles and they seem his
face like well you're not skating
anymore Timmy sorry that sucks I
remember one time when I was a kid I saw
a guy I'll curtain blew my mind if I
would have seen Chris hit his face on
the handrail it's still probably to blow
my mind look at this freaking farmers
tan what are you talking about Andy
what's wrong with a skate spot this rail
I mean it's a low you know it's a low
and risky because you get on their low
and then you could fall down real big
and so it wants to be bored slate or
front boarded want you just look at you
like I want to skate this rail but then
you got to think about it not the best
roll up and then if you mess up like
Chris did you're gonna you're gonna go
down and honestly most people would have
just probably sacked or something but
Chris he with the other out okay he did
it with the so hats off to Chris martes
because he did it he'd say that about
his life like yeah you know that's it
I've hit my face on a handrail as far as
girls caring about dudes that are tough
okay Chris Martin's his face and a
handrail you should probably eat him he
lives in Kentucky so I'm saying it'll
get creepier if I go into more detail
but chris is an upper cover here in
Cincinnati I've seen him start
skateboarding ish i cants like I've
known him since he started skateboarding
but uh I wrote him earlier on in his
stages of skateboarding and he is
progressing so fast it's insane all
right every time I see a clip on this
guy is he gets better every single time
I follow him on Instagram I'll put us
Instagram right down the info he's a
good dude and he's terrific at
skateboarding to getting so Tekkit
manuals and stuff and falls like this
don't stop him so here's some footage he
sent me some random clips off of his
Instagram I think but I actually stole
one of his YouTube sorry Chris uh so
just to throw it with some footage of
him actual landing tricks not hitting
his face and hope you guys enjoy it
watch this
so there you guys go hope you like that
this was fall friday i do this like
every kind of review falls and just rant
about him i don't actually think about
what i'm saying i just watch the clip
and turn the camera on and start talking
about it oh because Doug that's if you
want to see more for me I do these every
other week so in two weeks i'll be back
with off all friday but i also do daily
videos so hit the subscribe button if
you want to see more but i'm gonna do
the hot seat which is where I mess with
my echo friends my people that are work
here at the shred quarters I'm gonna
stop talking let's go go I'm just
getting a seat right here Sam de ver am
I gonna be talking well you go talk i'm
gonna talk to you though say or get down
put your face down lower and say hi hi
you what it was your name Sam tabor how
old are you seven and you're single I'm
not if you 11 million dollars what would
the first thing you would want to do
what would it be stay round chambers
naked for 15 seconds
it's ridiculous there's that person that
will make a truce ah ah ah we're talking
like that now so hats off to Chris okay
because one this rail is kind of insane
there's not a really big roll up or is
it can come right what you do what is
with me too damn freaking I mean remake
I'm not saying it I'm not even gonna go
I'm not really yeah you know everyone's
skateboards thinking apple wood because
it's like hint ah so hats off to Chris
Marta's k cuz he did it he frickin so
hats off how many how many times I gonna
forget say hats off ok this is I just
erase the clip that all i said was hats
off just hats off it's all but idiot so
hey Todd I gave it to it now I can't say
it well just say something I'll be knees
off I'll say beanies off
