we're gonna go box what's in the box
we're gonna find out when to sit in the
box
I guess we're talking about a Brian
she's gonna go crazy maybe do you need
keys open up keys I didn't watch any
unboxing video I've done do please I
suppose if you do it that way it is the
most rewarding one ever to be amazing
you guys already know by the title this
is the parent bebop to drone there's a
note on it alright
as promised here is your bebop - please
tell Brian not to destroy this one Tom
look at that
there it is this is its this is a little
more sleek and a smaller profile so
hopefully it'll be a little easier for
Brian tell Brian of a Roxanne that says
that please keep tell Brian not to
destroy this one the smiley face well
Tom I'll do my best here buddy really
we'll go outside for this where all
these keys are you Mike using any keys
against you suck it unboxing me I don't
it looks like something gonna be in a
video game
no before you fly oh it it shows you yet
suck that don't suck don't suck here's
the things that probably no one ever
reads we gotta charge this right away
though yep here it is
accessory box yellow accessory box the
charm swimming that's the charger I'm
assuming Donald's happening I don't know
what's happening here is the the parody
Bobbie I like it I like how small it is
due to cut white choppers wings what
angles are the battery repellers yeah we
need to charge that right now because
we're going out to use this like right
now all right positive charge all right
let's pausing the charge
we gotta unbox this before
don't rip it okay this is what does it
have that I don't know what this does
but have that dude what is this ah ha ha
there we go look at that here put that
on there
it's an adapter so no matter where you
are in the world that can charge on your
wall that's kind of cool look it has a
bunch of mini alright so now here it is
do we need to know anything before
putting these on let's go black
let's go black gonna be specific wait
they usually are
what on their favorite kinds no it's
what I think this is just extra here
which prior read this thing that I said
we're not gonna read anymore that's the
thing we need Wow great start oh wow
look there's super color coded are they
for on flex in the back which is the
front yeah you're doing nope
I think he used a tool if we figured it
out we use the tool success right a
little bit of a success slight success
at the moment tonight Frank I've done
and just removed the sticker come on oh
that's me Mon maybe just move the lens
Brian just remove lens cap to unveil the
camera so what you do is you download an
app on your phone so Brian will fly it
right from this phone which is apparent
really cool because it keeps down on
cost if you buy this at the store
I think this runs $500 retail point
three it's really lightweight it's
really like I said slim and sleek it
looks nice
feel like it's pretty durable it doesn't
this feel like solid like I feel a
little safer at least I like this one a
lot but yeah so this is pretty cool dude
and it like just it's just built well
get all these like suspension things
inside it how many guys can see that
look very dirt on the can
yeah it does look durable don't let that
go to your head true I'm gonna learn how
to fly this one actually upload another
one alright so also that's really cool
is it comes with an extra set of
propellers so if you Brian aims it
sorry that's like a bird now yeah you
can just put new ones on and you
hopefully not suck the second time all
right Morgan led the charge for a second
then is gonna cut and we are gonna go
out and film those aerial shots on a
flat bar or something in a parking lot
so switch to that right now
all right Bryan Ames are you ready for
this I'm not sure it is a little windy
so hopefully it doesn't just throw this
thing all over the place because that's
probably a thing it does have a big red
dot on the back this is done the moment
is almost here hey ready to try it right
I'm just terrified but you almost why
are you terrified because I crashed the
last one immediately max adds its
altitude we're gonna go ahead and make
that Ryan even message for a future
Brian I don't know I'm gonna go for it
all right didn't break we need the tool
yeah we figured it out we put the
propellers on the wrong really I'm sorry
we'd really suck at drones this thing is
really durable though it didn't break at
all it just flopped at the ground and
it's like hey fix me guys the time has
come
are you ready hope so it's really scary
oh no no no how easy is it looks good
I keep keep up then we had the
propellers on row Oh scary Wow
they're gonna land it Wow yes as you're
eating ruffles
he's terrifying are you ready to search
try this alright guys we're gonna switch
over to the drone and see what footage
we can get with the bebop 2
this one surprisingly well yeah there we
go
well there you guys go yeah we we were
super happy with that it does take a
little getting used to you actually
control with the phone like what so
whatever way you move your phone is the
way it goes there's three different
modes though but that's the one that's
normal mode okay that's the mode that we
were using we definitely are gonna keep
using this get our hands dirty and
hopefully come up with some more stuff
but thank you so much to tom and parents
for sending us this this is the bebop 2
and it's awesome it's a $500 those one
comes into red by the way the one on the
website isn't red I saw that no I was
like dude I want that one but super
psyched on this Tom you were the best
and yeah I appreciate a lot guys to
parrots I'll put the link right down the
info that they were kind enough to give
this to me I'm happy I didn't crush this
one immediately you kinda did that's
available
really
you want to do it with a fisheye lens
yeah no I'll learn a mini-mart
Wow
how good of that feel oh really good I
was supposed to say how super good you
just learned it didn't you yes how can
you be consistent if you haven't even
done it yet it seemed so easy in my mind
