Casey are we messing with Brian Eames
again did absolutely so look at this
shirt okay Brian doesn't know this shirt
exists look at that horse yeah that's a
great horse so we're gonna have some of
the guys wearing this shirt casually and
see how long it takes me to notice I can
see him taking it milk it's gonna take
forever
well let's see let's find out let's go
let's go to the warehouse Wednesday I
don't know why I poured that at all
Kathy need to bounce the ball stat house
fast Kathy Kathy I need a squad and then
they were not there another here there's
your spider what are we doing what are
we doing today Brian is continuing
walking right back where he came from
yeah so it is what is it what's special
about today
summer Reviver least it is product
release day summer product release day
guys
are you ready talking long enough to
realize amazing yeah that was faster
than I thought
that's incredible Brian Ames didn't know
but he was kind of getting pranked right
now is this a shirt you didn't know
about
I do not know gets to come out this
Saturday means how awesome is this shirt
is it just notices this warehouse
Wednesday yeah it does read that with a
red said like the coolest thing ever
yeah all right so what we're doing is
we're gonna go to unveil the summer 2016
gear in the warehouse and then we're
gonna skateboard and you guys can hang
out nd you can see Matt Damon I'm just
so mad and David I've been put together
until it's like Matt Damon let's go
figure
what's your look at these products guys
that was Ryan chambers and mine doing
and we've been doing it for months now
you guys saw that you had paid uh their
clothing yeah I know
I almost got caught you did you made
this super more organized than it ever
has been no yeah we have all the new
products right here we have the new
skateboards we've got some new
accessories we're gonna go through them
and tell you about them pretty much
everything we've ever done with the
product releases what do you want start
let you start with you start with me
well this is right here let's be let's
do this we have a we have a swimwear
it's a zip-up it's lightweight you can
call it a hoodie Brian has a hood it's a
hoodie yeah
but what are you doing it you're giving
me my hand this time okay it's
lightweight hoody it's yeah it's lighter
it's got cash what you mean is my
lightweight is that it's not thicker you
know if you're gonna wear a hoodie
during the summer and you're gonna want
it to be this one because it's a little
thinner than normal the coolest hoodie
I've ever seen that's a big thing going
on that's like the theme of this whole
season it's like a sequel to last summer
kind of speaking about sequel this one
is the official sequel to cats now what
was that you got feathers and I feathers
I mean yarn yeah it's not feathers at
all invites Eagle I mean I mean Taco
Waller we got the taco walrus we got the
taco walrus and II drew this yeah I did
in like 30 second I think it's pretty
fast it is pretty fast
it's one of my goofy animals and I don't
know I mean what why wouldn't you put a
war is it a taco I know right what do
you think that the next two coming
together we're on this earth life line
first life line guys look at that it
comes in black and green you don't say
I said Casey do one doing Casey Casey
talking about this thing all right so
it's white what is this called the super
shirt let's call the super super shirt
super shirt I thought you see what names
on these are private names for these
names they're all skatin yeah and fYI
have you ever seen me wearing red shirt
is because they have to make special red
shirts for me so I'm sorry it's a only
available in white but it pops get out
no super key super key super team how I
got it looks good on white did it come
with hangers oh they don't come with
hangers yeah where did all these hangers
come from I'm gonna use them for the tip
of the catalogue the bat Oh tell that
story Brian so use your work face this
attempted to come back last winter but
we accidentally had red and gold
lifeline teeth but now we actually have
the original og red lifeline this is a
very prestigious ever made as revenge
but we're bringing it back revive old
school on happy how do you accidentally
get gold great question
don't put it in there go we got a
t-shirt this is work hi Alex sorry come
on active like a professional
professional we've a black t-shirt we do
have a black t-shirt it's got a little
little Jimmy guy in the flywheel we
should call this gem sure the GM shirt
and then there's one thing on the back
it did just its date I can't talk it's
wise everything had to have like a Reds
logo
dangerous to everything and take this I
am on everything yeah you're like the
new pro for if I I'm not except you can
flip at all I've never landed hard with
my life oh we got something does not
revive at all yeah Brian all right here
talk about oh I got a lot of wearing out
of my body
yeah oh we got this t-shirt right here
damn grip that's happening t-shirt is
black Doug made it is his license plate
what'd you do this morning Brian Oh
Rhoda Boyd don't give me that
accessories okay when you're getting
ready in the morning okay when you need
to put that something extra to make your
face not as dumb as it usually is me -
not just him you're gonna put on
accessories what is he gonna put on oh
because you're gonna tell people about
them oh yeah this you have these these
block the UVs yeah so they block UV they
definitely do that and then on the side
it's a little dark in this lighting
there we go we got the 8 bit we got the
8 bit logo on the glasses I can't see
anything
Katie can you really not know I can well
there's a sticker actually yeah see they
block in their shields at the same time
as my point the core feelings are you
okay yeah all right
just all right honestly you guys can buy
this if you want but these are pointless
does anyone like lanyards in life yeah
it's very I want more of them okay well
there you go
no take your product you know what am i
FanDuel and angers I like to be honest
like to be honest with my things but
it's it maybe if you like lanyards is a
great lanyard but as far as lanyard go
it's a bright and red and it's got a
upside on graphics and explain it it's
not it's a lanyard it's a little bit
yards lands fun fact I used to wear
lanyards in my left pocket for about
three years in high school okay you
don't wear something in your left pot I
read in my left pocket hey grandpa are
you ready I'm ready
what's the story time those are called
the warbirds by the way the words yeah
it all the Sun destroyers the glassy
glasses are named after sci-fi ships so
the first one to find that's also from
Star Trek they're all they're all Star
Trek ships the Romulan warbird nerd nerd
effect
are you ready grab all right what's our
first board oh there's the new life line
surfers life line
earth white one there it is should be
good one day if it's in a bush you might
not see it because it camouflaged
interesting observation yeah alright we
chose this one on Sunday
yep there's names brothers you might
think these are two different dudes but
they're not this is Brian Eames that is
Brian Eames it's a super bored Ryan you
should be proud we're on there it's
interesting skateboard the art you're
not done at all John are you just
handing these to people
oh I can I want to hold oh look at those
Jim if anyone ever wanted us to make a
gemstone with different colors
skateboard here it is
please tell me that's called the master
board it's not come from Scott gems
thing
the master board will be very very good
though good let's just rename it master
board this it's James
I won't Tim I want 5% it's called yellow
we we have like did you get it the
master board have distributors let's
just do that next summer okay all right
you get on this one next remember we
have a bathroom for this one
spear squeezy echo sphere sphere this is
the sphere board all right so yeah we
got revived skateboards we got the
emblem right here it's a nice looking
deck JP Cooper made pretty much all
these right I literally made all of them
all of them filled
JB Cooper here's a space you have
everything you have the pro day product
boom oh okay this is one of the greatest
boards ever made in skateboarding dog
years ago - this is called boom this is
boom ugh boom the board Pabu Doug just
elevator leaders better and this is
Aaron Kyra's warrior deck that looks
like it's supposed to lay out exactly
both of them you forgot something we
have two hats coming they're coming in
two days
let's pick up and put a picture of it on
Casey's head this is the first one okay
and whoa hi and this is the second one
Hey look good yeah so those are in the
mix - that's it all of this comes out at
the Shred quarters calm Saturday morning
Eastern Standard Time
technically Friday night at midnight so
K as soon as it clicks over to Saturday
I don't know why the days are clicking
but as soon as it happens this stuff is
available and if you if the skate shop
if your skate shop carries revived and
they already have the gear they're able
to sell it right now so go call them up
and say hey will you sell me this
because they're allowed to but if not
the Shred crews calm its link is right
down there at midnight Friday night and
then setters last Saturday morning we're
gonna skateboard guys good autumn we're
gonna skateboard Matt David skate time
skate them let's do it
and all that stuff
you
that was it everyone did tricks and it's
a happy ending you did three I did four
count better - I might even one
depending if you want to put both my
tricks in the mini edit or not sure if
you want hey John when does this stuff
come out Oh Saturday saturday Saturday
Friday night at midnight Saturday
morning I know yeah you know what's less
confusing this would be if this all just
launched five minutes earlier now you
just met work please give you hy
hey is the after clip pop quiz okay if
you were Lady gaga
uh-huh yeah okay what's up that's it all
right what coming to John John
