what's your name banging Friday I'm your
dad
Hey do you know what time it is yep in
kind quiz is the Star Wars test I don't
know what do you like quiz or test
better great I'm gonna test him on some
Star Wars knowledge we did a Star Wars
quiz I got a year and a half ago don't
kick and you give me a Jedi
Jedi's don't know that sometimes kick
but don't force me either but you know
we did like a year and a half ago maybe
two years and he did really good he
impressed me but I've got a new batch of
questions right here and if he gets ten
or more better out of the 15 you get to
make me eat a weird cracker you can put
whatever you want on it okay I'm talking
hot sauce condiments whatever you want
to put on it I'll eat it and that's
gonna be terrible but if you do not get
10 right right in I'm gonna do it to you
that's the do do you agree alright first
let's do a ceremonial lightsaber battle
do you want to there's no way that this
still fits you they're gonna be year ago
the longer than that man it's been a
while it really does don't fit you do
that thing must be huge when you got it
alright Darth Vader let's get a
lightsaber all right now I'm back after
you chop off my legs whoa
like a left-handed lightsaber
Oh Oh we both got our legs oh we gotta
jump on one leg
good lightsaber battle that was fun
now you ready for the quiz yeah all
right go over there Darth Vader who had
a blue lightsaber right there the time
has come
15 questions I made these harder this
time okay your fight you're almost six
years old we've watched a bunch of Star
Wars and you should know your stuff okay
starts off very easy question one who
does bb-8 belong to yes
Poe Dameron who is one of the cooler new
new characters in the new Star Wars yes
he does at the ins towards the end of
movie when they're on crate I think it's
cold okay question two what is the
character that helps Lando and mean um
blow up the Death Star - he was in a
different ship go say it I'd be really
impressed we got this one five four
three six
yes what is it wedge that's good man I'm
gonna be eating this tractor that was
one of the harder ones alright that was
really good dude jeez alright this is
another easy one to question three name
two things a Jedi can do that normal
people cannot everyone can kick are you
kidding alright nose for serious you
gotta do two things that's special about
a Jedi that normal people can't do
starting right now
this with the light paper anyone can do
that
no wrong these dresses are right they
could make they can levitate things make
things float and stuff okay they could
before they can they can affect the
weak-minded so they can say like these
aren't the droids you're looking for
remember they can kick so I mean your
head were you a Jedi cuz you can kick my
gosh right you impress me up the wedge
one if there was a beard I love you well
this is one of more difficult ones that
you're probably gonna get this naturally
what kind of droid does Han Solo destroy
at the beginning of Empire Strikes Back
on Hoth it's a type of droid snow droid
is incorrect it is probe droid - made -
failed next question what happens to
c-3po when he gets to Cloud City you
knew that you remember that yeah he gets
blasted and then he gets put in a
backpack like a sack and just Chewbacca
carries around his backpack that was
good
alright three right - wrong question six
who helps pose steal a TIE fighter in
the force awakens
yes Finn good job okay
that's a cool scene isn't it yeah when
they have to like break the thing free
and they're blasting everything alright
so for right - wrong question seven oh
this one's this one's tough rogue one
there are walkers they are not atat
walkers there's something else what are
they called no wrong a TAC t is the
correct one yeah that was a tough one
I'll give you that okay he wants to show
you it he got this as a Christmas
present last year two years ago
no see the ATAC tees have this thing
that comes out there's candy in there
you put a warhead in here why you are
cute they got that wrong
four right three wrong you can only get
two more wrongs if you get three more
wrong you're done all right what did
Luke want to get at tashi station
nailed it gosh that was good yeah but I
was going to Tashi station to pick up
some power converters
yes he does it's all right he's Luke
Skywalker he can be whining ever down on
them all right so five right three wrong
the next question is named three kinds
of rebel starships that's the good guys
okay three of them yeah
bee wings one no rebel be what you got
be wing but those you haven't gotten
okay I'll take Millennium Falcon
countdown come on two one x-wing dude
yeah x-wing Y wing a wing
you knew all of those dude not you
didn't lose yet all right that's four
wrong can't believe you you got B wing
but not next wing it's all right buddy
it's just a quiz worst case scenario
you're eating some mustard hot sauce
concoction that I make for you
I know that's the idea why don't the
Ewoks want to eat a c-3po they think
he's a god that's good all right six
right and this is gonna get real hard
riding who is the imperial leader who
blows up
Alderaan in a new hope he's like Darth
Vader's cohurt remember his name
Leia talks to him it's a tough one this
might be the hardest one to give up
Tarkin
Tarkin you knew that all right here's an
easy one what is kylo ren's real name
benzo okay Oh you've gotten five wrong
seven or eight five wrong so you have to
answer everything right to win this okay
you got it all right what planet does
Java live on yes but what's it called
what there you go two more and I do
think you got these this would be
dramatic if you literally just got just
enough to win all right who isn't in the
last Jedi who is in charge or the boss
of the resistance the good guys for the
final question which makes or breaks
this if you get it wrong you're doing
the eating you get right I'm doing the
eating what is the name of the pit in
Return of the Jedi
the pit monster who eats Boba Fett we
have a Lego of this you did to this guy
his face was added later the original
cut didn't have a big head like that do
you give up yeah sess wrong the Sarlacc
pit you knew that all right well dude
you did good I'm proud of you you still
did nine that's pretty good you nailed
some questions I didn't that you're
going to but now it
time for your punishment buddy we're
gonna go down to the kitchen and I'm
gonna make you eat a cracker do you have
to take one bite all right yes you are
hey we'll do another one of these they
scared no good it's dumb I put stuff on
the cracker do you think toast would eat
this cracker right in this cracker is
about to be topped with some weird stuff
you ready
why is our Santa still here lime juice
Oh
Walker moly
mango lime juice and syrup oh that was a
lot and for the finishing touches all
right dude you gotta take a big bite and
got to get that Sour Patch Kid in there
okay over the
it's a it's not terrible that's
guacamole mango slice cracker lime juice
syrup and a sour patch kid you want to
spit it out dude
you could spit it out buddy are you be
sick you're okay
you swallowed that you did good dude hit
the rock I've got syrup on my fingers so
I'm trying not to touch anything so
we're going to immediately brush his
teeth because that was disgusting and
and then we're gonna we're gonna go play
oh no just more play game well play game
so thank you guys for watching I will do
give him a chance to redeem himself and
give him another quiz it probably be
Star Wars for a little while so what do
something else in the meantime but again
geez who's getting the syrup if you guys
want to see more videos from me hit the
subscribe button right down below it's
free it's easy and your sign up see more
I do videos with this guy about once a
week sometimes you just made syrup like
fly across the kitchen sit down - you're
in the top of the store we're so done
gosh we need to wash our hands I love
you what did what what Pitt ate boba
fett the rancor pit Sai Sarlacc okay
let's go
well I'll get the hots awesome you okay
with it
you just write out now coming up whoa
Carolina Reaper hot sauce
I'm kidding do not okay hey don't
actually drink that I'm act I'm not
kidding
don'ts what why would you throw this to
the ground and melt through the ground
what yeah you don't like her Carolina
Reaper salsa yeah well drink it come on
drink it up put it in your water he just
doesn't even believe me anymore that I
would do anything like that it's good
because I would never force vu Carolina
Reaper hot sauce I love you
