Brian it is assembling a skateboard 101
do you know that
no not really Brian's a lot like me and
he's pretty casual setting a board
together there's a lot of specific
things people do with their skateboard
when they're setting it up and Brian's
gonna tell you what he thinks matters
and what doesn't matter what you should
worry about when you're setting a
skateboard together
Brian Eames assembling a skateboard 101
you know that means hi
I don't know what I mean it means like
rudimentary or something I don't I don't
exactly know what we just told you
you're supposed to yes yes okay first
off you gripped it right now what are
the things you worry about when you're
gripping no air bubbles you does that
actually matter to you not really
because if there's an air bubble you pop
it with a blade yeah or if you just
skate it let's come out anyways so does
it matter there's a low down one
important thing that I do is I score and
then you know like I just scratch my
grip tape I don't do that I just pop it
on there I mean I didn't your did good
too good to go keep the Chris isn't that
you scrape the crap out of the sides cut
it and I roll it for the most part big
dog likes to like take his wheels and
rolls wheels on to get the air bubbles
out of it but you don't really need to
it will it will work I promise to make
sure your boards not super cold because
it's super cold the grip falls off so
there you go boom on to the next what
else to tell us about all you put
together so I have let me get it when
you look at it I have this board this
comes out later this week we will unveil
the whole line on Wednesday because I 5
- when you're seeing this I believe this
is the Ames brothers deck right yep what
sighs oh this is an 8 I skate Nate so
I'm super hyped on this it's kind of
weird to have it's not like this too
briny it's not like a pro board or
anything but it's like it's weird having
the end up skateboard or somebody looks
kind of like me aw just the trip jets of
griptape go through mall revived like
bolts these are I'm time testing these
out actually these are Bronson g3
bearings these are like the more
preheating fairings at Bronson mix I
have Aaron Cairo 52 millimeter fire
wheels and then I have standard everyday
8.0 Krux
trucks raw Ross with a new tool for the
oil oh yeah let's come out let's come of
this week - yep revived 8 bit tool
alright so when you're putting these in
your board do you worry about like a lot
of people cut like cut around here or do
you just get it in there so I have a
very specific field set Phillips head
screwdriver that I use and I just stab
it from the back yeah stabbing from here
boom boom boom boom boom
it makes a whole perfect can I go from
the front I kind of like put it in there
and wiggle it around and makes a whole
big one thing I want to say is don't
poke up through the bottom if you're
worried about having like your grip tape
looking nice on top if you poke up
through the bottom sometimes it'll break
the grip tape and crack it and leave
little spots that aren't gripped on your
board it wouldn't affect your skating
but when you're looking down it might
look weird I honestly don't even worry
about it I get the freaking truck on
here geez okay so clearly if you guys
don't know make sure that the kingpin is
facing inward and when Brian moves his
hand you'll be able to see that there we
go see that's really all you need to
know when putting your trucks on pretty
common sensical yep sighs get the four
bolts on there like loose Brian aim is
how do you get a girlfriend okay so I
took this like like baguette and I took
ricotta cheese and blue cheese and mixed
it together and I put that in the bottom
and then roast beef and then I made a
Caesar dressing slaw and put it on top
with a little bit of mustard and dude I
rock that sandwich it was the best and
that's how you get a girlfriend so right
here if you have a like the light bulbs
all of our hardware does it yeah we have
two different color bolts so you can
easily see your nose when you're looking
down if you have one but like when I was
a kid I just I took my truck or
something like that or the tool I used
to scrape down the sides that's made a
little line between those two front
trucks the two front bolts and did the
same thing so I would HIGHLY sit like
what he just said making the scratching
a line with like a rock or something
like a tool or something really helps
out just do something so you look down
and immediately see what is the front of
your board or not yeah you can get used
to without it for sure it's just kind of
easy it's kind of a night nice little
helpful thing really there's nothing to
say about screwing on your hardware
because you just do it basically not
make sure that it becomes like flush
with top of your board don't go too far
in don't go too far in but you got to go
in a little bit like I didn't get today
I asked he said he thought his board was
messed up because as always bolts look
like that oh and I was like you need it
you need to scream in a little more
buddy you need a little little building
do you like apples or pears better
that's a good question freaking pears
man I think I normally use a drill
honestly but here I'm told one time I
would just suggest a skate tool but if
you use a drill be careful because I had
my friend's dad came up and he's like
I'm gonna put this skateboard together
real fast for you guys and he drilled so
far he had like the best drill ever and
went straight into the fly of like a new
deck of my friends is Lou okay so do you
ever
care about these little spacers don't
give a crap about know what I always try
to use them but really I don't see any
sort of repercussion if you don't use
them I mean I do use them yeah
what if I like lose one or something
like that I don't care I got never felt
a huge difference but it probably
doesn't hurt so go ahead and use them
move down to the wheels there anything
special okay I guess graphic some people
like it outside some people bit inside
it doesn't matter at all it doesn't
matter all normally honestly I put it
inside but today I'm gonna do it out
okay I would like to point out that if
you rotate if you put them outside and
then reverse them to inside every once
in a while like just rotate your wheels
it'll keep the shape better because your
skateboard gets used to turning certain
ways and if you flip it around like
every like two or three boards it'll
keep the shape a little better make your
wheels last a little longer it prevents
it from getting coned if you ever seen
somebody's wheels where one side is
vastly smaller than the other that's
because they have never ever like
rotated their there have you ever used
these I've never even gotten those what
are them
they're spacers that go in batali in the
Badger bearings yeah I'm gonna use them
to use I've never used them before my
life this is another thing that I don't
think that matters but we're gonna try
it it's kind of cool packaging it really
is serious looking it comes on a spindle
it does come on a spindle
well that is adorable so you're gonna
use this I'm using everything I'm gonna
use it see if it makes any difference at
all push that on there there it is
so the spacer you put the first bearing
on normal then you put the spacer on the
axle and then you put the second bearing
it cuz it holds it that way so order of
operations will be putting bearing
spacers on first bearing in the wheel
then spacer then the next bearing and
then tighten it up yeah you want a
little bit of wiggle on this so you just
just a little bit that's perfect
maybe even a little bit tighter that's a
little tighter and then make sure it's
not too tight because then you stop
rolling that's perfect
do you think it matters whether you have
the shield's out were in because a lot
of bearings only have shields on one
side don't care at all he's up to two
wheels now would you make out with a
goldfish for $1000 sure well I wasn't I
feel like he was ready to answer sure to
that do you imagine how disturbing that
would be though it'd be pretty
disturbing it'd be animal cruelty
probably right maybe pretty much if you
do anything to animals that's like not
feeding them or walking them people
claim animal abuse I'm not saying it's
okay to abused animals but kissing
goldfish probably heard that much and
the goldfish would forget about like
five seconds later so I'm all for
someone that kisses a goldfish it's cool
long as you're not getting too weird
kiss it goldfish once a while oh wow you
did that really fast we rub the poor
which means you're almost ready for the
kick feel desperate almost I got I still
got a touch now it comes it's
heightening your truck's which is the
main kingpin this is personal preference
there's no bad way or good way to do it
whatever you are comfortable skating
then tighten it up and get a feel for it
and roll with that there's some people
that literally don't escape with
bushings there it is there it is
daughter is a complete skate board the
Brian is put together who knows how long
it will be before we mess with it haha
but yeah those are some little tips and
opinions on putting it you have the
skateboard I hope you guys enjoyed that
we're gonna film I just punch your board
you did we're gonna film this dude doing
some tricks on it and then we're gonna
call it wraps so Brian hey poop test
when you set up this is an essential
thing about setting a skateboard if you
can kickflip that is when you set up a
skateboard you have to see if you lay on
the first kickflip if you do it's good
luck for the whole board okay brand-new
shoes too
so I've like brand new shoes brand new
complete brand new everything so all
about Heat where your brain is there's
all kind of stuff so far nothing watch
off have you ever worn a brawl nope
alright Caitlin test
it was a good kickflip - that was good
okay all right let's get down to frickin
business that was a great high five
we're just doing great things now your
tricks are gonna suck we've all our
talent was put into those two things so
Brian's just getting this he's obsessed
with this bump to ledge and he's like I
only want to scoot there for this video
whoa
my name is crushing right now I think
you missed once like usual I miss once
you
and he did it how'd it feel for a name
oh my god that felt good that took an
hour plus he did battle it everything
else was like the easiest thing the
world the bottom my board
yeah well that's some circle slide mark
I did clean too man that makes me feel
good yeah that right there is a good
feeling at skateboarding hole boy well
good job dude
thanks for in this video what is it
called assembling your skateboard 1 101
something like that yeah
dude that I'm gonna I'm gonna have a
piece of pizza let's go save your beer
in television sure
it's really close ya know a fisheye lens
I can see I know but like I can see I
can see you're by YouTube audience is
this whole far away from my face yeah
how do you feel about order the things
it's the best Harry Potter book you
think so
yep or you took over my snapchat and put
it on there buddy everyone's like what
on your snapchat and then what is it oh
we should have extended conversation
about that sometime sure there's
literally nothing on my snapchat that's
good
and that was random conversations at red
quarters it is the best one
