YouTube what's up guys it is skate day
today we're going to go Street skating
it should be a lot of fun
right now I'm waiting for this bar to be
at a hundred percent I'm gonna make this
video live and then I'm gonna go meet
Alex at shredders and I don't buting I'm
sorry I'm late right now no not yet in 8
minutes I will be late so I'm sorry but
hi Alex
hi Andy all right we are at the spot
right now and ready to skateboard
we got people we got John Hill over here
that's how he talks
yeah exactly you're mocking me yeah a
little bit hey and good and good in good
ways
we have Craig so me what is up man how
you doing that up here okay we are Tom
well that was a horrible I said again
because we have everyone I know we do
kind of always mess up don't we yeah we
suck at high-fiving he has dogs and ice
cubes on his shirt
sure you remember wait oh man you made
that shirt because I said something
random at a video yeah and I laughed
about it for like an hour that's amazing
that let's just try and make one I was
like we need then what video did I save
cockers hang on ice video we're at home
and I said something to you and I was
like wow
Abdi you're hearing this stuff so in
real life I said so about cocker spaniel
tonight because I just talk like that
and then he made a shirt with cocker
spaniels on ice you may they just like
well done dude this is amazing
say alright dude is I got new shoes we
got the Essex L slim mids um Kelly Hart
Don Brown thank you guys I have I like
the excel Slim's but they're a little
more ankle support on these so let's see
how this skateboard
Wow stopped on that you yeah well you
did a trick though oh you're a twirly
guy Craig Craig Craig Wow totally
switched the ground is really light and
the top is dark is really hard to fill
see that did you see it though it's
lucky
alex is defeated what's new I'm defeated
most the time too so I feel the guy on
the grounds right there sorrow are you
to come with us the next pot or you
going to go home am I gonna sleep
how FAR's it's fine it's proud like 15
like on Hill is going I'm doing that so
we're going to go get some drinks to the
gas station and then I'm hopefully not
gonna get stung by a bee and then we're
gonna go to the skate spot so uh
hopefully this works work my skateboard
I think there's a Speedway right over
here dude this win is yeah nuts
hopefully doesn't ruin the skate day
checking the for dad check that forecast
we're getting refreshments okay so I got
beef jerky cuz I'm starving
this is hot beef jerky and b-team is
telling me that he's a dude that's do be
hot and they're gonna burn your mouth
and I'm betting that it won't because I
eat house of all time and things usually
aren't hot enough for me so far there's
literally no heat this one has some more
like flavorful spice thingies on it I'll
take this bike this was nothing I mean I
can taste those hot but it's not that
spicy let's get the most pies here those
little flavor specks where where it's at
but no it's not that it's on I mean I
can taste heat but it's it's not that
it's not burning anything I tell you I
give you I can't talk I just cannot talk
it started raining out of Augustan see
this it started raining this sucks
welcome to Cincinnati so I have no idea
what we do now
holler bummer that was a bummer you know
that you would have hit like at least
two tricks on the gap right yeah I
would've tried it you'd have done it you
think and then when we go back there to
do it we'll get kicked out me there
something that sucks so I'm gonna go
home I'll give this video I'll play with
riding or something but uh that sucks
this gate to work out this gate day got
cut short so I'm trying to say
can't a skate door hey Alex Hey goodbye
goodbye thanks this oh yeah
okay so I got home and this guy right
here was taking an the app so I showered
up and now we are gonna go not bang on
doors we're gonna go get a smoothie to
split um buddy hey dude dude don't hang
on the doorknob okay no no seriously
yeah but you were gonna get the smoothie
that we're gonna go play at a park
that's the plan I rifle enough after
everyone stop skating the Sun came out
and it's completely dry outside so that
is how life works good put them on good
it Earl
Bob yes you are let's go
you want my tea how would I Drive you
had the keys I skateboarded and then it
started raining up we parked directly
under the Smoothie King sign ridin Wow
are you ready to go in well clearly
you're getting yourself out we got it
smoothie successful now we're gonna go
to the playground this police officer
let uh some geese cross the road right
she was hit a kind heart we are here at
the playground giant what I filmed it
last time you did remember um but with
me topics I wouldn't be there would be
with bagel wait are you telling me your
grandpa climbed one of these yeah he was
on top and then he did it that's amazing
I'm just imagining my father-in-law
climbing one of these hey put your face
in this bubble buddy we don't come here
a lot but every time we do I always take
a picture of his face in that bubble
yeah let's do it
you're cute buddy do the gap Joan from
here to here I got an angle
oh wow you made it bigger good job your
fault ridin you are falling you fell
funny thing is that this is the actual
elementary school that I went to growing
up this is like my old neighborhood and
yeah right and I still come here one
small playground I got made fun of right
over at this table at the end of this
lot for being short and my pants it was
like not fitting although they
completely fit maybe he was just trying
to pull out an insult out of the year
alone just weird you should go to school
when he was a little bit older than you
and how funny when I was six I think I
started going here later on in life I
think who did that rail like the bottom
one and all it out and radon's climbing
on top of the rail hey cliff cliff
hanger buddy pretty I will pass just be
careful okay I mean I can do it the same
way you did it I'm joking oh oh it's
awesome right and this thing is awesome
you shouldn't you should totally do it
here and then jump down I'm too tall for
the playground watch this I know I'm
just kidding I didn't hit my head
alright guys that is it that was a my
Sunday afternoon and we're gonna go home
where to eat dinner and we're gonna
watch to the turtles too aren't we war
yeah it's not so I play on think you're
hanging out I do daily videos here so um
hit the subscribe button if you want to
see more from me but I'll see you guys
tomorrow
say bye high five the Cambrian high five
right there oh did I hurt your hand
you don't even hit the hit that yeah see
I might hit my hand stuff ah and I get
tickled I
is that a Harry Potter wand a lightsaber
you just bye guys
look at this I really want to build a
flat bar like that that'll be so fun the
Sun is my eyes I can't control my facial
expressions right now
you
