Brown are you ready do a video maybe
we're gonna go to the rocks do it give a
hand the first have some pie Wow you
know what I thought it was gonna hit my
TV really you want a hacky sack it know
I don't know be fun dude know what a
hacky sack and cherry pie the last six
days I the first thing I do wake up is
that exercise a run so a lot of times
I'm working like that that's to explain
why I look like this today I'm not in my
skateboarding gear but this is just a
talking video we're gonna ask Brian
Eames his top five favorite escape
memories and maybe I'm gonna do this
with other people on the team I don't
know I maybe I'll do me next
I'm not sure but hopefully you guys dig
this let's go let's go have a video it's
a beautiful day
just stupid shoes you wear yeah wonder
when you run it works okay gives me
sprawling sprawling what a dumb word
reminds me what what feel okayish
Craig's just been trailing behind us
like 15 feet behind us absolutely not
important to this video aside from being
our friend which makes him important
he's just here to hang out that's what
that offensive that was nice what a good
way to put it okay I guess I didn't have
to say it wasn't important he's
important this video would be nothing
without Craig dude dude dude no not a
few questions actually this is a new set
of videos that I might be doing top 5
favorite skate memories ok memories like
the best moments in the skateboarding
world that in your life my life yeah I
remember we were at my parents at one
right yeah we were my parents house and
this back when you actually had to like
order skate videos and we're all skating
in my house and sorry came in the mail
and we're really excited about I quit my
job that day to watch it I remember that
actually yeah it's like a bunch of us we
watched it on VHS my first baseman's me
to order it yeah well you had you can
order that was the best way to do it but
you got lucky with skate shop sometimes
but they never had it as soon as you
could get it you know yep it took a
while this was this wasn't like 30 years
ago or anything this was like like 15
years ago it was good videos yeah okay
so watching sorry
watching sorry for the first time on VHS
in my parents house skate memory one
number two let's hear every skate trip
we took to California when we were kids
like we really they got one that like
sticks out I mean they all kind of know
other together we went on like three
three of them or something like that we
filmed it like Corona Park thinking that
that's how you art and a skate park yeah
an outdoor crappy we used to take the
bus
korone all the time yes we did you know
what I think about that stuff now and
I'm like we did a lot of stuff when we
were like 16 and I'd be like that wasn't
confusing like I figured that all out I
did this finally you got to get busted
downtown LA just Joe and I when I was 15
from Riverside from Riverside two-hour
drive yeah and then like we got it put
us home in the worst part of town we got
out we skated around downtown got back
and got back to Riverside like we didn't
screw it up we didn't get killed or we
did get offered drugs immediately at the
moment we walked out into LA guy was
like hey I want to sell you drugs and I
was like no freaking McGruff the dog was
back there rocking and he got arrested
moments later about the dog the dog yeah
why not so yes every California trip we
took his kids good good time there were
good times it's really hard to come over
five random like good memories is it
hard to talk or what my legs are just
sitting here like this yes they are the
third one is another lump sum memory but
it's everything we did is the beach my
mob the beam up days beach front mob
yeah if you guys don't know so what
happened how about you I tell story this
is your video so it's I don't even know
how are ya the beginning it was not me
but it's basically our little skate crew
when we were we were kids we came out
with the first babies turn lane and then
remain silent beam up three it's been it
was good it was a it was like the best
way we could have grown up pretty much
exactly what we're doing right now yeah
forever it was uh we started skating and
we actually we sorta skate videos they
were really popular I'm not trying to
say like popular now I'm not trying to
say that but we like we sold out the for
winter school with our book bags of VHS
tapes and the DVDs were definitely
albeit diamond but it is just it was too
expensive to make DVDs at home well not
many people had DVD players yet - so and
we just sold out we always sold out of
like a hundred copies day one just
that's just in high school and uh we
made skateboards made clothes and then
people started growing up and getting
out of it but we did one more video like
in college people on three it was it was
fun good memory for uh somebody's
calling my pocket I'm ignoring them
they're not calling Amaka they're
calling you call my they're calling me
in my pocket um I lives in New York City
in 2008 with my good buddy Brian Gibson
who I went to college with it is your
face super is it's like just a black
face the whole time I think it's a
little bit I think it's just the way
that you're looking at screen play a
shadowy what
so I lives in New York City Oh doing
this internship after college for a
summer and we I lived there for seven
months and we would just go skate every
fricking chance we could on the weekends
we just took the train into Manhattan
and we would skate up and down the city
we made a video called don't block the
box because is it online it's online
it's on it's on Vimeo actually you can
find it on vein course it is you can
find it on Vimeo it exists
don't block the box check it out in
rules it's like this little skateboard
video we made but we named it because
when you go through the Lincoln Tunnel
and going into New York City if you get
to give you if you're if you call it an
intersection you block the box which is
like the where people cross the street
right there yeah it's like two points in
your license and like a thousand dollar
fine and like I drove New York City by
myself in the second that I moved into
this that I got through the Lincoln
Tunnel the very first intersection that
I got to I blocked the box and people
are so mad it's like one of those crazy
huge New York intersections you're like
smacking their hands in my car it became
like an ongoing joke the whole time I
lived there and that's what name the
video Wow
but you screwed up right it worked out
of fine I didn't get like I did not but
my pocket is blowing up over here no no
just the - just the - the last memory of
Brian Eames brain skateboarding fifth
memory I don't remember my first ollie
per se
I don't remember my first kickflip per
se but I absolutely 140 lip it heel
flips so random but it would be the
hardest thing in the world like you do
it like I think a lot of the land of
their first flip trick this way like in
your parent's garage in between their
two cars when it's parked in our stead
like a metal pole in the middle so it's
like not only is everything in between
cars but it's also sectioned off in half
so you've got like this way it was
gnarly but I did a heel flip and even
like crouching you printed when I hit
your face like on a car sitting next to
you or something like that but yeah I
did like the crappiest heelflip effort
but I'll remember to make you feel great
made me feel good fit yeah some Teddy
Grahams afterwards put on some pizza ate
it realized that was a bad decision it
was good yeah that's it
five memories with bright names of you
guys like this I leave a comment give a
thumbs up whatever let us know and I'll
do me cuz I like as I was doing this
brown oh man I have all these so he'll
hold the camera I'll do it but I do do
my videos so hit the subscribe button if
you want to see more and I will see you
guys tomorrow
and Brian your hat is in for it no this
is how did that stay in your hand ha
get away from you whatever
how do you feel about that Craig close
but no cigar have you kicked a t-rex
lately tried what do you feel bad though
that's a good question though because if
like I like I don't want to kick animals
but I feel like a t-rex like it wouldn't
even pay them no it's like a horse but
like a thousand times stronger yeah I
mean and everyone kicks horses let's
face it if you're a jockey
