YouTube what's up guys it is vlogger so
23 I think we're on it's riding a night
today and I was like I'm gonna make a
video of us so it's rainy I don't really
know what's going on and we're going to
shred quarters and I know we got some
toy stuff happening at the house hang
out with me with us hang out with us um
the first thing I'm doing is literally
the last thing you probably would think
I'm doing I'm going to my mom's house to
install an air conditioning an air
conditioning unit I probably won't film
that because my mom's like doesn't want
YouTube interface what's up buddy Ryan's
going to play with this Cup
so after that we're gonna head straight
quarters where I have a really cool
package waiting for me it's awesome
right in my car is messy I need to clean
it out and you have my smoothie thank
you
salad fun cheering it it is totally fun
sharing smoothies buddy I love you
alright
air conditioning time yeah air hug air
hug back that was a fiasco I thought
that was going to take me ten minutes
and it took me like an hour and we
didn't even get it done because the
window was too small so now I got to go
back tomorrow and get a new air
conditioning unit and put it in there so
my heavy lifting days continue those are
your so heavy if you have never had to
move or install an air conditioning
window unit you're a very lucky person
but now to shred course
a bunch over here dad because everyone
wants a part closer to the door
are we in Shrek where's my Brian buddy
all right Brian comes to town ridin do
you want to say the camera yeah the time
has come just makes me very happy
it makes a lot of people ever happy
maybe fix the angle this generator
pretty much is your gender they call a
generator oh do they yeah I mean well I
call it a power supply guess but I dog
called it a generator it's really like a
skateboarding youtuber like me his best
friend let's open it up
oh it also like the most boring thing
riding good number you help your help
you know get it I don't want to get it
welcome guys your Ewell's oh all right
riding read the Welcome guide and we'll
figure this out oh are you mad at this
is mine not yours it's mine
it is my that's halfway my nostril
this thing can you go anywhere that you
would take it I guess it has an AC like
a wall plug this is the best thing ever
and it has very fast USB charging things
it has a car charger and then it has a
DC input which I don't have anything
that uses that but it might be my
emigres charge it we're learning here
people so this is neat this is an anchor
power house anchor hopes we have with a
bunch of tech and gadgets it has 27
hours of battery yes are you kidding me
this can charge anything like you can
run your laptop off this this is the
greatest in the world though the only I
moan about is that I'm not going to want
to put in my suitcase but I know I feel
like it's worth it it was like I'm say 7
7 pounds but like on the go like at
skate spots and stuff this is gonna be
the greatest thing in the world uh gives
us the power lights at a spot yeah so at
night you can like connect up LED lights
that are super bright and then you have
the whole spotlit up for a long time
play mazing very much anchor oh I'm
excited handle this is going in my car
and stink
going in my cards just staying in it
he's an idiot uh he's a he's a bad bed
I'm not going to use the welcome good
pretty cool it's amazing yeah you don't
like it how do you not like this ride so
thank you very much anchor you
guys are the best shred quarters right
and scared white I told him somebody's
gonna ollie over his knee got old ski
Sam vessels here there's Thomas hi
Thomas what's up dudes
no he's gonna hate Sam will you ollie
over us he's super scared yeah also this
year's gonna get really low
please move my little baby all right
well that wasn't bad was it
you looked like you were scared
whoa that was really good
switch backside 5050 first try and I'm
pretty sure I got my hair in the clip
and I'm sorry I was really good
Oh
dude the fine Wow
he has even done a regular trick he's
goofy footed I don't know if he knows
that do you think Thomas doodle endless
he didn't he did not land it
oh that was perfect office I was perfect
thank you get another one is your wrist
ever gonna heal no it's like till
November this year are you kidding me
no cuz I tore the ligament so this head
took Lemonier to hit duct tape it back
together
Wow phenomena I hate what you do one
regular trick to prove that your action
goofy-footed
big spin front board the rail
I was amazing all right you guys killed
it later here's the mess that I have to
clean tomorrow morning ready you want to
clean my office tomorrow yes you can
oh yeah I basically just came here to
get that anger thing which I
successfully have Bryan Ames is crazy
we're gonna go to the toy store we're
looking for a table we're looking for
like a little play table to build a very
cool Lego set which we'll show you later
in the episode all right we're here I
don't think we're gonna go to Toys R Us
I think we're just gonna go home let's
just go home on a ship yeah do you think
I'm kidding riding or do you think we're
gonna do it
I am Kenny let's go inside I love you
I donno you can tell in this lighting
but it's really clean is it look good
riding No
yeah there's a little spot on it mm-hmm
I'm gonna hit my car are you kidding can
you see it yeah look at this
somebody hit my car here today uh we can
get it out but still jeez I don't know
who did it
that was weird was like I found that out
while I was filming for YouTube it's
someone hit my car
uh whatever it's just a car right I'm
not gonna buy a new one not because of
that to pick you up but that's it that's
the reason why I knew nothing about him
getting his play said so
apparently has the picture though so
we're he's getting it a red Yoshi ridin
and they got Falco I'm psyched that
Nintendo toys exist but I would have
really loved those when I was 14 years
old or 12 like um kind of like a shadow
of good I wanna be honest I'm not too
excited about the new Ghostbusters I'm
not gonna see it in theaters let's go
buddy we got to try to find a table I'm
sure they're not gonna have it because
that's how my life works well there is a
train table that's not what we're
looking for though is it and of course
they're a bunch of Disney branded tables
oh my gosh right and I think they have
it that white table was exactly this is
exactly what I want
how excited are you wow you're good
excited let's head home there's some
people actually work on the house so I
needed to get there probably before now
anyway but I'm sure they're still there
ride him come eat one and yogurt
what are you those are apple chips why
Michael try it
yeah dried apples mmm you like it
mmm but ghosts so yeah he's having a
little late lunch today we were running
around more than I thought we were going
to I'm snacking - I've been doing really
good on my diet I've been waking up at 7
a.m. doing 110 crunches 50 pushups
running a mile to a mile and a half
every morning else how I start my day
and then I've been really really good
about eating right so into this ratchet
this morning I've already worked at the
warehouse but then I had to come home at
around 11:00 to grab him our babysitter
doesn't start until next week so he's
been with me a lot which is hard to get
work done but it's awesome having dude
time right I feel like yeah you work
with me he does yeah actually funny huh
I'm gonna prove this right now here's my
bag that is massive we're gonna unzip it
and ride ins laptop right you do work on
this I told you but no I mean I snack
every three hours until after dinner I
don't eat but like during the day if
it's been three hours since I've eaten
which I had a smoothie for lunch today I
snack so I'm having apple chips and like
four pieces of watermelon they're
delicious - oh yeah eat it go home go
home huh okay so this is going to be my
office right now it is a bunch of random
junk not John it's cool stuff but it's
just it's super messy I gotta clean it
and straighten it up it's a lot of like
collectibles and just boxes I haven't
unpacked yes
and okay we cleared some room is
definitely does not look clean at all so
I'm gonna work that into my office I'm
gonna buy desk and shelves and a little
food tongs let you play some video games
if I ever get a life back I've been so
busy for so long but I'm gonna put this
table together and I pretty sure yeah I
did we already put a table together up
in ridings play room in a video so this
is not normal I don't put this many
tables together in life but uh let's do
this
don't roll into a Rollie pollie bug you
want to do the honors and flip that over
boom and this is where we're gonna do it
riding mega the Deathstar right here W a
time-lapse desktop video from us in the
future look out for it it might be a
while cuz it's gonna take a second to
put this together we will start very
soon though okay really uh maybe this
weekend I'm gonna call it quits with
this video I don't know this is a
shorter blog ascent or not but hope you
guys enjoyed it I'm sorry I didn't skate
I've been skating a lot lately and I was
gonna take the day off the day to go
easier on my body um that's it I hope
you guys enjoyed video I will see you
tomorrow I do daily videos and ridin
ridin you want to say goodbye goodbye
and um a ghost just moved that right I
have video proof
nope your mom's calling okay seriously
your mom is seriously calling
you
