what's up everybody my name is Lamont
Holt and today I'm going to teach you
how to get a bird for those who don't
know what a ghetto bird is it's a
hardflip in a back 180 at the same time
first thing you need to understand we're
learning any trick it's confidence I'm
not saying you need to have a hunch
percent confidence right when you're
doing the trick but you need to
understand confidence is something that
you build it's not something that you're
gonna have right away not for all people
it's something that comes as you're
learning the trick so don't get
discouraged as you're doing the trick
okay so let's break it down like I said
earlier a ghetto bird it's a hard flip
and a back 180 at the same time so what
you need to do is learn how to heart
flip and back 180 if you already don't
okay so once you have that down it's
time to learn the trick so when I
approach this trick I'm in a hardflip 4
position away already but my mindset is
knowing that I'm doing the back 180 the
shoulder above my flicking foot is to
show that that's directing the whole
trick so if you guys are goofy it'll be
your right shoulder you guys are regular
to be your left meaning most of my
balance is focused on that shoulder as
you bend down for the trick you want to
be aware on how you're bending down when
you're bending down you want to have the
right posture you don't to be too
forward or too bad you want to stay
right in the middle in the center that
will help your balance and help the
trick perfectly so when you pop your
board you want to scoop it towards where
your shoulder would be rotated and you
want to flick your board just like a
hard look so what I do is I focus on
landing the trick 90 degrees so I can
land a pivot art Reaper to complete the
rotation
now that's a speaker right there the
pivot and the Reapers what I used to do
is Ollie land on my front truck and do
the full backside 180 do that over and
over until is you remember we're
learning this trick I'm gonna have
confidence you're not gonna go in and
automatically get the trick just because
you believe you got to understand that
confidence is something that's built you
got to keep going and get going so you
get the confidence we're getting closer
and closer and closer be grateful for
each step you get to go out there with a
pen and a piece of papers and write down
every time you land and every day do
that and try to talk the last day all
right guys thanks for watching my little
quick tip on how to get a bird that's
just from my perspective it might be a
little different for you guys but thanks
for watching and thank you Andy for
letting me post this video I had my own
YouTube channel I post a lot of skits on
that you guys would like to subscribe to
that I think he'll put a link in the
description or click my face or whatever
he wants to do much love go out there
and learn that trick
