Alex what are you doing mini green stuff
yes you are what I'm doing is I'm doing
a strength test with a revive skateboard
so I'm gonna go get a bowling ball
you're gonna it will you put the other
new skateboard sure thank you you can
use chucks if you find like an old
complete let's just get Bryan instantly
yes get brow names complete I'm gonna go
get a bowling ball and we're gonna drop
it on the skateboard to see to prove how
strong Vic are Oh Casey I'm gonna go get
a bowling ball because we're gonna drop
it on a skateboard perfect from
different heights I think I think Oh
Bree you think it will of almond but
like off the I think the bowling ball
might break actually but we'll see
hopefully we don't break the ground yeah
I got this idea for this because we did
the stomp test where we were like legit
trying to stomp the morning it did not
break but I feel like a bowling ball
really proves this so I'm gonna go get
one hopefully give one to the thrift
store because new they're not cheap but
we'll see
we were here I feel like if I didn't
need a bowling ball they would have it
but since I need one the one time my
life that I've ever needed a bowling
ball aside from what I'm at the bowling
alley
they're not gonna happen let's go find
out they're not gonna like I don't want
them and nothing I didn't have it I'm
headed to Dick's now and they do have it
at least they better because I have to
find someone else other than a bowling
ball to use for this video there we are
ironically enough it says in huge
letters golf sale if I rolled up I
didn't hand bowling sale written well
first I would laugh but two I thought I
wouldn't believe it either way I was
getting a Girl Scout they better have a
bowling ball
the not bowling sale okay I forgot to
film inside that's because they didn't
have bowling balls I asked someone right
away and they're like now we only do
that online and I was like that would
suck to ship a bowling ball the heaviest
package ever or whatever I found
something just as cool so I'm not gonna
tell you I'm just gonna go back to Craig
whores and I'll show you guys and we
will do some board strength tests in
let's go
they didn't have a bowling ball
what they didn't yeah goodwill and dicks
didn't have one but I got a medicine
ball can I see it oh nice was it like 20
pounds more than a bowling ball I know
ha and I got a toy skateboard too in
this table are you long enough to get
here it was an adventure I see that but
they're having a golf sale at Dick's if
you want something a little slam ball
it's a medicine ball it's called slam 20
pounds oh dude slam and get it off okay
forget the skates not wrong I know I'm
saying rip the skates over it's just
plastic so you know it's a questionable
product when something comes with it
that prevents it from doing what you're
buying it for come to buy a skateboard
oh it has something to LA let me
skateboard on it we should just throw it
until it open okay do it throw it throw
in the air dude that's gonna break a
board that is gonna break a board gonna
bring an angle
yeah yep God don't throw it in me like
sand inside
yeah do you call it it 20 pounds how
does it feel the wheels on Solano will
slide
this is not skateboard skateboard from
the twister you win toy skateboard
didn't didn't last all right as you get
the revived skateboard we're going to
really tuck into this robot Jorge see
100% a North American hard rock maple
this is good quality wood and we're
gonna chuck this ball as hard as we can
at it and see if we can break the
skateboard everyone get to go back up
Ryan's back up bent go look for a second
I was like making a can't break this is
20 pounds oh it's so scary filming it
dude wow you got like this hooked oh and
your balance dude I think the board
touched the ground
mark not Lukumi alright Alex your turn
oh my gosh
oh all right let's go to the deck make
it a little bit taller and do it again
what are you adding like two and a half
feet to your throne don't hurt me
I think you're the best of this medicine
ball thing my turn hold this hold camera
the last step is the ladder let's get
stuck to carry that up the ladder I
could throw it off the ladder
oh that too yeah let's not get hurt this
board is ignoring that's crazy look all
right it's hard to throw it really all
right Bryan Ames give it it whoa
Alex oh don't kick it I like it Ryder I
literally just as like thought it was
gonna toss the Imagi turma ankle Wow
dude yeah you're just trying to attack
me all right
well the board survived Bryan Ames it
looks good from a bitch oh yeah it is a
little war so there you guys go that was
a one of the strength test I will do a
bowling ball so you'll get 1/3 strength
test video I want to say I'm sorry for
wasting the skateboarder from the toy
store I kind of have to do that to show
demonstration purposes that that thing
can definitely break a skateboard the
toy skateboarders not built that well
and the rob decks have always held up
for us so okay that demonstrated it well
we do have a bowling ball on the way so
stay tuned but just to show you that the
board is still good we're gonna do a few
tricks on it and then be done right
right names yes yeah hi
you always do that kind of working
together of a skateboard running the
Shred quarters calm or skate shops
throughout the world yeah and if your
scaler Sketchup isn't carried ask them
because tell them via email me support
yo scene he skated a 25 so he might suck
a little bit just a little bit by him he
might suck by a half-inch actually
hey man
Alex greeted people
it's all dude thanks
Wow Wow
I wasn't expecting you to land that yeah
brides trucks are no good the board is
fine but we might have messed up I think
so the way I landed that was way better
of a strength test Wow I don't wanna do
it again though I think we're done I
would feel bad about leaving you guys
with a sloppy trick but Brian's trucks
are pretty much a goner
he's probably needed new trucks before
this but the medicine ball did not help
but I hope you guys liked that video
thank you to Alex for filming his
channel is write down the info and then
I take us we'll see you tomorrow I do
the other videos so hold up yeah just
check your back I'm set oh wow
said hello at the goodbye
for a bonus clip you want to see if we
can stomp that the nose and tail of this
hooah
well it did break is your ankle okay
that was weird
good oh my God look at that yeah
