and action hi Annie hi dude do I get hit
in the face with skateboard that's what
about that's exactly why I'm not gonna
do it okay
it is contest time guys for you be
contests as it gets contact you related
to test Bo it's a contest where we're
giving away prizes at the end of so
we're giving you a chance to win some
really cool stuff with the skater app
okay that link right there that will
take you to be able to download the
skater app on your phone
iOS or Android it's a really really fun
game and you use it for your fingers to
do skateboarding tricks it's really cool
you probably see it on my channel on our
instagrams by now but if you have that
and you should you can enter this
contest so you're gonna do your most
ridiculous trick and I want to see like
quadruple 720 flips down big gaps I like
just do the weirdest stuff in the world
and then you can upload from your phone
right to instagram okay and you're going
to use the hashtag no way the skater
have no way skater app just when you
post it make sure that hashtag is in the
info and you're entered to win if you
are younger than 18 make sure your
parents know you're entering this and
then you win any word in
all right this would be a really fun
contest and I'm actually gonna do a
video of ridiculous ones that I've done
myself in the future but either way what
you're gonna win is what this more
gravity skated in the promo videos we
did to speed around yeah dog skated and
it's the actual setup that's in the game
too so one of it there's the good life
but in the cat life board and then this
red broken deck right now but you could
win the actual board we use as a model
for the game and the true the board we
did tricks on for the promos that's the
grand prize every winner gets one of
these lanyards which they're coming out
in later this month with the summer
release so you'll be the first person to
get one of these when a second press get
a second and third prize we get a
skateboard of their choice from the
Shred quarters calm and a lanyard is
well I think I covered everything great
skater app is gonna toss some stuff into
for each prize winner they don't know
exactly what it's gonna be a so
everybody's going to get three free
downloads of the game as a as a reward
or I'm going to win and yeah they're
either gonna be tossing in some goodies
from some different companies or maybe
some gift cards so bonus stuff pretty
much from the skater app and their
associated people I guess but I'm
excited I hope you guys have fun with
this this is a really fun contest
because it's really fun to try to really
ridiculous tricks because the game is so
realistic and most of the time that is
it's not that easy so have fun with it
find a ramp in the lawn shop that it'll
be fun to see how long that next week we
will pick winners next week next Friday
we're gonna be part of seven full days
you're confused by this go down the info
all that's there
press the record button hell
