Wow that did not look like it that did
that that did look like it hurt we gotta
confess I gotta get something off my
chest for me I had no idea that he fell
at first like I was filming and Craig
fell and I was like okay he caught
himself and I was like oh wait no he did
he didn't catch the stuff at all that
that was actually horrible if you look
at the footage Craig's foot kinda gets
to the ground first and then all of a
sudden it just doesn't it's just not
there like a day he tried to have the
foot do its job but it didn't it did not
do his job at all and it basically just
let Craig's but fall to the earth and
with that thing his and that with the
fisheye pointing down it's not a good
representation of how tall this is like
this thing is probably around five feet
tall it's a it's a good size loading gun
and that hurts to fall five feet onto
your butt I mean it hurts to fall one
foot under your butt I mean like imagine
yourself a foot off the ground and the
butt hits the ground on your Lee how
that hurt okay imagine five feet that's
five but worth of pain right there okay
let's just let's just take a second and
have a moment for all the butts that
have been this is getting real weird
let's have a moment of silence for butts
but I think the reason why I didn't
think that he actually slammed and
didn't look that bad at first is because
it is so tall and he could no no no no
no no no no but I think the reason where
I didn't think that he actually slammed
hard is because Craig is so tall himself
I mean this is a video of just haul
things apparently I mean Craig is up a
huge dude he's like 610 or something
okay that as many inches taller than me
like when I hang out with him I'm on but
looking up here
okay Craig's head's although he's just
up there and honestly I kind of feel bad
that he's dead that tall I mean I know
the girls dig it right that's like
that's what a girl wants but for skating
it makes everything look smaller I mean
like some huh but might be crazy looking
and then when Craig gets off on it just
looks kind of like a smaller spot but
it's not Craig's just a freaking giant
same with this ball it didn't look his
pad but if I would have fallen down it
you'd be holding your fans or Mike over
your face okay it's been a hand phaser
but a hand phaser
I mean but there are definitely pros
being tall you know Craig
jump up and kick a t-rex in the face
probably so it equals out so no I don't
feel bad for you Craig you're tall and
that rules don't kick a t-rex though I
mean well I don't know you know what I
like t-rex is but I feel like it
wouldn't matter if I kick her on the
face
I wouldn't feel that bad because he
could just kill me you probably would
this is a pretty good golf ball he did
take it like a champ though okay I mean
like he kind of sat there he had his
moment your hair's a little like no way
that he made when he fell and you just
sat there collected his butt pain or
whatever was happening then he got up
and he just walked back just to try it
again
it's like he's a terminator craig is the
terminator Wow okay apparently I just
did the same thing always but yeah Craig
went back and he tried it a couple more
times he landed like three tries later
he did another trick that session to
this was from like a vlog Assad a couple
weeks back or something so uh here is
Craig doing some skateboarding he films
me a lot but he's also a really really
good skateboarder and he's a genuine
awesome dude so here's the footage of
him landing tricks and keeping his butt
where it belongs above the board so I've
talked about Craig's but way too much in
in putts in general way too much in this
video here's Craig skateboard
Wow
here you guys go I hope you like that if
you want to see more from Craig he does
videos for dementia skateshop he's he's
part of the demented family here in
Cincinnati and a YouTube channel so
right down there and check the channel
out for sure I hope you dug this this is
fall Friday I do these every two weeks
usually and I already have another one
so I'll definitely back in two weeks I
do have a fall montage coming up though
so look out for that but yeah I do
videos here every day also so if you
liked what you saw hit the subscribe
button no one is in the warehouse for me
to put on the hot spot today so I'm just
gonna go into a best-of hot spot
question-and-answer things and they're
interesting they're always interesting
if you don't I'm not gonna say it I'm
not gonna say smart people out there and
know what's going on but uh I sound
crazy here's the piers the end watch
this what would you do if you found a
lost puppy
try to kick it away if you were to kiss
a girl would you do it gosh I don't know
how you feeling oh good Brian if you
found yourself cold naked and afraid' on
the street at night what's the first
thing that you want to do like Johnny in
a game of skate okay
well said it twice here's a two simple
question Brian come on look at me look
at me right now how many bottles of
mayonnaise would you eat for $10 so wait
for that that's it for definitely four
okay get out of here
okay but Kraig rules is what I'm really
trying to say okay he's an awesome dude
he's he's in my heart this is just my
shirt but you know
