YouTube what's up guys so you have been
asking for you fingerboard videos so I'm
doing one have it right here here's was
a revive fingerboard that I used in the
last one are you throwing something at
me but it a little different I do
actually I do have like some new tech
tech fingerboard set but I figured to
make this a little different I'm gonna
do a little bit of Street fingerboarding
and ninja literally found a spot for me
you found like a launch ramp where is it
he wanted fingerboard spots I know all
about it
wow you really meant Street it's
literally on the street
it's the curb that is awesome dude I
don't know how excited I'm I should be
about this but that looks really fun
this is also embarrassing right here oh
did you get that
yes back and move the skate spot if I
want to Daddy
this is actually hard why they call it
street slinging finger Street is harder
oh that could be great ninja you see
that very heel oh my gosh that was mine
doesn't trigger this bottom
that was a super sloppy landing but I'm
taking it I'm taking that all right we
got there this kickflip man hey flip oh
did not flip Airwalk white watch this
here a foot that was a really good
friend shove it it was do it everything
that I'm not meaning to alright laser
flip it
really I cleaned it up oh there it is
Lex Luthor
great okay I'll take it it's just easier
to varial heelflip off let me see let me
try it laser flip I've never done one of
those Oh
so I needed I needed her to be psyched
on me that was a 540 big hill real
reason it comes to Vegas yeah double
look how it rolled away look at that oh
my gosh that was almost it
I'm not lying like a street figure
boarding is way more fun buying a lot of
stuff though you see it I had an extra
third leg it came down for a second but
I think that was it I landed a laser
flip off this did you roll your ankle no
but I third leg came down and touched
the board that Jenna will adore that
they're like yeah look I got four I just
say flip perfect save look bro a baby
broom get your skate spot good that guy
do the rail flip oh that all right I
enjoyed that more than I should have
probably that was really fun but I'm
gonna continue this and we're gonna go
to one more spot and then I'm going to
test out the tech deck ramp thing that I
picked up it's a fun really fun part of
my job it has my company on it so it's
like I get to promote it's fun you know
add to promote my company through toys
all right we're out of handrail this is
your first handrail you ever did little
Forster
that is a good first Braille perfect new
basic dignity the ground this feels
super good I died go straight for a
better trip it's impossible
oh did it no scratch the handrail
noseriding shove it 500 the handrail
he thought we were warming ups to
skateboard my fingerboarding yeah that
happened and then he told us about a
skate spot he was really super-nice it's
nice to meet I thought you have footage
of it we do yeah they saw it it's in
there if I were to say like it's nice to
meet people that like aren't mean like
yesterday kids wrote poop on my
skateboard man that guy was like the
opposite of the poop kids I won't say
the opposite all right so here yes I
really probably should just stuck the
street for this video but I'm gonna test
this out real fast just do a few tricks
on it yeah it's really cool it was like
10 bucks and it looks like just a really
basic set although the rail feels got oh
the rail feels like it could be stronger
but I'm sure it'll work when I get
snapped in boom look at this
I immediately build it look like a dummy
snap that in there snap this in there
super easy to set up so you just use
these things to connect it and you can
can I think kinda however you want so if
you're left-handed or right-handed you
can ski - either way so that's pretty
cool all right so it's got these grooves
you slide it in there and then you slide
it in this to do the same thing over
here there we go
stop Daniel you launch off this one into
the rail where is my actual finger most
of my pocket art Dan they used to make
these with metal that's a bummer that
don't anymore but we're gonna there was
I'm gonna smooth it up it was like it
was weird I got a little like that way
yeah it's got a weird you geez what's
right nollie bigspin lipslide oh boy
come on
oh there it was oh my gosh oh my gosh
I'm sure I've done this I don't remember
I've done so many fingerboarding tricks
my life that was it that felt cool last
trick knows right now if I wanna go far
oh there was that's really hard oh that
was it Wow
I surprised myself right there well
there you guys go
this is pretty cool I really wish the
rail was actual metal though it works
fine I could just see it it's kind of
like bends a little bit I could just see
if you like smashed it wrong and I think
I'd like it wouldn't be as durable but
it's cool it's really cheap set so I
can't complain too much and I like the
stairs there's a bank version of this
too but I prefer stairs really had fun
on the streets doing that stuff if you
like the whole street fingerboarding
thing let me know and I will go make
myself look really weird it was fun it
really was fun
and it is rad like I said this earlier
like it's so cool that one
my company is on a fingerboard like a
Tech Deck that just boggles my brain
this is so awesome and the fact that I
get to like do this as far as part of my
job is really neat because I enjoy it
you know it's excused to feel like a kid
again and play with these so uh there
you guys go I hope you like that for
everyone commenting you need to get a
real fingerboard I prefer I honestly I
have videos with the with a nice like
100 dollar tech decks and stuff some
companies send it to me and it was
really cool but I just
I still watch his preferred tech tech I
honestly do I love how they feel I've
tried the other stuff with the foam grip
tape and everything and I just this is
what I prefer
I promise guys it's chief do it's like
they're like three bucks at the store it
is awesome and I'm still waiting for
these to actually hit shelves I did a
video on it because tech tech said these
were out last month but I still had seen
it so as soon as I actually see these on
store shelves I'll let you guys know but
it should be any day now but yeah I'll
probably like a vlogger so it's
something freaking out that I actually
found in stores but I hope you guys I
hope you guys enjoyed this video thank
you for watching I do videos here all
the time so I will see you tomorrow I'm
sure I think I got like a I think it's
throwback Monday tomorrow so it'll be
it'll be a good one
but uh you guys can go out and
skateboard do it I'm about to go over
there and film some videos with danger
hero and ninja so that'll be fun
I forgot to say if you guys want to see
more videos from me hit the subscribe
button right down below it is free easy
and you're signed up you just click it
and that would rock but right now I'm
gonna I'm gonna make a video with that
guy which comes out in a predator
probably in about a week and my board
still says thanks kids
- real quick we this Oh bonus trick that
was a bonus Drake
