what in the world are you doing dude
Brian I'm doing where else Wednesday
could you just not bug me for five
seconds calm down dude
warehouse Wednesday hey Brian hey how's
it going yeah who is it today it is me
it is you how you doing today I'm doing
okay you're doing okay
it is a very okay day salt okay we got
to pop around but your radio level is
really out of my face with the humidity
level Craig ridiculous it is hot today I
know we're doing but I don't know what
the with the prizes and the punishments
are okay well what are you doing is what
are you doing I'm hopefully going to do
a 545 on this freaking Cruiser finally
maybe we'll see it kind of looked
earlier how long would you just keep
talking if I if I let you go three or
four minutes probably all right Brad
syntax Brian you got its Redemption 540
flip will give you the ten minutes that
will give you last time you have ten
minutes let a 540 flip you have to warm
up with a handstand and a fan five
jumping jacks no yeah that's bliss then
you lose right now okay if you don't
know no you don't even even even even
believe it yeah
you haven't even found out what's gonna
happen you okay what do you hold it very
dear to your heart I got on my car that
little bear on your desk no I'm not
gonna break it don't worry you're going
to break it if you do not land it you're
going to break it all so you have to
take a shot of hot sauce oh yeah I shot
a hot sauce and you've just smashed your
bear like mobile panda by waving panda
bear no no no the bear the bear that I
would place on your desk that's what you
visit your challenge Brian I really want
to land this now yeah well I don't think
you're going to honestly every time we
put you on this pot you don't do it well
there's a stick he said stick I did the
triple book that's good okay one and of
what 4chan challenges green for the Ahly
the 540 flip uh you just
maybe that's it I'm not sure I really
want to see a hand standing I mean I
want to get your legs in the air there
we go that was kind of it oh the
handstand oh that was amazing seeing you
upside down all right
that was enjoyable - all right wait wait
wait wait don't get any bonus that was
not part of the deal you're doing a 540
foot oh nothing you know I don't get
don't get rewards this cool I think the
one people that don't get rewards what
have I ever gotten anything where's your
soul gone I think go through the door
take a right ten minutes can you see
that ten minutes
I was a good first try oh look it's an
ad I was gonna do that I finally got to
throw it oh my gosh Brian do you know
how to Spearfish that was close dude I
called up Hollywood they had nothing to
say about you
seven minutes and forty seconds left six
minutes left
oh my gosh have you ever listened to the
police
Oh Mike right name's Brian I think
you're gonna not be a failure I really
want you to break that bear oh my gosh
Craig I think this is the day for Brian
Eames yeah you see how proud he looked
pretty stuck at the first Sun it was so
proud Wow what happened like what it
you're like a new dude okay
you know girls always say guys can't
change our names Brian Eames is proof
that they can you got four minutes of 15
seconds if you could paint your anger
what would you paint right now
a rhinoceros it'll be like a vibrant
pink
you I think I think you literally hit me
like this like a kick like a kick go 2
minutes and 15 seconds for our names
harness the energy why is my light on my
phone are you fatigued and tired one
minute 15 seconds oh my sting operation
30 seconds
one more Drive ride names oh wow that
was like 2 feet in the air
it would okay I love you guys can hear
that but it does say time or done so the
Redeem videos will just keep going both
it's gonna be like Brian tries to do a
540 point 16 but imagine how people how
excited we're gonna be when you actually
do it okay before we destroy your life
will you drop in on the bank I think you
said you could with the office chair
whose goodie is that
you're gonna die Brian if I told you
land it Oh house pretty good do you use
your feet to fences yeah he touched
I'm gonna go get the hot sauce hold on
and I say when you say when yeah
that's the dumbest way could've ever
poured come on dude come on watch me
what why are you already doing that why
here maybe puke dude it's just hot sauce
he's delicious
that's not as much at all it's not that
much it is green why it's hot sauce have
the hammer let's go over here with the
hot sauce it does taste good so what
you're gonna do is you're gonna down
this you're gonna down it real fast all
in one and while you're swallowing that
you got to break the bear ready no you
know what hammer in hand be ready
oh man that was such a sad moment that
was this that was so sad dude I really
missed the poor bear now he's been
staring at her like three months man I
miss him too well next time you get a
chance to redeem yourself one more time
in the 540 flip but the punishment will
be Cod as horrible it will be keying
your car No
another thing I want to remind you guys
that revive is partnered with the skater
app which is a really cool video game on
iOS and Android the link is right here
if you just click it you can go download
it for your phone is $5 it's super fun
I've been playing it for weeks now and I
still play it so check it out for sure
we're in it you to our dextran and along
with horse wheels am grip which is
really cool it is a dream come true
click that goodbye
