right and why is there a huge amount of
pillows like why are all the pills in
one space oh my little melon
make up your watch ah oh my gosh oh my
gosh
back away back away monster oh it's
right in you just did a rock oh whatever
rare footage right there guys let the
comments begin Sam pulling up the
barcode right now that's because he left
his skateboard at Starbucks how do you
even have your skateboard it out of your
I shall leave this yeah why did these
car I don't know it's just a beauty in
the beautiful moment thanks for watching
yeah what do you want to say to stay on
paper while you're getting your
skateboard room to touch Starbucks will
you give me a cup of coffee buddy I need
to send it I'll send it servo or like
maybe like just pour half of it out
somewhere else you know just pour some
of it on this floor kind of a let's do
it calls go Phil just I mean get a live
life huh I've been wanting to smash on
this floor for so long but I need a
brownie to bring to so I can make it for
it yeah why don't you think of that now
it's just me right
I just want to punch it
I'm pretty good
I'm so glad that I don't have to clean
it up on your door dude I was gonna
smash your cool you're still here
obviously it's my coffee and I'm jealous
of that you guys thought that I loved my
skateboard at Starbucks that's what I
thought I left my phone at Starbucks
that's even worse because ty was like ty
was like what would you get your skin
you got boxed hard to show me very panic
fat Oh would you want me to go away for
a little longer
I can't I get sit over there wait for
you and me help he hasn't who you want
to get back in I was closing yourself on
the box already get in that's food
through the monkey all right well this
box needs to go in the corner for now
it's in storage Jail are you all right
all right you want to see that shot
right it you okay I'm bringing in the
camera buddy
I'm sorry but here we find two males
playing Mario Kart
I love you are you raising a bath yeah
okay alright right here we got some
stuff oh okay so recently we received a
couple gifts from from you guys kinda
it's specifically from Shane and Tracy
made you this shirt open it up and show
this everybody
show us go eat some nachos do you
remember saying that in the video yeah
and connect em Billy cannot choose alpha
notches that is amazing you want to say
thank you Shane and Tracy thank you seen
in everything it was very nice it wasn't
it mm-hmm this is from Lionel from
Argentina you sent you that a new finger
board
okay the wheel I know how to be fun
won't it what do you have to say to
Lionel thank you does that mean a lot I
just want to thank everyone that sends
stuff we've gotten so many things that
it'd be impossible to just feature
everything in videos but I just want to
say from the bottom of our hearts thank
you I do have a stack of things that I
need to get through and we try to write
thank-yous and send out stuff in return
we do our best so bear with us but uh
that's pretty awesome isn't it why
you're already opening do a trick for
Lionel front blunt Oh to 5050 to 502
huge drop
I have a perfect you do have a book you
have a book okay it dinosaurs it's done
source all right Wow I find the camera
missed
you
