YouTube what's up guys that's too far
that's too far dude here cut it you zoom
what's up guys I'm here to help some
beginner moves okay if you guys are
looking to learn some some tricks to
learn when you're starting off
skateboarding I'm gonna try to help you
out with that I'm not gonna tell you how
to polish I'm gonna assume you could
push already I'm gonna show you some
really basic stuff that maybe will make
you think that you're learning stuff
what you not think make you feel that
you're actually learning stuff because
skating is tough and feeling progression
as you go helps and it goes a long way
okay because skating is one of the
hardest things to kind of tackle and
start skating people watch skate videos
and think I want to do a handrail well
newsflash it's not easy to a handrail
jump sound gaps it's a big learning
curve so here's some tricks to help you
out at the very beginning some tips some
tips on tricks to help you out of the
very beginning I could go into full-on
descriptions on how to do these tricks
I'm going to tell you what the tricks
are I'm going to give you a quick
overview of them and then I'm going to
let you work on them if you really need
help with them search YouTube how to do
the specific trick there's a lot of
great videos out there Braille
themselves I've covered everything and
anything so definitely check them out
but first thing is the ollie and I know
everyone's starting out is like what are
you talking about it's not easy to ollie
and it's not but getting the basic
motion down of actually snapping your
tail and like trying to ollie is
important so even if you're not getting
off the ground just the basic like like
that will go a long way and will help
with the other tricks I'm about to show
you so if you're not olling eight inches
off the ground don't worry but one of
the best things you can learn to start
skating is the basic snap okay because
this will make a lot more sense when I
go on to the next trick to the basics of
the ollie is you're gonna steps your
tail down slide your foot up and jump in
the air all at the same time it usually
takes a long time to get to get the hang
of that some people get it fast
some people take months and that's okay
but if you're if you can just pop your
tail on the ground you can start rolling
off curbs
you can start doing a lot of basic
movements that are going to help you
with skateboarding in general so again
the basics is all you're gonna tap your
tail slide your foot up and jump up okay
and it looks like this practice that if
you don't get a hang of it don't stress
try the next four tricks I'm talking
about but definitely try that and I know
that's gonna seem not easy but the basic
of just the motion that's the easy part
I'm talking about learn that okay it'll
make everything a skateboarding way
easier the second one I'm gonna tell you
about is the pop shuvit okay a lot of
people
learn this first it's one of those
things where if you have the basic pop
of the tail down you can try it some
people kind of just throw it anyway
without popping it but if you pop the
tail even just a little bit even if you
don't get in the ground your board can
do a pop shove-its pretty good watch I
did an ollie there but it looked like a
completely legit pop shop so what you're
going to do and like I said this videos
in detail on how to do this on YouTube
but you're basically just gonna just
don't even overthink it just you're
gonna tap the tail down and throw it
okay with your back foot alright you're
just going to shove it behind you that's
why it's called a shove it you're just
going to shove the board that way and
your nose will start to rotate and then
you jump when you do that okay and
you're gonna jump back on the board once
it goes 180 degrees it's the hardest
thing about learning this is probably
getting your feet back over the board
okay it might seem spazzy at first but
my wife when she was my girlfriend
learned this trick within I think 20
minutes she landed a pop shuvit never
skating before in her life so not to say
anything you know girlfriends can't
skate at all there are some mind-blowing
girls out there skating it's not a sex
thing but just shows you my I've never
skated before someone's a big just
picked up skating could do a pop shuvit
like that so just wing it just have just
tries you know like through the nose
with using your back foot and jump right
on okay try try try and you're gonna be
able to do it eventually your hands down
pop shuvit is the easiest thing you
could probably learn on a skateboard
alright the next one I'm going to teach
you is a half cab and normal half cabs
definitely pop an ollie high into the
air and turn and land but you can
totally learn this without really
knowing how to do a solid tall Ollie
come a half gap if you don't know is a
fakie 180 alright so this is what it
looks like that's what it looks like
okay but to do it really you can do a
super weak pop on your tail and just
turn and you kind of pin it on your back
wheels your backs to the wheels and it
just kind of works its way easier than a
regular 180 and when you're learning
it's kind of almost just like a pop then
turning around so this is a really cool
movement to learn hands down and see a
lot of beginners of the skatepark doing
it it'll feel good too you'll be rolling
fakie you just do a little pop half cab
and you're rolling the regular way
here's what I'm talking about with a
cat with minimal pop just like that so I
definitely encourage you if you know how
to ollie every time always pop your
tricks and get them in the air but I'm
trying to teach this assuming that you
don't really have a good grasp on all
and you're just starting out
skateboarding so the basic is gonna be a
fakie Ollie you might not be comfortable
rolling backwards but you know just
cruise around the skatepark both regular
and goofy footed and you get the hang of
it somewhat quickly I imagine but you're
basically just gonna do it like the tail
tap we talked to the beginning and then
turn your shoulders okay with your front
foot guided the right direction keep
trying that there's going to be a
million things that go wrong you know
you're gonna like it's going to go
through that and you're gonna jump in
front of the board or you're going to
land with your feet funny this is all
normal falling and failing is just a
part of skateboarding okay and you get
better at it it's actually a part of
life spoiler alert okay and this is a
good talent to have to be able to keep
doing something no matter how much you
suck at it
because that's how you get better and
progress yourself so mess around with it
half caps are super easy to learn and
then as you get a be a more talented
skateboarder it's a trick that you can
put more effort to perfect and they look
really nice and they're really kind of a
respected trick I would think when I see
a half cab down a gap in like well it
looks really nice half cabs definitely
learn them alright the next one is going
to combine a half cab and a pop shuvit
it is a fakie big spin it is if you can
get this it is a very cool feeling trick
it's always fun and it's one of those
can be one of those tricks that you're
like oh my gosh I'm getting better at
skateboarding I didn't think I could do
this it's a lot of fun so what it is is
you're gonna be rolling fakie backwards
again and you're gonna tap your tail do
the half cab and to shove it all at the
same time so it does a 360 pop shuvit
and your body does a 180 I will show you
the first two tricks the ollie and the
shovel you definitely can just kind of
stand still and try I always suggest
trying things moving it just makes
everything easier for the rest of your
skateboarding this one you have to be
moving same with the half cab you guys
have to be moving on these and you're
kind of just do the half cab definitely
learn that fast but when you do it just
literally with your back foot you're
just going to start to the half cabin
and shelf okay it's one motion and it's
really easy once you get the feeling
throwing your board
okay it'll just feel right you'll be
like okay I got it that's when you start
looking at the board and landing on it
and then rolling away okay it'll
definitely be the hardest of the tricks
I'm telling you do but it's actually
really easy to kind of get the hang of
even if it feels really hard first
before you know it you'll be like okay I
got these
maybe rolling away and your mom's gonna
be like son I'm proud of you you get to
lunch money today really all this trick
is is the pressure Craig actually just
said this my filmer he's a good dude and
he's here to help you too
so it's really just the pressure you
know you're gonna go like this press
down spin okay that back foot it's all
just this it's just BAM as you do a half
cab and you just aim it and you're gonna
land it eventually I promise you will be
able to land up fakie basement trick is
very fun I'll even go to color what do
you call this drag this we got Casper
spaz let's call it Casper spaz I have no
idea someone in the comments will tell
me what it's called but this is the very
first thing I learned in skateboarding I
actually didn't even really skate at the
time I was just messing around a
friend's house when I was really young
and I did it it's you kind of do a three
flip which is a three CCD kickflip but
you start like this and Casper on the
ground so you're going to jump up I'm
really surprised I had it first try it's
one of those things that at first is
going to kind of feel like luck but uh
you just kind of jump up and kick your
foot that way and watch the board spin
okay and it's really fun and you're when
you're just started skating you're you
hear your parents outside they're gonna
be like what can you do anything you're
gonna do that they're like well that
flipped a lot that looked awesome you're
good at this and they're gonna buy you
something maybe an action figure maybe
it's you pull a burrito but you deserve
something okay so this is definitely one
that you might take some spills
I practice it in the grass when I was a
kid so don't be afraid to try it there
or in a soft setting because you can
easily hear no Primo or maybe get
somehow get the board up your butt
that's not fun
but just half hope you know you can do
kind of small ones too like if you start
in the Casper stance like this without
actually like being up in the air you
can do a lot of weird stuff now so just
have fun with it but the basic one that
I learned was definitely the three flip
Wow there was that prima that was
talking about there you see the girl
down the street that you have a crush on
now is the crush on you congratulations
you're booked Valentine's Day so there's
the five tricks like I said if you
really want to learn these and you're
having trouble with them look them up on
YouTube and find some more in-depth ways
how to do them I just kind of want to
make a list and show you guys give you
the like the rough outline of how to do
them I hope it helped I'm gonna go
around the park and I'm gonna do some of
these and then we're gonna end the video
you ready to do some shove-its and Figgy
based minutes and half cabs let's go
for those I was trying to keep them kind
of mellow so people wouldn't get the
idea to go too crazy this is not normal
I'm gonna do it anyway because I want to
do this trick in the skate park you
could definitely get hurt doing this a
little bit so be careful like that just
smash my toe gosh
so you guys go there's the five tricks
if you really want to start from scratch
on tricks I have a how to ollie video
it's really old wood to be linked at the
end of this video but either way
whatever you're trying just keep trying
skating it's tough and it takes a while
to get the hang up sometimes but it's
really rewarding when you do add a trick
to your belt to your belt is that a real
thing add a trick to your bag so that's
why I made these because I feel like
once you started skating these are
probably the easiest tricks to kind of
tackle so good luck guys subscribe or
die a good way don't actually die
Gregg thank you very much for coming
you're good dude
switch no slide you're in my video the
other day I was the other day yeah we've
been hanging out lately
oh dude shade your beer into a goatee
okay like it's kind of getting there now
I have had a mustache but Casey's been
beating me so kind of been getting blue
bummed on it this is good though yeah
he's looking like Brian names you have
mittens do I've mittens yeah
