YouTube what is up guys this is a daily
like 45 I am in Cincinnati all I have to
do is go to work today and hang out with
ridin it's gonna be an awesome day I
don't really know what we're getting
into but come along for the journey but
before that gonna cat this cat is
obsessed with actually both our cats are
they just freaking hang out next to us
they're awesome i otter too cool for the
camera okay so first thing is first I'm
gonna go wake up ridin I'm Kylie I'm
getting up really late today I got up at
8 o'clock which is unheard of for me and
is now 8:30 I'm usually at work by now
that's for sure
honestly I did a freestyle skateboarding
video and it's like my body's not used
to moving that way so it just like
annihilate my muscles I've been so stiff
and sore from that and it's like three
days later and I'm still like a waste oh
my gosh
well you're awake what are you doing
Vega was sleeping in your bed he's a
good cat isn't he
how'd you sleep good are you ready go to
the warehouse I love you let's get you
ready you dropping the cat's nail sure
today looking cute you ready for the day
yeah you give out daddy we did a Vulcan
little apple and baggy weave it's funny
I read it funny
yeah grandma laughter success that's
what dad wants here give me hug ride it
let's go I got a new book bag for my
camera laptop and is huge I love it
looks that big well yeah it does look
compare it to my child stand up or that
are you ready let's go
we're here reading okay yeah there are
gonna be people here some people will be
sleeping which I'll explain and then
some people will be here for sure I
can't raise I'm sore hi Brian everybody
two full packs of black licorice for a
hundred dollars right now nope all right
oh it's a mess did you want to get a
breakfast sandwich just like dad yeah
yeah you've been saying that a lot when
your child says these I bet you're like
our time do it okay is apparent ease
police right that's where you aim for
all right you eat this okay eat all of
it and then dad's gonna do some emails
yeah I'm gonna do some emails okay so
yeah I'm gonna knock out some emails
it's not that bad and Ryan's gonna eat
that I'm trying to hook up with Netflix
but I'm uses TV in a while so I don't
know if I self hoping it preparing the
TV I turn the TV on and has to prepare
to be a TV all right Brian is what we
got talk about I mean you get home for
an Andalite unless he's coming out for
months oh no it's going out this weekend
and 9:00 then you can't film what we're
about to talk about so say goodbye
goodbye don't do that don't do that
right don't do that broken lungs I
thought that was a light oh I did I did
break my lens but it works you're doing
I'm gonna go buy a new lens
you broke your light okay cool how'd you
one that happen yeah I got the whole
thing okay so fYI guys Bryden for future
endeavors in life and Brian Ames this is
not a good tripod
okay that's pretty good yeah totally
just drop my camera have you didn't get
that and there's a weird thing in the
lens you can't see in the footage but uh
yeah it's probably not good so that's
awesome because now I probably have to
buy a new lens I'm afraid to take it off
because I'm afraid that if I take it off
of my break Foley
so fisheye for the rest of this video
that's for sure oh you have a mirror Mac
that is scary
all right what is that noise where I
didn't hold on so a couple guys that are
in from out of town
Josh cats at a hotel so he'll be here
later on but max and chip are in Shred
quarters sleeping like I've been
sleeping here for a week and they love
it so they'll be up and awake eventually
and we'll all skate I'm sure but right
now
Brighton we're going to go to the
production side okay so let's go to the
board the skateboards are how cool do
the shoes look right
you totally can do that that's awesome
okay so those of you who don't know I
own and operate revive skateboards of
course wheels with Brian Eames we also
have an online skate shop the Shred
quarters calm so that's what goes on in
here there's wonderful people that help
us work I'm gonna do some work myself in
here and we just got decks in so I don't
think I can show you any of those just
yet those come out in about a month but
for now I'll tease you if some I don't
know I'll do something I'll give you
guys something I promise you look like
you do not want to be on film at all you
you move your lips but no sound came out
to do you undo orders with me got some
packing slips we fill them out okay
this is Cameron Brown which we say the
camera bro hey what y'all go tell
Cameron Brown to eat something for
dinner tonight what should eat and
didn't eat some spinach you got it I
need y'all more I can go home
there you go can't ignite ya the pendant
worked well Linderman I hope you like
your iPhone case say say hey to josh
donor by the icy car log hey Joshy call
oh I'm gonna be on I'm gonna be honest
right and I was feeling this one more
than this one this is what it looks like
when your warehouse gets five thousand
skateboards just boxes of up everywhere
and some of these are already on the
shelves them so this isn't even all of
them but we got five thousand
skateboards in so these wonderful
friends warehouse dudes are sorting them
and put them away and whatnot I don't
know I'm gonna talk to Brian and see if
I can unveil one if the very least I'll
unveil a shirts graphic that's coming
out we don't have the shirts in but I'll
show you it
what are you doing thanks sir what are
you doing yo he'll be helping out Alex
that's very nice of you good lie oh yeah
we got restocked on a lot of decks that
were out of stock so in case you guys
are wondering so ride you made a fort
over here which is pretty awesome human
who helped you with this beautiful movie
oh that was nice of him
okay so it is lunchtime I've been
dieting really hardcore lately and I've
been doing good at it but for lunch I've
only been eating a smoothie so I'm gonna
go get a smoothie and we get this guy
some real lunch because he is a growing
boy I happened it all right all right
two smoothie king
we're smoothie time here's the smoothie
and then we totally got some dried
where's the other one some dried fruits
I don't never had these a lot of guys
present and you had a breakfast you had
sausage at a breakfast sandwich that's
not that dieting well I don't eat the
bread see I just eat the protein which
is still definitely the worst thing I
eat typically but it's like the one
thing that I've always got to start my
name so I go with it it's whatever
my dad is working now it's all I care
about now I'm gonna go to the deli to
grab him some food
we're at the deli we got some lunch for
the little guy let's go let's go back to
the warehouse and heat this okay sound
like a plan
there's a bunch of birds out here
sandwich and some fruit serving alright
so what he's letting eating lunch I'm
going to edit start working on the video
that goes up tonight which is totally
tomorrow but yeah I try to get ahead of
myself videos it never really works but
I'm a little bit ahead of myself now so
Wow okay so I headed it the whole video
and ride and watch the rest of that
movie so now I'm gonna jump back with
Bryan and do business stuff but then
we're gonna skate here eventually back
here okay I'll be back now the search
for Bryan Ames continuous there is right
are you ready to talk
yes hey guys I'm gonna skateboard with
you guys okay I'm not I'm not as sore as
I used to be I'm sore all slippers uh
well you're staying a few days so
doesn't matter no oh my Max and chip are
up to your where else Wednesday rule
would I be watching it I'm not
you should I'm reaching out to that UK
manufacturer to get a sample see and
also in our UK this we're looking up
places to stay in California next month
do you want some freeze-dried pineapple
nope alright I just spent like 14
minutes filling out some things for
agenda some trade show that sounds
boring I know next month that's where
we're going to California we're going to
some business trade show and I had to
register for it so hopefully I did that
right you haven't got to play on the new
ramps yet have you
eita jump off it
we'll take it we'll take that whoo all
right so I just started skating I just
played Thai in a game of skate
off-camera annihilated me but I think
either today or tomorrow we're gonna
play a game of skate on his channel so
maybe I'll get some revenge but uh let's
do some skateboarding you're getting her
vibe nerd I'll get revived yeah he
revived from sucking in skating
oh that was a guy
give hugs
all right let's continue right bragging
thank you for filming
when you up next week alright we're not
going to tease a dick
are we Bryan is we're not this whole
piles of X you see we're not going to
use them it but we will tease a shirt ok
do you got you got the taco walrus you
the official sequel to cat snail because
let's just act like Tyranno seal didn't
happen take easy yes until next time
workday done now we're headed home
because I have to give that guy a bat
seriously and then we're in a snack I
don't over - I might come out running
actually did you have a good day at work
or thank you for coming with me
and he woke up and I was picking him up
ha ha
and you were just asleep how do you have
much energy you hungry I'll make you
something buddy all right riding snack
is pistachios and you want it you want
the shells don't you you like cracking
them look who's home wake up see how
dirty your child is we just got home
when who said he was really hungry so I
wash his hands let me eat right he's
watching goosebumps and the acting is
pretty hilarious all right I'm going to
run that's why I'm in awkward shorts
Oh
all right I'm here and I'm totally not
gonna film it I like used to set my
camera but act like I was running that's
not happening but I do want to say that
anchor sent me these like wireless
earbuds none of the greatest in the
world okay
so Ronnie's done I did I just did 1.2
miles I'm trying to leave but does a car
part behind me and they're probably
wondering if they're even paying
attention me because if they're pay
attention me they probably but if they
did they'd be like wow that guy's
talking to himself I want to be talking
to YouTube you're up to everybody
are you in your playroom okay well I'm
gonna shower is that okay okay
okay so I cleaned up and we are going
out to dinner we're going to a real
restaurant so wish me luck I'm going to
really try not to eat more than usually
if I go to the right place it's super
easy to just eat a small salad or like
one taco or something but we're going to
a religious place it's called El coyote
so fingers crossed hegel hegel hegel
you're wearing the shoes that I was
about to put on it's a little late to
invite them but maybe another time
out riding how good does it feel now
that you're clean yes you were just it
has to feel good your music no I got a
detention for trash talking a salamander
we are here I'll film some cell phone
clips but I'm gonna enjoy my me also I
did kind of goodbye but whatever I'm
going in we're here right
URI to eat what
all right well I messed up I totally
messed up I started eating chips and I
started eating rice fries but overall I
still didn't eat too much like I didn't
go crazy but now we're going to Orange
Leaf which is like frozen yogurt yeah
how are we ride it ride what do you want
to go orders Lee
our mark was a date Wow these glasses I
just got these glasses recently and
these are like HD glasses like the world
looks better in them than without them
but uh
hoarsely frozen yogurt I'm little guy is
happy so that's good he's been good
today so he deserves it yeah even cuz
even see it yeah it's super old-school
Metro so faded and yeah
it's an old piece of Joel's watching
this video the statue man buffer what'd
you get
alright I'll leave the blackberries for
you since those are delicious but I got
to get a little bit ice cream and some
sprinkles edge it okay / darn good I'm
gonna give it a 7 out of 10 right knows
what that was actually delicious
wha I love you Alan that was good glad
you're here alright so that was our day
that was a daily life 3545 I hope you
guys enjoyed it thank you guys for
hanging out with us and you a good day
what was your favorite part of the day
um when I'm with you way around it was
fun when we were there a long time too
oh I liked when I played around the Navy
yeah I know you did that very well it
was nice to have just a normal day I'm
sure the next one will probably be
different
either way I do do the video so stay
tuned and thank you guys for watching
that's it any last words mmm hey high
five the camera hi missed you missed you
missed you missed you missed you
you kind of got it there
they can take your laser but they can't
take away you Sparkle are you really
saying yeah
