YouTube what is up guys so I am going to
hit this so hard that this one falls
down and just lands on there okay
it's gives you be really tough to watch
this pretty much nail it you do what is
up guys oh yeah I had no idea how to
start this video and I had all these
pill bottles from when I was a sick a
few months ago and I was like I'm gonna
make this is my intro this is what I'm
doing I really put a lot of thought into
my videos I can't even make them but
yeah update with your time so I'm gonna
talk about life tell you about how
things are going and whatnot my life has
been absurdly insane lately okay and I
know I always say that I've been saying
that for years
each different time of my life brings a
different craziness to it and lately
like the last two months I pretty much
haven't had a personal life so much it's
been just a 24/7 doing things and it's
been insane so starting at the beginning
of April I had dudes staying at my house
had like up to five people and they were
all awesome guys you know Johnny guy
who's with me for three weeks
Cody wins ninja Bret Novak the list goes
on there was a bunch of people in and
out I was playing host which was really
fun but then right after the three weeks
of them being in town ended I went
straight to Los Angeles then I came back
I had like one free day and then I went
to a wedding and then I had one other
free day my free day I mean I worked as
much as I could to catch up all my life
and then I went to Vegas after that and
then I got back and now people are in
town here again so it's been pretty nuts
but next week I just kind of get my
normal life back so hope they'll be able
to like really stockpile videos and go
at it at least I hope so because I
needed to start being a little more
productive I need to work at my house
like it still feel like I've just moved
in because I haven't had time to like
buy certain furniture for certain rooms
and stuff so it's been it has been for
whatever reason I just got the thought
that I wanted tater tots right now you
might pregnant but crazy or not it's
been really really enjoyable I've been
hanging out with some of the best people
on earth and uh it's been a good time I
do have a few things to go over in this
video though first off I talked about my
uber or code like in like a few vlog
assad's it was really effective I get a
lot of you guys use it so I just kind of
want to mention again and I'll probably
periodically do it I use uber a lot like
it's it's a just service where they can
come pick you up
you see you tell a car where you are it
comes and picks you up and takes you
somewhere and it's super affordable it
compared to like taxi services and stuff
and I see a lot of kids using this at
the skate park about kids I mean
teenagers
I don't know if they have it set up
through their their parents account but
either way adults or tell your parents
about this that if you use this code
right here you sign up for it and then
go over to like promotions or something
and type in my code I think that's how
you do it if not you'll figure it out
you get like a you get a credit for a
free ride for you and then I get a free
ride so we both mutually benefit and
it's really really cool so definitely
check out Ober
it helps us both out and I've been using
it more and more so I feel like this is
a service if you're not already using
it's awesome especially if you're like
living in a city or whatnot or just need
rides in general this is great and
they're giving us a free ride there's a
you know you can get anywhere you want
to go so any of you guys would share
that thank you very much I like
periodically drop this code and explain
every once a while so if you hear this
again I'm sorry but yeah there you go
science okay could I just pause this
video from one second to say the science
has just said the dinosaurs are back to
being scaly I mean I totally wanted them
to stay that way in the first place you
know like everyone was like you know I
love Jurassic Park is not realistic in
feathers now okay I'm like I don't care
if that feathers in real life okay the
dinosaurs are gone and I want to see big
lizardy monsters destroying things on
screen now they're back to being scaly
okay Pluto's a planet is not a planet
secondhand smoke is worse for you than
an actual smoking like well I'm on one
science is just degree per second I know
it's an ongoing thing but my gosh okay
let's just keep the dinosaurs scaly from
here on out okay let's let's just agree
to that yeah you know you know you're
right these are my eyebrows there's a
lot of stuff happening in the revived
forces shred quarters world first off
the strength quarters is carrying a lot
of new brands we've got Star Wars decks
in my watch is freaking diggin we have
Star Wars decks in we have cake muscle
decks in probably forgetting some new
products but we are gonna we're
expanding in all areas so definitely
check it out and actually go over like
if you the top of the store like there's
links that you can check out like
different areas of the stores so browse
a little bit if you want but I just want
to tell you that we're adding stuff to
it so thumbs up in there are five world
we have the new summer line coming out
next month
I think it's June's 17/18 it's like at
midnight so it's like the night of the
17th but it's the morning of the 18th
and it's real it's like the texture
looking so awesome you guys are gonna
really like it and then we've got like
some accessories coming out we have
shirts of course hoodies which oh my
gosh I need to put in that hoodie order
the revive also has a little
of big announcements happening over the
length from here on to the end of the
year so some big things are happening so
stay very tuned on that basic I'm just
like telling you like I have cool things
to say but I'm not gonna say that pretty
much what I'm saying oh horse yeah we
got a we have a launch I think might
happen in July we have a summer launch
happening we got two sets of wheels
shirts maybe some accessories same same
old stuff you know we're gonna add stuff
to the prod a line it'll be really cool
I might drop a V to force video apart
like an online video part of one of the
dudes because we have a lot of talented
riders my watch is freaking diggin I've
been wanting to do that so yeah watch
still diggin in factor of I for a second
we totally are in a video game okay so
this skater application on iOS and
Android super fun video game for your
mobile device and we partnered with them
and we are totally in their game which
is an honor like it like growing up I
never thought that something I created
would end up in a video game it's a
really really fun video game so you'll
see some promotion for the next like two
months or so with them but definitely
check it out
I'll put a link right down the info so
you can click on it and just like it'll
take you to a page to get it on iOS or
Android it is $5 the way I look at it
like a lot of people complain and whine
about paying money for us so a cell
phone game do they put work in this you
know like somebody created this like
that's like what they do like you'd like
to support them it's a good game like
you get your money's worth in fact if I
get a free game then I play for like
hours on end I will absolutely go in and
buy something because I want to support
that game so that's the way I look at it
if you don't want to spend five dollars
on a video game then just don't do it
you know but for those of you who want a
really good skate game it's awesome and
then wearing it so then we some contests
involving that so you'll be able to
enter it if you have the game and no
make footage with it more on that later
but I'm super psyched and I just had to
keep I talked about even though I've
already done a video on it right now
getting sucked into my chair yeah
another thing that I wanted to let you
guys know about is dude a skateboarder a
really passionate a boarder he's called
skate speech here on YouTube he is
starting a skate shop in his local town
and he has like he actually has like a
fundraiser for it I guess they're
getting a skate park he wants to a skate
shop he's doing uh he's doing a
IndieGoGo things so I just want to fill
you in and give you guys a heads up if
you wanted to donate to a good cause and
skateboarding there'll be a link right
down there he's not asking for huge
credit contributions he's just asking
for little things here and there from
people so uh at the very least like
share it on
your social media is like on your
Facebook or something if you don't want
to donate I personally gonna go donate
so hopefully I remember to do this while
heading Andy when you're heading this go
freakin donate to the skate shop but I
just want to give it a heads up I
actually gave him some some shred
quarters clips but he does like doing a
subscriber montage I'm subscribed to him
so I just gave him some clips so if you
find his channel skate speech here on
YouTube you'll see a couple clips of me
and one of his montages and now it's
time for me to get embarrassed okay I
always guess it's like turning into
think of these update videos where I
just tell you MoMA in my life that I'm
embarrassed about or not proud of or
something I actually have to sit here
and think of something like what
happened I not set onto YouTube which
makes me think there's not a lot of
events in my life that I'm super ashamed
of or something here embarrassed but
either way here goes okay this is
something I did in sixth grade it's
pretty mild too
okay is it it's not it's not too
actually I mean on paper it sounds worse
than it I think it is maybe I just think
it's mild I don't know
sixth grade I used to meet my friend at
his house and then we would walk to
school and then eventually I think one
morning we were watching Garfield
it was a good show it was a totally good
show especially if you're in sixth grade
when we were like let's just keep
watching Garfield I don't think it's
gonna matter if we're like 10 minutes
late for school you know so let's watch
or film and we just started kind of
doing this every day so we'd show up
like it's 15 to 20 minutes late
sometimes up to 30 minutes late and when
you're in sixth grade like elementary
school I don't think they actually care
like cuz my teacher just didn't care
that much she just let it happen
I mean she would give us a hard time for
it but then all I would do like we would
be walking to school so we would just
take flowers from people to garden and
walk in and hand it to her which perhaps
to me for doing something that's smooth
I guess like giving your teacher flowers
weird but like at the same time there's
just a punk thing to do because we're
walking to the lane handing our teacher
flowers she would just act all like all
you guys that she's like wait where'd
you get these from and we didn't admit
to taking it from somebody's garden but
we totally took it from somebody's
garden so I was stealing from people and
being late for school all at once and I
didn't think anything of it but looking
back I was a punk okay there you go I've
got it off my chest I was stealing
people's flowers and giving it to my
teacher who I was showing up late to her
class for it's a little Robin hoodie
maybe unless the people that I was taken
from were poor then it's totally not
Robin hoodie maybe I was a jerk but that
is it guys that's all the information I
wanted to give you I do daily videos
here tomorrow I have a new day a new
life coming and really not cut up on
videos too much so I don't really know
what's happening you're gonna get a
video every day though so don't worry
about that but I definitely have some
good
plan and then since I'm not doing a
whole we are revenge season this year I
am doing a couple I just want to give
you a heads up that there will be a we
are avenged this summer at some point so
within the next month and a half
I'm sure you'll see one and then you'll
definitely see one towards Christmas so
two maybe three but then next year we
will totally be in full effect filming
we're revenge's again I'm sorry that we
did take a break but on the other hand
we are totally getting work done for our
full-length video so that's good either
way
tune in for daily videos I've got to go
get lunch and they clean my house
because josh katz is filming at my house
today that's that's true
they're also let's keep that up a little
bit have a and just FYI
that was my FYI it has a new summer or
do you want a cup of coffee because I do
