what's up guys run this DIY in
California and the dudes are skating
this box and I'm here to show you that
it's gonna be a good session oh my dude
yeah you don't like it I did like it
d-trix you think are gonna happen right
now mate - maybe - what's your camera I
know there it is you guys want to see
John's angle it's right there that was
super good I was really good cheese
I fell off my board and his was sketchy
so yeah we're awesome oh my gosh I wish
I would have filmed that better I was
walking away I was so good jaren that
was so weird are you okay
you all right dude
gotcha Hey
that was so awesome dude nka people he's
good he's a really good camera you get
that Ritchie are you covering your hand
for your sake I was trying to mark it I
was really good oh my gosh
first try first try people he's too good
dude that was good what are you doing
that was okay what do you do mine was
better
dude you gotta cool it with that Nigel I
have so many clothes of Nigel just
rolling by or barely ollying see I would
be ecstatic am I like that you were
probably bone you were you guys are way
to go to skateboard you know that that's
not true all right that's what these
people do I'm gonna go around giving
everybody a high-five because they'd
really deserve it
oh my gosh
with you starting with you oh thanks did
you
how would you rate John Hill as a person
on one through ten scale solve seven or
eight oh really I would say six that
sucks
well that's all right but that gives you
room to progress you know you can't be
perfect that's true I mean Brian was
like a well he's my second eye he might
be a nine yeah he's pretty good
you
