this warehouse Wednesday is special
because we're gonna sneak-attack Brian
Eames would you like to use annihilate
him with water as comes out the door yes
but I have just the thing for you let's
go
I like your attitude why would 9 isn't
you're gonna grab this stupid pink
you're gonna grab this bit that that
pink thing I don't know what it is
listen horse but we'll grab I'll grab
this out of my messy trunk okay so we're
gonna make him think he's throwing this
but really he's gonna come out and get
destroyed you ready are you ready yeah
I'm ready get back inside yes yes let's
get annihilated you actually bought
we're gonna have you throw a frisbee for
the intro where else Wednesday yeah now
you can have the X Y or the X next to
this I thought that I was gonna get it
it's this like a pink pony that's shot
yeah
where else Wednesday we're house
Wednesday hey did even write and didn't
know that was happening
goodbye who's this it's yeah but uh
face this way I can see the Sun on your
faces this week there it is good this is
chip it's gonna be very hard on you yeah
you're you touch Reese in eight minutes
Bob of those drinks are gonna have to be
kickflip in kickflip out no no no no
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa everyone you
just said God you don't kickflip in and
keep about either/or oh god saying oh
did it do you think you've been in and
out of it yeah a little bit go in or out
not bow on this guy's face I like that
and the other five have to be a blunt
combination of some sort I would
actually like you to start with a blunt
slide or stall combos deal and you can
use anywhere in the park you use the
whole part if you do this if you do this
Sam was he win me you win Sam and thirty
five dollars to Olive Garden also also
what's in there take it take it what is
that it Oh
bb8 sicker see oh that's sick that's a
bb-8 sticker it's going right on my skin
if one day I will win this oh if you
fail Brian Ames gets to smash my
skateboard with it with an axe I don't
want you Andy I got your back you better
laughs I'm gonna make sure I have trust
in you
eight minutes new 10 tricks five either
flip in or flip out and five bluntslide
or stall combination yes anywhere the
start run and I can't believe taking me
the sound down right back off from the X
gettin you stated it very well let's go
get inside alright what's up buddy
that accent said chop down trees
typically yeah Brian do a test shop this
is the worst acts ever let's go what
else one day oh we didn't talk about
warming up chip oh I don't get a woman I
don't want you really don't want to
worry about though he was born to warm
I'm not good we like chip he's get
residual warm from Arizona oh my gosh
okay alright we're gonna do with the
blunt slides first blunt slide one
stalls say you got a chip buddy I wasn't
nice give me with the heater art I'm
gonna start on this ledge and once I
give you the go start the clock right
latch this here's the deck and here's
the axe do you think you're gonna be
breaking that today I kind of hope so I
hope so I don't hope so actually cuz I
want to set up a new board do you have
your odometer out I do
Josh man says get the crap out of the
way can't argue with that
she please get back into starting on
yeah get back come on people
commence it begins
one Brian that's one one boy he's just
gonna come back I'm gonna do come back
he's nervous
I like it I think we should have given
him four minutes yeah no fakies does
that kid Isaac count does it
don't go now we should be we should be
hard no fakies all right ledge right
here what this is insane why did we give
him eight minutes it's been almost two
minutes okay
in 1.46 trick-or-treat his six weeks
left a limit to six years left
you got one more blood to do
now no it doesn't count you did a front
one on that does not count
oh please do that is your heart beating
very fat what are you doing you permit
that you do permit this permit this
look at that times four minutes long
he's halfway done
we got a phone my boards gonna break
isn't it it's going down your board
broken
there it is three minutes and four
seconds left you have three minutes to
do five kickflip combos I'm going to be
really bummed if my board gets axed it's
a lot of time for tea it's not a lot of
time chip champ you can't you gotta the
camera has to be there for you to do it
whoa - got paid to the key flow manual
count yech I don't get it I got a refill
man good chip you got to redo the
kickflip manual I wasn't filming you off
get off time well that was not hard at
all all right he's gone to tricks in 15
seconds somehow dude he doesn't he
doesn't stop there's a fantastic
what was that I don't know he's like in
panic mode I got we freak it out oh that
was good
he's got a he's got a minute 57 oh my
gosh it's time does he have got a bit of
the ham dude he's he's switching it up
Oh got 50 seconds
he's got got her anyone Oh chip you have
one more try 14 seconds to get over
there why why did you do that to me dude
oh I feel like we did it together man no
that was a rush three seconds left to
Thomas chip I got you this was it like a
long hair like a reunion right here
everyone all the long hairs just came
together there you go do you have here's
a sticker where the sticker go ridin
hold it for me o ridin I want you to I
want you to focus in on this on this
right here by the way that's right
that's the tattoo that's him well it's
part part - that was a good episode that
was amazing yeah Thank You Mandy for
everything really appreciate this
opportunity has been amazing we
appreciate you for the world we
appreciate you would you trade it for
Brian's beer to be shaved it nope he
deserves his beard more than I deserve
mine yeah I want to break something with
this well you've ever should that'll be
the end let's go break something not
today
yeah well not my board that's for sure
should break something that's memorable
so we can always look back and say that
was from that how about the side of this
thing well we'll look at it will always
know that's from that one episode chip
your knee if it wants to be intact you
should use you may remove it your knee
I'm gonna put a hole the ball Holmes
warehouse Wednesday thank you
saying that sting man you you suck at X
give me your all come on Paul Bunyon but
that is one strong ray I'm hitting it
hard all right we can't remember
anything I guess then we have no memory
yeah I forget
do it to the best visibility like you
should have just actually been hit right
here with that stream of water yeah he's
yelling at you for not hitting him well
I mean you do a solid right in the chest
he kind of nailed it but it would have
been communica fact would've been much
better but when hidden where in the face
okay walked in next time next time David
okay hey you know what we're gonna spray
him in the face right now that's what he
gets
everybody hit him I would have helped
man he made it much harder for chip to
skate in here
yeah dry the part because I'd like him
to probably kill me actually because he
hit me in the sternum it will kill
someone here at the dollar store I don't
dumb
you
