right it get over here what do you got
there you have a Charizard what are we
doing today well game and coffee we are
getting we're getting a golf ball
Oh game we're getting a golf I wanted to
play our new putt-putt around the house
today and riding thought it was a good
idea too so what we're gonna do is we're
gonna go to the store and get a little
putt-putt golf thing and we're gonna do
some father-son golfing are you ready
for this what are you ready for this
you're jumping on me are you jumping on
me all right
whoo-hoo that was my that was my throat
all right ready let's go do you wanna
bring Charizard yeah all right dad it's
okay I love you
y'all-y'all I'm gonna help you up no
biggie good get out okay okay okay good
get in your seat get in your seat right
now what should we listen to on the way
there I'm not a baby good you wanna
listen Dom no that's it let's go
you ready to go in this side the store
and get a golf thing let's go okay ridin
if you want a boat they're having a sail
boat they just mean a bunch of kayaks
you're a jumper this way that's a little
heavy duty I'm thinking this one buddy
hahaha
are you happy well there you go there's
a celebration okay
all right we got our golf stuff we are
ready to go what should we listen to
buddy yeah
neon pegasus today's let's do it
we're home are you ready for golf or
yeah you don't sound that excited oh
yeah there you go
did we get the stuff all right here's
the balls we have a hard one and a soft
one in case we do some trick shots on
the hardwood floor and then we have this
thing you want to show everyone how it
works
haha comes right back to it doesn't it
are you ready to do this yeah yeah
aren't you polite all right let's do
some putts we try to get on a putter but
all they had was like a nice putter so
Ryan got a legit butter for this there
you go buddy that's yours you do the
first putt let's even do first try nope
yeah hit harder than that see he's got
to go over this bump success give it
five oh holy cow that was like a hundred
Bala's like golf Bella bleep head I
still torn bad all right you want to
film me yeah
is the red button on Oh all right ready
first try
hmm uh-huh it went over it success
come right back at you I missed you
lined up your shot I can't I came back
you'd be I do a soft high-five
there you go we have to do the long
shots are you ready
sois back up a little bit I want to hear
daddy do it a lot all right did I just
do that first try look all right oh I've
been struck I am okay I was just kidding
it didn't hurt long shot launcher go yes
yeah hi nope
you got hit the heights a moving
high-five hit the high five moving
high-five hit the high five hit the high
five
Oh granny what time is it and it is
trickshot time I'm gonna go from here to
here to enter there are you ready Wow oh
haha
I was it you're sitting on a fake
kitchen
hey is your my is your pizza ready what
no it doesn't lemon it's just a lemon
look lemon pizza all right
thanks buzz is my reward I'm gonna eat
it right up home it's in the camera's
mouth
the final one you're gonna put it from
here down to there you got this are you
sure Oh oh my gosh that was way off I'm
gonna put it right here okay whoa oh so
close
all right let's see you what you hit me
I believe in you this will right here
gimme five gimme five I know how about
we'll do another video where we where we
make it go in for good yeah that was
pretty fun wasn't it yeah do you like
father-son golfing all right we had a
great time over you guys enjoyed the
little day adventure with us we'll try
to officially land the down the stair
shop ride me was that you did really
well your trick shot was way harder than
mine
how do you get I don't we're gonna do it
again but I do have one more thing to
show you okay did you know that this
serves as a cannon to career watch this
use ray of the Ghostbusters and Winston
of the Ghostbusters set the ball right
here
stee-rike thanks for watching guys
videos here every day so I will see you
tomorrow
say bye bow goes hitting no say but say
bye I did hi dad
no not bye dad say did you say bye bye
I don't know about you guys I was think
about getting some Starbucks what's that
ah yeah yeah that's the one guys are
going to Starbucks isn't he yeah ah
let's totally do that
