YouTube what's up guys I have been
hanging out with Brett Novak lately
who's a really talented videographer but
he's always really he's always he's
always he's always he's always our Brett
sizzler oh I hit my knee really hard and
he's like oh my god I've been hanging
out Brett Novak a lot lately he's a
talented videographer you probably heard
me talk about him before he's also a
talented freestyle skateboarder and I
told him that I'm making a freestyle
skateboarding video me trying to
freestyle to be awful but that's what
I'm doing today okay I'm gonna try to do
some things and I kind of know how to do
and if I do them well hopefully you'll
appreciate and be entertained okay ready
so that was so gross oh yeah
he's giving away something at the end of
the videos stay tuned you can't wait to
escape paper towels ready go with the
co2 gun fashion Caspar and see how many
tries it takes me not one yep I just go
take me forever Oh stick I hope you
slide like stationary I just landed and
slide away yeah go over there oh my gosh
pull it up standing still ah Stan you're
gonna slice my face banging go right
through this oh my god are you know ah
look at that foot it was good I got
fresh Huber's right now - which does not
make any of this easier oh right into
the foot I still run away you did how
many of the things that I'm worse at and
those are those rail rail tricks like on
the side of your board like this I'm not
gonna do a first try yep it'll get there
gosh oh you're gonna nail me date
holy good deflection that was something
I was well sure that was something I
can't do it I can't do it okay though ii
tried i don't know which way to do it we
keep the momentum going we're gonna do
flip and a half to casper okay geez now
cheese cheese trick hurts why flip Wow
gosh it hurts he got that pit stop at
the old ankle
that makes sense no bad can hurt
somebody needs to actually measure pants
okay
these are thirty twos I can fit two of
me in these pants oh my fruity dandy
here we are again who knew this would
wear you out
freestyle is hard it's up no offense
it's like doing a jumping jack it did
for exact it's like doing jumping jacks
just in definition gosh does that count
no how many my foot was on it yeah it
was on it
all
Andy's taking a nap yeah that was crazy
yes oh my gosh see fairly easy to score
he did that like forth try get out of
here I came up with nothing I barely
kicked about a half caspere was like
barely a thing so I'm sorry I did a
super sloppy let my foot touch but I am
gonna give you guys a chance to win two
decks right now so I'm gonna drive home
I'm gonna get a drink on the way cuz I'm
dying of thirst and I'm gonna tell you
guys how do we into deck so cut to next
shot right now okay I am home I'm shower
that's what my hair looks up slightly
showered that was exhausting I haven't
been this sore and just kind of beaten
to the bone in a long time although
that's a is that a term is that a phrase
beating to the bone either way I was a
little tired when I started doing that
but my gosh I don't do free song enough
because apparently it really wears you
out
so I'm exhausted but first off I'm very
very sorry I forgot to announce winners
a couple weeks ago of for the the
complete deck giveaway I'm gonna do that
right now I haven't written on this and
then I'm gonna tell you how to win some
decks right here in this video the to
shirt winners that comments I want that
Coheed is Shane summer and brixi boy
congratulations you guys look at your
DMS oh I messaged you about retrieving
these claiming these prizes if you may
then the winner of the complete on the
Instagram on coedes Instagram was Gabe
dot party pillow okay congratulations
thank you guys for entering I will keep
doing giveaways don't worry don't get
too upset I will have more stuff to give
away so I've got you covered okay right
now let them literally giving away stuff
right now I'm going to give away two
decks over a Beretta no vex channel Bret
does a lot of reselling he doesn't do a
lot of like the kickflip Casper type
stuff
I was trying but he doesn't a lot of
really really good stuff you seen my
videos you know so much when do a little
video helping him out hyping his channel
up it's really good he has a lot of
beautiful content he is an artist yeah
go over to his channel the healings
right down there or at the end of this
video subscribe to his channel if you
already or not and then find his video
that he put up up Doug Nessa tells he
just did a short side with them the
video goes up sometime today so if it's
not there right now then check back
later today and just simply comment one
comments per person please if I see you
spamming I won't pick you and then just
type why you want to win a deck and that
is it and you're entered to win if
you're younger than 18 make sure your
parents are doing this you can win
anywhere in the world so that's it if
you didn't understand what I just said
go right down there but it's pretty
simple really
make sure you subscribe to Brett's
channel and then comment why you want to
win one of the decks on the short sided
video he posted of Doug and I will
hopefully pick the winners in like a
week or so I might I don't know where
I'm gonna announce it I'll probably be
in YouTube video but we'll see but yeah
good luck to everybody thank us for
bearing with my horrible freestyle
skills I have to work on those we go to
another video with me performing more
admirably that is it I look like I'm
sweaty I'm just so Sun beatin okay
there's there's another phrase for you
I've been Sun beating okay the Sun kick
the crap out of me today somebody go
guys I will see you guys tomorrow cuz I
do daily videos and that is it here's my
sticky note
oh you know what good luck to everybody
- I hope you guys win the boards here is
a Reese's Cup just for you okay if this
is Willy Wonka remembered Willy Wonka
that reach through the screen and
grabbed it okay come on do it see if you
have that TV you're not doing it I'm
taking it
