oh my gosh there's not snow on the
ground whatever look so I look like pale
I'm with Brett Novak and he's just
telling me about a nerdy camera things
yeah we're in Las Vegas I needed a
street skateboard so bad I took two days
and I'm here in Vegas and I'm gonna get
some content hope I get a trick for my
next is ego part where she could come
out in like two years PI high five I'm
gonna edit up for a second on my
computer and then we get some lunch then
we're gonna meet up with ninja and
skateboard let's do this I swear I'm not
this pale in her life
maybe I am I don't know it turns out
you're a total liar what why no snow on
the mountains no cat man oh yeah we're
gonna have brand new boards when I go on
these trips but it's a little dusty you
know why I've had this one round a year
I may be honestly I'm going to touch all
of them and here we have a big rock
I felt doing a nose doll I have a
skateboard coma yeah so Johnny Depp
taught my grandma how to juggle
then just bright out here literally in
the shade it's bright out there though
here it is you want me to do tricks on
this I've done like I've probably a few
tricks but I've only done one trick that
I'm proud of and the last time I was on
it I didn't want to get back on it ever
again because it's hard to skate it's so
I'm guessing that means don't go there
it's so soggy she's off me oh we lost
this nail screw
I know YouTube I like that you even drop
in like a cowboy never skating that
again that is a dangerous man room you
should see what ninja does on that
that's not even right he does but ninja
does good tricks on it I'm gonna drive
now
my grandma ended up hiring him in the
circus oh we're at a park that I've
never been to and no one's here you're
right sometimes I'd say things I don't
know how I say them and when I say them
how they sound that's how they sounded
you say I really don't know Wabble this
is nice dude I'm gonna grind that
rollercoaster whoa
that was not that was you right house is
there's no way Brett would have thrown a
water bottle we're doing the roll cursor
grind right now we're talking about
cereal before you try trick thank you
for filming now I won't waste your time
and I'll film you guys that's like an
actual trick I'm a skateboard Brett do
some of your wizardry we are totally
gonna go to a street spot too but I'm
gonna film him you were doing some thing
where you did a thing you want do that
thing just do the thing Brett Novak
whoa that was neat he didn't land it but
was neat Oh Oh Dalian I couldn't do that
I really could oh you're about to be
better than you're trying
oh you did it both ways Oh
how many Clips ended with me going oh
that was the cool I think that was my
favorite trick I've ever like ever seen
no I mean you've done better tricks but
you just do it you did a super good man
Oh Captain Planet harvester I said
really Sanchez to be proud I think what
do you put bait hook well it's not you I
know it I don't mean say wow one I just
pressed the red button and he just
nailed that I'm gonna film this
uncomfortably close handshake no high
five no I'm a little sweaty I'm sorry
how are you I'm well how are you I'm
well now that you're well literally see
YouTube look there's the URL there's a
oh that was perfect that's good
back-to-back oh my gosh
Oh super gonna do I'm happy with it also
house awesome I don't go to a street spy
yeah you're gonna be look I'm squinting
as if I'm staring into the Sun and it's
behind behind the ledge go back to your
home skateboard well you can get in the
glove box for saying
if you go like this I think that will go
faster that's why I won't pump gas with
Brad Pitt how much this definitely
surprised me this is a lot wider than I
remember
it's a lengthy front poured I'm gonna go
for it three tries you got it alright
gonna have it in three tries
Hey Dude watch this truck I got that
banana peel and Mario at the end of that
legitimately sack the ledge except that
didn't actually get sack I'm gonna hide
you have a shrink that could be that
could mean anything but I'm gonna jump
on a pity this is a weird grind ledge
man got airplane legs man all right so
I'm gonna preserve my energy cuz I got a
full day tomorrow to skate and try to
get something for my part and I have
like airplane legs so I'm just gonna go
through some comments and I can't find
my phone and reply to some of your guys
comments okay so I'm gonna go through
this video this is from like a week ago
this is totally not safe it's like a
little oh stop making noise it's a
little warehouse video I did with Alex
being and the guys it was fun I'm just
gonna reply to their comments I
appreciate all you guys watching my
videos and leaving comments
there's get kids there's a kid skating
my skateboard okay
I think they're just messing around
supreme gamer says will you ever do a
board giveaway and yeah I've used to do
them all the time but like I just when I
start doing them like it was the way
YouTube works now it's a little harder
and more difficult and a lot of times I
would contact people send them a direct
message and they would never respond so
it got complicated Instagram is way
easier to do giveaways but yeah for sure
we'll do more board giveaways just stay
tuned
but duly noted I shouldn't try to do
more giveaways and I want it's mentally
I recorded it in here so James Patrick
Santiago says can you invite Tony Hawk
honest red quarters and I feel like Tony
Hawk we didn't invite him himself if he
wanted to come so yeah sure
turn you on if you woke up skating
strikers could come skating straight
quarters I met him one time he was super
nice Jaden Johnson says you are awesome
thank you you're pretty awesome to Kaden
the saner dog o3 says great video Andy
thank you it would be great he'd get
ahold of Jace Johansson for a Wednesday
and yeah that would be super cool
watching yeah he would be down too he's
in the knew where else one or the knew
we are avenged DVD like I've season one
so there's new J's footage in that if
you want to see new J's footage it's on
the dargah online shop which is in the
info okay now I can't even see my
skateboard did those kids skate off of
my board I'm all about people skating
like if little kids want to mess around
my board as long as they're not gonna
hurt themselves I'm cool but you never
know when someone's gonna take it you
don't know people did you you didn't see
okay he would have said something look
at this can you see it I think there's a
rub off but if it doesn't that's what I
gotta look at when I'm skating tricks
this is what you get for just letting
just being a nice guy on letting kids
play with your skateboard it's more
funny than this bad thundering it's
pretty ruined did you see those kids
playing with my board
they wrote poop on it can I interrupt
you imma let you finish
there's what's gonna there's kids
playing with my board over there and
they wrote poop on my skateboard I'm
talking to my old high school teacher
Melanie are you really are you really
that's amazing well if that is not the
perfect end to a YouTube video I don't
know what is this is my first day in
Vegas I'm gonna do at least one more so
you've probably come out tomorrow
because I don't really have much for
this weekend but thank you guys for
watching let this be a lesson to you to
watch people that have your skateboard
and if you want to see more videos from
me hit the subscribe button down below
and it'll sign you up it's free just
click Subscribe in your and you're there
and I would mean that mean a lot I love
making videos and I hope you guys
enjoyed this go out and skate boy if you
can and if you can't I don't know played
skate three I'm gonna try to gripe this
word poop off my skateboard now
so I just ended the video filmed
somebody else for 20 minutes left my
board here and it happened again which
is my fault
believe this like I thought I was gonna
go to get it off now it's like this is
like literally grinded my griptape away
I thought it was funny at first but now
like this board actually might be ruined
like the grip tape might be done two
lessons here don't be a rude person and
ruin someone's all stuff - don't leave
your skateboard unattended yet twice so
I'm actually done with this video I'm
gonna end on a positive note I'm gonna
say cereal dude Golden Grahams going Ram
is great I don't end this on a positive
note I'm trying to end on a positive
note they did it again I'm gonna it's
like grinded the down I'm like you're
finished with poop on your board oh my
gosh there thank you that's the positive
note your light heartedness that was
weird
this normal is this just how kids are in
Vegas is this just how kids are in Vegas
yeah I actually there were kids the
second time they literally ran I was
gonna I was gonna actually yell at them
