oh my gosh this is a dream come true
this video is about a dream come true my
skateboard company revived skateboards
in my wheel company force Wheels is in a
video game this is totally something you
dream about growing up you know I'm
sitting there playing Mario or Final
Fantasy or something to be like it'd be
cool if one day I was in the video game
maybe I'm not in a video game but my
company is and it's just surreal and had
a famous video tell you guys all about
it do you want to point out that I am
exactly the same shades of colors as
this couch is it probably I guess every
single time I've sat on it but I've just
now noticed it that I could be a
chameleon on this thing alright but to
get to it revived skateboards has
partnered with the skater app okay the
skater app is hands-down the best video
game that you can get on iOS or Android
it basically just want to make this
video announcing it and kind of
reviewing the game I really like the
game I'm not going to say too much
negative about it at all it's really
really good it's like one of the only
games I've ever found myself continually
playing after I've already done
everything in the game so first off the
game has a lot of famous spots most of
them that I've been to let me see if
there's any I don't think there's one
that I haven't been to on a Mac but I
have been doing work east suicide Bendis
it has stoner Park announced Carlsbad as
the Woodward East Plaza as Hollywood
hide has the barracks has low Park has
Al Toro and Mac pub and I've been to all
of those except MACPA and the Woodward's
East Plaza but it's awesome one because
I've been to these spots been watching
them my entire life really really cool
the best part is act is definitely the
mechanics so what happens is that like
you know you use I use two fingers
personally one to pop one to use my
front foot to flick around and stuff and
then you get used to it within a good 10
minutes you can do a lot of stuff you
can do manuals you do combos the
handrail the one turning curve but
everything all that is really fun
because it's difficult at first and you
get better and better and better to push
you're gonna do just like you do on a
normal board is set your foot down
beside it and push against the concrete
does to slow down you're just gonna hold
your foot down just like you do one a
normal board like it is simple it
doesn't try to be more over complicated
than it is it has a really cool function
where you just place markers and you're
able to double tap the screen and go
back because that is one of the biggest
things that a skateboard games need is a
quick retry button because it's really
frustrating when you're sucking at
something and you've got to like skate
back to where you are to try it again
that's the
greatest thing in the world use double
tap and boom you can try it again
turning on the game is really easy you
just kind of touch the side of the board
that you want to skate too much like a
real board you know you just kind of
lean the board and it'll go the
direction you want for fakie and nollie
you know you just tap the front of the
board and it doesn't it does that trick
instead of the regular ollie from the
back you can't get off your board and
walk but that is completely fine because
of the start marker you know it is
double tap or start marker the only
thing that has ever been weird with me
and this is my own fault is that I've
hit mate I've created a start marker at
the bottom of a set of stairs and I've
had to like grind my way back up to the
top just start it which isn't that hard
but it takes a second to do that the
mechanics are really really good this
isn't a super unrealistic game where
you're going to be doing like 10,000
flips off of a skyscraper into a quarter
pipe on the bottom of the ground you
just have your skate spots and you can
skate them you can do crazy ridiculous
things that eventually when I got done
doing all the normal tricks I totally
started doing like the most ridiculous
tricks I could do I want to hand rails
and stuff and it's fun but it's never is
not like - while you're not gonna be
doing absolutely inhuman things on your
skateboard the demo has the revived
skateboards we have two decks right now
and I think we're going to release
another one down the road as force wheel
it has an grip it has Ryan trucks on it
and then it has a bunch of other brands
you know I'm of course skating s shoes
in the game it's just really really cool
it's an honor to be on this application
it's the best skate game has ever been
dropped for a phone it's the one that I
want to keep playing it's just really
really cool I'm hyped another thing is
that it's really easy to save your
footage you can save your footage in the
game it goes straight to your phone and
then you can post it on Instagram it's
really really fun real real easy it is
the perfect application slash game for
your skateboarding on your phone like
it's so easy to just play it share it
it's really really cool and then there's
in the game there's challenges for every
single spot so you go there and you have
to create your own footage there and
then you're gonna have to try to match
some other footage that's been created
by other users and it's a lot of fun it
took me a second to actually go through
them all
I found myself playing for like an hour
at a time I'm like my gosh I just spent
an hour on my phone playing this game
that's when you notice something's
really really good also you can play
skate
in the game of courtly no like why
wouldn't that be a feature it is an
awesome feature and it's a lot of fun it
keeps you playing you can put into your
music into the game whatever on your
phone will play in the game which is
awesome and then there's a built-in
trick book so you can kind of mark off
all the tricks that you're mastering as
you go it's really cool it's a really
well-rounded game so if you guys want to
check this out there'll be a link at the
end of this to take you to the site all
you do is put your number in and it'll
give you a link to download the game if
you don't want to click the link at the
video there's one right down the info or
you can click it right now check it out
it's a really really fun game it feels
the most natural of any game and the
replay value is insane we have a lot of
cool things happening with this - we're
going to be doing some contests I'll be
posting footage on my Instagram and on
here there's more videos coming from it
but I'm really excited to be working
with these dudes and it's like I said
it's the honor to be in the game I'm
psyched I'm a kid at Christmas with this
but that is it guys I hope you don't get
one last thank you - skater app for
including us in on this we're really
hyped to be working with them and get to
it guys they'll be links right down
there at the end I do daily videos so
I'll be back tomorrow with some more
content that is it I'm going to go
skateboard in real life over there and
just so I don't forget I'm gonna remind
myself to do a trick Siri remind me to
do a three flip crea Greg whatever
hey Siri remind me in 100 years to die
because I'm probably overdue okay I'll
remind you
May 21st 2016 die because I'm probably
overdue she's got my back Sears got my
back
you
