so you did a three flip on the top of
this figure nothing I did I want to get
up there with you actually I'd like to
be on the bank about yeah is it scary
this is terrifying you did this was it
scary I got a big family I'm slipping
I'm slipping
no let me I'm just taking a long lens
hold on your Leonardo DiCaprio okay now
get down you're scaring me
gosh that's intense I was amazing
you
I know I hit my trick definitely not
good enough to use Brian got a really
cool photos that's a bummer because I
mean if it wasn't good enough to use for
my part I don't necessarily want to use
the photo so we'll see maybe I'll see
the photo one day but I hopefully did
not make myself too sore to skate
tomorrow because we have a whole day
tomorrow in this game so I'm probably
gonna be filming everybody else Carlos
had to dip which is unfortunate because
he kills and I would love to film more
of him right now we're gonna get food
though my legs suck I'm too hungry as
guy in the whole world right now and boy
I got Sun look at my face think
everything look at that look at that
taco plays Brian gosh she's gonna be
exactly what we need
it's not easy to walk I know you got to
get that one welcome home Brian is there
tux food just meat plate of meat well
bro gee I do dude we're trying to find a
place to skateboard out there going to
something like Rainbow Road Road ledge
is that called that just I looked at it
I was like kind of reminds me of Rainbow
Road how does an awesome x-man add up
there yeah there it is look at that look
so far away in the debt in the fish
right through the trees there's the
trees there's the apocalypse there's the
trees and apocalypse trees I'm gonna
like sit with a camera it sucks to move
right oh thank you Brian
Doug you're probably gonna destroy this
thing you're good at ledge boarding
you could have kept going oh good on oh
look what you got sorry
I'm not mad what I had one I sold it to
Cody and he did great things though we
made our video and now we're gonna make
the second one and project taco project
taco we just had tacos get a now we're
filming for project whoa you guys have
brains and are using them oh hey hey do
a push-up you did it good job and
there's a camera Oh what do we have over
here a trick what just happened you okay
jeez yeah like I thought you were done
falling like here and then all sudden
you were over here so good dude
but before that I kicked you know I just
kicked Brian felt really dumb kicking in
the butt too sure like the side of my
foot felt it I didn't like it oh I mean
oh so you bands messed up is another
man's yeah use your video that's true my
dude now you get a real high five Wow I
mean it hit it he was trying to go back
to no slide I did so quick I got it
again it looks smooth oh my gosh it is
second try
well you don't you don't suck at that
that was way better Doug dude it was
quick when you was solid like you were
in how did you feel with this session
was awesome we killed it Cody
yeah you and I lost I filmed we were
wearing a uniform today so we're film
we're in the film you yeah you're kind
of looking like me well that was a fun
session
my body's loosening up a little tomorrow
I'll just skate so hard that's just the
next dance floor but I didn't jump down
anything so this is a dork shot so
here's the hoping that I can actually do
some tricks and here's a pole right here
a pillar this is a pillar here's another
pillar Brian Cody Smith gave me some
Funyuns oh darn it yes wow that happened
he's the force to do that I've very slow
force working on it though so I was
talking to Nigel on the phone and then
Brian decided to get a ticket from the
automated things for Julianne Amy that
sucks
yep that mean you've heard this story
but one time they sent a picture of the
guy speeding a guy sent him a picture of
cash and then they sent him a picture of
handcuffs I like that guy I really like
that guy Jonny dad not the karlon I
thought you're gonna drive Wow one day
bright names this was actually two
episodes so far really yep so alright
guys I'm gonna do some editing grab a
bite to eat stuff that you're not gonna
be there for in this video we'll
continue tomorrow so it's gonna snap and
I'm gonna be a different man should snap
now snapped oh yeah yeah now remember to
do that tomorrow we'll we'll see what
happens then boom it's the next day and
the trunk is over the cars beep again
you can't just press a button and make
it click I mean it's like an automated
door there's matter we're gonna get
tacos for breakfast for lunch we're
gonna call it and then we're gonna get
coffee and then we're gonna meet up with
people and go skateboard it's the order
of operation and I've got to text a lot
of people figuring this all out it sucks
being the director of the trip sometimes
sucks been the driver of the church
sometimes you know we're pinches that's
just like right that way so it wasn't a
pen it was an earth one they're
wonderful pinches tacos
that was really tasty it was the best
talk overhead yeah he's apparently been
ordering the wrong taco good in there so
you don't really order the wrong taco
but they have a really good crispy taco
that's you just kind of it's you just
put it in your face and you chew and
then it tastes good use a gating store
you have the pin though just in case you
get lost right no I want the one it's
gonna work yeah you went to a gas
station they didn't work yeah we got you
man
I'm gonna follow you to the gas news
really gas station guys we got a highway
remember that one time I had these and
you guys just ate them yep
Wow this is the coolest looking skate
spot ever okay so this is the coolest
skate spot we've seen in a long time
this is awesome it's got a bunch of DIY
stuff and the trick I was trying
yesterday this is perfect for me to try
to clean up here so you'll see some
clips for you guys but hopefully I hid
this from my video part and then I just
have it in the bag we'll see
good kidding I did it I forget hit my
trick I want to thank this dude he
didn't give up on me did you see that
did you see that thank you
this is the coolest case spot ever right
let's leave absolutely
but before carrying that round oh thank
you
goodbye coolest-looking skates upon the
world very fun one - Thank You Nigel
drunk oh don't tell Alamo so I drew the
line when she punched her grandpa all
right we're at one of the prettier spots
in LA I love this place it's not pretty
right now it's not pretty right now but
it is it's really cool
and it's really windy it's kind of cold
for California it's chilly I'm not
chilly enough to where I would put a
hoodie on like Bryan Ames right here is
a random roaming Nigel
it's a beautiful place to skate to look
at a view and just stretch your leg and
just like that I'm home
California was an awesome time after
what you just saw happened the last day
I pretty much just had business stuff to
do to go to the we had like an industry
summit to attend which was just business
boring so but I'm back home and that is
amazing because I get to hang out with
this guy I missed you so much when I was
away buddy I love you and I am like
Mayor lunch I'm bout to leave but before
I go hold on watch this ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha when I was in LA I met up with
hunter and Buster O'Shea which they did
the happy meeting videos they're the
brains and the owners behind sometimes
skateboards and Hunter just gave me some
of the new software hardware right here
it's really cool it's one is the best
name for a hardware company ever but I'm
excited to try a pair
thank you very much Hunter you might
actually see this on the Shrek quarters
comm because we want to start carrying
some of their stuff so watch out for it
in the meantime I'm gonna put this on my
skateboard
I got an Apple watch recently and Cody
whit is talking to me sorry Cody whit
I'm gonna read that after this video but
that's it guys hope you guys liked this
vlog is owed I'll be back you know I do
videos every single day and then I think
I do attain a life here soon so watch
out for that but either way I got more
videos coming all the time ridin you
wanna come say goodbye to YouTube
we're gonna call on my up its Nigel it's
pretty Nigel Nigel what's up dude all
right sorry phone call done I am gonna
go and say we'll see you next time you
have food all over your face you have
like you literally have like blackberry
right there ok yeah you can see it right
there it's a cute face still though
isn't it it is that should not okay
we're gonna watch the Hotel Transylvania
2 Dexter's on the TV and you're not
watching that there bye I love you ok
all right it gets after about 8 kisses
it gets to be something a little more
than cute so we'll go goodbye
arrange simple habitable why the
youngers trunk is too sluggish barely
