we are here in wow it's beautiful I was
about to just joke around and everything
but all night yeah we should dude this
is a YouTube video though we're doing a
YouTube video we're a lone mountain here
Las Vegas John Hill was about to do
something on this double set and you
might see it you might not it might be
too good for YouTube it does so who
knows how do you like it it's okay this
pack right here is a little yeah weird
it preface is it dude
you need to do before it and then go
that way but that's better seating yeah
well yeah it sucks to be a good table
John Hill guys look at this shirt it's
like a nice shirt and he hasn't had it
kinda looks like a golfer today dude you
go go for a ride I know you use your
9-iron right there that was awesome got
Carlos in the house how you find you I
like your glasses
I don't even know if you have eyes back
there your eyes were three books are you
kidding me no good thank you okay so
John Hill blew it I'm pretty sure that's
the first time I've ever said that my
life because that's the first time has
happened sweetheart yes so we're gonna
skating this little edge Doug's gonna
skate it whoever skates it that's what's
happening
I had to change the tire to change the
light so you see it it's like whoa whoa
whoa my brown and one the urine you are
in like heaven right now dude Wow Doug
watch my wrist it sucks so I felt really
bad yesterday not really bad I felt
pretty bad yesterday that'll be in the
mid full-length video but it hurt my
wrist a lot 90 it sucks too high five oh
my gosh dude
be gentle be gentle that was real that
was really gentle man you're sensitive
you're a machine promise you tow dragged
yeah he absolute Oh Greg don't know how
I missed that that was a super toe drag
in my eyeballs I didn't see it you leg
drag but how is it bad cuz you pivoted
that a dude to drag the ground hey well
he did it yeah you laid the smackdown
dude so good this year I get gnarly what
am i yeah
ish okay all right you uh fell on
purpose filling for his own channel and
I thought it was very authentic good
good so we're gonna fall in purpose I
might do it was you falling on purpose
authentically I could do on purpose do
an accident okay yeah a pristine
oh my gosh that was really good dude
except the Sun the lighting is so
horrible bro I'm like in shock right now
I do this I do this this is what I'm
good at
yeah no I'm good man my body still here
hey you wanna do it heck no look at
that's worse is your face after the
intense agony in your eyes imagine if
you could fall like that if you felt
like this you would be dead you're
actually die you would break both your
legs and you'd be dead your chin would
break from the chin to the head what you
should get up all right yeah this is
such a good exercise though you are
getting a high five for acting like you
were eating it you do it I was amazing
acting
all right we're done with that spot now
we're gonna go grab some drinks and I'm
gonna give John Hill the question
treatment in the car right there
are you ready for the question treatment
yeah it's gonna wrap up this video once
I was my dog I'm gonna ask you questions
you just gotta answer them that's as
simple as that where we going him to me
I feel like that was the way out that we
skipped it yeah that was a good that was
the first question - nailed it what
question what answer was incorrect we
actually are going the wrong way
absolutely correct okay what would you
rather do you had to do you have to do
one of these you have to pick one mode
you rather do punch a cop or make out
with a dog make out with the dog yeah I
think that's gonna move
everyone's made out with a dog before
would you rather eat you know there's
this single American cheese things the
single American cheese yes okay so
probably the other one go ahead would
you eat 30 of those or pee on an
electric fence oh oh how fast not to eat
them is they consecutively I would eat
them cuz I think you can die from that
peeing on electric fence dude that would
that would be not fun at all the cheese
thing would I would avoid cheese period
for the rest of my life I don't like
cheese not if I ate that though it would
ruin cheese for you you will not touch
you in cheese it would definitely ruin
that cheese for you that's for sure
okay would you rather kick a cactus or
listen to nothing but the Dave Matthews
Band for the rest your life kick 100
cactuses 100 did yes I feel the same way
now definitely gets people to like Dave
Matthews of him they're just not my
thing definitely think it's cactuses
either yeah like I said yeah I wouldn't
want elephants like them yep you really
hate Dave Matthews I'm not a fan would
you rather go back to high school senior
senior ERA and go to school naked for a
day or take a bath and hot sauce for an
hour take a bath in how's this for an
hour that might mess you up dude might
mess what up my your Weiner your we yeah
that's how jalapenos are created that's
the worst thing what would you rather do
I think I would rather go to school
naked just because I would I'm a big
dude about facing my fears and that
would be a big fear that you need to
conquer yeah I need to I need to go to
school naked
what I'm saying alright that's it right
hope you guys dug this John that your
being in this episode of Mars awesome
his channel is right down there in the
info and I will see you tomorrow because
I do daily videos I need to get better
at falling
the metal net that a little better
