you killed ty again where else Wednesday
with a broom it's fun cause it's
you Lamar that's like literally the
worst way to die I have a water on let
me see it
catch it oh he's awake he's alive Loney
hey how's it going buddy I have
absolutely no idea what we're doing this
week so anything I do and Johnny has an
idea in his brain right now I talked to
him beforehand he was down
you sir are going to get naked no that's
the last thing you thought I was gonna
say isn't it that's the truth
all right Johnny's challenge is he has
to be Bryan Ames this week okay he's
gonna wear your clothes shoes are
questionable he can he can do our issues
I don't care but the clothes are gonna
go on his body and he has got to do 10
tricks within seven minutes 10 tricks in
seven minute 10 juries in seven minutes
no no no no no that would be horribly
boring thank you well the tricks he did
does he has to get a thumbs-up from ty
okay what are they gonna do on it like
all in the handrail or something no no a
whatever he wants we're gonna get we
like Johnny we're gonna go easy on him
we want uh we won't use suffer and if
you do that you get 20 bucks and then
you get that watermelon right there okay
and actually you know what I think 20
bucks is bogus I'm gonna throw an extra
$5 bill in but I just don't have in my
hand so it's not their $25.00 in a
bottle okay
Nevada melon that's good all right you
agree Ryan take your clothes off how you
feeling dad yeah what am I gonna wear
well you deal with the figure it out
Brent thank you see Ty's making himself
useful what are you doing Brian it's
like the worst where I'm gonna be naked
go get it go get a shirt you can get a
shirt remember the one time I had to sit
in the cold water in my boxers that
happened to me go
oh yeah into warm-up you can do whatever
you want right now you don't even have
to change your clothes whoa
here's my shirt
there's my shoes there's my hat shoes
this is gonna be okay yes you guys don't
have to do this right here literally a
bathroom right there you could use look
at you
so how does it feel to be in Brian's
clothes doesn't uneasy jokes to be
honest I felt like 10 you look so stupid
and touch the shirt what you says I
weren't 11 oh okay there's no way we
should not use seven minutes is way too
mean if you're wearing his shoes those
are huge oh my gosh oh my gosh
you have what do you like a fight did I
ask you a lot of a giant this is gonna
be a good episode yeah you're wearing my
shoes the whole time look buddy I'm
gonna give him eight minutes all right
he gets a bonus a minute for those shoes
warmed up are you ready to go you can
keep going you can warm up a little bit
you're gonna switch boards - that was
good why didn't I think of that look at
that
eight minutes to do ten tricks Ty's
doing something he is to give the
thumbs-up on the trick okay we're gonna
start off with good trade flip between
tricks or when we do it same thing if we
start to talking and communities long
I'm turning it on yeah commence skating
my shoes
this is so hard dude props for having
the moustache got you oh we should have
like bought a beard gotta feel with that
thumbs up oh box box times oh wow what's
happening resume even push
and second try that thumbs up seven
minutes use your tricks one minute you
have eight more tricks to do and you
have seven minutes to do them in have to
do ten tricks you had to do to know you
have eight more okay okay here your your
your fire
yummy how does something you totally
would have done - yeah I wouldn't know
me - don't do ties going super easy on
you Brian Geiger super I'm the way
that's how hard this is he's not going
easy on
oh really you did it first try no all
right what's what's your fourth string
and those many on the latch yeah okay
resume resume
they said my name in the middle of it
pretty good
he's got six minutes 15 seconds I
wouldn't though oh I get it I was like I
was waiting for your thumb to do
something for tricks done you have six
minutes to do six tricks what's the
hardest part of your ensemble right now
other than I guess your shoes right
shoes
is that it I'm almost losing my pants
like all the time backside 180 leg flip
Bank ooh there you go good one now that
is a trick Wow
here's five minutes in 25 seconds
I was good a little telltale touch it
was the he over still attachment like it
touch the ground I didn't
we get it what's the call Rita
all right 100% thumbs up Robert you got
five more tricks to do four minutes 21
seconds so what's your obstacle next
Brian Geiger no lie pop shuvit manual on
that yeah all right come on move my
beard again are you kidding thank you
they'll be amazing
oh my gosh I'm gonna do a first try
that took three tries three tries that's
good yeah I agree with him he is three
minutes and 35 seconds back tail is 3
that's a trick yeah I'm gonna film this
like a 1998 skate video good Calum's up
it seems good three minutes five seconds
do three tricks I think what do you do
Smith grinds on the pork pie
alright turn the AC
yes tumors and 45 get lollipop shop um
on this thing you want you up the stairs
or up the side I don't know no judging I
don't really care what you do stay for
the side okay I looked over and I
literally thought you were Brian afters
all of this filming I was like Oh
Brian's going over there
dude those shoes might not let them you
don't use it at work
one more more try I made 45 seconds to
do two tricks he's doing a finger flip
down the three sir over the watermelon
water Wow
how many dogs are you gonna buy next
month maybe one
he's down to one more trick does that
get thumbs-up yeah alright one more
trick Johnny where's Cody what's dollar
took 20 seconds right backward varial
heelflip up do you gyro get or however
you want to call this wow this is gonna
be easy useful yeah that was the shoes
fault Otis smack OH
49 seconds
you are beaten maybe Johnny take off my
pants
good job done it here you go there you
go and then Brian names number is 5 1 3
2 is absolutely my number call it I
thought I was gonna hit you in the head
and I was gonna be so proud of you
that's pretty good take off my pants
he doesn't have to do anything he
literally just like did the limbo line
of that what do you do those
you guys look ridiculous you guys look
ridiculous
the
