Ryden why is the wampa broke in half can
he be broken haha because he bees broke
in half
alright you fix them put them away here
from way riding Anthony do you know time
it is um hi
what kind of present time it's surprise
time okay you're gonna stand here right
or play here do what everyone keep bagel
company okay look at this cat look at
this cat keep bagel company and I'm
gonna go get something and we're gonna
open up a box and you don't know what
you're getting the idea alright this is
it this is it this is a big box you
ready right in keep your eyes shut
open them do you have any idea what this
is
don't squash it you don't even know
what's in there what if there was like
just a hundred delicate puppies in there
moving buck no they should not hear back
up with them we're gonna open this heart
we yeah get your hat for sure you got
your hat on show this show the camera
the Star Wars hat yeah
yeah okay alright so yeah we're gonna
unbox this we're gonna open it up and
see what it is before I explain what
this is all about okay do you know
what's in here no all right let's good
keys because that's where we open
everything with this is a super packaged
ribbon just pull it I think this is the
one time that I really do need a knight
to open this this is so much tape all
we're doing with it ah we're doing with
it they should really do this in gym
class this is intense
success it's so hard and now it's so big
kick it was so big tape and then of
course we have more box to open huh
I think money box it and back then them
pop pullet here just grab this flap and
just run away with it just run away run
away oh he fell and he's running away
he's running away right now
there you go this time Ryden
dunh dunh dunh dunh dunh look at what is
it red this is the ghostbusters
firehouse the one I grew up with this is
one of the cooler toys in my entire life
that I've ever seen all right so the
story behind this this is like I said
this is an old toy it's from like the
1980s as a really little dude I had it
and I loved it I was so into the
Ghostbusters growing up and then he
recently got into the Ghostbusters
that's pretty good so once he found out
about this he wanted it recently this
year we acted in a commercial together
again and I was like buddy if you put
your work in on this commercial I'll
totally get you the fire husk I'm a big
believer and if you want something you
work for it and he did the work on the
commercial so this is his payment if you
may there's some other stuff way that
we're gonna open it up I'm going to
clean it up because it's an old toy who
knows what has touched it and then we'll
just go over it and show you what it's
all about a really really cool toy and
the og ghostbusters are awesome
gently buddy gently okay think about it
yeah it does this is it all right um
I'm gonna clean it up I'm just gonna use
some slightly soapy water and paper
towel I don't want to spray chemicals on
it since it's an older toy but yeah I'm
just gonna go over and get all the
services this guy's gonna play in with
it so we need to make sure it's clean
that we'll talk about that later
okay so I scrubbed it all down ridin
Bonus Time okay we have more to open up
get over here
I got a set and it came with this what
is this right in the Ghostbusters card
you know it is called a TV folks I got
an ATV it is the ecto-1 right it smells
like the 1980s which isn't necessarily
bad it could smell worse that's for sure
got a hook that comes out wow this is in
really good condition everything works
on it this also needs to be cleaned
clearly it smells like the 80s coolest
thing about this is that it fits inside
the firehouse you can open up the doors
and roll it out it's awesome and then we
got one more package ridin what do you
think's in this guy you think the guys
are in here so you mean the Ghostbusters
yeah it is the girls so this set came
with the firehouse it came with the
ecto-1 and it came with the ghostbusters
all four of them we got ray we got Egon
Venkman yeah and we got Winston this is
kind of cool too because they have these
things where you squeeze their arms and
they're like oh look guys Winston scared
he saw Brian Eames there's Venkman oh
look look his hair comes up oh that's
pretty awesome they do not make toys as
cool as they used to be look at this ha
ha ha all right so we're gonna clean all
these up and then we're going to play
with it are you ready
what now there's a couple things missing
clearly one side of the door is there
and then the famous Ghostbuster sign is
there so that is why I ordered them
online right in this is a raccoon now
all right you don't want it yeah it is
so why'd you ask what it is if you knew
you wanna get a cold I will tickle you I
will tickle you I will tickle you oh
look at that
I want this outside my house do you want
this right and should we get one of
these and put it outside our house which
totally should there's this that looks
like gonna belong right there doesn't it
we put the red doors on our house to
brighten what is our dog doing right
here
this is probably the coolest moment you
want to do the honors
I clicked in is it in yep it's in let's
put the ecto-1 in it back it in make the
noise
like they're not closed doors nope yep
and then maybe ray up here okay see the
little things on there their feet they
can stand in places so he can stand
right here see and then he stay doesn't
move so they're up there you got we'll
be down here now Venkman we'll be up
here all right riding do you know it's
about to happen
push it
hey God how you doing how awesome is
that oh well why didn't you let him use
the thing he fell on his head look see
now now his heads broke ha ha ha you hit
his head - let's see if he works I don't
I don't work okay I'm gonna go get some
you stay right here look what we have
here who was this you have all the
Ghostbusters Slimer the ecto-1 and the
firehouse how do you feel buddy oh you
think you feel thank ya hey do you mean
thankful oh okay oh no I'm glad you like
it buddy
I love Yvonne I love you too so another
really cool thing about this is that you
stick I'm falling on the trampoline it
used to come with news like slime that
you'd put right here and it would drip
all the way down through the house okay
did you go supposed to be here and a
ghost would be right here and it would
slime and slowly seep down and if
somebody was standing right there it
would get them and it's really really
cool it's that would be 20 year old
slime so what we're gonna do is there's
a way to make your own and will
eventually make our own and it'll be a
really cool project so maybe we'll do a
video on that I don't know other thing I
want to point out is that all of this
has the original stickers in it the
brick stickers and whatnot it is a
really good condition set and I'm
psyched that we were able to grab one
because you know they're not the easiest
to find in good condition it's probably
my favorite toy of all time in my
I think this is the best way of all time
it was what I wanted most when I was a
kid and it's really cool to see my son
have his own and it's built really well
they built toys so much better in the
80s and 90s and this is a you know he's
gonna get some playtime out of it oh
he's drawn on behind the steering wheel
he's probably over here or as a ghost
driving and and slightly ahead I don't
think he's gonna fit we can put him
right here though there we go okay I
hope you guys dug this little unboxing
and talking about the the Ghostbusters
firehouse if you have never seen
Ghostbusters 1 & 2 go see it do you have
to go you can just sit down your couch
okay they've been out for a long time
they're really really funny and they're
really cool um it might be shocked if
you're used to seeing all the nice
special effects these days but it's it's
an awesome movie it's seriously really
cool so uh you like them right ridin
which is your favorite one or two um one
because I'm gonna get be good but the
Stay Puft bit to be the Stay Puft
Marshmallow Man
we totally knew this day Puft
Marshmallow right and you should do some
chores and earn the Stay Puft Marshall
man because it'd be weird if I got it to
play with me and myself okay may be bad
for the outro you want to do the dance
and then sing ghostbusters
dude dick bitter dick dude dude with a
SUP bit strange in your neighborhood
high-five
are you alright
what'd you do that hey I love you
and here we find a tale of a cat
attached to his butt tail good tale
kitty
you
