I got a box the box I'm gonna open it's
like it's one of the greatest things
ever came to me in a box I've got an I'm
so excited oh look at that presentation
looks amazing oh here is this is the
typhoon q500 4k drone I am so excited
I've never had a drone this is the
coolest thing I can't wait to get this
outside and a street spot yeah that's
gonna be like that's gonna be incredible
this is amazing alright let's do this
hit the moment of truth Brian woo all
right I think we're ready first flight
we gotta shut it off make it go oh my
gosh I was a cartoon I had never even
crossed my mind ever in my entire life
and I wonder if I'll ever be a cartoon
Fox show animations did this had no idea
he was doing this and it was just it was
amazing oh my gosh we watched it I kind
of felt bad because I was entertained by
it when you're like entertained by
something that you're and you're like
wait am I an idiot right now should I
not be should I not like this but I got
over that real fast and I really really
loved what he did he just took the audio
clips from our existing video and plug
it in and whoo I think I feel like we're
better cartoons than we are real people
like I'm just gonna put that out there I
don't know if that's an insult to me or
what but it's definitely complement to
foxholes work is so so good and he has
YouTube channel like so go check it out
they'll be a link right at the end of
this video and then right down there get
behind him it's all really really good
work he does and then just a super super
set I would love to do an entire cartoon
series of like you know everything we
got going on of revived but sadly
there's a lot of work that goes into
this which is even more reason for me to
say thank you to foxhole
and the fact that this just means a lot
because I knew like he took them a long
time and make it happen you might see
more of these in the future but it won't
be like a constant thing but that is it
make sure you check out foxhole and I
have no idea why I filmed this in
Dryden's playroom I was like I need to
film up talking part I might as well do
it next to my child's fake grill okay
that's it guys I'll see you guys
tomorrow cuz your daily videos uh but
mainly go check out foxhole there's a
Star Wars hat there it is
I gotta go pick that up now because I'm
a dad and I gotta be responsible
