like Brian why is it gloomy outside it's
because it's May and the the fog hasn't
burned off yet it's the cold air get hot
what hot are you serious right now yeah
Brett was talking about it's morning
maker agent and glue and brother anymore
I got new shoes and a new skateboard
this might be you know don't you have my
new escape words just doesn't any trucks
or wheels we're bears but new bearings
absolutely Harbor yeah
pervert no no no for did you park where
you have a big lions head because when
it's hot outside that's going to be and
lance's Brian head I had Portland you
think you rocked it before Lancet I
think saw me with it and then got his
we'll ask him why does California look
like Ohio right now the marine okay so
what is up guys I am in LA for a couple
days filming some random stuff we gotta
do some promo stuff for a partnership
that we're working I can't really talk
about it just yet I don't know if I can
talk about just yet but you can't talk
about it just yet okay it'll be cool
it'll be real soon that we talk we we
tell you what we're doing but I'm gonna
be filming and goofing around and
skating the whole time so hopefully you
get some tricks my video part it'll be
fun either way we got good people and uh
great skate spots the one thing I'm
trying to do is not over eat that is the
goal because I have been hosting people
in Cincinnati for weeks and then I went
straight into traveling mode so uh man I
just want to exercise and not eat but
I'm around so much good food it's really
really really really really gently cold
Matthew's burgers for dinner we're not
are you that what you really think we
are oh my gosh this is what I'm dealing
with 24/7 but right now we're going to
STONER Plaza and that sucks but yes
we're doing that I've been skating there
in a while I'm always here there once
actually but it's really slick so
hopefully it's not the worst place in
the world got you so you're just gonna
get cell phone clips yes cell phone
clips will be there for 30 minutes and
we were leaving immediately
excellent fine no we're not no fun there
there's no fun have you hear this we're
not having fun there this skateboard is
I'm on fun ski brains not about fun it's
about business and getting work done
people are gonna take that clip and it
just applies everything I know he
doesn't actually feel that way but I do
we got a truck man that was a bulldozer
hey what are you doing Oh looking good
guys I miss you so this is every morning
Brent look it's the marine layer it's
May and June we're not in refreshments
man we're getting videographers man
coconut water and a banana so far so
good
brian is going to screw this up for me
and of course it's gonna be your phone
not my fault that I put food into my
face but you would relish in the fact
that you took me to a place is tempting
you would just be relish you'd be
pickles never gamble against a rabbit
all right we're here soda bark hello
tree a lot of times when I have a new
board I feel like I'm skating a tech
deck Eric Kopecky we meet again dude Oh
a Johnny Depp that's what I call you in
my videos that was like been joined up
oh we were working on a film together
directed by Brett Novak starring Johnny
Depp there's Doug
there's Doug all right hey right names
whoa you're fallin
I was going dude
what's love this is not be jakers it's
not be jaegers this is a hockey rink a
bunch of dudes from society are here
that was Timmy from Arkansas yes you
guys know him Cody Smith drew crystals
Minh Johnny Depp whoa
okay looks like you had a big like magic
marker in your hand that's kind of what
it is it's a magic it is it's a magic
it's a magic muscle market you know the
pain it races yesterday's fail failures
yes pretty much John Hill is here what
up dude I'm doing sweaty yeah yeah you
are yeah these are a bunch of Cincinnati
dudes like he's in a hoodie yeah yeah I
actually met those guys yesterday at
West Chester oh yeah this is my picture
yeah good dudes yeah and he doesn't 500
side-on he'll be shocked is in town you
are - I know I'm excited what's that
dude yeah I can't get away from you I
know your face is always in front
whoo Cody Smith people Wow
stumbling up to filament when you did it
of course John does it first try Doug
that was perfect you are a good guy man
oh it's trust you about taxes Wow Turner
there's no length of rolling away that
you might not fall off I don't know what
how to say words geez Wow okay has he
missed anything yet oh my gosh Hey oh
wow
the first trick you've missed hi by the
way yeah all right you just having fun a
STONER skate plaza Santa Monica
these guys are out and you are doing
that very well John Hill we are Cody
oh my gosh sorry I didn't mean to say
that right away but I was just that
surprised that was the first try back
heel or let's back up up dude that was
me that perfect probably first try I
cursed him by saying that about fell
high-fiving me he's good dude it's
really good yeah you denied little that
thing alright there's hidden this now
and I want to skate Street more so I'm
probably not gonna skate much more here
you're not only gonna hurt a park so I'm
sure to film them for the rest of this
hey high-five yourself
I was so good
I was so smooth dude yeah what was that
I'm gonna redo your dude we that was
still bad Doug someone just died I think
so actually I heard a scream I don't see
a body but I think how's your squid
father by the way not doing so good
skate work right work skateboard Brian
was terrifying
Wow I got a bad angle you got a better
angle you'll see that angle on one
Instagram Instagram I'm really sore
oh you should get the the muscle
mutilator muscle
that's a wrap that was really fun it was
easy honestly I don't think anyone had a
real hard time with any of the tricks
that we needed to get done so we're here
for twice as long as I wanted to be but
yeah so now we just gotta get people to
go I'm just gonna the best way to do it
is to go to the car start the car and
then yeah well our spot manager Nigel is
skateboarding yeah I mean I mean trail
mix I mean trailers Doug yeah I'm not
Brian what do you want to shoot photos
up anything we romanika brian says
anything but a manual path dude you guys
have dominated my trail mix this is
yours regrets I'd like to take up an
dich rockland oh yeah guys have a name
now you're like the Godfather of all
spots I do know quite a few you know a
lot definitely about a lot of things
actually
what just happened Brian who literally
slipped on a banana peel and I almost
dropped my camera that was amazing you
are a cartoon character see you are
literally straight out of a cartoon do
you feel good about the day so far now
for it so far so far yes there's Doug
Brett the Sun is still on out dude would
you look at that plane Brian Circle boys
are already feeling sore I've done like
four tricks today you didn't well though
dude
this is made by anchor whoa it's a
generator dude look it's got freakin AC
power in it power your laptop I don't
understand how we didn't know about that
I know dude this is amazing the best USB
I'm going to contact I'm literally gonna
email anchor right now I want one make
me give me one I'm gonna make you one
make me I'm gonna just yeah like maybe
Tony Stark at a cave let's walk up this
dirt Hill done all right Johnny Depp is
a unique flat ground skateboarder yeah I
mean I don't know if yeah I just don't
like to do big things I like to stay
small
well that's you're just gonna stay on
the ground okay you might go up in the
air but you're gonna land right back
down on the ground and there you got it
careful for that the palm trees
my cap cake the path back would heal
everything
I don't yeah just do it I don't know
what it really was first try
wow that was good dude some Johnny got
your stuff right there you stuck in not
sucking well see you pop show up late
flip oh there you go oh my gosh half cab
late flip I was a little close that was
it right guys I'm gonna cut off this
vlog right here vlog aside whatever this
is called you know how I feel I think
you guys drink it out I'm going to go
try to shoot my video over there
hopefully that goes well and then I'll
probably just I'm gonna keep filming
this trip so you'll see more probably
more from this day in the next vlog is
owed but that's it step out step out to
pound deep out I'm done
ugly Doug Ethan Doug Stauffer Doug drew
Douglas no time hope you got Doug it I
like that I'd have that you can touch
the camera if you wanted oh my gosh I
wasn't that surprised because I've seen
you do that but that was good
usually I can even do with the cross but
I've seen that so many times they get
sick of it
it gets sick of it you get sick of it no
one wants that
