we were waiting for ninja now I'm
waiting for Bryan ninja I'm about to do
a top 5 with ninja with just me not even
ninja in this video ninja
Bryan let's go let me taste that
warehouse Tuesday
that's not where his deal have you ever
had this before it's Wednesday it's
literally Wednesday right what is it
it may seems like everything you don't
want to drink if they take it like any
boiled sugar water on the stove and
that's what it tastes like that doesn't
like carbonated syrup yes
seconds like carbonated cops are exactly
what it tastes like it's gross what is
that no but I can't want to climb on the
top and do the five questions it looks
horrifying I'll be amazing I was gonna
kill you yeah that is how you hear about
like a and it was jumping on top of a
big large piece of machinery and he dead
and he dead we use these when it's windy
but it's not windy today
these rocks are all about to kill you
and he did have a seat so just gets it
down the road have you ever camped
before no no top fives with you black
ninja youtube.com slash news live cells
your channel and people know you've been
in my videos okay so I just give you a
category to give me your top 5 things
and I'm gonna make it realistic because
you're making fun of me one time when I
did this with like Doug or something you
know the first category I want Brian
name is a bigot did you anyone say any
word right there let's start this again
for the first category want Brian name
is a bigot skate videos top 5 skate
videos I was just talking about this so
this will be really good oh so you're
excited for this series in any specific
order but medic mati sight-unseen
fantastic choices before misled you jump
on this wrong and wrong rather than read
wrong answers here that's wrong and
anyone want to suggest all the trans
world's this oh yeah yeah the reason I
don't wanna the storm storm was good why
because I wear white shoes I like the
storm because I have fat white shoes
skateboarding in the video is good
judgment much
Canton Russell dude that's all I gotta
say did he throw it all it's a great
video mislead you yeah well welcome to
hell
pretty sweet okay I should have just set
the supreme vide huh you did he started
he started off amazing oh here's one
that you're gonna love
top five colors top five colors green
blue green green blue green purple and
neon green is that even is that what any
of those things other than green waiting
firm to see blacks like this like no but
you don't like black tonight color it's
a shade yeah it's like a pigment singing
out of color you're like one of those
people who just tells people they're
wrong about things that I know I'm not
tomatoes not a vegetable it's a fruit
lobby like super wrong I said like you
could die from eating too many bananas
and then I was so wrong now you can you
can't you can't you definitely can you
could eat a million bananas and die okay
theoretically you I could kill a person
with bananas theoretically you can but
I'm on a banana it's like looking around
there's so many ways yeah you could
drown in a banana alright here's what I
asked everybody top five things to do
besides skateboarding okay I like to
barbecue I like to play pool with my
friends I like to play video games
specifically Mario 64 amazing that he
has a specific video game that counts
I played a lot of mario 64 more than any
it's a great game I like to drink beer
with my friends and do pull-ups believe
it was that that's one thing yeah like
but let's all get together and do these
things all together yes BBQ video yeah
sure but slash work out how many is it
for okay really should be five but keep
going
watching YouTube oh there we go top five
things about Brian Eames I really liked
his attic I like it too did I freaking
did exercises up there I liked his
bullet-riddled cat
I'm Potro cat Mike Kenneth surgery
yesterday he's not just going down his
side you know like his dog my daughter
rules Brody yeah I gave him that dog I
like his attention to detail when
cooking because he made dough last night
oh yeah
he will do he will do thinking about
food 24 hours in advance
Oh mess around I like that I'm mess
around with comes of food that's a great
food you make it right it's a good a
okay so addict I work at dog food what
else do you like about me I know you
guys want me to say beard no no please
do not say beard but I'm not saying be
here yeah don't I like that he's a
sports fan I like that he's not super
wrapped up in skating he has hobbies too
top five handrail skateboarders man I
can't think of him off the top of my
head
Jamie Thomas comes to mind because we
were just talking about misled Hey yeah
growing up the what it's like a chick a
guy who looks like a chick yes he's
always on king of the road and there's
like find a chick that looks like this
guy he does really big five of us well
no it's not Leo but Leo's on the list
now Leo Romero is a great man real
skater paul mac now is a great hand
right yes he is a good one David
Gravette oh here we go okay bigger bet
yeah he's good he's really all right for
it took us ten minutes to figure out the
Related Gravette sensation shake your
chocolates Lera Mehra pull back now
David Gravette and who else baby doesn't
skate the biggest handrails but I do
like to watch skate handrails is chris
haslam oh yeah all right there you go
there's five I enjoy the food you make
so I have to do top five foods then I
make a general top five foods oh all the
normal junk foods I like pizza I really
like Mexican food and Mexican food I
could go it's all the same thing because
they're vastly different right yeah I
like bar food
I like wings and burgers and stuff like
that okay and anything that's really
really spicy but not sweet that can't
stand like sweet and spicy
usually the wing place winking and they
would be like sweet and super spicy pork
flavor and I'd like no just take the
sweet out so any spicy foods and
anything cheesy so Scotland
top five fears oh hi bees just you know
what anything that flies against in you
which also Cody Witte has a huge fear of
yeah so just so you know insects of the
world when I'm in the ocean and I see
things went by me I get really scared
yes dude one time we saw like huge cuz I
were to the Caribbean you can see
everything and I went to like the
Atlantic and you could just see huge
movements I was like that better be a
walrus or something dude I was in Mexico
last month in the shit the the freaking
fish were like following us
yeah yeah but these you can see them and
I can't swim or be able to see them I
think you show big they are due and
you're in there like a snarling spiders
I don't like spiders but I'm not that
afraid of snakes
I think stakes are really cool their own
like breed of spider in the warehouse
they're gnarly
I've seen some weird spiders already I
fear one day that in my old age I become
so slow that I annoy people in the
crosswalk that would suck I know because
I hate all of you people that do that
how it's well you know what it's the
thing I don't care if you're old and
slow I got but it's when people like
just genuinely do not care yes but they
don't care if they're like in community
someone else because I'm always like oh
let me get out of your way you know to
be that person what happened to trotting
her oh yeah dude what happened to that
that was more of a dance but alright in
the last one I was totally just trying
to hit his hat off his head I was not
trying to slap him in the face
but I did I'm sorry Brian Eames I'm
sorry on the other hand I have gotten
hit in the face by Brian Eames before
I'm sorry it's alright we're good
my forehead will recover okay top five
ways to die being smacked in the face by
any strike one though favorite ways or
at least favorite ways or just mostest
tufting well yeah however you take it
top 5 ways like someone said something
really interesting to me the other day
they said they wanted to hang themselves
underwater they wanted to tie a rope
round that would be terrifying yeah
that's not funny at all that'd be
horrible and he was like it's like how
my side explain that one yeah quicksand
really interesting way to die wood
shopping played so much Mario and stuff
and seeing so many crazy movies Blazing
Saddles it's like oh no but it's also
like oh man like what a cool and poetic
way to die
Sam help me Mario yeah I used to always
have this argument with gonzo that
people always die skydiving if their
parachute doesn't open so early there's
been like five people in life whose
parachute didn't open and they lived
yeah heard some crazy yeah I'd like to
do that and live and then be bit by a
poisonous spider
yeah like the irony of it or like
something falls on this guy on you yeah
another guy yeah the parachute yeah it'd
be the worst all right one more lava
that'll be cool
lava have you probably wouldn't let me
my turned into oh you want to know
something interesting about lava and
knowing steel if your body hits it you
will probably explode dude that would be
an awesome way to die blow there was a
guy my growing up my buddy's father's
friend worse a GE okay and he
accidentally poured molten steel down
his boot okay
then his foot explode he put his boot in
a bucket of water and his foot did
explode see yep I watched a video of a
foundry someone dropped a bottled water
into it when I saw that yet is the water
in and I'm gonna go watch that video
yeah you have to look it up that's it
thank you good times you guys you guys
yeah if you guys liked the way this
guy's mouth moved he actually does a lot
of funny videos and skateboarding here
on YouTube the link will be down the end
of the video on the whites this way but
it is and then in the info below hey
leave your top 5 favorite things about
me in a comment oh wow you just opened
up a whole new world that's gonna be
good
yeah and bright names okay
we used to make people do the gap
heavier did you ever do the gap ninja
all you gotta do is jump this okay Tom
it took Thomas like seven tries yeah no
no it will fall you can get a running
start you can do whatever you want but
don't worry don't you're overanalyzing
this all you do is jump the gap but yeah
