you too but what is up guys so I this is
a video that is literally my first
instinct when I mess up talking on a
video let's try this again YouTube
what's up guys so I am having a crazy
week and I have to come up with a skate
video from my home and I got the idea to
talk about how skateboarding saved my
life it's not an extremely dramatic
story but it's still skateboarding
wasn't there when I was growing up I
would not be the person I am today and
I'm honestly afraid of who I would have
been and that's funny because when I
started skateboarding skateboarding was
looked down upon by the average person
and they thought it was the worst thing
in the world that I would only lead to
like a life of drugs I don't know if
people treated us like criminals
everywhere we went it was crazy and I'll
talk about that in a second but first
I'm gonna show you a huge batch of skate
footage from when I was growing up
skating a lot of this has been in
different videos along the course of my
channel but it hasn't been up here in a
long time and I think you're gonna dig
it so here's some classic footage of
some of the best times on skateboard
there's some sloppy tricks in there
there's me getting angry there's me
being happy there's just a ton of
footage so enjoy this and then let's
chat afterwards
ah
you
this is a very boring backdrop I am
sorry at least I could have put up a
poster boom there you go okay so
recently I actually featured some of my
best skateboarding ever from like just
the times I used to jump down rails and
gaps a lot more and this is kind of like
the leftovers like just tons of clips
that I just didn't have anything to do
with for those videos so here's this
video but yeah skateboarding it is
insane like skateboarding has taught me
so much in my life I started when I was
14 years old it was like the perfect
time and entered my life and it gave me
like a goal like like just to have
something to pour my heart and soul into
and make a goal and then when I reached
it there would always be another goal
and it just was so fascinating to me I
love building and creating and
skateboarding is like the embodiment of
that because it's like you're creating
and building yourself I got super mushy
but it really is true like you you're
like alright you start skating I'm gonna
learn how to ollie and you'll learn how
to ollie and then you realize what you
can do with that ollie like the
creativeness behind it it's just it's
out of this world there's nothing like
skateboarding so I fell in love and at
that moment it was like the time when
like all the kids around me starts like
party and just like kind of like go
crazy with life I don't know just people
have made some mistakes and I'm not
saying like one lifestyle is better than
the other but what skateboarding did for
me is that it focused me and I was
really afraid of getting out of control
cuz I felt like with my personality if I
would have got into like a certain
lifestyle I would have went way too far
in and then I wouldn't focus on anything
so instead of that I just skated I skate
with my friends and that's all we did
and it was it kind of taught me so much
because of the skateboarding it teaches
you how to fail and I talk about this a
lot but learning how to fail is like the
best thing you can learn in life because
it kind of makes you unbeatable I mean
it's a skateboard you're gonna blow like
five job interviews really got whatever
my whole try this five times this is
nothing guys I mean I it took me 13
years Len one skateboarding trick like
that's 13 years of failure and I finally
landed it and I was super happy but you
can take that and you can put it to
anything in life so escape rate is that
it helped me focus stay away from things
that would distract me in life and it
kind of just gave me it always gave me
like a light at the end of the tunnel if
that's not too cheesy to say radish
throwing what are you throwing down here
you threw a Lego what it doesn't look
like a paper airplane show YouTube that
is not a paper you're gonna give you a
paper air cut the eyeball all right here
dude look you got to make it look like
plane this is just like a paper
rectangle do you got him all about you
using your your imagination but I want
you to like look you see you get this
going yeah and then you fold it okay and
then you get this going look look a
little plane II this is such a random
interruption for this video now we fold
the wings over and now you've got your
standard paper airplane watch this came
right back at you go throw it down Sarah
from upstairs announcers your rule I
love you yeah I know I love you though
there we go suppose looking for no but
okay so skateboarding it literally can't
my life and it gave me something to work
at and pour my heart and soul onto and I
was I loved it so much that I was afraid
that if anything else distracted me from
that I would be I would just lose it and
I was so terrified of losing it and then
at the end of all this like when I start
going to college and stuff and I realize
this what it did for me and it kept me
focused it got me through some of the
toughest years of life you know like I'm
growing up is is terrible sometimes
relationships like kind of like breaking
your heart taping it back together and
then you realize the tape was more
heartbreak and you're like you used
heartbreak tape thank you
you realize a skateboarding will never
use heartbreak tape it will always be
there for you and I don't know this is
one of those things so what I say
skateboarding saved my life I really
mean it gave me something to get through
all of the stuff in life that is just
really tough and it ended up beat it
literally ended up being a career for me
which I can't even begin to think what I
would be doing if I didn't have
skateboarding pretty sure it would not
make me as happy as skateboarding does
so in that sense it really didn't save
my life because I could be doing
something I just
so it didn't like or didn't have passion
for but I'm not doing skateboarding I
don't know if I dived in this as much as
I like to but I hope that's a kind of
insightful like I said you know like
everyone has a different life some
things work some things don't escape
written for me it just gave me something
to shape myself and get me through some
of the toughest things up to this day
there's still here for me it's amazing
it's magical this is like a love letter
to skateboard I love skateboarding
that's it so if you guys enjoyed this
video and all the footage I just showed
you I will have a new video tomorrow I
mean this is a new video but like you
know new footage tomorrow I believe I
just got done filming in Las Vegas when
this went up so I will have some new
Street and outside of the warehouse and
snow that is Cincinnati so that's it
thank you guys for watching if you want
to see more from me I see videos here
all the time a lot of skateboarding a
lot of lifestyle stuff I just have fun
so there's a button right below the
video you just hit the words to
subscribe you click it and you're signed
up it's free and that's it if you can't
go out skateboard go do it and if you
don't skateboard and need one I have an
online skate shop is linked down there
or if you have a local shop go to that
you can always ask him to carry our
products so that's it dudes and dudettes
and people that abide by neither because
it's just an 18 you know why do I do it
if you don't got it I don't know time
talk about anymore all right Leonard's
you stayed for the bonus clip and I'm
about to show you probably the grossest
trick I have ever filmed in my life and
every time I watch it I kind of grossed
out at the same time I'm happy I'm like
you know what I'll own up to it I did it
I think I had fun doing it
whatever just watch the clip it's gross
