go yes go warehouse Wednesday bout it
finally did I've got a bag oh I have a
bag three bag I have no idea why your
voice is cracked I don't know for that
rightly forget high five me yeah we got
no Becky Dan get your here Daniel three
whoa what's ball so this week there's no
warming up that's gonna happen at all
yeah because freestyle you don't need to
warm up now let's go they just go see
the competition between the two of you
so you do have a team it's either gonna
be flat ground or on the bank you need
to do a trick
you guys didn't press him okay he's
gonna side the winner whoa I get around
the first one do get five points wins
the things that are in this bag I have
no idea what's in it so people don't
understand Brian Ames English is what
happens yeah you're going head to head
okay this is this face first this face
okay
and you guys got to impress this face
all right the first person to get five
points wins how you get a point is you
do a better trick than the other person
okay so if you go multiple rounds but it
can only be five okay if it's five one
person really sucks but if it's more
it's gonna be a good duel and I want to
see it all right I mean you know the
rules
yeah winner winner gets cut some mystery
back Hey Wow let's hold stuff in there
it is fun stuff yeah that's good look
Cody's right there he has no idea try to
hit him
even though didn't even know oh I'm
hanging in flat ground first yes
round one round walk collector somebody
kicked the ball it was him I feel like a
mobster right there like he just
immediately took care for me so think of
your tricks and who goes first Daniel
Daniel first dude do a trick dude I
really share how the parts but it's a
skateboard so you do different things
with it Super Cup hey Daniel I have a
flight to catch
disappointed yeah there it was alright
you saw what he did and your rebuttal
your rebuttal your rebuttal
when free styling goes wrong ok you saw
both tricks I don't know what either
tricks called no well no one does but I
made you feel like I'm an adult who
looks at skateboarding and they're like
yeah the one who spun a lot was the
harder one but then the kids like no one
was switch and then you're like what
switch me you dumb kid I like to Brett's
more rods more point
Brett Novak point okay okay okay now you
go first so he has a chance to screw you
over that's kind of my my strategy oh I
feel
all boys Wow first try I was very good I
was very good you pour your cereal bowl
case you don't have any milk did you see
that trick yeah
blaming whoa feel like that was pretty
Daniel wins because it's feet wet like
that yeah that was I liked how his one
foot came off and successfully landed
the track both first try point Daniel
randomly competition that one thing
that's all the winner has to kill the
other one who do I get to go to swiftly
you go first have you Milton the rock
rock rock rock'n'roll high school yeah
the rail oh man my boards all stabbing
me what you did yesterday stop oh wow
okay you saw that with your eyeballs
yeah yep the heat is on I feel there's a
lot of finger smashing in freestyle
oh okay okay I can see you going either
way
ah okay based on just cleanliness Brett
wins ready point to touch the ground
either zone I shall term I showered I
showered right two to one
round 4 o'clock Joe Daniel here's your
head on my hand your turn I'm sorry I'm
an idiot
Wow
order pizza cuz someone's hungry that
was good
that wasn't even a trick we didn't say
there were any rules to this my I like
that I like that I like that I like that
I like that I like that you got this
okay like here are some more rings yeah
terribly stop the number of reasons why
Daniel lost
number one it took too long number two
toe drag then again I can do Bret's
trick and I'm not a freestyling Daniel
loses bread three and now we move on to
the bank any balls Fargo or I was
thinking all right so near the bank
rivers Bank red 3 you were at one who
thinks gonna win
I'm voting Daniel I'm voting Brett I'm
impartial you're gonna win you know one
of us may win but in freestyle everybody
loses
that's good I like how freestylers
always are the worst haters on
themselves
it's our self-confidence freestyle isn't
free well free stuff and free all right
oh my gosh okay either going First Bank
let's go through this hey you would you
do any black liquors No
it's a decision when they fall that was
pretty small that was impressive you saw
that Oh Becky let's go he wants to show
you know this doesn't have free selling
they always laying things on accident oh
is that whoa okay he technically did his
wheel hit the concrete little
technically he didn't do any trick in
skateboarding but Brett's wins because
it's the closest to actual skateboarding
oh wow dude
I might have to disagree oh this is your
friend by the way you got anyways it's
not my friend four points you go first
next oh dang it's hard to catch like
that Wow ah hard to catch like this wow
that was really good right
Wow that was pretty good you saw that
hit somebody with that I have no clue
what he's trying to do to air walk with
no skill okay you guys want to get over
here for the judgement if you already
know what I already know at 1:00 I don't
know why my baby has to be a stuntman
period okay Hale walk 180 was the losing
trick oh okay cool
sorry wait all right I'm sorry that you
don't agree that you want but you did
win you did do very good okay you get a
consolation prize I just don't know what
it is yet she wanted you to have this
prize that's not just fantastic that's
AG ties you make scrambled egg you know
I'm glad I won you know what Daniel we
can share this price you get there
tonight an Amazon gift card it's bling I
feel like completely having a million
dollars I can write anything I feel like
you're opening up a Christmas gift right
now in fact
Daniel you get a Christmas gift as the
consolation prize Bryan would you like
to go up there and get it I sure this is
it this is buying here we go this is the
consolation prize wait to Daniel's for
he'll eat I got freestyle in your nails
whoa whoa yes a box I'll take the box
you get nothing
good day sir name the movie Star Trek
Brett Novak channel is at the end of
this video you can just click the link
and head over to it and then there both
of their channels they have channels are
down below and then this guy don't go to
his yes already don't like me
