YouTube what is up guys what like this
guy what's up guys today we are doing a
Q&A video but is not with me
who's with red oh yes him I post a
picture of this guy's face on Instagram
is really cute and I told you guys to
ask some questions
so I'm will get you a chair because
you're you're short aren't you I'm gonna
go through my phone I'm gonna ask your
questions and he's going to answer them
and it'll be fun we've done this before
you guys enjoyed it so we're doing it
again
right right right okay first question is
what is this Oh a half that's right
let's let's continue okay let me pull up
my Instagram is that what I sound like
when I get when I say it okay alright
there's a lot of comments well over 1200
oh you wanna give up you have to do 1200
comments you know not all of it
you guys are in for a 24-hour video it
would take for it would even longer it
takes so long to do it we're not doing
all the red writin will fro 12 asks do
you have a girlfriend no you don't know
well I thought what about Aubrey hey
your girlfriend yeah okay so he had a
change of heart
my name is you says what is your
favorite candy mmm chocolate just
chocolate in general okay not Matt a
Nymeyer who says what is your favorite
toy
he's looking around you don't know oh
yeah I have why you like the Ewok
village the Lego said that you want to
lose you walk like I said village Luke
Bickford 83 says what is your favorite
place to travel pala podium he did just
go to California for the first time he
was in his commercial watch out this
summer him and I are in a commercial or
gym buddy was it fun
de clon OBP says Luke or Han Solo which
one do you like better Oh Han Solo he's
pretty good in he is awesome
nigel Ritter HOF says what do you prefer
taking your dad or getting caked
yourself oh right there you like getting
caked yourself yeah you just got cakes
you got mega cake the other day didn't
you
no I don't like that no matter what you
know that's the story of my life but
it's rough being cake don't do that I
will get okay no side cakes arrived for
you anymore
yeah okay Thomas McCoy asks what is your
favorite skateboarding trick mmm I'm
jumping off the web I want your body oh
yeah I kind of rotted me up Jason Park
when you do that
I didn't know he would be proud
oh I 5 to that one or that or this I
love you over here right in here here's
a cat where you can you don't skate who
cares asks if you could get another
animal what would it be it would be a
later dog Oh a dog this tiny oh how it
was this too big when I did was this too
big no this big that's a small dog that
was a very small dog but put on your
Christmas list we'll see we can do a
clapper says can you sing the
Ghostbusters theme song there it is you
forgot like all the lyrics except
Ghostbusters dope with a something
strange in the neighborhood who are you
gonna call I heard that my deaf here
buddy Jeezy Pete's
no you say ghostbusters I would like to
point out that literally half of these
questions like 600 of these questions
are what is your favorite Star Wars
character we actually answer that in the
last Q&A I'm pretty sure so I'm sorry
we'll probably keep getting asked that
for all time but well let's just ask it
and see if you change his mind well
who's your favorite Star Wars character
I like it stormtroopers pretty sure that
was the same thing as lesson Dyess kate
says would you ever play soccer
hmm know what you want to play soccer
okay well we could go one play soccer
now I guess he's ba it's actually called
football everywhere else in the world in
the United States just like hey we'll
save a soccer do that make sense
hey Kayden says would you kiss Java the
hut for $100 nope he's mean yeah I can't
add the damn kid no because he's
speaking how did how did this I think I
forget was gone yeah but he had me I
don't wanna be food yeah sure if you
heard it from him himself right here he
doesn't want to do it Cody carnally says
do you want to get in the refrigerator
again yeah okay he does it's been a
while hasn't it yeah you got in most
fridge
no my you have a fridge at Mama's house
now to fridge he'll back down be used
Derek James zero zero says were you ever
a li your dad
golly over me would you ever do that if
you get all in would you ever do that
you know I might want that oh that's
nice you I would let you do it though if
you could only if you could do it that
later no you are the LOB I will how
about one day I'll I'll be over you and
then you all over me yeah he's not gonna
over me apparently Columba underscore
Tim says ridin if you had one superpower
what would it be and why
so if you had a superpower okay like
what it's a fly to walk through walls
laser Cyclops type thing going on you
know what would it be you don't want to
stick to the wall like Spiderman no like
P good not
did a wall who PP math 150 to walk PJ
mass yeah there's PJ masks
I have no idea we're talking about like
daddy L Cole okay there you go
spider-man also six dolls I just wanna
put that other reef duck B says favorite
dinosaur what is your favorite dinosaur
read thank you look t-rex there's a
impersonation perfectly he's gone he's
stomping away and he's back and it's
gone again trench crew except what is
the next thing you want to learn on the
skateboard what's the next trick you
learn learn um um all the I need boy
look what you did
so when you learn when you do learn the
ollie are you dolly over me now I'm the
only I think I'd rather you'd have you
all over me honestly whoa no yeah I am
no yeah no for the final question this
is very important writing Shawn Korman
says tacos or nachos which one ha go
that's the correct answer although
nachos are great to mix it up tacos
reigns right I think so yeah you want
say to YouTube by him look are you doing
what you do with them I am cool I go I
go
what but that is it guys thank you guys
for watching we have a blast making
these videos and we'll keep doing it I
hope you guys liked it did you enjoy
doing it you had a fun time yeah I had a
fun time
so we'll be at back you know I do videos
every single day and then he's in a
video at least once a week so tuning
guys and thank you and that's it
any last words writing I build it yeah
did you well that's a TIE fighter I'm
pretty sure it's in a video actually
yeah he looked like or and let me do all
these stuff gear up please
by
then I'll get little gifts you give him
a gift what what do you give him
uh uh my ear and now a life very odd yet
again
oh I think said your ear I was like
don't give jabba the hutt your ear I am
a gold he met I'm gold David he's a girl
t-rex alright this is this is you in a
whole different way that I thought was
gone
