yeah
too tight to kick them off right now
tighten up our bootstraps because this
video is done
alright guys so that was a handful of
footage that I do not think has hit
YouTube yet some of them has hit
Instagram a lot of it is just stuff on
other people's channels and I like to
have my content here to show you guys
that I've been skating so that's what
that is yeah I know you've seen me do a
lot of those tricks before but
especially with John like he just sets
his camera up and then sends me all the
tricks that I've landed so I'm like I
might as well show to you guys so I hope
you guys like that I'll start saving up
for another little throwaway batch like
this but I've been skating a lot lately
I've been filming for my video parts and
it's been going successful that comes
out later this year with the second
full-length revive video but yeah I will
keep doing videos every single day in
the meantime I hope you guys enjoyed
that thank you to everyone who filmed
Sam Tabor John Hill aye
I can't remember whoever I'm forgetting
thank you to wow that's it and I will
appropriately cut to John's awkward pace
and then the videos gonna end so I'll
see you guys tomorrow no again I'm
totally wearing a polo it's Mother's Day
I have to look like it's Mother's Day
okay this is what you look like when I'm
a mother day come Mother's Day comes
around you got to put on a shirt like
this I got the red don't freak out
John's face
