so Ryan Bracken made an actual carpet
board look at it you made this Thank You
front that surprised me it's not that
bad
actual card reporting this is it judge
right do a trick on your living room oh
I think of the big cathedral set stairs
the ones we checked out the other day
Casey I'm gonna freakin send you a pin
he texts me he bugs me we just talked
about it we just talked about it
Casey bechler dude that was a great
session on that flowers actually
originated as electronic is anyone gonna
Ollie it we we all hey we alia for
YouTube you can't this is very big
Johnny dude these 3 mm in landed yeah
we're done here
straight fake bra
dude is awesome so maybe that's you
think yeah I mean that's that's I stared
with things I think it's the best trick
get on that so yeah super-good sorry you
guys didn't get to see it whoa that was
smooth dude
I was really good Wow please get that
photo alright so here it is we're here
at this spot aren't you guys just
friends just kick my board wow I didn't
expect that there your board is gone
dude that was a oh and that is the most
normal trick I'll ever see Alex do all
right there yeah had to be fancy with it
didn't you sounded so mean right there I
was just kidding
you're an idiot plant
it was very good
who's this is saber leaving hey hey hey
you want to say that's the end of the
video oh you're taking brac II with you
yeah this pot I like more dude yeah but
what was it the guy over here Alex just
did a really good trick oh I'm sure you
did yeah
hey you should your driveway and hit my
camera no do it
oh yeah yeah
No
