huge skate days happening today where
medians red quarter is number going down
to the street skating all day
Sam festival just did a really good wall
ride and I want this to be the intro to
our skateboarding roll hey man he did a
kickflip over
that is how you begin a skate day best
old people
all right so we're done warming up we're
gonna go to the spot I think the first
spot is a gap which has Cody woods name
on it and I'm in the darkness right now
hello skateboard meet my hand the dude
talking dare when giving orders in a
sense like mon mothma do you know who my
mom is no you are a horrible Star Wars
family yeah hey what do you do down this
gap I'm gonna go down that's exact
answer that I wanted getting
refreshments getting videographers I
felt bad punching a Doug but it was like
I don't know it was like people would
die if I didn't you know this is a gap I
used to skate growing up I've thrown
some things down this guy would throw
all of them down plus some right now
it's a fun gap and it's awesome that
they're shade in the way that sucks the
little things on the ground kind of
something do they yeah you'd roll
through this dude Alex that gap over
there Alex stuck ollie on I'd went the
wrong way
yeah John a dramatic he slid to a stop
what is he gonna do Wow Johnny that
might be the quickest fall I've ever
seen in my life here have this he was
holding his grip in his hands in a blue
way and it stuck together I hope it was
on film
Sam Davers bigger than Judas setup he's
putting the board together haha dude I
already tweeted my mom a hug because
that was so good thanks man
I say things have done make sense that
was fun yeah that was super good yeah
well it blew into the dumpster and then
crumpled up it was well it's like
throwing it away like that nature just
threw it away for you all right you
landed perfect I don't know why he even
started rolling he was I know
oh my gosh dude how do you do that this
is one intense session this is amazing
all right close your door
you freaking you that was very good I
didn't have a shoe on and these these
sunglasses will not stay on my face at
all like they just fall dude Cody you
man everyone did really good but I think
you might have taken the cake like you
have cake right now okay yeah you've you
took it I had somebody else had it now
you have it you're getting good cell
phone shots are you shooting with your
DSLR yeah yeah did you get a distal or
shots I got a distant water shot let's
hit it
yeah you're going crazy big oh you
deserve some senators crunch which is
everyone should eat that that's amazing
is it locked oh I dunno
okay that he'll know it's the freaking
it's a it is a the female leader not a
little dude no it's not a little dude
she she's like she is in the trailer to
Robert one and I'm not I was like he has
an aged or anything she's in her own
Jedi remember she's like talking to Don
so she's like who's your team
he doesn't want to speak for you buddy
well I got my yeah that's my mom
