whoa I did not see that one coming at
all okay and I was the one filming him i
was first try I had no idea what he's
trying I thought he wasn't gonna do
nollie flip into the bank or something
or something because he was going a
little slow and I was like Johnny you're
crazy if you're gonna try flip trick
right now you're like way too early
you're not going fast and then the
Casper happened I was like oh I get it
and it was a surprise because Johnny
does really good Casper thingies extols
hello to go home it isn't all the time
and usually lanza or the very least he
just misses them and doesn't fall
rolling down a rugged bank and I said
rugged because the ground is super rough
okay and here in the Midwest you
typically don't have a smooth skate spot
they kind of make concrete to turn into
cheese graters over the years literally
like when Johnny was wrong down that
Bank it probably felt like he was making
out with shredder from Ninja Turtles
okay and have you ever seen anybody make
out with shredder at all ever no I
haven't I definitely have it hey there's
a reason why April O'Neil is on the good
guys side cake like a shredder evil
freaking shred you this is getting way
too weird but yeah totally surprised me
when Johnny fell down the bank I'm sure
didn't feel good but he you know he
laughed about he had the insights
realized that this was going to be a
fall Friday it's a full friday right
there ah one thing I didn't notice until
i was watching him before i filmed this
video is that he's making these weird
noises okay I don't know Johnny does
this all the time but it's like it's
like a ninja grunt okay in fact I don't
know if it sounds ninja II okay that's
that's the word that i'm using right now
but i like to think that was the first
indicate of mine he was like me maybe a
swiss ninja maybe swish ninja scrunch or
something to listen to this
weird okay and now it'll start paying
attention to Johnny I'm even get a look
at the tricks he doesn't might be like
hey man are you ninja grunting again
yeah you are that's that's weird Johnny
I go what worries me oh the other thing
is kind of weird that Johnny typically
doesn't fall like I kind of realized
this I think I've done one other fall
friday with him and watching him skate I
mean he lands a lot of tricks ok but he
also misses them but he typically
doesn't fall especially face first on a
bank you know their shoulder first
whatever whatever went first ok that tip
of it doesn't happen so sitting there
and I was like wait Johnny what are you
doing dude you're not me that's what I
do I like to fall down a bank and I roll
down the bank and be in pain that's
totally what I do but Johnny typically
doesn't do it was kind of weird seeing
him it was coming you know kind of made
me feel like he was a little more human
which gave me hope like maybe I can do
that kickflip for my video part public
am probably can't do it with that
mindset I feel like he should be like
kind of suckier at taking pain but he
wasn't you know he smiled and laughed
about and he was just ok didn't complain
at all which makes me think he went home
to his diary and wrote about it okay cuz
every skateboard has a diary I don't
know you know that it evenly of your
escape or do you think you don't you do
you do it during your sleep or something
you don't know about every skateboards
diary I'll read you mind for a sec okay
Monday dear diary I suck at skating
Tuesday screw heel flips Thursday why
can't I hard flip friday i love tacos
but I hate lipslides Sunday that's about
right that's pretty much it ok maybe I
can flew a lot about that part but
either way that's what entered my brain
that's what I talked about but yeah this
is Johnny he's been with me for the last
like three ish weeks lately and he has
put so many tricks down he is such a
talented skateboarder and I'm pretty
sure that was the only time that he
actually felt like he was gonna play
about his ankle or something literally
he got here is a guy don't nobody skate
my ankle or knee or something was weird
and then he skated that day and he did
very well alright so whatever negative
Johnny Geiger says don't believe them
okay because he's super talented here
are some footage to prove it
they're guys go hope you dug that like I
said clearly Johnny knows how to move
escape where around those are just the
clips that published recently he has
some really good footage dropping for
the revival you later this year so watch
out for that but in the meantime he's a
channel to be the end of this video and
then right down there in the info click
on check it out and like it and enjoy it
and then like it more and then really
just killing time at this point I would
like to say screw you Brian from getting
me the chips because now on my desk and
of course I eating them all right you're
lucky it's an off day on my diet this
back over here I was a little about
saying let's put Brian the hot seat sit
down okay come on sit down really its
attack down yeah somebody these are darn
delicious heard that yeah all right how
you feeling thank you Brian if you found
yourself cold naked and afraid on the
street at night what's the first thing
that you want to do play Johnny and a
game of skate okay well said
another thing is that Ronnie I'm not oh
yeah this is hereby alligator hand hey
hey hey hey hey another thing it was
kind of weird another thing that made me
think that of the thing to think or
could oh I just want to sit around a bit
floating why oh my gosh
