that's good put this can photograph hey
were you seeing like a Disney Princess
no you just did he brought out of that
YouTube what is up guys in this giveaway
time once again I'm going to tell you
the winners of last week's giveaway and
I'm gonna give away some other stuff
here last week's giveaway was for two
decks and then a pair of shoes of a so
many people answered thank you so much
for entering I'm sure as a site too but
the winner of the boards are the first
one is underscore the creative mind
underscore underscore congratulations
you win a skateboard and then the other
board winner is at LOL underscore no
underscore one underscore basically at
LOL no one is pretty much my saying so
congratulations you bored winners the
shoe winner is at lil Nate 19 there's
noticed we're in there too but
congratulations guys I dm'd you on
Instagram so check that and I will get
your stuff out you now this week you're
going to get a chance to win my last
complete skateboard okay it's still put
together I was going to give this way to
somebody at the park but it kind of sat
in my trunk and then John Hill destroyed
it he did a video where he skated this
board as a manual pad and I was like oh
you destroyed my old complete so I hid
annexed you destroyed the pop I was just
skating at the Pops really good and
despite how the grip tape looks it's
actually in pretty good condition and
the wheels and bearings and trucks feel
awesome so if anyone needs a board out
there hopefully this goes to somebody
who needs a complete skateboard but I'm
given this way along with some Coheed
gear and summer vibe gears so I have
some shirts from the last giveaway i did
with Coheed that is my favorite band
really cool graphics these are both
mediums okay see this and then that one
too they damned the best shirt ever I
really wish that they made red shirts
they do I wish they made some of these
graphics with red shirt so I could
actually wear them so maybe i'll bug the
band dude come on guys throw a freaking
red shirt we were to a bone here but now
you're going to win this as two ways
okay first and foremost before to win
any of my contest you have to be
subscribed to my channel so find that
subscribe button and click it and boom
you get notifications on what I'm giving
more stuff away and I do daily videos so
it's a I like to think that is fun and
enjoyable it last giveaway on Instagram
and part of this giveaway is going to be
on Instagram as well but part is going
to be here so how you do it here is you
one comment right down there say I want
that Coheed you can add on to the
comment after you've said that you want
to but that's what you got to say I want
that Coheed and then i will pick winners
within a week and give you the shirt
plus i'm going to throw in some revised
sunglasses each shirt guess one of those
these are mediums it's the only size I
have I'm sorry but that's it you're
entered here on YouTube only one comment
to please guys if I see you spamming it
i'm not going to pick you and how you
win the skateboard is you're going to go
onto co-heads instagram ok that's at
coheed and cambria you're going to
follow them all right you're gonna
freakin follow them all right that's
what you're gonna do and you're gonna
find this picture and only this picture
do not blow up all of their pictures
find this picture and and comment your
favorite coheed and cambria song that's
all you gotta say my favorite song is
boom and you're entered to win this and
I will hit you guys up like I say I'll
announce the winners next week it's as
simple as that guy so just reiterate for
the shirts I want that Coheed plus
whatever else you want to say in the
comment down below only one comment per
person and then Oliver on instagram @ @
coheed and cambria you're gonna follow
them and then you're going to find that
picture and you're going to comment what
your favorite Coheed song is and then
after that you can say whatever you want
but that's it 1 comment there as well um
that is hope you guys are psyched on
that and as always if you're yummy the
19 make sure your parents know you're
entering this and then you can win
anywhere in the world those are the
rules so good luck thank you guys for
watching my videos I hope you guys dig
these giveaways I'm gonna try to do more
of a more of them cuz i like giving back
to you guys the reason why I do all this
is so we're both happy with what's going
on here so I'm gonna go into shy course
and skateboard and actually no I'm not
gonna skip I'm gonna film John Hill
skateboard for you guys enjoyment and
then that's it and I will see you guys
tomorrow cuz you daily videos I got a
text message John Hill
he's that good oh my god
you got three seconds to me high five
three two one up he hasn't missed a
trick all right believe you I said first
when he flailed like a guy jump me out
of an airplane the wrong way good I no
stopping you from doing it Brian you're
putting up shirt your your aftershave or
your new shoes Wow what would not what
is with my friends well why would that
not count your friends asked about hug
yes money everybody's like my friends
must think my skating is horrible
because I'll just be happy Atlanta trick
laser flip into it I guess I should I
just try to laser for 32 inches try to
ladyboy program let's just see what
happens nothing no I mean worst case
scenario you land it i SAT laser flip
Kruger hide that was amazing he just
laser flip crooked grind to that what is
your final trick John Hill the final bow
what do you want yeah what do you mean
what do I ask you to what they want you
see we want they're always quiet this is
like blues blue back Smith thanks man
yeah cuz it grinds miss good I've always
to get enough fronting in psych and
equipment for
good
tell people good luck good luck guys out
there on the field of battle the wind
winds up leave that comment go to co
heats instagram and and then do whatever
you want with your day r honestly I'm
not ghetto bitch
Johnny it's bonus clip time what are you
gonna want you to do for you full kappa
waves okay sure well better luck next
time oh don't get here the bad you could
put it on oh my gosh I know like they're
gonna fall out boy video i probably have
this on tomorrow like Pharrell dude do I
really yeah I've always want to look
like
you
