what else wins that I got the crap
button I got a cup man that was fun come
on that's gone you forgot the prize
you forgot the prize the primer yeah
these are the press well yeah just a
it's a mystery bags a mystery bag well
you can open it up when we get over here
okay all right
Alexander good to see you buddy rat maze
like his last name Ryder maker Brad make
us a nice a fool though Alexander
radda maker no I got it yeah that's good
this one's gonna is coming from the
weird mind of Andy Schrock this week a
Johnny so to warm up to warm up you can
do two tricks doesn't matter what it is
it can be a kickflip it could be a
kickflip okay after that gives you ten
tricks in seven minutes okay every one
of those tricks you do I have to have a
hard time explaining what the heck you
just did no all right note Evernote the
thing is every trick you do he should
not be able to tell you what it is all
right which sounds hard but it's not it
might be easier than you think
yeah okay and then every time you land a
trick but you want to sit every time you
land a trick johnny has to tee off with
the tee ball at me at you oh okay
are you up to the challenge and then if
you sorry are you up for the challenge
yes cool if he wins what does he get I
don't know I removing the bad guy I
think it's Swiss chocolate
The Dude's chocolate it is the polar
opposite of Swiss shock horror opposite
it's Hershey's chocolate a lot of it oh
my gosh and the receipt for and a Target
gift card holy crap this is a good
surprise
yeah that's that's it how much is a gift
card with Ryan oh man this little weird
find much chocolate we have to buy more
chocolate there we go your Jenner all
right let's do this yeah let's do this
hey I'll just face why is it raining
I'm not going to crap out of the ball
like that ball is gone I was at the
rocks yeah that's right I just I just
kicked you kicked my leg yeah sorry I
suck at kicking stop
nice to meet you
nice to meet you nice to meet you there
you go okay friend nice to meet you
I do the face hey friend did Casey get
them the ball no it's the extra ball oh
good okay okay seal come back one day
all right what do you want what's the
old school you want to warm up 109 fat
man your bed all right do a 1080 1080
yeah whoo one Kody make coffee you're
helping Kody make coffee they did in
Connecticut with a can
I think you've warmed up I think I think
yeah that did take a while I didn't
think you would ever land those tricks
geez Johnny get over here Johnny he gets
to choose he can do whatever he wants he
just has to confuse your face also you
knew any one of the park I'm learning
with you here yeah I'm a lot fatter than
him are you ready to hit balls at him I
am okay I'm ready are you all right
what's your first trick it's gonna be
okay
no don't say what it is where where is
your first shoot good not bad
here's about to blow it all Dane is sooo
confused run so go weird and just tell
me where you're gonna you're going to do
it the bank I might cut a name what you
did after and I hope I like just
absolutely butcher whatever you tried to
do it's gonna be great yeah alright I
hope you hit him in the face
alright bang yeah start the calculator
Oh shouts toward the calculator what's
my role err dead look like you're French
you're rocking it hold on seven seven
this yeah and go calculator is rolling
okay that's like a like a belly Casper
to fakie belly all right wait is that is
that the right answer is in a belly
Casper to fakie unfortunately that's not
101 boy one point he called he coded a
belly Casper to fakie oh it's definitely
a dream fight yeah
executions I'll get right here that's
really scary is that a hippie does easy
just like one swing no he doesn't have
to hit you all right if he does it's
gonna hurt yes was that close I couldn't
see no I was like ten feet over my head
he's gonna learn though I think I'm
pausing it in between tricks I'm like he
lands it I call this a name that's right
that's right
that is right I took on an iPad again
make your head okay calculator back on
sure right here I know that is cake
flabebe kickflip
I can connect him first
yeah look at him look at him talking
well he's losing time I'm not positive
during this you shouldn't learn talk
he's helping him being nice you're being
too nice ouch my foot hurts as I keep my
truck trick Oh stay open it's a it's a
it's a kickflip Manning with it with an
undertow hold kick by Bailey undertow
just because you said hold it is not
correct we need it we need the name of
its a certain kind of manual trick I
don't know that's all that they point to
under under hold Manny what is it under
it's a kick full English wheelie man
English wheelie
oh my gosh anyone else do you call this
a wheelie table no exponent okay good
but I mean I would be fine with that if
he did but that was really good man
he's got five minutes in 17 seconds okay
I would start to get fast weird because
you had to do eight more tricks have you
ever had an airhead before uh yes those
are weird right yeah they are Pammy
maybe not next to the life line maybe
not next to light one Johnny the bank
again yeah you're just making us get you
lose weight no this is good we need
exercise
I feel like he could absolutely be
cheesy and do whatever he wants pretty
much I got a name for this already
it's a hang ten English English waiter
to fakie I almost want to accept it but
I feel like I don't even know it's like
a waiter thing I think we should give it
to our goddess my god later doing it
digitally way we do it because oh I did
not see that going I call her to hang
ten English waiter to fakie yeah yeah
he's got four minutes and 22 seconds
what does something one thank for this
is like something please
I'm not kidding just I should go flat
flat ground on the granite
yeah absolutely
that's like a it's like an English
pressure 360 flip I'm sorry Brian why is
it ever since that everything is English
everything is English now alright three
points what is it this is the record it
is that you could call it an old-school
360 lip or a classic that's a classic
three feet away when I accept this
plastic about that who used to do that
then before they did three flips that's
like before the ollie was invented
Johnny yeah you're up I caught it yes oh
I was gonna grab it you keep on flat
girl what I know try to pick all of this
okay oh my gosh oh that is a it's a
classic under double flip sorry that's
incorrect yeah I thought you were going
to close - classic I mean the classic
part is like an actual thing and then he
did it like late under double a two and
a half kickback like double kick back
double kick back I'll give you that it
match the word you let me kick back
dolphin trainer God was that for point
so we've these guys at four or five
how'd you pick up the kicker you do
anything you want you to trick right
here right now right here right now you
can actually probably do one of your
basic little flippity dues calculator
like just land that and that he doesn't
know what to call it
it's like a varial flip under flip
varial flip for something like I don't
know I don't know what you did you know
that was so almost correct but it still
Lincoln breezy did it he didn't feel
like a hairy underfoot right yeah but if
it is in the middle you're very
flippantly under flip that's all right
you're wrong you're wrong 25 would you
say please motivation goes way off
sipar PENK PENK it is 3 minutes and 41
seconds Oh Alex you're actually ahead of
schedule right now like you have more
than halfway time and you've done five
tricks
it's like a Casper pretzel wrong we're
wrong it's a freaking truck stamp I know
it's a truck state yeah trucks then but
like I was going for okay I went like
this Skyler's in your body but you got
it look where his back foot is or as a
Casper either way he thought it was a
Casper so Johnny get your ball
you're good you're getting better I am
you have four more tricks
he's got three minutes in 20 seconds
three minutes and 20 seconds don't touch
me don't touch me don't touch me yeah
you do it you do all flat ground tricks
for all I care I just want Brian names
to be wrong I want you to win
he is rapid-firing he must be tired
back foot lazy foot he says back foot
laser flip it's a late laser right you
do 60 semi foot what's right okay we
need judging's on these why is that
called total error how is he right
what would we flick with your toe and it
just 360 back foot is with thank you fo
I'm gonna watch that you slack he is
right dude I did I just found out that
trick existed right now right now right
here right now I mean thought of you
using your tone Snape revealed yeah why
would you use a toe i can't believe i ii
its soul bent so you need three more and
what do you had he has the two minutes
and 42 seconds no do you totally have
this dude in Frankie okay yeah hey turn
on the toaster
it doesn't matter of a sketchy you did
it i knows Manny no it's not a knows
about you it's not a nose manual we got
nollie inward to Oakland Manny I think
the thing you're mainly missing is the
unusual aspect of this Oh know that yeah
waiting I don't know I can't see the
uninitiated nose manual and he's got his
foot wrapped like this so no I saw that
okay no it's fine it was sketchy
you got a really hard challenge we're
gonna go and we're gonna judge is Iran
you you're good hey are you ready rectus
42 seconds yes 42 seconds do two tricks
why
oh okay dude
all right start the ice maker I don't
know
real real under fruit yeah I was in a
real that that's like the what is it
he's fair that's good it's like spin
this is it called this fill your shoes
that's a better name actually yeah yeah
so I got it right it's a counter flip
counter a challenger flip like the 5th
of May like the calendar flip no account
sir okay this doesn't make sense but I
make it yet seconds exactly as you come
12 seconds 12 seconds it is oh dear okay
30 seconds do one trick
Wow we hit that hard did it hit you no
it didn't hit me 30 seconds one trick
what is it
where are you gonna do it on the back
yeah let's do it
I'm gonna use these feet to walk this
way
piggy Pig toast man or something he says
fakie big toe spin your piggy big
husband it was my one foot river and
then like English of thang like that was
you looked like that might be it and
what he said was nothing close to what
he said okay well then you want your
absolutely why three seconds left by the
way well are you saying that took him 27
seconds to roll over here come back down
yes no it did not you had to press away
before he was ready yeah you want to
clean up tricks oh yeah if that's cool
which ones I don't take back is really
sketchy
can I see yes yeah you you can just we
play soccer in Switzerland oh yeah you
can kick the ball at him cool okay go
catch hey Johnny it's called football
football yes he only gets one kick
so good receiving chocolate of very poor
quality thank you
and a Target gift card Thanks that that
is the most United States of American
gift like prize if we could ever give
him we need to go there now right now we
look a beat-up car would be like the
most medals you guys you gave a Swiss
kid American chocolate
that's wonderful like you people we're
laughing but the video is over
Oh
