my windows are down yeah my windows are
down hey what's good about to happen to
you I'm taking the favorite like
boom-boom-boom and all angles right you
have to earn it first okay so let's get
out the car and you have to a quiz to do
my son my child
nope not no not escaped on a quiz I'm
gonna ask you questions alright oh yeah
not many people do buddy it's alright
it'll be fun and he's a my and blasto oh
and get on a back aids out oh is that
that stick is your blaster pretty cool
YouTube what is up guys I recently hit
how many subscribers um nine hundred and
thousand nine thousand that's right
nine hundred thousand and I'm gonna tell
you how thankful I am for all you guys
are watching my videos just second but
first we're gonna give this guy a pop
quiz in order to get double kicked in
the face my child loves getting kicked
in the face we're gonna do one on each
side of his face today right I'm ready
alright you want to earn it though first
pop quiz yeah all right let's do it pop
quiz so I'm gonna make these up off the
top my head so I hope I can come up with
it I'm gonna ask him ten questions you
know let's get half I'm right because I
want him to get cake to the face get up
here buddy he definitely wants cake the
face because it'll make his day first
question name at least three of the
Ghostbusters gun one boom you got this
thank you Venkman yeah let's do and then
there's one reason what think about the
quote that didn't go wrong ray three and
you know the fourth one is oh yeah
Winston you can't forget Winston dude
but he Dame three that's good weird you
have a crowd yeah I guess riding this is
a super easy one okay who is Captain
America going up against in the next
movie
think about it watch the remember that
we watched the trailer you got a pick
one who who is it
exactly that's it you knew that that's
to write success that was that was way
too easy
here's a question what is two plus two
Oh wrong it is what is two plus two look
we got two we want to add to what is it
so what's the answer
boom still got it wrong wait why want to
see if I did you have to stand up for
that bang ones big ones bang ones okay
all right I'm gonna ask a Star Wars
question are you ready okay um what is
Darth Vader's real name Apple Emperor no
they're two different people - wrong -
right it's Anakin you know then oh yeah
that I did surprise you miss that what
is it called when you slide like this on
a Ledge whoa is that wrong
what is it remember dad's uh he goes
like this across the ledge you flip back
a rollaway
you remember a certain type of slide hey
a truck a dark slide dot you remember
that right all right three wrong - right
buddy you gotta get three more right you
only have five more opportunities okay
what is dad's favorite food to eat and
that's your favorite food but what is
dad's favorite food hmm
we always get it for Portland I'll take
that cuz it's jaco taco all right I will
give him the point three three he needs
two more and got four chances a photos
Indian now Indiana is a very close
second
he's very passionate about drawing a
close second by request he wants to
Empire Strikes Back question okay who -
Luke when he's wounded in the snow says
you must go to the Dagobah system
everyone boom-boom on for what do we
have for three more questions you gotta
get one of them right all right what's a
Ninja Turtles question which is kind of
hard because he hasn't watched into
Charles in a while
what is the Ninja Turtles masters sensei
his name I don't he taught the turtles
who is it
no he's a rat I don't know yeah you know
splinter buddy isn't watching tutorials
in a long time
you remember splinter yeah what is he is
he a cat
he's a Pisa Rams big mouse he's a rat go
back to ghostbusters okay what does
Janine say when they get the first call
to go catch a ghost she screams it we
got one give me five that's good he's up
to date on his Ghostbusters that's first
I don't know any Ghostbusters things
we're gonna get we're gonna get caked
all right we got two cakes it's gonna be
a side-to-side one on each side of his
face ready to get cake double cake on
the side of face
are you ready any last words before this
goes down and last words what you got to
say Oh God
but sir should I not do it I won't do it
all right all right three two whoa
oh wait should I do it should I do it
now I shouldn't show ya all right last
time okay all right are you ready yeah
one two three four five six seven oh my
god look at the camera don't you know
don't you don't you did he was he was so
smothered it it was like it's a little
room is it good right in just don't
chase me okay I guess 401 biblethum
okay so thank you guys so much for Bryan
do not yell it on me please buddy
neither of those subscribers is so much
I did blows my mind I never thought I
was gonna get to this point in on
YouTube you never have any plans getting
this far but it's just the fact that so
many people that many people want to
watch my videos means the world to me
and I love making I'm writing loves
making them with me all the people that
help me make them thank you you want
more here here yeah buddy you're gonna
have some more
kicking himself now oh you got it on the
ground pile of cake I love cake look at
the pile of cake we made run Tower a
pastry hmm your mom is gonna have to
give you a bath for hours notice not me
no no no okay all right you got me you
got me good thanks thank you guys so
much I will keep doing videos and do
them every day and if I hit 1 million
which on this track Lucy's gonna happen
we will have a cake pocalypse cake pop
cupcake pocalypse is happening I'm
nervous I'm nervous too and now I'm
gonna go give cupcakes to the people at
the skate park
super hard to open these up like thank
you thank you
of course guys you probably like a
couple months this is a good place you
should when we get out of here KZ right
even though you already ate a lot of
your cake shove it in his face here over
your mouth open about how pop is no
torture him my kid I love you I love you
that was gross
too many was half of one he loves you
too I still love him
you
