another day another dollar another
Daniel another dead another Daniel we're
at a good manual spot and I think you're
gonna like it yeah he actually has to
leave in a couple hours so we're trying
to skateboarding we're trying to get him
a grilled cheese dinner there's the
goals of this video omid most videos
usually a lot of times there's like a
there's a semi right here would you now
there's a lot yeah there's you it's got
really bad do it this this used to be
way better oh yeah dude for sure for
sure definite oh my gosh I was a little
like the first thing you tried into that
yeah keep that you know your suppose you
know how you do this all time you're
supposed to do that when someone lands a
trick I mean doing good ninja people
here he's too far away so I'll just say
good job
bhai never youtube video is a poacher
hey see my dude nice that's my dude that
is my dude hey poacher will you go over
and give them a high five for me how
that was for me Johnny
give me a high-five yeah rock now have a
rock stick shift cool for that one
I think just from the sheer talent that
you are doing so good
who how did you do then he is a very
talented dude
you and now to celebrate we're gonna go
get a grilled-cheese doughnut and a
s'mores for Cody wait I thought you're
trying to kick me with a shoe which
would be highly unlike you yes when I
was on garden nevertheless sir cat was
wearing a bra that was like the first
red red flag you know we got a shot man
few mins ago we had 20 people now we
have four think people gonna like this
this is gonna be intense it is I told
Kody that you could suggest probably
split it because you probably don't want
all of it mr. the last time I was here
yeah but you love this yeah delicious
people like it probably tastes you're
about to leave Ohio and this is the last
thing we're gonna do yeah
so you like sour
he liked this girl grilled-cheese
doughnut
every time he asked me what it tastes
like fifty percent really good we got
thumbs up we got a thumbs up
too enthusiastic comes out we're not
here people hey congratulations on
pretty much everything you do on a
skateboard yeah
oh my gosh thanks man no problem i'll
let you call him the rad hatter that's a
good name right and get it rademaker
redhead after making oh wow he literally
just did that he entered your face and
when he left you he was rolling away I
don't even know what he did I wasn't
looking I know and we have Casey Oh what
do you say about Jason good guy he's a
good guy I like
you
