superkicked that door dude I had no that
was scary to film that kind of hurt if I
would have known that was coming that
brought one more shocking oh my gosh
is it garage Tuesday it is warehouse
Wednesday the door is perfectly stuck in
the no doors to just open that's fine
who's up this week Casey Becker you want
to go do this let's call somebody out
gage was supposed to come not this week
but last week for so two weeks he's been
at voiding us I could see him doing that
yeah he did just so I mean it's me
instead okay to warm up you're gonna do
a capable but every single skateboard in
the entire warehouse there's a lot of
weird ones that's good that's a good
warm-up challenge and then all right
you're gonna have to do five tricks on
the bump to flat bar that we have
another one you're skating on the other
day there's more coming doesn't it oh
yeah see any five tricks on it you know
ten minutes to do it
okay first four tricks wherever you want
the last trick is gonna have to be a
three-foot bit cuz I saw you do it you
can do a three flip flip three flip flip
flip dip I saw you do it you can do it
better okay
oh you're making me a your birdie myself
I'm making you be better at lysis a nice
episode I like this I know if you do do
it you can get this Star Wars poster if
you don't put on your office door oh you
don't do it you get this beauty in the
Beast poster and you're gonna take your
office tour for a month and you're also
gonna post on the Instagram saying that
you lost and Brian's the best gauge the
worst say it on Instagram yes this is I
lost Brian's the best and a picture of
this way that said what Andrew story and
I don't want to do that but that's easy
that this is a nice episode this is like
maybe I don't think anything this is
green flips
Owen Wilson would say wow watching out I
got a really crazy golf balls it was
good for my head
yeah well let's get all our boxes back
in Wow Oh need is a relative term this
is it this is it
how many is it Oh 20 ish we got a hand
board the finger board this is pretty
good this is gonna be fun you know the
hardest one is gonna be I was gonna say
we just start at that end because and
then go this way absolutely you know the
hardest one is yeah well I don't to do
those with my feet right the last two no
no the last two I don't know I would say
pressure the mini-green no oh Sam
vessels we didn't off we didn't clean
that off I asked you do not you do it
over there though yeah I'll do it over
there Casey there's a black pair of
Swift's in my office will you get those
I'm serious yeah I'm out I'm not kidding
I'll get I'm gonna get to work here okay
sorry do they're brand new red Swift's I
can't do that at mud-born ranges okay
see if somebody would've walked through
that door that would hit them so good
all right let's go I think that's
Stevens board yeah this is gonna be fun
this is Steven pages the filmers board
one out of twenty one day I am gonna be
warmed up Sam Tabor leaves the board
here to samurai sword boarding awesome
we got up there to land one first try
that's the air in Cairo or behaving the
sword my name's the dark slide board run
to the poor in yeah wrap all magic
racking powers
what do you got sick pretty good cake
look 25% done this year's Casey I'm
gonna judge you so far right yeah
judge that first try it was a terrible
kickflip but your boards not too
terrible thank you
park the car on this and still exist the
Pug board Thank You bear
it's gonna be hard you're on a first
five streak right now for one we're
gonna travel for that is like a fish
dick watch this it does the wheels don't
turn that pop up if you like him in the
Mario desert low
good job I can't breathe this is
definitely like way more warm up er yeah
your people warm up this is Rodney's
board I love you ridin this is for you
that was good I didn't do it for my son
this is my board this frames we got this
is Alex's we got suspension trucks okay
and it's like 91 and it's yeah it's a
nine point seven five
I got to say I'm very impressed with
your amount of first try on each variety
of horde target skateboard which
survived the game escape easily the
hardest saying their remaining ones who
are like easily the heart I would agree
have you never failed I'm gonna have a
beauty of the beast poster on my door
like I'm not gonna be able to try it
skate that relaxes yeah how do you think
these are gonna be Arctic me I don't
know they better not be yes these are
gonna be easy that was this is way
harder than a part of the warm-up ever
that was so hard I will gladly try that
again
my face it work good job mr. challenge
it better not be physical kind of
physical anyway
you're gonna have to give Casey massage
I'll give the singer Madonna song while
doing it that makes the physical parts
so much weird I know I'm just gonna
pretend he's Madonna go bat for Casey I
mean it's not actually don't even move
let me move look at me dude look like
I'm sweaty I didn't have to touch him I
got into that way way more than I should
have
alright where's mine I was right on to
the front that was convenient I just
watched that clip back and I wish it
didn't exist I wish it ten minutes when
I go I'm sorry now no um I'm gonna start
with a lip slide okay hold on hold on
the make ten minutes leave him straight
ten minutes I see you when he starts
going starting tonight
easy I thought this was gonna be like a
nice easy like I see the sinister Ness
of this where else run say sorry I don't
have the strength to skate about your
Ebola nose right scary
never actually bothered to do this trick
on this he's got 8 minutes left you just
working on the nose grind I think you'll
do it just right
oh dang he's got seven half minutes left
I thought he was going to dawn that was
a Perry weirdo that was the scariest
thing I've seen what's what's next front
blunt which better take me one or two
seconds left you three pick a three flip
I'm so exhausted that that's my
motivation and landing everything go
like I'm at melt that's the second tear
pushing you seven minutes
Andy I know you're busy editing this
video but just put right here put some
text Brian's favorite Spice Girls movie
I've got to do it good that's the trick
give it times I saw him fall just like
that in John's video shot across the
room pool boy four and a half minutes
three minutes and 15 seconds left
this is like a triathlon dude
time a minute 40
there's the beep of death it was it was
a valiant effort never fails first
message I I fail I fail to 9 rouse
Wednesday's liking the hardest warehouse
Wednesday's whatever force think that
warm up was way way gnarlier
now they've got that other way let's go
Beauty and the Beast my office huh at
least somebody lost of course it had to
be me but the problem is that we always
get all these talented dudes that just
like when it's time to go throw down
they get throw down it is for cry ever
truck yeah there's sub earn
skateboarders and there's talent
escapers stubborn I'm stubborn slave is
with its Brian I don't want them you get
this next where's Wednesday you're in
you can win extra terrible one I haven't
seen it I'm sure it's a fine movie I
don't want on my door because everyone
that knocks to see me gets to stare at
then put on their like super crappy - if
anyone knows Josh GAD though Tom I'm a
fan I like that dude hey buddy Josh GAD
he's funny there it is that's how I want
it so watch out I guess I'll put it on
my Instagram tomorrow pretty awesome
failure well thank you for watching my
warehouse Wednesday anybody who's your
all-time so if you want to see more from
me hit the subscribe button right down
below I will redeem myself well I guess
I landed it but I will hopefully you
better than action Wednesday budget
videos all time so I will see you soon
thank you for watching thank you Brian
Ames thank you you're welcome look how
proud you are next year poster it's
great we're done flutter we're done
I did no matter what shape or form
that's gotta be here on your door for a
month I'm here since he's acting so
whatever about this I am going to do
something to his door soon all right get
ready for it
