what's up guys in this vlog is no time I
don't like to worry about but I keep
using us with the name of these videos
are this is a skate day this is Cody
woods last skate dates his day before he
goes back home and Brian Eames Walkman
hey hey no no
hey what is it it's ranch soda from
yesterday you took a sip of it yeah I
did it's a day old with this don't let
the cat for you today on who said this
you know somebody from Sweden just like
literally from Sweden I think so it's a
day old okay that was a way big way but
your dream last night
it tastes so bad we really got to
experience dude get away from me did you
just hear that yell from Craig horse yes
somebody was really angry I'm gonna go
should make sure this mom you think he's
mad he's mad
John's mad we all get that way sometimes
are we talking get the wrench I was just
sure leave the ranch right here yellow
rubbers oh sorry I didn't realize it and
switch out the yellow rivers that our
own good good meeting Brian Ames good
freakin meeting I'm going I feel
disgusting still after like five minutes
after doing this like it's gonna be
disgusting skateboarding so I think Karl
Dixon sent this Thank You Karl
you're a horrible person he doesn't he
doesn't appreciate it but uh thank you
I'm not I'm not gonna make him drink it
everyone is like way and you only make
Brian drink ranch soda I like Brian too
much he would like die if he did this
I don't want Brian Ames to die like he
hates ranch like right now if I took
this and just kind of like you know just
kind of go through it Adam Duff
he would throw up and cry and then die
looks like a first person first person
video game where it's just like you're
holding this like hey ninja before you
leave drink this yeah we need to clean
this place up dude hey Johnny yeah
it's Ranch soda you want taste it
that looks disgusting it tastes
disgusting to it you try it
he spit it out here Erik ninja know what
take it go out oh my god you have to run
away from him
John I'm too queasy I will vomit all
over your face okay do it then no I'm
too queasy
Craig you want to go you go try it no
ninjas leaving ninja fun good dude yeah
see you in like two weeks maybe in LA
oh yeah I'll see you it's like we can
have in LA and then in your hometown the
next week yeah did we find a frog oh we
did we absolutely found a frog we're uh
conversing this frog back to his
homeland say doesn't get hurt
I'm your freakin friend let's go back to
the wild that's my frog song alright you
gotta jump this gap dude okay go jump
the gap whoo he's back to safety last
day he's really good a skateboard so
he'll practice claps who doesn't doesn't
matter cuz we're gonna have a fun day
we're going downtown hit some spots and
I think we're gonna end with his last
meal ever in his whole life
skyline so she trained her pet squirrel
just say the word frog it's a pretty
cool shot though
looks like we're driving through an
erector set Bonnie yeah it's not every
day that there's a porta potty in the
way of a skate spot I think it's good I
guess we just ate this part why are you
here why are you here be amazing if
there was somebody in that thing even I
was talking to them I would laugh be
like sorry I was talking to porta potti
I wasn't talking to you
the moment we turn the camera on it
looks like it's gonna rain dude that is
such a spider-man shot
maybe almost got hit by van this one
roommate
how did you fall there whoa it's
officially raining Haiti has won we're
trying to do anything
and Johnny just landed his trick for a
part like second track we literally got
to about five tries each and then that
happened I am so angry right now it's so
so angry because I don't it was a
beautiful day
it was beautiful when we got here and
then within minutes it was just dark and
rainy Craig just came to my window I
should have filmed it he was standing
here in the rain instead of texting me
but he came up with a good spot I don't
know if I'm gonna be jumping down as
much but we got friends that a good
jumping this guy's good at jumping
there's a train her pet frog just a
squirrel cool this is super cool it's 26
minutes away Craig there's also
Sharonville Plaza though I hate that
thing yeah me too this is what it's like
to be a skateboarder by the way I mean
it sounds drying we gonna find a place
it's like my Drive fest Tom said he
looked at the radar and it's clear out
that way go back to the spot maybe we
got rain dad Steven Tyler is walking
down the street we have a plan the sun's
out and suppose we was gonna stop
raining we're gonna go check out this
spot over here hoping it'll dry fast
that's an awful plan but that's our plan
it's not a gang sign it refuses fingers
are you are you playing Zelda right now
yeah wow they're coming in with blue
apples soon do you know that the way
it is wet like sunny weather with wet is
like the worst thing ever and then is it
is the metal edge gone that sucks the
company's gone yeah yeah looks like the
only good thing about this fun anything
skated yo we're gonna basically gonna go
walk around and look at spots and then I
think we're gonna go to a different
spots didn't come up five oh it yeah
that's nuts dude I could notice like
this has it been done yeah oh cool right
here is your destiny we've been talking
about taking over here the whole time
it's perfect dude this thing is really
really do you want to go get your board
and skated by the time we get our board
to come back it won't be go for it dude
go for it we're gonna go get our boards
and hopefully Cody's gonna do this and
if he does he doesn't Holly stuff so
you're basically not gonna see anything
he's gonna do some crazy trick that's
gonna be safe for something else but how
did this get bent
I think I blame the rain today on the
ranch soda I told you to be gross
skateboarding we're almost here
hearts are beating me I'm just like
Holly the three or four block I like
Tyler the five but I don't know I just
thought it a double so the other day my
cap game is a little off all right you
got this dude every time I roll it up in
like this is not enough speed and I'm
like I was right whew okay getting
better my god dude okay so let's move
out day and the people here like you
skating well like all the parents and
kids are moving out of their dorms so we
might come back no don't think I would
just I enjoyed watching me stick it so
we're gonna go back to the spot that we
got rained out at I think so I get some
foot you there for you guys before we
leave campus I want to ollie into this
roller coaster right here
back to the car I grilled up a fork and
I ate it a so there was a car I didn't
helmet sorry guys there was a car parked
there so we're gonna go to another metal
edge here in town or it won't be a
problem skated there Chinese on the
mission right here
that was what you want to do Wow
MVP dude okay so Johnny isn't feeling
the dark side which this one is really
hard to skate like pretty much anything
is hard especially a dark slide so we're
gonna go back to where the five blocks
at I'm not sure Cody's feeling it now
but we're gonna we're gonna do some
skateboarding before dinner then we're
gonna eat this could be the best thing
ever
and if you look to your right you will
see Cody wit and his juice look at those
people
oh we that guy right there we are here
we have returned one time I went to
nighttime and and we got kicked out of
ziplining when we here's your face next
to a building
go ninja go ninja go
so clearly cody has some work to do some
io u--'s you get a bloody guy so we'll
be back to these spots for him to land
it's got dark oh well we're gonna go eat
some style
oh what a read what do we probably
snowing are you actually thinking about
we'll figure out we're gonna go eat to
celebrate the skate day it was a
difficult one to make happen but we made
it in Rio look at it celebrating a
celebration of that switch heelflip good
water for the whack - whack one
Oh after a day's work I just want some
soda I some still feeding if you don't
don't store it do not pour down before
please Network
