YouTube what's up guys I there's I'm
gonna unveil a secret to you I am
horrible I suck at card boarding here's
guy's face um you think if I cured it so
what's gonna happen is I'm gonna try to
do as many tricks I can do on cardboard
that Johnny is standing on and then you
guys are going to get to see what these
dudes do okay so let it begin I'm gonna
be so sweaty - like it's cool down here
but I sweat so bad when I'm cardboard
the work I think I want to talk about
this now it's super awkward right not
really awkward little awkward little
awkward Johnny how many for trick Stevie
I'm gonna do uh we're gonna go for ten
ten you they do ten that's good I was
thinking six that's over the kickflip
Dave I was okay listen cable good idea
to use tit you promoted I'm bad if Akai
masu / bad according board I gotta say
you're gonna do one trick I'm gonna do
more than one trick there we go
that was bad does bad
octane Ian that was bad but I'll take
that okay all right okay Cody next week
three shelf that's very easy first you
try now switch the nerd of the headed oh
it's so bad right Chuck that was bad I'm
taking it a touch go take it
five forty show
named choi sangdu so work yeah but uh no
toe touch
alright leaflet let's do it first trot
first dry that's like the one thing
you're doing this okay it's going over
backs up backside flip the five tricks
over ah mothers Elvis's Lobby oh that's
good right
it was perfect uh uh good move switch
flip-flop first Roy dude I was like the
best when I've done like of all the
tricks too alright second switch video
flip okay cowboy legs oh ha oh that was
so sloppy redo no it was ugly I'm doing
it
that's a tricks yeah I never thought I'd
get this 400 is dead dang it doesn't
ninety flip here I'll take that I was
straight enough nine nine tricks Johnny
alright another new one is the last
Drake is a front three show oh I got
that
ten drinks
I can't wait up I was not kidding at all
how sweaty I was gonna be so I'm gonna
film them knew much better tricks and
it'd be after I'm gonna die personal all
right Johnny I know you're good at this
you're ready to impress do you think
you'll be as sweaty as me when you're
done with this no I don't think okay
wait you doing we're with you
first try perfect you're you are stupid
get out get out get out
okay yeah am i stupid I've been amazing
I was so good you'd um dude hey don't
make fun your friends come on so good it
was good what is wrong with you I
couldn't do it one heel flip oh my gosh
you do a Casper flip yes I'd love to see
that okay you haven't missed something
since the one trick you couldn't do oh
my gosh
bangerang peter that's my dude that is
my dude have you ever seen the movie
Cool Runnings no all right yeah I did
yeah you did it's good isn't it yeah
he's good bang that's pretty good dude
we're gonna take that I would take it
too I'm putting the freezer saver for a
lady rainy day get it out from the
microwave and got yourself a trick we'll
play booklet that was really good
Wow
oh my gosh
are you kidding me are you kidding me
dude oh my gosh that was fantastic
I'm sitting in a chair by the way that's
how lazy we were filled with this that
was fantastic
your feet work better than most people's
hands do you should write a book with
your hands with your feet oh my gosh
good you're done you're done dude you
gotta find a nice and rude oh wow let's
add a backside 180 in bed why what you
wanna do it dude that was pretty good
okay that should you I wouldn't take
that gosh okay oh my gosh doing one more
I just did a three foot
he did three flip yes you're not even
doing a trick seni more he's that enough
for he does enough for everybody in the
whole world
ah steak knife oh my gosh okay so it is
clear that I'm terrible at card boarding
you are not never playing you in a game
of carpet skate ever but a lot of people
like these videos online so I was like
why not do one and I'm really glad I did
with Johnny in fact this dude has a
channel where he does amazing trickery
just like that so it's right down there
in the info click that link and
subscribe to his face it might even be
at the end of this video who knows oh
wow that was weird Cody I'm sorry dude
you don't we just were not seen you
here's pictures but we're gonna end it
with a picture of Cody woods face yeah
we're all we're doing it come to its
face
oh you just had to not be done
Oh sideways coated wait footage boom
terrible terrible terrible
you
