you guess right those are my feet that
is a dumpster that is the sky I don't
know what to call this and this is a
rock and I'm gonna sit on this rock all
right guys this is a giveaway video it's
been a little while since I've given
away something least a traditional give
away like this so I'm here today to give
you a pair of s shoes and to revive
skateboards both of these products are
fully back and believe in of course you
know I believe in the product that I've
chosen for my own company but I totally
back s it's a shoe company ran by
skateboarders that's how it should be so
I'm really psyched on these these are
actually probably their most popular
shoes right now too i'm giving away a
pair of excel slims okay look at this is
a definitely a classic shape to this it
is a very very very comfortable shoe and
skates well we saw them here at tread
quarters and this is definitely the pop
most popular but I can back it myself
because I skated so I love it it's
really really good so that's gonna be
the grand prize and then I have a Doug
just tells lifeline deck this is a
classic graphic this is if you guys
didn't know this is actually playing on
the los angeles angels which is Doug's
favorite team he wears the hat all the
time see that's where the halo is right
there on the lifeline so boom and then
we have a Cincinnati deck because it's
my hometown and shapes see that as the
skate as the skates but I grew up
skating and I love this graphic sample
it already did it and it rules I see
that look on your face you're saying
what how am I gonna win this stuff I'm
gonna tell you how to win the stuff is
very very easy this giveaway is going to
be done on Instagram I know a lot of
people say like why can't you do it on
Twitter or why can't you do it on for
YouTube I do do giveaways on various
different social medias but you know
somebody who has an Instagram and if you
really don't just ask your parent if
they can download it and may they can
make an account an answer for you I mean
I don't know anybody that doesn't know
somebody that has an Instagram so I'm
sorry if you want to be here on YouTube
but this one's going to be on Instagram
how you going to enter is very very
simple you're going to go to s
skateboarding on Instagram ok that's at
s skateboarding it's right here on the
screen go to that and follow them okay
and then you're going to see you're
gonna find this picture it's within the
last week or so go do only this picture
do not blow up their other pictures only
this picture and say s is the best yo
okay that is how you're going to answer
this just right s is the best yo and if
you want to put another like if you want
to keep the comment going and write some
other special stuff feel free to but
that's the first thing you got to say
and that will answer you to win this
stuff i will pick in about a week
I'm going to pick the winners and i'll
announce them i'll probably here on
youtube at least on instagram okay so
i'll announce the winners fear not what
you need to know though is if you're
younger than 18 make sure your parents
know you're entering this and then you
can win anywhere in the world i will
ship these anywhere doesn't matter as
long as you have an address and that is
it guys do not over comment just one
comment on the photo please and you're
entered I want to see like a thousand
comments and I won't pick you at all and
then don't blow up the other stuff their
other pictures just that picture that is
it guys I hope you guys good luck with
this I'm gonna try to get the ball
rolling on more um more giveaway video
so if you do want to see more of it
giveaways go give this video a thumbs up
and then comment below say of course I
wanted dude please keep giving stuff
away and II that's it so I'm going to go
inside the Shred gore's is a bunch of
people in there and now we'll get some
and i'll get some skate content for you
guys that is it if you didn't understand
any of that it's right down there on the
info how this contest works so good luck
guys let's go uh films with
skateboarding ah so insanely loud in
here I'm just gonna go fill the southern
hopefully it happens here's your
jordans always good for skate but dude
it's loud what trick are you doing fakie
bonefish news okay he did this let's do
it again is not good enough
Jordan Jordan
again
you didn't have to do it again I was
just making fun of you for redoing the
first 100 that first one was we consider
your facemate funnel your good
skateboard though thank you have a nice
guy nice guy well you you hit the rock
and then you were like that then you got
punched you're going right for that
that one didn't hit me right here right
here and she it was your fault somehow
what is with people doing good chicks
doing it
two in a row you better not do a
freaking spinny thing with your hands
that was amazing I was falling as I
filmed that but i got i did get
