poorhouse Wednesday okay oh my gosh
what's happening right now
what around today it's a special where
else Wednesday why because we got new
ramps you kind of like last week for
their finish now yeah the finished we
got a new three sir we got now alleged
we got a manual pad we got a gap we got
a ramp okay he's gonna do a man III
shelving the new of the new man who is
oh the whole car all right what we're
gonna have fun this is one of those
where we just go do what we do and I
hope you guys enjoyed um for but for now
Casey isn't a new warehouse I am it was
that where the product was there was
like where to go everyone's freaking out
it's right over there guys howdy how's
your uh how's your how was your been the
bottom of your foot it's good right now
good is it hurt ever nope tell you yeah
why is everyone going into this skate
park over here here it is look at how
beautiful this is
this really ties into the whole park
together but this where else Wednesday
we're just gonna skate just this it's a
lot of fun and I hope you enjoyed this
video I don't I never didn't expect you
to three chef person I don't like I
don't like the trick personally
you are challenging
so this is where the new product is guys
there everyone last week was confused to
where this was we have a basically
expanded we have another warehouse on
the side of the wall of the warehouse
you guys have already known well that is
it I hope you guys like the new setup we
have new warehouse Wednesday is coming
up with some of the guys that you've
seen in town recently and they're really
good so stay tuned and how does it I
guess I just want to say thank you for
how much we've grown and expanded and
we're you know we'd love doing exactly
what we do is just skateboarding goofing
off having a good time and then of
course you know making products for you
guys but the main point is that we're
all skateboarding so thank you
how's it Casey in the heart yeah there
is your heart is there anything else you
need to say to YouTube I'm gonna die in
like
I needed touch that hurts what do you
need what do you need right like what
the job on it I just need the crap out
of it ah you just need that chairs I
don't need
