YouTube what is up guys this is vlog
sewed 19 I don't even know whatever
title is on the screen now that's what
it is because I'm filming a lot at the
at the moment I'm filming multiple
episodes still don't like to work vlog
I'm gonna put that out there because
I've been casually using you lately I
don't know that when I dabbed attacks
but so my car's in the shop being worked
at right now and I'm going to make
myself a snack and do some work at my
computer here okay don't do that stuff
I'm gonna make something that most
people probably are gonna say well
that's gross Amy but some people are
gonna like it and those people you have
good taste
want to make this I totally send my
car's in the shop getting worked at so
my car's in the shop being worked out
what that is gross okay you know when
things like hummus hummus is good but we
didn't like dries up on the outside and
get a weird little hardness it's kind of
a it's kind of food kill a buzzkill of
food I'm a dude though I'm over it let's
make this step 1 crackers step 2 hummus
step 3 pedicab step 4 hot and spicy
pesto this step is crucial do not miss
that step if you do not like hot and
spicy foods get better at eating because
it's the best thing ever step 5 step
pasta 5 artichoke hearts and there is
your snack okay especially when you're
on a diet because I would like to eat 20
of these but I'm only gonna eat 4 oh
yeah and step 6 the flesh watching only
5 minutes our show is awful like I'm
watching I'm like this is awesome I oh
I've got to work now so alright I'm
getting some work done I should be at
the warehouse right now but my car's
gonna work on the shop so I need to hang
out while that's happening I'm gonna do
it and then I'm gonna get right up there
and get my car and then after that I've
got some cool things that's go with
riding plan today we got to do a lot of
prepping we're actually headed to LA
tomorrow this is first time ridings
flying we're gonna film commercials
that's really exciting and you'll see
more of that in the future but to mean
intense 24 hours and I'm going to just
you guys get to hang out for the prep
time or whatever you're watching this
whatever I'm gonna get to work my beer
yeah where's this email
I think someone's home someone home ok
hey hey good here give me a hug don't
just look at the camera give me a hug oh
whoa whoa whoa hey how was school was it
good
yeah school was good what is that what
what was that your somersault do again
oh my gosh I was gonna over up to the
car shop to get my car but my wife got
home with Rhydon and
we're going to switch cars so I'm just
gonna drive her up there but if you want
to use uber I use it here and there
especially I'm traveling as are the most
convenient thing in the world use this
code on the screen right here and the
reason why it sounds like I'm like a
commercial right now is because I I like
the service and if you use this code you
get a free ride and then I also get a
free ride so it helps both of us so this
is like the most convenient car service
ever like to come right to where you are
they pick you up and take you where you
want to go it's affordable and then what
I mean this time if you use this code is
free so if you download the uber app and
type that code in you get a free $20
ride
so I appreciate if you do that it will
help me and make my life a little a
little better and you'll make your life
better the same time everyone life gets
better but I'm gonna go let's go get my
car let's go not get my car let's go
take my wife to my car you were a girl
but you're actually boy my cat you used
to be a girl but then it was a boy but I
still call it a girl because it's a girl
and ridin is putting on his shoes let's
go otter otter is a girl okay you asked
the veterinarian she will say otter
funny fact I did talk to veterinary and
I called her a girl and the event did
not argue with me twice another you
can't you can't deny that that was it
that was a fact
no but boy reproductive organs yeah he
just put his foot down get in the car
little dude alright
but right and we don't actually put our
foot down mom right you know that cuz
mom and dad are the boss were the
Geiger's guys of life for you your
skidded yeah oh so utter is a otters boy
no that's all what he was kidding about
he's kidding about getting an attitude
here let's go get my car and just give
it away yeah I got brand new tires on it
today okay and she's the first one that
gets to drive it huh turkey oh yeah I
need this I don't even have school all
right you wait I have to give a
presentation so yeah I found out the
hard way seagulls aren't allowed in
grocery stores new tires that's what
they look like
looks pretty boring on YouTube doesn't
it under your clinical love you do
tonight and do night-night okay I can go
back to the house before we go on
adventures right okay because I gotta
handle something because the business
day is still active I can get one thing
done the need to is that cool cool let's
do
let's go let's go back home I got three
baseball's for one banana it was like
the best deal all right back at home
I've got to get some work stuff done
pronto ASAP I got a call the airline and
make sure that he is good to go without
an ID I read that like he can just fly
like just with a boarding pass so
there's hoping that that's it and then
we're gonna go out we got to buy some
stuff we're near the skate park and
watch people skate I'm not skating today
but I wanted to see if my friends are up
there maybe field stuff for you guys
we'll see well fun but he's gonna go to
the playground too so it'll be cool
let's get this done okay that took
forever it was like painful painful I
just had to go through I'd do some legal
mumbo-jumbo for stuff you don't care to
hear about and then I had to wait for
Delta to talk to somebody about
something so we did totally get a box
which is it's actually a piece of
furniture it's taking us forever to like
buy all the stuff we need for this house
like there's a table thing right there
but we got a play room table for right
in so he can build Legos own oh good
thank you for getting that one there we
go yep and I really hope that time to
put that together night because he's
been looking forward to having a table
to put Legos on for a long time let's go
now a skate shop right we're gonna go
the skate shop where's this cab
all right ready go this ketchup all
right here we are
concrete city skate shop right that's a
lot of skateboards isn't it can you find
a revival we'll go touch it don't touch
Oh people know you something else but
I'm not gonna say that name really do
you want to be that name uh well now
that's the forum where people don't know
if I even am Steven or how about Steven
from Arkansas you'll graduate good dude
I'm not but I'm not prom you are now no
I'm from here I'm welcome same place you
are
you grew up right here no like where you
grew up my house no we're brothers
I'm not skating but but Steven from
Arkansas is oh my gosh you were you did
that first try you said you wanted a
drink I gave you drink that's hard to
three flip man yeah are you gonna leave
a hanging you wanted red hair I was real
high five cool it always you might do a
trick on me Green ridin you on let's see
it whoo you almost rolled away skating
in a skate shop riding totally realize
you're not wearing a helmet
you should not be skateboard to get off
come on come on get off get off I'm not
kidding our dude thank you later
I like that alright so I had to buy a
helmet because it's for TV and or
whatever they use a commercial for they
gotta have a skateboard a helmet because
that's just how the world works and I
didn't even have one so okay I'll buy
one so that's what I was doing the way
it's gonna work is that they're gonna
have one for me when I actually go to
shoot the commercial cuz that's the way
my life works but all right let's get
you want you to the park for a second we
are rushed we don't have a lot of time
but we are gonna enjoy this because this
is dudes night out right all right let's
go okay so we just go to the park and it
is crowded and there's nobody I know at
the skate park so I was gonna film some
people skating so unfortunately I'm not
good about my skating because I don't
know anybody there
I don't think and then we're just gonna
go to different places we can play but
so sure you guys have skating here is
some clips of John Hill doing what he
does he's very talented he always has
clips so I'm just gonna feature some
John Hill clips and if you like you see
his a channel is in info down below so
cut to John Hill
dating and then we're going to the park
right
you
oh my whistle
no one expected that the word to do was
good
all right we're the playground we're at
a local playground and Wright is going
to play on it
do not fall okay I mean why that would
hurt this is how spider-man trained to
do what he does ready you're doing good
just really look at where your feet are
going okay this is what it was that even
fun I feel like at any age that would be
is too small of a slide now this this is
better
whoo Wow under my feet is that fun Wow
there's a ladybug on the slide ready so
we're going to target we're at Target
and we're gonna go in and I'm not
showing you guys with me Oh what I hope
would mark load why would target be
closed at five o'clock because there's a
time and we need to get dinner okay got
a bag of stuff all right where did you
get dinner when I said five o'clock I
actually meant to 5:45 and now is above
six so we're gonna get dinner we're
getting a taco we did we saw aunt Katie
didn't we I think Han Solo was driving
that truck right in writin where are we
no yep come on me pull my hand we are at
Bo's to eat a taco
that's a big taco for him
all right ready to go home and pack oh
my gosh home it feels like we ran so
many errands but we're finally home and
now I have to do I got to do a bunch of
stuff tonight I got a box from s so I'm
gonna unbox that for you guys I've got
to pack ridin and mine suitcases I have
to edit two videos I think that's it but
still that's gonna be a lot my gosh
let's get to work
I hopefully put together that table so
we'll see it is a busy day today let's
go gotta box play rooms messy buddy
boom okay whoa whoa whoa Excel slimming
oh it's beautiful
Kelly heart you knew that I wanted a red
shoe and you sent me a beautiful one all
right this is the Excel slim mid-and so
it's a little higher here it's like it's
not a high top it's a mid top oh yeah
you look awesome now let's see writing
it yep you look good is the air sighs as
a fit what can you get skating it I'm
really excited for this we actually just
got these in at the Shred course comm so
if you want a pair it links right down
there
or your local skate shop but um I saw
them and I haven't actually had a chance
to like pick them up and look at them
I've been so busy lately and it's
beautiful my gosh I cannot wait to try
this house probably honest kid this next
honestly another pair of the exact same
shoes I showed you ooh we got more red
oh my dude Kelly Hart
I owe you dinner dude I owe you
something lunch I don't know whatever
you want tell me what you want I'll get
it for you this is another beautiful red
shoe this they sell square with a deep
red whoa and we got a swift which is my
favorite skate shoe of all time I'll
come out and say it
I talk about these all the time hey what
is that shoe doing right there
butall fly from hey you like my tripod
it's a it's a barbecue so awesome i got
two pairs of these cell slim meds the
excel square and then a pair of this
swiss which are the best gates you ever
so uh kelly heart you rule thank you
very much Don brown both you guys are
awesome and I fully support s shoes if
you guys want to grab a pair go to your
local skate shop or my skate shop of
shred course calm we have them right
there so we're gonna move on to the next
part of this blogger so right ready
Wow who do I love yeah who what's the
most important thing about life um be
happy you nail it
alright let's go I'm gonna do this I'm
gonna get this upstairs and I'm gonna
put it together ridin do you want to
carry the camera load this is not the
lightest thing right okay are you ready
build this here's a box and here's a
table what do you think okay good you
think good Oh
and as we awesome yeah look at your two
color that's a Death Star
these are the people you call the cute
yes a long time ago I got the huge Lego
Death Star and it's just been sitting in
its box unopened and ridin and I are
going to build the Lego Death Star we're
gonna make a big time-lapse video of it
so that that's coming eventually that is
it thank you guys for hanging out with
this vlogger sowed I'm sorry it's
another one of those house days um and
I'd actually get out to go skate but the
next one will be no I'm filming some
that are just not in my house or
strikers entirely so there'll be some
like Street skating days and fun days I
don't know we'll see riding when it
comes to goodbyes YouTube I'm gonna let
you walk village on the lady cable
that's it
hey guys watching goodbye goodbye are
you a turkey ah are you a turkey wow are
you a turkey Wow are you a ham look
are you a turkey baby candy hey Chucky
I'll take it as yes
