oh my gosh okay I get to your face right
now yeah open your mouth real wide and
talk bang Alexander rad maker do you
want to skateboard in this lovely
weather at Beechmont Park yes I think
good because that's what that's what
we're here to do um okay now look that's
what his face looks like uh you know
potentially it could be jabbed into your
boom your tummy here is the crew right
now you just rapping no I wasn't you
should be do a hardflip right now get on
your board do a hardflip five four three
two oh I didn't know they always going
do a backside 360 five four three two
one and a half one side 360 oh my
goodness seven three quarters do a
varial heelflip you're not gonna come
five three two oh my gosh Johnny I was
off are you fail huh I'm not doing do a
kickflip five four three two one
that's good switch 180 a switch 25 480
back three two one he did it so Johnny
and Daniel
oh you should do no check I couldn't do
that trick if I could if I could do that
trick I still couldn't do that trick oh
my gosh what was that
I thought you spit at me dude just
dandelion me that should be a thing what
I was amazing who would think to do that
it was really expect catch goes hard
combined spectacular and excellent
spectacular say it you like I don't
wanna mess it up I want to look dumb it
still looks good oh here's Daniel oh my
gosh I like said whoa too early like
I've ruined the role of where really who
freakin you is you oh yeah like Mortal
Kombat it dude
I've never seen you slam that hard in
your life be alright I've heard myself
much more
oh no Becky the pride doesn't push Amy
giving them names like Novak II on the
internet and from left field we have
Johnny Geiger who's on a small
skateboard let's see what Novak he has
for us right now an ally shall hey hey
what gene Simmons
whoa whoa whoa what happened aah run
away Illinois we're we're playing I'll
reward you should give it to him so he
can put it back on mid trick everything
about my life just changed except most
things Shake Junt whoa there it was you
knew that though because you just
watched it Bray Hollywood star there did
they literally just carved the concrete
to put you in it yes I was doing when
Johnny was running I was like I really
hope this is the one everyone here my
gosh you have to land everything perfect
guys later trace be happy I didn't thank
you you are a Spanish French front
amazing I was like my my my fever like
so weak at the end your project I think
all of our bodies are weak it alone -
thanks dude Thanks he's never done that
before
I just witnessed a new Alexander ad
maker trick so that was a very fun skate
video up I have a message for you okay
what do these two dudes have in common
they are both male we're not know but
this dude really knows how to hold a
camera he knows how to do some
skateboarding stuff that's okay but he
really knows how to hold a camera okay
this dude really is known has had a
skateboard and they combined their
brains and created something really
really really good and it's going to be
right down in the info and at the end of
this video guy you're gonna cook them
what are the links whatever says kyon
okay it's his best work I'm a forever I
will forever preach this dude talent but
it is his best work it is amazing and
this guy killed it
thank you on a skateboard you guys
really need to check it out it is a it's
a work of art so uh that's my piece
support supports Kay party people
these are skateboarders gear handy yeah
we're about to get drowned out by outro
it's gonna rain it's literally gonna
write down without miss high five it's
me did you do it or did we do it you
have to call us out don't you
oh dude man I watch Keanu's like I just
trying to do a watermelon bras like just
gonna sit escape art relax my guy walk
now new era J hunt its WOD no it's kion
his name's kion so you really thought
you weren't trying to high five there I
definitely know it absolute was it miss
oddbod you go on I want to be like
outgoing oh wow was that we go pretty
sure there's a starship pink this can't
win of eros Torchic which one
you
