we are here with Daniel Trujillo his
middle name is Matthew and we are going
where downtown today we're skating
worked about to take alex rata make
alexander rademaker toe manual pad which
is going to be entertaining johnny is
gonna be pretty good too there's some
good people here but we're mainly we're
trying to find a spot for Alex and ER
yeah you want some of this more MORE
yeah of course I love warm water there
you go I might have to wash my hands
with some of the warm water I've done
that before I years always bloated
pretty cool turn signals are actually
optional on new year's day when you had
a wedding there's a wedding photo going
on yeah I wouldn't scare throws a
wedding going on their photos that we go
on like they have to literally get me on
their next day like this is what you
call a pretty skate spot it's pretty
pretty it's pretty it's pretty manually
hey Johnny have you been here oh no you
like it first time what's the first it's
gonna be I think you'll do great dude
Lisa what's the first word that you
think of when you see this fun I thought
so that's ominous Levi for open first
word too but if it was something like
turnip I would be like I did not see
that coming turn it not turn up turn up
sorry Daniel I was getting away with you
oh he still did it did you even get that
I think I did
oh my goodness that is so gone look it's
going up the curb though oh yeah you got
a friend you have a friend look Alex
this out that proves that you're you
saved you save the day you are Peter
Parker this afternoon he's a real Peter
Parker what did it all right i'll give
you two yeah
alright
that's my dude Jordan hunter
spider-man you like how Peter Parker
fell but I called for spider-man and he
still got his homeboy ya see I'm right
we're right Alexander rademaker is a
superhero hey spider-man my gosh how so
good dude trying to mess with us like
now won't land it you are
every time someone doesn't check to like
my toe touch I touched what I don't have
it I don't have any video proof of that
not you under yeah do that i just showed
Johnny the footage to prove that he
didn't scrape his tail on the manual and
I was right it's nice to be right once a
while
third hug in a session man
the first one was perfect but he was
like I want to do another perfect wow
dude hungover for come on man gotta keep
the division god so good what that was
the greatest manual session I've ever
seen in my life some of it was for video
part so I don't know how much you saw
but that was mind-blowing okay Alex that
was so good i'm going to put my I'm
gonna put my camera in the fountain all
right all right you ready guys ready
you caked my camera I did didn't lot
worse than that water it was horrible
yeah how was your coffee I don't know I
didn't Hartley's drink there you want a
photo get your myspace camera out come
on do it
ok
that was the dumbest thing that's going
to happen to me as it
you
