what is up guys we're doing data life
and I am tired which is not that weird
my wake up but it's 9:40 I woke up at
9:45 the last time I did that it was
probably like 16 not true at all it was
probably like just like a few years ago
but my point is my sleepy schedule was
super weird went to bed like 4:30 in the
morning last night and then I woke up at
9:45 and we're doing life which is a
really fun day like because we got
people here I always end around a maker
what up how's your BlackBerry you out
doing yeah Barbara ginger ale freakin
tasty and there's Johnny Geiger Brett
Novick and Cody Witter downstairs
sleeping they shouldn't be because we're
leaving in like 45 minutes to go E Eli's
barbecue for lunch it's gonna be super
tasty I'm getting coffee cuz that's what
I need I'm getting bread coffee I've
never bells doesn't want coffee how many
times may I say coffee in this but I
believe I woke up at 9:45 that is I
usually wake up at 7:30 no matter when I
goes she literally ate a piece of the
notebook okay I'm rallying the troops
and we're trying to take off I brought
Novak I think right Novak is the dude
that's sucking more than anybody I'm
gonna put that out there
oh you got it I like him yeah you can
have that bag there's cash bread I
blamed you I'll talk about furthest on
YouTube for a living wait okay I'm in
the cab yeah he's pretty she's all right
- you're actually a guy but I will never
ever call you a guy cuz your girl I like
taking credit yeah the real the real
game of today is to see how long this
coffee last spread I've literally it has
been ten hours after he's got coffee and
he'll be holding your coffee like is
that the same coffee is like well sure
and still somehow has ice in it it's
ridiculous
are you ready ever you're really ready
to go I got my shoes on I'll wash my
hands I got my shoes on
we'd be out here we're gonna eat some of
the best barbecue ever I'm gonna put in
my face it would get weird if I kept if
I win two more descriptions about it but
I'm gonna put in my face that's where
I'm gonna start keep going car turn on
and if you look to your left you will
see your left our lives are about to
vastly get better we have like an
entourage guys you should we walk in
slow motion I hate it
there's the pig life is about to be
really good I'm gonna eat it
how many I'm not any life I'm gonna eat
my sandwich yeah it's supposed to be
gold so what's this is your first time
it was a verdict it was really good
okay we can go back and just eat again
if you want to understand yeah what did
you just tell me yeah I never even like
ever like a week welcome to the United
States of America
yeah all right so we beheaded two
straight quarters I got to do a little
bit of work before we go out Street
skating we're gonna pick up Thomas
meeting up with us Brad Ames Emilio
Estevez and whoever else comes up we'll
see yeah you are you know you're halfway
done I think she went to jail for like
taking her grandpa walrus wore contact
lenses on Saturday we got some trucks
frantic a convenience store for this guy
who's not even gonna be in this shot
just gonna walk away there's no
explosion happening Tom Cruise had with
Moslem all right no that happens switch
hands number then yeah okay it's like
hey I want I want your money
boom that was safe yeah so we're finally
going straight course I made one wrong
turn which I think I've never done in
Cincinnati ever and let maybe when I was
like younger but they're made one wrong
turn it added 20 minutes to our day
Craig Craig Craig so this is almost
skateable something today we're still
gonna go streetscape either way be
excited for the where else Wednesday
when we skate this and you got to do
some tricks
Mary yeah you oh yeah he's hurt
okay you've got to do archery
okay so we're basically just hanging out
here for a second because I'm doing a
lies
you pretty much shouldn't do anything
physical for like an hour or so so I'm
going to show you guys where all the
skateboards went here in shred quarters
aha this is the new production side
production warehouse of strikers and
there's Alex providing amazing help
thank you he's making mini green right
now actually for me yeah what about me
hardware Oh what do we should do a tour
of this sometimes but hardware's ever
here Cody I'm gonna give you what I
would get isn't as Philips appreciate
thank you
I brought names these gonna be a video
game last night okay oh my gosh oh my
gosh what are you working on
Mortal Kombat Roundhill that is amazing
good right dude here you know what and
their desktop do you get dancing again
you get five dollars to do it sir
working on something that awesome thank
you I am so busy with all the dudes
being in town this week that these guys
are killing it and I'm not able to help
at all it makes me feel really bad and I
just wanna say thank you guys
except Casey cuz he's always doing
creepy things with the tongue Hangtown
Alex and Ryan you guys are awesome
let's go alright so we're finally
leaving I know you probably didn't see
much tricorders footage but we were in
there for like a good hour right yeah I
also have Gatorade a great thirst
question electrolyte fill drink that
will serve you right when you need it to
a plant screams I think I mean it might
be lies was the lies I was just trying
to sound like a Gatorade commercial but
Gatorade you know what I'm not trying to
sell you Gatorade Gatorade if you're
listening make Gatorade rain available
tell the convenience stores that they
need more of it cuz that's what I want
but then never have it hey you can't
yawn in outer space we are here at
Gillian's Cody is going to a hardflip
Rael is here I love this thing okay so I
didn't film it all when I did film I
didn't film for my daily life at all
when I first got here but I did get a
line for my video part which is good
because I really need a line I felt good
about it it's kind of a weird trick so
guys I might do some skating for you but
if you don't see me skating it's because
I I just killed myself trying to trigger
over there so cool cool cool guys well
dude you want to that 50 videos man you
okay hey
are you kidding me what was it wasn't
good enough just to land it oh I
couldn't see coz it's so bright out here
oh my gosh what is wrong with you so
many
I wish
yes hey Deva taste good bye dude
alright later Craig okay later Craig
gosh we suck every time every time boom
alright we're leaving we're gonna hear
the next mod I think Cody's gonna try
like the biggest trick everybody gonna
look at in the picture of it I hope he
tries it I hope you know he's gonna try
I'll be Ollie's it for my daily I said
he's gonna try 10 times and if he lands
it he'll and if he doesn't is one bring
himself in the second dead smart kid not
a kid ten times more guy exactly you're
good yeah Thomas you're Kate up trash at
the skate spot
alright so we went to the gas station
we've got another Gatorade and they
didn't have rain Gatorade please put the
pressure on the convenience stores do
something to get more Gatorade rain in
the world
I actually blame the viewers because
they were supposed to do something about
this you would ask them earlier this
from the time that they watched this
video like from the from that time mark
to that time market I should have all of
this apply any guys
I'm gonna have enough hard fluid in
front side clip that I know this and who
else
Devin Abner is very good
it's pretty long how many is it 12 11
it's a good takeoff though oh yes
all right well we're not gonna mess up
today because the doors are open and you
pretty much get kicked out immediately
so we want to do it right he wants to do
it I'm not involved with this I'm just
filming look who's here oh that's me
hey doing I just drew it for like three
hours really yeah like literally three
hours five oh yeah happy birthday I'll
do a nice mom it's your birthday really
split sucks
this is the greatest skate spot ever you
ollie in and then you launch yourself
out so this is a really good spot I hope
it'll take it out but this fence
basically means do not skate here Johnny
yeah you would like to that wouldn't you
I would love to yeah it's actually
called the Johnny Geiger please skate me
spot hello car that was really cool just
to get out and do nothing
no that's fun we went to two spots and
just look at them already sore I'm so
sore actually I am kind of store because
I just like let my muscles rest and now
there let's not do anything this one
right here this is a street it's a
really cool edge I'm not gonna skate it
I tried you the other day and I was like
this is a little it got really hot all
of a sudden it's like the sun's out or
something what swag out there that was
so good and do you like sour patch kids
yeah you didn't start fresh kids later
on you can start with you good job
is that a rap gland of your trigger you
take a seat just to relax
this has been a productive day okay hi
everyone guys have tricks and I got your
might video part Thomas got a trick to
his video part that you're not gonna see
until the video
I got an exercise although I'm eating a
lot of food today so that doesn't
necessarily matter
alright so skating is finally over it
was a longer day probably more than it
looked like in this video but it's like
city fuck at night and now we're gonna
go we're gonna go to an Indian
restaurant and the white kid is gonna
meet up so that'll be awesome I haven't
been seeing them enough lately have been
so busy hosting these dudes that it's
finally families on and here's Brett
it's Brett Thai Indian food Indian food
13 pancreases hi our faces are not to be
really happy yeah what do you have what
do you think what I have I don't know
saag paneer dude saag paneer add
chickpeas happy hot sauce no hot level
of heat words that I'm trying to say
look who's here
in a while Cheerios are the recipe he
doesn't enjoy myself so are you in the
next play because it's not going to be
No
come on write names all right
I have a james bond something yes and
the best thing is that everyone's seeing
a little head go across the window right
now so since it's Sam's birthday we're
gonna go to a donut ice cream bar over
towards my area of town and against a
burro tweet-tweet
let's we gonna get you a Twitter tweet
and then I'll forget about I like your
humor it's closed now when did you guys
get here
Jason Park is flipping on about the
party that is it also tell Alex that we
are soul mates but he just doesn't know
it yet what do you say to Jason party
that's game he wants to box you okay
what's the ball right well after
deciding we're gonna postpone it we'll
do what we talked about earlier and
celebration okay okay soon maybe
tomorrow you know what you ready to go
in the garbage what am i reading trash
can I just throw you in come on you'll
enjoy it
get over here I'll see you at home okay
buddy
I love you I paid the people at the
donut shop money to close down a few
minutes early so he couldn't get hey
birthday treat
bedtime buddy come on let's go this late
I didn't it was weird because I did like
two things today I skated and then eight
and now it's this time there you go
right enjoy peanut love the apples I'll
just she's so much thank you would me
hug buddy I love you
so I usually end my day in life split
right into bed but there's one thing
that it mean to you for a long time and
Brett who's gonna help me with it is an
anchor power line microUSB which is all
this anger stuff pretty much do you like
your charger yeah actually yeah it rocks
Laurens my dude a tanker he was like man
we've tested like this is the strongest
court have you can't break it and I was
like okay what are you giving me to
challenge I said I'm never gonna try to
tug of war okay well yeah breaking this
cool oh my gosh dude this is like this
if you should be on a car just go that
way Trevor Lawrence you win that's a
true story that is that this is like the
strongest USB cable is everything that
is it I think this is a day in life 44
do you anything to say about the day or
the fact that all we did was skate and
eat no I was painfully delicious which
was a great it's a great thing that you
say about your day yeah that's true yeah
so all right
but I feel like that until next time oh
I have a thing going on his channel this
week you yeah this goes up to Saturday I
think I have a the awesome video come on
hen channel on Monday so good morning
his channel will be down in the info I'm
excited I'm like a legitimate you on my
channel situation it's about time you
know it's about time huh
aughter I have something to confess I
totally meant to stop by and get Alex
Sour Patch Kids and I didn't to be
continued
forgive me
