oh my gosh how does that happen how in
the world does that happen I know I say
these things like this all the time but
this is hands-down one of my favorite
balls of this year easy peasy
this is my voice time where I feel like
I sound sick or something but I'm not
sick I'm actually very well because I'm
not running face-first into elevator
doors that aren't open you might not
even understand what is happening in
this club okay Jason Park is doing a
nose manual where the elevator door
opens and then he goes through to the
other side of the elevator because that
door is open too and then he lands the
nose manual and it's great it's really
good trick Jake worked as a genius okay
you freaking ask him what he wants on
his hamburger and he's like I'll have to
doesn't make sense but it's a good
answer
like if someone walks up adjacent Park
and says hey have you ever skated
face-first into a door that isn't open
he can say yes yes I've done that I
think that could be on his resume and
frankly if I was a boss and I was hiring
somebody and they had that other resume
I'd be like you know what you have
enough confidence to put that on your
resume about how you're hired
so basically Jason Park has a job he
actually does have a job he's a
professional skateboarder seriously what
was going through Jason's mind does he
not look in front of him when he's doing
nose manuals I feel like I look a little
bit I feel like I would notice that the
door I'm entering hasn't opened like
look at this frame it's right in front
of him a small part of me likes the
thing that this is this was on purpose
he's like you know what let's get a
really funny fall I'll just know his
manual into the door don't open it guys
but there's no wager because he
naturally looked like he wasn't he
didn't expect that although he should
have expected it because it was
basically like skating into a wall go
figure
the wall didn't move maybe what happened
is that James Park is so good at
skateboarding that doesn't even think
about the tricks he just assumes he's
going to land them like if he gives us
the inside Jason Borges and mint knows
man what would he be thinking maybe he
was thinking about like a perfect field
and happy music while he's doing this
knows Manuel
and then gravity came crushing down this
is one of the most entertaining falls in
the world so Jason Park did great things
that day when he stepped in front of
that unopened door of an elevator so at
least there's that the entertainment
value is amazing I am so glad it
happened no offense to James Burke's
face or body but I'm really glad it
happened bad thing is that no one is
going to learn from this because no one
is going to try to do manual tricks
through an elevator except Jason Park
it's like I was on Jeopardy and it was
like skateboarding tricks through
elevator I would be like what is Jason
Park I'm freaking say that ask question
because that's how you answer in
jeopardy and I would get it right Alex
Trebek who should be dead by now let's
just put that out there I don't want him
dead understand he's like 200 years old
that was really bad I feel bad that I
just hated to be there and he shouldn't
be dead right now but he's an old dude
okay and he's still doing the Jeopardy I
don't know how he got so sidetracked on
this but that's impressive but a spark
landed the trick and it's actually in
this video part playful secrets which
was done by Jordan Kim Jordan's a super
talented videographer over in Hawaii
madam he's a good dude obviously the
Jason parks a good dude they are a good
combo I wish to the skateboarding that
he's posted on his channel recently so
you can watch that and they'll keep
talking afterwards because I talk too
much on the Internet
I hope you guys like that jason has been
uploading videos on YouTube lately which
is a gift to us all like Jason Park
having a youtube channel he's always had
one but even actively putting content
onto it is amazing please go check it
out the link will be at the end of this
video and right down there in the info
you will love it you will freaking love
it that's it
I'm in my office today I switched up the
sunette scenery because we moved
production everyone that's all where
else Wednesday like where did all the
skateboards goats if they're in a new
place and you guys will see that I think
tomorrow in my daily life 44 that is it
I don't have anyone here to do a hot so
you don't like no you know what let's
get the screw it let's go get Ryan
chambers okay it was or Katie
we haven't okay see I was here get Casey
nice and hot yeah I figured why not it's
makes sense right now you do my videos
remember along friends well cover it my
pants sighs Casey Besler that's my name
how are you doing today
alright good alright the question is
Casey what is the first thing you think
about when you wake up in the morning
let's just say a giant child stepping on
my future child
a giant mammoth stepping on my future
child that was horrible I don't know or
we'll get out of here no no my
granddaddy
you
