this is a good day you know why because
we have Alex run and ER and ER we have
Alexander rata maker here in Cincinnati
Johnny Geiger's here - we're going to
pick up Cody Witt and later on Bret
Novak I don't know if the video is gonna
get that far though but we're doing a
Cody wind we're gonna take Alex and ER
where do you come Alex because I call my
house but on the Internet's coatings and
Alexandra it's really confusing and I'm
just gonna let it be and I'm gonna be
that lab explanation so we're gonna go
pick up Cody right now to figure out as
its shapes and Alex who's gonna kill it
he's going to destroy this place the
spot that was destined for him it's like
his destiny the skate shapes so it'll be
fun that you were driving I have a
headache that's why he's driving I just
kind of want to rest we got a truck man
and we are driving underneath a sign
okay we finally got a partner spot we
probably what's 15 minutes of looking
we're so far away from the airport I
don't know what it is but everybody's
insanity all at the same time so you
know what let's go park our car at the
airport it's yellow in here Friday's
house works handshake ever fry names
you're right Brian thank you for bring
me food Brian welcome it's really hard
to call you Alexander so I explained to
YouTube that you're Alexander but I'm
gonna call you Alex all right
you're rockin shades will you please get
in that massage chair right now Johnny's
in the chair
is it good it's something like good oh
no no no no no stop stop it stop it
we got friends we got another friend
what up dude hugs smacking with Doritos
hug smack both hands know how a bag nope
that's actually amazing for us cuz we
can just go skateboard rather than
weighted luggage time all right what do
you try to do that okay yeah do that one
you got another chance all right run run
run oh you did it yeah it was actually
like I'm gonna it's already doing it
shut up when it sticks wooden sticks the
card out or no maybe that wasn't happy
either way it beeped
so Chris yeah we are at shapes this is
your destiny yes have you guys have not
seen his skateboarding you've been
living under several rocks your whole
life he's about to do some enjoyable
things on this are you ready yeah oh my
gosh was that a three chef at what point
in your brain you're like you know what
I'm just gonna make this better yeah I
tell you such at the end though did you
yeah I did I'll edit it out that didn't
happen at least we have peanut butter
you weren't kidding
let's do this
Oh
that was it
depends how much the smells amazing
instead of filming I decided to just
drop my camera and let it roll across
the ground I got that just walking from
here get out of here that's him
that was not the right trick but I'm not
sure actually Wow
oh my god he just ran in front of us
he's just a great guy are you okay I'm
fine but like that was crazy to Johnny
Johnny's first reaction was to run in
front of a bus you are a that was that
was the end of the video or maybe we'll
keep going I'm not sure what happens
next time warp to brett Novak's face
we're gonna celebrate all the tricks
that this dude did everyone else can fly
off just him we're gonna celebrate it by
him eating food I like food how do two
guys go eat something though does your
food because he landed his tricks I'll
take that as the reason yeah thank you
