oh okay okay oh my gosh you jumped and
tried to sleep with the ball
ridin alright you know what a slam dunk
is yeah well then show me yes there was
like you have gotten so much taller dude
I'm gonna make that higher than you do
it again okay oh my gosh this is way
taller alright jump up there yes you are
a slam dunk er dude you are a slam
Duggars you know that make it higher I
don't think it can go higher you want to
try it higher yeah oh you sit on that
thing you put what's up guys so write it
and I got the idea to do a slam dunk
video and we're totally gonna
incorporate that trampoline wherever is
we got my head
trampoline slam dunks isn't gonna be fun
unfortunately I can't do much because
I'm way taller slam dunk the hoop not my
head that was a scary laugh do you like
the Joker
alright so unfortunately I'm a little
tall for this okay because we don't have
like a full-size basketball but this guy
is up this is your time to shine okay
are you ready
can I see an awesome slam dunk face
that's pretty good I want you to do that
while you're slam dunking okay now it
just looks like you're in pain hey first
what's the first thing that you I do
okay how are you give it a jump back
don't hit your head jump back and that's
not a slam dunk a backboard friend gasps
let's see it did that go in
yeah I don't think it did it wait it was
really fast I felt like this so we'll
know are you ready do it Oh
I went into the fingerboard hole you did
a trickshot and a backward slam dunk
high five good dude you're a pro
although that was not the first-ever
backward step ducks but just to just to
let you down it was your first ever
right yes my victor remember there
laughing you already did that you threw
it behind you I thought oh that's not a
slam dunk if you're taller than that
okay well this is pretty tall why don't
we put it on top of this you wanna do
that how excited are you for that right
dude this is tall you think you do it
yeah where are you
there's no white Ange up that's all yeah
well yeah that's how you slam dunk whoa
okay maybe I'm just missed judging ACK
over here okay that's not bad let me do
it one more time I must stand on this
thing are you ready
super slammed one time Oh are we gonna
do this rippling yeah alright hold on
that's not hard you gotta you gotta like
do a distance one okay
gonna make this higher get a run from
here jump and get air and then slam dunk
okay oh now do it one-handed Oh even you
are too big for this now like we need to
go to a trampoline park with the with a
basketball not wait yeah okay okay oh my
gosh
I did not think it was gonna fall and
then also there was just like a Leaning
Tower of Pisa you all right you are
definitely my son buddy no this is in
the main video those like that was
amazing yeah you're safe and you got it
can you do a slam dunk will smile on the
camera like that yeah all right let's
see it with the right Brydon we're gonna
move the trampoline and you're did a
super mega slam dunk are you ready I'm
gonna hold the thing so it doesn't like
fall on you again okay well you sure
that it can hurt all right ready
see if you do it oh okay you let go at
the last second but you got that dude
all right let's see it oh that was just
a hit you in the head twice righted yeah
all right all right you got it
okay bagel bagel cheese are you guilty
or something
he was like looking at leg as he freaked
out let's let's make you a runway so you
can really run up okay so get back there
run jump slam dunk sit up run oh I think
we're taking that one that was good
wasn't it yep and now you're just a
lounging like you're on a beach treat it
right okay I could pay roid
so riding said you won't do a slam dunk
video and I think that's the best we can
do yeah because it's just not big enough
like we need a actual hoop and a real
trampoline okay so maybe we'll do a
continued version but I'm gonna do a
trick shot or two are you down for that
huh all right can you fill me all right
I'm right here I'm gonna just gonna bash
it and go in okay I could probably just
film it myself you ready
anything does it work all that work
how am I gonna do this if you're jumping
on the trampoline move all right right
here should hit you instead over here
this is kind of hard to film at the same
time I gotta hit harder than that all
right ready boom oh we came back let's
get a different angle of that okay you
read the cameraman you're upside down
you're getting tickled upside down
you're in stranger things you're in
stranger things are you kidding me got
it Yeah right look trampoline watch out
oh you just made a shot trampoline here
bounce off that off the wall into there
do you want to try it
look you just bash it in here you got to
stand back here and just bam bam see how
it does that mega mega throw it yeah
Oh Oh see you got throw really hard to
get it up this high okay do it oh well
yeah the hoop is up here though not not
down there
super smash yeah
you just said it was impossible before
you did it back guys but you did sit
down you ready what you want to get over
there that was way easier I feel like
that was should have been harder than
the first one the first one took me a
second it was slam dunks over here sir
can I see you hey guys here slam dunk
license I need to see her slam dunk
license this is it okay oh yeah it works
there you guys go there was some
scrambling basketball trickery that's
the truth did a lot of different things
in this video didn't we
but I it was fun we hope you guys liked
it I do videos here all the time and
this guy's in my videos at least once a
week we always have father-son videos
they're a lot of fun but I do a lot of
skateboarding I do a lifestyle stuff but
anything I think is fun I make youtube
videos on so if you want to see more
from me you hit the subscribe button
right down below the video and you are
signed up to see more it's free it's
easy and that would rock and tomorrow I
have a fun skateboarding video I wear us
Wednesday you like where else
Wednesday's what's your favorite part of
where I was Wednesday
Brian kicks the door down that's my
favorite part too but yeah you guys have
a great day and I will see you guys
tomorrow
Rodney want to do the outro alright so
say subscribe or something I don't know
sky bag right go to sleep yet wow I
don't wanna go to sleep so I would
subscribe but you guys have a good day
that's the important part
can you give a piece on reading can you
do a Vulcan piece on look do that can
you do that you must did you do it I'm
not kidding try it going this put your
hand up in the air well don't you you'll
get there one day in the meantime get to
go No
