YouTube what's up guys I Spit it's about
time I haven't done a shoe test in a
while I'm doing a shoe test but first I
need shoes saver I need shoes so I'm
going to test the SS lows today this
wind is awful let's just pause for a
second and I apologize if the wind ruins
any of this because my it's gonna ruin
the skating that's for sure but if you
get here mirror for something for some
reason I'm sorry we have a mic hopefully
it works is the SS law I like to call it
the sports car of skate shoes okay here
it is very sleek it's like an
aerodynamic design you know it kind of
looks like an athletic
skate shoe I like the shape person I
like how it looks the simplistic colors
really what I kind of look for in a
skate shoe aside from like how it feels
and even has the right toe cap this does
have a toe cap kind of like the Swift
and I love the Swift so I'm excited
about that
the bottom looks like this but the
craziest part of the shoe is that is
light it is really really light
hands-down the lightest skate shoe I
have ever felt in my life like I feel
like I could just like I don't know it's
like one of those things that's so light
and I feel I couldn't throw it that far
because it's too light there's my hair
if you want to see it it's your crazy
light it feels well built like this
feels like a solid shoe still so some
brain people okay some brain people over
at s we're like let's and designed to
have super intelligent shoe because it's
a it's like I say it's like a sports car
man's it looks nice feels nice and it's
really light so I have never skated a
shootout of this shape I guess you can
say how it's a little sleeker there's my
hair again I'm really interested to try
because it's so unlike my typical skate
shoe I skate the Swift's that are kind
of I don't know they're for classic
shape you know look at this it's like a
dagger you might be able to stab
somebody with that don't stab anybody
but I'm just saying you know if there
was like a bad guy from a movie if like
Megatron came at you boom you got this
shoe wouldn't do anything cuz it's so
light but either way let's get rid of
these for now I'm not gonna throw them
away because they're there Swift's on
the greatest shoe that's ever existed
let's put these on I'm gonna tell you
how I feel in them and then I'm going to
skate and see how they see how they work
for me for my very first session hey man
yeah I called me yeah so instead of
holes it has like these like little like
what would you call these
I would call them vans tunnel pockets
Telma pockets that's what it's a burka
but yeah I don't have you'd see this but
they don't have holes they have like
little like bands that the shoelaces go
under they are comfortable at first go
that is the one thing about ass if you
watch any of my ass skate test videos
they're the most comfortable shoes you
will never you will ever buy they're so
good it's like walking like cotton candy
kind of like that place skating cotton
candy I don't know what I'm talking
about
one thing that I'm excited about is I'm
excited to be in black shoes all right
when I put on the grey shoes like that's
kind of nice and on same black shoes but
now that I'm back in black shoes on my
ends
this is horrible well dude they feel way
more solid being so light I thought they
were gonna be like I'm walking on this
now you know like nothing no shoe at all
like feel really thin but uh I feel good
so actually try this out they like sex
so bad it's very way it needs to be
awful I did a three flip and the board
flew that way
like I said it's way way more solid than
I thought it was gonna be like way more
protective and thicker than I thought it
was gonna be so let's try to do some
tricks let's do a kick home test
all right good all right I can't do it
it's like slowing me down as I go as I
rolled toward the obstacle so I am NOT
going to touch these shoes I'm gonna
come back into her day the video will
cut and it'll be a better day without
wind it's literally been two weeks it's
been bad weather for two weeks I'm doing
a state test I haven't skated them
they're beautiful new condition
everything I said still holds true but
we're gonna actually skate him and see
how they go I'm gonna turn up the
brightness I did already passing it with
tests so I'm just gonna get right into
it what what what should I skate for i
usually a kickflip from 50 on the box
okay I'll do the first trick on the box
style points let's do what 1890
I don't know what happened a probably
some guy stuck just with Holly but I
lost balance when it Ali that was razor
blades - am i bleeding negger scratched
up though Wow felling that was painful
there's the impact oh my gosh
it's going but mine winded I have no
wind in my head
wow that was a good three flip that was
the interesting
so I that 360 double flip took me it
took me a few times and it's probably
because of the shape of the shoe the
shoe feels super comfortable it's very
light I'm used to like a wider shoe so
it took me a kind of second to get the
hang of double flips but I tried a bunch
and there's like there's like no
scratches on this thing like does that
impress you Sam favor yes the shoe feels
great and for how light it is like me
jumping down this gap it did not hurt at
all even when I jump to my feet so I
don't know if this is new technology
like like but every skate shoe should
pretty much have this sole because you
could feel your board but it does not
hurt to jump down and that is magical
especially when you're not you know 14
years old like me so I love this this is
really really cool I have a handful of
Swift's all peak probably definitely
check this out at your local we have
along with other s shoes s you rock
thank you for sending me these Kelly
Hart Don Brown you guys are the best I
actually have a giveaway coming up soon
where you'll have a chance to win some s
shoes so it suited for that but in the
meantime
definitely check out your local shade
skate shop or the strike or table we
carry these and I pack them fully
whatever set now let's go to BT because
I'm gonna ask you a questions and it's
gonna be a comical answer I'm sure hey
would you do 10 pages of homework or or
eat four bowls of Rockley four bowls of
broccoli you would okay well I'm going
to get I'm going to make four balls of
broccoli you better eat them with
mustard
you do a giveaway where I have I'm
giving away I'm just doing a giveaway
where I'm giving away stuff whoa go
figure Eddie was so bad
somebody background clips of Jordan
falling
