hey this is Joe Geiger and beer in
Switzerland actually we're not in
Switzerland building liechtenstein it's
a country right next to Switzerland and
I'm Andy shrunk now I'm not but today we
are going to try to film something very
special and it's going to be a trade a
blip in every stance for Andy schrock's
channel yeah you heard right I'm not
wearing a red t-shirt we're going to
start off this we gotta start off this
video with a regular trade a blip
district is probably gonna be the
hardest of all nollie is probably gonna
take me ten tries I'm gonna go for ten
tries I'm gonna do it right now right
here
I'd have seen me skating flat ground so
I'm just going to do a blunt faking in a
small ramp just to get some fresh
footage
right now I feel way better I actually
feel like I had some fresh volume on
right now so um let's go for that nollie
tre level thank you so much thank you so
much ah thanks do it next right somewhat
the nation one kids ride in my way hey
oh just reassuring
oh I was so sketchy
I'm so sorry my board was riding his way
I'm so sorry you think you can forgive
me yes thanks so much thanks all right
we're gonna land right now for you feel
be gonna be gonna retry this
oh yes looks perfect whoo I haven't been
doing these tricks I haven't done this
trick in like one year I swear that felt
good I felt really good all right now we
gotta go for flaky and switch and I
think this is gonna be all right let's
go for
real by four days
solid
alright that was fake I was just gotta
go for switch Shane O'Neill switch trade
novel flip and then we're done for today
at least I'm done for today because I've
been skating for like five hours all
right right now ready go
Oh
oh that was second try and that was good
i guess i'm fine with death yeah yeah
I'm good with that all right these were
trade-off sleeps in every sense regular
lolly Mikey and switch hey got it thanks
so much for watching this really
appreciated you can subscribe to my
channel by just clicking on my head I
got a lot of freaks that are doing every
stance or a lot of you tricks or
entertaining videos whatever you want to
see on my channel I know my English is
not that good but at least i got some
tricks some like roundish tricks so
thanks so much and enjoy Spring Break
that is Johnny Geiger ladies and
gentleman Johnny rules she's clearly
very good at skateboarding who does a
switch 360 double flip second try so if
you liked what you saw check out his
channel it's the bottom link right there
you will enjoy it johnny is actually
coming Cincinnati here in a few days and
you're gonna see some new content of
them but in the meantime check out his
channel goodbye
you
