mom is mama waffle what you think mom is
actually a waffle what how does that
make sense because my out probably your
iPad yeah now we have a lot of games on
it because I got fast weight least
you're playing a math game that's good
right in it is a gloomy day why can any
be nicer for five seconds buddy lights
camera action
Hey look we got what is it what are we
gonna do with that
oh yeah let's do that yeah what is up
guys so this is vlog Assad yeah 18 I
think right Oh eight yeah 18 well he's
confident at least there's that it's a
gross night since I he's been so
disgusting for a long time but I've got
some awesome things having I'm getting
like tonight is amazing for me actually
starting with a package from Orion I
don't know I was getting this buy it but
I got it so that's cool and then I'm
gonna go do some errands with family eat
dinner and then I'm gonna skate to shred
quarters with John Hill do you know John
Hill is and yeah me I'm he's my buddy
here's your buddy yeah high five too
slow missed we don't actually need keys
cuz of the bag huh how about there hey
can we're both gonna open it you got
this all right grab pull that is there
another bet are you kidding me another
thing to open in here Jake Stuart what
are you what are you doing to me buddy
who's kidding Jake's a good dude
we like dude oh my gosh sure I pull off
some stuff boss himself right heck yeah
ooh purple with galaxy I like that
don't go really good with the the space
revive lifeline it's paper based like
line that is awesome hey slow down let
me just enjoy the fact that it's got
purple bass trucks with a space graphic
on it I love you guys can see that you
can go on their website insurance to see
what this actual okay beautiful come on
something else pull someone else
heck yeah
two pairs oh there s other now hekia
this a two-person choice now I really
have to skate that dead space lifeline
next and then Oh
do not throw these in the air all right
we don't have time to clean them up we
gotta leave look at this in my eye like
why just bend this one you can have this
one okay back back back up for five
seconds oh my gosh I love you whoa okay
uh red and black Orion singers that is
amazing thank you for making these in
general but this is gonna go on my
skateboard these are gonna go on my
skateboard do you want one you want that
one though
Warren yeah haven't you want to don't
throw it you use it stick it somewhere
but just stick it somewhere
right don't stick it just anywhere okay
and then we got some baby blue ones then
we have some red and black this size
suit so heck yeah thank you uh Jake and
Max a Tehran you guys are the best
Orion's have iMac for so long now and I
love the trucks and if you need a pair
of trucks get a parrot or on trucks
because they're awesome
hmm that's what I thought yeah what do
mean now
no no not ever I wasn't kidding gosh
well although I did find out that they
come in the big ones come in blue - okay
so rides gonna clean this up and then
we're going to get a package at my mom's
house got sent to my mom's house for
some buddies I'm gonna go pick that up
Lima is brave man memo's my mom yep
amazing meanwhile your grandma yo Trey
Mac okay everybody's mad and then I'm
going to go get a new guitar tonight I'm
real excited this is like everybody you
think I'm giving like everything in the
world tonight I'm not I'm sorry if I
appear spoiled or something but oh
spending my own money so at least
there's that I know we saw is that how
you're gonna wear your your hoodie or
your sweatshirt there you go help
what does that say do you know that says
manapua hey
I'm just grabbing it buddy I'll be right
back okay no it's a box I got a box from
ass too I'll open up the debt the next
vlog is a video ridin my grave for
dinner we're hungry we're gonna go eat
dinner now and then get a guitar okay
are you ready no
and that is why tornados will never
happen on a Tuesday ridin reading here
Carabas and it's raining just what
Cincinnati does they have the best bread
in the entire world and I'm dieting so
I'm literally just gonna eat like a
thing of salmon and be depressed as my
family eats everything that I've ever
wanted to eat what you kill over there
right right is an ice cream yeah I make
new and when it is all blue isn't it
there is the best bread in the world and
I'm not eating it okay mine has sauce on
it that's probably gonna be delicious
but try not that good for me Wow who are
you guys you hey pretty cute got a box
food how was dinner
Wow was it good yeah was it good yeah
was it good ah was it good god this guy
totally could juggle spaghetti for
anyone to look at lamps
so we're Hobby Lobby instead of it
getting it our cars next I'm getting
rained on so are you youtube look that's
the sky credit are you getting rained on
we got lamps we officially have limbs
what do you got there oh oh you trying
to spoil your name that's a start
that Harry Potter wand Thanks sakes
Billie Armas oh don't do not Wanda me
boy here it is we got one it's shiny
it's not really my style but um you know
sometimes I like doing things that turn
normally wouldn't do and I'm a guy so
there's not much I care about when it
comes to lamps it don't the guy give me
back my socks we're at the gas station
go to buy a new guitar it's been a long
time my guitar has been a broke for a
while so I'm happy to and I'm finally
doing this here's a child's face and
then geek Andy no you're not wills music
one of the only stores that's still open
in this mall so you're go small look at
this
look at how dead this so I talked myself
out of it I was sitting there looking
like tailors and Martens and they're
kind of pricey even but I was goin for
like the lower models I have to meet the
guys to skate and I was like I felt like
I was rushing a big purchase so I was
like I'm just gonna do this another day
right and we're so yeah George Clooney
personally sold the hot sauce was kind
of weird
okay we are home and I cannot wait to
open what is in this box this isn't for
you this is for me but do you want to
open what's in this box
Wow thankfully because dad got it okay
this is for dad you have the Box you can
have what's inside oh and these were
success it doesn't look as shiny when
the lights are on with stuff how we like
it
you like that ridin boy our room is
absolute message I'm trying to
strategically film this but I put this
up here because if I didn't put it up
there the cats were slept in it all day
yeah yeah you know in terms of climb on
this Bob let's do this come on let there
be Lloyd and we're right back where the
video started aren't we
I'm ready to get a guitar I just didn't
want it to feel like I was rushing into
it you know so I'll do it another day
maybe I'll be in a video maybe it won't
are you bummed to dead in getting Atari
yeah I will daddy good at all you say
guitar good good talk very gentle what
is in here you're never supposed to mess
around okay oh you guys see that
Iron Man number one this is amazing the
very first issue of Iron Man look at it
well I found this online for a decent
price I've always wanted to like collect
like you know rare comics like comics
that mean something and I remember ones
pretty epic Iron Man is my favorite
superhero so mine is palooka Captain
America okay put these on you I'm gonna
put these PJs on you
brush your teeth come on let's press our
teeth you mean widen so you have healthy
teeth I'm giving you truly my
own what's not sure this is what you
should do I'm going to skate with John
Hill and Sam Tabor well I
hey mom won't finish putting you Betty
Kay I love you
alright a good day with you you're all
the way up there I was gonna come I was
gonna kiss you bye oh all right
I love you bet of you you could easily
just pushing back and then collect life
insurance me I don't have life insurance
like I do we don't have that so it'd be
a pointless a bit pointless a scheme hi
John hey man let's go skate I'm down ok
put the box you see the box yeah who
would do that
Casey Becker for sure just mess with us
yeah this has probably been the weirdest
longest road ever like it's just at the
same time it's my house and shred
quarters every time because that's all
what I've been doing lately but I'm
about to start traveling so they're
gonna get different right now we're
gonna end this vlog aside with some
skateboarding filmed by John Hill hello
puts his tripod down and it's amazing
it's the best thing ever so cut to that
footage
ah
on ya I would like to give a heartfelt
thank you to you for this dude every
time we skate here he films everything
with his little magic tripod and he
sends me the footage is the best thing
ever so a heartfelt thank you it's my
pleasure
yeah but to end this video do you want
to know Li hit with the stairs yeah
we've got you've got one try to do it if
you don't public you humiliation no
humiliation no humiliation what was I
gonna say them oh your sandal is right
down below thank you for that
vlog Asad 19 to be coming soon and catch
it
goodbye order I will see you in a little
bit I will see you in a little bit I
will see you in a little bit
