I'm trying to do my job oh if you were
nine years old this would totally be
sorted
Brian Eames hi what are we doing dude
walking past my car yeah it's uh we
haven't done one of these in a while
this is a comment reading time
Brian Eames is going to get on a
cellular device he's gonna bring up a
video of his choice right there this is
this is actually a scarier mountain
because these rocks aren't as stable as
the ones over there that's a nice little
scenery I give you earth couch no and
it's not windy dude you're right told
you man you can get a rock in your butt
cheek always the sun's coming out and
everything we're facing the wrong way
that's good I'm gonna let's let's let's
go back and way back let's go back a
little bit all right we're doing ruined
his skateboard trick challenge I had
joke Larson wasn't aware was Casey's
face with the fancy music I have to
watch the video I don't know I know I
don't it's not a good question did bring
up look at this rock though it's gonna
fall alright I'm picking the urban video
because you people suck at asking
questions apparently well I don't ask up
for questions just were just responding
to comments so if you just find some
good you can do an update my future ever
worst teacher she was that was it she
said you were you cheated in the oh yeah
yeah missin MS listen the only reason
I'm reading this is because it hasn't
been addressed in a while and I feel
like it needs a reiteration everyone's
let's reiterate it Jake Val Muir wants
to know what happened to Jace from like
the first we haven't we have mentioned
it in a little bit it is mind-boggling
people still ask that because it's he
wasn't in that met and in the grand
scheme of things he wasn't in that many
rear of engines he stopped at like 20 or
something you know yeah I think I don't
know but uh no he was in thirty near my
outcast he was in a hand but yeah he's
in a lotta more actually but Jace just
he was a kid yeah he's like he was like
my little brother when all this started
um I've known him since he was like a
baby little girl baby and when he
started skating he hung out with us he
was awesome he's part of the generally a
baby yeah he was - he was - and I met
him and then I'm Friends of this family
like really close friends of this family
that's why and he just he's in high
school man he like he didn't want to
just skate all the time you want to
skate but he's just like he wanted have
a high school life and said just going
out with us and filming stuff and we
still hung out and skated after that I
still see him once in a while like you
saw our friend he just
you know he just kind of did high school
things he just lived the high school
life high school stuff yeah so I don't
know he was just he still skates but he
just we parted we mutually parted ways
on the company side of things that's it
okay
he's Jake that's a good answer he's to
this day he's I just he was just put the
board together scheduling last week
skater in Paradise to reply was gonna be
hyped it says it would make my year of a
nice rock commented on this comment left
out loud well he's gonna I'm not gonna
make it here cuz I'm not commenting
right you know you're gonna skater of
the year skate skater in paradise in
Paradise 305 there hype oh yeah I'm glad
you're hyped and I'm hyped that you're
hyped okay so hype on say mom who Mary
Grace yeah are we gonna ever do a
skating hanging Los Angeles yes yes we
are yeah we absolutely that means that's
probably this year someone that would be
insane yeah well yeah and then we also
will do one I mean actually we might
doing this month in another city I don't
know what city I don't know I gotta
figure it out like this mom yeah when
all the people in town we're gonna take
a little road trip it'll be fun
a res blaze says the bloopers had me
dying well it's good that you survived
dying because they he had they had him
dying so he's not dying anymore
III watch Andy's videos of the bloopers
I'm not gonna like them a lot weird I
are very weird I just I need to do
another blue of montage yes you do yeah
it would come out there like like Sam's
vine compilations and your blue bruiser
they're there to real gems in the
internet they used to be a lot weirder
you can you have control over this no I
don't that's a I don't fake them like
I'm just just my spaz eNOS has evolved a
little bit I feel like I'll Oscar Oscar
the unboxer says I have Xbox one
Congrats Oscar that's awesome yeah it's
okay I own a ps4 I'm still your friend
I've got a Wii U a ps4 and Xbox one and
I am perfectly fine every Nintendo
system ever but I don't have that I
don't
I quack vision says please bring back
blooper montages bro wow those when
yours back we don't need to respond to
it I've had one within the last six
months I don't remember the last one you
did yeah I mean it was number 12 I think
so look that up a cumin andris Pat Chico
says read your book very inspiring can
put it down you're an awesome person
keep writing
awesome thank you very much no it means
I mean it I always appreciate all the
kind of words you guys say but when some
of the system something about my book
like that it's a
it didn't mean it really means something
not to say more than everyone else but I
put my story in my life into it and I
like to hear that it's inspiring people
and hope I don't like because it sucked
going through all that it wasn't fun
I'm shocked it was the best time of life
but then the sucky part sucked which is
basically high school it just mean this
isn't really comedy you've helped a lot
of people charge their phones and this
you told people to charge their phones a
lot of you are like thank you so much
because I almost ran out of it I did
yeah Lila ji says I appreciate all the
run behind in force guys you force guys
you guys work very hard oh thank you
Leah Leah all right Leah yeah means a
lot kind words we have fun doing it we
definitely do it a lot that's for sure
young PO wishes that Angie Schrock was
my dad it's kind of weird and then I was
your dad no they young pose dad I want
you to be his dad Oh
I mean biologically it's not gonna
happen but I mean you know weirder
things fat in the world so you don't
know I guess that was a weird thing to
say it's very weird that my response to
it was a weird thing to say but but
thank you I get the compliment behind it
Oscar funk says you traitor Andy you
like Apple how could you PC is my life
you broke my heart into 1307 million
pieces for a second I thought he was
actually one of those people that when
complain about it but I realized that
he's just being funny guy I think he is
I'm sorry about your heart pieces go get
more than into play pots once in a while
mercenary burrito mercenary burrito
that's the greatest name on you -
fantastic me my gosh yes what's wrong
with Jason ginger pork Oh what I like he
like ripped a Torah he toured both ACL
and MCL he tore himself he tore himself
an old one an old old muscles were in
there any tourim I saw him rolling on a
skateboard on Instagram last week yeah
it was good to see I've been talking to
him very likely and uh my gosh yeah I'm
glad he's resting up and getting better
he's getting better faster it's so sad
because Jason is the one dude you don't
want to be heard you know you just want
to be happy as he always is it's true a
great individual minecraft note modders
75s may I ask what Bryan's head is doing
sitting there huh oh you want to stick
me on a stick that's remote where else
Wednesday when he was out of town which
is a great where else Wednesday we just
like multiple it's where I enjoyed your
desk yes now
now there's like a whole there's like as
many Brian faces in the warehouses there
is workers it's true it's awesome
they're all skeletons I'm sitting on a
bunch of rocks this is this was stabbing
into my butt this kid's name into this
thing secta me fail so baby right that
means hey you're gonna be a dad like a
noob says I have a ps3 what should I do
play it there we go play it there's a
lot of good games on ps3 one more one
more it's yeah it's wrong I'm gonna go
for it Weston says hey Andy probably
won't see this but I'll say it anyways
today I went to one of the skate shops
here in Hong Kong and apparently there's
got a new shipment from your companies
and when I saw the amount of stuff they
had I really really surprised and
thrilled I never knew I could get
revived decks and forest wheels in the
city so I kind of freaked out it was I
was with my friend and I pointed the
next thing oh my gosh that's my favorite
skate company and there was this guy he
was in the skate shop as well he said
this is your favorite company too and I
was beyond thrilled to know that revived
has grown so popular I used to always
think that the only way to get the
products is online but because I thought
no one here knew the new the company so
I imagined my freaking - my freaking
excitement when I saw piles and piles of
revived decks in a box of 4th wheels in
apparel I barely even skate but I've
been following you since 2012 and I
can't and I guess it's kind of weird of
me to say this but I'm and then it just
rolls off Wow Weston thank you very much
that means a lot seriously yeah revived
has definitely been just growing really
nicely these last years people like you
Weston that we just want to say thank
you to hear stories like that is
incredible and happiness getting to all
parts of the world - and we will keep
doing we're doing and hopefully I keep
getting you guys psyched on on Stieg a
poor animal so uh that said we're gonna
end this video so one final thank you
you if it's nice out go out and
skateboard because it's not nice out
here was that your bad hat or good hat
good hat yeah just he has two hats he
has one to get to get kicked her out and
one that he doesn't want that's the one
that isn't one jeez
Hey hi I'm gonna throw the camera as far
as I can don't oh
you
