his wax yeah that was that was good that
was first try that was gnarly first go
that was an awesome video of Doug desi
tells wasn't it yeah you liked it what
is your favorite thing about Doug I'm
really OOP well he does he does it a lot
doesn't he what yeah and he does it very
well that I was dug this was actually a
video on his channel from a ways back
what are the read more recent Vegas
chips funny thing he that switch
heelflip manual took him a while because
my camera my GoPro kept messing up and
not getting it and then after he bared
with it and landed three times he just
did all those tricks really fast like he
destroyed this manual pad it was so good
so if you guys want to see more from
Doug they'll be a link at the end of
this it'll switch over here in a second
and click the bottom link and go check
them out to tell them what should they
come in on Dougs channel eat from that
dad okay eat some nachos and that's what
ryan wants you to go comment on Duggan
videos but uh no he has good content so
check them out you will not regret it
and that is it we're gonna go what he
got to say to Doug say what do you last
thing he once said Doug laughs that was
not nice not nice
