Casey that was the most grossest way you
ever could have started this video this
is a game of skate on a flat bar this is
the tiny flat bar so we can try
basically anything in the we can imagine
because it's this high off the ground
but this is the pestle you guys are
known and I'm not Sam Vestal and we're
gonna play a game a flat box game are
you ready do you know how to play game
up here Brockton paper rock Tim paper
Rock Tim do you have play paper rock
scissors the proper way then tell me
what is our previous machine on shoot
and then two out of three two to three
people that's a point paper rock
scissors I'm really good it's so good
alright I'll go
heart beating as a red derail Dominator
but I don't have to change to a flap
it's going to be a good game I'm dead
I'm dead Mary the first time you've ever
missed one of those ever
I would rather do a front feeble on like
a waist-high rail than this house good
his defense will take it peanut butter
who lends a shovel it the name state
everyone Tamm vessel knows
I was shining for granted and help
didn't go hey hey he is the John Hill of
grinds and slide he's really really good
you can go again you said he says what
every time I land a trick is if he's not
going to just land it yeah exactly what
am i say exactly
you
he does not miss anything mess-up Verdun
wasn't just a weird thing go get along
go again he's gonna land it I know he's
gonna land it this way does
surprise okay call a McDonald's or
surprise because no one's surprised I
did that was I played dirty and he still
won
Oh that'd have been crazy yeah and I was
like wheel to board I've landed like a
thousand tricks and he's that nothing
Wow he's been bleep yes
you got K you guys you got him to K I'm
GOG weekend this is a bigger
accomplishment than I ever thought I was
gonna I accomplished in life I'm gonna
keep going
oh go to medina people like hip people
this you can people it's harder than
ever to have done do you can definitely
people telling you feels are hard man no
it's it's not possible in this rail
unless your hips hit that was a very
good game good job I really thought you
had me for a second but the winner is
now that's meeting and pyramid oh you
finally got the high five
do you miss him the whole time I would
kept I kept handing them out and then
when you go by just pull my hand oh oh
bonus clip big spoon front blunt Sam
vessel get off
Oh
picolet go go home
also not that cool what's right yeah
stop
