hi guys in this longest Oh 17 time we're
Street skate today is a streetscape
mission so I'm really excited we got
John Hill and we got Sabre now I want to
meet Sam Vestal who's trying a very big
trick and it is so big that you're not
even going to see the spot when I was
not knowing this guy's gates five owing
the Empire State Bridge no but we're
meeting up a skate park and we're Street
skating and it'll be fun take you guys
along for the guys the guys the guys
guys no dude Chevy had a golf ball
collection neighbor wanted some Wendy's
I wanted some old fashioned him but yeah
oh my gosh I want that I want that but
I'm not going to eat it I wish I was
that the way I wanted to be so I could
get that jalapeno spicy chicken sandwich
there was the other things like wow is
this video sponsored by one of these no
it's not at all but a jalapeno spicy
sandwich like spicy chickens are good at
a jalapeno in there it gets better I'm
scammy wrecking me you everything in
anything so we're warming up at Milton
Park would you been - have you been to
Milltown park
never it's fun I've got a left and you
can see it bends Jake bends John Hill
I'm vlogging dear John Hill oh my gosh
oh yeah here why are we doing this we've
been hanging out for like two hours now
I gotta introduce you
hi the next person to say hey to gamma
to punch as hard as I can oh dude I'm
excited too the streetscape work finally
all right yeah Craig Lee hey doing you
still jog a little bit that's all what
up dude this is a camera Hey all right
so we're gonna warm up for like 20
minutes and then we are out for streets
but Craig is nice time filming so I'm
gonna skate the smallest rail to known
to man
ha
you wanted we okay I just had Sam if you
want to do a trick what he's want start
is I got get back fishy that pointing to
the biggest rail in the park
are you gonna do it yeah sometimes I
just wish I didn't talk sometimes I'm
just like Annie shut up I've never
skated this I would like to boardslide
yeah looks super fun no do you not wanna
get hurt I won't get hurt on the street
today not now this are you gonna back
for the video all right
woo how are you gonna get out of there
you ollie out I would never never I
would never ice-skated this the smallest
rail to park smallest rail in any Park
maybe and he's skating the biggest rail
Oh like you try ok ideas that's amazing
you got this dude no no yeah that's you
and it'll do that that's the reward
Craig you get the rock when you land the
trick
oh that's your guy yeah yes hey Jake got
your rock I'm sorry Deva face sometimes
Sam woke up today and his mom was like
what'd he do today and he was like I'm
filming a video part he's letting
everything is on trying to say hey we're
leaving do you want to do one trick for
my camera
it could be a thali I don't care just do
it all right switch Neal
hey you do a flat girl I barely filmed
that - all right we're leaving though
where you're going you're not gonna see
where we're going because this is a
really good trick and I am NOT talked
about it's gonna be a mystery you'll
find out about it later though whatever
happens in front of your eyeballs on the
screen next is what happens close but no
cigar so we're gonna go to one more spot
we were there for a little while and
honestly I filmed I'm tired like I stood
on this hill filming for a long time but
uh we're gonna try to find another spot
onward how bad did you want to punch me
right there I'm tired oh not really
whoop the Kidder's on the sidewalk come
on
here he is there's a space crack there
are dual deadly cracks here
he almost got fall oh dude I just
realized that signs are kind of scary
they're scarier than the cracks yeah
like I mean well popping off of the sign
is scary another pot before the crack
holla here just right here I might just
pop before the sign
we got it here's John Hill hard at work
so we're about to leave but Jake is no
sliding the biggest ledger oh you got it
are you scared
is your heart beating Oscar success you
are going to The Price is Right
you were winning the wheel of fortune
yeah you're upping the ante right now ha
ha you like did that legit matter
here's your skateboard thank you sorry
dude you landed in the Grand Canyon
Eddie's out of here
Evel Gatorade Knievel was good my knee
hurts
it's been good guys good very good
we'll do it again very soon once can
with man Hill alright well I personally
would like to skate a little more myself
but you know sometimes you got to film
people sometimes you got to skate
sometimes you gotta check to see my
friends over there you want me to roll
up in party it sure yeah I'll take you
there with the standard cart but it was
a fun day nonetheless so now we're gonna
go back to Cincinnati because we're like
a town away and then we're going to
split up and I'm gonna go I think I'm
going to see a movie with red and the
white
be fun let's heal try to find John spoke
you leaked a hermit crab good hang on
guys that's one man John Hill Oh like
smiling at your fish I don't you've done
that these guys are leaving I'm going
back to being of the family we're gonna
go watch Zootopia we're gonna eat food
then we're gonna watch the Zootopia so
let's go do this what are you doing in
my closet I write anything here you're
watching videos I love you I love you I
missed you okay there's your foot don't
your foot there's your foot we are
seeing a movie are you excited yeah I'm
gonna get watermelon flour positive you
are are you sure about this
yeah I'm popcorn what's happening what's
happening oh we got some cats they're
pretty cute very cute house write-ins
bed put away han Solo did it go right
there Wow okay yeah dressed where you go
see Zootopia I have Nene right ridin who
is Nene right like that
that's your blanket that's Nene could I
have it just cut maybe it could just be
mine now ma please please Marvin I don't
have a blanket I'm gonna have a
comforter oh this lady is my wife and
she just told me that I kind of smell he
does how am i naked that did not make
sense but uh okay why would you go to
bar Louie yeah that's the opposite of me
a dress
yeah I am NOT naked because I have
clothes on I do probably smell because I
skated and I got home and I had we had
to leave right away
so I'm okay I'm okay with smelling
riding engine did you know that I'm an
astronaut
I am an astronaut ridin ah we got out of
the car to go up to eat and my wife
points out right there is an AM grip
sticker look at that swordfish dog Wow
okay well we don't have a lot of time so
we're hitting up Tom and cheese it's
tasty
the totally does not have any lettuce
for my salad so I got chili as yours
good it's not tasty it is it is because
the rule is you have your blanket in for
the movie bring well you did there is
the movie theater yeah all right just
this once buddy you're sharing them
though with your mom hardest part about
dieting is not eating popcorn at the
movie theater it's the worst thing ever
we are the only ones in the theater and
it starts in a few minutes so this might
actually happen I'm down with that
I'm totally down with that but I'm gonna
turn off my phone because someone's
gonna come in here like hey you're
filming in a theater brought home my
inner Pokemon inner Pokemon let's see
what the future holds for you did you
like the movie really good you look
tired
it's pretty good I mean Pixar picture
alright just Disney either way kids
movies are always good but Zootopia was
very good the demo check it out
you catch my heart hello hi okay so
normally on a normal day I put this
little got a bed but I'm going to the
warehouse to skate with my buddy Gareth
yeah mom is gonna have to put the logo
to bed I'll be back to hang out with you
but you come here I get plenty um we get
plenty of father-son time this week and
I'll put chip in tomorrow watch Dino
riders died a while hidden I'm going
though okay goodbye I love you hmm hey
get your needy may be safer I'll see a
little bit yep
hello Garrett what's up I'm holding a
video you're on YouTube okay
yeah live why oh yeah right now what oh
yeah happening oh that's right I was
looking out their window me like wait
it's daylight I was oddly enough it was
her grandmother got me into training
baseball cards Oh uh-oh it's a mess in
here right now we gotta do some
organizing so yeah I'm gonna skate a
little bit while filming some clips for
you guys but I'm gonna shut the camera
off you're not gonna get to see the
whole session because you want to just
relax and skate but I will get some
clips before and this video let's do it
this table needs to fly away literally
Oh No yes put it here I didn't fly it
off but it did not fly Oh costume just
called he wants his work back
you
first time I deleted it - it sucks
Garrett got hurt and I'm sweaty I'm
gonna try to fill this myself if you
can't see it I'm sorry
deal with it my butt was way too
involved with that rule away but that
was the first member down the hip so
I'll work on it and getting better
that's it
I'm done we're done here we're actually
calling me the statue quits because this
dude hurt his uh but I don't know what
to say let's just let's just end it end
it yeah I like that
are you getting the x-men
okay hey hey hey get out of there get
out of there get out of there and then I
realize you're actually supposed to go
back there and stand with the x-men but
you're too short so you can't we'll come
back we'll come back in ten years okay
