your tube what is up guys Camus Kate I'm
gonna do something a little different
I'm gonna play games game with this guy
normal boards our hands are gonna be
tied together duct-taped together in
this case um so it's gonna be super
weird yeah we're gonna play this game
and with our arms in front of us and
then maybe we'll do a sequel game with
our arms and back of us what we don't
care to smash her face in the concrete
see you guys first we do two out of
three we have to do it before we tape
this what you should totally do it
after nevermind let's take one okay when
it comes off you'll be all sweaty so it
will be good I don't think it'll be that
bad I thought about it though I'll be
like this is gonna suck
it's red of course we might have to redo
it every so often oh that's pretty
that's pretty tight you have to try to
tape it with your tape I'm gonna do this
to death is that good yeah I got you you
think you can do this that's why you're
gonna be able to do this doesn't this
made sense to you we might good
connection around
dude this is tight is yours this tight
yeah I get to punch you in the face
right now I'm when she's bad
you good I'm sorry I'm so crazy just did
that like you did good dude high five
all right to see you guys first where do
paper Rock scissor on shoot on for two
out of three wins it all right
what yeah I go first I'm going for the
gold
oh we can make this good I think this do
be okay although I just suck oh he'll
touch we do all right
whores elbows are mine the Rams are just
like glue like it is no I stood my up
little bit don't worry about it I'm
gonna I'm a man I could just I could
deal with it it's fine I'm gonna do it
again so I did loosen up a ditch there
you kickflip my turn
Oh
that was I would have counted that if
you were to close by
feels so weird oh ha
every lane every checkout land is bad oh
that's that's weird
every time you came close on every
single one that feels great
my fingertips like smashed into the
concrete oh my gosh he'll and this I'm
gonna cry at least eight times these did
at least a
so good all right I still over rotate a
little bit
oh here's one more
oh you couldn't roll like that I want
freakin one alright
that was weird I was no I'm not so sure
if he was if he was behind our back we'd
probably have like facial like cracks
yeah that was super scary I don't know
we're gonna do behind her back we might
we might not either way thank you guys
for watching this news channel is write
down the info and at the end of the
video that's it great yeah I think that
I don't got that out don't do that
YouTube what is up guys so this was your
throwback Monday a video it's a why did
I not do these on Thursday you might
have seen this video I actually explain
this every time I do these videos
because a lot of people are not catching
on to this um I had got caught in some
YouTube drama last year and a lot of my
videos got shut off they weren't
searchable they didn't come up and
suggested videos and then just like
they're just not doing anything and
they're kind of hard to get to so I've
been reading those videos like one by
one once a week I talk to you two about
this and they were like hey man you got
caught up in some stuff this didn't this
was not supposed to happen to you and
we're gonna take care of it but it's
been months and it hasn't gotten taken
care of so this is what I'm doing you're
still getting all the same new content
you are just getting a chance to a cio
old video that you might have missed or
watch it again which you got this far so
clearly you watched it again this idea
was like I think I uploaded this at the
same time as Lamont Holt did like we got
that idea at the same time his wasn't a
game of skate but I like the same idea
like taping your hands but it's probably
been done a million times since then
either way I hope you like my version of
it and that's it I'm gonna go when we go
to Disneyland by the time you watch this
I'm not in Disneyland but I am right now
today so I'm looking forward to it you
guys happy great day and I'll see you
tomorrow with a brand new video ridin
you want to come in here and just say
one word oh that is two words I'm not
mad
makes me feel like guys I'm just kidding
but you did get a bonus for there so
that's that that's that all right
wherever you guys have a good day I'll
see ya tomorrow why would I do it you
like broke your wrists on purpose I'm
gonna do we have to get out of it
without for the help without it
cutting it oh my god right this is race
I mean it is now oh it hurts I'm gonna
break my hand oh maybe if I start a fire
I got an awkward turtle
oh my gosh this is the worst this is the
bit this is the worst thing in the world
I don't this knock it off dude
I can eat it off I'm done dig where you
guys just stay here all you want I'm
gone oh no no no no I'm the winner he
wins again I know how to eat duct tape
look I say
