oh my gosh man down okay that is the
first thing because I might want to
smell that falling he is down he's so
far down that he will eventually be up
that was Josh Lind and that's pretty
much the best image of I give up and I'm
done than I've ever seen in a fall like
it board breaks he collapses and that's
the end of that okay in fact if you go
back to the spot he's probably still
lying there
he is just that much done with
everything I mean this wasn't even that
bad of a fall physically like I'm sure
he wasn't that hurt but what I would
worry about it I think that he might
need like an arm around him and someone
to talk to after all that occasions like
let's talk just a it looks it's just
like it was such a depressing fall it's
like dude you need a hug I'm not gonna
give it to you it necessarily okay
because I'm on YouTube and you're
sitting somewhere else you're lying
you're still lying on the ground still
it's a depressing fall I'm surprised
wasn't in black and white yeah this is
such a depressing fall and I feel like
what it needs is black and white sad
music and a girl breaking up with you
talking over the footage I can't do this
anymore
carry on with this relationship you'll
have to do it alone from now on I've
tried so hard to make things work but I
can't go on I'll always love you
oh no here you go Z I'm telling you I
just showed you the saddest moment of
your day and I hope that I'm right with
that because if you're spiritually
something more sad than that then you
need a hug need five hugs and maybe taco
that will make things better my nose
looks like a boomerang it does at the
same time I kind of wish I had this clip
if someone asks how I'm feeling and I'm
feeling that down right now and I like
that give up e if you have a hey that's
a word let's start saying that give up
you I wish we could just pull out that
video clip it's show them instead of
having to talk because it's the perfect
response to anything it's like if you
ever hear bad news just show whoever
you're talking to this clip and I'm like
oh I get it
don't say a word I get it I'm leaving
you on your own or hugging you I don't
know which hey Josh
Tina broke up with you you flunked every
class Chipotle is out of guacamole hey
Josh your hamster died okay I'm done I'm
done I got a little carried away there
and I'm sorry okay I'm done I'm done
with the collapses but I like this flip
a lot is what I'm trying to say and
sadness and despair aside I'm pretty
sure this was Josh's boards fault I
don't know what company this was but the
board just exploded had an agenda of its
own okay because the second he even
looked at the ground and just exploded
instead of flying into the ground okay
which caused everything okay this is the
kid this is where they give up heinous
comes into play
it was the board's ideal all along don't
leave your skateboard do this to you
people did not put up with that do not
turn it now josh is okay everything was
well with the world after this happened
he's actually been a long-term supporter
of my videos even he's even ordered a
few revenge slash survived decks over
the years he's a super nice dude he sent
me this footage and I was like yeah I'm
gonna
I'm gonna talk about this on the
Internet I of course like funny falls
hard falls to review but this was such a
unique fall then I was like this is
really cool yeah let's do this so Thank
You Josh for saying this to me and then
here is some footage of him skating
here's a couple clips he included for
your viewing pleasure so use your
eyeballs keep them open and they will
appear on the screen right now
hold on I'm just gonna pull it off so
there you guys go that was Josh Lind
skateboarding and falling for your
viewing pleasure hope you guys dug that
I do fall Friday's like this every once
a while typically every other week but
sometimes I'm lately I've been kind of
spreading them out so hope you liked it
I'll be back tomorrow with another video
because do daily videos but in the
meantime I'm gonna have Brian Matthias
Ames in the hot seat are you ready are
you ready Brian he's not ready you're
but you're here Brian hi how are you I'm
okay how are you not Texas you're not
Texas I'm not taxed twice here's a two
simple question Brian come on look at me
look at me right now how many bottles of
mayonnaise would you eat for $10 so wait
for that that's it for definitely four
okay get out of here
Valentine's Day ate hotdogs step on a
squirrel
you
