so at the top of this is Aslan here or
are we not going to gnarnia right now is
that a question yeah so weird it's
wordee question my gun and you did it
first try it's like you grew up here or
something you're still gonna land still
going to land this age 56 he's not now
well there was
finally Oh in the by abyss it's windy
too what are lines where should that be
like this and if adds up
it's just that doesn't make yeah hello
what's up man yeah I do you yeah you
should have marked what's woke up you're
like man I should look like each other
we kind of already do yeah you kind of
do it's a Christian and me what do you
do when you can't skate juggle Oh like
sharp-pointed think they fit me drift
through my phone a brighter hues Andy
schrock talk to me channel take over
really yeah it's news to me news to you
Oh John Hill and you doing with me
channeling about escape escape with Andy
schrock you're so attractive that's
forcing you Sam any truck I'm as
fortunate ollie into the play he all
lead into that Bush y'all subs we're
gonna have to give him a lecture once
the camp world's smartest bag put her
down or goes to Sabre there's a table
okay i think that people are skating
skating
Oh
so let's do this oh wow that's sick
actually think I do what I'm doing you
don't know you're doing I have no idea
what I'm doing so no trick I'm that
golden retriever you want me to a trick
today I don't think anyone has any let's
just put any clue okay leave your cell
phone max look at it Hey look switch
what was that video that we just watched
oh yeah because you haven't seen it yet
that was the second batch that was vol 2
if you may of the bonus footage scrap
footage i like to call it from we are
avenged season 6 what i do is that i
have a bunch of extra clip so i'm done
anything we are revenge and i put some
of these on a my channel and then I put
the others on the algae's channel and
what you just saw is kind of a
compilation of those but if you
subscribe to alex's channel reading are
you subscribe to our channel Wow is
because you don't have a youtube account
d there you really do love al exactly if
you're just subscribe to our channel
which there's a link right down there
you get to him first and there's more
content there he also does daily videos
so I just kind of want to give you guys
a heads up of that but I you know I like
to post some of it here too so hope you
guys enjoyed the video I'll be back
tomorrow cuz i do daily videos and that
is it ridin come put these glasses on
right now oh we don't owe me boy yeah
you don't like this stuff you don't like
sunglasses ok man i would do da fake
bomb that ok that's expensive I could
never ask for anything more to speak
Spanish or flask wait aqua single puella
I thought it was it was almost something
I heard a Cinco at least you know yeah
