warehouse ow that hurt well here's the
first-aid kit
thanks Ben enough yeah where else might
say is warehouse Wednesday I'd actually
say it now
I heard Feeny there's reading freaking
beanie beanie is the guy are we gonna
make him warm up today we didn't talk
about yeah I thought about that he can
do three tricks and yes do ten jumping
jacks wow that's gonna be hard five
times too
all right anyways so today you're gonna
fifteen minutes and do this for six
different obstacles in here you know do
a trick on each of them in this
15-minute period of time
technical and we'll tell you how one
requirements are when you're about to do
it so know right now doing anything too
much into it and what's the catch Andy
uh oh yeah see you know how you have
ears okay the thing is I have a mouth
and I can say things I am going to be
shouting at you distracting you every
single touch time you do it's going to
be horrible any of you do it you get
this well the bright side you already
have this okay you've been actually
killing it on Instagram and stuff lately
you've been doing great tricks and we
want to say thank you keep killing a
dude you get a free dick
now you get this if you land it alright
if you ate land this successful you get
another deck and then we won't stomp
that one because we might stomp that one
anyway because this is that's fun
alright we won't stop it we want
something at all you'll get this deck
you'll get another brand-new deck if you
can complete this challenge okay this is
going to be so much fun to watch you
lose your mind I'm gonna get really mad
you are getting so mad it's gonna be
awesome
hey and yeah I'm gonna put this right
here okay in case you win is that okay
that's alright
what that's not fun here Brian catch
this now super nice immediate warned you
I was gonna I was turning around to look
for the shoe boxes like I haven't
allowed in the world what's in here the
first-aid kit
oh I was about to kick it on the roof
I'm not gonna kick our first-aid kit and
I will kick it
that hurt my shin so bad I'd be any 3:6
to warm up you can do any tricks one
you're really warming up with no comply
late flip oh my gosh what do you say
that didn't count
it's not a real trick all right that's
it
hey what is it for stop sums up are you
ready to begin your challenge I guess do
jumping jacks first oh yeah its head
jumping jacks
no if I can do it jump if you fail
because of the jumping jacks this is the
best where else Wednesday ever you can
do it okay three will be four five six
seven eight nine ten it literally what
he started off we made it backwards yes
I know I'm going so instead of waiting
back you're reaching for the stove
oh no that's good you're like it was a
very after you got past the mix-up that
was a great hold this
oh I didn't think that was actually
gonna happen
darn it I need to get that down before I
go leave because it's cold out before I
go leave gosh
first all you got to do is a flip check
you got to do a flip trick with at least
a 180 or 360 in it and now your body
that like a varial or 360 trick how
about you know like it works I'm trying
to say yeah
you're stumbling over your words like I
stumbled what how do you say that like
like a flip trick not a footprint that
spins a flipping those spins that
spinning for 15 minutes
hey yo when you're I'm gonna say so many
weird things at you today you are she I
put that out there I mean some of them I
don't mean some of them what are we
skating right now my back you on Brian
approach of your protractor
it Susie's first roll and I'm gonna roll
are you okay all right what are you here
man should be like random yelling know
what I'm saying before I say it either
what my feet is that's just the first
thing about your skate of the hip I've
never done tricks over the hip
everything your tire blew all right so
what next what you wanna do next oh the
box you read for the box you got to do
any type of flip trick grind combo okay
flip trick out flip trick in grind flip
trick back into grind flip trick out
that's fine too
okay hey beanie your face it's like
saran wrap what's moving yes moving
now we'll move it's not gonna move his
face doesn't look like saran wrap I was
kidding
her firm hand oh my gosh that was the
best one I've ever seen him do that was
12 seconds with some committed 12-sided
in at 12 seconds you're killing me you
sure flat bar time okay oops same same
deal flip trick in flip trick out flip
trick oh not over
look shake internet B suck at puzzles
way more when he's like actually trying
the trick I want him to be able to hear
it and think about it means that you
need to be tracking the physical like
Holly
it's like Feeny's worst night it's my
head
you're picking a dude that happened did
you actually pull up your shirt I don't
see the king foot bro hold on let me
take off my shoe we're doing launch ramp
next okay that's fine that's what I let
you pick I was gonna say Brian gets a
big push to the top so nice they're
gonna make me late for the Buffalo to
him you're gonna wait football okay he
wanted me to do the half cab weight
barrel heels
I was just they just do any any leaf
late flip the switch front shove it
weight flip any any late flip any late
flip I'll do that
okay my favorite one is all do other all
do that
god okay I went from the heart
there Feeny doesn't say what I want him
to think he did for a split second when
he tried that trick talking for the
underwear would distract him but it made
him mad like the color of my underwear
made him better at skateboard yeah good
minutes in the 34 seconds I was gonna go
for a 10 minute time line clearly I
should win for like a seven minute
yes stairs though so you got stairs
coming bra right you switch here I'm
telling switch you oh my god I performed
that perfectly that was just the start
of it too I was gonna keep going
this is a giftcard Alex gave me this
gift card for Christmas my birthday I
throw things at him it really was my
sock I took it off that was good good
you got six yes six minutes left coffee
you're murdering him boom let's take him
out of the exam questions I did do to
something I said nothing he likes he
called my psyche out I was good
I did say nothing now we're pause were
nothing we are paused with five minutes
and five seconds left and you're on your
left freaking alright so this one you
should this you this one is manual pad
okay you should be like hold on this one
okay you should feel like you just
walked in you rang your doorbell and
while you walk in then ring your
doorbell even is your house we're doing
your dribble at all but you're gonna
take off your socks and relax you're
gonna do a manual about just one manual
just a regular manual are you serious no
I'm not serious you got to do a trick in
and then you got to do some sort of
manual you gotta do a flip trick out
okay alright flip in flip out yeah open
your spice cabinet cuz we're cooking
okay I'm spin it is
Haley we're going oh I gotta yell at him
yeah Garrett this is also like the
Facebook this one's good because I can
say
when I try to kick my soup again through
up there girl see it's really hard to
continue to I want to stop doing this
pretty much right away when I start
doing
just seeing someone lay down next
get to Drai's you to drive you got it
that would have been great I did it
pretty good handstand yes
ten seconds left this last run I'll try
it ten seconds it's on it's on vibrate
here we go maybe nope ten years out you
can't hear always going there for the
video whoa yeah yeah I did
that sucks at the buzzer I really
thought you had it
take a breather chef sturgeon I am sorry
you had to put up with that that was
annoying for me to do it was scary for
me too
standing it was I had to be like the
dumbest I know like publicly humiliate
myself on the treadmill hardest you did
really good yes and some of the stuff
you landed like was way like you didn't
with me jumping next to you you guys
don't know what this guy could do on a
skateboard go follow my Instagram it's
mega ultra tech right mega ultra tech
that dude beating do you did blow on me
oh sorry yeah that was super good it was
like it
I thought someone came I was so strong I
thought someone came up with his blue
right next to my that was Brian message
Oh Casey doing something I could have
done myself thank you here land on my
head land on the camera lately camera
I worked we're done here
