YouTube what is up guys it is a blog
blogger so thing I just won't grind up
recently and he was running around
saying that he wanted a waffle and a
rose and he put a waffle out on counter
crazy guy
you put the waffle on the counter we got
to keep it cold until you make it warm
so let's do that here it is squishy toy
why would you ever call your waffle that
you're gonna eat a squishy toilet today
look at this okay so something cool kind
of happened right and I we're watching
teaser things for a new joke of walk the
prank is where kids prank people it is
really entertaining and then ironically
enough Disney XD actually hit me up to
sponsor a video so this is what's
happening right now and they sent me
this box I'm not sure what is inside and
I'm not sure what's going on with it but
I'm gonna open it up and then here in a
second I'm gonna show you some clips
from walk the prank
first off I'm really sad to do this
because one who doesn't like pranks
pranks or some of those entertaining
things in the world and then second this
issue listen flip has to escape boarding
it was like the best of both worlds but
first let's open this up okay that was
that intense when I got in your face
like let's open this up oh my gosh yeah
I knew I yeah
Wow is not ants these are cockroaches
look at it you're supposed to scream and
freak out like wow let's try it again
okay
you got a freakout alright hey what's in
the box let's find out yeah Wow all
right so let's here's a little note for
me oh my gosh it's on that's crazy I
figured you'd have to boot it up hey you
want these cockroaches
Oh oh my gosh listen don't duck down let
me see that
oh good yeah color that's dumb but
that's down yeah it's got a walk the
prank background with the dude in the
bear all right and we're supposed to
look it has a little icon that says
click me are you ready to duck gets in
here of me
alright let's watch this
so for this break we needed a sitter and
here she is now
meet Sarah she thinks she's here for an
easy afternoon of watching a couple of
kids hi come on in
they can play outside just there's this
halfpipe in the backyard for
skateboarding chance loves to skateboard
this big wooden monstrosity he cannot go
on that like Nina no halfpipe a chance
just meet you um oh and I left my number
here you know if you need anything so do
you guys later
so now that Bailey and I are alone with
Sarah it's time for a little small talk
to make her feel nice and comfortable
Oh I'm eleven thirteen how old are you
I'm 20 oh wow wait you have any kids
no as a dog and now it's time for me to
gear up for the halfpipe what are those
for yeah I might want to try a halfpipe
well that was like the only rule so no
ha at all now I'm going to keep suiting
up and then tell her something not true
yeah I need to go to the bathroom all
right yeah hell yeah what if I fall down
the stairs what if I fall in the toilet
you never know follow that there I'll be
right back can you believe she's letting
me go to the bathroom and full
skateboarding gear uh but that's not
where I'm going um this is only way to
the backyard right there another way Oh
chance chance get back here you wrote it
on the top at least does this he always
does this chance chance
you
you
breakdown
urinating camera shy is not that's
indominus oh you just want the place I'm
glad you okay happy later when you just
die what you guys are so believable last
time I'll be babysitting oh you like
that yeah it's okay dad
okay well watch it again decided so
there you guys go I hope you guys dug
dad that was absolutely amazing this the
type of stuff that I want to do so it's
really really cool and inspiring to see
kids out there doing those sort of
things those guys are gonna grow up to
be amazing comedians I'm sure persons in
the pranks are always super clueless
it's unscripted they execute them very
very well and and I'm really psyched
they did one to do a skateboarding to
this guy said that he was inspired by it
oh good that's up to me when you get
order well then I'll take her you know
but thanks to Disney XD for sending this
over and if you guys want to tune in it
premieres 8:30 at April 6 I know we're
going to be watching it so definitely
check it out for some entertaining
pranks done by kids so once again thank
you to Disney XD especially with the
iPad I get to keep that that's amazing
that was awesome I hope you guys dug
dance what are you doing cat but now
we're just finished going to strike
horse and playing it's a short little
afternoon longest ode we have family
coming over at night so we're just
playing for a little bit maybe skating
pretty standard afternoon for riding I
and I thought I was bring you guys along
so let's go
but if finger shoe not go true shoes on
my mom we will come on buddy are you all
in what it's weird because it's
beautiful outside the sun is shining but
it randomly dropped in temperature so
it's like 30 degrees which if you go by
Celsius that's 0 degrees so we can't go
to the park and play I mean we could it
wouldn't be that enjoyable
I've got a parrot named Lester Lester it
actually a great name for a parrot
putting in there see he must have heard
a ghost okay so the moment I got here I
had to jump on a call with Bryan Ames
he's about to go to town so I needed to
like talk about the week because I'm
basically doing my work and his work
this week but as I was on the phone
right and put together some obstacle
course with fingerboarding stuff are you
gonna do it that'll be good you know I
want to see it oh you didn't hit the
rock boom to Smith Brian Ames mom
brought all this stuff in for riding to
play with I had no idea that we had
hubba hideout I knew we had Brooklyn
banks hit hit again nope no no no no no
no no nope you can't hit it you can't
hit it so I had these velcro ball things
I don't want to play catch with ridin
that was kind of like my main idea in
coming here I cannot find him anywhere
with that which is a bummer but we're
done fingerboarding now we're gonna
skateboard and do whatever high jinks be
into then probably just go home we just
come up here like once a weekend and
just goof off like it's kind of fun
good yeah there you go keep going there
you go that was pretty good there you go
all right how you make a rollercoaster
at home right or at a skate park oh
don't forget about this we're not gonna
do that
we need those boxes whoo okay this is
the line ridin made oh there it is
put this on buddy Oh get in let's go
let's go home we are back home sir we
need to eat something doughy ridin would
you like some chicken broth maybe just
drink the whole thing
you want do some yogurt and some veggies
okay yeah you can have that I'll be
right there buddy I'm just I'm cutting
up your Tomatoes all right hummus and
tomatoes and yogurt sir you're welcome
buddy I love you I made soup from up for
myself
delicious okay so I thought we were
gonna be able to go out and do some more
things today when I decided to do a
blogger so duh
but fit a lot is pretty much just here
in shred quarters so what I thought I'd
be fun to do is do some Q&A I asked you
guys to ask me a few questions on my
facebook and I'm gonna answer them right
here think of this as like a mini Q&A
this small one yes it's a small to small
qunit Zach woodsman one he is quoting
Coheed which is awesome
where do you see for survive going in
the next few years well there possibly
be a third company there will be a third
company I'm talking about a little bit
on my channel but for survive you know I
just want to keep I want to keep it
simple like I want to keep making new
products and I want to keep making
videos I mean I of course want to grow
but I just want things just to be fun
light-hearted for sure cuz that's how I
think skateboarding should be right in
Zach villainville Nueve says are you now
or have you ever been a walrus no no no
he's not
Michael Aventura says what is the name
of Santa's cat and I'm pretty sure it's
Oswald do you know Santa has a cat what
you do now Zach de Waal says what do you
think of current skate trends like Huff
shoes and Cubs pants and I don't really
care about trends in general I give you
honestly one
to wear that or comfy pants like cool
you know it's awesome just uh I'm all
about like doing exactly what you want
like I want to dress myself the way I
want to dress myself despite what's hip
or cool or not like that's always been
my attitude I've never really followed
trends but nothing against them like I
don't you know like I see a bunch of
people doing that stuff I don't like
heat on it or anything do it makes me
happy he's what I'm saying Jerry Boyton
the third says what sound does an
octopus make bling ding ding what ok
that's what it is that is the end of
this vlog so thank you guys for hanging
out with us today I'm sorry we didn't
actually do that much but it was fun and
thank you to Disney XD for the iPad and
given us the clip to show you guys that
show is April 6 at 8:30 p.m. so check it
out there anything that you would like
to say or do before we cut it quits yeah
ok that was awesome no you're eating my
hand I think I heard I love you in there
do you say I love you I love you too
goodbye
Mountain and he says my name is Trevor
but his name is actually Matt he's a
liar he's a liar ha ha and lying is not
good is it
yeah match total lie that is right Matt
should not lie do not trust awkward
birds on snow skates right
why baby why didn't you lie I don't know
it's a bummer you know I liked it I
really liked him when he was trevor and
then I realized he was met and I was
like ma'am
