YouTube what is up guys so I have this
box right here
I know it's inside it but riding doesn't
so we're going to do an unboxing this is
gonna be really awesome ain't know what
it is realize you guys know what's
inside too because of the title but
ridin do you wanna do an unboxing my
friend look at this is this big box do
you think you can try to pick it up
chopping it up oh we did it pretty good
again stronger aren't you wow wow I
thought he was really gonna get that
alright let's cover here browser window
what do you think's in here or the toy
you think new Ninja Turtles are in this
heavy box okay
well let's open it up and find out you
use your table as a tripod okay why so
we can so I can put the camera on it
welcome alright are you ready to do this
can you fly the box over here run hooah
so you think as long as your old boys
what alright we're gonna find out what
do they were going to open this is with
red I totally don't have keys we're
gonna open it with a coma no okay we're
going over it was a Lego okay can you do
this you're gonna realize your dad is
MacGyver no it's not easy with Legos
it's way better with the keys pull with
all your might right there huh this is
for you what are you doing that has a
hat here put it on you keep that on your
head the whole time
okay yeah yes you have to be good many
people know that's your that's what's in
the box but it's all paper that's right
yes it is I'm not gonna get baking
if it's number one done did it undone oh
is this bin wow this is a Star Wars
skateboard right in yes well that's for
us you know who sent it to us Andrew
cannon cuz I can't thank you Andrew
thank you emu oil is it very nice order
to do this we're gonna keep going so
these are from Andrew cannon from NHS
and there's a stack of Star Wars
skateboards they get the wonderful
opportunity to do these and
that I gotta skate these decks because I
own and ride for a vibe but I collect
these and when I talked to him and he
was like hey would you be interested in
he's gonna be like yes so he sent them
to me and I am like a kid on Christmas
right now this is amazing let's keep
going okay you want to the next one
pulled out oh my gosh she was that who
is this captain who lets go the camera
wow oh this is a pretty board it is
shiny all of you guys can see this but
it's got like foil like like shininess
on him on her she's a hurt it's an
awesome deck got a little flame trooper
down here all right I better do the next
one oh my gosh he's a genuine reaction
stand up sit stand beside it look at
that is that bb-8 or is that bb-8 how
excited are you
hey we got to put it on the wall we will
put them all on your wall one day we'll
make a video out of it oh I'll be cool
on it what that one was awesome that's
my favorite so far
okay right is your heart take back that
next sec right pull out this is not a
stormtrooper
this is Darth Vader everyone knows that
now so it's Darth Vader holiest blaster
and it's got some other Darth Vader's up
there you think this is a stormtrooper
yeah really yeah I thought that maybe
okay I'm just kidding
it's a stormtrooper Darth Vader
stormtrooper yeah bad fog rule - I know
I'm just kidding
let's move on it's my turn it's my turn
do it a little bit doesn't doesn't
undone tell me who that is
dude ever that is you don't know it is
PO Damron guys ride and it riding for
y'all I know you knew that you didn't
remember did ya pretty cool day
I like the colors on this one grab the
neck somebody oh my gosh look at that
stormtrooper yeah that's Thailand what
who's that
there's kylo Ren Tyler Wang Kai whose
kid this is a stormtrooper
yeah hang a right buddy I know my Star
Wars had a wonder that Tyra okay this is
pretty awesome I don't know I don't know
if I like this one better or be there oh
of course we have to have ring here's
the Rey dick I knew that Star Wars decks
were coming but I did not know they were
The Force awakens and I'm super excited
because I've actually been collecting
the Star Wars decks and I have a Darth
Vader and a c-3po r2d2 or we do I mean
we're collecting them actually and then
I and that's it
bb-8 on there and they all have a pretty
cool graphics on here - I think it's
like a cardboard thing but it still
looks really really pretty
here's a good shot of them all which
one's your favorite rent picture okay
what is what your one favorite what's
your one favorite I'm gonna go with this
one that's what my favorite bb-8 you're
a close second oh and then you're my
favorite in general I love you
well that's why you did pick that one so
these were awesome thank you so much
Andrew cannon one Andrew cannon is a
super talented skateboarder like he's
really really good he's from
Pennsylvania I've been watched his
skating here and there for years and
then all suddenly he emailed me and I
was like oh my gosh I'm a fan of yours
so thank you very much an NHS really
really cool you guys we are going to
actually put these on the wall of
ridings playroom um I kind of want them
on the wall of my office but we'll put
some in writings but revelation but most
of Ryan's playroom because I like the
bad guy fan that we do you get the bad
guys I get bb-8 I'm gonna be in the back
oh is that how it works
we've been planning on collecting them
all this is a huge chunk of our
collection so thank you Andrew you rule
NHS and Santa Cruz you guys rule and how
does it what do you do when you're
breaking are you breaking your leg over
yeah would you like me to fix it
Wow yeah okay I'm gonna fix this do you
want to do it I jump out high five to
end this video no that wasn't good
enough you got to really get a good five
five come on like you mean it
that was good oh say goodbye
right and look did you know they got a
motorcycle now look that's gone buddy
this is obviously a motorcycle you can't
this doesn't destroy stars see look
there's the wheel right there no it's
not look that's the kid or the shooter
not a cannon is a shooter again again
again are we doing it are we doing it oh
that was even better I love you I love
you
