all right I cannot be the only person
that thought wow mom's hands have a lot
of pop this was really really fun to
watch and he does it so smooth and
flowing it's ridiculous
I was really psyched when he asked me to
feature this on my channel because I had
seen it on his channel I was like that
was that was entertaining so hope you
guys enjoyed it
Lamont's does a lot of really really
good YouTube videos he's a really really
talented scape work so if you're not
subscribed to his channel or if you
haven't seen his stuff definitely check
his channel out right there the link is
on the bottom he does a lot of videos
and he does them very well so check it
out I do do the videos here myself so
click the top link for me but mainly you
check out Lamont and that is it I am
going to press the little button that
says stop on the recorder and then
you're gonna go check out Lamont goodbye
