the Sun is burning my eyeballs off my
body what is up guys this is a day in
the light 43 you can't experience what
my day is like today it's somewhat of a
standard day I'm a little late getting
up it's 8:40 I slept in because I didn't
get to bed till after 3 o'clock so I
slept for 5 hours and now I'm good am
going to work I'm actually leaving work
early to go skate a skate park today so
I'm late to work and leaving early I'm
just ditching work for for skateboarding
but let's get this day started and
hopefully it's not too chaotic hope it's
entertaining and hopefully it's a day it
is right now so we knocked that one off
the list
bagel with cream cheese time if I went
to jail and I only had one phone call I
might call a bagel with cream cheese
and I would just be like dude I know
that you can't come bail me out because
you're a bagel I just want to say that I
love you and miss you
alright Here I am
that's right quarters my work I'll give
you $5 review for those in your head no
I'll give you $10 you pour this on your
head give me one I'll give you five
hundred million dollars if you pour this
on your head while seeing the Russian
national anthem you don't have that much
money around that's what I would do an
IOU you got to do it right now do you
know the Russian national anthem I know
you're screwed
hi guys I usually get right to filling
out packing slips I say this all the
time for those of you who don't know I
own and operate revived skateboards and
force wheels with Brian Eames the guy
who lost five hundred million dollars
that's not gonna go we always like to
say a little thank you on every order so
that's what we're doing and also talking
nerd stuff because that's what we do -
we all just saw Batman vs Superman last
night even Casey so we have some talking
to do that hurt better the voice was
awesome boys change things had the green
arrow doesn't Nick Bowen also has a
voice changer he talks with it like that
man I think James Palmer actually had a
cameo in that movie and he also a space
lifeline Carey Paulson I'm gonna invite
you to my birthday party I have a huge
birthday party this year you're gonna be
there okay
set up days they basically and then so
this will not be in town but I wouldn't
be here all day the 15 that beat Jason
Rowland is the new owner of a brand new
car if he goes to the prices right and
wins it all right cool sure that is true
what happened to you dude to your
warehouse Wednesday yeah most casual a
little bail yeah destroying like that
yes so go back and watch the where else
Wednesday smashes so looks good I think
you like the beach better for
photography then you actually like the
beach so true
you ask him to put that in there oh yeah
and yes those are my feet this is my
hand ah I was hoping that didn't happen
what did I expect Andy okay so I'm
running at a time in my workday because
I'm leaving early to go skate but right
now I'm gonna try to do all this fast
and I hope they'll get done with the
thing is I immediate on the day I need
to prep some horse packages they're not
quite ready to go out to the team yet
you're the radion one more shirt but I'm
gonna least get everything ready so when
the shirt gets here I could just put
labels on and pack it up and send it on
this way so let's do that
have some shirts and some wheels oh my
gosh I just shoved cardboard under my
fingernails Christian have some shirts
we should talk to JP in fact by the time
this video came out I hope that we've
talked to JP I really didn't watch than
this bill you guys haven't talked to me
and that's now a comment every single
time I film a dandelion for a vlogger so
my office is messy so same thing every
single time I'm gonna straighten up I
need you got a trash bag much needed
trash bag hey Brian I found a bunch of
chocolate chips really last week do you
want any
okay I need to pay some bills I need to
handle some travel stuff that's
happening next month for bringing some
people in town but you said only this
month but in April when I upload this
that's it
oh then I gotta work on a video but then
I'm gonna eat lunch and then I'm pretty
much gonna go to the skate park with
John Hill his friend Dylan who's in from
South Carolina I make me Brian
probably not but he said it may be
yesterday which is usually a note today
so we'll see how it goes nope they're
gonna see Brian's on come fresh already
paid you I need to get you email hard
drive editing guitar fridge water trash
door face lunch time
so what gets the internets wobbling is
when I wear a hat like this ice okay
like not on my head people hate that
thank you when I go like this look how
dumb I look like an a hat
I look so dumb like I just let it let it
sit there and I still look stupid all
right so I'm gearing up to leave is
there anything we need to go over your
hat we've talked about this and I talked
about YouTube you mean you did not talk
about that hat you're in the video
it feels amazing outside
Drock inator it feels you it was kind of
windy it is comedy it's done already
other part yes
and I'm guessing you're doing a day of
life man dude we're here for Spartans
kind of windy which is annoying because
wind is like one of the worst things you
can skate with worst oh I don't have too
much time to skate and I just got a
headache immediately when I start
warming up but let's try to get a view
tricks and the very least I'll point my
camera at John and he will get a bunch
of tricks
and John stuck his heel flip that day I
love first shot favorite really yeah
thank you for filming Joe thank you for
filming me seaboard yeah well okay thank
wherever you are dry pod
thank you for filming this was a fun
session it's finally warm out but I go
back to my house and I have to some
dudes coming over to look at my basement
cuz we're getting something installed
there so I got a rush home let's go do
this I'm going to a drinky water even
though you're warm and you suck but
you're awesome cuz your water
okay what's up guys so I got home and
the dude coming to measure stuff in the
basement it was immediately here and I
take my shoes off and I answer the door
barefoot and I kind of felt I kind of
felt funny actually but I got cleaned up
um I did some exercises and now my wife
and little guy are on their way home I'm
gonna try to get some stuff done before
they get home because once riding gets
home I usually switch over to riding
mode just play with him until he goes to
sleep and we're going out tonight with
the family I gotta do some laundry I'm
gonna read part of a Civil War Marvel
comic book because the movies coming out
soon and then if I have any more free
time I'm going to work on the video that
goes up tonight so that's my goal here's
my cat at least one of them high honor
hey you do a baby doggy no pants on oh
my gosh
no way yes no oh hey you hey doing David
yeah we'll wait for a few years for this
one for you okay
so ridin wanted to play chalk with his
mom what are you drawing right there and
well then put some in there use your uh
use your talked almost killing it now
the rainbow is kind of going to the cat
which makes it like that Internet oh
look at bagel upside down bagel upside
down right mom drew bagel and otter you
rock you rocked him up alright so right
in plate the chocolate with a long for a
long time and we got to leave for dinner
kind of early so that's pretty much all
we did but we're gonna go pick up the
in-laws and then we're gonna go to Eli's
barbecue I've been to it in my videos
it's been a while so you might not know
what I'm talking about
if you were never in Cincinnati try to
go here it's really busy it's always
packed but it's so so good
I'll probably just film things with my
cell phone because I'm gonna be with the
family I don't wanna hold my camera all
over the place but look at that let's go
do that it'll be fun
are you in your car seat buddy yeah so I
met Magneto today hey you ready UTIs
whoa that's because we're at a barbecue
restaurant see the pig
this is amazing
do you not have ribs ridin you have you
I mean you have a set of ribs in your
body don't eat those though that was
really really good I'm dieting so I
didn't eat as much as everybody else and
everyone else just eating and I'm
sitting here like talking myself which
is weird enough but I'm just staring at
everyone else's food wanting to eat it
okay right Millennium Falcon coming it
that was left-handed that was I just fed
him switch
oh there's food and there's a dog okay
guys so I was eating I was like no no no
no I didn't in that plane over there you
can see it now was like that was like
what is that I mean what is that and
then I go tickle alright so we hung out
for a while we were there for like two
hours but it was a fun relaxing night
with family and friends did you have a
good time oh my gosh I only have one
year riding and I think it's broken
I didn't think goldfish could be
ticklish we literally just spent the
whole evening going to dinner on the way
back we stopped the grocery store real
fast and now we're home so basically I'm
gonna play with riding for a second then
put him to bed this has been the most
uneventful evening I'm pretty I think
I've ever had that day in life we didn't
do much but most fun is relaxing and I
need more nights like that so that's
cool so Ryan got this is Easter baskets
were to open up and he's gonna do it all
by himself
start here give me that and that you
need one more top - boom now push it
hard you do it
heck yeah I was your very own TIE
fighter that you built well you did it
it's your Easter president is that where
you want your TIE fighter yeah okay the
day is done isn't it you have a good day
what was your favorite part of the day
oh did you know that was a TIE fighter
advanced I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure
it is yeah no there is
Bango the cat well I had a good day with
you too have a good day yeah I love you
thanks for watching a day like 43 we'll
be back I did a video so I'll literally
be back tomorrow but we'll be back with
another day in the life do you've any
advice for YouTube before we go black
dress cap who would ever do that and
makeup bagel bagel the cat brushes his
teeth all the time doesn't it bye
now one you know you're not supposed to
eat dog food right yeah have you ever
eaten dog food yeah good
it doesn't anything good I've tried it I
did when I was kid I did I totally tried
dog food it was not good I was like
eight we don't eat dog food that's the
point
