YouTube what is up but really what is up
guys this is an update video where I do
some talking and tell you about my life
about some things that I manage my head
then I'm gonna use my mouth to tell them
at you to tell them at you alright but
yeah my life has been pretty cool I
think actually last week was awful let's
just put that out there okay last week
pry names was vacationing in Mexico so I
got to be Bryan Ames and myself which
doesn't work makes me really glad that I
have Bryan Ames in my life is this
getting too mushy Bryan names is a good
dude and he really helps out around here
and I'm glad that I'm not him this week
there's what I'm trying to say but now
that is this week and Bryan Ames is back
at shred quarters doing what he does
life is good and I'm trying to get it my
head of my cell phone videos again
because the beginning of the year
there's always so much to deal with like
planning some of the company taxes it's
just a busy time of the year so now it's
like warm again and my schedules
loosening up and I'm able to go
skateboard it's amazing I'm skating
every day lately and rusty I'm still a
little rusty I'm losing weight and I'm
getting back some of the tricks that I
was rocking last year so it's good time
you smell like a guitar first thing I
wanna talk about is that I uploaded a
picture on my Instagram it's a it's a
cool application that you can post your
photos I don't know if you've heard of
so people could kind of get a kick out
of how I renamed my Adobe Premiere Pro
projects when it freezes because the new
edition of Premiere Pro it freezes on me
all the time and this is like the best
computer I've ever had and everything
else works great on it it's just this
program freezes I don't know why I have
ton of ton of RAM as you can see on this
list I've renamed them very ridiculous
things using the word suck because it
sucks when my it's when I lose work or
the program freezes it's just it's awful
and people can't just look at this as
what it is they can't just read the
title as me like how that's funny or
Andy you're not funny they have to go
into a Mac versus PC war and it's just
like why do people care so much if
somebody has a different thing like if
you have a ps4 awesome if you have an
Xbox with one cool I don't care I like
what I like and whatever you like I'm
glad that you like it though the
internet the internet I have had pcs
that are awful I've had custom-built pcs
by people that build custom pcs that are
awful I've had Mac's mess up two
computers just do that machines just
don't work sometimes and it's just the
way life is for I prefer Mac's I've had
much less trouble with Mac's over the
the PC I eventually just when I had the
custom one built and still was giving me
headaches I was like
done I'm gonna try to mix which team and
it was awesome but at the same time you
were completely able to like PC if you
like whatever computer you like I don't
really care as long as you're happy the
Internet it just makes me want to pull
my hair out sometimes when I see people
doing that and I've said this before
it's like if you have a gerbil and your
friend has a hamster and you talk in
traffic yeah your hamster sucks
gerbils gerbils are where it's at man
you're an idiot for having a hamster
like gosh oh my gosh I'm done with that
rant though I had I had to go on because
we're that when the comments started
rolling in that didn't have anything to
do with what I was talking about it just
made me want to punch myself in the face
I can't cut my hair I have a commercial
that's happening later and they didn't
want to have control over how I look and
that's all I'm gonna say right now but
it's it really knowing that I can't cut
my hair he's a look at it
needs to be cut I don't know I think it
needs to be cut even when it's cut it
looks dumb so either I guess I'm not
really missing out or anything but force
a force launch is happening tonight at
midnight April 2nd is when tango comes
out so when the clock strikes midnight
Eastern Standard Time here in Ohio
that's when the for snow comes out we
have six new wheels dropping and then we
have three t-shirts if you want to check
that out just go to the Shred quarters
calm the link is right down there or you
can type it into your url box above this
thing if you're on a computer I'm sad to
say that we are postponing the forced
tour Jason Park is injured Aaron Kyra
couldn't make it and Christian couldn't
make it so that was like three people
are like we gotta do this in our time so
we are still having people come into
town so we're gonna be doing some
projects with next month in the force
world or hi world all that stuff I'm
sorry civil private release it's like
video parts or something like do you'll
get me getting content is what I'm
trying to say so but the force tour will
happen that's the cool thing so we will
be on the east coast the next month
we'll probably at least you ask 8:00 and
hang up some sort we might make it out
of since sandy because we always gym in
Cincinnati so we'll figure it out and I
will keep you guys updated
I don't care visas well she's my friend
but the revival world is rocking I mean
we just released a spring stuff a few
weeks ago and all is well the thing I
gotta say though is we are avenged just
put on pause this is the first year that
I'm not gonna do a full season if we
aren't revenge's
I literally just wrapped up last season
and the reason I'm doing this is because
I really want to focus on take over the
world I want everyone to have a chance
to film for it and put their time in and
get some tricks that they're proud of we
are immense takes a lot out of us
especially me
like it's very hard to film we aren't
avenges and worried about putting them
all together and making it happen and
film for a video part at the same time
so you'll get some we are my vengeance
is here it's but it might just be like
two or three like spread out either way
you're gonna be getting conned
all the time you're gonna be getting a
day-in-the-life you know where else
Wednesdays all that stuff's gonna keep
going but we aren't men just gonna slow
down next year we'll be back at it it'll
be a full season it'll be fun just like
it always is I'm sorry to delay that
news on you but take over the world is
gonna be really really really awesome
right the stuff that's being filmed for
it is really good and we're proud of it
so far so uh
hang in there this holiday season you'll
be getting a new revive fooling another
thing I got going on in my life is a new
show I'm doing a new like like a kind of
like a video game but if it's got a
nerdy news show if you may
Brian chambers and I are working on
together and we're actually gonna do a
podcast at the same time where that's
gonna be on Ryan's side of things but
I'll let you guys know how to listen to
it and tune in but it'll be like there's
a lot of internet shows out there which
people like can talk about current
events you know it'll be weird and Goofy
how I do all my videos I do my best to
make it as entertaining as possible but
hang in there we're gonna work on we got
a bunch of like podcast equipment and
stuff so when we get that I'll probably
film a test of the actual video as well
if you like superheroes if you like
video games all that stuff that's what
we're gonna talk about movies you know
and basically everything I always talk
about in general here in the update
videos but we're gonna make it goofy
just to let you know that's happening in
a story time yes it is I'm gonna tell
you a story it's gonna be in high school
okay
paint the setting paint a high school
around you right now and that's where I
this was like in eleventh grade or
something so I was like almost an actual
adult okay and we were doing some game
where we asked trivia questions okay why
it was a fun one of those things really
gather around we're gonna play this game
guys and gals or whatever and despite my
voice it was a female teacher it was so
just imagine that same thing with it
with a girl's voice a woman's voice what
everyone said on my team it was like one
of my team members asking the rest of
our team members they were giving us
hints to come up with whatever they were
thinking of or whatever in the cards
said I don't one of those games and I
said it okay they said something and
might use my brain to come up with the
answer and it was right no the teacher
wasn't having anything of it she said
there was no way I could have got that
answer without cheating
she literally didn't give us the point
because she thought I was too dumb to
come up with the answer which was
correct and I 100% used my freakin brain
to come up with that and it was the most
offensive thing they probably having me
during all of school because there's an
adult you're a teacher like that's the
worst thing
do is basically tell a student he's dumb
and she didn't know he tell me that I
was dumb she told me that I was too dumb
to be that smart and it was just like
tend to answer a question that right and
it was it was oh my gosh you know did
this happen that happened today I would
call around I would cheer her out in
front of the whole class okay but don't
kids don't do that don't shoot your
teacher out become an adult and then
talk about how you would shoot your
teacher around it's a much better better
option probably this is a responsible
thing I don't know it was my high school
cooking teacher it was a cooking class
it was a freaking cooking class and
there was and she was telling me I was
oh my gosh it burned my bees I don't
know what that means but it sounds like
the right thing to say there's a few
like teachers that were the greatest
teachers ever that I just wind up walked
away from high school when I was like
those people ruled and I'm walking away
thinking about this cooking teacher
about how she shouldn't have been a
teacher if she's gonna accuse students
of being too dumb there's the moral of
the moral of the story of today check
your always mail no charge your phone
but I'd say guys that's my random
ranting slash update video if you guys
liked hanging out with me goofing around
hit the subscribe button I do do videos
every single day and I have a blast
doing it thank you guys for watching
that is it I am going to turn this a
different color told you I told you look
at it it is it's blue now the pen is
blue
hae-in okay so basically I was a almost
an adult but you know I mean like
technically an adult whatever you know I
still still I question if I'm an adult
these days no I'm kidding I'm great I'm
Type A my bills
what am I talking what am I talking
about Lu stories right now that was the
sound of Ryan chambers taping first
thing we talked about is that I uploaded
a picture purely for this is where
what's happening with their vibe though
so boy why do you do that why do you
look at the camera make a weird face and
start talking in a voice like this
frankly I do it because I'm insecure and
I have a job opportunity in Cleveland
what am I saying
I don't know words just come out when I
want them to banana
you
