that hurt did that hurt kinda well I
don't know why that's the intro but
today I'm taking him on okay we do these
games where we come up with little
things situations trick shots if you may
and we battle each other and we are
playing a game of golf but it is mini me
golf we have this guy it is a golf this
is the greatest invention ever by the
way off of this out there like the guy
who was just sitting at a table like
let's pick a golf club at the end of it
there's a little golfer with a golf club
and that guy was a genius because here
it is so yeah I don't check me closely
it kind of looks like I'm isn't that
Vegas yeah all right so we got a little
golfer and we're just gonna play game of
golf gol so are you ready to go look at
this hole is really tiny yes like the
last one of these we had was like
literally like 2 inches wider but we'll
make it work so all right two or three
well duh duh duh duh duh duh that's how
you do that all right actually I do go
first but before let's just do a test
shot to get the idea but show you guys
all right here's my guy so I use this
little thing
and it makes him go see all right hit
the ball and hope with his foot led to
this first try
Oh try to celebrate alright Brian will
do it first try because he learned from
my mistakes you gotta hit it oh that is
foreshadowing you know that means I'm
gonna win now
I took a film class up and this thing is
insanely difficulty it was very easy for
him he's not looking forward to this
okay so what's gonna happen is we get
five tries each to make or match okay
fair enough
sure and then on the last try when
you're dying you get seven tries all
right my turn first
oh wait right over the hole don't you
know what I get two more oh you need
your golfer
Oh was that two more well I'm gonna
change up mine because it's like you're
shot and I'll let you have that shot
okay it's the same exact thing right
here oh darn it I gotta do an angle I'll
be good oh geez oh my gosh it's going
good two more our first catch of the day
Star Wars Empire Strikes Back - he's
probably gonna get this you got three
more it dang it Brian aim
give me that guy all right Brian this is
the old ready you ready I'm ready
all right it's really hard to make this
guy look good Oh
as you say please do that first try what
oh my god
this thing like it just goes whatever
angle it wants
here's your little soldier guy I felt
annoying when I was making the guy talk
to you is that annoying to you it's
pretty annoying sorry you're not gonna
make this
how much gold fingers like that you're
really not gonna make that Wow okay
I wish golfing you could trash-talking
try to distract I think that sports so
much more fun
Hey your pants are terrible no what kind
of what is that it looks like he has
like shoes all right come on Jimmy
that's his name is gonna be talk trash
the one time I didn't talk trash you got
it I'm gonna match this so much oh my
gosh
I can't believe I'm on my last try
that's right see nothin art easy peasy
Bob newbie whoo he is upping the ante
come on Jimmy
oops
dude I hope you can see that in the
footage it literally looks like you got
angry and threw his club I hope all
right that didn't count
Oh Jimmy did good look at this guy's
face
now watch he'll face me now you did good
dude he's looking away dude mine have
all been trinket II like I'll do it good
one I promise bear with me you should
you should try to like do that that's
one three two more he has G finally
there's a letter I'm hoping this worse
Jimmy's wearing some gloves isotoners of
course bear with me okay this is gonna
be a good one all right it's gonna go
bounce bounce bounce bounce on top a box
in Brian's face sad okay
I think I said like four or five pounds
balances are not important yeah it's a
hefty gap you gotta like have the right
precision accuracy Oh
okay did you hear that it flew I don't
know where it went
oh there it is but it took forever for
the noise I hope you got that in the
footage I will not think I don't think
that's gonna be the best shot and I did
it first round it's it's this folding
gloves look it's guy look there he is
if I do this I will pay you a million
dollars the rest of my life didn't know
I could it if it gets up on there no way
it's game here have it come on Friday's
pretty bad pretty bad first tenth get
hit the sweet spot dude
three tries Oh dare we this is the
hardest thing I've ever done in my
entire life
how did you possibly do this just maybe
you saw me did it you're terrible at
hitting man yes modern cool he's oh yeah
I'm gonna try to flawless victory and I
go is this a is this cheesy like is this
the same thing as the bank shot no
that's so doable Oh No why does it keep
doing that yes I got a little too
excited cuz it wasn't that hard of a
shot but I'm excited because I'm excited
does it make sense think he'd bet he's
bummed if I pet him like okay there's a
cap it
Oh Brian one more dang it oh good good
good yes McCall now for my final act I'm
gonna go down the five steer the first
try so weird I mean I got really lucky
there actually because that just bounced
this way it was a it was a trampoline
what yeah that didn't count
he gets seven tries because he's about
to die
that's how you get it done amazing if
you bake three more tries oh no don't
you care this is something that I will
never use ever again in my entire life
dude honestly I hope I don't either
this is the worst contraption ever made
it's really dude bracken we just come
here come here bracket is actually
friends with Ryan bracket anymore
because of this this is the most
infuriating contraption I've ever used
them I just played a game of golf with
this I blanked him like I did some ideas
marvelous but it was it was tough that's
very tough yeah it's the hardest thing
ever if you watched my video I took me
like 12 tries to get up onto the water
pipe and I ended up skipping up yeah
wait you flew big round on top of the
quarter pipe like base for that cone is
we hit it that way and how do you get on
top of the quarter pipe it took like oh
you small balls we have real golf balls
but Brian thank you for for being in
this maybe next time we do a game it'll
be true talking shops trick hockey shots
would be fun yeah okay but uh rematch so
his channel he is I'm about to film a
video for him I think it came up
yesterday on Saturday Saturday so I just
did a video with him which will be fun
and it's floating above her heads his
channel right now and it's also in the
info store check it out I get to do try
to do some sort of trick while eating
very hot peppers it's an acrobatic
Acrobat eating demon arrows
and if you want to see more videos from
me just click the subscribe button right
below this video and you will see more I
do a lot of skateboarding lifestyle
stuff it's it's fun so hit that button
out appreciate it
either way you guys have a great day and
I'll see you soon tomorrow with a new
video
oh it's Monday so a throwback video
because YouTube took away a bunch of my
videos by letter duce
ah you should try it it hurts right you
already hit me wow you had a beard like
watch that I didn't hit you here buddy
I can't hit a pimp Ernest I hit me
better tonight it's too late Chuck won't
hit you the nose that's disgusting
all right
you
