warehouse Wednesday you rocked it don't
go to the water don't go in the water
okay actually go in the water then jump
over the water no jump the gap
oh oh oh pretty good get the Hat
alright I don't want me to wear the head
okay let's go hey Brian what we doing oh
we have these guys yeah
where else Wednesday nailed that we all
face this way so the Sun looks at your
face is sit down alright it is products
released I'm Jordan hunter turn your hat
around backwards alright okay turn it
back the other way that's it so yeah
it's where else mine's a you have to do
100 kick flips in a row if you land it
you will get $40 if you miss it you owe
us $40 alright a hundred kick moves in a
row we've not talked about you would be
one tired guy or that's not the
challenge at all is actually the force
release this week no no throwing
anything anymore
okay aspetto which from there it's
called dirt poor the earth force what
are we gonna do Brian aims for show some
product we're pretty much what we do
every single time release yeah I'm gonna
go let's walk go inside before something
horrible happens right in there's a lot
of grosses in that pumpkin let's just
not let's just hand that to dad running
on time you did yeah you didn't how was
the salad bye pumpkin how does it feel
to be nowhere else Wednesday are you
gonna be in it or are you just gonna
walk in the bathroom we're not gonna see
you for the rest of episode
okay no we're not doing that that'll be
another episode actually you already did
that I didn't do that
hi John Hill what's up Mandy how you
doing today good you're a part of the
force team and we're actually unveiling
the forest lineup of Springs I just
walked into yeah so you can come you can
be in this video product comment and
doesn't have that much product on it
this is the smallest force release we've
ever done right the reason is is because
a lot of the stuff didn't make the
deadline this can be pushed to the
summer release so the summer release can
be bigger but the things we are
releasing are really really cool we're
gonna show you them and then we're gonna
do some skateboarding so Brian Ames what
do you want to unveil first you're
supposed to be wearing a hoodie by the
way you ruined that whole thing I did
so that's shirt without a face you're
killing me today
the two best t-shirt graphics think
we've ever made I definitely like the
one that you're holding I'm holding yeah
this one is yes what is it called I
don't think we have a name for it yet
elemental elemental yeah Ryden was it
called say elemental that's not gonna be
called K cough we should make a kick in
the face graphic though good job ridin
cool I like it JV Coover made it and
then I wear it not today but I do wear
it on red it comes in black for you guys
yes this this is the next shirt and I
like to call it the ocean it's not cool
it's called it's not called seafoam it's
not cold it's called starfish days with
a Z warehouse ends day kamek kamek team
yeah that's what's been comment not
comment come am it coming comic common
stop so that's the comic tee which
matches some of the wheels actually both
these shirts match the wheels that are
about to see the color of the shirt but
we're missing one shirt it's gonna come
in before the launch so it is available
for launch right here its report right
here see that shirt you're Ryan Ames
created that and let's call it
so that sure is also available what's
that can be called draw a distressed
distress is just stress I was gonna I
was gonna go with gradient decline
no no what series do you wanna do first
John's gonna pick one well pick right
here we got the the Jason part good
friend of mine we have a new Pro Series
is what he's trying to say yeah it has
like a water esque pattern with a with a
seafoam green color seafoam green which
is definitely Jason Park Jason Park
actually recently got injured if you
guys haven't known I mean you should
always support this dude but really
support him right now while he is
sitting at home playing video games
resting his leg I'm playing with cats
and keeping them to Instagram yes he
does always who's up next
Erin Condren who I already leaked these
these are the fire elemental with Erin
Kairos Pro so awesome edition who is it
I like them it's upside down but you can
see that one look at that
he comes in 52 and 53 53 these are my
favorite probably out of all the Wills
we had to come and this is the next this
is the other of the elemental series
which are a pro series this I'm trying
to see it it's kind of hard I'm gonna
click the two in 53 yep so it's a
lightning pattern of course you can get
start by lightning but at least that way
it will be lit or on fire you are a
special guy that's just what's how the
internet talks these days comic series
it is the comic series comic series so
we got this we got to the manual it
literally so I don't have you guys can
see this
I definitely check out the shred
quarters see a more detailed drawing of
these but this is like a little um and
these will all be up on the free
quarters when you guys are watching this
yeah so it's it's sketched out like a
comic book
JP couvert did these and this is the
manual one it's got a nice blue and
white and black colorway going on and it
fits on your skateboard and lets you
roll imagine that it works oh my god Wow
alright next next we have the grind
we've got a little blacks ledge light
back Smith action going on 52 and 54
fine it's a green colorway with some
gray white blacks and then behind every
wheel is Brian Eames right this last
wheel
we got the rail 51 and 52 s on these yep
so uh let me let me see you Brian uh you
know what it looks like a boardslide
let's not lie but I like to imagine that
he's doing a kickflip boardslide so yeah
a flip in again this kind of hard to
focus with the fisheye to get these
wheels so definitely go to the Shred
course calm and look at all the wheels
they're really really good graphics
designed by all of them are designed by
JP yeah everything except that one sure
that's Ryan Eames created all of this
comes out this Saturday at midnight so
technically Friday nights at the Shred
Quarters dot-com the information is
right down there that's its eastern
standard time so if you're on the west
coast in California it's actually nine
o'clock Friday night either way figure
out what time zone you're in and when it
comes out but it's Saturday here in Ohio
as soon as it strikes midnight and goes
over to Saturday that's when this stuff
comes out boom hope you guys dug it's um
we'll do some skateboarding for you and
claw quits Ryan you should never wear
the same as me ever again and I did and
this is weird um he's super dumb right
now yeah you can have this back right
thanks buddy time time is this you need
a helmet on sir if you're gonna skate
look at that guy I'm gonna see him again
because he's gonna do ten more tricks
that wasn't stupid
almost drop your camera snap you see
smack my he's smack my hand earlier
but that is it guys this Saturday
technically a Friday night Eastern
Standard Time and midnight is when all
this stuff goes live at the Shred
quarters calm God what God gets he's
doing is do this thing
yeah Ernest in short everything yeah
okay thank you guys and we're excited
you think you'd be making this stuff
that is it will see you tomorrow here on
my channel for the more videos but we
see you next Wednesday because we're
house Wednesday is every weekday when's
peel Wednesday only Wednesday ridin hey
what do you got to say
warehouse Wednesday is he ok are you ok
where you go
