Charlie Ford was one of the most
naturally talented skateboarders I've
ever known I only knew Charlie for a
little over a year but it seems like I
knew him forever he just had a way with
people that he could just make you like
him no matter what
I've had an idea for a t-shirt in his
memory for quite a while but I didn't
know what I wanted to put the money
towards recently I talked with his
sister and she let me know that his
grave still does not have a grave marker
all the money that I make off of the
shirt will go towards getting Charlie a
grave marker that he would be proud of
the more money we raise the better the
grave marker we will get
whoever buys a t-shirt and helped us
achieve this goal if you upload a photo
of you wearing the Charlie Ford t-shirt
to your instagram and hashtag it Charlie
Ford T I'm going to make a thank-you
video for YouTube and a shout-out video
for Instagram to say thank you to you
guys for helping us remember an amazing
skateboarder if we don't raise enough
money through this t-shirt then I will
figure out a way to make it happen
thank you guys so much for your support
okay guys what's up so uh wow yeah that
was a super powerful video Nigel didn't
and it's amazing that he's doing this he
explained himself perfectly but I just
wanted to kind of really stress this it
was such a tragedy to lose Charlie Ford
in the first place that the guy was such
a good skateboarder
and everyone that I know that knew him
say he was the nicest dude in the world
and then to know that doesn't have a
grave marker and I don't know just the
fact that Nigel's doing this like a you
know I feel it like it's such a good
thing that Nigel was doing with this so
I wanted to stress please please support
this I mean as skateboarders
skateboarding is a family you know like
we all are skateboarders you know ah are
supposed to have each other's back you
know I think this is awesome that we
could do this for Charlie and I just
urge you to do the same thing I want to
thank Nigel and strange planet USA for
making me a special red shirt but you
guys meet your hands on the black ones
that nigel was wearing and talking about
so there's a link right down there
please go do it you know we got a gotta
have each other's backs even in a
situation like this so I hope you guys
do it and remember if you do do it make
sure you do that use that hashtag that
Nigel said and you put on Instagram and
you can get shouted out in the shout out
video he's doing but there you guys go
I hope I hope you took something from
that and I hope you guys support the
cause I think this is a really good
thing that Nigel's doing so um that's it
guys thank you guys for watching this
video and I will see you next time
you
