youtubes what is up I am Billy YouTube's
what is up I'm doing a mini green setup
today I'm gonna put this together and
skated I don't really oh you broke mine
didn't you I'm skating it now so skating
I'm skating into my car okay either way
I don't have a mini green I know Alex
one time broke mine and then you stole
the next one I just yeah yeah okay so
but he gave me another one I gave him a
board and cut it into it and here it is
it's got Doug's t-rex board it's got a
t-rex face on it so that's kinda cool
t-rex is make everything better in life
so I'm gonna put this stuff together I'm
gonna talk to you and say some random
crap and then I'm gonna skate or around
here on this is like the tiniest escape
or ever it's like pretty much like a
roller skate so it's super hard to do
some tricks but it's really rewarding
it's a lot of fun and hopefully I can do
some tricks for you guys today but let's
put it together I'm gonna tell Ramsgate
stories that are kind of funny my first
kickflip was on accident I mean I was
trying it but I was tryin to skating - I
was really proud that I did it that fast
I was trying to turn in trying and not
surprisingly not landing it and then I
started talking to my friend casually
and I looked down mid conversation and I
tried to kick him but I landed it and I
looked back up but just kept talking to
him and it took me like a good like 15
seconds to realize I had a lander the
kickflip first whatever yeah it's an
Andy shock moment another funny story
which is probably gonna be it sound
honorable because I'd the footage on a
computer that I don't have access to
right now but my first nollie nose slide
was on an 8 Sir Henry
well you seen the footage you know oh
yeah yes he's dead yep yeah it was
sloppy it was super bad but it was like
how is that your first no no son and I
haven't I've tried to only notice eyes
on hand real sense but I haven't landed
100 think the same with Feebles his
feeble was when I first thought he was
like on a shape Satan cereal people miss
shapes well go to the rail we probably
hated we probably hate the rope was bad
every maybe first UFO B was right when I
learned him I got really excited it was
outside the comic shop that I used to
hang out at and I did the heel flip I
went into the shop and I was like deep
please that he's the dude that ran the
comic shop and I was like hi delay on
the heel if you gotta come look at this
dude so he comes out and I tried to heel
flip and it goes straight up my butt
just popsicle dude and he's just died
laughing
and he just walked back inside he was
like just in tears and I was like pretty
amazing that's excited like it's up
there on Beechmont too so when I'm ever
at that polite shopping center I'm like
I remember when I had a board up my butt
here
my first grind on a handrail technically
I went because it was a poor stair
kinked like knobbed handrail tape thing
doing a speed rail you know like you
shouldn't I should not have been able to
grind through it I probably told this
around on YouTube before but I did I
back 5:02 Forster that's how it always
goes like you skate the stupidest things
and then like the next day I found a
five stair and back 50 52 and then the
next day I found out real the Kilgore
2/8 here oh yeah wait it's a a big eight
it is so I just like level don't really
fast my one minute I am super
color-coded right now yes yes you are
beautiful-looking combo my shirt in my
aboard oh yeah I haven't even told you
guys like what I'm putting what I'm
skating so after I get done putting this
together I'll go over it the whole point
of setup video and I forgot to do it
final Hardware final fight oh good game
alright here it is I don't know how big
this looks on the fisheye but I'll take
my shoe off
not a big skateboard at all these are
tiny when you first skate it on a it's
kind of shocking how hard it is but then
when you get used to it and you do a
trick you feel like the best person in
the whole world this is what it is
though I have the the revive Doug cos
tells t-rex dick with the am grip this
is a hashtag cutout grip tape that we
have some Orion trucks these are for
like seven seven five board six inch
decks so they're a little wide but it'll
be okay it makes it honestly it makes it
kind of easier yeah when you have this
other tiny board have some dougie so
this is a doug deck i don't we have some
duct tape those pizza wheels which are
in really good shape and then I have
some fkd Swiss bearings
kind of hardware you got here I got some
revive lifeboats so so it'll be good
sounds like a brand new setup because I
sent this up for my cruiser and I didn't
skate it too much I've just been really
busy and I skated my normal skateboard
so here we go let's do some tricks on
this and see how it goes kickflip test
like a rock wasn't too hard thought my
foot was gonna be here every time
let's try big oh wow I get back up oh my
god I gotta save that trick for another
day but that means you get another video
of me landing that hopefully these that
guy he takes up all used skateboards and
cuts them down to this size it's small
but super super rewarding and fun once
you actually lay out some traits and get
the hang of it so if you guys want one
they'll be a link right down there to go
to the store where he sells let me just
put a new batch up this weekend grab
while you can because they go fast and
it takes him a while to cut them down
and make more but they're really really
cool we actually are working on a bigger
project which I can't go into it right
now but there's more things in store
with the mini green world so tune in
guys I'm gonna go catch my breath I'm
like barely getting all this
Thanks yeah
thank you guys for watching I do
appreciate that there's John Hill he's
also in every single 90s movie ever when
they need someone on the street playing
basketball oh my gosh it's a backwards
hat you got the best ball what's that
white boy can jump movie yeah you were
like a dude you were an extra in the
background yes I am really we all know
the store
you
