YouTube what's up guys so is a Saturday
a couple of the guys and I are going out
street filming for take over the world
wishes Reviva second full-length skate
video and we're in Cincinnati okay
clearly I'm in straight quarters fingers
crossed on this being a successful day
we've been skating a city for as long as
we have since and it's kind of hard to
come up with a skate spot you want to
skate so I'm just waiting for the guys
I'm the only one that's somewhat on time
I was even like a few minutes late we're
gonna warm up and we're gonna get out of
here and go skate the streets finally
not snowing outside a skateboard I'm
gonna skate you today
sup new hats you have four tries to do
three tricks on the hip all right you
can only miss once I have full
confidence that he's gonna do this -
because Jordans amazing one there is
your one miss I don't know what your
punishment is if you if you screw this
up but uh probably nothing
hopefully it's harsh that's - yeah one
more trick one try I'm predicting this
is going to be increasing I was right I
started screaming right when you landed
I'm sorry I called it when you were over
there I was like I bet she's gonna do a
360 and a 360 you won nothing good one
because you guessed the trick
I did well yeah okay what do I even this
cool there you go I never had was before
behind the scenes of YouTube hey there's
lights bad I like the fact they put in
that yeah I like how we have the same
board so I've never ever filmed a shot
like this in my car oh okay surprise
watch a bootleg Hillary Clinton you got
so many people's blood boiling now that
you said a politician's yeah they're
just mad like the Internet's all like no
I'm right no my party's right tacos
Jordan
king of birth sucks 1 & 2 are good King
cannot like any of them after 2 this is
a hands down the last conversation they
probably thought we're gonna be in this
video
not was gonna be in this video - we're
gonna go skate a manual pad which I'm
gonna suck at so we'll see what else I
think she traded number 2 pencils for it
at the shop and showed me all these what
what noise used to make do you ever
practice noises and like words to say at
your house sometimes like impressions
straight fake fake straight null know
that yeah you table so that I like into
it
hey Fred hi
yes
freaking hoody laces are hitting me in
the eyeballs the hoods going over my
face in the middle of it this is really
deceiving whether it's like really cold
one second and then it's super nice and
perfect the next so yeah I did a little
session on that it was fun but
downstairs my trick for his part and I'm
gonna film and so I think you can do it
so he's got it okay so Sam landed good
job Sam your video parts you got to put
your time in
you tired I can't walk I mean I can but
it's like haha I don't know I don't know
if my body feels like it'd be the worst
thing to skate or I could loosen up just
to think if we can't everything to
whoever then it should be and you and
you and me so that all right so I'm
taking him back whose house and I
thought why not mini interview with Sam
Tabor Sam Tabor if you gonna wanna play
one video game for the rest of your life
what would you play that's hard so
that's really worth every video get some
orange really probably like halo online
I could
okay first-person shooter I can see just
obviously hit Mario Kart is that weird
you could never be good at Mario Kart
you're always gonna suck at some point
you know you're always gonna be in first
place and get smash down to last planet
if you've been for the rest of your life
you would still suck at it by the end of
it like you'd still dial on okay here's
one if you eat one thing for the rest
your life loaded beat prep legs crab
legs
you would die I was gonna say potato cuz
I'm a you freaking french fry it
you could hash brown it and I asked crab
legs
match match crab last crab legs if you
had to give up skateboarding or driving
but would a people sure it would be but
I give up girl yeah let it be a good
excuse because you can just make your
friends have you around you have any
friends I have that like just mooch off
my driving anyway yeah like they
basically already live by their there's
the Sun if you didn't know where that
was it's heaven it's shining down on
this
if someone who's giving you ten dogs or
one king cobra snake which one would you
take to Doc's here take $10 gonna keep
Cobra I don't either but I want 10 dogs
it would suck to have a kink over you
like I don't want to feed you you wake
up and be scared kinda you know this
could be the day yeah if this is me they
were you ever seen the dude that like
just like smacks them in the face when
they like get out of line yeah dude that
guy that guy's an awesome that has some
test
yeah are you a dog or a cat person
another one yeah both lonegan that's it
that's how was interview time question
time I don't know whatever that was
that's what it was what's that figure
like all right cuz hidden
congratulations a trick thanks man
I'm gonna go die don't do that I will
goodbye five years
hey buddy what are you I missed you I
went skating Youngtown where are we
going tonight it's a home and garden oh
where is it we're going right back
downtown we're exactly where I was okay
cool
my battery's about dying this so what
I'm gonna do for the rest of this this
phase is I'm gonna sell this off on my
phone and whatever happens happens
what are you gonna say and thank you but
look a ween bubblin moan at me okay wait
wait wait
wind is wind does Papa ever mow at you
hey I love you
okay so we're going to this Home &
Garden Show I mean I guess it's about
your home and garden I don't really know
much about this so this is what happens
when you have a family and stuff you
just start doing things without thinking
about it like oh we're going here okay
Ryden how do you feel about this place
there's boxes I've literally been in
here 30 seconds I've already spent 50
bucks ridin you have a lot of dots on
your we just had some samples or you ate
you literally ate like oil like spoons
of vinegar
oh it's for dressing that makes sense I
should give it you a like a leaf or
something don't hit him don't hit the
guy
your hands are probably covered and
smooth what's his name now see he's a
house right and who is that over there
his name is Star Wars
I love food I love hot sauce I love this
guy
what Paul Paul does I don't I need to
buy one of these not for sale one day
though okay guys this is the next day
we're gonna keep this vlogger sewed
going this is kind of like a weekend
hugger so I guess that was a yesterday
was Saturday and today I want to open up
this right here I don't think I recently
ordered a new camera for vlogging sewed
like this and yeah I'm gonna open it up
and I'm really excited about this let's
let's get to it
where's riding the sleeping upstairs
we'll wake him up here in a second does
this do time for him to wake up from his
nap good amazing if this wasn't it like
I forgot I had ordered something else
and this wasn't it at all but it is it
first off we have this something I
probably won't use this is a camera case
that came with it
wait this this is the canon powershot
g7x a lot of vloggers on the internet
used this including John Hill Adam L Z
actually told me to get this at one
point and then I saw John using it and I
was like all right I'm sold because I
used to shoot these on GoPros and that
became kind of frustrating because uh I
had the hero session for which I don't
say I think that the regular hero4 is
are great but the hero session for kind
of died out on me once which was my
fault and the set I got a new one in the
second time it just like stopped working
on its own so I was like all right I'm
done open it up
hey Manuel something no one ever uses
here is the camera it comes with a
battery which I need to get more of
these I'll probably go today actually
buy some later on a camera strap which
again I'll never use my life this thing
which is its charger what you need and
then the actual camera here it is
and supposedly let's put the let's put
the bed battery in there if it works
I'm going through all the settings and
it thinks I'm in London I'm not there it
is you guys can see yourself see I have
it set up on an sbox I'm not gonna do
anything with this camera for this vlog
aside but I just wanted to open it up
I'm really excited about it
heck yes hopefully I don't break this
okay we're gonna go wake riding up
because we have some family stuff to do
and he needs to wake up from his nap
I got my first piece of art for my house
this is by dr. Seuss actually and it's
pretty cool you won't wake up I got a
new camera writing it's pretty cool huh
how was your nap good you're not cranky
that's good could you jump on the bed
right now do you have enough energy do
it let's see it well don't you oh my
gosh I didn't jump off the bed I meant
on like jump up and down that's pretty
awesome though
like how you jumped across your room so
the whole time that I opened up my new
camera I just realized that there was a
Dalmatian makes me I'm jumping away
thank you for watching good luck I said
the block so do so uh this is a little
weird episode but I hope you guys dug it
it was way different a lot of different
things happen I'll be back with more
episodes of this more day in life's we
aren't revenge's all that fun stuff more
skateboarding of course so thank you
guys for watching I do daily videos to
hit the subscribe button if you want to
see more for me who you guys like and
comment I appreciate it you want to say
anything ready that's a naked flower
what is a clothed flower I've never seen
one of those that's pretty awesome I
want him to put on pants that's good
good bye
he's coming back and I'm really
interested to see what pansy put on come
here okay did you say you have shorts
and pants on that's awesome buddy high
five yeah let's go see if your mom will
you wear that tonight okay
