YouTube what is up guys so recently I
did a video with coheed and cambria and
it was awesome and fun cambree ladies
gentlemen and all the guys in the band
are really really down-to-earth and cool
but afterwards I got the chance to do a
video with only claudio the lead singer
he's also the creator of a handful of
comics he's just an all-around brilliant
talented super nice guy and this was
such a cool experience but I'll shut up
and let you guys watch it this is a top
5 with Claudio Sanchez I'm a fan of his
work as you guys know I've been talking
about what this guy does and the band
for years now so we're doing a top 5
basically what happens is I ask you I
give you a category and you give me your
top 5 favorites ok and there's cake I
just got done getting caked by the band
that's why I look like this and I've
gotten successful cake on my phone first
category top 5 movies top 5 movies it's
like the hardest one I feel so bad after
like going through that little trouble
blow these at different times oh they'll
forget about that one for me I think
definitely Star Wars a new hope is up
there I mean I think that had a profound
impact on me I mean doing what I do
writing in science fiction and that
counterpart of what the band does very
much
you know Star Wars is is very much the
seeds of that so I definitely throw that
up the Star Wars a - what would be - a
true romance ok it's written by cleaning
tarantino it's just a super ultraviolent
beautiful love story I think certainly
one of my favorites I've mr. surprise
something I should admit but I've never
seen it oh really
next time we talk I'll be able to
totally wrong romance
okay so true romance alright would be
number two - number three would be
ghostbusters just cuz that is the one
movie and I'm proud that I got that
answer right yeah because boom that was
the one movie that I found myself
quoting the most is oh and just watching
over and over again and it was the first
one I latched on to yo really yeah
really latched on to absolutely all the
toys
acted as I watched it you know in New
York City I mean Kyle in about 30
minutes from New York City and you can
sort of see it from the Tappan Zee
Bridge which is the main bridge outside
of my town and I always just used to
think that the ghostbusters were there
and I mean not just recently actually I
walked by the firehouse oh dude yeah
every day out of that woman in New York
once three what would four be the Batman
with Michael Keaton okay Nora turns
turns dark I would probably go with the
original up throw Batman up there what
else let's see what I got in my you
okay I'm so bad the answers tell
everything I was about to ask no I'll
just look at the movies that I tend to
buy over and over again imagine not
seeing that you do not see Mattel me to
see that no I mean it won so many awards
last night it's great so let's see what
I got in here army of Darkness Back to
the Future bill & ted's is definitely
one of them they were saying you liked
it you I want to find something that's
like yeah this guy oh it's perfect I was
reading the quotes last night if the
dialogue was like I need to re-watch
these movies dude uh you know I might go
with Inception whoo let's get these good
just cuz I just think that the the
premise is really interesting and very
you know like puzzle not to snoop into
you know movie y all every single movie
there it was like I was like no dude
that I saw yeah I mean I just these
movies like over and over again
top five bands top five benches are
probably impossible right
I think well right off the bat I would
probably have to go with well the 2
right 1 & 2 would be jimi hendrix
experience just because um you know I
find that I emulate what Hendrix did on
stage a lot not that I'm not in terms of
like the behind the head yeah yeah mouth
my son's middle name is Hendrix so you
know I definitely spent a lot of time
listening to to him we'd go number two
would be Pink Floyd because you know I
saw Pink Floyd in 1994 on the Division
Bell tour and I wasn't a fan of the band
or that you know it was just something
that friends were like oh we should go
see this you know and I did and it you
know watching the visuals and the music
and the way those two things that's an
experience oh absolutely never never
ever seen them yeah I definitely I
definitely think that that had seeds in
this you know what I mean like Star Wars
and Pink Floyd is our camera yeah it's
like this converge it's like oh that's
that's a mathematical equation yeah I
think Floyd would be up there too and
then I guess I would stay in the classic
rock world with the Beatles you know
just spend a lot of time listening to
the Beatles I just think there it was
such a great progression of a band you
know going from sort of this
pop-oriented thing to sort of expanding
into what kind of felt like a
progressive I mean they was about to
work yeah totally spending yeah it was
it's just a beautiful like evolution of
that of that band oh I thought at the
driving was just a great and we season
for skate edits oh like yeah we're like
like 15 16 you know like so we've always
been in villages and then Mars Volta we
got interested too a little bit
uh-huh yeah I would definitely throw
them up there one more yeah one more um
let's see I think Jane's Addiction okay
all right so that's fine cellphone cake
cake cellphone you travel a lot clearly
I do you're a rock star
top five cities Oh cities okay so right
off the bat New York is my favorite city
in the world I mean I live in New York I
don't know
you can get anything at any hour you
cannot in Cincinnati I'm a 24-hour like
grocery store to expand website I said
that's it yeah it's just it's just great
I mean the you know the diversity the
cultures you know it's just uh yeah it's
good for our son to I think he he needs
that sort of you know culture yeah I
guess I'm just like you know just a
stimulation in second would be Paris
France
um it makes sense with go yeah I mean
that's where the Coheed was born so yeah
Paris France
I guess Japan would probably be up there
we're in Japan though Tokyo yeah I guess
Tokyo because my wife and I we got
engaged there Oh
so five o'clock on the links
congratulations oh yeah
five o'clock in the morning I woke her
up and cuz I pretend to wake up fairly
early yeah and I woke her up and I gave
her the ring and I said you know this is
what's gonna happen for the rest of your
life could be up before you and this is
happening as awesome s3 right uh yeah
let's see where should I really like
Chicago we just left Chicago there's
something about it I haven't really
spent a whole lot of time there you know
when we have the days off in the city I
do really like it a lot so let's see
where's another Oh Cologne Germany okay
yeah I've never been there yeah I like
Cologne Germany we had a couple of days
off maybe they were like rehearsal days
got to explore it a bunch and I just
kind of fell in love with it recently
right yeah yeah okay this is good this
is one my favorite ones top five things
to do besides music what do I do
I don't I like to walk that's a good one
one night yeah anytime morning I guess
yeah yeah so like five o'clock good
morning I'm walking around the city
because I can't really work in the
apartment I'll drive people crazy so I
do I really like to walk the great thing
about there I get it
yeah absolutely creative churning mm-hmm
number two like being a dad that
probably should be number one but yeah
you do realize later in the list that is
number yeah got my family I do like that
a lot it's fun and being out here it
just made it more meaningful yeah I do
like creating comics yeah yeah yeah I
mean absolutely that's definitely up
there and I do I do like sharing that
with my wife so yeah
you guys have a lot of - we have a
there's kill audio translucid and Kizzy
and together we're actually working on
amory wars we're doing work together
Tommy and I are we decided to do that
together
I do love working with my wife so I get
him comic comic books and working with
my wife is for sure his there yeah it's
at three or if you you could count that
as for thing with my wife is oh okay
well there you go
so one more okay one more I like going
to movies yeah film yes I do
all right there top five superheroes oh
you are yeah okay I would go number one
would be would be Batman for sure I was
gonna assume that yeah I mean I just I
find that that I always am excited and
enthused when I read a Batman story
number two would probably be Wolverine
just because you know my brother and I
we just loved him so much as kids we
loved the claws were so cool the rage
was interesting he's like every single
kid's favorite yeah at a certain point
he was yours yeah you know he's just he
is awesome you know he's got that quiet
loner sort of mentality but you know he
can be a team player 3 would be
Rorschach of the watch let's go yeah I'm
probably a close tie between him and dr.
Manhattan so here before
well I bright I probably put them bald
guy and they're fighting number three
but then number four I would I would go
with spawn boom
yeah listen I grew up on ya just because
when those guys like those guys split
and started image like that was like the
flagship yeah and they kicked off well
yeah I just loved spawn I thought he had
everything you know the religious aspect
the magic I thought his costume was cool
I did you know enemies really cool to us
growing up yeah yeah yeah just dark you
know it was scary yeah the violator the
team or all those cool dudes I loved
spawn if I had to pick a last one I
probably just go spider-man it's one of
those things where I got sake one of
everybody's favorite but it's just it's
spider-man
yeah totally like goes with that too
definitely you know when I was a kid my
father would play music in the car and I
would look outside the window and in my
imagination spider-man would be swinging
from rooftops you know it's just like so
spider-man would be know as awesome okay
well thank you very much for doing oh
you got it I completely forgot that cake
I don't like it on my face it's all time
I thank you for what you've done the
creative everything and you know it
affects a lot of lives so it's been
awesome to have you onboard thank you
guys for watching that's it
we're done here thank you an eagle
hey guys I hope you guys dug that video
if you don't know who Claudio is you
should definitely look up Coheed music
and if you're into comic books check out
the comic books he does Kesey translucid
and kill audio and the amory wars which
is a tied in with the Coheed story the
creator of those but he was it was such
a wild experience because you know
they've always been my favorite band and
I've been listen to the dudes sing for
10 plus years it was wild like at first
when I did the intro with them I kind of
look like like not my normal self that's
why I did the intro e sitting here
because my Energy's not what it usually
is at but it was a super cool experience
we actually filmed a ton like he was
very descriptive with his answers and he
we ended up talking for like 25 minutes
you know and I broken down to ten
minutes for this video it was really
really cool experience I just wanted to
say thank you to coach Camarillo thank
you to Claudio and they actually just
released a new video for the island
which is funny because today Batman vs
Superman comes out so you should check
it out it's a funny little it relates to
that movie so so check it out um there's
a link right end of this video or down
in the info it's really really cool so
there you go I do videos every day so
stay tuned but mean you just check out
the island music video I'll see you that
