hey yeah I know dude I jumped over that
and saw this dead lizard right away to
poor guy totally not alive anymore
frontside 360 how do you think copa y
kapolei top la close to that awful a
cobbly we're here where we're gonna
skateboard
nicely done well you know what it you
can't have it because we didn't go we're
not gonna go we're gonna scout it's all
right so that's what would have happened
if we would pick up O'Brien oh hey
what would you down if I what if I
wasn't here ever would have rolled right
into this Oh ship hey watch yourself
watch your face wash this puddle just
watch out all right you want try that
again yes okay
sorry okay this is the best thing ever
for your butt sit down in a brine just
experience what your butt happens
experience what your thought happens run
normal chair get up get up okay you
don't appreciate anything it's so good
it's just like it's about it's a
personal spa it's like a like a pillow
for your but it's a it's a pillow that
goes up it pushes the soffit as your
comfort up at you it's right here
and you wow you have a lot of stuff do
once per garebear o callaghan settlers
you're gonna meet him I am gonna meet
him I'm gonna put my sunglasses on also
he's a good boy keeping mine on to from
you oh yes yeah did you like sideways
and crooked like I have sunglasses what
I did i'm glad i'm not good at that hey
Brett remember that one time we just
started filming and walking past our car
yeah yeah well you don't remember
filming because I was but you remember
me know i was there i recall that yeah
okay here's our van not
