all right come on out guys
come on yes it is good Bryan Ames is not
here okay
and I just went to the dentist that's
why I am ridiculous I don't know if I
sound funny but I feel really funny and
I can't really skate so these guys
aren't gonna skateboard today and we are
going to mess up our names he is in on
vacation in Mexico right now Mexico City
I can't tell her but his new Cruiser
that he's really psyched about is right
here we're gonna paint it up and then
we're gonna go into his office and maybe
we'll skate on his desk I don't know
we'll see we'll decide what we get there
okay let's go all six of us yeah
all right get it Bryan come on
yeah you're right all right on the desk
yeah
no wait no Brian actually wait what is
this please don't destroy my desk while
I'm gone oh my gosh you guys know that
was a good Bry names I commend you and I
will obey it but we're still messing
with you okay let's just worry about
painting this deck first okay Casey I
want you to draw something right here
all right any sort of inspiration kind
of just does it sound that bad I still
have the novocaine is still happening so
it's gonna be so sore tonight I think
everyone knows it is it's a powder
powder puffs girl Power Puff girl is a
power of powder petrol oil petrol maybe
I'm holding a hammer hey Brad hammer
yeah it's the worst hammer it's like an
axe you did the line just to make it
more like an axe that's a blessing right
that is an axe and she's chopping her
own head though she's carrying it like
behind her it's a bummer that uh Brian
Eames have skated this so much there's
old dusty grip tape a unibrow
and that's good right pretty good all
right oh it's good
Friday's office we're not gonna skate
your desk we were gonna skate your desk
we're not gonna skate your desk now but
we are going to play a game of skate in
your office
I'm afraid then I'll bite my lip off of
my skate so Alex who actually has like a
broken toe right now is gonna he's gonna
be up for the task and Casey's gonna be
able to task
I've never even skated sir who's never
done an ollie yeah all right rules are
simple you play a game of skate and then
it has to be stationary so this is gonna
be tough sorry oh sorry oh sorry on four
so paper rock scissors shoot and two out
of three he wins got there two and three
dude oh I just went with it the whole
time I didn't look good you're allowed
to slip out and hit anything in this
room we are gonna get injured in here
it's gonna be so much harder than normal
speed
Wow
Wow okay with you Oh Casey little
cheaters don't normally go for them I
feel horrible oh my gosh ground just so
you guys know skating stationary is way
harder so hard yeah I've never I never
done this trick because I just started
skating today change wow you got me dude
i Goti oh my gosh Wow artful business a
stomach he'll grab one more try well
Casey you put up a good fight I thought
you were gonna win the winner is me this
guy but the real winner is Bry names
okay Bryan you do a lot for revived
skateboards everything we're going in
here so thank you very much and we got
you something
I know you're in some paradise resort
right now on the beach but we got you
something for when you get back here
okay Casey we all you want to hold the
camera yes right I hope you're hungry we
get back okay it's right here we have a
barbecue ranch salad it is gonna be
delicious
there we go barbecue ranch okay two
packets cuz they never give you enough
dressing hey here we go
you'll be sitting here waiting for you
okay Brian Amos eat up how long do you
have Lee like mine
Casey Alex thank you guys for competing
in this and you guys channels is in the
info below if you want to click them
they are know if you guys want to click
them there in the subscribe to hood yeah
please
you
