Hey right who are you how are you riding
I'm your dad I I love you hey did you
want to do a Star Wars quiz that if you
get it right if you beat the quiz you
get to make any sandwich for me and I
have to eat it it can be as gross as you
want all right so I'm gonna ask you 15
questions and you have to get 10 of them
right okay do you want to dress up as a
Star Wars character for to be fun Yeah
right hey aren't your costumes over here
oh oh wow okay
are those them okay I'll give you some
privacy buddy good job awesome high five
that's not that high actually up here
there you go all right who do you want
to be a star kid gonna be a stormtrooper
I did I don't think we have the
stormtrooper anymore
here you wanna be Darth Vader whoa all
right put that on Wow yeah there we go
whoa and apparently Darth Vader has a
blue lightsaber today oh okay Darth
Vader are you ready well I'm gonna start
with it easy it's gonna be an easy one
who is Luke's sister all right that's
all the camera yeah yeah yeah
that is right all right that's one right
yeah I get nine more right what sound
does a Jawa yeah okay okay okay I'm
starting to have a little easier they
okay that was good that's two points
bigger whoa right he started watching
Star Wars a new hope like when he was
like a year old and he used to call Star
Wars booty knee you know that you
remember that yeah I got the new hope
that yes now like that's his name haha
alright question 3 what is Lando's last
name right they'll tie with okay that's
good I don't think you're gonna know
that if you get all of these then that
means I underestimated you
that's good you got three right okay
what monster attack
Luke on Hoth okay camera what what
monster attacks Luke on Hoth and my wine
pop bill you're rocking this buddy oh do
you have a fold down go down
how many to go oh wow
did you did you guess what you peril you
can do math yes for Talon Sisko okay
what color is Luke's lightsaber in the
Whomper cave and blue
that's correct and when he the dead nah
he cool when he's a Jedi Knight but
talented Jedi right well wore out but
guys I'm sorry if he is is this I have
that book about a loop like they would
squeeze you'd give a book about it yeah
memo table why assumed it was a Star
Wars book
what does obi-wan Kenobi deactivate on
the Death Star
um just finally the one you miss um
detective let go what you always had it
what is it a paddle what compactor
what's he called he's going at it look
is that the Death Star is right here and
he's pointing at it there sit down
alright so you don't know the tractor
beam Oh
the tractor beam that's what you do
activates Oh lb-1 turn off the trackable
yes you knew that I thought you do that
but you have five right you've missed
one will continue who does obi-wan
attack in the cantina look at the camera
hey do you remember the cantinas is the
place where everyone had drinks
remember they meet han Solo and
Chewbacca look at the camera who does
obi-wan attack uh party that blah blah
Ponda Baba oh it's good I mean do you
know who pawned obama's friend is named
dr. evasion Wow Brad you're doing
awesome six sprites one wrong let's keep
going other than an x-wing and the
Millennium Falcon named a rebel starship
ah don't go that is an imperial ship so
wrong what's wrong
so that's two wrong you could have said
a Y wing and a wing a B wing here oh
well you already
you're just a sorcerer key you get
tickled for that understand so we're
gonna tickle your got tickled sit down
your bluesaver Darth Vader okay okay
okay okay okay so that's two wrong and
you have six right oh this one's easy
you're gonna get this one finish the
quote into the garbage
hey I'm the camera right yeah no what
does she say the whole sentence into the
garbage D Playboy there you go you
nailed it he knows own Ivan I used to
read him a book and I always used to
tell him that seven right - wrong you
could still potentially mess this up but
I don't think you're going to what is
the name of Java's huge monster you
camera it when cope it oh I'm then
Winkle the rancor yeah the pit is where
he lives
he's right - wrong I'm not kidding I
made these so I thought that he would
get a handful wrong but he's doing
really good my gosh I'm proud of you you
know that even if you bring it in I'm
wrong I still be proud to you that cuz
I'm your dad what sound does a Tuscan
Raider make yeah look at the camera do
it I'll give you the point but it's more
like this
now you sound like I'm like a robot tarz
okay nine right if you just get one more
I have to eat this weird sandwich who
lives on Dagobah mmm wrong ha that's
three wrong
Yoda lives on Dagobah huh you knew that
though right oh so three wrong nine
right
how many death stars were there look
again yeah at the tenth
that is the tenth buddy give me a high
five I think you have two more right
we'll do two more we'll ask him just to
see if you totally rocked it quiz what
kind of species is Chewbacca creature is
he what kind of species is I looked it
lookey yeah you got right there you go
to the rock too slow the last question
is in the end was Darth Vader a good guy
or a bad guy
look what okay good guy good guys right
well high five buddy you did really
really good you congratulations you won
yeah well I'm gonna make it you're gonna
tell me what the pond okay you put four
ingredients on okay good good
okay pickles crackers two pickles
crackers and two other things
uh Matt donut hot stuff oh my gosh that
sounds super gross daddy how they do it
okay are you gonna taste it too oh yeah
you're gonna do it too right yeah he's
gonna do it too yeah all right
honestly I was afraid that he was gonna
pick for condiments because that would
have been disgusting
what I needed it's gonna be okay this is
disgusting
and I like anything and this is
discussing in a snap i pickled all right
over this are you ready hmm hmm all the
pops off hmm whoa record I'm sure it's
not that bad good a macro throw bottle
thing but the hot sauce tastes good and
I put a lot of hot sauce on there well
you want a bite yeah you eat it you eat
it
open your mouth open your mouth maybe
hey hey hey don't punch my sandwich if
you like this go down there and give
this video a thumbs up maybe we'll do
like a Marvel a Marvel quiz next time he
needs to learn some more about the
Marvel superheroes but thank you guys
for watching hope you enjoyed it what do
you want to say and thank you look don't
punch my sandwich
I love you I love you eat it oh no you
but you gotta eat you gotta be
adventurous in life come on they're gay
it's just a mustard and hot sauce
cracker oh you eat it yeah just a little
bit just a little nibble little devil oh
you didn't eat that much it couldn't
been that bad buddy are you ready for
another bite yeah you are
okay let's go
