wrong you want to try this I don't know
is it gonna ruin my day
no no am i actively youtubing right now
yes wondering its Carolina Reaper juice
pretty much right
it's like a bad day doesn't you like
that yeah pretty good pretty good so I
said it's like drinking the dust of a
like a hot nuri toe bag I don't know
there's no good flavor in that at all
what they just did is they took Carolina
Reaper chips which you've watched my
channel
you've seen me just destroy myself over
and they curate it and then they got
this terrible looking Carolina Reaper
juice yeah it tastes awful
hey dude you need to just down it like
well we all know case you'll do it not
touch it oh we all know Ryan bracket
will do it it smells like really really
bad ramen yeah it looks a little P are
you think about the word P is he drink
that was not a sip that was like an
imaginary sin what no okay so I'd like
to think that that was the dumbest thing
I'm gonna do in this video but I'm
actually about to go get with Aleks
buting and we're about to go do some
terrible dangerous things on a
skateboard trellis go get Alex and
distribution and let's go to the shred
quarters and see what we can do oh are
you in trekkers
he was not in distribution but there are
some skateboards sorry sorry I'm sorry
oh that was sad that was sad look at me
dude she's stretching are you nervous
oh dude you got a brand new skateboard
don't you
you love the minutes are dead you skate
that a bunch don't ya I like it took a
crack yeah
so how did you put the allankapoor and
are you ready to do some terrible ideas
yes we're gonna start it off small yeah
small ball just some basic skateboard on
skateboard runs okay just a little bit
I've done this in my life but I have no
memory out well doing into the grinds a
little different too I mean I feel like
I've done exactly video like just people
watching this probably know about my
life more than you this more than me
yeah scary parts like the baby things
we're doing to do that works is we're
all right up all right crew grind we're
good no idea just let it for skit what
happens because it makes the box like a
height you'd actually want yeah
I was like way more fun than I thought
it right he has fun simple tricks but
with two skateboards oh yeah
double the fun foot was was like this
close to the ground so I'm gonna I'm
gonna smooth it up I bet you'll do it
first right
well kept it up and I even called that I
said you'd do it again next try it's
still I got the front foot like just not
wanna stay on the board
even land the war Bobby just wait for
the five oh gosh I don't know how he
would do
we did a back tail exhale that's insane
or insane do you need this boot
Oh
what was wrong with that yeah Lucas look
at him a Google on him a bad decision it
was you that was me how's about what I
was about to say it was me I'm sorry
you've got this when you landed I'm
gonna go to your Wikipedia page and edit
it too good decision though okay yeah I
know you're psyched I'm gonna try it a
trick then I'll probably get hurt all
right be careful why would you make your
energy drink full throttle yeah a bunch
of old people out of business table
they're all yellow stay with that yeah
why not gas pedal I don't know why not
gas pump full throttle let's do that
that's it
even feel like I was gonna land that one
oh yeah he did that like effortlessly oh
it was not it wasn't even the dangerous
part of the really yeah did the drip the
diamond ever get the death skateboard
yeah this this sort of the senior high
storage skateboard of dick he's gonna
work I don't know dude let's just try it
we should adopt you try it Borges like
this we have is terrifying
trust that board I don't know let's just
try
dang-son
that's like exactly what I thought was
going to happen when I started you moves
around oh yeah I'd be inside it right
now already inside of me that's weird I
was kidding me what you do you do that I
would try alright
- this is insanity
I got this new thing when I just shake
my hand wildly other better thing that
would've been I'm glad you're here Casey
now it's about to die what are you
watching when you're a kid and your
mom's scared of you going out and doing
things this is what you should be afraid
of you got exactly what you should be
afraid
yeah I'm sorry but that was good yeah
I'm gonna keep going with this video for
a second but this guy has a whole video
of him doing really creative things on
like the box with the board so this
channel is floating above my head and in
the info somewhere up there nothing it's
up here there was gone darn I have to
handle some business stuff and then I'm
actually gonna try a hand boarding trick
going I never hand board and I think I
suck at it
and I'm trying to remind myself with I
suck at it okay thank you so much for
this we need to revive and that hand
boards bag listen where are we doing
this Brian in here sure yet in the video
you just filmed yes and Mel how to tease
this hey Jesus
it's 2017 which is completely wrong
oh yeah it's a new year yes sorry I
reload to be in the new year
we're a lot of in the telling them it's
2018 but okay Oh big plans are happening
right here good some new content from a
lot of people is gonna be happening I'm
excited I know you're stressed but you
are excited deep down in your heart my
partner for good is January hey could I
use this fuego box it's a good hand
morning box hey is this sure but I'm
gonna try to do a kick foot back tail
ultimately are you good at it can't go
back tail or boarding you know yeah I'm
not either in I keep it all with this
thing
think that was it that was it
all right let's do this back tail
alright let's do a regular back tail
first Oh kinda Bach moves
she's gonna send this thing flying
across the room backlit I think that was
it
oh my gosh hope that is in slow-mo I did
it I'm trying the kickflip if I do this
I'll do this right away okay I feel so
flappy oh they'll just say they're a
bunch I feel like I could do any other
trick I would have been a meeting with
winner - wait he's here
it didn't really cry that was a really
good kill of five oh and I actually
started trying that - like I was
legitimately going for that one which is
way easier than a back tail
so there's my trick I really don't want
to make another hand boarding video
maybe I should practice I do
fingerboarding with riding and but I
generally like finger burning I grew up
fingerboarding so it feels good hand
boarding I just feel like I kind of feel
like a like a walrus just about the
flappers you know I don't know but then
there's a few like Sam Taber who's like
just the best in the whole world at it
and they make it look good that's it I
am calling it quits here at the
warehouse I'm gonna go home and to go
into family mode so I hope you guys
liked this little warehouse video this
weekend as you're watching this I'm
going to California with the family so
that'll be fun but I'm also staying
through some skateboarding videos so in
one week you will see some hopefully
some Street footage I do have some work
to do out there but you'll you're gonna
see some LA videos so tune in I do
videos here all the time so if you want
to see more videos for me to just hit
the subscribe button right down below
and your son and Seymour that is it I
hope you guys have a great day if you
couldn't skateboard go out there and
skateboard that is it
your grandma won't ever read this it's
an old one but uh still true unless you
show it to her then she'll read it
he leaned toward me a little bit like
just press your toes down
