youtube what is up guys so it is
giveaway time it's been a little while
since I've done a standard giveaway
video and I'm doing it right now right
here but first i gotta say that i forgot
i was like it off a week in announcing
the winner for the batman time lapse
board what's my hair freaking doing gosh
ah yeah but up a week I for whatever
reason my schedule I like announced I
did this wrong a week late on the Batman
time-lapse video I'm sorry I did want to
say that the winner was feats Fe ATZ
check your DM inbox here on YouTube I
direct message you and congratulations
I'll definitely be doing more of those
in the future so hang in there but you
have a chance to win something right
here right now I'm giving away this
right here this is a tiny bluetooth
speaker but the noise that it creates is
not tiny at all it is a very very cool
double boom box connects to your
smartphone and you can play your music
very easily and very loudly like we use
it all the time and shred quarters while
we're putting together boxes and stuff
and packages to go out and this is
actually alex is own one I didn't want
to open up the box I have the one of the
prizes right here i'm giving away three
of these but so i just wanted to show
you how cool it sleek it is we got the
little touch buttons on the top you can
see those really really really awesome
it's by tanker tech i am super psyched
to be working with these guys because it
just products i actually believe in is
trying to do anything on my channel that
i don't actually support and i fully
support what anchor does the products
are amazing and right now i'm gonna give
you guys a chance to win your own little
boom box for your skate sessions or
whatever you want to use it for just
hanging out in your room it's a really
cool device now how you're going to
enter is you're going to go on twitter
I've been doing a lot of YouTube
giveaways lately as in Instagram so
we're going to move this one a Twitter
and you're going to follow anchor tech I
think it's just anchor official whatever
is on the screen right here follow them
and then you're gonna tweet at anchor
official and me and you're just going to
say I want that boom box okay that's how
you do it as simple as that if you don't
have a twitter you know try to find
somebody who does it shouldn't be that
hard to find someone like a family
member that has twitter but yeah so it's
pretty simple just follow anchor and
tweet at them and me I want that boom
box and you're entered to win don't spam
us just one per person please and good
luck to everybody if you're younger than
18 make sure your parents are you're
entering this but you can win
anywhere in the world and i will ship
these to you as long as you have an
address and I don't know if I'd said
this in my thing of the rocks but I will
be picking three winners in one week
okay i will post this on hopefully not
suck at announcing the winners but three
of you guys are winning these and i'll
announce it probably on twitter in one
week and I'll contact you guys on
Twitter and that's that's the news haha
go back to the rocks now and I do have
some more giveaways so hang on tight I
might do one next week I might do one in
two weeks I don't know but I will
because I got like at least two more
giveaways and probably some more anchor
stuff in the future so just hang in
there and good luck to everybody I'm
gonna feature some John Hill footage the
guy this gates so amazing every single
day I call them up another John sent me
some clips and this is it so if you
follow this channel you've seen these
but have you haven't enjoy what is John
Hill skateboarding and I'm gonna go guys
peace
there's a pond over there and there is
where here's a rock it's not the best
skipping rock but you know what this
one's better i'm gonna use this one but
there's a gap look this is extreme stone
skipping I'm going to clear the gap and
hopefully skip it totally did not skip
try it with the og come on come on boom
yes
