YouTube what is up guys today i am doing
a list video I'm giving you 5 tricks
that I think are considered dirty skate
tricks when you're playing game of skate
with a friend I think all things should
go I think it should be fun and whatever
you throw out but like when you play a
game with someone you don't necessarily
know or it's an official game of scale I
gotta use on a channel or like in a
contest there are some tricks that you
probably shouldn't do where you're gonna
get weird looks or people going to talk
trash about you but and you might not
agree with me on these you might think
these are super normal tricks you might
completely agree with me on these I
don't know either way here's my list of
5 dirty skate tricks number one sex
change or body varial tricks okay a sex
change your body varial whatever you
call it is when you switch stances in
midair during a trick or you know
basically just 1/8 of your body as your
board does some sort of flat ground
trick ok when you start skateboarding
you pretty much realized that a kickflip
sex change is pretty easy to do once
you've been skating for a while you kind
of back off these tricks nobody really
does them so when someone doesn't in a
game of skate you're like what and you
can get pretty intense okay sure
kickflip sex changes are weird enough
and then when you start doing fakie flip
sex changes heel flip sex changes it I
even learned a fakie varial flip sex
change the other day and it's a super
weird trick ok like if you do that
during game and skate 1 they're gonna be
like really you're gonna do that at me
but they're probably not going to land
it if not a lot of people practice these
tricks as they continue skateboarding so
if you throw that here you're gonna get
a look like wow really you're gonna do
that and you'll probably get a letter on
so there you go dirty trick number 1
all right this next one may seem very
weird to you and you may disagree but I
think pop shove-its are one of the
dirtier tricks you can do in a skate if
you're learning how to skate if you
don't have a big bag of tricks
absolutely I think pop shuvit makes
sense but when you have a big bag of
tricks and you're playing someone that
also has a big bag of tricks and you do
a pop shuvit it's kind of like saying
hey go back to when you couldn't
skateboard and do a pop shuvit it's so
simple of a trick and it's the easiest
skateboard trick to learn when you're
starting but you can do a bunch of other
tricks you're like wait am I gonna miss
a pop shuvit you start thinking and
overthinking it and you know you get
nervous most of the times I do land it
but at the beginning of a game of skate
it is one of the more intimidating
tricks for me to do it just it gets in
their head you're saying I don't know if
you're good enough to land a pop shuvit
and it's kind of dirty in my mind it's
like doing 180s okay hi that you can get
into a certain point when you get
backside flip you don't do a back 180
you do a backside flip in a game escape
so I'm doing it I'm putting pop shuvit
as the second on my list of five dirty
skate tricks
number three I'm gonna go with rap
tricks tricks that I have the board
rapping in some fashion on your foot
whether that be a Casper flip or if
you're one of those do like call that a
hospital flip or a nollie impossible or
front foot impossible I mean the list
goes on
the average skateboarder is probably not
that good these tricks and it's kind of
when you do these you're like oh wait
you're assuming I'm like you okay you're
just gonna do that because the average
skateboarder learns the basic stuff but
not everyone learns how to ollie
impossible okay cuz it's a weird trick
also it's a vague trick anything that
could be like you could put issue at the
end of it like was that dolly impossible
like it was three shove ish we're all
impossible ish it's like there's kind of
a thing where it's like opinion you know
it's not like a very definite trick so I
tend to not do these in games of skate
unless I know the other person does
these tricks as well but absolutely
Casper flips alley Impossibles like any
of that stuff
fakie Casper flips it gets a little
dirty guys it gets dirty you might get
some weird looks if you just throw that
on somebody to gave a skate that you
haven't played before
fourth trick of dirty skate tricks is no
complies typically they're in visual
games there are rules for this to not be
able to him but since I can't do them
I'm gonna bring this guy in walk into
the frame hmm
this guy's good at him he's gonna be the
one demonstrating him but would you ever
do an okapi on a game of skate against
me now you'd like question no I'm punch
myself because I suck at another punch I
don't think I've ever done no compliance
aims no in fact he usually plays no
comply game of skates if you actually do
it right yeah yeah you're gonna do no
complies just no but you're definitely
gonna get a look if you do an okapi on
somebody that doesn't do no complies but
and in a typical game of skate like an
official game of skate no they might
actually give you the boon but get out
of here but that foot stuff okay guys
that are like an entirely different
trick okay you typically don't see
people casually throwing them in normal
games of skate and some people feel
super passionate about and some people
don't like them at all it's just one of
those tricks okay so beware okay if
you're here to a no-good blind games
game what it's like my family's so just
think about what you're doing before you
do an okapi because a lot of people will
think it's a dirty
no one would ever do that for any reason
I don't even know why I did it I don't
think you did do it I don't and finally
for the fifth dirty skate trick I'm
gonna go with fakie varial flips I do
not agree with this I think that's a
very standard basic trick but when you
do this one people really aren't good in
the Vario flip has this sort of history
with it that's like oh yeah varial flip
you're gonna do that it's like a dirty
skate trick I absolutely think varial
flip is a basic flip trick that is
completely okay in a game of skate but
if you do a varial flip one it usually
gets people and they hate it too if you
do it fakie
it's just a whole new world because it's
just one of those tricks that no one
thinks to do there are gonna be tons of
people that can actually do it out there
but from my experience when I do that on
a game of skate something with somebody
they're kind of confused and they're
like oh wow and they miss it because
it's just a trick they haven't done in a
long time or something so so as weird as
that sounds you may disagree because I
disagree I think it's a basic trick a
lot of people will look down on you do a
varial flip or a fakie varial flip
specifically and it gave a skate but you
know what they should know how to vary
on flip okay just because you can three
flip doesn't mean you should forget your
very own flips so there you go
that is the fifth dirty skate trick
so there you guys go that was my five
dirty skate tricks so if you guys want
to go make some enemies or beat me into
some friends enjoy and come up with your
own just you know don't take skating too
seriously is probably the best advice I
can get from watching this video just
have fun with it that's the important
part it's just have fun with
skateboarding that's how why we do it
right but I do daily videos here
everyday hit the subscribe button if you
want see more from me
that is hit sabor can I threw the camera
you can catch it let's do it
I really hate Andy not nice
hey is that Brian skateboard that would
be it alright let's hide this yep it's
gonna take up a second right execute
that very well yeah first try what can't
you find your skateboard hands red light
bolts has red light bolts
