okay a day in life 42 I think it is
what's up this is a normal day in my
life it's been a little while I think
the last one I did was in Hawaii but I'm
doing this and there's a lot of fun
things and I forgot oh my gosh I forgot
what I'm doing to Briony hold on
I got these for Bryan Ames fire bytes
dark chocolate covered candied jalapenos
we're gonna try those see how horrible
they are if I do everything I have lined
up for today it's gonna be a really fun
day
if not I'll complain about it to you
guys but either way I'm gonna enjoy it
so first thing is first coffee shop and
then the warehouse so let's go do this
okay so I recently switched up Wow
sliding is harsh I recently switched up
to a bagel and cream cheese they just
give me the cream cheese which I'm fine
with because I can control how much I
put on but I have to pull over like an
idiot and put my cream cheese on so if
someone like Leo what's this guy doing
in this car like always put naturally
putting on cream cheese on a bagel
that's what I'm doing right now so I can
eat it on the way to work which I prefer
to do bagel freakin bagel good
hi guys does you just want to see a
camera in your face right now oh I am
all right I'm going right into signing
packing slips and then I have to go take
my tax write-offs to my accountant
immediately an interesting morning but
it'll be alright dude I got your offer I
names these candied jalapenos you've had
them quickly handy right no I haven't
had them and so now he's taking it back
Alex Escobar one time punched a racy
pc's Joel FRU you're awesome you're
awesome yeah you're awesome
banana whoa no no no Catherine Jones
Brian did you see your song in the
world's ones is it I'm not some song to
do her good
that's your song Paul Monaghan oh you
have a great animal right now okay so
I'm done filling out packing slips these
guys are gonna keep putting the other
packages whatnot if you guys don't know
what I do I run revised skateboards and
force wheels with my buddy Brian Eames
these wonderful people do it with us
about to talk to Brian Eames about
something we're doing later today and he
has this ons door do your best to leave
me alone this morning so I'm not gonna
talk to Brian Eames we're going to do a
drone video it's finally nice outside so
we can test out our drone in the
outdoors I need to charge these
batteries and hopefully I can do it
right this is kind of weird you plug it
into like three different things look
super easy
foolish from the stuff so like I said
I'm taking my tax documents up to my
accountants I should have done this
weeks ago but uh this is the last thing
I need to do for my taxes I think this
is good to get out of the way but then
I'm just going back to the warehouse and
working from there for a little bit
let's do this real fast I get to give
them this massive stack of papers
mission successful back to Shriekers
I'm back that's right course there's
Brian Eames all right and we have to
talk
don't we all right Carolyn yes we do I
miss the handle yeah the handle opens
the door we need to talk about these Oh
sounds terrible
yeah we're gonna eat it right now oh
dude why but you just get take a bite
sounds horror oh my gosh
won't you build a boat and cry about it
you know first Leaguers it's a little
buddy
final thing yeah get it old thing it's
this big Brian is it hot it's actually
pretty good
it's very good not hot at all
there's not one hot a little bit of
building heat so up there oh
oh yeah and Rodan but nothing to die
like I don't even care to like go make
everyone else do this because it's not
weird enough place for swallowing kind
of build a better girl that's all these
in Gatlinburg and I was like if Brian
Eames were ever never chocolate to be
jalapeno chocolate I think 15 decks mate
yum gums all right so it's almost a long
time I'm gonna try to straighten up my
desk and whatever all this craziness
that I got going on right before I eat
and then I've got some stuff to knock
out but then we are eventually gonna go
to the skate park to come a drone video
today like I mentioned so it'll be fun
it is soup time I love this soup so much
so I'm gonna heat this and watch arrow I
just moved on the season to season 1 was
awesome and I know my password here's
soup have some bacon get out of here
here how do you take my trash out so I
made a little list of things I gotta do
we're leaving in like an hour and I got
a lot of stuff I need to try and get
done probably will get all the done but
I'm gonna try to rock this we need to
schedule a service appointment for my
GOI
okay funny enough I just put a setup
video online like two days ago and that
was actually like a week and a half ago
so I've skated it for a while but I gave
the deck to Alex for a mini green so
I've already have a new board that's a
nice-looking one sampler you made this
you good either good drunk yeah as like
a skate spot on it that I grew I grew up
skating so it's pretty cool and it's red
so I'm very psyche skated but let's get
this stuff and go okay here you go you
want to grab the Zelda treasure chest
really it is kind of windy today this is
probably going to go do not hit me car
keys
you see if use like halfway in this lane
this might not go that well on the drone
side of things but John Hills meeting us
there and it'll be it'll be fun in some
fashion I mean no job to you didn't have
to come home it makes it easier to I can
get tricks probable and so i fist-fought
a tree never network well oh Beechmont
park
are you ready crashing drove puffle
enough pretty sure it's windier here
John Kelly
all right landed okay and now I mess
around with that after messing around
with it we decided not to do the drone
video because it's really windy and we
don't there's other people at the park
we don't want to like acts on land the
drone on somebody so we're just going to
get some day in the life lifts skate
around here for a second and then we're
gonna head back to shred quarters here's
the infamous Timmy from Arkansas
what are you doing gardening what do you
mean what's the point of gardening Wow
do you want to skate this well we made a
slappy curb and it's really fun but your
wheels it's not pretty good so we're
just digging out so you can do like tail
slides and stuff on that's really smart
yeah your legs dirty won't clean that
but you can even see me you are dirty
I'm definitely if not you Erica what do
you want to do chuckling I'm not sure
maybe just a ledge
that one well done are you coming back
to the whales I might are you guys gonna
be seeing a little bit now I'm gonna go
first be golfing but this way is trying
to ruin it all right thanks for doing
the trick I think well that was one of
the most difficult times I've ever had
skating at this park is my local park
the wind made everything difficult I was
awful but at least you got to skate
outside that's cool - John showing us
ricci cups tomorrow is not melted and
why's the carnet started it's like
100,000 degrees in here
John's actually talking about straight
quarters but I am supposed to go in
frisbee golfing with Ryan chambers what
is really windy so it might be the worst
idea ever wrestled a starfish hey John
hey dude hey did you see your face on
the computer yeah I was terrible I like
it personally
you could I put you should I put on my
youtube-channel is it okay here's the
new back ground to the computer david
chilly you killed it all right so I'm
basically just turning around leaving
and going to play frisbee off with Ryan
chambers we do this usually like once or
twice a week it's just nice to get
outside and this is the first time this
year it's gonna be windy and horrible
but this can be so awesome just relax
for a little bit in place of frisbee
golf but first John Hill is gonna do a
trick first try
Wow I've never seen you do a double flip
either I mean I usually dare them yeah
usually you just learned everything yeah
I just learned like good or off style
yes well you did it good thank you and
bye and bye thank you bye - here have
fun oh wait goodbye huh okay back off to
the park I'm meeting Ryan chambers there
let us go
there's around chambers we're here and
it's like it's kind of awkward like it's
like it might be too chilly for shorts
might be like a little chilly but I'm
gonna do it anyway I'm gonna awkwardly
change into shorts in this car and I'm
not gonna film it all right
no awkward shorts are happening but I
try to relax I'm not gonna film too much
definite taking this camera I'll film
some cell phone clips I 2016 begins
right now yep just as stupid as mine
yeah a frisbee golf 2016
I can do that Oh
how was it it's better girl left
oh my gosh
okay that was the hardest game of
frisbee golf ever cuz the wind but it
was it was fun it's good to be outside
again geez now I have a little bit of
time before my wife and my little guy
gets home and there's this toy store
that I've been trying to get riding to
go to but it's always closed door closes
before he gets home and I finally was
just like ridin I am going to go get you
a toy for surprise you because we were
supposed to take him there for his
birthday this year
like on his actual birthday to get him
like a birthday gift and it was closed
it was they were like renovating so he's
getting a very late birthday gift today
and I'm gonna go there and find
something he's been really to
Ghostbusters lately they have like old
toys so hopefully I can find a cool
Ghostbusters joy
all right so I'm here this place
specializes in 90s toys basically the
stuff that I grew up with but it just
what happens riding his awesome tastes
when it comes to toys I'll get some cell
phone clips so you can see what it's
like it's a really small place with a
bunch of stuff so it's pretty crazy
looking I'll show you what it's like
let's go
Ryden has been super into ghostbusters
and i was able to get Slimer can you see
this Slimer and rey with a proton pack
it's in this bubble wrap I'll show you
when I get home but pretty excited
riding is going to be one happy little
dude all right so I'm home um curious
look look at that that is slimy right
there there's Ray
if you guys don't know who that is
please go back and watch Ghostbusters 1
& 2 right now such a good set of movies
and the cartoon Rock two grown-ups
they're about to be home I'm going to
try to straighten up this place as much
as I can before they get here so fingers
crossed I'm probably not gonna be able
to do too much but this place is a mess
and I got to clean up I'm doing a lot
better I'm getting a lot more done than
I thought
is he asleep oh I have a surprise for
him too I've meant to get you flowers
because I know you're having a bad day
but I just like ran from thing to thing
thing I don't have any bonus time I did
clean just straighten up around here and
within like five minutes ready to wake
up buddy
and have a night hi do you want you do
want to get tickled right now you do ah
mom is cooking dinner this is
who is that didn't hear that is where it
is ray here you go
look alright be very careful with this
this is old but look at it it zaps the
ghost I think I might have one right
here Slimer there you go happy birthday
finally right you're welcome buddy we're
so we have a little bit before dinner is
uh is happening and we were like hey
it's light outside because it's spring
and with boar playoff time there you go
first hit wow that's pretty good I'll
throw it up and you've got about it ooh
when you swing swing this way okay whoa
whoa this are you ready oh that was
closed there you go that was good me
five that was really good okay so riding
wanted to do his his trick that he did
last year is all his skate stuff isn't
shred quarter so we have a mini board
and then we have his bicycle helmet
woohoo that was good that was good that
was almost it but there you go Game five
that's my dude victory baseball swing
but well that was left-handed do what
you do have a stick come on let's go hey
you let me hold the bat then
I'm so hungry that the empty plates look
good oh okay that's all right after
dinner I have an aunt I have a meeting
actually at 8 o'clock it's with somebody
in Australia that's why it's late at
night I don't even know where the drinks
are my house I'm just like opening up
random things uh I can't talk about it
just yet but some cool things may be
happening I'm sorry I saying that all
the time these videos would you like
water babe okay ooh mom rocked it didn't
you buddy
thank you so dinner was delicious
my wife rocked it as she always does but
now I have that meeting that I was
talking about and the phone call was
coming at all though hi I'm all here a
new run okay so something was weird with
merging calls with Australian it didn't
work so Brian took this meeting by
himself but it's not like it's not super
important like only one of us can handle
it just fine we just try to do things as
1/10 as a team so rock on I'm just gonna
go close writing do that for the rest of
the night and then when he goes to bed
I'm pretty much just gonna edit videos
and get work done let's give this my do
every night hey cabinets why don't you
close plan with Lincoln Logs sir
hello rebuilding I'm a bearded I'm will
build in the um good posture paddle hi
this is a ghost busters town what is
this it doesn't piss as a ghost it's
mommy's got here you go mommy Thanks
are you getting up bad my gosh my choice
you have
yeah and that Mommy I got it up let me
see
hey you glued the storm River yeah
watering hole okay that concludes this
day in life right in it was a fun night
wasn't it we had to play outside and get
to play some firehouse action what the
Lincoln Logs mom built the firehouse do
you anything you want to say before we
go bye-bye date didn't you lighten up
we've given Mellie and Jason wha Jason
Park what okay buddy give me five you
missed one more time now you're not
getting to do it again either ha ha ha
ha I love you I love you
get him zap him I'm back
cuz I'm Solana I'm back again I'm
getting mad I'm out I'm in I'm out I
mean Oh a pizza yeah
