oh my gosh it's Christian okay I'm okay
okay I guess he is them except that was
a super hard slam and I feel like he was
just trying to play cool and he did I
guess he successfully played it cool but
inside I feel like there might have been
a parade of pain going on on his back
because he straight-up just got street
fighter into that wall point exactly
right you freaking showed him how to do
it what no I didn't show him out dude he
did it to him he did it he freakin
Christian Christian it kind of sucks too
because when you're skating this ledge
you know it's dangerous you're like
alright okay worst-case scenario I'm
gonna fly backwards into the wall and
then Christian did that he was the worst
case scenario of that equation alright
math class is out because Christian just
landed it mat class he landed math class
or he failed it I don't know which one
but he did something either amazing or
horrible and it kind of sucks has
happened to Chris because Chris is just
like the nicest dude in the world you
just he's one of the guys I cried to
pick a friend and I was like I don't
want them to fly backwards into a wall
Christian that was the guy everyone else
I'm sorry you're in for it but Christian
I don't want that to happen to you and
it did and it's his fault
it is absolutely Chris fault because
you're trying a back tail around a
u-turn curb or ledge or whatever it was
needs a I mean he did do it and I'll
show you that eventually but my gosh
that is terrifying that's like the
scariest trick and despite Chris saying
it was okay it was not okay okay look at
this still frame his leg is way higher
above his body than it ever needs to be
and this is look at the face look at
that face it's not a happy one I could
even recreate that face Andy showed me a
face where you're flying backwards and
you slam into a concrete wall
I couldn't even recreate it guy I'd like
now try B it but Christian makes it
believable he's a better he doesn't have
to act because it happened to him when I
was sitting down to film this video I
realized that I've never actually seen
Christian slam like that which makes it
more disturbing and I can have the nice
guys thing like Chris is just a genuine
nice dude I don't want him to fall and I
was like oh wait he doesn't fall at all
even the fall Friday then he was in
before this it was just like a scary
moment
didn't even like get hurt and that I
should tell you how good Christian is at
skateboarding one of those talented use
of witness skateboard in real life he's
very very good and it's weird to see him
fall of course when he does he does it
like a freaking wrestling move he got
freaking WCW versus NWO into that wall
curses of course okay he got up and kept
skating it was would be a weird thing to
shake because after that fall I would be
super weirded out and I really like
green screening falls I'm let's see if I
can do some more creative green screen
attacks on Chris to make this fall
happen sorry Christian I just beat you
up via video game but I will show you
some clips I was show you the back tail
that he actually landed to regular and
fakie and I'll throw some clips of that
film of Chris in the past so enjoy this
Christian is amazing to watch on a
skateboard
so their guys go I hope you enjoyed the
skateboarding and the me ranting about
Chris's fall if you want to see more
from Chris click the link right down
there chris is an awesome dude and he
like I said he normally doesn't a fault
was usually a landing amazing tricks he
has really good content here on YouTube
you probably already know him but if you
don't go enjoy his channel it's really
really good that is it
hope you guys dug this this is fall
Friday I try to do this every other week
but sometimes I skip a few weeks so I
don't have a fall but I'll be back
regardless and I do daily videos so if
you want to see more from me click the
top link or wherever Nathalie there's
click wherever it is on the screen it
says subscribe
either way I am done I'm gonna put Ryan
chambers in the hot seat this is it been
a while for you be in the hot seat or
read the last few runs last one for you
it's been a while that there's been a
hot scene so sit down oh hi Ryan
chambers hi how are you doing good how
are you I'm doing good thank you
right mr. face is right next to you okay
it is midnight and a craving for food
hits what's the first food do you go to
mustard covered sardines
mustard covered sardines that's fry
names he would love that probably
probably
