how's your coffee it's coffee it is a
board what is this what is this video
setup seasonal setup it is the spring we
got new product out and I'm gonna put a
brand new everything new complete
skateboard together and brine Ames gonna
film it because what do you look at it
Australia almost I was judging your
completeness of your complete let's not
put together if that's what you said oh
my god the camera okay so to start out
we have the 8 inch revive deck this is
the new Duncan tells t-rex deck I put
this together for my for a randoms from
LA it was la it was a Naga ye and not
Hawaii I went to yeah went to LA and
this is my backup more button and I'm
using it my other board palette just
finds so now now easy put this complete
oh my got the am grip hashtag grip tape
with a little revive sticker back there
and here's my super lazy sticker setup
that I got going on revive hardware it's
got the two red bolts at the top right
and get that
so trucks I got some shipments getting
these little skinny's a lot these are
some pack Duffy's got the blue base
plate which it will kinda feel good with
the blue accents on this board parents
I'm excited to try these these are the
ceramic Juju's what we have the other
juniors I've never skated them though
that's the important part I'm pretty
excited to skate these because a lot of
my friends ride through this company and
we've got a presentation just look at it
you see it
I do you see that I see it all right
here's a little unveiling unveiling
whatever here's my dear encounters new
pro model from I forget what the Senate
even though the series it's called
either way it's like a fire design and
I'll open this up and show to you what
I'm actually putting the board together
but that's it
or together and then they'll be used to
skate footage oh yeah this we got this
to it I'm gonna skate the new gray swiss
which is kind of good because i've been
skating black shooters for a little
while now it's good to change it up a
little lighter and swift's like the
greatest skate shoe that's ever existed
so let's put this together even though
you could be allergic to dart boards
news to me that's what I told them we
were fighting and I didn't care I just
picked up the hitchhiker like you're not
gonna treat me like that and that's fine
knock on the door once that's cool
second you might get punched
hurry woke me up when I was sleeping I
try to punch you know I did I'm not
watching - etosha it was slimy how gross
is that so keep the waffles I don't care
man and she left which was fine with me
because I was done with relationship
nope never mind there's a plastic thing
I don't hold that's pretty cool I just
couldn't have a pet at the time what do
you got we got four squeals Arin Cairo
we don't even know what the series is
called but this is it looks fiery
everyone says that to lead brah this is
this is lit this is literally this is
literally fire who made it JP Cooper
made this JP cuber made it it's awesome
he was jazz salesmen then I would not
use the word jazz very often but he was
chaste I don't care about your stupid
teddy bear you know I was like the
fourth time I had to say it it's like
this isn't puberty just buy a new
backpack I just really didn't have the
heart to tell him it's like dude your
dog sucks
this is done are you ready yes do the
cable test you should haven't skated in
a week and half as I've been on a family
vacation
my first kickflip in a week and a half
actually more than that cuz I'll SiC
stretch super one clip fail here
Grover that time that you said you were
gonna skate this new shoe and you're
wearing the shoe that you're about to
skate does that happen
congratulations putting on the cut shoes
second second try on my Cape float which
this is I'm gonna land it you know how
that's gonna work but this feels way
less comfortable because this new shoes
compared to ones I'm under so I just
suck I'm an Elena capable toe you should
congratulations your skateboard
so that was it that was a little box
session with John and I love the feel
this board the shoes feel great you know
it's kind of the same stuff I've been
skating so it's not gonna be too weird
but yeah I can't wait to actually get
this outside now that it's getting
warmer and film for my video part on it
so uh thank you guys for watching I'll
be back every day cuz I do videos every
single day if you want this gear you can
get it at the strikers comm is the link
right down there but that is it guys
thank you guys for watching you rule and
I will see you tomorrow
John yeah I would like to thank your
tripod for filming Thank You guy your
tripods a great thing he's done so many
things for me I didn't even mean to film
those tricks and I did you killed it you
feel good yeah your tripod filmed it got
what you try to do with your hand
