house Wednesday
hey bright this is the funnest thing in
the world what's up Casey alright hey
Casey
oh look as he got that debt are we
living warm-up this week yeah you can
warm up but you got to warm up with a
prank call to Taco Bell what what that's
where you got to warm up with me awesome
let's give me a base week you're gonna
have the chance to win this $25 gift
through that dog this tells left here
get Ron the engine off again here you
turn the key okay ahh to do to do to
learn this car we're gonna 10 minutes do
get 11 points to get these 11 points to
get these 11 points you have to do
stretching your skateboard we're gonna
tell you these tricky here the choice
either do them on the mini board okay
captain hook I'll take it from here all
right
we're going to give you some challenges
to land tricks when you have that when
you hear this trick you have the option
of landing this on a mini board or a
cruiser deck okay now so you won't even
need to add another an almost it's a
beautiful skateboard you're not getting
it hey if you get if you lands a trick
on a mini board you get two points if
you land on a cruise your board you at
one point you have 10 minutes and you
have to get 11 points to win this
luscious pizza okay it's actually Doug's
meat so Doug we owe you a gift card for
pizza because we're giving it to Casey
maybe I I'm not able to I'll try
how do you know it might be kickflip can
you do a kickflip two points that'd be
good all right Brian hi
are you eating fish tonight no okay oh
hi Ryan hi yeah you got a prank I'll
talk about a warm-up what why you kick
it back I have no idea
does he have to have a special license
for that yeah at the motorcycle license
I go over copped a lot Mauresmo W the
best warehouse Wednesday ever
oh you Park you poor you parking
you realize the dumbest prank haul ever
it's gonna be amazing
you used to have some pretty good prank
calls back in the day yeah I used to
prank call Taco Bell every day for about
10 years
let's get down to business though okay
ready all right do you have Tara bells
number um yeah did you press star six
seven no I want to say hey this is
Jeremy yeah yeah did you put in I was
just wondering if you put the schedule
up for today yeah yeah this is not the
right one I don't think you want a job
here right yeah all right well that was
it amazing now that we got that over
with all right where's the boards is
that the mini mini board grab that okay
and then is that that's the cruiser you
know it's got gum wheels so it's gonna
be tough all right
first trick flat ground big flip mini
green that's the only trick I can do on
a mini Creek where you get kickflip it I
can't but like when I'm like when
someone's like hey do a triple mini
green I go for big that's like one of
the hardest tricks on that I would never
I would never ever two points for this
one right yeah two points tandem and go
oh gosh that's all one go Jeremy have a
skateboard that was really smooth you
got eight minutes and 51 seconds left oh
he's probably tired right there we go
that's a trick
you're gonna utilize a toe touch pass
I'm like all right it's I got eight
minutes in ten seconds I'm gonna pause
it while we come up the next year give
two points you did terribly but you did
it so that it's simply a land but your
toe touch the crap out of that okay cool
drop in on the wall ride horrifying no
I've never done this I've always stood
up there and I've been so scared to do
it it is just a little scary but it's
not when you think about it those gel
wheels are gonna be kind of weird going
it's going now that was dumb that took
two seconds while you're at three points
I was hoping you go for the mini green
no no no no you're you know take that no
take-backs
five-o five-o in the box we caught it
that's way too grippy can you 5o the box
hit it oh wait going this is really
stupid
it took four seconds this is hard to
come up with tricks that I don't know
what's gonna be harder was to be easy
three flip fakie on the bank bank to
ledge thank ya I'm need mini green need
two points to do this is gonna be hard
I'll go to the odds of him landing this
quick hi
you think so
my hand go oh that was pretty good
pretty good
you got a pretty good app I in one hand
and a hammer and the other
dude you're really good at those yeah no
that toe touching anymore oh it's seven
and a half minutes this is stupid
yeah too well oh oh
Casey quickly turning into a sinking
ship
he's got six and a half minutes left
oh why are you laughing
these are six points yeah pause five
minutes and 37 things well he's got six
points nollie lipslide shove it out on
one of the rails that's not happening on
this it could I let slide shut for one
point
well yeah it's gonna get harder can you
do it nollie lipslide shove it I am yes
good job Atreyu Oh see this is where it
gets hard okay
I met my boyfriend well today you really
do hold it up Oh bear he's doing bad
just this is right foot who I was not
gonna do it this is an entertaining one
oh wow that was pretty solid yeah the
fact that you like surfed your way to
victory you have three minutes and 13
seconds left in seven points you need
four points big spin on the bank bigspin
yeah all right well I'm gonna cheat my
way to this yes I'm using goody green
I'm just gonna do a little cheap way go
this was way too easy but you just came
back from a hard one so it's okay oh
sorry it will be
does that is two minutes and 49 seconds
left
that was dumb we're going to make this
last one one he's got to be like you
want to go do you wanna go mean on him
we not want it I like you alright
kickflip into the bank from the top not
from the rafters from the woodwork fifty
seconds left what would you want to
split scape where do you want you I'm
fine with Megan I feel like the only way
I'll get 'ln you're going for the gold
here okay Oh slow and tap just tap it in
give it a little tapper over no going
down okay all right
you could do it at an angle he might be
completely eat it on this he might die
yeah he might die oh there it flipped it
did a forward to quadruple flip with a
flip yes the future wasn't looking
bright for Casey bechler he was about to
give Doug his pizza back oh you promise
oh oh wow this is terrifying channel
link channel channel link this is
channel Zelda oh gosh they don't know
the internet likes when do we do that oh
man you were going to the store y ou you
our 38 seconds 30 38 seconds to music
closer oh oh you're 15 seconds left of
the two more tries out two more tries
oh my gosh why what's that
does that mean good dead it means he's
dead died you're dead you try to go okay
it feels dumb well we have failure a
failure but at least you didn't have to
do any punishments Katie through you do
the three flip was very impressive
because that's another thing that thing
that thing that thing that thing all
right I'm gonna call bruises and tell
him you're not going be coming we're
looking forward to serving you
we'll be with you in Lebanon how many
people were in pizza at like 3 o'clock
so he said Brian we're glad you called
um actually I just wanted to this is
kinda like an anti order I wanted to say
that Casey will not be eating the roses
today because he didn't win the where
else Wednesday okay all right cool but
you have a good day okay everybody do
you think Casey just won the where else
Wednesday or not yes you do yeah well
you're gonna be one hungry guy tonight
do you understand how what it means I do
yeah
but this guy has a YouTube channel where
he uploads awesome videos so go down
there or at the end of this video and
and click on it you'll like what you see
oh my god that was so mean don't you
give go go go go go
