that was Lewis Mora and he is very very
good like you would never think that he
is a filmer uh I really want to care
about who has better the other person
anyway but I just had to point out that
man he's a filmer and he is just as
talented in front of a camera than he is
behind it and that is saying something
about both his skating and filming
because they are both terrific I
actually hung out with Lewis recently
and he is a super down-to-earth nice
dude I love this dude so if you want to
see more from him click the bottom link
more awesome footage of him and then
footage that he shoots himself a very
very talented friends that's right down
there at the bottom link I do daily
videos here myself to click the top link
for me but mainly check out weise and
that is it I will see you guys tomorrow
and that is it
you
