hey guys I'm here wait whoa what kind of
entrance was that I'm normal open the
door is the worst entrance that you
could have ever done how can I have done
that indifferently oh I will show you
exactly how to do it okay this is how
escape word properly enters a room I
didn't know how to do it wrong you could
you and you did
what's up guys I'm here how was that
cooler than my walking haole we need to
say anything
hey guys I'm here
got there buddy
you
day one Hawaii Bret what's your name
have a stick
you really do okay so yeah we're
starting out at the Rec Center which is
exactly what you'd think a rec center
would be if you're coming to skate a rec
center a parking lot with a bunch of
boxes which is fun recording studio
Andrew what's up yeah we got a good crew
remember that one time that you where
skate shoes but skate in different skate
shoes those ones yeah I can do this yeah
because you're oh you're flicking with
the good shoe I also don't really
scamper in like a real options you
definitely do not support like a real
person
Jason are you up for a challenge fun
knowing would it be if you you have one
try to land a dark slice so if you do it
I will buy you
I will buy you three boxes of any cereal
that you want if you lend the dark side
first track be sloppy as you wanted I'll
try Neil all right I'm always like a
seer it's like a thing with me the
giveaway serie where it is possible of
this we're going this way right here
alright for the cereal oh when you
landed it glasses filled out on my face
cereal dude cereal that's going to be a
part of this episode now let's be sloppy
and other tricks girl you just watching
many cars
you up
I know
you gotta do this
I love as a gift what you do it all away
sweet Jesus
times I will properly
Oh
Oh
where every great skateboarder there's
two guys with cell phones early behind
him
this is Swiss run hurricane do you like
licorice no we did it we did it how do
you feel about the rec center session
I feel United oh okay how do you feel
almost hitting the teeth your teeth suck
your body got some cereal I like cereal
are you ready okey balls every day that
is get us more surer than anything I
have ever said okay roll okay P okey
this is Star Wars well yeah I mean has
yo Donny should I get it to start with
the studio's just called Star Wars lucky
it doesn't say anything
why wouldn't be like Star Wars charms
really it's about feeling so much time
looking at this that I might as well
uh-oh is dude this is my favorite cereal
cuz it just shows without the cheer its
delicious no cheer then we go Reese's
huh dude also us all choice in every
spot there you go
okay good job on dark sledding thank you
thank you for the surreal yeah
it is the best basket you could have
this is the best everything in here is
the best every King goes but it's
something
I think it's all about that shirt that
shirt made you Lana all right yeah
hey guys remember my elbow is like this
Oh Missy
how'd that happen your elbow so big oh
how did that happen I fell remember that
one tiles on the ground is rough but you
wanna feel it any want to touch it
literally somebody wants to touch it
okay no grab it Hallman Pullman do it
good it's hard right there's a hard a
soft well now I want to touch it
oh my gosh I didn't hug her Pullman grab
your grab it getting your wrap it's
gonna pop it yeah you can pop your elbow
don't pop it pop it ha bed no so that's
what would have happened if we went to
Hawaii right there really want okay yeah
I do too but uh you know they races off
the chalkboard because it's not gonna
happen we didn't go there we're not
gonna go there but we are in LA so this
is what's gonna happen in LA that's a
big runner up yeah good runner up LA one
more traffic yeah either way let's go
skateboard cool okay here kisses doing
recursion see that's where we're gonna
we're done we're gonna get some green
benches I've been I need to put my seat
put off Brian I need to be safe follow
that be a safe boy yeah a bunch of green
ledges you've seen him in skate videos
it's gonna be a lot of fun be a lot of
people unfortunately and that's new for
California yeah it's always like that
but uh hopefully have a good time whoa
dude we got a ditch down there can't see
it
this is like I'll there's water in it so
we can't skate it all right we're here
here's a hole in defense conveniently
the other side is max Maybury Wow
all right I wasn't offer hug hug wasn't
that bad not just a little bit right
through Nigel Nigel we're not all dude
I've been telling ya bunch of BMXers
here I know I see that I mean a whole
bunch of smear dudes just showed up too
okay so we're just missing roller
bladers at this point that's all we're
missing does anyone know anybody let's
call them then we can film a rocket
power it really would be rocket power
what's up my daddy gene I'm actually
want to do of the first trick of the
session yeah that's nice to meet me very
cool you just think about that first oh
yeah the first way dude
oh brother man I'm John by the way I
feel like it's weird that you said it oh
brother man as you embraced him and he
didn't know your name you see someone
online on it's all right well he's
trying to do a trick come on
wow you were kidding just did I deserve
it
really take this so let's start the
montage
all right so I just film a trick for my
video part that was really good
I was sorry I was in the way but I hid
it so that's good just took me forever
and before we wrap the session up
there's like a bunch of people here now
like time off Christian showed up right
Novak is gonna do a trick just for you
guys me yeah you you said you we're
gonna do it I love your shirt look at
face okay oh go away seated later it is
day two here in LA and we're eating
breakfast burritos Paris don't hit the
dog bite combo that's a cute dog Samuel
Jackson plays Dungeons & Dragons
he might breakfast burrito meet my face
oh my gosh we're going to the casino
Monica courthouse West LA courthouse
what everyone to call it and we are
going behind we're gonna skateboard
Obama totally sells parachutes closing
the van I love surprises
look here's a town oh so sick ones the
only thing this was made like a year ago
I know and Bryan's been telling me yeah
I'm gonna show you the graphic for a
year yeah we'll get it to you any time I
think these are my favorite yeah there's
a river
yes oh my god
hey you should do at least one trick for
the Edit okay that's it you ever seen a
skate spawn this gross
no I haven't that is insane seduction
anosmia low stage which isn't anything
does things like that old time does
better tricks on this except he's gonna
do it through P problem
give the dollar get the shop around
and just in case you didn't believe we
were in LA here's proof are you jumping
down the stairs of maybe are you jumping
down the stairs hey John hey do you want
to wrap up this episode of we on revenge
yeah by stands there yeah but skating
with stairs that sounds like every
single time yeah every single we are
avenged how's the girl looks kind of
rough dude the write-ups actually
rougher see okay so this sucks
all right nice had me French s it
stabbed in the chest
well John got stabbed and quit doing a
switch heelflip you did two tricks and
you did a trick free video parts that's
awesome
one more let's do one more bonus tricks
you'd be the best trick of the whole
episode yeah are you ready yes let's go
we're doing the kickflip final answer
and we are done we already been 60 is
gone history passed
good bye guys good bye
you
thank you for filming that bonus angle
oh yeah no problem any yeah I appreciate
it
you take my hand hey young now okay now
yeah thank you sir
