1,700 videos guys that is a lot that is
more videos than days that you've been
alive well yeah so I'm gonna do what I
always do I'm gonna do a recap of the
last 100 videos on my channel I hope you
guys enjoy it thank you guys for
watching my videos it means a lot that
you guys want to in the first place and
I love making them I'm gonna keep making
them so here's to 100 more right and why
is that wet I like that feeling
that's from chewing oh wow okay here's a
recap
good job brother
yeah no can I get some hot sauce please
hahaha you did so good oh you want to do
it again so uh stay tuned for all that
information and as you've noticed
that was it yeah yeah right ready
 dick
are you the pantry I love you I'm gonna
show you again
kylo Ren is Darth Vader there's no way
kylo is an x-men hands-down the dumbest
thing I've heard today Mark Zuckerberg
ringabel scuzz kylo Ren it's not hard
enough
there we go okay go in Cambria ladies
gentlemen we'll see you next time
we're awesome edition go so big tick
doughnuts God dude it's gone forever
back and jump
Lake Ehlers says if you had to choose an
orange or banana to you right now what
would you choose orange clearly that's
no no contest Oh
it was your favorite Star Wars character
dude riding on what about Boba Fett No
ooh
hey guys what I'm going to end the video
so JP sent me a box that says Andy no
need for unboxing video says it right
there I'm an unboxing just because he's
JP said that are you ready this would be
the unboxing yeah I know I just said
that wow I just said that goofy don't it
again for no good another incident
uh-huh it is the SD card that I lent him
last time
and some Micro Machines for you so Star
Wars Micro Machines what do you gotta
say JP thank you baby
Thank You JP see we should unbox that
I've never listened to you ever again JP
at least when you talk to me via a box
in the mail egg and Johnny 11 heal I'm
Johnny love living in Cincinnati um oh I
real um Joe um Descon he's gonna show
them that card tell him John Hill I'm
not a link that's my like that that too
we're going to go before we give you two
more information they ever wanted so say
bye-bye what they open them
you
