yes you may have seen this video it is a
warehouse Wednesday I know it's Monday I
just wanted to get it back on to my
channel because it was incorrectly taken
off there's more information on this at
the end of the video and without further
ado enjoy them out there try to get them
go go go go
ditch which like the strongest water
bottle ever
what does it do its warehouse winds down
good paranoid oh we got a couple of
friends once more than the other but
ones older it was your birthday you're
18 years old is fantastic number wavers
when you come on trips you can like do
stuff on your own it's gonna be amazing
thing you know he asked me to come to
his birthday day and I couldn't because
of family time he didn't ask me to come
to your birthday what the heck well that
was to see how responsible he is it was
he thinks with his brain and I'm just
more fun than you to that's why you
asked me it's true
all right so warm up we're celebrating
your birthday you have something to do
five tricks to warm up you have to do
them in the sloppiest way you possibly
can we want to see egg friggin wheel
bite I don't care something bad do it
bad okay and then mr. challenge and this
is gonna be fun and then you're gonna
have to do fifteen tricks and fifteen
minutes I have no idea those tricks are
gonna be them and they're gonna be good
tricks because you're good and we over
we always we always underestimate him we
try to overestimate him we under I don't
even know what the words mean this
points tricks we always think you're
gonna come up with a challenge and you
just crush it this is your birthday time
okay it's time to you're a man I mean
yeah I'm a man I got it you gotta prove
it yeah okay so what happens so you're
gonna do up to fifteen tricks if you do
ten tricks and you're gonna get prize
number one or gift number one if you do
all fifteen church and get two gifts if
you don't if you do nine you know you
can get there then you have to eat a
bunch of cupcake space we have a bunch
of cupcakes you have to eat them all
what if I so want to eat the cupcakes
you can eat as many as you want if you
eat all the cupcakes at the end I will
give you an additional $50 it's like a
whole plate folded she's maybe alright
we're in my day if hey hey it was ruin
it ruin his day throw it up and hit the
trampoline
no you're terrible I'll finally a blow
it blowed up my foot is soaked dude they
are the best years ever but my foot is
soaked from kicking that this skate
shoes
yeah a skateboard on them president
number one if you get ten tricks you
wrapped yourself I did no you get this
box if you land the ten tricks you can't
attend don't open it
you get this box and that box this is
even a box this is a fashion thing you
get both of them if you live all right
you want to go for the extra 50 bucks
yeah at the end of this okay okay let's
just save you for now you think yes
that's the easiest thing ever
somebody is 50 bucks you don't tell your
birthday go home alright night warm-up
first trick this box that box backer
free smells pretty bad dude that was
really good
why are you holding up a small board why
am I not homeless breast overly slopping
yeah it's good
I call this video trying just suckas
skating yeah something like that yeah
we'll take it we'll take it need three
more tricks
either you scrape yeah very close is
that to the tower hard regular two more
tricks fourth trick
I'm saying redo too much of this was the
same sloppy yeah he's doing like dancing
video that was so solid really good I'd
be so happy if I could do that
that was good I like that
no yes yes one more that is what I'm
talking about
that is the trick we need it I like how
it's hard for you to be sketchy
perfectly sketchy dude I don't know if
we can do this mystery challenge I think
it's like really mean that's pretty good
you know you gotta do it then you gotta
say it yeah just sing happy birthday to
yourself
Justin what you just like kind of dance
in the background yeah we can all sing
it together all right but then we'll
wolfing sing the first two and then
we'll let him do the last two the lines
you know yeah there you go all right
this is gonna be the most awkward where
else Wednesday Moe whatever
happy birthday to me
happy birthday to me
well I kept going I was like so in the
singing sorry here we got one line
though oh yeah one line good job you're
a trouper we just made them sing happy
birthday
it's amazing to himself yeah it's
amazing yeah alright now that we're done
being embarrassed we're going
skateboarding ten ten or fifteen tricks
they have to be honorable so you got to
get a thumbs-up from this guy fifteen do
you got your self-cleaning oven
I do get it I really want to hit that
your hands but I don't want to unveil
the present I was gonna lie and say it's
not in there but it would be in the need
soon I know where's he going
I think it's done is that where you want
to start soon as you go Brian Angela
started
he says no you're good I gotta go harder
if he if he gets disabled have you get
hurts okay like I was saying if he gets
hurt because of you does he still have
to eat them to put cupcakes that was
super good Victor's you want to keep
going on this or you want to um yeah
okay from this bow he's going to go over
the bank
what do you say - what a time
does he keep going oh my gosh switch
that was switch what time are we at
pause 14 minutes and nine three tricks
we should have made him do 40 tricks
where are you next all right here when
you go
Hillary start the timer this is a car I
did that I did that trick yeah and then
he redid it pretty good yeah
is your angle all right it was sideways
running he's an athlete
13 minutes and 21 seconds left Europe
your Olympic
like he's not getting out that easy he's
got that trick to good
he said no dude sorry there what Wow
absolutely that was really good five
tricks its third of the way there it's
been three minutes two minutes and forty
38 seconds you're really good
I pushed it away late but I got it look
at the photo I got of you guys
oh six jerks by the way six trips right
here
some right here that fell out and broke
what would you do buy myself a new
camera I'll be great that warm-up was
the sloppy tricks
whoa I would have taken that ten minutes
to give him five minutes yeah
no even lost
Wow he wasn't trying to wanna D out by
the way nothing he was seven tricks nine
minutes and 41 seconds left look at him
just look at him going back to the rail
you should have thrown a ball and give
it a thumbs up oh I'm fine now blunt
slide
so - - he gave you the boardslide for
whoever would knows what reason
and so you're at nine right now you just
need one more trick to get one present
oh do you feel like it's your birthday
if you're older a boardslide counted but
a back Smith did not
that's what Casey just said that was
great my new presidents of the end okay
persons at the end eight minutes
a busy on the dollar
she do you really want to stay safe
right there was beautiful for in seven
minutes things got it if he doesn't I
feel like I should I deserve money what
why - it was first tried oh my god
that's amazing
so six minutes and thirty three trips
got three tricks to do hopefully a
miscount if we did I'm sorry this guy is
not stopping
if anyone wondered if he could run there
you go
two more two more five minutes
thumbs up dude she gets better every day
he skates every every move he makes
better every breath he takes he's got
one more trick
I was scared I filmed it pretty crappy
because I thought them because with that
trick it's really easy for you to like
make the board hit the film er yes
congratulations sit down on that box
good person four minutes 51 seconds left
I should just thumbs down it just cuz we
should've made you look like you just
did 15 great tricks in the matter of
like 10 minutes this is happy birthday
if I hadn't found you know that will see
the top look if I hadn't found you I'd
probably be driving somebody else nuts
happy anniversary we love you don't
embrace me too much you're very sweaty
I'm gonna yeah that's the bed dude
that's the best one I think it's my
favorite all of you guys are going down
for sure well here let's just go to the
next present no oh snap just one of
these is to wash your butt cheeks oh
just got my own shower and bathroom or
suite or throw it up run it to first I
got a people do I have no idea what that
is
I've never seen this in my life
why did wises in here what I'm gonna
back baby
ooh difficult target I've made myself
some new pants okay okay guys so we
challenged Sam to do the 12 cupcakes for
50 bucks after this and I'm not gonna
say what happens but we did film it and
it made the video very long so I'm just
gonna upload it as a little bonus video
probably like later this week or next
week so tune in but more videos are
always on the way and I will leave
myself to finish this video up thank you
guys for watching that was crazy that
was the way you celebrated birthday this
is the worst you've ever felt on a
birthday
this is there you go this guy is one of
my favorite skateboarders he gets better
every time he gets on the skateboard you
will see so much more amazing things
from him in the future and thank you
guys for watching I do videos here all
the time on my channel you just hit the
button right below where it says
subscribe
and you're signed up to see more videos
it's free it's fun it's more fun than
the last one I said I don't know what
I'm saying anymore I don't either
how's crazy yeah so say bye-bye I'm
gonna go puke now so that's not a lot he
he might
boom there you go there's this week's
throwback Monday so I'm gonna explain it
like I do every time if every boy
there's someone out there that is listen
to me explain this every single time I'm
sorry and I owe you something I owe you
something a milkshake I have no idea a
taco so last year at YouTube incorrectly
add like shut off a lot of videos in my
channel wasn't D monetized none of these
videos have been D monetized or limited
ad but they were neighbors like shut off
search and discovery meaning you you
couldn't search for it in the search bar
and they won't come up and suggested
videos so it's pretty much non-existent
unless you go manually through my videos
YouTube was like eh I'm sorry they have
the dead this voice apparently like
sorry this was supposed to happen we're
gonna fix it well they didn't fix it and
I just came up with the concept of
putting them back on my channel one by
one so you guys can watch them if you
want to see them so that's why this
exists I kind of explained that the
beginning of the video and I nobody
reads that first screen so that's why I
put that little talking part at the
beginning but I really didn't want to do
that because I didn't want to disconnect
video content so much but it is what it
is I've actually been talking to YouTube
again and I think I might be able to fix
this problem for the most part this will
keep going for a little while longer
buddy like originally it would probably
have gone all year I think I might get
my old videos fixed and brought back at
least most of them so fingers crossed
hope you guys liked that video it's
weird this warehouse Wednesday but I
didn't want to do a double a weird
reupload on Wednesday since you guys
were used to it being on Monday but new
episode of whereas Wednesday this week
and then I have a fun other senate-house
basketball video tomorrow a sequel to it
that'll be really fun so hope you guys
enjoyed this you guys have a great day
go skate if you can if you can't I don't
know play fortnight that's what everyone
else is doing I tried to download and it
did work so I'll fix that I'll try it
I'll try it sometime hey how do we get
out of here
that way literally your shirt is saying
that way oh that door then use that
