hey Justin Ellison oh hey how you doing
today alright Brian hi pop quiz time
come on come on yeah yeah really
come on okay so big day I am filming
some videos with coheed and cambria and
it's funny because if you watch my
channel long enough you know that I my
camera sabotage me class if I did this I
did a movie quote quiz and I didn't get
any audio but it was a disaster so I'm
doing the exact same thing again this is
a redemption video and Brian's gets me
my test
pay test pig is that that's a term right
well sure
can you pick guinea pig that's weird
you're a Guinea okay yeah for somebody
who talks a lot sure suck edit okay so
I'm gonna see how he does creep I know
this dude dude dude didn't give you a
few hints
I got harder though yeah and then he did
get some wrong I feel like it's the
perfect so I'm gonna do one more person
we'll see how they do Brian
hi are you ready yeah you guys look like
twins looking it's the same my gosh it's
such an iconic didn't eat a dish - he
you nailed the last half I know you guys
were opposite Peter or exact opposites I
trouble of you nailed and I got along
good yeah especially because you guys
are actually physically on a bit of
softball a real softball team that's
amazing good I feel like the level of
difficulty is good I'm out I've done it
Serco heat is playing two hours north
tonight up at Columbus so I have to
travel up there just Nelson's gonna come
with me I'm gonna film these videos with
them and then I'm going to see the show
so it'd be a good time
I have probably had a lot of down time
in Columbus so I'm hoping I'll get to
skate be a long day and I'm kind of
stressed because it's Coheed Cambria
like I did this with him before and my
camera screwed me up and I don't know it
was stressful
least the guys I know them they're super
down-to-earth and it'll be a fun time
where house family goodbye
the best thing about this is that you
know I'm forgetting something
that's how it's really weird being in a
vlogger so did not hold the camera like
I died hit the light I swear I hit the
light like we have video proof of me
hitting a light and didn't turn it off
so Justin's nice enough to drive so I
can prep for this to be stressful dude
you got it I'm going to mess this up
somehow you know that's right like I'm
gonna do it oh it's a beautiful day I
take that back I really hope the Sun
comes out
Justin Keys has this food spot in mind
for lunch and it's called dirty Frank's
in a hot dog place I am trying to lose
weight because I might have a commercial
coming up later this month and we're
going to a hot dog please it's worth it
we're here here it is this place
opposable supposedly rules I thought so
so good well it sounds so so good
alright but now we have two hours before
we got a film and there's a skate park
15 minutes away so we're to go
skateboard at it then what better way to
do it than rock out to some actual
coheed and cambria while we're doing it
let's go oh car you should be on it
might help
we might have found the most difficult
skatepark to skate ever all the
decisions are super steep and the winds
like just slows you down every time you
go Freddie
Oh hero
hands-down the most difficult skatepark
to skate yeah ever let's go meet up with
cocaine camera
Waymon big joke okay so we just arrived
at the venue I gotta like walk to Mordor
to go pay the meter and then come back
here a little weird hanging out with
people that you look up to so much like
they're my favorite band so I'm
naturally just a little nervous but I
get over that real quick and it's a lot
of fun at the same time so I'm super
psyched I got a call I've never been
here before I have no idea we're
supposed to go it was really easy last
time I did it but this place looks a
little more like secure and official the
Cincinnati venue he did not answer I
will text him yeah yeah I'm outside I'm
out front right now okay like next to
the entrance and main entrance all right
I'll walk over there this cake has seen
better days there was like a big dent in
it's not gonna go M&Ms
usually M&M do the eyeball I would hurt
I don't know how are you dude it's nice
to meet you me too yeah I do it right
here yeah we can make it work I know it
what's modern even no it's not that's
good days boom yeah but you do realize
later in the list that his number yeah
yeah we're gonna get cleaned up and
hopefully get some dinner before the
show you don't do that I mean at kcon
accent I didn't mean to do this I'm
doing it yeah I look pretty ridiculous
I cannot wait I'm gonna like take a
shower with a back gallon of water so
that's gonna be an interesting part of
this video that was awesome that that
was amazing
there's my car you know how normal
people have eyebrows that doesn't make
sense do you think the people are eating
the cake I gave people waiting in line
okay outside we got to this skate spot
and I'm gonna go pour water on my head
repeatedly until I'm somewhat cleaner
and then we're gonna skate your liver
you know skate yeah okay cool we're
gonna skate and I got my friend Pat
coming the guy that does play Factory on
Instagram
yeah so he's totally gonna come and
it'll be good time this is gonna suck oh
it's cool Justin
there was no warm water no one wants
warm water besides you usually know
about warm water hook you know this is
awful dude I should not have weighed I
did a shower so bad
yeah you're making progress no she's
making progress
my hair is screwed that's night there's
no he's not coming out so Justin I just
played a game of skate it was good we
got tea the tea and I won with a switch
360 there's these crazy banks over here
over the river and I want to go do a
trick and hopefully not lose my
skateboard this is Pat people play
factory this is a dude you can't see the
graphic that'd be insane
that was the best-case scenario of her
falling face forward so that was fun we
didn't film too much but I did land the
trick that you saw and I don't know
when's the last time that I've done that
on a Ledge two right here if I ever have
filmed it I've no idea so right here
food time yeah do you any idea we're
gonna do where you want to go I have no
idea that's a pretty city look at that
look at that deer look at the deer just
yeah he's just looking over the bridge
we are at beedis Mongolian barbecue
it is delicious if you ever get a chance
to eat here eat there I'm gonna go eat
there you'll see some iPhone shots my
food but it's awesome
it's awesome Jeffrey my phone no this no
yeah Nancy it's good camera this thing
right here has a bad attitude this is
the place I'm going to put some of the
food in this in this building into my
face
I totally forgot to film my food it was
that delicious but either way this is
over we're about to go to the show so
you'll see some clips of the actual
concert but please check out come feed
people there'll be a link right down
there to some songs you should listen to
check them out and enjoy them they're my
favorite band ever for a reason so
that's it cut to that I don't know if
there's anything after this if there is
awesome if there's not goodbye okay that
was
wash you
Freeman Bing Jay Ryan chambers yeah you
triforce love yeah there you go that's
mine
yeah cool thank you
