YouTube what is up guys so I'm doing a
what's in my camera bag a lot of people
do this I think I did one like a couple
years ago but that was a couple years
ago my hub my bag has evolved a little
bit so I'm gonna go through it I'm gonna
talk about all the random crap I got in
there I didn't actually prepare for this
at all I thought like just letting my
bag be the ridiculousness that it is on
a day to day basis as a better way to do
this because you're like oh that is
exactly how Andy's bag is okay so here
it is it is a backpack this thing has
saved my life I used to have to travel
with two bags like a laptop bag in a
camera bag and then I realized I was
really stupid
while we get something that fits
everything so this fits basically my my
whole operation right here in this bag
like I said it's a backpack so I just
carry it everywhere I go and it's the
greatest thing in the world so this is
what it looks like this is my second
backpack actually the first one was a
little more better organized this one is
really good and it's better in different
ways but at the same time like I got
kind of like throw things in it there's
like a big empty space right here that
are just kind of throw things in where
my first bag had like actual slots and
it's like spaces to put stuff so that
was kind of cool and this is a by USA
gear I don't know the model number so
I'm sorry but either way just go on eBay
put DSLR bag and there's a lot of good
options out there so right here we have
my little SD card slot which is like the
only thing this is meant for SD cards
it's like pretty much the only slots
that I know are meant for something
specific what does suck is that it
doesn't it's they aren't big enough to
fit the the plastic cases around them I
can put the big the cases in the big
pouch below but then the actual SD card
slots they got to be like like naked I
guess you could say but it does the job
so it's cool so it's got some side
pockets here and I've got a crap ton of
change
so parking meters beware I have some for
him chapstick my lips have been super
chat lately so I finally got fed up and
I was like you know what helicopter
why don't you freakin ruin the audio to
my video yeah you you I'm in a log cabin
in Gatlinburg right now so hopefully
nobody near buyers like wow you're
destroying peaceful nature of course the
freaking helicopter is just throwing
peaceful nature lips chapped lips beware
I have chapstick right here it's got a
slot hope where I keep my laptop this
also saves my life is where I do all my
work now that I have like a home office
I'll probably get a desktop too but
that's down that side I'm won't worry
about that later okay so let's just go
into the main compartment alright opens
up kind of like sideways and of course
my camera is not in here because the
camera is filming this but this thing it
has some slots it's kind of hard to see
if you guys can see see let me really
brighten this up okay so yeah there's
like a lens slot right here then there's
just some big general containers I
basically just throw what I want in my
bag in these things in no really super
organized fashion we have the Mongo pod
that the dude dustin for Mongo pod gave
me on this thing rules so it turns your
cell phone into a fisheye that's awesome
and we have an external mic for windy
situations I'm not huge on a lot of
people are like crazy on audio when it
comes to skate sound it's like when you
put skating in a video part the music
kind of kills the crisp you know it's
like no one listens to a video part and
be like wow that was the greatest audio
of that curve grind ever like now I'm
just kind of listening to it so I don't
really care about windy situations
definitely you need this because the
shot will sound awful especially if it's
a talking part for YouTube you have to
have an external mic in some situations
I have a 50 millimeter lens I have a
gopro hero4 session which i never ever
use anymore I think I'm gonna give this
to algae yuning actually because he uses
it a lot uses multiple of them I have a
18 to 55 millimetres the standard kit
zoom lens I have a bigger zoom lens to
which I need to put in my bag
I don't not that I have room but I need
to start using it because I have I got
it I haven't really tested it out I am
empty batteries I have like total of
five DSLR batteries um and I have a
system so when I use one up these are
dead batteries I just
put them in these in this blends area
you can't see it but there's these
velcro pockets my charge batteries are
always in these and then I think on the
top one I have some cords miscellaneous
like micro USB cords or it doesn't
matter nothing exciting I have a hard
drive sometimes I need to swap footage
out or I need to get old footage and
that's on this hard drive it's always
good to roll with this when you work
this heavily in video it's good to have
a solid terabyte hard drive at your side
and then for traveling I have a Nintendo
3ds this is like the newest model it is
red of course Oh see that makes plane
rides amazing sometimes a lot of times I
have to work on plane rides but when I
have just some relaxing me time I play
some freaking Zelda or Mario Kart I got
Elite Beat Agents that's really good the
world ends with you which is a great RPG
Smash Brothers I got a couple of Zelda's
Mario Kart and a couple of Mario's
that's all you need that's really all
you need and I got my charger for of
course my actual camera will fit in here
too so that is the main compartment of
my camera bag I'm gonna put all this
stuff back except my cell phone that
doesn't go over there and we zip it up
and then on the side you have like a
side entrance to all that so you can
just grab your camera and go on the
other side I have my battery charger and
I actually have two of these usually I
leave the other one in my suitcase I
don't know what reason probably just
because it wouldn't fit in here but when
you're like get back from a busy day of
filming and you got a prep for the next
day to be able to charge two batteries
at once is like the greatest thing in
the entire world hi how are we doing
here uh gonna go pull oh yeah we're
doing a GoPro video I met in Gatlinburg
what are we doing I need to go baby okay
we're doing it go for everything we're
not we're not doing a girl for a video
I'm doing a what's in my camera bag
video um I want you to like heal that's
right that is what's not in my camera
bag okay so the main compartment is
right here like I said this doesn't have
a lot of organization
I just gotta like throw things in and uh
it kind of sucks oh here we go we have
my laptop charger um I have to have that
because as amazing technology as they
can't keep a battery charge for more
than two hours I swear I am revives
GoPro this should not be in here this
should be at the warehouse because this
is a
basically anybody skating at Schrag
corners will be able to pick this up and
film and create content that's the idea
behind that but it's in my bags that
doesn't help anything
my Fallon all I'm not huge on taking
pain reliever but I am so busy that if I
randomly do get a headache and it's not
often I need to get rid of it really
quick and get back to work so I am NOT
for emergencies I have broken pair of
sunglasses that don't look broken but I
promise you they are they sit on my head
like an idiot I have the best thing in
the whole world out here buds a nice
solid pair of earbuds which I need to
get more of these because every time I
fall on a plane my friends need them too
it's really annoying so friends get some
ear buds but uh yeah on a plane I have
to have these to work or play video
games and uh they're there they're
awesome
oh and then I have an anchor this is a
quick charge this will charge your phone
fully 0 to 100 within like 35 minutes
it's amazing and then that's a really
cute pinecone Wow
yeah then I have a red sharpie I have a
some black sharpies up here and stickers
um basically you just need something to
write with in life and also stickers in
the case people come up to me in public
and say what's up I always try to have
stickers to give them something and
that's it that is my bag those are
basically everything I need to keep my
operation going with this bag I can film
and edit anywhere in the entire world
and it's amazing so if you're interested
in getting a DSLR bag like this I just
go on eBay and you can I mean there's
they're really really affordable and
convenience they're awesome and like I
said the one I had before this was a
little more better organized so that is
it guys hope you guys like that um if my
setup drastically changes I will let you
know I guess you got I get to give you
some specs so by laptop I have a 15-inch
MacBook Pro it's basically like I would
I got it I wanted it I don't want to
have any issues with it so I just said
max it out I just got the best laptop I
could get um I mean at least at the
store that day you know so I'm sure you
could get a million other better laptops
but um I read and I went to Mac stores
said give me your best laptop and they
that's what they sold me and then my
camera is a Rebel t5i Canon so that's
mainly what I shoot on I have
another extra backup t5i also if I need
two angles but it's obviously I could
have fit in this bag so there guys go I
hope you guys dug that I'll be back
tomorrow because new daily videos but
since I don't I have no opportunity to
skateboard here the wilderness so I will
show you guys some very retro footage of
me I don't know how retro is the right
word but it's old old footage of me and
that is it thank you guys for watching
I'll see you in the future
haha
right in what are you doing he is just
spilling fruit loops everywhere I can
see it through the window what is that
that's a fruit loop oh and yeah I was
totally using a toilet paper to uh as my
tripod today
