hey I'm gonna freak out all that he
dances yeah good are you kidding me yeah
yeah you're gonna do that
get inside go oh let's go Edd's dude I
don't even get the same warehouse
Wednesday with a very angry man
apparently geez expect that did you
I got it something honestly you walk
over here I didn't even hit you I just
like pushed it in the back that was the
worst hit ever was anyone entertaining
to watch oh I don't know we'll find out
well it's raining on us so we got to
kind of do this kind of fast kind of my
first off it is a product release
warehouse Wednesday okay that means
we're gonna go show you the new stuff
that's coming out for the spring release
of revised skateboards and then we'll
skate a little bit it's gonna be as
simple as that really bright names say
four words let's go back inside where
some of the throw out actually he got
let's face it he's got enough he's dealt
with enough today
now you ruin the box Brent yeah there
you go there's a darker wasted two
dollars hide all the road kind of hurts
are gonna wear I look really scared of
it yeah sorry Brian
does here the crap out of you yeah I
didn't it was just it was just the
warehouse Wednesday talking all right
let's go over here a freaking psychopath
he's a psycho battery if I was actually
angry right how would that go we'll
stand how do you want to stand anyone
check it again had to it's a second time
I tried it that way so wouldn't you
savor your go ever me here's your water
now you're gonna prove it I'm not gonna
throw - I was even trying to mess with I
don't even know I was messing anyone
when I did I'm gonna stop talking it's
icky avoid a roadrunner format I'm
something special right now aren't I I
got your water you're happy do you need
a GoPro back we get you a GoPro yeah
okay everyone you on your shirts first
sure are you okay
let's go on today we're releasing how
many shirts 6 6 5 1 4 2 and really five
five shirts for heads the first one for
a half yeah cuz we two are the same yes
okay four and a half shirt there's a
splatter splatter graphic hi Brian
scattered verse first time it's reversed
I see you tickets hide a and you turn
the inside out like you're answering a
different dimension this is a different
dimension right here okay
that's white now watch what comes next
that's black I'm mad this is our
dimension that we're in except the
graphic is another dimension what no you
get tie-dye reverse tie-dye whatever I
call it but the graphic aside I on the
black shirt it's awesome it's awesome
it's awesome
sawsan Justin also made this I did not
think this I mean I knew I was in like
this but I like this way better when I
actually saw it so good yeah this shirt
is to be named yeah what is this name we
don't have a name for it yet
we will shrapnel shrapnel shrapnel shirt
is shrapnel t unless we rename it let's
do something different on the websites
we call - rapping sure okay yeah I like
that it's dark heaven so really we have
three shirts this is a the same graphic
but some baseball tee look at that horse
okay baseball team bosses we've had one
of these doesn't it Ben yeah since last
fall so really I think so it's Ben wants
to fill out a new one true that's what
I'm trying to get at so I'm really
psyched to this we want the with our
classic white shirt with red sleeves
enough Brian's gonna wear it so
there's that information here's this
obsession so we told you I did a
limited-edition
Eames rattle or my drawing and you can
only get it if you ordered a specific
item during Black Friday weekend last
year and I was like don't worry we're
going to do a different version for
spring for anybody to buy and here it is
Amy rattler 2016 it's a it's literally
one of the things if I showed this my 16
year old self I would be like well I'm
gonna do okay in life because I got to
this point where I got Brian Eames
cartoon face on a snake on a shirt it's
like ranch so you will get questions if
you want it to be if you want it to be
noticed in public wear this shirt
because really what is that look at it
it's amazing
make the face right it's a thing no I'm
nothing hey are you is your head warm
is it cold do you have a head if so it
will go show us this no is this show us
the show is the head thing thing yeah
all right uh for all you people who
don't have 4 panels here's the fifth
panel these are 5 pin lats this would
look great on Doug doesn't tell his head
let's put that out there
oh yeah it was like Doug's hat but we
got the red and navy blue color way over
the white and black : Justin made these
they're awesome
Justin designed these yeah you didn't
make a nice on them because like sits
and like let's sit baby don't knit I did
I don't it had yo I know I don't get
heads Casey talked about some socks
remember that one time I had to blur out
of a video remember I blew out a
computer monitor while these were on the
screen guys tie-dye socks okay
I'm hard on these if your feet I'm
wearing right now it's really excited
about that
yeah so if you feel like your your feet
need to look like skittles boom we have
it at we have it it's just a big for you
ten-eye socks with the emblem graphic
right on it to keep the tie-dye going
we've had a lot of times I stuff
collab with Korda so Cory revived
shoelace belt Tyler take it out want to
get out get out you take it out there
goes quarter dudes rule and all
there's a really good product so if you
are into shoelace belt so this is your
jam
shut up cell phone we got stickers okay
we had the breakfast sticker pack now we
upgraded we've been to lunch hey we
skipped brunch screw that we have lunch
open is open them
we got a milkshake or a soda it's open
for interpretation episode ax then we
got some some straws in a bucket we got
a briquette hamburger that says revive
yeah these are local JP babies rolls in
a bucket it looks like the prints right
I know what they are with the Cooper's
mess up the joke now everyone knows you
know you didn't have to say it all right
no sugar pack lunch a new sticker pack
so you stick these on things I'm not
carbs boxers match this board okay
because he's a big hole with his pants
and I saw them this is the first of the
city series this is done by the talented
Sam for the hearty and this is featuring
a SATA skate spot I'm not gonna tell you
what it is you better know what it is
it's in San Francisco really cool deck
okay to continue in let's keep going we
got the Santa Monica courthouse West LA
courthouse whatever I shouldn't need to
tell you that either this is the LA
version I like this colorway a lot and
of course had to do our hometown
Cincinnati it looks like it looks like a
since I read stick it really goes but
this is a shapes is one of the more
popular skate spots and since 9 has been
around forever and it's red I really got
sandy left simply already killed these
big kid he killed it with these I don't
know he did awesome is what I'm trying
to say what he trying to do so that's
the city series Brian take it on the
wrist splatter Nick exact Andy
accidentally like shared this with the
Internet where I did I'm sorry guys so
you might very seen this but with this
plan is ready for like yeah that's nine
months yeah someone full route so
reverse tie-dye okay you got the white
deck tie-dyeing
lifeline graphic and it also will it
completely eradicates all pests in your
house that's not carefully
nice thing to say this deck rules is to
be ironic if one gets eaten by termites
like something yeah oh sure man these
might be our paper the paper graphic
we've ever done I'm just gonna do you
like them to us I think I'll do one you
do one I want this okay
boom done done shrapnel series we're not
calling in the service if I'd be too
strapped you'll see I hope it's not the
travel series but these are really sharp
done by Justin Ilana Kerr no Ellison I
was gonna test to see if you knew
clearly shunned by Justin Ellison he is
a really really talented ooh that does
not do enough graphics for us so he made
these like a year ago - these are old
what we do is it was asked Aaron and
Doug what nickname and animal what
animal do you want to happen and that's
what just made these and it came up
awesome get me build it these are really
really that's the next second skating -
doggies now and I was picking like like
the best he's like what do you want to
in your first wheel a pizza of course
you know like he nailed it by getting it
the first time yeah t-rex like what
would one have a t-rex I have you said
that was a little kid yeah it's got to
be perfect Doug Doug took it first and
Doug is living my life oh my god so how
does it we also have some exciting
haven't really formally announced that
we are carrying in a video at least
we've updated on Instagram and stuff and
I've mentioned it but we were carrying F
shoes in America but we're going to show
you that yesterday these are the I'm
gonna do a skate test on these these are
like the sports car of skate shoes these
are light and sleek as the Sessler like
feel how light this is so why - yeah
like it's I feel like when you put this
on your foot actually gets lighter than
the weight without a shoe on
well Brian's like walking wind guys
right next we have the excel slim this
is a one is like the best is the best
colorway of any shoe is flag with red
get get out of here keep leave your
trolley going okay so
red insides black white bottom gum
bottom and a GoPro to be sure first off
the Swift is probably my favorite sketch
I've ever skied in my life like the feel
of it is perfect you can jump down stuff
it's a like a slim profile but it's
super durable this is an amazing skate
shoe I highly suggest this I will tell
you guys for the until the end of time
get this shoe it's amazing alright this
simply from the fact that it is deep red
shoe this is Excel Square I'm going to
wear this a lot too
as far as non skating goes I'm gonna
totally wear these but they actually
skate really well too so it's a really
really good sharp looking shoe that is
it guys that is all coming out on the
12th at midnight so it's technically
Friday night which is the 11th as soon
as the clock strikes midnight and it
switches over to a March 12th Eastern
Standard Time here in Cincinnati that is
when all this stuff is released so if
you're on the west coast it'll be 9 p.m.
Friday night but just figure out it's a
as soon as it hits March 12 here in
Cincinnati it's live on this red course
calm and at select select secure shops
are might be selling them a little early
might be sowing a little later but they
are getting into shops but the strikers
icon will definitely have it we're gonna
do a little skating with some of the
dudes over here thank you guys for
watching
Brian aims say two words we forgot a
product it's more than two words
then we have synopsis Barry's ceramics
these are the top echelon of Barry
they're very good okay the board they
took they found like a gold hamster took
his heart out and poured it into the
playpound
a hamster and gave it a college
education and then the hamster made this
okay that is what actually happened it
wasn't a gruesome thing This Is It this
is a really really good set of bearings
and they're in the strike crows are calm
I want that to be the product
description on this new change I mean I
could just make this work forward like
even stop the the weird dispatch center
it's a better something happy
you should I just put it below the
actual disc Renee jeonyul just literally
just got into town as this first day
from living in Cincinnati and he's gonna
do some jailbreak Jordans here so he
might sorry we'll just see what happens
- you know you said you guys couldn't
skateboard this video yeah what's that
ah
that's it that's it that was my first
time standing on a skateboard
Wow
that is it guys all of that gear comes
out on the 12th at midnight which is
taken Friday night this Friday night so
just in a couple days basically um thank
you guys for watch the video and I hope
you guys dig a new product do Wow
plus it's creepy that was creepy nice
here
