okay so right it is in the pantry
watching YouTube videos on his mom's
phone I don't know why but he shut
himself in the pantry and I'm gonna go
scare ya
yeah right ready are you the pantry
I love you I'm gonna show you back in a
great
why
hey so you got a girlfriend oh hey I do
have a girlfriend who would you take in
the faith
every time I clap really loud my cat
looks at me and tries to like make up
meow sound was really weird here watch
on its giving us all the bad but I'm
gonna do it right now and I thought that
says yeah it's called it's a tripod
ready yeah go got it
that's actually not another tripod - two
tripods okay be a frog you cheat your
head you you're back on the the band
doesn't like a metal wire are you okay
what okay don't be a frog ba ba
Tyrannosaurus Rex
I don't know t-rex has talked oh now is
extinct this is the the ninja turtle van
right no this is an integer BAM hmm
turtleman
who's behind that couch what was that
look at the lamb
look at that lamb and I look at the cat
I'm not sure the cat's alive he cat oh
you're alive
you
