YouTube what is up guys so it is another
group tape art time-lapse video you guys
have been digging these so I was like
you know what I'm gonna do another one
so I'm gonna go through the comments you
guys left me on my Instagram suggesting
as a draw and I'm gonna pick one I'm
gonna draw it on here hopefully it won't
be too bad I'm not the most talented
artist in the world and then I'm going
to give you a chance to win the dick at
the end of this video so let's get right
into this I'm going to open up my his
room
first I'm gonna respond to a text for my
wife because she texted me Wow 2000
comments my gosh okay so it's Kevin Bros
the sour patch kids
I love sour patch kids all lit up
Garrett Shane Ryder also suggested sour
patch kids oh one of the hashtags was
soured that's why people are saying this
okay I'm not going to draw sour patch
kids I'm sorry guys Dominic xn says
Chipotle burrito with sunglasses that
sounds amazing
Adam light 21 says Ninja Turtles that is
a good idea shreddy says bright aims as
a ninja turtle I just did a variety of
one though so I'm not going to do a
brand names with randbek Udo says draw a
stormtrooper getting caked by a cat with
Brett names beard that is very detailed
sprockie says a Batman with your logo in
his suit I like that I think that's the
what I'm gonna do I don't know if I
could draw Batman I'm gonna do my best
a really sorry if this is a disaster but
either way one of you guys will win the
skateboard with a bad drawing or not
it'll still be a free skateboard right
the deck that I'm doing this on is Doug
doesn't tells brand new pro model this
comes out next weekend and you should
just win it right here I guess super
super awesome Justin else into this
graphic as a t-rex this is like the
animal series I guess I actually don't
know I forget what the series is called
the whole product line is unveiled this
Wednesday from the warehouse Wednesday
so tune in for that
but Doug choses uh his animal or
dinosaur here in this case good job
Duncan Justin this is amazing grabbing
this could be like cartoon Batman
because I can't do like the traditional
like dark black and gray Batman he's
gonna be blue today I have a bright blue
with some some dark blue for like the
shadows and everything
like creases in his cape and I'm only
gonna do like the torso I think I'm not
gonna humans are kind of hard to draw so
I'm just going to like the top half and
I'll add some some of my own personality
to the drawing and I got yellow because
his emblem should be yellow and then I
got uh white and black because every
girl in town I get white black so let's
get at it
let's go
you
Hey
Oh
and here it is this turned out way
better than I thought it was going to so
hope you guys dug that I kind of like
the super here I'm gonna have to do
something Marvel next time to balance it
out right because I love Iron Man and
spider-man and so many other superheroes
out there but uh but if you guys want a
chance to win this first all you're
gonna have to be subscribed to me so hit
the subscribe button and then hit the
like button on this video and then I'm
going to do is comment one comment per
person please if I see you spamming a
lot I'm not going to consider you for
the winner let's just comment on why you
want this deck and then I will pick a
one person within a week I'll probably
announce it a week from now and I'll set
it out if you're younger than 18 make
sure your parents know you're entering
this and then you can win anywhere in
the world it doesn't matter if you have
an address I will ship it to you so yeah
that's it make sure you subscribe like
this video and then leave that comment
and you're good to enter yeah I'll be
guys dug this I will do more time-lapse
videos so stay tuned but I do videos
every day so I will see you tomorrow
that's it guys let's go let's go mess
with Brian's office because that's what
I do
okay so Brian Ames calculator which you
uses all the time I don't know why he
does because use a cell phone is going
to be taped on the under side of his
desk using revive stickers because these
things are super sticky and they will
hold they're kind of like duct tape
except not duct tape because duct tape
is amazing here it is
there we go thank you guys for watching
and remember you don't need a calculator
if you have a smartphone
whoo so if you win this you will get a
chance so I'm just gonna start again
ma'am because everything I just said
sucked it wasn't good so try to get it
man there you go there's my daily dose
of weird
