John Hill is good like he's really
really good he is the most consistent
and fluid skateboarder I know and he's
really really talented it gets the point
where aid whatever he does I'm not
surprised by like oh yeah
John is learning to switchbacks and
double flips on a gap like I wouldn't
surprise me at all he does everything
and often most the time they can do
something regular you can do it switch
to like a guy loses talent he does a lot
of awesome videos here on YouTube so if
you want to check out more of that
there'll be a link right down there go
check it out I mean you saw the footage
it was perfect and mind-blowing and
amazing that was filmed by dave kappa
who was a really talented nice guy he
has been help with his film lately and
yeah he's kappa john rules and then i'll
link just to further improve how good he
is a skateboard i will link the
warehouse whens and he recently did with
us at the end of this video which is
probably the toughest and meanest
warehouse wednesday we've ever done so
definitely check that video out and
definitely check out John's channel in
general he's a really really good dude
I'm getting a text message from freaking
Casey Bechtler but that's it guys I do
daily videos here myself so click the
top or click subscribe if you want to
see more from me but that's it I'll see
you tomorrow good bye alright what do
you want Casey I'll read you guys what
he's gonna say I'm not gonna read this
it's like it literally like it like
you've heard a book case you wrote a
book to me
