YouTube what is up guys so I'm doing a Q
& A I haven't done one of these in a
while I definitely have done one where
I'm just by myself I'm usually on the
rocks with Brian Eames or something but
I'm gonna go through some questions I
asked you guys on my facebook to ask me
questions and I'm gonna go through right
here right now there was a bunch of
comments but let's get right to it
okay I'm gonna start scrolling and pick
one jonathan Barboza says if you were
trapped on an island alone and you could
bring three things what would you bring
keep in mind you're alone he couldn't
get a rescue for three years okay so uh
oddly enough I've actually answered this
to myself before I've thought about this
and I would say my skateboard ton of
quikrete okay because I would be
ambitious I would build my own skatepark
and then a Chipotle store because he can
provide me with in a lot of Mexican food
because most people think about like one
burrito or like a sphere for finishing
like no I mean I mean this is in my
imagination I'm gonna bring a whole
store Darleen style says would you ever
come to Orlando in Florida just skate
instead of doing a vacation and yes
actually we're doing a forced
East Coast tour where we're going to end
in Florida I don't know if it's Orlando
right now we're gonna end in Orlando but
I know we're gonna skate in one city in
Florida I'm not sure which one yet but
uh so that's totally happy Darien Smith
says who's your favorite Star Wars
character and also list the original
trilogy from your least favorite to your
favorites one the first part is easy
obi-wan Kenobi he's the best person in
Star Wars and then the list is come
tough because first off is worst I don't
know I know what my favorite is but then
like I kind of go back and forth between
the other two if I had to pick I'd
probably go Empire Strikes Back of my
favorite than a new hope
then return the Jedi Ben Johnson says if
you were offered a team like Baker for
example to ride for them professionally
it would you quit drive business and
focus on skating only or not take the
offer focus on her vibe I would hands
down no matter what company came at me I
would not I would not take any offer one
I don't like to do anything's based on
money so if that was ever a situation I
wouldn't I wouldn't bother with it and
as much as I like the Baker dudes like I
and actually I've heard they're super
nice guys I'm not really interested in
the stress that comes to be behind the
professional skateboarding world it's
funny because a lot of people think that
I turned myself pro with all the
survival not pro I'm not pro at all and
then but the distress to perform and
outdo yourself of being pro mixed with
everything else that I have going on in
my life it'd be really tough grant said
you said if I would focus on skating
only that might be a little different
but I love what I do IP really love it
and I like that revive as they are
family a lot of people flip out about
who's the best and not talented or
talented we don't we literally er just
like a group of do is having fun so
that's what I love most about Reviver
jamie turner says how are you in the
family
we are good although I'm sick right now
but we're good we're good thank you
Caleb wooden says if you had to do one
trick tell it's horrible to be and I
would say three flip it would probably
wouldn't happen but I mean I'm trying
you know Donnell Toro so at least I'd
have the motivation then I should
probably stick this or I'm gonna get
severely hurt but I've always thought
that'd be really cool because no one's
done it yet and I love three flips that
being said 99% sure that will never
happen by me
Aaron Foxton says do you like working
with Brian Eames and yes I absolutely
love working at Brian he's I definitely
wouldn't want to do this like how I do
it with anyone else not to say some of
my friends couldn't but just Brian Eames
is a really good counterpart to me
he was my first choice when a revenge at
the time started getting bigger and I
saw potential he was the first person I
went to and I said look I want someone
to run this with me and he said yes and
it's been history ever since brand names
rules Aaron Taylor says do you believe
the Ducks are just pond chickens now
that you say that I'm gonna try to think
of him like that because I like that I
like that a lot forget pond chicken
Devin Martinez says crunchy or creamy
peanut butter and crunchy totally
totally crunchy Matty quested says if
you had to eat the same thing for the
rest of your life what would that food
be and why and Italy beat potatoes again
you can do baked potatoes mashed
potatoes french fries hash browns like I
mean you got some options okay so
totally potatoes Tom Antos says have you
ever tried to change your style from
looking like a cowboy and now I'm really
big on just being who you are and it
just so happens I'm bowlegged like it's
just how my legs work I feel like faking
it I don't know I'm just not a fan of
faking something like that so no if that
bothers you I'm sorry but it doesn't
there you go um thank you very accepting
my Cowboys Michael Johnson says what if
ridin gets better than you at skating
and becomes pro it grows up I'll be
super happy for him and be proud of him
that's awesome I want right in to
succeed and whatever he feels passionate
about if he was successful in whatever
it was he chose one happy dad right here
oh isn't that cute Mollie Smith says
ever consider adding female skaters to
the team and what kind of like what I
just said revive is definitely like a
family and so if there was ever a girl
who fit that and like
like one of us and we were all psyched
on her and she skated sure like the skin
color and gender has nothing to do with
who was on any team at least team is
that I run Radu Seagal says did you ever
did you ever done a back flip and I've
done went on a trampoline that's it I'm
sorry I need to be better at life don't
I
Harley Rivera says have you ever felt
lost like you didn't know what you
wanted to do in life and absolutely I've
always had a lot of passions but I never
knew which one of those passions we're
really gonna take off and get me
somewhere and it's funny because it
wasn't until like I started doing this
YouTube stuff that I was like why don't
I just be me and put all of my passions
out there and that's when something took
off so the point is yes I absolutely was
confused on what I was gonna do with my
life it wasn't until I was about 25 I
think that I started doing what I'm
doing now don't panic I mean it's super
normal to be confused and lost and just
not knowing what you're gonna do with
your life do what you feel is right you
know do what you want to do that's the
important part figure a way to make that
your everyday Blake Ehlers says if you
had to choose an orange or banana to you
right now what would you choose orange
clearly that's no no contest Oh door
enter el says do you remember what your
dream job was as a kid and if so what
was it and do you regret that you didn't
follow that job for the main part of my
childhood I think I wanted to design
roller coasters and I do not regret not
following through with that because that
sounds super stressful and that is a lot
of responsibility on your hands I do
like roller coasters though I love them
Ridge Wilson NARS says what is your
favorite hi-fi song and I'll have to go
with days of the Phoenix but death of
seasons is really really good there's
just there's so many of them my gosh
briga qyn I'm sorry if I murdered your
name Bigfoot or Loch Ness and why and I
would say Loch Ness because there's just
something more mysterious so they could
make giant dinosaur type sea creature
also I feel like a Bigfoot actually
existed we would have seen a million
times by now like the Loch Ness could
potentially live and just live
underwater for all of time we would
never know so I like the possibility of
the lightness - Kristen reader says if
pizzas are round why'd they come in
square boxes and that is super easy to
fit your dipping sauces in the corners
duh Chris Lugo's says win world or
revive anew be released and it's gonna
come out probably Black Friday of this
year this year it's going down that's it
for my facebook I actually accidentally
posted this on my personal Facebook - so
I was gonna answer
clothes because a lot of my friends
asked questions and I wasn't gonna go
disappointing them by dumping any of
them oh Emily Mitchell if you were in a
hostage situation would you want the
office cast with you or it's always
sunny and please explain why easily the
office there's actually some people with
brains in the office always sunny are
all lunatics and I love watching that
Oscar from the office could mentally
think some things drew you know Jim Jim
could as well Amanda Murray says why are
you holding question-and-answer session
when you should be writing and I should
be I know I'm sorry I promise you I'll
be right in this book Amanda DJ Arnold
says Chaka by Dow and that is an inside
joke from ninth grade that no one else
will get oh my wife says when are you
coming home I miss you and you actually
know this I'm coming home tomorrow
morning I miss you too babe you're just
being cute on internet you knew that all
right last question Cory Goines says if
you had to choose between your ability
to skateboard or Star Wars being
completely erased from existence
including every Star Wars item you own
what should you choose and that is so
hard and as much as I hate to say it I
would probably choose I don't know you
know I was about to say Star Wars
because like I enjoy skateboarding for
me but then if I raised star wars it
would be affecting so many lives Wow
so greedy answer I'll say Star Wars nice
to the whole world I would say my escape
my ability to skateboard that's one of
the hardest questions I've ever been
asked that was good one Cory but that is
it guys thank you guys for watching I
will do these every once in a while so
if you want to follow my facebook the
link will be right down there and I'll
ask you guys to ask questions and then
I'll do it I did just now so um but hope
you guys dug it's I do daily videos so
I'll see you guys tomorrow hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
from me and that's it I'm done I'm gonna
go eat the rest of that banana because I
took one bite yeah that's a good one
bite and now that I think about it I
don't even know where it is and that's
weird because this is just a small hotel
room
why are you guys in the freakin
microwave chase it's been a while since
I put YouTube in an appliance
