you say what's up guys remember that one
time I did a video with coheed and
cambria and completely screwed it up
uh-uh I was fortunate enough to get a
second chance and I'm with the guys
right here okay
rockin Travis Josh Claudio Zach my paws
that was awesome I like that so what I'm
gonna do is same thing as last time I'm
gonna do a movie quote cos whoever gets
the most quotes right is gonna get to
take me in the face with a cake go
figure
these are not the same Quileute quotes
dude I wouldn't do that to you Josh was
the winner last time so uh let's see if
you can you can keep the table you want
to hold it you know last time we ate
more than went on your face it might be
I have like a market a video or The Cake
Company dude I know as far as heart
disease you're soft you just can't
attack me with does it hurt I remember
last time
hit me harder with it no no no don't do
this we should do this just think 70s or
80s era okay there's some 90s and
there's definitely one modern all right
oh and you guys should all know all of
these really no I'm just kidding it
makes it to make some nervous right off
the bat all right first off Wendy I'm
home
oh that's shining Tracy dude right there
Travis got it all right I was close you
were right you're like a fragment of a
second Julie they've already done this
before so you're rolling in with it with
a handicap all right if you're gonna
build a time machine why not do it in
style
back to the future yeah Wow - yeah
spared no expense spared no expense dude
around Chambers stuck to this - earlier
it's an iconic phrase from this movie I
can say it like him I could try to
release in Prague Rio spare no expense
somehow I know Arthur they just rebooted
this series last year and together we
are wild oh come on cuz it was so easy
by default you should get that but mind
you those are all right if someone asks
if you were a god you say yes ghost
whisperer soon your move creep
this is abstract no no okay I'll say it
like him and you probably get it though
I'll give you a second to let it soak in
all right I know it did your move creep
familiar it's a reboot is this it's
reading a reading over this is from the
original boom three so if you get one
more you will go through these
regardless alright the next one is so
you get nothing you lose good day sir oh
it's no isn't no so you get nothing
you lose good day sir you know it I know
it what's modern even know it's not it's
good day boom
do you one last time I just I kind of
want to end with zero I would never life
moves pretty fast if you don't stop to
look around you could miss it first
Bueller's Day Off
boom so he's three now so we're good
this is this is getting close next one
asteroids do not concern me Admiral I
want that ship Star Trek no not excuses
I thinks the next one Star Wars yes
which one strange man gets film he's on
that he's on the man he would uh you
know what in the last one I actually had
Star Trek because I'm a big Star Trek
fan but not this one so spoiler alert
okay come with me if you want to live
come with me terminator trying to I made
since I knew four of you I did 13 so
cool Matt that's pretty cool
sweep the leg look at your reflection in
the mirror you're a creature of the
night night breed you wouldn't have
night now
I have no idea lost points three three
everyone has three okay we're good this
is a tough one I'm gonna have to go
under like I don't know what I'm gonna
do but oh it's three two three two three
two three yeah and this is the modern
one so okay I was raised to do one thing
but I've got nothing to fight for
force awakens and I would like to give
my winnings you should see what I like
I won't do it way to join in
Josh wins again he's passing his
winnings off to Travis Randy brother I'm
ready
everybody Travis Travis there we go
cambree ladies gentlemen as these dudes
we'll see you next time
YouTube what is up guys so yes I mean
the weirdest setting you ever seen me
film a talking part of my videos I'm
down in a cottage on the beach in
Florida which I'll talk about in a later
video probably but yeah I just want to
say thank you so much coheed and cambria
for letting me film this video again i
my mic sabotage me the first time I
tried to film this video so it was
awesome meeting I've been hanging out
with the dudes again and getting it
right the second time so this is my
Redemption video and I just want to say
if you haven't heard coheed and cambria
you need to go do it right now I will
link one of their new singles at the end
of this video and write down their info
so catchy they're my favorite band it's
an honor to work with them on this stuff
so is super unreal but if you've already
heard them you are probably still
listened to and if you haven't then go
click the link at the end of this and
you will be happy I'm gonna do a
giveaway with some Kobe's stuff in the
near future so pay attention to my
videos also my son recognize listen to a
select Coheed songs you know ones that
are appropriate for a four year old and
he loves them and he wasn't able to come
with me of course so the guys were nice
enough to film this clip and I'll let
you watch this and that is it but yeah
this is for you right I love you little
guy right this is coheed and cambria and
i just showed him your clip what's up
ride a ride ride hopefully you'll get to
come see that's time we want you to come
out to the show hey we have little kids
at the shows all the time they put the
ear protection on so you got to get your
pops to bring it come on everybody I
love you
