warehouse Wednesday why are you on the
camera right now Casey and no idea it's
Andy's day Andy Shrock how's it going
hold on high five huggers gloves on why
is he running away seems to be the theme
today we can Batman continue talking
anyways so today I'm not gonna tell you
how you're gonna warm up yet but you're
gonna have to do a new kind of dark
slide you suck at them and it's really
entertaining to watch you do them you
have ten minutes to do a dark slate
you've never done what wait I'd start
listening you have ten minutes to do a
dark slide that you've never done before
okay before that to warm up you do ten
flat ground tricks in a row I think this
is gonna be the real hard part you do
ten tricks in a row we're be exhausted
yeah have fun good luck I do have only
done a dark slide so that's not cuz I
failed we're done by the cowboy dark
slide
I like tricking it so everything cowboy
I do everything I do this cowboy good
good good good good
what that was good that was good that
was good that was good okay I'll do it
well it wasn't my punishment even
happens I don't even know well come up
with something Brian this is you want
you this is your job
I want you have to sit in that puddle if
you don't thank you hey dude you like
ripped me out of that warehouse like
that was amazing you know Beth I have to
go to the bank after this like what am I
gonna do we can figure out a way that
you can like take like my naked like
I'll have to be naked we will figure out
a situation for you what happens if he
does it if he does it I don't know how
about you have to send the bottle no
this is not gonna happen
we open the door please hi I got lips Oh
Sam Taber C copyright right there sure I
have like a tailbone sore thing like I
slept on bread dough Mike's couch and it
kind of ruined my tailbone so I feel
like I'm always talking about weaknesses
but I do my where does that a little bit
maybe I'm just always broken are you
doing a dark slide oh wait warmup
okay do you like does this make you feel
like if you looked at Brian Eames closet
it would just be the same outfit it's
like a cartoon character ugh yeah I have
one Reds head for every season I have a
skating hat and then I'm wearing hat
listen we do this movie just sure let's
get stuck how long right if you'd have
to make a bet how much would you bet on
what I'm gonna do this first try good
luck because when I ran out there that
was mean warming up for my wardrobe okay
oh all right let's strategize you should
go for the three foot first oh my god
didn't do it yeah he did not do it I
also get the reflow
counter in the studio yep first-first go
is my clean skate this is my sloppy
skating Wow very tiring
you went every trick going the worst why
are you possibly good it's pretty
awesome continue I'm tired of it very
since five that's why that's five
straight Oh
six seven
whoa two more you should end it with a
180 this is really really tiring good
well there's no doubt about it
this is warms you up I'm out of breath
good this is like the hardest challenge
in the world I'm going to be a cleaner
individual this time okay stupid but
cleaner was better than your second
it's good seven more six more
five it's halfway fine five
yes seven three three more
two more two more
for more easy I can do it what is it I
don't know
nice success I'm so glad that he did
that intake soloist rejoice you did that
in a minute like the third round was a
one minute long tries dude that be done
that that was that was good right yeah
we're done we just be done this really
this is really difficult because I
naturally want to do a dark side first
I haven't even skated this new dark side
board you just have to do dark slides
out that a new dark slide I've never it
was just I've never done a frontside
dark slide I've came close I've never
done a switch direction I became close
by like a half Kevin do it
what about three foot dark slide that's
a possibility half cab darkside cat
appealed daughter side a lot of people
do that let me just tell me that all
right so I'm gonna get my place get your
pocketbook I'm ready fYI I am going to
try a few regular dark slides to
actually warm up because you're meeting
it's like really not sliding i'd
probably was a really bad idea to let's
pretend all right you want to try the
actual one now okay how much time do i
ten minutes he hasn't started yet we're
sort of clock yet all of this was
supposed to be that ten minutes Brian
thought I was trying to try the dark
side off the clock which I wasn't we
never you said you even said because
you're because I mean that you're gonna
start like I know because never mind
don't reference it being off don't worry
about it we're gonna be honest I'm nine
minutes left
yeah that took you about a minute those
two those three tries that was confusing
all right I got a gig I'm gonna try the
half cab mule dark side
now try that this is really hard this is
like getting thrown into something like
hey figure this out that's exactly
that's happened and literally exactly
what it's what is no your wife Brian I
talk a lot sometimes I just talk dark
back lip dark front lip he'll be darker
from before dark and dark 50/50 I'm sure
you go over the chemo this upfront dark
side how much how much how high up you
have eight minutes and 10 seconds burn
Wow eight minutes 10 seconds here he is
he has stuck this he's almost landed i
mild faith that is the one that's the
one pause the clock on the pot let's
turn this around
let's turn this around to film agree as
he's filming is the box better now
there's the light better sure is your o
sluice gate board upside down there
one shoulders that knew what it was
doing like it looks like I was going to
notice I think that there is a 60%
chance he can do this I think there is a
54 percent chance that he can do he's
gone down all a 67 percent chance that
he could do this I should not have waxed
my skateboard
watch this it's gone forever you know
choosing oh he has five minutes 54
seconds left
oh halfway through his time he's got
five minutes left I'm gonna give you a
49 percent chance that you're gonna be
able do this he's my personal thoughts I
was good you have it felt good you like
it felt like I could have actually
flicked it that's that's what you need
right there once four minutes it's hard
to get down to like we're we're thinking
about thinking about crunch time yes
really don't want to sit in that puddle
this is the hardest thing ever to flip
it back over it just shoots out I kind
of it gets left three minutes three
minutes we're taking you back on dude
it's just impossible flip over Oh 30
seconds
it was good cause a good one Oh Guinness
is two minutes left
it is it is actually crunch time
damn like a screamed aloud there I was
very excited else knows one of the
whores her attempts and gonna lie he's
got a minute left I'm gonna pause and
I'm gonna let me collect himself for a
second that look leave her he's 52
seconds left we're in like super crunch
time I cried she has to the French man
we're talking in the library
twenty-one seconds like a solid attempt
I'm gonna have no joy in this I feel
really bad right now like I honestly
feel like a horrible human being
I have never please sigh what's that
it's a piece of concert minors I suck
that I've never ever ever ever felt a
trick that you have absolutely no
control with the board's doing when
you're shining out of it
Darkseid's are hard I believe you like
that front side should just like you
know you just turn off like it should be
the most like physics it makes so much
sense yes I agree well let me tell them
to try I think you can do it
we drop a GoPro hood where you shoot
that is an amazing cake I can't leave
you do that first try that was the
hardest thing in the world and I would
love to keep trying that all day but I
got to go home and get a dining room
table delivered how does the most adult
thing has ever happened me is it I got
to quit trying a frontside dark slide so
I can go get a dining room table and I
didn't have any pants because believe it
or not Brian didn't tell me I was gonna
sit in a pool of water cuz I suck at
darkseid's so I'm gonna do my boxer
briefs oh dude it's really cold outside
waiting us in water
you're Nene I found it out you better
believe that we are gonna do this
warehouse Wednesday again and you better
believe that a pilot landed brian is
sitting in the water that's only fair
this is gonna be the coolest thing ever
oh my god this sucks
come on get my favor here I don't shoe
long I'm gonna end the video because I
got to go buy a dining-room table
that's the worst angle it's ever happens
you film that
yeah you were this is a recipe for sick
me a dining room table times yeah what'd
you do today I said there's an earthworm
I said head water with mud in 20-degree
temperature everyone else in the world
like 20 degrees is hot it's like
Fahrenheit oh my gosh you mean my Beach
I'm gonna I'm gonna try to get my shoe
down I did a ladder give it up oh you're
in the land dude I know No
