no that was my bookcase that was really
good oh I'm crying all right the guy on
here is gonna go so today you're gonna
do a warm-up bring it to that here in a
moment let's put it out there that this
is we're putting you through the wringer
as a mystery challenge and then it's
going to be rail apocalypse okay rope up
tulips you're gonna have 12 minutes and
you're through five tricks on four
separate rails that we have in that's 20
tricks or 12 minutes to warm up you
gotta warm up you gotta go skate over
here before you know it was like
literally 30 degrees colder just like a
day ago yeah so cold look at this game
board that's what you have to warm up in
the worst possible spot to skate ever
you want to skate I don't know that'll
be the sequel episode how much should we
just make him do it on the dirt mountain
do you think that would be possible to
do like five flip tricks yeah we should
totally make him do it here all right
five tricks so this board is actually
used for terrible situations like this
huh so my boards you look like a steer
yeah good luck five tricks three to
three oh my gosh now you have to roll no
one's expecting a roll oh my gosh if you
fall it's just like the worst thing in
the world please sex change
and that's a trick Oh
oh my gosh sure I got I got oh is that
one to acknowledge this boy he was
ruined before that oh my gosh is it this
hard to trick you gotta do oh if someone
just walked up and found us they would
be like what's wrong with these oh there
you go
how are you guys doing cold this is
disgusting dude look what I'm standing
in so is it I am I quit Skeena alright
this was terrible let's go away from
this was that the worst thing ever so
bad does that mean we literally have to
go clean up before we actually do this
dude why is Bryan all the way over there
Bryan when it's hot he can't take it was
cold he can't take it
he just can't take the outdoors if you
didn't tell your prize at all 30 bucks
if you do it and a toothbrush I need a
new toothbrush you really do well this
is a this is a good one this is the
Colgate wait this was supposed to be a
prize with a 30 bucks you know yeah but
I think it's gonna use it to clean our
shoe that would make something takes a
lot of sense oh look at that that's
working awesome dude
look how clean that's coming this might
sound weird but you should put a shoe in
both hand and just twirl around like in
Mario when you jump on the flower I'm
going to be so dizzy for the mystery
challenge if you get on your phone you
have to call up McDonald's and you have
to do a blunt to fakie while talking to
them and then you can tell them you did
a blunt to fakie than hang up I do that
like right now yes right now let's go to
the closer to McDonald's yes I am doing
a blunt to fakie a mile away from you
keep him on the phone so talk about
whatever you need to tell him like hey
just stay on the phone while I do a
blunt to fakie if you want did you hear
before his dad hey I'm about to do have
one to fake it
hey I just did a punt to fake him out
way from you is that cool a blunt to
fakie on a halfpipe I did a blunt to
fakie that's pretty cool
well he's good talking to hold on it
probably sounded so annoying when you
were rolling yeah that's probably when
you can use it's time to make the donuts
okay director where are the donuts here
this appears five tricks on five tricks
on that rail five trips on that rail
five tricks on that rail and five tricks
on the handrail oh so I got to do it
like how its set up yeah yeah and that's
so scary low it's not even funny Eddie
the whole rail - so which one do you
wanna start with the flat bar all right
lap bar Patrick yeah are you giving them
12 minutes oh no way more impressive
this is real apocalypse you won't stop
right now
gosh I'm glad you did that because I
just like yelling right there yeah get
back over there I'll give you 12 minutes
and 9 seconds today okay why don't you
ever take away minutes first I'm gonna
give him 11 minutes and 58 seconds there
you go that's good when you go he'll
start the clock okay whole rail por el
only
that looks so fun so much that was 119
to go you can't not feeble he's not
gonna win this man he's done you know
what it's been so long since someone's
lost so I'm fine if he loses your glory
man II was gonna lose he are you the mud
kicked
nope for rail that would count though
yeah it's been one minute
mm what's your call
I'm gonna say no yeah he says no that's
what he wanted to hear mid kickflip
breadboard three three down do to go
tres amigos
for for 8 minutes and 58 seconds left I
opposed I'm picking which way I was
going to next okay and he's gonna go to
the red one it's scary low it's so scary
low I'm gonna make this warehouse
Wednesday it's hard because Tony Mann
and creative one that was one what why
are you holding your hand like that who
does that
that was like a five-oh feeble people
all day all day the most part of it
you were scared
I'll escape 40 seconds to do this for
five flat bar that's really good that
was it that was impressive exactly a
minute it's easy at seven minutes and 56
seconds left
killed that terrible house 1 you know
what he hasn't had a duplicate trick yet
like I hit any of the rails finger
moving in there your kick your kickflip
is like this hi
that's trick did you count that I mean
clearly he was not trying back vidi-vidi
3 the back for the vision count jeez
that's so scary to film right here
Thomas has scarred me like filming
Thomas on Rails you're gonna get hit in
the face
pause but was that dot ellipse lund it
was a cruise a I've gotta give it to him
it was great
it was good it's so good that I don't
care that you slipped out at the end
there and let the lip slide but you need
a freaking sugar cane so if we get that
on my face you have four minutes and 41
seconds left to do five tricks on that
hand round just under a minute per trick
I mean he could easily do it it's
whether he wants me home or not let's
see it dude
is it that easy is it really that easy
yes come on you got three and a half
minutes I think you've got this in the
bag there's a bag somewhere and has your
face in it for one more
I didn't know what it's trying and then
you it was a weird angle but you just
did that first try
you were the proud over owner oh you
have the money you're the the rail
champion how like I'm let's sign up for
you on that yeah I'm glad you didn't
this guy is a wonderful skateboarder
clearly he's yet I've said this for
years now he gets better every single
time he's on the board that is still
true you're good dude and he's also a
good dude is what I'm trying to say
great guy and he has an Instagram if you
want to follow him and see more of his
amazing skateboarding and it was amazing
face its there at Sam Vestal is right in
the info and you'll be happy you did
thanks honey happy thirty bucks dude now
stay for fun if you want if you guys
want to see more videos from me hit the
subscribe button right down below it's
free easy and you just click where it
says subscribe and you're signed up
thank you for watching hope you guys
enjoyed it you guys have a great
Wednesday and I will see you with
another video pair soon bye goodbye
you made us wait for that that was good
I'm gonna be honest one time we were
prank calling people and we prank called
a box factory at like 2:00 in the
morning and on the answer machine we
left a song about how much it would suck
to be working packing up boxes it's 7:00
in the morning I just got to work I
gotta pack some boxes in the sucks
I felt bad but I hope they've got kick
