YouTube what's up guys so it has been
very rainy look at this look how gross
it is outside and I have wanted to play
outside with Rhydon and this weather has
really been preventing me from doing
that so I've accepted it's gonna be a
father-son rainy day today I am at
Twitter us right now Bob and I'm gonna
go inside I'm gonna get something
entertaining that we could play with at
home and I'm gonna drive home where he
is at right now and we are gonna play
with it it should be a father-son rainy
day it'll be fun and hopefully the
weather gets better soon because I'm
getting cabin fever but today I've
accepted it so let's go to Toys R Us and
try to find something cool pretty sure
the weather heard me talking trash
because it is so gross outside of like
wending snow in my face the rain has
turned to snow I guess I'll see you link
you rule I would say Legos but we just
did it like a thing like a few weeks ago
but no Legos today in the future you'd
see more Legos for sure I was gonna get
this until I rose it was steel tipped
darts which isn't smart with a 4 year
old this stuff was cool but when he has
a baseball thing then you have a
basketball thing so wouldn't be anything
new but that we don't have a trampoline
we don't have any trampoline I think
this might be it
we put pillows it might be amazing I'm
doing it let's do this also I'd like to
point out that is super weird talking to
yourself or your cell phone into his
rest very awkward it ended up being $30
less than marked so that's awesome but
I'm gonna take this home and I'm gonna
put it together and my little guy and I
are gonna play with it let's go do this
right and Anthony are you ready to have
a very fun time because you can't go
outside you know why yeah
what kinda it was right it's rainy snow
right you go up to your playroom and
wait for me okay
you know anymore surprised you know this
is trained for me it's a trampoline dude
what are you gonna do on it wanna show
me show me what you could do you boy you
do a somersault Wow alright to put this
together and play with it yeah how are
you poke a lake that's gonna be dad's
job okay and you're going to have to
guard this place and make sure no bad
guys come okay
Oh our toy get chip you're gonna destroy
the ship no I'm gonna fry a patrol it
why okay that's good I'll try to get up
we're on the Death Star
what Wow I thought I was good guy the
whole time yeah what do you think I'm
gonna open this up was right that's
right
man I've got this guy trained up well
don't all right keys I'm gonna be honest
it looks like someone already opened
this long as the stuffs inside I don't
care hey would you call it okay pick
your friend from my other video put your
face in it okay and it's abstract
picture frame but it'll do it looks you
look beautiful buddy oh you you take
this and don't know don't fight me
okay guard that day a patrol don't chop
my back off patrol the DES door okay and
he's gone
I thought the Death Star was this room
it's not
oh okay well there's not much assembling
to look at that trampoline how does it
bounce right now I'm not okay no it
doesn't but we need to put that leg that
okay I'll put the legs on right after I
tickle you
I'm excited I'm no foul right good what
are you excited about flower frame got
some legs joke okay these are not
lightsabers those enough and now they're
light sabers little loop doo doo doo
little lutulu
do you like that song hmm fuck killing
camp or it's not it's not going camera
it's Rick Ashley
probably the polar opposite of coheed
and cambria there we go is it look good
Oh
spoiler alert riding I'm probably not
gonna jump on this at all
this is not big enough whoa
boom that was good you in the trash
listen we're done with this now we gotta
put this blue thing on it but let's face
it if you hit your face on this with
this thing patting it it wouldn't do
that much it's not that think of a thing
don't make it slightly better I mean
literally we make it that much better so
at least is that we are not ready for
you to jump yet again oh you jump in
hate to playfulness you have to go to
the please or a doctor if we hit our
face in this we have to go to the police
funny thoughtful doctor makes a little
more sense well I'm putting this on will
you clean up the trash put all of this
stuff back in that box all right yeah
we'll set this over here are you ready
do it ooh jeez Oh two suburbs all whoo I
got a very good idea should we get a
bunch of pillows right here so you can
jump off and land at him will that be a
good idea I'll get these on the bed all
right let's Lam right here jackpot
I think this is gonna be enough right oh
look it's Darth Vader on a pillow cat
them fastener right in clearly clearly
this is Darth Vader run jump bounce
pillows can you do it yeah whoo 360
can I try it out Wow well ready take all
day for dad yes we are Freyr that's one
way to do it you all right hey let's
move this up boom my first backside flip
right I put that foot there and then
this foot like right here okay
now lean yeah do it again oh hey that
was really good you're gonna you're
gonna be doing it one day you're gonna
be doing Ollie's okay so thanks for
watching our rainy-day video did you
have a good day yeah and thank you for
lettin us because today and then school
what but I hope you guys liked our video
we can't wait to get out out back in the
outdoors and start doing fun videos and
stuff but uh we had a blast today I hope
you guys dug it and we'll see you soon
we always do videos together so we'll be
back right I love you already I'm gonna
go get a drink
whoa all right new role and being a Jedi
do not throw your lightsaber unless can
use the force and bring it back to
yourself oh you the forth and blow up
who do who has ever done that
look no he didn't know he didn't
you
