what's up guys on Lamont Haute I'm with
Luiz Moura gonna play a filmer where's
the skater game escape
he's a filmer under skating in kind of
this beautiful view it's really
beautiful all right paper scissor oh my
god
okay
I can't do that trick okay can we take a
second just to address how good Luis is
like he's a really talented filmer but
he can shred on a skateboard my gosh but
I hope you guys dug this game of skate
lamont sent me this other day and I was
super psyched to upload it lamont has
been really killing it on YouTube lately
he's up and uploading a lot of quality
content so you should definitely go
check it out not only is he a terrific
skateboarder but yet also has really uh
really cool ideas when it comes to
YouTube videos so go check it out and
subscribe to his channel you'll be happy
I do daily videos here myself to clear
the top lane for me but mainly check out
Lamont actually hung out with us do the
other day he's super nice and mellow and
he did a hardflip man who came about and
I was like whoa okay but that's it
subscribe to a month tell you these guys
you
