so what was it like on the Black Pearl
uh well I was very shaky there was a lot
of wind and water and there was the
storm and you just got to be careful in
those situations all right so this is a
vlogger sewed thirteen how do you feel
with the word vlog is that bread tape
that word you do with a vlog we're gonna
like word off vloggy
walk what about vlog Chuck turn left
either way we're here in LA today and we
got some street filming to do we're
trying to film for the second full
length to revive video which comes out
later this year it's already been a
super productive weekend we got I
finished up we are avenged which might
already be out by I don't even know and
then a bunch of people have gotten clips
for the video part including me and I'm
trying to try to get a second one today
that's it that's our plan we're gonna go
to some DIY to start out and hello I'm
in town because I live here hi yeah
we're gonna dislocate morning today
Taylor Swift oh yes she's I think he
played tennis with the Pope this has to
be it oh wow that looks fun though
how do you get into it rolling off to
our friend Aaron Cairo how do your legs
feel right now pretty sore yeah all
right might start to look a pretty sucky
yeah okay so instead of skating we kind
of just went straight to some weird
application eric has on his phone I have
to open it up I'm opening it right get
it get in here put it in here we go
so that was weird
that was weird you you're weird Johnny
Depp here's the spot and where's max
Maybury yeah he's gonna be late today
and he's gonna find out that we started
here and he missed it
hi Doug this is what I'm talking about
this is fun little parking curb ledge
here
yeah you could be though I would sign
you on that alone we are gonna go get
much-needed drinks and then we're going
over the next pot that was awesome
because this is when you have this many
people it's very easy to get stuck in a
spot for way too long
so we are actually leaving within an
hour we had some fun and everyone so
yeah let's go have fun somewhere else
yes that's a perfect someone following
me dude you were great as the new Willy
Wonka I you know it's one of the best
roles I ever had do that 7-eleven his
breakfast melts all right I think I got
some hydration for our names here send
those thank you oh my gosh I want a pair
I'm at one time I had a bunch of crap in
my hands I'll go to this case what now
oh wait right now painting table spot
picnic table spot
you got it what do you think hey
surprise we're skating with 40 people
this is insane here's a lot of people
but you did it now we have proof but now
it actually counts that's the only way
because it's on film yeah hey you guys
brothers you shook my hand so where'd
you pick your hand out like like I
didn't even like I just let you grab it
that's what you put your like with
people a handshake and their hand melts
and that's like that's not worse
that felt we were just doing that with
you yeah here no he'll do of manly
handshake i total of monami Lanza's next
try I'm gonna buy him a puppy and he got
really psyched and I think he's gonna
land it now I got about I'm probably
another buy puppy ah yeah maybe he wants
a cat yeah this time is first $25 Target
gift card not sure why that's just what
came to mind that was it what are you
doing back foot very okay I'll do it
I'll try come on
how do a group shot
all right so we're done with this spot
move it on to the next don't know what's
happening what you want to say something
chip excuse me until I die guys out here
take your pen do my thing I will you
keep doing your thing oh I'm not safe
just cuz we friends put it it's not good
come on yeah all right so that was a
crazy session but a lot of the people
just dipped out max and the rest of the
Arizona guys left Gary and his crew left
so we're like about down to half size I
guess you can say but we're going to
some quarter pipe thing which I'm not
gonna really skate it but some stuff
will always go down of course always
does I'll be fun
to be a bit it is he's from Chicago so
sorry he's weird
Ron I am weird but you are from Chicago
I have front and wish I got Chicago has
nothing to do with weird there is
everybody we are here
hi my name's fine alright roll out do
you like the band double double double
comin yeah you look a filmer wizard who
are you go do a magic spell like smash
it on the ground and do a magic spell Oh
funny stuff I'm I can't do right now is
my droplet that sucks place got torn
down apparently we're done there's no
Mack we're done with this spot before I
even got there because it's been torn
down I don't know if the spot knew that
it's in LA but they are nism dee well
stalking my saying you gonna sing
did you tell I didn't I wouldn't say you
could but I I mean let's just literally
let's just cut to the next shot
hopefully they can do that Aaron Kyra's
behind me he lived in a really good
shake for his part yesterday take over
the world right now face times a little
guy so here's my wife and I just
realized that she is studying at school
on a Sunday too
so it's cool seeing her but after this I
got a FaceTime mom alright yeah it's
been cool but like for me personally I
haven't really didn't really do what I
wanted to do which is nothing nobody
fold it's just the way the Spotswood
paced I'm ridings grandma who's with to
talk to him
guys are maxima I tried you that in the
car at the next spot filling the spot
you hiked a mountain to realize didn't
it yeah alright so this is the time
where I have to text everybody and their
mom and their mom's dog where the spot
is it's gonna take me forever will you
send me the address
I have punched many home
are you kidding this is dead - we're
gonna go to a high school nearby and if
they tore down the high school I'm done
with California and I'm just gonna go
home
Doug this entails had do you want to
hang out in a fan all day yes Joe I mean
fear and loathing was your like come out
roll right it was
it's kind of what well it was people of
memory yeah government Nightmare on Elm
Street was yeah
this is a great gap this is the spot
that I would love to come at the
beginning of the day I'm gonna Holly
though you want to fill me so it it was
part let's take the ground he's awesome
it feels really cool and then there's
Doug's hair and Doug's here never this
mango pad or Aaron's trying a trick for
his video part and he's got it so I'm
sure he'll and that that'll be cool
people's way I'll feel a few tricks here
but we got to get start getting ready to
go back and you dinner and get ready to
go to the airport so I don't know how
long we're gonna be here
I've been kind of sitting here watching
the skating I don't live in filming much
Minnetonka Lamont and Lewis and now I'm
facetiming look who say high ridin yeah
so I'm gonna do this and we're gonna get
ready to go eat and go to the airport
what do you do today hang out with mom
oh we gotta go good hanging it's very
dirty this hero's really been pretty go
get food and that's where I'm gonna end
this this video but good food you guys
want to hear Brian stupid phone you're
about to does that not sound creepy we
are here at pinches this a dude is the
guy behind this and he gave me this
yesterday have a super nice of them it's
a hider for your photo it sort of do its
route that is nice I'm gonna put it
right on my phone
I'm gonna have a six plus that's what he
go that's awesome so they're called
Mongo pod and has some retro retro yeah
it's like my the reference for retro
yeah Thank You Justin forgive us - me so
check out more on this on with the info
down below but if you have like a he's
filled with yourself a lot this is
really cool to have so I'm gonna eat
this I'm gonna end the video right here
so you guys anything crazy skate day but
that is the lighthouse we got some stuff
done coming up it's a lot of fun I wish
I woulda got to skate war but always for
the next trip out here so thanks for
watching Johnny wanna say I am looking
forward to my next role as eater of a
large burrito
my poor tenants got torn down
unfortunately this place got torn dice
for everyone's hanging their place
forever many people so many people we
drove 30 minutes Road 30 minutes but
it's okay but it's alright we're gonna
find it really sick spot and I'm excited
hanging out with everybody I'm really
excited
wait what are you saying your hair looks
weird your hair looks weird
