YouTube what is up guys so my name is
Andy schrock I own and operate revived
skateboards and force wheels with my
good friend Brian Eames I did this
without any sort of knowledge about how
to start a company and I got through a
lot of weird dilemmas that arise as
you're doing this and I'm using my
knowledge to make a video to tell you
how to start your own company because I
get a lot of questions on how to do this
I actually did this video one other time
years ago but you know I have a little
more experience and wisdom if you may
since I've been doing this a little
longer I'm gonna give you the lowdown
hopefully a lot of you that want to
start your own company or project or
whatnots can take from this video and go
forth with a better you know mindset and
how to do it properly now keep in mind I
am just telling you what I've
experienced what has helped me so if
you're doing something vastly different
make sure you do your research and
actually I'll get to that in just a
second because research is the most
important thing you can do when starting
a company but a little bit about me and
what I do I started doing YouTube videos
okay I just did skateboarding skits
whatever goofy thing entered my head I
would make a video about it and I had a
lot of fun doing it I'm still doing that
to this day and it is a blast is
literally a life that I could never
thought imaginable and it's a dream come
true it really is but from my videos I
started getting requests for actual
skate product eventually one day I said
you know okay
let's do it so I started making
skateboards and I did it literally
knowing nothing so it's taken off it's
done been doing really well you know I
get to just make whatever goofy idea
comes in my head and I get to put on a
product and provide good quality skate
products to skateboarders all across the
world it's really awesome and then we
decided to do a wheel company so we do
wheels too we eventually open up an
online skate shop and then we sell
everything in it so it's a really big
project like you know he has the YouTube
videos which I do personally that helps
promote all of this there's a lot of
details that go behind making all of
this possible but I'm not going to get
to the details I'm just going to tell
you how to start the company and what
you need to do it to initially set it up
to do something like this now first off
before you do anything you're of course
going to have to come up with an idea if
you're watching this for information you
probably already have an idea but the
main thing behind this is have an idea
that you believe in okay don't just
start a shoe shop if you don't care
about shoes at all make sure you're
somewhat passionate about it it keeps
the drive going you know you want to be
doing something good with your life you
don't want to end up
job that you don't actually care about
doing you want to wake up and be sites
for what you're doing so with that said
have an idea that you care about and
then move to the next step which is
doing research I get so many questions
all okay how do I do this it's like a
random internet comment is not going to
get you the information you need okay
especially like when it comes to me like
I'm Way too busy to reply to my comments
I apologize I do my best because I work
a lot to add all that stuff but my point
is you might ask a person with the exact
same situation as me working a lot
raising a family all that stuff so do
your research use Google calm okay so
it's a great thing you can put anything
into Google calm and there will be
information coming back at you make sure
it's a valid source but if you do enough
research you're going to find out what
you actually need to do and especially
you're not gonna start a skateboard
company like maybe you're gonna start
anything because different operations
are going to have different things
required for them so do your research
and know what you're getting into okay
don't just don't just blindly go out and
start doing something you can't just set
up a shop on the corner and say like hey
I sell shoelaces who's buying okay you
could do that probably not to be that
effective okay so keep in mind do
research use Google calm or whatever
search engine you're using when you
shouldn't be because Google calm is the
best one now if you're selling a product
or a service of whatnot it's the same
thing as your idea believe in it okay if
you're gonna have a product have a good
product don't have a crappy product like
for instance Ardex we tested several
different wood distributors until we got
the right one same with the wheels like
we only sell stuff that we truly believe
in you know like have a good product
it's if you could have an awesome name
and image and whatnot but if someone
gets in the thing falls apart right away
it's not gonna be good okay so believe
in what you do across the board that is
the what I'm trying to say really if
you're confused on how to actually make
your product like no matter what it is
like like I said do your research you're
gonna find out like for instance if
someone told me how to make a bike I
have no idea how to make a bike but what
I'm do is I would go on there and find
people that make the frames you know
make the chains there's probably
somebody out there that makes the entire
thing and it's a starting point Elise
you know you guys you gotta figure out
what you want your price point to be
what you as the consumer would want to
purchase a bike for and then you're
gonna be like okay well if I'm gonna
sell it for that much because that's how
much I think it should be I need to find
someone to manufacture it or manufacture
it myself and have the cost at this
mount so I can actually make a profit
and keep this going you know I mean
obviously like the for like I said like
believe in what you do it shouldn't be
about money like I didn't start any of
this because of money I did it because I
wanted to honestly be doing something
with my life that I actually wanted to
do and you know we like boy your hearts
in the right place then you're just
probably doing the right thing and money
will come so don't think about it that
way but like I said do your research on
how to actually get these pieces and
think about how it's gonna how it's
going to come together to actually keep
the business going you'll notice I'm
getting tired of walking now I'm just
sitting on random things in the
warehouse now once you have your product
in mind or your service and what you're
going to be doing know your market okay
for instance if you're selling that bike
just specifically like 30 years and up
okay but I don't know I don't know what
kind of bike dowdy but I'm just saying
like if it's just for 30 year olds
enough
how are you know sell it to okay for
instance a lot of older generations
don't get on the internet as much so
maybe you should focus on retail or you
know or do a combination of both you got
to know how to I'm where to sell it and
you're going to know how to actually
advertise that now that in the social
media age it's very very easy to
advertise your products you can do it
very cheap and effectively if you use
your brain but with that in mind make
sure this promotions are actually
appealing to the your age range you know
your your what is that freaking word
what's that word you debit your
demographic okay you make sure wherever
you're putting your promotions and your
advertising it is going to your actual
demographic where should I sit next ramp
that was super easy if you're selling
online well it's very very easy to get a
very cheap free store we literally ran
our business off of a free online store
for at least a year a year and a half
and it worked just fine but when we
started getting more orders and growing
we kind of had to step it up and get a
more detailed more Brian what do you
call I don't know what words I'm trying
to say here a more intricate system to
handle a bigger you know list of
products blah blah blah blah blah more
orders all that stuff and then shipping
software incredibly helps you just
import all the orders and you print up
labels and then you stick them on
packaging you send them out at the very
beginning all that stuff is kind of
difficult to understand but like I said
do your research figure it out get it
get all your accounts set up and you can
make this happen you really can but the
important part of all this is know what
you're selling who you're selling it to
and how you're actually going to sell
the product or service to them
now as you're walking into the
battlefield of business if you may and
you're actually ready to start the
business you're going to need to do a
couple things you're going to get your
licenses set up okay for most typical
things you're going to want to get an
LLC okay that basically separates you
from your personal name from the
business so somebody had a problem with
your business they would go after the
name they wouldn't go after you they
would not be taking your new Ford truck
away or your collection of marbles it's
worth $10,000 okay they can't come after
you they go after the business because
it's an LLC so that kind of safeguards
you and then you want to trademark your
name I we learned this the hard way we
used to be revenge skateboards and we
weren't actually in a lawsuit or
anything we just kind of had the heads
up like oh we might not be able to use
this so we switched to revive so if you
look at the decks over here it worked
out well because the the same branding
carried over to revive and then actually
it created some hype and worked out for
the better for us and we came back as
revive like things just took off and it
was actually really really good we are
all about like the fun of skateboarding
like the positive side like just having
fun goofing off with your friends so the
name revived actually works better for
us anyway my point is that if we want to
be revenge we couldn't have been so a
trademark your name okay it's a process
and it's expensive okay you're gonna
have to have some money your devil gonna
have to have some money for all of this
actually because for instance starting
at a skateboard company you're going to
do a right you need thousands of dollars
you like need at least to do a bare
minimum order because most would presses
aren't going to let you just order ten
decks that's not how it works you're
going to have to order at least 50 and
so you need like a couple thousand
dollars for product to get it off going
and then you're going to need a couple
thousand dollars for a trademark buy
next part is get a lawyer okay which is
expensive a lawyer basically just has
like looking over everything to make
sure you're not screwing up and keeps
you safe and that's really smart too
okay it took us a while to realize that
we needed one what we did we just you
just feel better about the whole
operation you just feel like you're
going in knowing that you're not gonna
do anything too stupid because you have
somebody that does this for a living
watching you and making sure you don't
do that so there you go that was a lot
of information I know I hope I got all
of the main stuff out but the points
that I really want to stress on is get
your licenses and having a lawyer
extremely helps okay when it comes to
start-up like for instance revenge I
saved up some money I put some of it out
of pocket and I put some of on credit
cards and I made my money back like I
sold it now it's a profitable business
and we're doing good and growing
but certain things are expensive to
start okay you got to think about that
also make sure you're on top of your
taxes okay because when you're working
for yourself you're gonna put money away
so make sure you have that going in that
you are the money you make on a business
you're gonna have to pay taxes on so I
highly suggest don't even pay yourself
for the first year or two you know just
let the business grow that sounds awful
I know and you can make your own
decisions upon that but that's what kind
of helped us because there's a lot of
growing pains and as you grow you need
to order more product which gets more
and more expensive and it's a lot to
keep up with I did it I had no idea what
I was doing and I just kind of made a
lot of the right decisions because I did
my research and I went with what I
thought was right based upon that
research so keep your head keep your
head on your shoulders and don't get
discouraged okay because like I said
like I started this out of a basement
okay I was I was running out of basement
and it wasn't slow and a lot of work but
then all student took off and now I have
my own little private skatepark and we
have so many skateboards going out to
put the people that are really hyped to
be on a skateboard I love just creating
something like this in the skateboard
community it's a dream come true and it
could be your dream come true to just
you know figure out what you want to do
a funny thing is that I actually have a
video because I've been doing video
YouTube videos way longer than I ever
have been doing all this stuff so I will
go but I won't link at the end of this
video to see when I actually start
talking about like should I start an
actual skateboard company and it's kind
of funny to see me and what I talk about
is actually because I just watched it
before I watch this video when I talk
about actually nails how I feel about it
today and I was like wow I'm not really
had the great idea and I had a solid
vision on what I wanted to do because it
turned out really well
and I just want to say thank you you
guys I love love love doing what I do to
be working in the skateboarding world
and some fashion has always been a dream
of mine
and you know I walk into this room I
still can't believe that it exists I'm
like wow this was an idea and it
actually came to be so you do the same
thing okay believe in yourself come up
with your idea work hard do your
research and you can absolutely do
something like this okay
I had four jobs before I started this I
had a college education three jobs and
then YouTube so if you count YouTube as
job for but it was a lot of
I lost a lot of sleep and I still lose
sleep because I'm working hard to making
this still grow but it's it's been the
best ride ever so check out that video
at the end and good luck with your own
adventures see you guys in the future
because I do daily videos so hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
from me that's it
peace out guys
hey Brian if you had one advice to give
to a new entrepreneur owed you say ah be
aware of taxes okay talk to a good
accountant look at my face
pull your face I don't have your I don't
have the rice to put it in right now
learn can't see me
