youtube what's up guys yeah i have been
blowing it on announcing the giveaway
winners in the last couple weeks I'm
sorry I usually try to do those within a
week or so but uh my life's been very
crazy and i just also realized like oh
my gosh I haven't done that so I'm here
to hunt down some winners I did two
giveaways recently one for some mainland
gear which is a band that came into town
the hits in blogger so 11 and then I did
a give away with this with this trying
to get the thing I'm giving that away so
I'll leave that for last since a lot of
people probably wondering about that but
the first two runner-ups of the mainland
who won this EP has some of mainland's
jams on it and it's really really good
they're very catchy rock the first one
is Simon Stewart on Instagram is a
giveaway on Instagram Simon Stewart's
the second runner-up is terminal
underscore Lance at 1775 terminology
Lance 1775 you guys both won these
congratulations and then the grand prize
winner of the mainland shirts which says
aloha from the mainland
LOL from a lamb which is like a softer
shirt ever is chased case tunes the reg
is so much noise at case tunes okay on
in Syria so congratulations check your
direct messages on Instagram I hit you
up there and then the winner of this is
done to done where's the thing Robert
groove okay and Robert I already tried
to hit you up you two would allow me to
contact you so I found you in facebook
and I hit you up there so check your
direct message on facebook but
congratulations you won this I'll get
this out to you guys and that's it I'm
going to do more giveaways I know I have
a go no no I have an anchor giveaway
coming up and then I have an S footwear
shoes us shoes giveaway coming up so
look out for that real quick also riding
and I did a little drawing video which
the footage kinda came out weird you
couldn't see the drawings but we still
have actual drawings so i figured i
would still put these in orders and give
it to you guys and I'm really excited
that we're now carrying s here the
Shrike orders the next three pairs of
Swift's sold are going to get these in
it so any Swift's I mean any size
Swift's will get them this is a really
really one it's my favorite skate shoe
pretty much ever it's really durable you
can jump down gaps and it's still good
for tech stuff this is a gray color way
with a white to bottom and a super-sharp
ligand shoe I back the shoe so much so
the next three pairs that go out of this
we'll get these in it and for people
that order the fourth and fifth pair
whatever that don't get these in it you
still get a really good pair of shoes so
don't be bummed but that's it guys thank
you guys for watching my channel and to
take it out i'm gonna make Sam tabor
Jewish snow skate trick okay really you
willing sure all right you've got a
couple tries there's your face hi you
got a couple tries do a three flip on
that oh my god anything you do it three
tries three tries three tries for three
flip okay okay all right just so you
guys can see this here's the drawings
are really weird this is a guy running
away from a butterfly bry names and then
we got a raindrop that's falling on a
cat let's think about a hot dog and then
we have a t-rex eating a taco that's it
thanks for watching my videos guys I'll
see you next time
