you betcha we are what is up guys we
have a cost to root for right whoa yeah
we do no I anytime something's happening
a skateboarding where I can lend a hand
and help out I like to do that and John
is here with me and I like to think that
he like he thinks the same way I do
think the same way I'm very excited how
about it cause walk it off behind area
exactly so we have our good friend Bo
Mitchell see you there it was oh but no
he has an awesome skatepark he owns a
skatepark hick warehouse in South
Carolina and it's a non-profit
skateboard you can go there and skate
for free and that is amazing you've done
it before I have plenty of times it's
actually my local park back home so so
even more relevant that we're doing ism
so they're up to win a
ten-thousand-dollar grant that goes
right back into the skate park and we of
course want to do that so we're making
this video we're going to show you this
dude some tricks we're here to show you
this dude do some tricks and then in a
second but mainly I we just want to say
the breeze of this video is to go down
there click the link and go vote for a
kind act it'll take you to the page
where you need to vote click vote for a
contact y'all do a little security thing
where you type in like some weird
lettering to prove that you're human and
then boom you're voted and you support
an awesome cause that gives back to
skateboarding if you want to do your own
part of a first off vote of course but
then share this yourself you can go on
social media you can make a little video
but make an Instagram post a hick
warehouse will make that all easy on
Instagram just go to at hicc warehouse
that will be a link right down there for
that as well but please guys vote and
spread the word this is going to give
back to John's local park and then bows
the dude that runs that he's an awesome
guy and he's a very passionate scape
where yes so this is huge yeah so please
help out guys like I said anything to
support skateboarding that I like to
jump jump for and help out and then here
is some actual escaper oh this guy it's
gonna take no time at all because he's
really good at doing tricks all right
let's do you undo what you want to take
your pick obstacles I don't know uh how
about you began office informant okay
some stairs rigs oh I mean I like
surgery you do hope I haven't seen you
Skid that we don't wanna film the hub of
that much okay all right well what we
gonna do is you just start here then
grind and down it oh I got a text cuz
that just start with a back down uh I
don't
ramp which would be terrified sorry boo
Mitchell I cut your head off
no I like that and only then what's your
next trick he's doing hey what map shows
you absent will you say no I sent not
like a nollie nose side note
you're good morphix nollie flip crooked
grind my foot hurts
whoa I for what he said 50 50 from in my
head I was like always gonna do a fakie
nosegrind like that is insane I don't
know yeah if you want to let me look at
the money
dude I knew you bleach your hair for
some reason no slide not only no side to
show never done anything well today's
the day Oh for the Ender you're gonna
get the smooth yeah you kinda look like
a butterfly there you go dude thank you
high fives uh whatever yea vote for hick
warehouse for the kind snack giveaway
okay her bed don't sing I don't think
it's a snack giveaway it's for kind
snack dude look on your Instagram roll
I've never been wrong before you don't
want time I thought was Ramadan's
mistaken okay you're good I'm right kind
healthy snacks is doing this donation
for a freaking good cause for
skateboarding so vote right down there
that's it and just note when you go to
bed tonight John was wrong but he also
just did the trick like kind of cancels
that out so he's kind of right pay
attention I thought you put your hands
up like I watch it oh we're laughing but
the video is about to end
yeah um I'm gonna watch the footage okay
I'm telling you hey did you know that
had no idea you had no idea no I still
don't know that you're calling me well
problem hey you should add me on myspace
I got you
