all right I'm ready go go where dude
dude dude hey get down from there come
on gosh warehouse Wednesday that hurts
so much this week I don't know why but
kicking the door jumper did you you guys
you got down really fast how fast I was
like I ran dude yeah that was really
fast
Wow it was a Justin moniker Justin Lana
Kerr this I this guy right here I'm
terrified with you I am - I'm terrified
of it every week I just that was really
mean to be no no sorry no when I write
my will that I give you something
give me another another man test kind of
thing not man test kind of it you know
what someone in the comments was like
what it was gonna be man it's like why
can't be a woman they'll give us a girl
it'll be a woman test yeah hi anyways
you are good at doing tricks thank you
kinda you have to do ten of them okay in
ten minutes
and between gives you five push-ups and
five jumping jacks oh you intended ever
yells no we're trying to get it you
shave your face and the warm-up you have
to do three tricks I don't have to
refigure necessarily what you have to do
it very sloppy it's sloppy as can be
okay so obvious way you can pause me I
wanted to be so sloppy that every trick
is called a Joe okay sloppy joes that's
good that's good that's good okay okay
so ten fakie tricks like I didn't listen
with also what you got to do is you got
to do ten tricks okay they all gonna be
fakie because you are a master of fakie
and between every one of those tricks
you got to do five push-ups and five
jumping jacks okay like you mean it
Lisa inside you warm up with three
sloppy joes and you're good to go if you
freaking do this he will play guitar and
sing if you do not do this he'll my
guitar and say I was like if he did it
would probably amazing like he was like
you look like the next like your Neil
Armstrong or something all right you
guys ready I'm ready sir what do you uh
what do you how are you feeling right
now uh not too bad
I mean I've already had the thing twice
I mean I guess I'm I got a thing like
are you good at it yet what singing yeah
nothing ma'am good hey the pumpkin came
down from the roof oh really
whoa why was there water in it no all
right so it's a new day and a new life
and a new time okay Bryan's finally
nothing on YouTube you know what are
your three shirts gonna be
I don't know yet Holly again warming up
we're warming up via sloppy joe come on
bait was your first officer rail
it's a song is on falling in I just like
it's amazing that looks like a very
pleasure all water that was like just
smooth this trick you've ever landed hey
baby
hold this here hold me what you did
exactly what I did but I fell yeah
I shouldn't have to teach you these
things lon occur there you go I was
sloppy
good job thank you go from the water
okay rhinos no idea look at Brian oh oh
it was great Pentax was it a 50/50 180
out technical yeah it was yeah well
that's good because it was so sloppy it
wasn't with the right trick that that
was completely great one more trick nope
didn't land it yeah I mean that felt
like it was just being like was that a
sloppy no it was like it was better it
was like super clean and like
surprisingly difficult to do yeah we're
not gonna we're not gonna go easy on you
be sloppy
I felt like lately quarry there yeah
that's exactly as I point I mean he did
the same sloppy every time but we'll
take it so there are some rules of these
faking huge that I forgot to point my
finger at you and say back out there you
cannot do a fakie boardslide that is
insulting to everybody and all the
taxpayers and you also cannot do flat
ground flava tricks okay it has to be
tricks that you would write the
president about the second grade okay
cool okay that's one are you ready to do
this that's a dream easy way to put that
we said ten minutes right okay get your
wallet out and get the time set what's
the first fakie back fifty the box pack
up and go
time for skittles
thank you got eight minutes left I'm
just kidding it's a lie you probably got
a bunch yes it not a start of a district
Kelley that he didn't lock it he did not
know again yeah keep going
that is it that was it pause the time
for the push-ups because we said you
have ten minutes do the tricks you get a
high five for one here - high five
and you five push-ups and the other five
jumping jacks ready can you do it to me
like you mean okay alright sir -
wow that's hot time back on piggyback
five he's gonna thank you back nosegrind
yeah okay another thing you make five
all right well um first try good bond
old see we do push-ups yeah I mix it up
little two three four okay
is it already bad yes - Vicki Curtis
okay
fakie just which grow
yeah you do any mine behind me
oh it's good that's letting these
back-to-back yeah getting work out thank
you okay
he tried to tell me his trick and he's
out - out of breath you good no fakie
nosegrind then taking hung up yes
once you're happy you know pick your
nose grind the other way I get a new
rule that you have to do to at least two
obstacles yeah okay good yeah you're
darn right let's see what he's doing
here now to his jumping jacks have
vastly improved not as push ups know
what I think I'm gonna dump the 150 uh
please hear me you're gonna be ripped
after this yeah totally gonna take a
look next time he's doing the push-ups
is gonna be awful
hear what I'm gonna take a look it's
gonna be disgusting I thought you were
doing the box
Oh Miguel has dared pushed oh okay this
takes a little more exciting what are
you about five tricks he's at four
oh yeah we need to do one where we make
someone like do jumping jacks between
every miss hi Ryan has everything to
lose from this uh uh hate to see you go
buddy goodbye John see you soon so I
think you dub like bud oh yeah no idiot
you're good
ten bucks whew that was good that was
good
oh yes six minutes 37 seconds left give
six minutes six and a half you're ahead
of schedule
Wow frontside half cab three four
seconds four seconds of pop there yeah -
are you ticklish horrible so you're not
know so I just take with you for another
reason that was gross and disgusting
gosh what are you doing is going wrong
baby Trey I can't even have a good day
now from doing that and they're not
having any effect like that's just like
the worst I feel like a poor person so
mean okay
I told you was gonna fakie Ryan it's so
bomb
what is he at 6 minutes and 16 seconds
he's not at 7 I came to play that I
can't I already jumping kick examples Oh
success are you ticklish yeah we have 3
minutes and 45 seconds
I believe my can climb no no no those
aren't good push-ups those are not good
push-ups there you go yeah yeah alright
well that that's tonight combined those
are good enough we're going baby news
pinkie nose around the hub we've got 3
minutes and 22 seconds to leave my pan
fly whoa have you ever done that were
you trying that one day yeah you could
if you wanted you could if you wanted
you quartz it finds heart is beating
it's not it isn't it
looks good if he fell on his head and
got knocked out I think you'd be psyched
no a solid pop is needed time ten
million fifty a minute fifty you totally
have this that would be good that will
be very good
I'm hype it's got a minute
you have to let this right here to make
this happen at least try to land this I
thought you were gonna lose and that
sucks dude I give you the bangles right
now you never know I gotta get still
lose like losing any moment I don't
think it enough time to do two tricks he
is cramming
I'm just and you're exhausted you're a
great guy I would totally hire you to
sing my wedding I like you so much
better now that I didn't know Ã¡then
less than that I got hey to you for 10
minutes are you cool down let me get up
drink water and I'll hand the tray okay
do you want to shoot I'll get you water
I'll get your water buddy all right so
you lost you're gonna embarrass Brian
which would have made me immensely happy
yeah but you lost we're going to give
you a chance to do the trick before you
have to play a song for us today is a
wonderful day congratulations you did it
thanks man we are you leap dude do we
put
just a lot of your sucks he sucks Ram I
had a son
right okay that was the song I'd cut my
finger
handling guitar I cut my finger not in
there so sit on the hip Casey says a
word okay say words a word whoo blue
what is your friend that lives in New
York's middle name I don't know okay so
blue I don't know those are the lyrics
that you have to say in this song okay
that's how he has to start it you want
to pick no okay you ready yeah I'm on my
three-peat right here okay I don't know
how to fakie
I didn't land the tricks again I still
hate Brian I might beat him up after
this video I don't know
now it's pretty special that's a good
one
I'd you're getting more confident with
it though yes I'm gonna use power in
those cords out I know
hi hey hi how are you
you are more you are more confident than
Brian Eames because you do that you sing
every time and we appreciate it and your
info to your channel because you have a
channel and you do YouTube videos is
right down there yep there it is how
you're seeing jaws yeah
