YouTube I recently hit 800,000
subscribers that's a lot isn't it right
yeah it's and whatever you celebrate
yeah how are we gonna do it um Yoga is
math making in math that is not gonna
happen we did that the last two times I
think Allen ATP you're gonna you're
gonna take me but we're gonna do a
special cake first okay we've got a
really good idea so let's go into the
warehouse and get some of the guys
involved and this is going to be fun
isn't it mwah
let's go and I'm going walk like that on
this trip you're gonna love me okay I
love you right now I love your backpack
oh well yeah I left my backpack too is
pretty amazing oh my back oh yeah I'm
gonna race you I'm gonna win to win
another win here's my hand touching the
door okay you definitely won that thing
are you okay yeah you grab that cake
carefully and let's walk over here okay
got these four $2.80
it's not a lot for a whole cake that's
super cheap Brian how would you like to
drive in a car and cake me in the face I
would like to do that very much though
it's a drive by caking it's only two
dollars to our lady sense like the best
deal ever Ryan you could be a filmer
we're gonna do a drive-by caking does
that sound like a fantastic idea now
let's do it with army music okay so we
got two in case we mess up Casey you
want to grab your car and then meet us
around back all right let's go that's
the old that is the old warehouse yeah
metal you got 50 boxes Garrett out there
I'm going to enjoy this don't hit me
that hard dude I mean you driving a car
you could like really smash me in the
face yeah like I don't want a broken
neck remember that time you kicked a
soccer balls hard you get in my face
yeah
I didn't mean to do that if you want to
kick that
cake as hard as you can at my face
you've already why does he say BER with
you literally picked up a random friend
yeah he really I'm about to get drive-by
way to crap brothers riding through
fries alright um hi cuz a new Brian
would go for gosh darn it have a go
alright let's go to the parking lot
riding don't step in the mud look a car
ad ah if you need a car buy a nice ah
goodbye did you just get it you just
take his car a little bit I mind a
little bit right you stay right by that
bag anybody in just alright this is it
this is it this is drive-by cake
you might have broke my nose
that felling a ton of bricks dude I
think his force was way worse than the
actual car going
sumit on his face saber not my head all
of my head it's on my face it feels like
you broke my nose
go and do it that was on right how
awesome was that
no no dude he loves taking so much that
I'm gonna let him kick me too you want
to use the secret blue cake alright
we'll go get that that was amazing was
that good on your Angola yeah okay see
I'm sorry there's cake on your car oh my
gosh I haven't seen my face yet it's
pretty good it's whew you got me got you
good it was really good I got myself too
okay so bonus cake my little guy is way
too obsessed with caking actually likes
getting caked in the face but I'm
already messy so he's taking me let's go
ridin it look like to face I kind of do
the cake fakie k2 cake I don't know I'm
done no no no no no no kata the riders
gonna smash you for no no that's not his
cake look at that
rider that's not the cake buddy okay I
just thought you were gonna cake me so
my first my first thing was to kick it
on oh look at my camera Brian Eames are
you cleaning my camera Los Angeles bus
oh man look at my camera are what are
you doing right now
I'd open up you're gonna clean my camera
I don't I don't care about me all right
Ryan get over here in the grass please
don't drop that
all right ridin cake me in the face that
felt like a brick it didn't do it like
literally like do this come on really
smash it anybody
it okay okay okay all right we got the
worst cake ever at least you get to eat
it pretty hey guys
FedEx if you want to ship your packages
FedEx I'm just kidding this is not
sponsored by FedEx - get over here so we
just started talking hey smooth smooth
hands watch it don't pick that up again
guys I just want to say thank you so
much I don't do this every time it
probably sounds like the same thing I've
always said but you guys are the very
best I never thought in the moon years
that I would get to eight hundred
thousand subscribers the people that
want to watch my videos we have a blast
making them that's just a piece of
cardboard created and uh we will
absolutely love doing it don't get any
ideas out of my gosh kid I'm gonna keep
making them and just thank you so much
for mama my heart you guys make my life
possible and it's completely changed my
life I know it's the same stuff that
everybody everybody says on YouTube or
not but I mean it you're watching bad
boys you don't need to do that you guys
are the best I love you ridin come say
goodbye to YouTube bye guys I'm the cake
guy you have to Lee is a cake guy all
right stop kicking the cake buddy
that sucked that was the worst caking
I've ever had my life thanks to you like
you smashed me it was like in inside my
essence of me and then I smashed your
camera now you try for hammer like
lightnin that's pretty good but your
camera works and it's clean we think we
think for now for now it works is clean
you
