Ryden right guess what time it is it is
skateboard time Brighton's have worked
with me today with it what was that
surfing right it's a work of me today
and he wanted to draw on my grip tape
Wow
but we are of course that's my face
that's that's my beard tape so I told
him I said let's do some skating and
then if he lands a new trick you can
draw in my grip tape okay you'd have to
do a really good trick to get a new
board can I do it one is if you do a 180
you could totally have a board okay you
actually haven't skated in a while so
let's just go through your old tricks
and see what you can do okay all right
you can do that you're but you've a
bigger body now run over here get your
board hey that's my finger board I know
all right you're gonna need this surfer
kind of here dad put it on it's not the
right way yeah it is
just like the wet right why don't you
have me sign your helmet can I love you
oh I wasn't trying to fish fur and I
love you but that was pretty sweet all
right your first task is to skate to
that wall as fast as you can yeah yeah
Wow you're doing it keep going don't hit
that you're gonna hit that
hey you're turning okay you technically
didn't make it to the wall and that you
nice sit down
good sit down all right hey baby leaf
trick whoa all right all right I'm gonna
getting awesome angle do it so little
rusty aren't yet you got it right here
though get it good job good job down
that was easy
oh look you look like a puppet
man damn you okay let me check your
vital signs okay do you have 20 fingers
okay no you're not a mutant that's good
oh you caught that didn't you how is
your arm broke no it's better now all
right hey can you do your Jason Park
jump all right stand up let's see it
yeah spread your feet out different
buddy I feel big but you can do it right
all right all right let's see it
that was a cliffhanger I didn't know
about you were gonna roll we're not I'll
see the acid drop yeah oh my gosh yeah
don't do don't flip it did oh you're
right I'll use paid a hand they made the
ground
well don't hit my foot now my foot hurts
okay here give me your just a foot
hitter
ah jump out wasn't the tiptoe ballerina
landing piggy there we go good job dude
we also forgot to jump cried there give
it four tries because we need to get to
the new trick third and five tries to
find rest I want you to run like a Power
Ranger I don't know if Power Rangers run
that fast but I imagine they can so do
it make sure your legs or feet are
spread out you phone like that before
haven't you yeah you like diamond knees
right and yeah cuz they're just really
strong clearly run like the Ninja
Turtles and they can run I've seen him
run like anywhere he looked out of it
not really but it looks like your feet
wanted to the Avengers they could fly
some of them can fly so fly like The
Avengers let's do it
okay don't even try it like that that's
don't ok run like the Avengers never try
a skate trick just going we run like
Garfield getting fed what you know what
Garfield is yeah you know what I don't
love her she loves food yeah
so imagine hit lasagna you love it oh
yes exactly
all right we'll just go to the new trick
you click you're bored tried to attack
you for the new trick I want you to
practice a few Ollie's and then I'll
show you what the new trick is jump up
over it ok that was good you're gonna
stand here and you're gonna try to pop
shuvit off the box button you can hold
my hand to learn ok it's actually easier
than you think put your foot on your
tail
ok now shove it it vote there you just
did that this is what you want to do
okay thanks oh that was better
Power Shovel hey why don't you just you
know the thing you were doing like when
you were trying to shove it and you came
out of it is almost as if you like came
out of a grind do that without holding
on and that's like a new maneuver at
least oh that's good there you go you
just do like a back Smith you're doing
really good ok
no you'll get that when you landed all
right this fingers gonna tickle you
until you don't land ok hey don't you
tickle me don't you
is your arm busier okay are you frozen
in space and time and I know that
doesn't seem like it's a new trick when
you're learning how to grind and stuff
it's gonna be that much easier to get
out of it okay okay
did the helmet make your head itchy are
you ready to draw my skateboard
all right where's here's mine let's go
you put your helmet your board let's go
to the office I'm driving my dad says he
wants to draw bagel on a skateboard all
right what colors you use it yeah all
right you're drawing right there oh
that's a very long scape make the nose
and tail Wow oh I see how you do it
there's only two bolts silver okay oh I
see what you did there that's smart
he can he put light bolts on this dad is
so off-center look at this weird bagel I
need to draw him that is a big fat baby
verse what was he eating to make him
gain weight in his tail
yeah he's gonna make it through this
there you go
yeah I need his tail is officially
bigger than its time no good guys bicep
I hope his face looks like a cat those
eyes there you go that was a cat look
this is actually kind of looks like a
cat feeder kind coming off the board
look human flesh big toe right there the
way it's going I know anybody I've gone
that visual they do that hello here it
is
I know I needed like something a little
right and you wrote I love you too I
heart you dad
laughs I know that's what the heart gets
right and Bango on a skateboard
thank you dude I might have to retire
this to put it up on that wall cuz it
means something to me well that was a
fun skate day wasn't it it's been a
while since he's skateboarding so you
had to gain a lot of your old tricks
back and then you learned it'll new
maneuvers
I'm proud of you buddy I love you oh we
hope you guys enjoyed this video so it
has been a while since we've had a
little father-son skate video and
especially when it gets warmer I'm sure
we'll be out more and is he's growing
he's gonna get better at using that
skateboard so thank you guys for
watching I do videos all the time if you
want to see more from me just the
subscribe button right below the video
and he's in at least one video a week
sometimes more and we have fun with many
videos don't ya I love you
peace out blah blah blah oh and then we
have an online skate shop if you guys
relate to skateboard you can get all
your street
right there yeah we work the offices but
the link is right down there it's the
Shred course calm thank you guys for
watching if you can go out in the
skateboard do it if not um play with a
game that you can skateboard inside I
don't know
here's Brian's face what you just stared
at me for
alright buddy better guys
what thanks buddy
love you air hug
all right arrow YouTube goodbye
