youtubes what is up guys so I did the
time lamp script a part video with Brian
named Sonia lightsaber and I told you
guys JP was up next well now is this
here JP this is JP what's up he's a
super super talented artist he does a
lot of things actually but more what
you'll probably known for is a lot of
the revived decks like the 8-bit series
you crush those the ha the Fall Series
and so much he does so so much the good
life bad life like pretty much like all
of last year was JP he's hanging out
with us this weekend and I was like I'm
gonna doing griptape video and I was
like it make sense for him to do a grip
tape video so uh he's gonna do it and I
have challenged him to draw Mario
skateboarding got it
are you up for that totally up for all
right so we were hodgepodge of paint
pens which some of have seen better days
because when I use them I just grind
them down because we're drawing on grip
tape have you ever drawn on grip tape
before
no okay well it's funny your pain kind
of painting yeah it's interesting to say
the least but he's way better in life
than me so is it do it we're gonna talk
about a time-lapse it and then we're
gonna give you a chance to win the deck
and we'll explain that at the end of the
video so that is it I'm gonna I'm gonna
get switch out lenses and JP is gonna go
at it
Mario skateboarding your mark is gonna
have some yellow skin we need like a
flesh colored paint pen
alright Mario let's go time
Oh
and
dun-dun-dun look at this he is America's
on that's amazing I appreciate how he's
actually like skating he's literally
skating grip to like it's like oh yeah
having a script day but I mean it was
good the group David group tape the grip
tape is grip tape it's amazing
boom this was really good you killed a
dude congratulations
get the handshake you know you do
something good when like a friend
handshake students in high fives there's
a really long handshake too right
but yeah a little I mean like I expected
this to be amazing and it is even
amazing her so uh JP killed it if you
guys want a chance to win this he's
going to give away on his channel he
recently started doing YouTube videos do
one week one week at least one week
that's our that's your your bareback
minimum I am actually in the video he's
putting up this week so by the time this
is posted will actually be in the past
I'll go find me in his video but he puts
new videos on a regular basis and he's a
really good dude and he's going to
continue to do revived force and all
that stuff so thank you for what you do
welcome do you want to do the og
subscribe or die it's been a long time
dude is it how it goes then yeah that'd
be it that's okay or do I usually just
punch the camera like yeah and like
subscribe or die oh and that assumes in
subscribe or die
right now you can come give you a
reaction I missed you no I really just
want to throw a pill about you that is
amazing hey looks like skating shoes
yeah I was just trying throw a pillow at
you Brian still react to the board react
oh you can't has a thing on the Internet
oh right no I think they said oh you
know the giving you you can react again
I was gonna make a channel reacting to
their reactions it'd be amazing we
called react react we're done right yes
well your face look at it
you
