YouTube welcome to vlog astone 12 okay
my house is a mess I've had a crazy day
so far
alright I've been running around
stressed I leave for California in 36
hours haven't done any laundry I haven't
done any prepping for that at all and my
right nostril is stuffed up okay just my
right one least got my left but still my
gosh it's annoying it's been crazy okay
I had a meeting about a TV commercial
that I can't really talk about just yet
this morning so hopefully that'll be
cool try and run around with my head cut
off pretty much like a chicken is that
what people say either way I'm getting
ready to go back to shred quarters I was
already there this morning now I'm going
back I'm gonna skate a little bit I
gonna film a video but then we're
eventually gonna be at Ali's skate park
it'll be with dudes so it'll be a lot of
fun I'm gonna take you guys along for
the ride and that's it I just had to
type an email and I've sent it it was a
very important email about a project
that's really big and I can't talk about
just yet but it's outside the YouTube
world I'll tell you that that's all I'm
saying hopefully I have more to tell you
on this eventually I'm sick of the dark
if I just put it this may be way better
but I'm done talking so let's get in the
car and drive to strikers
okay I'm here I'm that Shrek horse I'm
gonna go side everybody Brian shave your
beard
Brian shave your head I'll shave your
glasses Jordan shave your mustache
Casey grow a beard crying so I walked in
and Jordan has a bag of a wonderfulness
for me I thought I thought that's
Brian's target stuff was a person
staring at christmasing if you just look
at the LCD that's what's recording I'm
gonna be so high dude how do you
internet bub
that's a hug that's a hug you're the man
Andy something sick I'm nothing compared
to you yeah that was the best present
I've got in a very long time man Mary
Mary Late Late Late Chris Mary lateness
oh dude
best game ever it literally looks like a
screen I was playing it people would
think that I'm actually playing this
dude you were amazing
yeah yeah yeah kid Brian what did you
get for Christmas I got a mug a Zelda
mug I did did you know that my president
was vastly better than yours yes it was
I saw before you saw I know I know you
did I assumed you did but like I mean
like I'm friend drinking clearly like
I'm a little more important to really
are no rules
I'm but yours like I know everybody
outlines like wow they're really
freaking out about a pillow which is
like the most fun masculine masculine
thing you can do in your life do they
chose like the best I know the burgers
job dude all right so you and me got a
plank of escape right names yeah we'll
figure that out in a second so that'll
probably be a Monday I think this goes
up Saturday so two days watch out for
that and then I've got to go actually I
have a package I got to give you
something and I've got a package that I
need to open up in my office is this a
vlog vlog for the day my poem is never
gonna be erased Oh
why'd you keep talking I assume Brian
Ames would freak out when I put my hand
on his face but he kept talking like I
said feel like he was gonna go a
lifetime is lips like move on my palm of
my hand
but it was so gross oh you embraced it
oh you so we got a trans rule today and
I made the unfortunate mistake of
touching you with my pens
it's the second I touch this I
immediately wipe my hand and everything
coming off I've turned them inside out
so I don't accidentally touch it okay
well okay so there's this material and I
didn't know Brian Eames is bugged by
this too but would I touch it or I hear
it right like especially mine if you rub
that together I would just Ribble up and
die I don't want to do that but it like
sends chills up my spine
oh my Jimmy said it down never touch it
again we have nothing against Transworld
I like what you guys do we have to burn
this okay we're burning right now do we
have a lighter
I mean don't play with fire all that
stuff except we're about to play a fire
but like we're adults right we're
allowed to do this I feel bad for a shot
like you no one who's gonna see this no
one is going to touch I shot no they're
not then I'm gonna rip it off and doing
it I did immediately broke the front of
a gun all yeah I hope they never make a
magazine like this never ganks I'll have
subscription or just like have hire
someone to like rip the covers off yes
exactly need only have a pre rip for me
and her here maybe be great if it just
wasn't
it does not smell good smells like
depression it does Fung if you're like
16 or younger or eight I don't know
however young you want to be get your
parents to do it for you don't
understand oh don't get burned dude this
is like one of those see here just kick
it I'm gonna kick it I'm okay it is out
we talked about it's cool it's out not
on fire anymore goodbye okay throw this
into a video my blog best is a video by
the way yeah long I have to say it every
single episode it's not a cool word okay
let's just put that out there that's put
that our shirt say no to vlogs and I'll
wear it in a fall last year I may I got
in contact with Adam LZ LZ b MX that
dude
okay he's an awesome guy super nice guy
and he runs a BMX brand he's a talented
BMX series or successful youtuber and an
all-around good dude and he sent me a
shirt and I actually sent him a shirt we
traded shirts I guess every made and he
packaged it in the strongest envelope
known to man my gosh I'm just pulling
little pieces out Wow what today that's
a picture of me holding the
skateboarding his brand on it says an LG
BMX that is awesome
wow dude they're packaging rules bright
you should look at those packaging that
Adam done Rosie be nice job it is look
as a shirt I'm gonna wear it on your
face
that should yeah good thank you thank
you
Thank You Adam oh did your picture did
your picture of me whoa lanyards I'm
going to give this to my wife because I
don't like to use minors I'll be honest
too but thank you thank you that was
super nice of you
whoa stickers oh oh that's it
no is that one of them is that one of
the evils to all it is it's different
it's different
oh it's different but it's not oh my god
it's terrible
which is the best thing ever the thing
that ran this sticker is made of the
same stuff as the Transworld was that's
the only singer like that oh I like this
it's nice leave it I like it
thank you thank you Adam that was super
nice of you I'm going to burn that one
sticker that feels like death but the
lanyards awesome keychain awesome this
you're the best dude if you guys are a
fan of BMX or whatnot check him out
online I'll put his channel down in the
info supercool do deal he does blog and
lifestyle stuff so you're never going to
be a mix it'll probably entertaining for
you so thank you I will wear this I'm
totally wear this all right so we're
gonna film a game of skate for my
channel and then we will jump back on
here I'll probably ahead Dali's really
shortly after that so either way it's
gonna cut and something else gonna
happen that was a very hard game of
skate but it's done watch out for it on
Monday
we're gonna go to Ollie's and do some
traditional science skateboarding oh my
gosh let's go do it how many she had all
this all right what do you think the
odds of me and hurting my toe is I don't
know I love you I've told you guys about
it the like I tweaked my toe there and
I've been off this is the first day back
after like three days and it doesn't
feel good which it's my left big toe
that's nice it does it's like now your
toes like sometimes like flick off the
side of your board like with like a lot
of like pressure dance and some if that
happens it's I might be out done longer
hopefully not the weekend I'm going to
California's begin so that'd be awful
it's like making that with a tic tac or
ear fry names we're here to you remember
this place
I've been here I've never been hey my
grip tip is not dirty at all
Holly's skate park
whoa all right we get spoiled with the
heat inside mortars it's on you that's
happening would you want to do a feeble
grind yeah sure well hey use your back
Chuck okay
Tommy hey ah why you're hurt
Hey
that was your best trick that ever done
right in it way too long I'm sorry
I believe right now there you live it
here
take the pop of the first one with the
cleanliness of a second one and I did a
really good cheer your nose was an inch
off League around the entire time I got
like 20 minutes I would not blame you
never good I've been trying to film it
for years I might have landed one I've
never done on film here that's how the
thing I was talking about in the car
just happened
what's your tow thing yeah we like your
toes I have a lot of pressure and they
just like flip off yes I think I'm like
I've really hurt myself I just did that
so I'm done all right sucks I got a lead
for California in 30 hours
hey 30 hours we're now yeah Wow
I don't like either of them okay I both
think they're I think they're wonderful
human beings one is cooler than the
other but I'm not gonna say which though
I like that yeah I like that which now
everyone's good now they're both wonder
like wow Andy's name might be a jerk
go home now
this video right here Saturday later
guys
14 garbage pans in a row ah we're here
tradition very blunt and I am dieting so
I got to eat like something not a lot
down your hair what document so we ate
and I forgot to I forgot that you were
here at all guys I'm sorry but it was a
good salad
I had a salad that happened but I'm
gonna go home and I'm gonna drop these
guys off and I'm gonna go see ridin
before I end this video here dude I
gotta check my Lamborghini account they
work so we can figure goodness it's been
a fun day just like the good old days it
really was like the good old days
yep here by Casey see that thing outside
that was chasing me yeah it's crazy it
was a car owes me
hey who are you hey buddy come here give
me a hug come here what are you doing
are you sitting in your blocks your
train track daddy hey buddy hey I have a
foot all right so I'm ending this video
here so I can hang out with this guy for
the rest of the night that's not a good
plan are you mean mugging the camera
okay we can hang out pop off do I say
anything to YouTube bye bye bye bye bye
bye bye
that broke
and then they like grab people in
Pullman what I like the eyeballs can
make the eyeballs happen again
hey make it bite my hands oh he's gonna
bite you
