YouTube's what's up guys we're doing the
top five in the car okay with this guy
what's your name it's Chris yes his name
is Chris he has a last name - it's right
here
yeah so this literally is like the third
time we've tried to do this but we're
doing it right now because we're in a
van yeah yeah okay so dude you almost do
Bret Novak
you almost accelerated the glasses off
my head ice give him some categories
he's gonna give me the top five favorite
things in that category are you ready to
do this ready final answer yes okay but
no we got to do a skate one right off
the bat and you like literally have to
answer this will do top five flip tricks
okay
switch backside flip hard flip kickflip
tre flip that was the correct answer I
was five
no that was the form just saying three
flip was definitely it was it was for it
okay you got one more big flip big flip
can you stop running over people
I only doing what you asked me to do now
is do the same thing but we'll go top
five grinds okay five grinds your slides
back Smith back tail back nose blend
back in 1809 good one nice
oh that would yeah that one came on
nowhere geez I've seen you do it and
you're that it um Christian
top five actors oh this is hard okay
take a second you figure this out Jim
Carrey should be on there yeah yeah
Christopher Walken
ooh good I mean I grew up like watching
the James Bond series so here's the
Pierce Pierce Brosnan yeah I'd like my
hero I knew you're gonna say that
Goldeneye it's like the perfect movie
yeah that's that movie with my life
before skating you played 64 right yeah
good we should totally have like a shred
quarters Goldeneye tournament one hand
kill destroy Brett you you want to get
the rest we'll make a video of it
Goldeneye CC for shrek we're turning in
okay but you got one more well that was
pretty funny
oh yeah it's first you're meeting like
that he's like super likable top five
places in the world
why Strasbourg in France but Paris
Australia oh yeah went through I'm not
gonna say Los Angeles well you let your
home yeah I mean it makes sense I mean
yeah la la oh oh gosh you're right we
are you all right top five foods I
really like seafood so every time I go
to Mexico we get like cocktails what
wait what right yeah you like seafood so
you go to Mexico yeah and TJ in Tijuana
we get like really good cocktails like
oysters all right so seafood spaghetti
dude when we get next time your system
the best place to take you you will cry
you should cry right now
what else do I like you like pears yeah
thank you
yeah no this is good as your killed it
yeah like lobster and crab that's that
you can do that baby that lobster crab
coconuts pasta pears and coconuts is
that it I'm gonna make that for a meal
for you one day the weirdest meal ever
okay there's Andrew
top five animals because you have like
the cutest dog in the world named link
Oh Zelda monkeys I've always wanted a
monkey I has one too it would be like a
best friend yeah I like bums traps Oh
elephants I really
I think elephant might be my favorite
animal I just like how big they are but
how like humble and they're majestic
calm they are yeah well they seem yeah
yep dogs are cool dr. cool have a cat
but we can't what was here's their mean
dude
they're very me lately but you held one
right yeah nice it was probably like six
top five things to do besides
skateboarding video games going out into
nature one hiking sir
just looking at my phone that's good
I'll put that with with the nature stuff
reading oh good making videos and like
writing it's a passion of mine so it's
like brainstorming come up with ideas
and friends and like videos that's good
top five ways to die you smile and
you're like I have an answer for this I
saw a dude overdosing on stereo Wow
there we go pretty thought that's
amazing that was like the most ready you
were for a question by the way that's
not a static yeah now you just love
cereal did try something on taro yes
well she would I knew you would probably
not but boy I was gonna die I would go
that would be an awesome I knew it I've
always thought like hauling off a
building would be nice yeah I just like
the best trick city land without like
landing on your head yeah like I tried
the backside of the Empire State
Building it go figure I died trying to
go to space without a space outfit too
good this maze up it you would explode
in space employed okay
okay imploding in bloating in space you
got two more this is actually hard
spaghettified in a black hole
spaghettified in a black hole that's a
thing apparently yeah it's the the lip
going over to a black hole that would be
an awesome way to die beautiful this
picture me for a second like yes and
will you like pasta - so that completely
works yeah I was just his mouth and
trying to climb Mount Everest or
something
oh yeah there'll be Admiral I'm
surprised you can say old age old age
like that's like the most normal like
just to fall asleep oh yeah yes like a
painless one well I guess we got to top
5 favorites Cape Wars
Shane O'Neill to mark suits you lemon
lemon 7 put it off grudge Danny fan
I think you're done dude we cut you off
I was five you keep naming all right
sampei but you weren't on there I
shouldn't be there all this just five
Sam tapers now but since do you like
video games you top five video games but
you got to do it in a British accent I'm
kidding just do it right here
counter-strike you played that was the
first answer I mean that's the game in
fact of it means something to you yeah I
don't know anything about it I just know
that you make fun of it and you like it
at the same time oh yeah everyone it's
raining so I said rinse give it started
break okay I know see that's how bad
were inscape is Ivan Platon legend of
zelda ocarina of time absolutely correct
some golden I did guess right now I'm
playing Guild Wars 2 is add me Chris
dragons but that's why you you guys
should play two people okay
is it salt in the song lines yeah we're
gonna started killed together we're
gonna have weekly meetings and crunch
the numbers and Leroy Jenkins will be
ready to go be really Dinkins what's
your name what's your name
Chris dragons top 5 YouTube channels
life according to Jimmy okay howtobasic
that's all you like that that's not like
my favorite when i standing watch lofty
to play these funny Oh h2 h3 oh my gosh
little it looks like we're traveling
through space alright the last one top
five sports or activities besides escape
right not like not like video games are
saying you know that would be like like
athletic type things okay play tennis in
high school so tennis yeah that that
videos happening we're do tennis match
at one point I had long hair and play
tennis ups amazing dragon tennis yeah
soccer I played soccer invincible softer
but sorry but number one probably
dodgeball yes kids a dodgeball room
that's like the funnest thing ever
freeze tags I can freeze tag yeah
absolutely that's a thing good weight
hide-and-seek you too dude the law I
went on a bunch of guns and I had a nerf
floor in my house that was like the
funnest thing I've ever done time but
that's it
Christian thank you very much this dude
is an awesome human being he's a
terrific skateboard and is a very
entertaining youtuber if you guys don't
know him change that right now and his
channel link is in the info below or the
other video cool thank you
alright yeah also I like bombs
we have to savor the last cup kill
you're scared of the camera aren't you
yeah because you purposely gave me the
face you know I know and I feel bad
about that but imagine doing that accent
- Brett Novak wouldn't suck to hit his
face I'm sad for you I'll be very sad
for anyway I would like just deep down
it also looks like you guys are in the
car of the driving to heaven because
it's overexposed you should add an every
clip of you hitting me in the face real
quick
no I'm not gonna go back and look for
that yeah it's too much work cuz you've
done it too many times
you didn't flinch at all
