are you afraid time now okay Wow what
you just saw was it doesn't it doesn't
even make sense I've skated in a mass
before and it just doesn't work that
well you should not be able to heal who
important side a handrail Arawak a 12
stair it is insane
what angel did in that suit and Louise
filmed him they are a tag team okay
they're superheroes he and they really
are it's like so good if you guys want
to see the full edit there's even more
footage it'll be at the end of this
video just click it and go check it out
and then if you like it you know sub to
Louise's channel he does a lot of
awesome content he's filming like the
best dudes ever in Southern California
and you'll enjoy uh that's it he sent me
this footage I was just so happy that I
got to because I've been watching it
online like it on Instagram I was so
happy that I got to post some of it on
my channel because it was it's like some
of the best costume skating I've ever
seen in my life so did you see it do you
see the suit at the spider-man video did
you see where diseases like the freaking
boardslide sex-change back lip yeah go
watch it dude the links about to come up
on the screen click it and go watch the
full edit I'm about to go see it
you
