let's go an enterprise thank you that is
right so you guys asked write in some
questions on my Instagram yeah and this
was oh wait what thank you comes two
years ago was so I'm gonna go through
the questions right in and you have to
answer are you ready for this I read all
right you're ready okay let me bring up
Instagram let's picture of your face
okay let's go back let's go really far
back
yes there's like a thousand comments II
explosivo says Han Solo or Chewie who is
better
oh yeah Chewie better console is awesome
though right it's like not a big you're
borderline no let's not talk about that
okay yeah you don't wanna spoil it for
anybody but hey but if by now you should
have seen the force awakens of your Star
Wars fans they're gonna be a lot of Star
Wars coke imply says can you tre flip no
you can't can you
you can't holla yet hmm Aaron dank s GFX
says what is your favorite to think
about shred quarters rapey
Oh seeing everybody could you see today
and down here how do you K 2013 says
what is your favorite color mmm
wait read mine too it didn't used to be
I don't tell him what to think right you
just like it Joe sunny pumpkin says Star
Wars or Mario don't Eve skate says who's
your favorite cartoon character hmm
otter otters a cat paw patrol an item
well who in the paw patrol mmm what want
rocky is not a cat he's a dog Oh kid cat
the bomb says what is your favorite food
Oh candy whoo all right what's your
favorite meal I'm tipple chicken you
don't eat a lot of chicken for being
your favorite food I mean like big oh hi
bocce chicken that's your favorite maple
that's good it's delicious
all right here's a good one Chris
Thompson says what job do you want me to
grow up what do you wanna be hero
hi big Philip biocidal you want to be a
skateboarding plumber firefighter that
is very specific
sheppy says what is your favorite
service character that don't you put in
dumping servers and Arthur if you had to
pick one though which one
your stormtroopers your favorite
character I think here's a good song
with one Kevin golf says kylo Ren or
Darth Vader who do you like better
don't fake Darth Vader okay good
I thought you're gonna say kylo Ren
because he's new you know what here's
one here's one we can do are you gonna
do alright alright
lar see skate says cats or dogs which
you like better mmm Tom really any cat
that was okay which one do you actually
be cats or dogs okay okay you have cat
that makes sense
did you get the bad yes shook so for
Chris says how do you feel with the
British tax system back the I do mean
the tractor beam yes um well I'll be one
wolf it is a middle yeah alright yeah be
LWR says what's your favorite skate
trick my Holly it's a good one it's just
a vagator says would you rather live in
outer space or under the sea with your
family I'm gonna feel my skin
reales all the fishies swimming around
this would be going like we'd be like
try to catch him will be the body
thinking naughty baby oh now we're
actually fish yeah rooks Topher Chris
again says you need do you have any new
dance moves and now up
are you hitting yourself Wow don't do
that hmm
all right those are his new bit dance
moves Wendy's milk love says who is your
favorite skater John here John Hill he's
a good one that's a good favorite
skateboarder elite Rory says do you like
trains no you don't so I can get rid of
the trains that you have we don't want
anymore
so do you like trains oh okay there you
go
CPM see go 11 says who's your favorite
Marvel hero who's your favorite
superhero Captain America he's a good
one he's a good one Jacob Lopez 15 says
who what is your favorite ice cream
chocolate laughs mellow and I'm
chocolate pudding chocolate pudding is
an ice cream so chocolate marshmallow I
don't know that's a flavor but chocolate
with marshmallow people really do not
read what the thing says does a lot of
you are asking me questions but this is
definitely for writing what would you
rather be a Jawa or an Ewok asks Jack
Harper good they're good you're there I
mean like in the grand scheme of things
they're more great guys yeah they're
cute Nick underscore AAA says what's it
like being your 84 years old um like
Justin I'm all with Faga stuffing it's
so being for is like being Justin Wow
Matthew pickin says if you can meet the
Hulk what would you say to him would you
say to the hole huh you would set it to
the Hulk I'm glad hey Mel you like dude
you full give me your phone
I beg beautiful it was okay so you'd
welcome to Hawkins a coke smash use your
phone mm-hmm that's what you'd say okay
ridin here is will Harry Robinson says
what are you going to want to skate when
you get order yeah he skates a little
now but yours you're a little scared
like your friend since he dropped in by
himself on the ramp of Shred quarters
right Wow get like and you're scared of
it now so you got a little growing to do
no I'm not pushing him in anything I'm
letting him do it you do what he does
like the Death Star though so but hey
but you think you'll skate when you get
older look yeah I love you will skate
together you want to a father-son video
part one day oh he'll be so weird
whatever that'd be weird Leo skroob says
it walrus or a pigeon which one hmm a
pigeon well we're sister yeah there we
did a kennel to the animal version of
Friday's maybe pitching maybe pigeon
care Hill says do you love your dad huh
no I love you oh hey rocky the skater
says what's your favorite thing about
Bryan Ames I'm Randy get like quick that
was a long time ago
you remember that Wow so his favorite
Bryan Ames the Ryan's favorite thing
about you is that you get rice krispie
treats Olinda asks riding to be her
pledge of Barneys there's me of all the
people have been talking about you guys
about Linda
Linda's I don't know she's a girl she
wants to know if you've ever played with
Barbies no I don't like peppers you
don't like football so you play leave it
used but you don't like him that's fine
right that's good what I don't I didn't
care for me to Roger age basket says
haha yes I brought I bought the micro
machine ship that's the only question at
all Ariana for 765 says what's your
favorite video game Mario we actually he
helped me go through the new super mario
brothers for Wii U and he lives on the
gamepad and he helped me beat it we went
through the whole game together yeah
even I like me oh he does you love
Pikmin 2 which one you like better pick
me - Mario oh ok it's change you to pick
men down William Morris says do a chewy
impression
oh no account they dick I don't know I'm
a will at YouTube so that one Seamus
Smith says favorite line in a Star Wars
movie
it was the favorite thing that they say
that you like I don't care where you
smell get in there what about whoo
you're all yeah okay so I don't care
what you smell
get in there any any pushes chu man of a
new hope zach is MLG says would you
rather be a four foot human or a 12 foot
cat 12 foot you'd rather be a 12 foot
long cat cat um with model and I'm the
back side of jumping over water in the
bathtub what you already a cat that
jumps into the bathwater
wha okay but you in 12 foot long yeah
yeah whole lot of out like Brody Reeb
says what is your least favorite color
ah purple that's when you like at least
I like purple that's it guys um that was
I like that I went through most of the
questions I tried to grab ones that
everyone was asking but thank you guys
for asking
we'll be back to our normal father-son
videos here soon it's actually been
really snowy lately so we haven't been
able to go outside and do stuff and I've
been doing a lot of shred quarters video
so I didn't want to do another shred
quarters video so that was it I hope you
guys dug it thank you guys laughter
laughs thank ya and we're gonna go but
uh I'll be back tomorrow I do do the
videos is there anything you want to
tell YouTube before we go mmm
go eat a banana stay go eat a banana
split
all right let your guys
and now we have a sleeping cat right
here yeah
and he meets a stormtrooper and he's not
in the mood for the stormtrooper
