see this see this this is snow this is
something you don't deal with a never
seen it before you have right I have
here okay
really is your person - no no there's no
South Carolina okay cool well all right
now that we're past that why thank God
you said they haven't done darkslide
nevermind this darkslide board together
for you and your lauren darr sons today
John Hill is a really really talented
guy if you don't know him then you have
no idea what I'm saying but if you do
know him you know the dude doesn't
really miss tricks you just kind of land
them I'm not gonna tell you how to do it
you're not landed our son okay I feel
like I have a super advantage with this
whole thing going yes you do and I'll
tell you how to do it let's go thank you
thank you so I've been like locked in
shred Gore's for a while now because the
weather's been so bad out so I'm sorry
you guys are getting over shred quarter
at least we're doing new stuff right
we're doing fun stuff so that's good
let's move this box
you were not helping John Hill so I
actually just did a dark side like a
couple weeks ago here it was really
weird is kind of my feet were on the
trucks like almost but I was gonna redo
one today with that board but I kind of
tweaked my foot on a peak flow back lib
for John's video so it's just you is you
on your own so you didn't the stress of
them watch good dark sky today is on you
you're the one who's done one though I
haven't done one I know but I was gonna
do them but now I can't because you're
capable back baby I came back live for
your channel alright so should I just go
for one cuz I have an idea of how to do
it yeah just yeah so if you guys are
trying to learn dork slides like if you
cut away the grip tape does that spill
he's gonna slide like a dream oh yeah
mentally look back over feel it you know
you do this
Wow and it's you can still flip your
board it's perfect I thought you're
trying to kick that's an awful kickflip
it was like a really good yeah try one
pretty good no this is like a social
experiment how many times is makes I'm
gonna do their first dark side that's
one Wow that's what it happens dude that
was a really good second attempt I don't
know why I said social experiment
there's nothing social about this this
is an experiment oh yeah we're totally
being social crazy already so you know
how to come out switch whoa okay good
school that way there yep yeah it's nice
to see you look human for once do you
ever put anything on the table to keep
your foot on it no suck I do with Casper
slides oh dude look at your group K
party already destroyed it you must weed
your ankle
oh that looks really good dude Oh
getting closer dude Oh John it looks
really good you are a stack of sardines
you roll away you're gonna look like
Kurt Russell on a horse into the sunset
this is how frustrating that was it
again we have watching for the first
time oh yeah
so John is playing it again because he's
a perfectionist much better you are
going to Disney World you are going to
rob the place
how do you feel good that's amazing oh
wait hey wait wait wait separators over
there this video is brought to you by
why are we in the bonus section right
now is that right we are not in the main
part of the vehicle what video you know
if you have a face you also have a link
to watch videos it's down there in the
info scroll down people see there's a
link yeah you can see you just got to
look kind of like down and back alright
there's a link to your channel where you
can see your face a lot of it and you
actually selling for a lot of sweat on
your channel but click on it guys thank
you guys
Andy you only taking about four tries
four tries times what 155 maybe that's
good though because the last time I
landed it was like 15 tries vastly worse
than yours though okay
