YouTube what's up guys it is 9:00 in the
morning and what better to do than eat
sleep sleep is also a good thing we're
gonna do a time-lapse script a part
today but first we're going to go eat
and I'm going to go buy some markers
because I kind of Riven some last time I
did this this is JP Cooper uh he is a
master with trying to his hand would be
weird right he's a master with um brain
and his draw is art I'll just stop
talking he's awesome he's a really
really talented draw artist he's
Leonardo de Coubertin technically I am a
master you really are because he went to
school he like he literally has the
title master cartoonist that is his job
title which is amazing so really really
awesome dude probably be talked about
and does a lot of the revive and force
graphics and we're gonna do some grip
tape art today oh and he went to school
to get the title master cartoonist he
wasn't like giving it by some like
Shaolin monk that'd be cool too though
and as far as you yeah well yeah as far
as I know traded a lot of bagels for it
and that was kind of like a weird deal
but first watch first watch is delicious
I don't know if you guys have these in
your area but if you do you should go
eat at it it's tasty
the breakfast was delicious now we're
going to really get some paint pens at a
Hobby Lobby Michaels I don't know we'll
figure it out
boom got some backup hens we're gonna go
to the warehouse and I'm going to read
through comments and you guys suggested
for me to draw an art piece
I'm Pike grip tape and I'm gonna draw it
and we're a time-lapse it and you're
gonna see it and I might just give it
away honestly then you're gonna draw one
we're both gonna draw cool that'd be a
different video though okay I don't even
know what I'm singing about almost
Showtime plenty of options we read a lot
of paint pens now okay so here it is
here's my blank skateboard I asked you
guys on my Instagram which is at Andy's
Rock was just my name is very easy to
find for you guys to suggest some
drawings for me to draw on this and what
I'm gonna do is I'm going to go through
them and I'll read some options and I'll
pick one and I'll draw it on here and
then I'm gonna do a separate video with
JP that will come up later on my channel
and we're gonna give both these boards
away okay you're gonna get a chance to
win these decks of what we're drawing
right now so cell phone time Wow
I put this up 40 minutes ago there's
1,000 comments boom a cappella reallys
that's for sure kuba zero eight nine and
potato on a stick I could only do so
much with a potato on a stick yet mr.
Potato Head oh I with your butt it's
Ricardo five Bry names is definitely an
option
I could Rock a Bryan Ames I'm John
Garrett draw a Lego kylo Ren
skateboarding it's pretty specific mr.
Jack grab a 20 apple tree with an Ames
rattler peeping alamin that is super
detailed okay a huge banana that that
would be super easy to draw across the
whole thing draw an antelope on a
skateboard says gideon turner this 3:9 a
Tendo controller that'd be kind of cool
Bryan eating a chicken leg that would be
the easiest thing in the world because
he does do that
Jack Simonson says a tine asaurus rex
that was a good reference right there
Sequoia Bachus for 3:04 says Brian Eames
beard holding a lightsaber maybe Brian
YZ will be like super like that idea
there's a lot of Brian Eames one
maybe I'll do brightens the lightsaber
should we do that
right into the lightsaber is what we're
doing okay let's get to doing it I draw
Brian names all the time this is not
going to be hard for me I can do this
but I'm not going to practice last time
I did bb-8 and I put some time and
effort into it I'm just gonna go at it
so if this turns out bad I'm sorry
conflict looks good it's all I'm saying
okay let's get let's get down to it I'm
gonna go get my tripod because you need
I need a different lens for this so I
think I want to kind of like leaning out
in the state work and I like maybe his
hat like up here face and then like
let's could see it but he's got kinda
like a skinny head right now but this is
just like kind of a outline so well
let's see what we can do but if it looks
stupid that's fine because the Dumber
things look at my skateboard they
usually more psyched man
that black bled like crazy it's probably
because I didn't let this dry I'm gonna
let it dry for a second I'm gonna go
back over at home affixing about work on
the Hat for now
you
that is one awesome flashlight
you
this green barely made it look at that
look at that
Oh
you
it kind of looks like he's just escaped
out of jail
what am I wearing
oh yeah prisoner yes you do Brian oh
yeah my shirt says mayo on it you're a
prisoner of love prisoner of love that
had the rezident that's awesome my beard
looks good all right here it is dun dun
dun dun dun Brian Ames with a lightsaber
this is hands down the coolest he's ever
looked boom there it is this is the
bride Ames holding a lightsaber Thanks
to everyone who commented give me
suggestions I would do this again
for sure I like doing this and actually
next time I kind of want to do a more
serious one like I did the bb-8 before
and this one is was goofier which is
kind kind of fun because if I screwed it
up I didn't really care too much because
if Brian was holding a lightsaber um but
I hope you guys enjoyed the video and if
you want to be entered to win this um
all I got to do is be subscribed to me
give this video a like and then comment
only one comment saying uh why you
should get this board and I would pick a
winner within the next week and I will
contact you here on YouTube
if you're younger than 18 make sure your
parents are you're entering this and
then you can win anywhere in the world I
will ship this anywhere you can have
this 8 inch revive Brian Ames winning
ways to protect yourself um and I'm
obviously going to do a video with him
he's next he is super super telling I'm
excited to see what he does and we'll be
giving away the deck as well so stay
tuned for that video but in the meantime
peace out Brian Brian Brian come here
hey
do you think what do you think about
your board I want you want it can I win
yeah now I'm giving what you can enter I
guess I win I could just make one for
you free awesome
I
and you know what what is with
racehorses in pain do they do that a lot
I would assume they started somewhere
yeah like someone said that no idea that
makes sense yeah yeah Dean you go the
bathroom No
are you sure think about real hard
