YouTube here's your face not really but
that's what I see when I talk to you
guys this is vlogger sewed it'll 11 I
think you know what I have no idea I'm
literally gonna go on to my YouTube
channel and see what the last one to
look I think it was Ted but yes the word
vlog I'm not a fan of and I never will
be and I'm gonna point it out so don't
get upset about that let's just all
smile and continue on this is a really
fun day it's like noon now and I have a
band coming into town or I don't have a
band they're just naturally coming into
town but they're hanging out your shred
quarters and then I'm going to the show
later on they're called mainland and
they're really really catchy rock I've
been listening to them for a little
while now and the first time I heard
lamaze like oh my gosh just be perfect
to go along with skating so hopefully I
could use some of their music in the
future but yeah I'm gonna hang out with
them it's gonna be awesome to meet them
I'm a fan of them so it would be
exciting but first let's find out what
episode number this is it's 11 I was
right it is 11 okay cool alright so I
have some prepping to do before the band
actually gets here but first my wife
kind of sabotage me today I bought Mario
Kart for the warehouse because Brian
Eames game our copy - Jordan hunter I
told her I leave that in my car because
she was driving my car last night and
she didn't she brought it inside that's
just how will my life works so I'm going
to run home real fast and get that and
then get back here and do some prepping
I got so much stuff to do this week so
I'm gonna be busy but there's a lot of
time in this day it's gonna be fun and
before I leave I'm gonna tell everybody
in the warehouse that I'm leaving to go
get Mario Kart what will you sign this
one I and filmin I do that you you drew
your own face you just like one of the
best Rosberg oh that's a good kid
congratulations it's I'm proud of you
Thanks I'm also leaving yoga Mario Kart
Cameron asked me if I could draw
what heyyou signs it oh you want to sign
it yeah okay
how about scare me hey oh you knew I
knew yeah you like open it right when I
hit the record button to reassignment
but the best thing is if I wouldn't have
been there you would have just jumped
away for no reason the door open and
looked like a huge bearded idiot proof
there you go thanks buddy I copied it
off of the aims rail and I did a really
bad job look at that it looked like it
it looks like a combination of JP meat
time you get a German I mean I never for
once thought you'd be better at drawing
you the knife tonight
you're different I'm great at it I mean
I'm not gonna grouse about many things
but drawing you is one during a walk
Casey I'm leaving to go get Mario Kart
that's amazing yeah Alex I'm going to go
get Mario Kart are you yeah okay I am
leaving to yoga acharya mars okay that's
the best thing you said all day
I know whoa get out of my way I'm just
kidding we'll talk later all right let's
go get Mario Kart oh yeah totally snowed
so I probably should tell the snow that
it's an idiot yeah you're gonna think
you just show up again didn't feel good
but I punched it so that's cool
back in trig where's Alex is putting
together we call this real-life Jenga
because the toy Jenga is fake I guess
but we've been talking about doing this
forever and we're finally doing this
just doesn't work this way shall we wait
try it Liz
worst-case scenario it sucks and we just
smash the whole thing down I'm gonna
push this over again
hey I rebuild it you do yeah oh yeah for
sure here holding their moral marker I
mean you built it you want to give it a
good okay well they hear you filming
I looked very satisfying
no that was very sensitive I looked at
hey guys okay
I got Mario Kart yet the event it would
be this is better it seems like a work
it also looks like a structure that
would be at a college dude it's gonna
suck either way it's good
did I do that sorry oh let me how deep
is it you had you asked for that so the
band is about to be here but I just
found out that the new soul Tecna
catalog is out that means I get to see
the new s shoes they're coming out in
the summer it's like the fall line when
it comes out in the summer I think but
I'm not gonna show you guys because it's
confidential
there's no is that red it's rude what is
that is that the same thing yes there
it's a they're doing a silly toy
color-wise no way that's not I'm good
next I'm skating that was my life I
think but what happens when you look
here's my account you just click it and
there's everything I do that is amazing
it's the best thing yeah what's your
password oh oh it's oh my gosh this is
amazing experience wept earlier day now
I'm speeding is sweeping the rest and
we're pretty much like the best people
here because that does not happen often
enough that's why our grip tape is
always so nasty
just alright the band is here let's see
we got a boom this is mainland guys what
I enjoy yourself Jordan lead vocals Cory
guitar and keyboard Alex bass what's up
I'm Joey like you guys have all had to
interact me that was good though
that was a good uh and we're gonna do
some Jenga sick this is probably not
gonna work but it's gonna be fun for at
least a few seconds the moment where I
jump into it right I do that at the very
end we should stack it up and totally do
that yeah I already kicked it earlier no
well it was like we made it and it
wasn't right sorry I got to kick it
nothing absolutely okay good you guys
should just do it like just you for yeah
okay or maybe like teams like we have
like a ladder
what our team's okay me and Corey
alright are the Jordan and Corey leave
both right our section our section
guitars verse rhythm section JC verse AJ
yeah yeah yeah boom
okay well then go at it figure out who
goes first you know you're doing
something right when you have to use a
ladder to play a game go to the very top
I'm gonna get back yeah here's the shot
dude this is that scary little annex
dude you can think I'll go all right
oh this is the quiet as this warehouse
has ever been it's gonna get so much
quieter - I like to think so haha like
this is kinda weird
I don't think it would work oh my god
we're doing pretty good right now
you got the look like the bad luck of
the draw being last yeah all evidence we
make it's around to be the coolest shot
so it really will be a that's true is
that gonna work that's gonna ship it
away there's no way do you good dude if
this even stays Bryan are you seeing
this I'm like feel amazing I'm gonna
fall out me too
yes it will dude do it like the the DIA
that yes at the table the table on the
tablecloth and the glasses
Jack the stack justify the laws of
gravity seriously I did not see that
coming do you think it was gonna get
back to you no and I think he was gonna
make it that would be a bold move
oh you got it you got it you got it you
got it yeah
success like he's full Wow steady nerves
whew that was really good
your time to shine straddle the line
believe it dude and that might work
though cuz the top two are on that side
other side this is a tense tablecloth it
you guys win
you guys win all right
sorry section wait sorry
well we're gonna sack you back up just
to destroy it because that's fun that
skate into it you want to skate into it
absolutely you good whoo all right so
we're doing a photo shoot and Brian aims
that thing has me skating the handrail
which I have not skated today really
this is gonna be interesting
I got Krueger I'm I'm sorry you guys are
gonna witness me doing another
Krugerrand on this hand row Hey well
maybe worse at first we should probably
that crews right there oh he did and
then he's jumped off oh my god it went
like Cremona came back
I clearly have not going over the
message good because it doesn't lie so
we're sets boards up for these dudes
that's the callee handshake you got to
got to do that so yeah they just left
and a really super nice dudes like it's
kind of cool meeting people that you
look up to like I love their music and
you meet them like oh they're nice guys
too
I'm fated you ever like met someone you
looked up to and they suck yes
yeah see that was suck I'm ruined didn't
answer does but now they're really cool
dude so I'm psyched on it hopefully
you'll see more of them in my videos but
tonight will be good because I've never
seen him live we but I will with John
Hill weird random thing like John Hills
here is they usually California yes go
to show John Doe anyway yeah speaking of
I was just talking about you or well
maybe I'll have me music hey dude I do
it right let me go there shy now it'll
be weird and awkward let's hug right
here come on how you doing son very less
good to have you home yeah Keva
hey what's up doing good doing good
we're actually bout to skate I think
dude just been so long since I've seen
you yeah we were just in Hawaii together
yes
and then we were in Zimbabwe yeah hey
well you guys do tricks yeah
and this was the day that everybody had
to wear maroon sir oh my gosh have you
ever done a switchback Sun baseman down
again uh yeah of course you have well
high five anyway
geez that was switch here's a trick
there it was
whoa
Wow
I was gonna do it
that was the perfect ender to this I
just got all that oh hi guys thanks
dad's the only one I'm the only one that
didn't get it no you know now I'm taking
away I that Stephan's what I want I see
that sounds amazing all right so we're
done we're gonna go back to my house and
get ready to go to the show and then
probably eat a 3d spoiler and everyone's
like don't eat your pool in the Eagle
island and John's day and life is
happening right here tickles poke my
face so everybody witness I'm gonna
double-check this doors he was locked
I have to check that door back guy get a
hug
take a hug oh hey buddy how are you
Brandon did you draw this I did yeah it
looks awesome dude thank you it's for me
oh thank you that's what I like I love
you oh yeah
hey wife hi I don't okay I'm good I'm
here for like 10 minutes then I'm gonna
go to the show
Oh bagel hi bagel are you got one of
those new iPhones you phones iPhones so
yeah we hung on here for a second I
don't know what randomness I filmed and
shown you but that's what that was we
were doing and now we're gonna go to
Starbucks apparently yes and then we
were gonna go get some truly like I said
and then we're gonna go to the show and
there's gonna be like cell phone well
dude I got freedom
babe I love you oh yeah I'm sorry I'm
not with you for dinner today I'll
forgive you riding it over here got a
hug you yeah I'm taking the guys but
John's gonna spend the night so you'll
see him he's gonna stay here a few
nights probably so you'll see a lot of
John Hey no Sam has his own place so
that's all okay okay okay I love you I
love you be good for Mama okay
all right so he wanted baseball cards I
wanted yard work done it was just right
here we are the greatest place on earth
a place that sells tacos do that what do
you say just say the same thing okay
this is part one of our three-step
program right now we're doing Chipotle
yes all right yes and I knew
what they're gonna show you something
I'm just filming the tacos my second
round it's snowing hey if you're in high
school in may run into the library or a
room in general and just go it's snowing
and everyone will look toward the room
unless you guys live in California then
just be confused but no it's a good
prank too polite sue all time yeah
everyone I literally gave a dog a wedgie
so they're going to Starbucks and I kind
of just want to stay in the car I feel
bad because they both got out now I feel
like I'm lazy but it's alright because
I'm warm and I don't have to walk
through the snow in wearing pretty much
a t-shirt oh he's like one of these been
like one of my best friend also 15 okay
hey this is uh this is where we go into
the show I'm gonna film some clothes my
cell phone and then this videos gonna
end I don't know if you're gonna see me
talk afterwards so
Hey
I would like to say thank you mainland
for coming out hanging out with us today
and you guys should definitely check out
their music I will be using some of
their music in the future like for some
montages here and there but by all means
they're great for skate montages and
edits in general so check them out the
link for them is right down there
what's up guys thank you for watching my
video I just wanted to do a quick little
giveaway because I got some gear from
mainland so I got this shirt right here
this is a medium
it says aloha from mainland and then I
have two copies of their newest EP and
they're awesome so if you guys want to
win these the first prize winners you
can get this shirt and then the second
runner ups are going to get these all
you have to do is go to the Instagram
that's at mainland NYC and follow them
and then go to this picture
boom you're going to go to that picture
and say Jenga 4life only comment on that
picture don't blow up all their other
pictures just comment on that one one
comment per person please and that's it
that's and you're entered to win if
you're younger than 18 make sure your
parents that you're entering this but
you can win anywhere in the world I will
ship wherever I just wanted to give a
little thanks back to mainland they Rock
it was really cool hanging out with them
that's it good luck
I'll pick winners I within a week and
I'll announce it on my Instagram that's
it guys thank you probably dues I'll be
back tomorrow because they're do daily
videos and it's really late that's why I
sound like this and that's why I look
like this let's just face it maybe my
face just sucks maybe that's just the
reality of it buddy either I'm going
goodbye
