that happened to me yeah it totally
happen to me you're gonna have to
cherish these moments it's not every day
that you sack on your skateboard lying
on the ground I don't know what to call
it let me do it call it sacking sideways
on the fence is that what you call it
you know what happened I'm all right but
like I like sacked myself sideways on
the fence / board combo oh wow like okay
I guess says he's exactly what i call it
this is probably one of the better falls
because i missed i'm a spoiler alert i
missed my actual gonads like my gonads
were fine they were a little shell of
protection like a metaphorical shell not
metaphorical at all know why I said that
I don't know something something had my
gonads back is what I'm saying because I
got it was the best case scenario i got
a really dumb-looking fall and I was
okay I guy was immediately okay and I
kept trying my trick but sacking
sideways on a fence that's good kind of
like a funny term he do that hey for the
same time it kind of sounds like an
insult from like I like a movie that you
would watch when you were eight
attending the board flip another thing
is that this is one of the more
humiliating skate Falls okay I mean like
getting sacked it sucks but when you do
it in a way that you're lying down I
felt like an infant I was lying down
moving towards a fence getting sacked on
my skateboard against the fence imagine
if your crush saw that okay imagine if
freaking I don't know whoever you're
into a paler Swift okay whoever you like
I don't I don't care who you like but
imagine that girl saw you you'd feel
pretty dumb you can't walk out on like
you'd have to like stand up and do the
manliest thing ever okay you'd have to
like literally like blow up a
supervillain while lifting weights to
recover from that okay and I don't even
want to blow up anybody okay let's not
on my to-do list today I don't want to
blow up pretty much anybody what do you
think coffee grounds taste like
horrible oh no try your drives out oh
dude everywhere it's everywhere I got
coffee grounds inside my camera bag that
sucks pool great have to clean that out
I didn't realize something you can do
though like you just take a cup of hot
water and you take your coffee grounds
and you're like this watch
instant coffee in your mouth hi you're
not supposed to swallow comic-con's are
you although thinking about it if you
did instant coffee in your mouth after
sacking sideways on the fence the girl
might be into you I mean if someone did
that in public I least shake their hand
okay you get a hand shaking out of this
I don't know why but when i make fall
fred is I just want to edit some music
in I feel like this is a really good sad
thing because you're when you're
watching it you're like oh he landed it
and then you're like wait no he didn't
oh ok he's sacking sideways on a fence
so I'm gonna play some sad music I don't
know
but this is a new kind of fall and I
don't know how many people have done
this in the world but it feels stupid
okay I was kind of excited right away
because I immediately knew what happened
and I was like this is a moment okay
this doesn't happen always and I gotta
really enjoy what's going on right here
okay because you can only like this dumb
a few times in your life so if you find
yourself getting sacked aside with some
offense don't be bummed okay unless it
actually hits your gonads okay unless
you don't have that protective gonna
chill that I apparently have just to
enjoy try to make the best out of a
laugh out of it and then put on the
internet and make fun of yourself for
weeks that's what I did Denver is
calling me I don't know anybody in
Denver but when I'm not sagging on my
skateboard I sometimes land tricks
sometimes they're okay sometimes are
horrible and the tricks I landed during
the section aren't the coolest so i'll
feature some other tricks that I've done
lately that I'm a little proud of you
probably already seen them if you watch
my channel but you watch that and I'm
going to sweep up coffee grounds while
you're doing that because they're all
over because I'm an idiot
Wow so there you guys go that is that
was me doing some tricks I hope you
enjoyed that this was the fall Friday
I've been doing this for a long time I
kind of thought about that I've really
been doing these i hope i hope this show
has evolved a little bit a lot of people
are surprised by this they're like a man
this could have been like five seconds
it's like the whole point of the show is
to talk about the fall you want to see
just a fall go to Instagram and i'll
upload like a seven second clip this be
youtube people i'm gonna talk i'm gonna
make it i'm gonna make it happen so
thank you guys for watching if you want
to see more videos from you hit the
subscribe button i do daily videos and
i'll probably be back in two weeks with
another fall friday if i get a good fall
to review hot seat will be John Hill
this week and I don't think I don't know
if he knows what the hot seat is so he's
in for Jon get over here you're not see
it looks like it says tears or eyeball
pain but it says rain ok John Hill yeah
all right John tell me what is your
ideal night at home the perfect night
playing with Sam Tabor's cleanly fingers
agree with you hey Brian you want to try
some instant coffee like instant in your
mouth coffee no I could show you how to
do it it's great thing you can by the
looks of what happened over here get
some positive oh yeah there's coffee
grounds everywhere mr. is sorry about
that eat a Sour Patch Kid I will
you
