Wow yes get-get sit down we are doing a
challenge for you okay oh wait there's a
toddler back here look what is all this
stuff
what do you have he will and Cup Cup and
pray and milk
that's a bowl cup and a bowl oh yeah
milk
high-five you're nailing it what is this
what do we call this this is this
breakfast you have a challenge okay you
are gonna have to prepare breakfast and
if you do it without making a massive
mess you get this chipmunk that you like
to target okay all right are you a part
wolf
are you up for the challenge to win this
yeah all right I'm gonna sit next to you
and we're gonna make some breakfast
right you think she'd be a gross video
this is not good because of his gross
that means you spilled everything which
I'm terrified about but can you do this
without making a huge mess are you up
for the challenge
wha are you sure say I'm up oh no look
at the camera go I have up oh he's up
for it alright
let us begin all right first thing is
first riding you're gonna have to take
this hero and put it in the bowl can you
do it
alright let's see it
just a little bit yeah no don't use your
hands got to pour it into the bowl okay
tip the box and pour it do again do it
again keep going oooh
alright pull back you did good give me
five that was pretty good now probably
the hardest part a lioness is the milk I
don't know if you can lift this so I'll
help you but you got to do the directing
and pouring okay so unscrew the top oh
you can't do it yeah go like this and
show us with your muscles say I'm the
Hulk okay do it
now here look you're gonna hold on with
this and twist with that okay you can do
this oh you did it you did it with your
left hand
okay all right are you ready yeah all
right you said me to help lift it what
all right one hand there one hand there
okay now you direct port back back back
all right that was a lot of milk but you
haven't made a big mess yet no I got was
milk yes we are I'll put it away okay
pretty good now here you got to put your
spirit in good crease written get it
have a bite okay all right cup grab the
cup put it right here now this is a
little trickier lid or you did that
right away it was not even on there that
was good okay set it aside
this is good right and you're learning
how to man to make a meal and grab it
both hands and pour it in there and
please don't pour it everywhere no no no
no no no no it goes to the cup all right
all right now now put the lid back on
the orange juice here
you gotta these are tricky right tiny
dad I will but after this okay now the
final test you need to put this on your
sippy cup because you are three years
old okay all right here hold the bottom
hold the bottom and just turn it go
watch are you gonna hate pretty good
does it work
oh it was so good give me five I'm proud
of you look now with your hand come here
if I have my with your handle yes you
can make breakfast all by yourself
wasn't that a good learning process even
though your cereal is orange juice
flavor technically and you just still
working on getting the food in your
mouth but I'm just saying you
that was good there you go do you like
doing this
alright but there you guys go I hope you
guys dug this video I got the random
idea for it and you are chowing down on
this orange juice cereal but uh we'll do
it more of these if you guys dug it's so
tune in either way you'll get more
videos from Ryan and I because we love
making videos don't we buddy you want to
go celebrate wasn't fingerboarding yeah
okay turn in after the outro for the
fingerboard which kind of makes it the
mid trail yeah oh and dad I'm right here
why are you saying bye to me I love you
YouTube what's up guys so if you have
seen this video before it's not that
weird this video got 15 million views
and then in a lot of YouTube drama a lot
of my videos got turned off on accident
I talk to you two about it and they were
like hey this was not supposed to happen
you got in the mix of this and we're
gonna fix it but after months of trying
to be patient it just didn't get fixed
so I've been uploading videos once a
week every Monday to that have been shut
off they're not searchable and they
don't pop up in suggestive videos on
YouTube so this is what I'm doing
there's a for explanation of all this in
the info if you want to know more but I
hope you guys dog that this is one of my
favorite riding videos it is just so
cute I watched it while editing this and
it was just like oh my gosh and I missed
when he was every every age is awesome
he's up there cleaning his playroom you
always miss the earlier stages once you
look back on it and it was a really
awesome time I hope you guys like that I
do videos here all the time you actually
get a new video with rad night tomorrow
where he learns a new like it's not a
skate trick but like a skate maneuver so
tune in for that and if you want to see
more from me to shoot the subscribe
button right down below and you will see
more that's it riding you up there say
it louder
and also say goodbye cuz we're leaving
oh he loves you a cool you don't have me
I love you too buddy you guys have a
good day and honored say you want to say
anything not at me now or okay cool
alright we're done Oh bonus clip of the
fingerboarding thing how many finger
boards you have right in five do you
think this is five yeah no this is like
I think you could be a creative scene
thank you
