this thing is too low for its own good
but hey learn
Wow Oh Oh incredible
this warehouse is not built for this
all right there is a batch of my footage
I like to do this every once in a while
especially if it's if I have tricks on
other channels that I haven't put on my
own I do so many different types of
videos that I just want all of my
footage seen by you guys so there it is
I was really psyched on that kickflip it
was graduating crew straight quarters
but it was kind of tough like I had to
start all the way back there row down
and just you know try to get enough
speed to like really launch up that
thing they came out really good I felt
like what I landed it it felt like one
of the best moves I've ever done
granted I have the weird cowboy style I
always have but that's the matter you
know I just skate Howard skate and I
think it came out pretty good so I hope
you guys dug that I will start saving up
footage for another batch like this but
it's the winter so hopefully it won't be
a bunch of straight quarters footage
like this was but I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna show you guys footage here and
there either way I'm gonna try to
challenge John Hill John Hill is here
this week okay there's that guy he's
filming you're filming your channel
right now it's vlog well it's fine yeah
but turn that off okay I did that
kickflip haha and I want your you're a
better skateboarder than me is the
better human is definitely arguable yet
debatable for sure I want to see you you
have five tries to do a kickflip better
than my kicks okay what I did is off the
ramp yeah you did you do for him yeah be
tweak it cuz I tweaked my try one he's
warmed up so he can go
he is going to laugh you are going to
have no problem doing a better kickflip
that's what cake flip over me we'll do
that after but do that after it was
really good I just want to see this week
I want you to tweak it more than me
that's when I'll sign off it I'm being
way better than mine
I can do a flip nope wouldn't look like
that no that was pretty good that was
really good dude
I mean give it two more times it's truly
childlike so it's like just not arguable
also I like to point out that we
actually don't view skating as this
competition we're just kinda having fun
with it except Casey sucks though I mean
your tails not going up you're still
like you're tweaking it out that way
it's kind of cool
how's your face this last try
dude that was great hey no I'm putting
on I'm putting it right onto a twit twit
timer wash yeah watch this Twitter okay
okay tweet button John Hill sucks is
better than me at okay we'll just say
skateboard now I don't know we'll just a
skateboard implying the kickflip here
you want to tweet it sure how do you get
I've never used to eat before the green
button or the that's blue I'm an idiot
there's your face though okay do it
tweet all right
what outro music perks I'm every Dadda
Dadda Dadda at it is that what it sounds
like to you thanks there
