welcome to another unboxing video
me and my bag ah that's right look who I
got right here is this box too big is it
too big is it too big the nice people at
Seoul Tech aks aka Kelly hearts aka Don
Brown sends me some shoes and they fix
the camera so this box is huge I'm going
to put it on the floor and I'm gonna
pairing the things up here and then
we're gonna tell you all about it right
don't put that in your mouth but first I
am gonna open it up of course Ryden can
I see the keys or do you want to it
alright stab it right here and pull it
that way yeah okay oh you gotta do it
right here look that stuff isn't need
dad's help pull it all the way across
you're doing it you're doing it hey why
don't you show them your best Chewbacca
impression that was Chewbacca sounds
like a piranha plant that was like
alright we have successfully unboxed it
I'm gonna set it down here alright so
I'm gonna pull these out of the box and
we're gonna open up right here in front
of you I might push you guys back a
little bit are you ready ready you gotta
stand right here you gonna be front and
center boy what do you think's in the
box
I think he's pointing at it Star Wars
micro machine so you think you think
that s shoes sent me a Star Destroyer
and not not shoes how about we just open
the boxes I find them ok alright done -
done
there are whoa there's three pairs of
shoes four 4s has never sent me four
pairs of shoes right here we have some
Excel slims we
laughs oh I think they're all black
babies also secular all in the black and
red okay these are these are what I like
look at this you're putting it on your
foot right okay well right in like so
maybe put one hunting across the litt
family room but here it is it's hard to
see because it's kind of like how this
room's we're a little lit up but in the
camera it looks kind of dark but these
big cells limbs let me see if I can
change the camera settings and so I can
show you some more detail in this shoe
right you're taking it off don't put
this shoe in your mouth - okay you guys
see it
see the stitching there this is a very
nice looking shoe this vague cell slim
and I think this is one of the best
shoes for tech skateboarding it's
perfect shape low profile
um it's making its really good shoe so I
have skating these in the past and I
will completely enjoy continuing to
skateboard in them
so thank us you guys rocked let's put
these to the side and keep on going
right red next let's do it r2d2
impressions before this that's pretty
good box number two that's right all
right
oh this is the Swift which is the
greatest skate shoe that ever happened
I'm so psyched I actually wasn't able to
get these because they were so popular
that they sold out of them and here it
is in all its glory the S Swift these
are also good to skate Tech in but more
importantly you can jump around really
well on these I never get heel bruises
in these shoes they're not a huge shoe
they're they're kind of sleek and slim
they feel amazing I love this shoes is
my favorite skate shoe maybe ever
so let's put these over here and and we
got some black and red going on s know
exactly what I like to skateboard so
they sent me the good stuff dude your
spongebob - spongebob no you do
spongebob oh that's sounds more like
Patrick okay go slow go oh oh
box number three these are excel slims
except they're different colors that's
kind of cool I think I've had all black
and I've had in black and red
and these are black and black and black
with um okay no these aren't these the
ones ahead black all black I don't know
if the last ones I had had gum it might
have been black underneath either way
these are awesome working do you like
this one yeah excel saloons number two
pair two for the last impression before
we do the last of the box and do Brian
AIDS I was amazing buddy I love you I
mean I love you even when you don't do
Brian Eames in prison
box number Swift except this is the new
colorway so I got number four yeah
except it's locked more these are gray
yeah well the Reds in there if you can
see and then we have some we have
touched up some blue - yeah right nailed
that as exact - it is we got gray with
like a navy blue inside and then a red
sole obviously yeah and then a white
bottom this is sharp looking gosh I
might see these next I don't know so
there's the shoes this 7.e have a skate
test coming up that I haven't done with
the Tesla which is a really sharp shoe
super lightweight I'm excited to try it
out because it's unlike anything I've
ever skated in but also since I got a
good amount of shoes I'm gonna give some
away to you dudes so stay tuned for a s
giveaway so thank you s shoes very very
much thank you kelly Hart thank you Tom
Brown you guys are the best I absolutely
love s in fact if you guys want s shred
quarters is now carrying them on the
site so they'll be a link right down
there just to go to the shred quarters
calm and we're so not the website though
there's no nerf guns on the website yeah
well maybe we need to get carry nerf
guns I don't know okay yeah but we got a
lot of Swift's in we got something else
limbs we got some excel oh geez and then
we have some of the sets those which I
will skate test your shortly so watch
out for a video of that
I actually have another box though from
anchor so I figured I might as well do
it at the same time so we're gonna keep
going and we have about one box and more
stuff all right I love you a fastest
opening ever okay you want to back up
you get on the couch here
we got some we got some bubble wrap this
is kind of big to the way I'm filming
this so I'm gonna put this on the floor
as well I got a lot of stuff which means
I'm definitely gonna give some of this
stuff away because I don't need all this
stuff all right first things first
there's like four of these on top and
these are sound of course I think
they're the speaker's right you have the
Bluetooth speakers so if you have like a
smart phone you connect it to this and
this is like basically a portable
boombox and so you're at a skate spot
you throw this down and you have music
okay assuming you have music on your
phone I have four of them and I already
have one myself so I'm gonna give these
away for sure I'm at least gonna give
away three of them so stay tuned and do
time for that I'll probably do it in a
vlog or something but this is awesome
this is a really cool product I don't
wanna open it up cuz I wanna give them
away so imagine the small boombox it
looks really sleek and awesome that we
have what is this power combo this is a
traveler piece ok cool moving this we're
opening this up we're opening it up
right right
oh no back away
alright this is super heavy-duty that's
awesome and where ever has a power for
it amazing it does I love you guys okay
so so here's an extra Power Core I have
one of these already but these things
are the greatest thing the world so I
might just have to and like are you
ripping that you are so strong you'd
like to honk dude but yeah this is the
Power Core it's nice to have a backup
and it's got a charger and everything
this is sweet
so a really cool presentation you don't
know what a power cord is it's an
external battery you charge it and then
you take it with you and then they can
charge your phone to blink I swear like
ten times row is so amazing I have four
more of these so total we get to give
more of these way so I will have a huge
anchor giveaway probably two of them in
the near future
this is so cool this is like an awesome
case and a really good presentation I'm
excited on it oh that's it thank you
guys for watching my unboxing video
Ratan's folding a shirt that's what he's
doing look at this okay
can you say thank you s shoes thank you
anchor thank you I'm say Kelly heart you
rule Danny are you bad my dad where you
going
okay well thank you guys for watching
the unboxing video I'll have a skate
test as of Giveaways it's very very soon
but of course I
daily videos here on YouTube about all
sorts of things so subscribe if you want
to see bored for me and you'll
definitely get more four year old feet
don't touch the lens
UUP guy here I'm gonna figure you for an
hour now that you did that it's gonna be
a long
Ryden what are you doing boy pull it
down you feel like we're in a tube top I
love you
you
