Brian I got a box heck yeah what's in
the box
I've gotta open it's like it's one of
the greatest things that are came to me
in a box I've got a knife
now it may use keys you don't know how
to do this unboxing stuff ever watch one
of my own boxes I had watch I'm we're
gonna key it you can keep you key my box
three key things the first time I've
ever done a - dude unboxing where are my
keys where's your keys buddy here all so
security number is beauty you do the
honors you have to dress like me today
look at this shot right now
okay here's the third guy here's the
third there we go you do don't know
about size the size first it's the most
rewarding - I know I can't wait to me
means watch oh I did so bad really oh my
gosh all right before we open this a
little bit of information this is from
unique and from the title you probably
know what's in here
I'm so excited they actually send this
to me like weeks ago and I haven't had
time to do it because I want to give us
a ton a day plus it's happening right
now oh look at that presentation looks
amazing oh my gosh very nice it
literally comes with a picture frame
look at this like I'm gonna frame look
at this can you see this in your house
okay
okay beautiful and I'll push
do you really got to be better at this
at your Park shrine man oh gosh what
about KITT God and then we got a second
picture frame Bryan put your face down
here oh sweet this is the best I feel
like I'm not to open at chef Justin
Zelda and nothing has ever given me that
feeling in life before no no no no no no
no no no no no no no no no no no no wow
I feel like I'm about to dismantle a
bomb even the styrofoam is cool my gosh
so this is the typhoon q500 4k drone I
am so excited I've never had a drone
this is the coolest thing this is
probably the coolest thing at all ever
unbox my like I really believe look at
this it's all labeled like the
connectors tell you exactly what they
are I'm actually awesome that's
incredible I mean you would normally do
this like oh that's gonna go somewhere
but actually tells you exactly where
it's gonna go
everything's nice quality oh yeah with
that out there like this is like a
shoulder strap yeah it's like a purse
strap for your drone this also double as
a boomerang it does not don't do that
your your tweezers me though I'm sure
we're gonna need those tweezers all
right so let's put all the propellers oh
here it is this is so nice this is so
heavy duty oh it's light look at that
just look at it there's the camera
right here it's got a built-in camera
which you can actually remove and like
use as a camera for whatever look at
this dude that's sweet look at that this
is amazing so yes this is where you
control the drone and you don't use your
phone there's a screen right here on the
controller like a secondary controller -
that's so this is for when you take the
camera off you can just put this on it
and kind of like aim it you can also go
to like Home Depot and scan items and
see how much the content was this new
comes with two batteries was a chart
start charging this immediately a
charger right so we're gonna plug this
in and get it going right away because
we are going to do a test flight as soon
as we can so here's a ramp charger
this is a charger for the controller I
do believe and then it comes with two
batteries and aren't really that it
comes with a car charger for this thing
so unique thank you so much for Typhoon
q500 shoots in 4k this is gonna be the
best thing that has ever happened to my
videos you're gonna see so much awesome
drone footage um so a lot of plugging
going on yeah we're gonna figure out how
this works recharge the batteries and
we're gonna go into Shrike horrors and
take it um it's snowed here in
Cincinnati or else I would totally go
out to the skate part on ice day and get
some really cool drone shots but we have
a big warehouse so we're gonna make it
happen one way or another Oh does it
vibrate it's like a rumble pack it has
room are you about clemmer ever I might
be I think there might be replacements
now surely because I'm assuming we're
going to screw up and hit something
eventually making them assumption but
I'm not positive so that's good it comes
to extra blades we think that's awesome
we're gonna we're assembling that and
also we're learning about all the things
that you can't do with a drone right it
do's and don'ts do inspect do take
lessons don't fly beyond line of sight
don't find your airports don't find your
people or stadiums don't fly for payment
or commercial purposes unless percent
authorized by the FAA don't fly anything
that weighs more than 55 pounds don't be
careless or reckless just don't be an
idiot basic okay hey guys your life's
about to get better losing speed around
you alright so Bryan research the Quick
Start Guide he's gonna be the flight
dude and I'm gonna do some skateboarding
tricks but we're gonna let him fly for a
second before he you know Lanza thrown
on my head mid feeble grind you put it
in the battery hole serious district
you can actually play gameboy games on
it game gear like this thing putting the
batter again boom alright I think we're
ready
first flight I'm getting back whoa whoa
hit the record button
it is terrifying
take it go this way
you are backing up in a little hop
I tried so hard not stompers the wall
Brian you just smashed the drone within
30 seconds of doing it right into the
wall
the good thing about this product is
that it's good at being fixed you can
fix it when you destroy it 20 seconds in
yeah I think you can
hit the moment of truth Brian is he like
hold on hold on I gotta get it's gonna
we got it
make it go
we're back in business now I'm going to
step away
all right let's do this whoo film test
Oh should I take off no let me get my
skateboard
and straight up into a wall well
comedian Lee what you do I'm you got the
drone off the ground I went up about 15
feet in and just went straight back into
a wall and explode into a million pieces
look I didn't break it all yeah you're
able to put the whole thing that whole
thing's good but I broke three blades
immediately and uh I thought I broke the
camera thought I wrote the battery I
thought you thought you broke my life I
thought it broke everything but no but
then I got a little bit of a hang of it
and we were to film that we managed to
put it together this is what about word
of advice please test this out in a
field
do not be us do not do it inside a small
warehouse do it outside a big field
where you have all the space in the
world to screw up and get used to it in
case you didn't get from what just
happened this thing is built to take a
tumble we were super impressed how it
went back together perfectly and
operated just fine so they definitely
kept that in mind when they were
designing it that it might be flown like
like people like us that don't know what
they're doing at first um but it worked
out really well we were super impressed
well there it is the test didn't turn up
too bad unfortunately since we're in the
warehouse the lighting additions aren't
the best so I mean this is a 4k camera
this thing can be gorgeous which will do
a 4k test eventually but it's snowy
grouse Midwest out but uh unique thank
you so much for the drone we loved it we
didn't get too many tricks but we only
had like probably like 15 minutes to
film all that and then I had to get
warmed up for some of that so it was
cool so uh mr. chats well you guys will
see more drone footage here on the
channel for sure unique again thank you
if you guys are interested in more of
the unique products the websites right
down there it is this is pretty fun it's
guy can't wait to get this outside and a
street spot yeah that's gonna be like
that's gonna be incredible it's gonna
happen so um let's I guess that you
watch the video I do daily videos for
the subscribe button and if not look at
that guy hi
niggas inside that's my place it's
snowing outside so there's not a roof
house I'm not gonna I'm not gonna go
film drone shots of Mordor you weren't
asking for that attitude why are you
wearing at another hoodie you're going
outside which is pretty supposed to do
this
you
