here's the view from my hotel it's my
last date of Hawaii and I was gonna do a
longer serve but nobody else will do a
day in the life because my GoPro is just
acting like an idiot make sense what
it's doing so we're gonna get packed up
here at the hotel
and then we're gonna meet up with Chris
Chinna Andrew Hales and then we're off
to the other side of Oahu right away
he's about to walk well you have clothes
on that's kind of cool Evan we're gonna
get rounded up and then we're together
set them Island to meet up with Jason
Park maybe some other friends we don't
know but it'll be a fun day come along
for the ride and we'll see what happens
if you like even as you mentioned that I
was getting a shower I just happen to
have clothes on which they present to
you that's Brett Novak people from your
sandpaper he's ready for the day
I'm one from affirmative on from
smarthinking about I am excited for
today I'm John Hill we like John Hill I
would like to say that when I was
surprised you had clothes on I was
surprised you weren't like topless I
assumed that you would have some clothes
on why we're leaving I think I don't
know we haven't actually talked to
Christian or Andrew so we don't know how
this is gonna work they might stay
around they might just stay in Hawaii
yeah all right so Chris and Andrew are
getting a slow start on the name we're
waiting for them Monday a lot of people
have to get through therefore early Sam
and I are here for a good chunk of the
day it's gonna be entertaining in some
fashion I like to think but uh could we
all learn something will happen
something will ask this will be a day
Andrew Hills Christian dental at 41 and
you guys about to leave it peace to all
I'm back in my Aloha shirt which I've
worn pretty much every day since I
bought it
disgusting I haven't skated it I haven't
sweated it I just wear it on the top and
then I take it off when the action goes
down that's out of that one are you
proud of yourself
absolutely yeah it's great I have to
film a video with Chris because he's
about to be at the airport Brett is
driving to Kaneohe to pick up Jason Park
Taber remember when you bought muffins
and they're on the van the entire trip
yeah that's why like that's amazing
YouTube's what's up guys we're doing a
top five in the car okay with this guy
what's your name it's Chris yes his name
is Chris his last name to Jason all
right we replaced one force rider with
another hey hey a day in life 41 has
begun cool did you put on yes close no
that way all right wait back out that
way or reverse all the way down the
street I think I'm gonna call this
episode the last puppy the last it's a
sad day but it's a beautiful moment the
last of the foam he doing
I opened the trunk and they all fell
down so next time we open it it's gonna
happen again this is how we start every
single day in Hawaii we come to this
food land and we get poki what you've
seen in my videos you're probably
annoyed me talking about it but I love
it I'm gonna do it right now
Brett was got me on it before breath
yeah
the last pokey I've been the last one
I'm sad but excited I'm full of fun man
I like it
well we'll go that the worst time ever
we're not we're not redoing you know I
know but I was just I was still in your
for you of your fun oh my gosh we're
done Oh okey dude that is heartbreaking
are you gonna eat it no I'm not gonna be
it was anything else here with the wrong
fish off the ground
Oh some of your like seaweed stuff was
on it and it looked like dirt I mean I
knew it wasn't but all right off to h&L
good times brother thanks for everything
I will see you in LA next month yeah in
three weeks so they're gone now it's
just the three amigos they're gone
what do you what's that box that Stevens
business cards can I have half of them
yeah
wait you like what he does we are here
at Kanye Park and Jason oh hey are you
ready skate yeah okay we're at Connie
Park which is one of the best parks ever
and we're all sore and tired but we're
gonna try to make something out oh my
gosh I was super did you do
this is your home dump park yes alright
trick time I've got a nose slide to
shove you
hey you guys did the first try
all right so we filled a bunch as close
for this and now we're gonna do some
videos for her Sam's channel so you
won't see the rest of this go over to
his channel it'll be down the info
telephone session that one
I had a hectare of all time alright so I
just tried to do FaceTime my wife and
little guy but my wife is busy studying
so I'm really hoping I get to face on
them before I have to leave tonight I go
crazy if I'm not to talk to Ryden but it
usually happens so fingers crossed
I'll keep trying for now we're gonna do
a snow cone yes yeah the greatest snow
cone that has ever existed on the planet
of all time of any time to be so good
just a second of it like ah remember
that one time you guys are wearing the
same thing yeah there's mica me dude
this guy right here lenses first three
of last night I did it was amazing he's
actually was amazing he's really good
he's true every shape where he just
happen to not land if leave with ever
and he did it was amazing
there it is what you get we're in German
vanilla sherbert I got grape and lime I
was one of the comments on my video
which doesn't really make sense finally
talking to ride my god one about me
buddy I mean look it's the snow cone
that I told you about are you gonna come
to Hawaii with me this beautiful - hi
YouTube it's no girl's done they were
delicious they were
will be back out once no one day hi my
name is Carmen Winston yeah getting
ready for the beach yeah pop shuvit
brother then we all had light blue aloha
shirts this feels good cuz she was
amazing my feet are so sore from skating
I should have really started it every
day how about walking on the sand my
feet would feel so good oh such a
perfect day round two
hi ru hi hi
all right short but sweet
this is Lanikai it's one of the best
beaches of the world I swear so all
right I think we're gonna go grab
burgers which I don't need I've been
eating way too much lately I cannot wait
to get home start dieting again but uh
it'll be a good burger so good way to
end the trip and then we get to go to
the airport and go home and here's a
tree weird but Wednesdays hey Sam time
remember when you had shoes on I don't
think I'm gonna wear there are chickens
everywhere in Hawaii hey guys No
all right we be at Teddy's
maybe we should go pants shopping soon
dude in the world we'd be going to Jason
parks house it's true we'll give you his
address
dude I was directions to it was negative
them yourself back I guess and that's
what I met him so we're in we're
cleaning the van out at the end of the
trip that's what you do you clean the
car the gas station putting my
skateboard in my suitcase and I'm gonna
say that Christian left half of a banana
do you know hit the car klappa I think
so we're good he's very close Christian
left half banana in the minivan so
everyone go say hey Christian you forgot
your banana I don't have a rabbit so
there was a day in the life in Hawaii it
might have been shorter I don't know
because at home I had like a thousand
days view and today was just a mellow
enjoyable day I enjoyed it yeah because
of its moments I don't enjoy that I have
to leave now I'm not hanging out with
you because I've been hanging out with
you for a while I know it was wonderful
to have your faces it's okay right now
it's beautiful yeah it's beautifully
sucking then alright either way hey Gina
daylight forty two daily videos and that
is it gonna do harmony so you know
goodbye that was amazing
is either not why you driving but that's
a sign it could totally be local it
could be will get the fly in the car
that's there's a fly in the car yeah
everything we were already reacted like
somebody's gonna think that's real like
man he really hates applause
