YouTube what is up guys it's update
video time it's been a long time stuff
update video time in fact if you go back
in time and find the date and subtract
that date from this date you'll find out
how many days we're between the last
update video let's face it no one is
going to do that and if someone does
they're gonna comment below and then
everyone's gonna like it then you're
like that guy actually did it but yeah
it does update video time or I talk
about my life and all sorts of things
that are going on here's my child look I
got a child right here hey so life has
been actually no what I like to say the
life has been awesome but life has been
super stressful and I'm and oftentimes I
want to pull my hair out of my head know
what actually does that let's put that
out there no one pulls their hair out
has anyone ever done that to get so
stressed yeah who no one does that
either way we use that metaphor about to
pull my hair out okay my life is
insanely busy and stressful okay I just
moved into a new house and that believe
it or not is not an easy thing okay you
moon to know how especially we do have a
lot of furniture you're like I get
furniture and furniture shopping is
probably the worst thing in the world
decay next to shaving shaving sucks but
I'm moving my house and at the same time
I'm starting to travel and film videos
and film for my video part this year
it's just taking away time that I need
to like just can only pause my life and
get something in my house and then TAC
seasons coming up okay and tax season
when you work for yourself is not the
funnest thing taxes suck but I'm gonna
pay them because that's what you do ya
know can I get some hot sauce please
also over the last year and a half you
see me lose a lot of weight here on
YouTube have you been watching my
channels well the holidays are kind of
reversing that okay December like I have
a portion of December on my body right
now I take it with me so pretty much
it's always Christmas season in my belly
how was a weird thing to say I'm so busy
doing all this stuff that I'm not
skating as much and I'm not able to like
skate the weight off and I'm dieting I'm
doing dieting okay when you go to Hawaii
what you just did you're presented good
eateries okay every minute Eddie's this
is the best burger place in the whole
world it's tough all I'm saying is tough
and I really want to skate I want to
have time to skate moving in my house
and just a diet and lose lose weight but
it's hard okay it's very tough but I'm
truckin on I'm gonna get through this
winter it'll be all right there are
something really exciting things having
especially with the companies and I'll
get to that in a second first I would
like to make fun of hoverboards I can't
believe I've ever done this do you have
one of these I'm gonna make fun of them
but you're allowed to have one I know
everyone has this isn't a personal
attack on people that have hoverboards
okay but spoiler alert there's no
hovering involved okay literally okay
you see someone riding down on their
freakin plastic piece of soon to be in
flames device or whatever it is I don't
know they probably don't catch on fire
that much but that's what people talk
and think about it it's a freaking
Segway okay and I'm not the biggest fan
of segways at the same time I don't
really care I make fun of a lot of
things but I don't actually care about
like I don't hold this against anybody
like if Brian Eames rolled in here in
the Segway I would certainly make fun of
him but at the end of the day I'd still
be Brian's friend if you drove a smart
car and a Segway bat would probably end
things but my point is why are they
called hoverboards like it sure it might
appear that you're hovering but you're
not and everybody knows that I don't
know what guy whoever named that
hoverboard is rich it literally is like
I'm making a bicycle and call go
spaceship that's not how it works with
that said if you guys have one of those
I hope you have a great time on them I
just had to make fun of the fact at
least that they're not named properly at
all technology so there's this clip I
found of ridin all right ridin sings a
lot of stuff okay he's he's a singer
let's just call the singer we listen to
a lot of Coheed like he actually likes
coheed and cambria he asked me to play
it for him sometimes I select songs you
know I'm not gonna play him anything -
and if there's like a curse word that
comes on I like I'll turn the volume
down cuz he's just four years old okay
but I found this clip on my wife's iPad
of ridin I didn't know even I knew he
was on the iPad I don't know what he was
doing but he was in the back seat and I
was we were lizard coding cambria and
he's seen they're filming his face
singing in Coweta cameras at the cutest
thing in the world especially because I
randomly found this clip so I put on my
Instagram you might have seen it but I'm
gonna play it right here this is ridin
playing singing coheed and cambria yeah
that's right he knows the leaders to go
he in Camarillo
painful
there you go that was your daily dose of
cute um I hope you guys enjoyed that now
I'm going to move on to the next segment
when which I talk about something
different that I just talked about
reviving force there are some things
happening in those worlds and it's very
exciting
first off next month is March and that
is when both of the spring and the
spring the spring of the spring I'm an
idiot okay
that's when both of the spring releases
happen okay the revive is gonna happen
in the beginning of the month and then
force will happen at the end of the
month pana which is awesome we've got by
if there's six we have six new decks
coming out okay that's a lot of decks we
got a handful of shirts we've got some
accessories this release kind of has a
theme at least with some of the products
so and you guys like this type of
product so I'm really excited to unveil
that we'll unveil that later at the end
of this month like a week before it I
think March 4th is when they actually go
on sale that week you're gonna wear us
Wednesday about showing everything and
we'll start sneaking it into videos here
and there so hang in there it sneak
peeks are happening but we had a lot of
stuff being released so get excited now
with force which is you know it's like
is about two months away at this point
cuz it's uh we gotta go through all
February and then at the end of March
force is getting six new pairs of wheels
and we're all excited about that and
some apparel I don't actually it since
it's a little farther off I don't have a
huge grasp on what exactly it is being
released but I know you'll get apparel I
know you'll get those wheels and and
they're looking really good so far so be
excited for that also force is going on
tour we're gonna do an East Coast tour
in April and we're gonna film a digital
download and DVD I don't know what's
gonna be called but either way we got
most of the team on board it is going to
be fun so if you love on the East Coast
get psyched we'll let you know what
spots we're gonna be over skating
publicly at and then if you're bummed
that you level the west coast because
some people live on the west coast and
some people on the west coast be on the
East Coast when this happens we're gonna
do a revive West Coast tour mainly for
screwed up Street filming but we'll
definitely be doing some like skate and
hangs like at least two of them like one
in LA one SF I don't know it'll be a lot
of fun though so uh stay tuned for all
that information and as you've noticed
shred quarters has been you selling a
lot of different products ok we sell
thieve trucks we sell orion trucks we
sell silver trucks we sell bearings like
a lot of different stuff well now we
finally are selling shoes ok actually
we're gonna be yesterday we now will
carry s and America shoes I love these
two companies I you know they're both
from they're both kinda like the same
company likes they're both
my sole tech and the shoes are amazing
they're the best 8 shoes I have stood be
hiding these companies since I was 14
years old okay basically a hundred years
and I'm really psyched to be selling
these on a straight course so if you
want to check it out go to the
schrenkers comm their link will be right
down there or you can just type in your
url bar there's there's probably a
keyboard in front of your face you can
use that okay if there's no sort of
keyboard in front of your face I have no
idea what you're watching is on because
even your phone has one embarrassing
story time okay I try to give you guys
some insight on how dumb my life has
been at times and how dumb I can create
it that didn't make sense but I tried to
film this three times so I'm just gonna
keep going whatever words come out of my
mouth I went to school one morning okay
in eighth grade all right I woke up and
if you've been ever been an eighth
grader and had to wake up for school it
sucks okay it's like one of the worst
things the world like alarm clocks can
fly off I would like to punch an alarm
clock in the face I want to find a
person named alarm clock and punch them
no I don't want to do that I'm just
saying it's especially their names are
long it's a weird name anyway I'm not
punching anybody but I will punch an
alarm clock because they suck especially
in eighth grade I go to school tired
because I'm an eighth grader it's early
and I'm sitting in my second class okay
not my first not a homeroom but my
second class I've been there for a while
and one of the girls that was in my
class she was popular and most guys
found her attractive looked over at me
calmly clearly she had been thinking
this for a while she's like do you know
that your pants are inside-out I look
down and I was like yes I do I do I
tried to keep called I remember and I
was like yes I do
and then ironically I had to go to the
bathroom shortly after and then I was
like you know what might as well okay I
went to the bathroom immediately
afterwards tried and I did I'd
successful in and try to do anything I
put my pants on right oh I hung up my
friends before school like you know that
little walk that we had awesome time
before school where you guys just
complain about being tired and stuff I
hung out with my friends and nobody told
me granted they were dudes they might
not notice it but I had my pants on
inside-out how do you do that I really
don't know how you do that cuz I haven't
done it since that was the only time in
my life that I've been that dumb and
then of course that girl had to just
calmly tell me okay the whole class is
probably laughing at me which you know
at this point I'm psyched that it's a
story that I could tell on YouTube but
as an eighth grader a tired frickin 8th
grader I was pumped okay I was pumped
that's that's an honest story so when
you're going on in life and something
embarrassing happens at least you
haven't been that guy okay at least you
didn't spend hour
of your day with your pants inside out
say that sentence out loud does that rot
ridiculous Brian Chambers has headphones
on he's i'ma listening to but that's it
guys hope you guys dug his update video
I'll be back tomorrow I do daily videos
so if you'd like what you saw if you
want to see more weirdness for me hit
the subscribe button but tomorrow I have
a date a life 41 which happens all in
Hawaii that's the first day in life that
I have ever filmed out of town I think
that's right but then I have a cool
drone video and then some vlog so I got
a film for next week but so stuffs
happening I'm also half way done filming
we don't revenge 60s so that will come
to be the next few weeks I'm sure but
either way thank you for watching Ryden
do you want to do you want to do the
outro
come here you cute child okay come on
make weird face and go
time it's been a long time since I've
update video time it's been the exact
time since I've done an update video
what oh I try to talk but either way
let's start talking I'm gonna talk about
some things if you don't hear me talk
don't watch this video I got scape ed no
don't say that you stinking bug what
stories I tried to give you guys some
insights on the rather times in my life
that weren't cool was that a sentence
I'm really bad I've been doing this for
so long dude I mean it's good I guess
that's good that I suck at it because it
it would get here we get boring if I got
good dead not sucking what a bunch of my
life in a nutshell something exciting
these are this abhi I can talk okay if
you put a sentence on a piece of paper
ripped it up that'd be my brain right
now
don't push to take that take that
somewhere
you
