me alright well off camera on it that's
just happen okay let's use your
skateboard sweetie welcome to the
beaches can face it mama told me to pray
that Jesus never service by scopus she
sees it and a pastor don t lose it if
the bid you should you need it
made its way call me baby
started with ya
you
youtube what is up guys uh yeah I'm
sitting here on my couch but I needed to
talk to you so this is this is what's
happening right now okay so you've
probably seen a lot of those clips if
you've been watching my channel for a
while what I do every year is I take a
handful of my favorite tricks that
didn't skate parks from the year before
I make a little montage of it throw some
music and put it online hope that you
guys were entertained by it I just kind
of like to have my footage all in one
place once a while so hope you guys dug
that I did want to take a second to say
thank you to weird science this is uh my
do Josh efforts hip hop group and its
really really good a lot of the hip-hop
and rap on that you hear on the radio is
just like oh my gosh that's all I want
to say about it weird science is really
really refreshing it's a breath of fresh
air if you like hip-hop you need to
check them out josh is actually the
drummer of coheed and cambria so thank
you josh for letting me use the song i'm
really hyped to get it out there in the
world but the whole album is good
seriously go album rocks definitely
check it out but I am going to give you
guys a chance to win a skateboard I'm
going to give away one revive skateboard
anyone you want any size that we have it
in and how to enter is you're going to
go to weird sciences Facebook it is
right down there give them a like on the
top of the page and then go down and
like any one of their posts you like all
of them if you want um but I will pick
up one of the recent posts and go to
likes and pick a winner and content you
contact you I'll make sure whoever wins
actually has of the contest I'm not
going to give away at some random person
but there you guys go if you want to try
to win skateboard just like I said go to
weird sizes Facebook the link is right
down there like the page so you're
following it and then go ahead and like
one of their top or one of their recent
posts and then I will pick a one of the
lakers to win a skateboard if you're
going than 18 make sure your parents are
you're entering this and then now you
can win anywhere in the world but thank
you guys for watching I'm gonna stop
talking really loudly in my house it's
like one o'clock in the morning and my
child is sleeping up there sure noise it
could be a ghost
