it didn't work oh my gosh
let me try do it which I do it Wow it
doesn't work at all here hold this Brian
get over here well we're doing it this
is the way okay I'm terrified of you
come on my warehouse when seeing it Oh
second you I nailed it okay warehouse
Wednesday where else Wednesday here take
the camera back
take the camera don't let it drop you're
going this drop oh my gosh Wow
I did anyone help me keep my skateboard
that was a really good exchange that was
very good all right boys
sketchy all right this is all now you
remember doing by the way
we're gonna do it you wanted you weren't
even involved we're into a board swap
okay it's not yeah
each remember bring a warm-up for two
minutes and then your switchboards
Andy skates and eights and he's got
Titus trucks and you skin eight point
five and you basically no bushings so it
should be very interesting and so the
we're gonna do is our switchboards
here's a skate for ten minutes and
whoever Casey thinks did the best is
going to get twenty bucks and get to
shoot the other person with this Wow
yeah you saw hopefully in the pace
hopefully no no in the UH in the the in
the face and the chest probably gonna my
face I'm gonna that would literally out
winning that can break your nose that
could break a nose it could make for
good video no we're not breaking
anyone's nose okay I'm sorry to put a
kibosh on your playground plans don't do
that all right you're all right let's go
you agree to the terms you don't matter
do you sure yeah okay you matter as a
person though I mean you're really cool
thank you you're a good board catcher
too
my hands were in my pocket I know and
you did say you're bad board catcher but
it's okay we still like it you had two
minutes on your board to warm up and you
go and then he skates my board for ten
minutes
don't don't ya get your stupid pocket
watch out then I go okay hey you're good
I feel like every time you get a haircut
your hair just like shorter and you just
said performance and proportion to the
previous thing that is absolutely true
right it does I feel like every time you
spend money your bank account goes down
a little bit you're an idiot you know
what listen I'm the idiot okay right
he's warning you get your calculator out
my calculator is not out he's coming out
right now
two minutes two minutes stop doing
tricks in a manual stop tricking man go
154 was a stopwatch nope is timer go
he's got two minutes we should've never
got this thing is a good way to warm up
I think Aaron care about that actually
he's done he's been going for 45 seconds
about a minute isn't letting anything
you exploded time he's got 18 seconds
one more
all right that's it right he
successfully good for boardslides in two
minutes good job there you go eight inch
with a medium two tight trucks do ten
minutes is not a long time to like it
sounds like a lot but when you're just
trying to do a bunch of tricks ten
minutes is nothing you have ten minutes
to skateboard almost got the bullet he
does not like these trucks he's not like
oh that's a tough trick not as good
back-to-back very very clean
you are like the king of every
boardslide right now you can do anything
your trucks don't pendants who else was
a bit we've got eight minutes left
Oh ah I didn't see that one coming I
filmed it horribly come to the super but
shot that was the first note slide to
fakie on this rail no one would ever
want to do that trick good he is
crushing on this board I know he just
walked around given the like the thinker
look like what will I skate next time
that's gone is terrifying
you are gonna have a hard time I am you
I'm gonna you know what I think I'm just
gonna dark slide his board the whole
time
perfect I should like let's get the
stairs five minutes and 49 seconds
halftime is in 40 seconds
oh one more try till halftime how do you
feel about the situation right now
you're doing very well thank you I don't
know how to describe it it doesn't move
like I can't I have to lift the board
physically every time - but you look
beautiful on his hicpac around a turn
but you landing a lot of tricks if he
wins this it's basically means tighter
trucks are better yeah bring it up yeah
all right but uh you're doing good does
anyone want to coach him in any ways
he's doing pretty good that was a great
coach all right back in time back on
let's do this come on Jim you're doing
great
what do you say coach he's doing pretty
good
I was style poisonous to Johnny Rotten
what they're for nine minutes left
that was only 30 seconds yes how's your
chin rest great three minutes
I like how like it looks like he's in
complete control and then sometimes it
looks like he's like a dog riding a
bicycle
Oh doing good I'm gonna have a hard time
it sucks that I'm filming you you
basically walk one minute 31 seconds
which is completely Boylan say the one
sec is because now is 28 36 seconds and
he's just stuck a really good skating
drink one more shot 12 seconds as the
buzzer buzzer dude congratulations you
did a man I'll do a dance I'm gonna pre
you did really good I'm preemptively
knuckling your victory buckling Brian
you have even seen anything with
anything wherever you are
bring it hey well you got your hair it
gets shorter you're filming now I guess
this is redundant scape don't shoot me
in the head with that thank you Brian
anything's gonna win this boy looks
absolutely old Alex yeah he's got my
vote right now because Andy hasn't
skated Andy screwed like there's like a
congregation happening right now we can
conquer your ruler
well then tie me and then us move you
have two minutes to run house good
fifty seconds let me shut yeah two
seconds you got oh look at this look at
the truck
watch it literally jiggles IV I can
twist it with my hand I can type it yeah
so you can turn okay back yet no wheel
by going on here at all
no none that's why I use wax please
these wax let me get in place first save
the next for three seconds ten minutes
of keyboard
I'm solid I was good there's the wider
board you could have like more like the
land on
oh this is I feel like a human rubber
band oh yeah tighter trucks you landed
that it's been a minute a half you got
eight minutes there's getting on this
there's a lot of buttons on it it
doesn't work
Oh 6 minutes 50 seconds playing Zach
he's doing he's doing all right
oh good you like popped that out of it
oh it feels like an anvil break my
skateboard
oh yeah well we're trying that it's
halftime okay oh bit 5 minutes and 6
seconds but you wouldn't have chance to
get back there do another one so we call
halftime right now how do you feel awful
I'm sure you look off it's like someone
made a tightrope out of the ocean and
you're blindfolded and trying to do her
he's got the best descriptors for things
that taste bad to him or do or are bad
for him do you like I wish you could
feel how I feel on skateboards on trucks
though right no this is like this is
takes all the joy out of skating like
for me you'll love it you're used to it
but the whole time you're riding off
you're like like someone's shaking you
like whenever they're you pop a three
flip it sounds like somewhat exchanged
and like all right continue five minutes
oh don't walk through your heart around
a bit
that was he Wilber just amazing forever
the best one I've ever done
do a nosegrind SAR back-to-back cupboard
lap okay good oh that was really good
that was good
that's the only resented the news run
that was way easier in the news right
that holy crap how do you feel about
that I I think you just like notch
himself up there the only day we are you
fool capitals pretty good ear the jingle
one get away three minutes left he's
done he's done some stuff Magnus backs
left foot was going to be his two and a
half minute battle um I'm calling that
role of all was that Saturn itself
amazing insurance I've ever seen him
scheme not only let anything she's I'm
super motivated why did why my gosh he
knows beautiful he wins that was amazing
yeah I'm gonna have fun
what you got a minute 20 seconds up dude
Wow 360 shuvit I think Rosie turn
impossible and that won't show up it's
like halfway
you got it 35 seconds get two tries wow
dude oh my got face is totally in show I
think I even have words I think it is
totally in shot yeah well you got 9
seconds left would you like to try to
add something I'm gonna do this right
I'm okay so you know you have a decision
to make friend oh there it is Andy
Andy's the winner I think you have a lot
in a road on every single trip you've
ever done especially smooth ones is
literally the magic carpet of Aladdin it
hadn't slept for five days pressure
I'm dude I've been pumping it away that
is an amazing analogy yeah yeah tired
magic carpet from Aladdin is what Alex
beating skateboard time I feel like Alex
doesn't deserve this because you've been
skating that board like that's
punishment
I mean he deserves it I want to go for
the moon you're gonna hit me right in
the nether net I always come up on that
hand that looks governing I'm glad
chilling my salon you pop you said they
poked it up a lot we're doing it again
there's a gauge on since I'm here with
the gays I forget Lego games let's not
listen to me oh wow dude get her yeah I
took Taekwondo and they say if you want
to hurt somebody hit him where the
brisket I don't know what's going where
the rib cage meets a brisket yeah and I
hit him right there dude okay I'm good
I'm in you Joe hey see don't jump I
thought to hit the wall I'm you see go
I hope you guys enjoyed that where else
Wednesday we do this every week you
probably know this if you watch my
channel by now but this guy recently
started crushing videos again are you
doing daily yet yeah bang on dailies
doing daily videos again and you should
definitely go subscribe to his channel
do not it'll be at the end of this video
and write down in the info and he's also
going to give away one of these limited
edition Ames Rattlers these were a promo
during Black Friday weekend only and we
have a few more and he's going to give
away one on his channel and then maybe
some skateboards to go with it unlike a
skateboard you win that or a skateboard
on his channel so there'll be a giveaway
later either this week or the early next
week
alright this week you guys ready now you
want to today oh let's do it today now
he'll just put a video on his channel so
go subscribe to him the link down the
info or at the end of this video and
he'll have a new video up that you can
enter to win that stuff so good luck
guys not thank you you're welcome
no thank you thank you I'm thinking you
oh you're welcome
they say you're welcome to I think let's
just I don't know what we're talking
about
