yeah so I'm here in Las Vegas the place
is beautiful look at this waterfall on
the side of the building at the Aria
casino they have a raspberry latte and
don't get it it's weird you are welcome
run over there
but covered it all just one okay I'll be
good
Oh started into the bike got my keyboard
oh man Oh kick it hi guys watch my Stoke
super say Colin big ride yeah ooh my
hands will not go above my shoulders
so uh YouTube how your dad school was
like David at school good what what you
do um don't you walk and not if on
cannot eat buffets and not eat it smack
you just didn't work and you didn't eat
anything I bet you did eat something
no I the people your score the nicest
people in the world well then they let
me they did let you eat uh I'm gonna ask
your mom hmm I'm gonna ask your mama oh
I know
would you eat Oh Jeff for lunch like hey
leggo for lunch you did not eat like us
for lunch that's for sure okay no you
did not
that's awful nah your bagel okay okay
did I Wow what is the heart do not eat
the cat is bagel
hey guys start with the short upload I
have been in Hawaii recently and life's
a little bit a little bit crazy so this
is my video for today I'll be back to my
longer videos my normal swing of things
tomorrow but until then hope you guys
have a great day kind of sent along a
voice but I do have a voice because I'm
using it either way here's one more clip
goodbye uh it's Christmas time spirits
are high everyone's happy
and then there's this guy that's going
to murder you in your sleep
