no go over to the other side huh and
we're gonna know your what you're gonna
do is you're gonna walk okay and then
we're gonna meet you're gonna say I'm
John Hill okay all right go right go
where's Eddie I'm John Hill yeah get off
here come on John Hill he is uh if you
guys don't know him he's on force wheels
uh and he is whoo-whoo-whoo you're right
pork one let's have a boot on ski shop
IKEA rat cheese gourmet wax of course I
get a grip tape is that a Long Beach and
that's it and four seals Wow enforceable
York said that's I did say that yeah
he's an upper camera on YouTube right
now he's one of the greatest
skateboarders that have ever
skateboarded upon a skateboard and um
you probably are known as videos he's
good they're blowing up lately
welcome to the show I'm glad to be here
okay we're gonna go out with a bang top
five video parts video part
skateboarding video part my hands are
super gross because I tried a street
trick I have a pretty typical list
though it's a like Eric Austin Yeah
right okay PG lads one of them over like
you and I think everybody's always said
that but yeah that's the best part I
like that you cut these clips cuz it
takes I do cut these clothes except this
one this is gonna be the raw one from
randomly uh Chris Corbin cut and dry go
go burn um and I'm so bad at this it's
crazy
um I'll silvus and the new LRT video I
think I'm not doing someone justice by
saying no you're you're disappointing so
many people like now and then probably
Shane O'Neill welcome whatever part
whatever part nollie back heel it's
wallenberg I like that part a little
more actually not that kill wahlberg
yeah that oh bomber yeah that was his v
expert insane yeah top 5 YouTube
channels um this one's actually easy for
me uh any shark because all my friends
are on there and so was Andy and he's
funny I think Casey nice that is a good
channel whoo Casey nice tat ok it's like
actually the other four aren't
skateboarding YouTube channels that's
good ok so case a nice that I like
anything rhett and Link does yup they're
like good mythical morning and all that
stuff um this is weird but I like
superwoman a lot I don't even know what
that is I mean I know who's superwoman
is yeah I don't watch it insane amount
but I think Supergirl or entertaining
okay and then I guess like that Roman
at what blogs guys heal it actually
lives in Cincinnati Hills no ha okay
okay yeah yeah no he doesn't but yeah
his channels like really nice and
uplifting so nakulan is that five that's
five oh top five skate city skate cities
um Charlotte North Carolina Cincinnati
Ohio probably cuz I don't see it enough
like these guys do but it's super fun
Raleigh North Carolina can have to North
Carolina's in there yes it is okay and
then uh la Miami Florida
whoever there we should go that's super
fine sugar yeah I'm just trying to
figure out five and some top five meats
meats oh gosh I have so many meats that
I like I'm a vegetarian I don't need I
don't eat meat
you have to the question you have before
yeah question uh bacon yeah absolutely
number one pain now okay um chicken
wings chicken wings is actually my
favorite food of all time we should get
some shit um kidding I don't know make
tofu versions of I'm sure they do
actually the pride religious oh good
question
this is really really disgusting but
spam not all around Hawaii spam musubi
really it's been missing me yeah it's a
thing span musubi okay well my mom's
korean she must like this really spicy
Spanish yeah it's like if you I'm not
gonna judge on that so I'm saying okay
uh another meat just try to think of any
me right now hot dogs yeah you know when
you're on a budget hot dogs um then
and any type of beef it's super
delicious I hate to say it sorry
vegetarians it's really good you just
said sorry to yourself I did
top five jobs top five jobs like period
to have yeah I guess skateboarding would
be really clean up maybe you tubing you
know - anything that tools anything
that's self-employed but these days
anything can be a job so I'm pretty much
like anything that you're into can be
yeah it can be a job um I feel like
acting is a cool job I'll be all sore so
yeah like I can be super cool job these
all like it seems like superficial jobs
we're not really these are awesome hmm I
guess like any type of graphic designing
I feel I could be really fun where you
just so need computer make cool things
which is like kind of any art type job
as well that's very broad can I say an
artist yeah sure okay an artist Oh top
five flip tricks thank you flips switch
a flips switch heelflip so much faster
there you were ready in your face did
not change nollie heelflips and thank
you big flips top five things to do if
this were the last owner oh my goodness
I don't know figure out a way to make it
to space um how was your first one that
was good okay keep going this one hang
out with your family as much as possible
I don't know skate naked top 500
triggers will figure out the thing
you're most scared to do and do it that
day so skate naked um is such a good
question I got a question was that how'd
you get so definitely do something super
super uncomfortable and like public any
huge so like I don't know like stand a
firmer crowd and yell something really
embarrassed like moon the president that
exactly what I'm talking about move the
president I would min the president yeah
alright one more I guess just tell
people that you really care about that
they're awesome oh I got a little sweet
I had to yeah we won top five obstacles
of skateboard on manual pads ledges
stairs
why girl manual pads is that it's not a
thing if you flash on your pad uh I
didn't mean you do flat ground Oh flat
ground yeah fucker that's for yeah flat
rails a flat bar fuck yeah well that was
ship is number one actually but yeah
okay at flat bar I see a flat bar but
it's fine
five rails top five words
dude dude five times if you do do do do
do do do you dude
sick okay dog dog I try to make myself
do second dog you want to do bro and
dude sick dog man dude sick man man and
man fun oh my gosh I was the worst five
words ever visually the best at the same
time top five cereals
I don't need cereal okay nicely coated
see are you rubbing off on people
no do you any cereal no he loves here
buddy only that's like oles oh yeah I
don't know me and I about opposite
appetites okay
Lucky Charms Cheerios um probably not
you know fruity pebbles I'll say that I
might get Donny that um what dates the
Cheerios I'm said honey nut cheerios are
the same thing there's like the plain
ones and there's the honey nut which are
way behind nut cheerios okay pretty
pebbles yeah three yeah there's two at
your miss any any chocolate thing like
Cocoa Puffs cover of Krispies Cocoa
Krispies okay
you guys remember some max yeah I don't
have to remember I still exist I like oh
yeah those are super good spanks yes max
well how did you not say Golden Grahams
or frosted flakes I don't know I blew it
the last one I asked everyone of this
top 5 things do besides skateboarding
besides skateboarding top 5 things to do
um are you guys on the top I think I
like to do outside of skateboarding yes
you okay um this YouTube account yes it
does this editing and filming go along
with that or just say youtubers one
youtubing I'm sake videography
videography okay there you go - lets do
that's it okay YouTube videography
they're gonna counter over here I guess
graphic designing okay yeah you do that
you do that I do like to do that um read
you are a nerd no fluid no I like radio
rating is awesome that was a complete
joke I wish I could read a book in a fly
with the graphic design yeah took it too
far
the more you earn the more you learn
degrees one more I'm nervous dude I
can't I can't sit okay I'm trying to
like a peace to everyone around me and
now screw these guys come on just now
they're friends
oh don't make your answers based on what
they're gonna do a travel drive those
that's good there you go hey yeah we do
that sometimes haven't doing a lot all
right dude
thank you John Hill you guys want to see
more from this awesome dude there's a
link right down the info and then at the
end of this video
yeah check him out he's not becoming on
YouTube and he rules thank you hey do
something entertaining right now
that was amazing how did you drink honey
I didn't even try to do I know did you
know it right there okay you want to try
to redeem yourself with that slip oh
yeah you did it
the kinda is on this stick the landing
yeah we're back get the thumb hold on
gonna do it oh oh gonna do over me no
okay
that's what we do so that right we do
boom people
you
