dude you alright this is a superb rotary
lens with clean YouTube well better
hey it's Malaga so ten is it yeah and in
fact I'd say you know the word vlog
sucks yeah it does and everyone like
people are getting mad over the last
time they were like dude why do you what
do you have to hate on your content then
another guy was like just say the word
vlog is like it's like an ongoing joke
you know like like selfie I don't let
something else okay but I don't I'm not
trying to offend anyone by hating on the
word vlog like you can say it I don't
care yeah it's not going joke and either
way it's a YouTube video so you press
shouldn't take it too seriously but with
that said we're gonna continue this
awesome word vlogger sewed episode 10
I'm gonna try to darkslide today are you
yeah and he said he was nice enough to
film me but first I'm gonna go outside
and make fun of the snow go Punk that's
exactly I'm gonna do I'm not a violent
person but I am we're here at red
quarters as you guys know and Thomas
Alvarez is here we're gonna do an
interview with Thomas right now okay all
right Thomas you are on a deserted
island not in the interview at all this
is a what-if question well you're out on
deserted island and all you have is
pickles okay could be worse
wasn't even a question it really could
be worse these pickles are awesome
alright but no you're a desert island
and you have to have only one item of
food on going until you're off the
island what would it be
pasta pasta yeah this is so many would
you'd be like the fattest dude on the
beach if pasta will be good though I
mean I'm not you I'm imagine that just
sitting on a beach full of chicken
alfredo you know you cut it does so it's
snowed recently and it's actually drying
up like there's barely any snow but it's
just enough snow to keep me from ski
that's getting shrek for is I've been
stuck in here for a few weeks which is
awesome I love straight quarters but I
you know I like to film and differ
literally it's cooler the snow's melting
but it's still getting punched
you're an idiot I was a super
comfortable and punch house it I'm gonna
go try darks right now oh I didn't get
that I know that was cool can you do it
again
again house cool so I played a game of
skate with Alex to warm up he destroyed
me he was skating this board which is
the dark side board which is about to
crumble into pieces he beat the crap out
of me but the one trick I appreciate the
ones I landed you first try I've never
done in my life and I did it really good
so I'm gonna film that that's the trick
you've never met I've never missed a
trick about someone did that Barracks
start you're just cry hey that smells
amazing by the way
that's a cool cup I'm gonna try to learn
another trick I'm gonna try to throw a
kid
all right total how solid hey towards
the bathrooms oh yeah the bathrooms the
dumbest looking thing in the background
ever that skateboard has like no pop you
would know you but absolutely now that
sucks so we go how did you just throw it
off at the end I do like the crappiest
way to dark side everybody is a dark
side so I'm like hey it's a dark side
right that was a sentence wait a little
wax appeal I'm gonna lock in perfectly
and I don't wanna put some wax on your
board probably the worst thing
like this I mean I did it how I did is
because I have no talent
I just try things until they happen but
hey I did a nurse said that so I was
like I was sitting my office and I knew
I wanted to a vlogger so it all went to
a dark slide
sounds cool let's try some dude I'm
gonna try front door sliding my Landon
you have to shave your beard dark slide
whoa yeah you have to shave your nail
you have to rock board darks
holy rabbits when I get frustrated
skating that was kind of just weird and
dumb but I always go to an s-sound if
you're notice that kind of yeah like
I'll say Shaquille O'Neal all the time
like I said like Shaq I've hurt you yeah
you're a hero dude I'm gonna do an IOU
on these cuz this is good I could
probably go all day and just get this
yeah yeah saw film you guys are
something or skate out of it you get to
keep your beard today Brian you're lucky
you see yourself lucky
you usually are really good at that this
guy can drift on a pallet Jack across
the warehouse
this guy's channel is in the info below
this is not a good idea it does work it
is also the loudest thing that's ever
happy I'm Thomas
I was like can you do it yeah you just
stuck it you just lightning voted that
at me I'm good I'm alright we'll take
that Bryan's learning a new trick in
fact he already landed it off camera his
first one off camera was better Oh
Thomas back him up you got it how did
you land that you're gonna be better
this than skateboarding in like 30
seconds
of course that's the one you'll and when
I bang the hand of the handrail with the
camera dude starting to really like
awesome little montage of you what
happened we're taking it we're taking it
you kind of looked like the gingerbread
man from Shrek rolling away but cool you
know what we're gonna trick you do a
flip took off the kicker just gonna
skate the stairs and saw the kicker
don't do this at home don't do this
anywhere it scared my heart out of my
heart but every flip for a tre flip or a
360 flip okay cool Wow ha did that like
honestly feel good so good now that was
perverted hopefully I didn't film it
like an idiot your hand is the color of
the ground that's done I got to go to
Home Depot and I'm going to I'm trying
to find see if something exists to make
a certain video that'll be really fun
that you guys will like but I'm not
gonna go to detail but I am gonna go do
that right now
hey light turn off want to take a second
to say I get a lot of questions on
what's the difference between a day in a
life and a flawless ode and I felt like
I feel like it's pretty clear a day in
the life is literally a day in my life
like I wake up and I start filming and
then I end my day with the end of the
episode and vlog Asad can be like I mean
it can be a whole day but it could be
like a few hours like this one I started
at 2 o'clock today and I'll probably
ended it like I don't know like 5:30 6
o'clock you know so blaga so is kind of
have no rules they could even go for a
whole weekend for just one episode if I
wanted to but a daily lives are strictly
one day I have a little different
approach like I wouldn't probably talk
this long about one topic in a day in
the life but the end of life I simply
just document what happens in my day
vlog Assad I kind of do whatever it
wants so
that's it that's really what the
difference is all the people that do not
understand now let's go to the hardware
store which smells fantastic let's put
that out there hardware stores smell
amazing I'm like really excited to go to
Home Depot now ok I'm here and I'm going
to look for something and even if they
and if they have it even if they don't
have it I'm not gonna tell you guys
because I don't want to spoil the video
for you but I'm hoping they do because I
have a really cool idea planned and it
might help some of you guys out if they
do have this so wish me luck I'm gonna
cut being back in my house probably high
so I I'm in the dark no let me guys can
see me I was right the hardware store
smelled amazing and they did have it so
I think I can put the video together I
don't know if it's gonna come out as
good as I thought it was gonna be but I
think I can make it work so that's that
I'm gonna go find my child who could
possibly sleeping which means I
shouldn't be talking this loud hi how
was school it was long
oh you're here you're home now there it
is those water put together and riding
is supposedly upstairs in his playroom
he recently got the Death Star for his
birthday as well well I got a Death Star
playset and he's obsessed with it he is
so into it
Hey oh Ken wow your players a mess right
playing with the Death Star
hey you know what buddy I think we got
to give the desk our back yeah we got to
get back to the people who got from
great ticket I am kidding
oh come on get over here give me a hug
hey buddy
what school was it good was it fun I
just ate a chewable vitamin it tasted
pretty good never okay that's weird I
love you
no I love you too buddy oh hey look
we're gonna put this together yeah this
is a vlogger so ten riding say hi
blogger said hi lager sowed yeah we are
gonna build this take it open it over
this thing
all right I have never built one of
these kind of Legos look at this Cape
Breton can I eat this Cape oh okay
alright let's open up all of the bags
can you get me two of the ball thingies
yes please
I need two of them there's one oh yeah -
hey I'm Lani Paul don't do not try to
eat this yeah hit the rock too slow too
slow too slow
oh you got it there thank you good
hey guys what's going on in here his
legs are gonna be way too big for his
body what are you you don't think so
yeah I think he looks kind of funny I'm
huge legs they really are
boom there you go you did it Oh like
look over and ride ins just putting
together the lightsaber you almost did
it - all right now put together look you
give I thought I did this would you like
do the honors of putting his collar runs
head on push it down really hard boom
there is my kinda where that mean bad
girl you like it thank you for giving me
this color where they go for your
birthday boy that was nice of him wasn't
it alright so that is blogger so 10 done
I had fun hanging out with you at the
end of it and we're gonna keep having
fun we had to go buy a mattress right
sorry we'll play with it later we're
gonna go buy a mattress and then we're
gonna go eat at bins and then go to the
grocery store we have a long night ahead
of us okay
but you guys get to end here so I'll see
you guys tomorrow would you date the
videos hit the subscribe button to want
to see more and that is it thank you
guys for hanging out riding you have any
last words
none you don't even want to say cassette
tape I'm hot glue tape hot glue tape
pretty good
pretty good I have no idea where it came
from but that'll work high-five
high-five you missed - missed you missed
you he definitely hit you Tim are you
okay yeah
