oh my gosh if you have not seen that
already your life just got vastly better
and I know it was a hard slam and I know
this is mean but it's like the funniest
slam I have seen in a while no offense
to ninja or ninjas hip or pretty much
all of ninjas body because he had to be
sore the next day it literally got
funnier and funnier every time I watched
it like it's the best clip just watch
over and over again that's what you're
about to do you can just send me a
Christmas present for what I'm about to
show you like the mini ramp literally
did a wrestling move on him like his
body like moves as if it just got thrown
to the ground it's amazing it's
beautiful like I'd seen this fall before
and I sat down to film this video to
watch it again to refresh my brain and
I'll just laugh so hard oh my gosh I
wish I was there just to witness that
beautiful moment that was ninja getting
apocalypse if that wasn't a verb to talk
about falling it is now okay and in
g-got apocalypse look I can product off
for five minutes just about how amazing
it is but I won't I'll continue onward
and the next thing I want to talk about
is ninja get a new mini ramp I've skated
it myself there's actually a video on
his channel of me skating and I did like
a trick or two maybe but it was
impossible it was like a wall dude like
I'm all about steep transition like I
respect that but it's like a little
transition thing to a wall and then when
you land it you're just like dude okay
hurry sound effect for ninjas main ramus
yeah but he's stubborn
okay we've told him like dude ninja you
need to redo your mini ramp he's think
nope not happening wait I gotta give it
to him he gets skated he does really
well he's done some very good tres it
was like back tail backside flip out on
that like who does that
especially on that mini ramp it's insane
I don't know Nick you know this fall
kind of makes me want to do a video on
my channel
okay next so next time I go there maybe
I'll try something crazy I'm not sure
but either way you oh my gosh would be
amazing a ninja got a new mini ramp but
going back to the fall it is the best
free action I have ever heard as always
ninja takes like man he kind of just
stands up and he's like doesn't show
that he's in pain because he was he quit
he had to be in pain and he just kind of
firmly and
the video it's amazing well sorry hope
you guys enjoyed I will see you next
time you can hear this the tone of his
voice that he would love to strangle
something okay he would like to strangle
his mini-ramp
okay if his Rainer was a person it would
be getting chokeslam that's what would
happen it's hilarious because he did
just hear him kind of try to keep it
together he was like I just got
apocalypse but I'm okay with it okay
yeah I'm something bad I'm a man ninja
he's a tough dude I'll give him that but
that was the most priceless ending to
any any video ever like it's the best
way I mean you're in video could've
ended I let that be a warning too if you
ever got a ninjas bad side like if he
talks to you like that probably good
idea you're gonna be that mentoring
they're gonna get chokeslam okay don't
do that
maybe not he's actually a super nice
dude like but I still wouldn't want to
mad at me geez clear just by the tone of
that swell sorry
well sorry oh boy last week I had a fall
Friday with ninja 2 and I did a rap song
not even thinking that the next fall
Friday with him and it would be even
better
slam to be a creator rap song so I'm
gonna reuse a joke okay I'm gonna reuse
a thing and I'll make a rap song I'm
ninjas body once again
and I've said that sentence two times to
many of my life
I don't have a beat while I'm filming
this so hopefully that turned out pretty
good but either way ninja thank you so
much for having that fall you know I
know you could skate your mini ramp but
that fall was the best thing that's came
out of your main rehab it's amazing it's
beautiful it's a piece of art if I can
put that on my wall I would frame it I'd
put it up there and I'd call Jim Carrey
and I'd say come over dude we're doing
something and ninja of course is
actually really talented i showcase a
handful tricks on my channel last week
or two weeks ago when I did a fall
Friday with him and I'm going to
showcase some tricks that he's on his
channel recently and yes ninja I
downloaded these I portray and use them
without your permission so I'm sorry
about that but watch his tricks they're
really good he's a he's good at
skateboarding
if you liked what you just saw of ninja
make sure you check out his channel he's
an awesome dude really really funny has
some great content there's a channel
link at the in the info below and at the
end of this video
boom there it was that was interesting
there was ninja giving you the best mini
rainfall to ever happen ever
hope you guys enjoyed that I do fall
fridays about every other week so I'll
be back in two weeks with another fall
Friday if you I just literally just
reword everything I said in another
sense how do you do the video is there
something I can say so if you liked what
you saw hit the subscribe button um but
this week
Brian aim is gonna be in the hot seat
Brian are you ready for this I know you
just watch it the room but we get sent
the seat call Brian's if it was the
worst day of your life what would you be
doing I've been camping many many times
we clap again what was that what was
that making something up here
