what you just saw was me kick flipping a
2x4 without any wheels or truck so just
did a kickflip on a 2x4 which was
surprising I didn't I could do that but
I filmed it I filmed a whole video with
it with this guy this is Daniel Chui his
face and he had my camera and he did not
know to press the microphone okay which
is ultimately my fault but we're gonna
we're gonna say Daniel Trujillo dude you
didn't turn on the microphone what I
just said about Daniel Trujillo might
sound negative I just want to ensure you
that he is a great friend and a very
intelligent individual just we'll get
him right here he works on robots
literally okay either way I'm filming
the whole thing again it was a little
hard to do the first time hopefully this
isn't that bad but I'm gonna go the
battle I'm gonna show you the battle
that is keep flipping you 2x4 okay ready
you ain't get down baby all right oh
this doesn't take long that was a great
start that wasn't that beautiful this is
the exact 2x4 I actually put this in my
suitcase and I was like you know what I
might need this again and go figure I
did because Daniel Trujillo do one half
dudes gotta be warned
does that happen a lot and I gotta stand
on it that's the hardest part stupid
it's so hard you stand and you're like
don't mess this up yeah we put some like
Saturday night wrestling like dude dude
dude tonight and you straw takes on the
2x4 you're what's up side up
the dumbest thing you do is is sweat
while trying to kick over to whether I'm
gonna stop you bored so weird
well you're just scared you in a second
stop it did like three quarters and
school back
dude thank you welcome I caught it I
mean granted it bounced off the ground
before I did that
but that's awesome thank you so there we
go I would like to thank this 2x4 I
don't think Danielle sirheo despite me
talking about his face and stuff he's an
awesome human being who would have
filmed it better if he it was his camera
it was my camera and he didn't know so
uh cool I'll do another video trying to
do a hill though that's it
maybe cool I thought about the hit me
with that but for out that would hurt if
I did know will I die don't now don't I
won't okay
remember that one time you tried to
kickflip this and you ended up smashing
your shin yeah yeah I'm gonna go back
I'm gonna go back to that clip do it
it's them do it is so hard it's like
playing the piano with chopsticks naked
blindfolded you're right this guy's
channel is in the info below but this
exact face it's like the exact face I
mean oh yeah you're done you're done
that was good
