warehouse Wednesday work get out of here
mine punched me and my deaf figure good
eye warehouse Wednesday was awesome
kicked me the door was with Casey Becker
in the snow dude my ear is gonna be
throbbing like a hot dog nobody wearing
a t-shirt I am wearing a t-shirt
splitcoast we make this fast cut us
loose knowing all right your God we're
gonna make a new man today
got that all right you warming up you're
gonna do 10 Ollie's to warm up okay but
we're going to tell you where to do it
anything only radiator
you know snowflake to the office push me
up after that you don't have to do five
tricks okay okay in between those you
have to do a man test which also will be
decided in there yeah okay if you can
get past three of them you get ten bucks
you can do all five to get 20 bucks are
you under three yeah you get to eat you
have to eat this ketchup all of it so
how we do we believe all women dude
disgusting it's packaged they're like
I'm do anything weird to it yeah it's
just natural just ketchup so it's gonna
make you man
all right cold this is the weirdest
weird concept I make you a man that's
pretty where'd you like honestly like my
head is where I smack the crap I thought
you were gonna slap me better ten all
ten almost ten Ollie's first off you
have a skateboard how you do um let's go
over here I wanna make you ollie over
here over here in OKC over here over
here OKC get on top of those boxes and
do it oh my gosh
aw come on dude you get all you can
always there I know he can
inconveniencing this it's only for Micky
Ollie on this or so hey you got it dude
you got it you've got this do it even do
a little behind you look at that it's
got platform for everything Oh God Wow
good right there okay you might get hurt
just Ollie and flat on foot right there
not on flat on the boxes I thought you
meant like awesome off this thing no
already no don't hold the walnuts I'm
not I'm just getting ready critic yeah
success that Alta NBD here right have
who knew I did not say do another one
get down be normal on you just howl of
the year ago on the euro yes downer
- that is - you do it all here holy God
I suppose this is the grossest we need
to clean this place - yeah sure you
please follow this thing clean this
place
that's not no no no don't here head on
the table it oh pretty amazing good
pillow
I did not say nose around the pillow and
you did suck you tube
Yeah right here baby freighter six six
oh I feel like I'm holding out for six
whoa dude you're gonna break it
nothing we ever care run insider she's
doing Ollie ollie right there oh oh it's
gonna break do a gentle she's dealing
off the table can all get able good
boxes this is before division Kali
everything all I need a Molly me yeah
all Andi oh go for my Weiner dude that's
a little weird
do more do you feel warm yep that's a
pretty long way still got two more in
between here right here give me all this
cat football dude that's a scary cat
gonna climb I don't think I've done that
I know you have you know how it's - okay
that what's up I know it sucked
balloon it's so thin
that's so hard
9:1 morbol Holly right here what does
the first trick he's gonna do I'm not
even taught me to pick it okay full
manual okay and then you get to pick the
the man challenge afterwards I will do
that all right we're good married couple
you have 15 minutes okay use it wisely
easy to say go she's gonna say go he's
gonna say go I'm the most annoying
person the world you know that any good
team is are you kidding me that happens
a lot in these guys and I do not expect
that which is probably offensive to you
because I but I didn't either it took me
like 30 minutes good job right what you
got to do
oh you're gonna do 20 push-ups Clark
wasn't responding I made her fat yeah
I'm gonna go ahead I'm gonna pause the
clock in the middle these man challenges
so he's got 15 minutes to do the
physical tricks things a little more
found a hot feel about that but I think
it's more fair to make the rules so it's
like how many of you at I don't know not
do 20 more to get more Oh
my name is gonna taste disgusting
hopefully it doesn't happen dude
I hope it doesn't do because I don't
wish that upon anybody let me so bad you
can avoid eating that by doing a feeble
front shot out on the jury oh that's
true
oh you're working on what you're working
your way up well many ways to do one
more to this into at least three to nine
feet it says a lot your business baby
you can do it I have full faith in fruit
Haydn's they warm up I'm not tripping it
freaked out mid grind princess made you
are scary thing struggling with this
right now
you suck okay you're supposed to be the
nice guy sorry I was I switched
personalities just a hero 20 push I was
going you got more him I just texted my
mom and told her you have it so be
supportive cool thank you she says you
don't though he's got 12 and a half
minutes left we might have made this too
easy like we should have been more
difficult there is light at the end of
the tunnel like stuff it might not be
driving toward it every time it is there
all the star-spangled banner' boy
because you're singing KC did you want
me to like to salt this a little bit
maybe salt and pepper
Oh minutes 20 seconds left you're almost
a third of the way done you've done one
trick that was a magic trick now show me
that was really perfect good I'm
proposing at 9 minutes and 24 seconds
left let's make on your challenge is to
make this three pieces is one three
Gables corner okay this is your what is
it hazing is that what the people do
we're not hating just look how he's
gonna do it to this is why we're
training to be a man because that's like
the dumbest way to do this but I'm not
gonna help it's a better way how many of
our team and training is party of man
training you don't get hit in the face
Casey that was terrifying okay just a
spoiler alert you could have said
against the ramp okay yeah it's just oh
it's in two pieces
very creepy you've taken your first step
into a much larger one more 900 feet
catch oh come on daily my big spin on
the hit if you get you a harder shape
but what I'll stand by this guy all
right well you have go
my present for tricks Brian I see this
he's got eight minutes and five seconds
go
oh okay new new thing if you don't land
this within eight minutes I will eat
this can't you have to try by the way
there was all right we're pausing this
is not gonna be in this video and that
sucks 7 minutes and 39 seconds doing
really well Casey okay if you're gonna
be a man you know how do you need to
know how to be a man okay so call your
mom and tell her your lover Oh hate
phone out it's already up chancers she's
probably working does she have a
voicemail I try calling here's another
message it is a goner no hey mom
hey momma just wanted to say that I
loved you and that I missed you and I'll
come visit you soon you're not being
forced to dude skateboard tricks goods
my will and do it I'm just going back
call me I'll answer it
hey mom hey I just left you a voicemail
Dan I just wanted to let you know that I
loved you and I'm filming a video right
now and that's it but I'm being forced
do skateboarding tricks against my will
tune in next week to see how this
episode pans out and that was a heady
are you there yeah she's gonna okay just
blown away I just want to say I love you
hi alright alright I'll call you later
okay I'll look for your video okay hey
result you're much more oh man that was
awesome okay so mom rocks what's the
next trick is doing next trick you're
doing weird hard because this is this is
I'm really upset that you get $10 a year
well if it's if I don't do all
your next trick is a nose mango free
show on that hit on that manual pad you
can do it on the rail actually I would
be more throw about that but nose manual
yeah but do them three time oh you got 7
minutes and 40 seconds to do it
little up like hey good luck God there
you go
do you have some walk now bloody I'm
going to lane in that all it's free get
out about the ketchup I should just when
you're doing it next time I should just
going dat into the air right catch
capably would call your mom and tell her
that and then just follow it up with
this blender down give 3 minutes and 28
seconds left
3 minutes 28 seconds wow this isn't
happening oh hey look
so to focus yeah I think he's gonna do
it
one vote okay then if I'm right it
doesn't lane it you got easy ketchup no
gosh fifty seconds left you got to have
fries one try 20 seconds yeah this is
your last try pretty much I'll try and
that was almost but it's funny cuz
this one didn't actually matter cuz if
you land at four tricks nothing else
happened but will you at least land this
for the episode okay he's your burger
out of time but he's still and this
because there's a champ this was manly
cough Mitch
yes and that confirms was the word that
and that closes ends grounds owners can
get lose that's word that concludes this
where else Wednesday you're gonna go get
ten bucks how do you feel what are you
gonna do with your 10 bucks go get free
water over there go buy some free water
thank you it makes sense at all my hands
foaming congratulations buddy yeah go
get away from you smell your hand
suppose a catcher that's at the ground
we just kept repeating of yet let's go
eat the ketchup gradient one will do it
well hey I'll take it
hey you missed somebody got it right
here I'm not gonna fear about me
it was gross watching you eat ketchup so
much that I couldn't finish my kitchen I
could have swallowed it wasn't that bad
but you visually sing I'm sorry you guys
all that I'm done
you
