Andy Schwartz viewers if you don't know
me my name is Josh I live in New York
City and I ride for revive my life
consists of skating photography travel
and I guess I go to college I go to NYU
I'm a sophomore and this video really
just feels like a video for an online
dating service anyway I have my own
YouTube channel where I document all my
antics and this is what a typical Friday
looks like for me enjoy breakfast
studying for midterms let's go skate
it's a little bit far and I was gonna
take the subway but it's so nice out
today I think I have to skate this is
Pier 62 skate park it's a lot of steep
transition and less Street stuff but
it's a lot of fun hey Jordan I am
plotline complete
I'm content let's just head out I'm not
sure if I'm proud or ashamed of my 50/50
back 180 but that thing is too tall I'm
just not trying to do it again we're
getting out Jordans got a few spots in
mind we found the car New York spots the
best part is skating in New York
this is a cool spot it's a pretty cool
spot
what is this guy whoa this is Jordan's
camera from 2001 it has no audio maybe
less than 30 frames per second and it
can't film for that long so yeah it's
pretty hip Jordan landed his clip tried
to do a no comply off the curb and his
board got run over by a perfect wait
could it happen
Wow you landed it beautifully destroy
hey where are you apply snacks from the
deli that was nice enough to let us keep
their wallet yeah thank you you made
this happen thank you thank you very
much
we're on Canal Street we're finding
Jordan a red beanie for us Halloween
gosh you look good
take it easy
I told my friends surprised me with an
activity today so I have no idea what
I'm about to do Internet meet Emily
Emily meet the Internet what are we
doing today we're going mini golfing yes
loser makes the winner dinner
so this course is blocked off and if you
go under here this might be the hardest
miniature golf course I've ever seen I
think we should try this you ever do it
through this you almost had it
we're on the last hole and I've been
keeping track in my head I believe I'm
down by three yeah so I need you to mess
up big-time with this is that cool okay
that was incredible we're going to
Whitney watch you ventilate the strike a
pose I've always been a big fan of like
the hand on the chin you gotta start the
good see you don't actually
I was planning on being a responsible
adult going home and making us a
stir-fry but then I saw this I gave him
and I'm so glad I did got a party to go
to in like an hour or two you know kick
it in my place dresses a chickpea just
the usual you know I find myself
watching parts from Elliot workshops
minefield almost on a daily basis my
favorite Venus the chickpea chickpea
necklace I had a really close call I
tried to hug andreas and I almost
smashed my beans
protect us you gotta protect the bees I
just want to say this is like the
ultimate motley crew right now all right
hope you guys like what you saw if you
want to subscribe there'll be a link
down below in the video and if you're
still not convinced this is this table I
made it I can't say straight face
alright so there was some insight on
what Josh Katz's life is like over in
New York City he's been going to school
at NYU for a couple years now and it is
rockin for him clearly it was a pretty
awesome day that he just had Josh you've
been a big dude on YouTube for such a
long time we basically got to watch him
grow up on a skateboard and now you get
to see what he's doing in the adult life
so if you like what you saw definitely
check out his channel like Josh said
it's in the info below and it's that
link to the right right there I do daily
videos here myself so click the left
link for me but mainly check out Josh
you will get some entertaining
skateboarding videos and lifestyle stuff
it's really cool stuff and that's it
I'll see you guys tomorrow
check out Josh goodbye you're riding
says goodbye
you
