I remember your car accident that was a
weird first line just start this out
this is vlog is ode 9 I think it's the
last day here in Vegas
Brett Novak has a face no no Brian Eames
yeah he's there we're going to go meet
the dudes at really awesome pizza spot
down the strip and then we're going to
I'm gonna do some shopping I'm gonna buy
some gifts for the wife and kid and then
you escaped word no we're going in and
out tonight it's gonna be amazing pizza
and hamburgers and then I'm going to
never eat again in my life so we were
going to go to that pizza place until
John Hill said hey my car died because
the store always dies and now we're
eating subway no we're not used subway
we're gonna go help him jump start his
car hopefully no go straight Brennan you
should go over here I just like to think
because this happens all the time at
John's car I like to think that he has
them in his car that means that their
John's we're Donald John for the trip
John get jumper cables John get John you
want me to get the B right there
we're gonna invoice you for this I don't
know what I'm doing him I'd believe it
or not was the first time I'm in this
car that's not true this is the first
weekend I've driven this car I'm trying
so hard isn't he's done this before
after this like every other day everyone
knows the serial number of your engine
John alright just kids something someone
has to say let there be life and then
hit the car lots to come to life you
nailed that I'll meet you at the
Venetian yeah let's go oh all right hey
man to your right you will see John Hill
and Doug does gels in a car not going
anywhere because they are stuck in
traffic
I'm going back to ether next time here
okay well parking was fun I sabotage
Brian I was like hey go around and then
you can get that spot does someone get
your spot Brian sure did
all the food is poisoned
Doug that was a boy huh Doug and I have
been eating this pizza place every
single time to come to Vegas on the last
day of the journal lot yeah which is a
lot it's a really good fetus but it's
like Chipotle and you just get to pick
whatever your toppings you want and then
they cook it for you and then you eat it
it's really good
yeah and it's quick and not too is only
going super ripoff like a lot of things
are here in this city I'm going to this
table it's not good let's just put that
out there every table that I've ever
eaten at is pretty much like this yours
not not like that at all
hey Brett you can get the right bite
that's like wow this is hot
just way to get a soundtrack for our
club the course of like this and then
put shots to it
yeah you're smart if you guys don't
follow his YouTube channel you're
blowing it because it's really bad
videos no it's awesome follow John Hill
look at that crystal-clear quality for
real no it looks better in your phone
than a does in real life kinda like your
face Hey yes we are inside Oh tell by
the way this place is nuts
it's so awesome in here I got some gifts
for the wife and kid and now we're gonna
get out of here slowly but surely and
we're gonna go skateboard and Bryan Ames
is going to try what a laser flip manual
today I think so yeah I'd probably
happen literally has a pet dolphin John
Hill's car needs a jump start again
again that's happening he's my ride back
don't stop
yeah so we're gonna go jumpstart John's
car again oh wow hey look it's sunny
outside heaven round two of jumping
John's car done doo doo doo doo doo doo
I think that just a response for
anything now it's like telling me to go
now we're like going to the airport
yeah are you you knowing I'm you knowing
what up you now know just fucked up
front is that bad way I mean okay I'll
call Laura's getting the mango pads were
here okay we've seen it okay we have
seen the spot there are ninjas coming
he's right there hanging out with
youtubers is really dumb it's so stupid
we all get out everyone has their like
oh yeah oh we're gonna do this and I
would you like your friends faces its
temple yeah we're just yeah let's see
what happen you're immediately
challenged come here come on
you have to do a freestyle trick first
try first try there's there's your flat
your free growl at this time
do check if you land it you're awesome
if not you're not awesome
increase all that counts
good point that is a good point anything
counts and free stuff hey hey you
Trujillo freestyle challenge you have
one try to do Atlanta trick first try
put your stuff down put it down tying my
shoes first any trick yeah you have to
you if you land it you're awesome if not
you're not awesome rolling Oh hit the
hit my hand
hey Brett Daniel accomplished the task
he did okay so we're skating this manual
pad behind me I am NOT the best manual
ER I don't have a lot of energy today so
I'm not gonna I'm just gonna film other
people but I am gonna put a new deck on
because my grip tape is getting kind of
gross to the point where I was felt like
I was gonna fall off my skateboard on a
large ledge yesterday so new board my
old board will go to somebody in the
skate park or a mini green which Alex
yuning reuses and turns into many boards
for you guys to get
Ford has put together I gotta do a
kickflip tests and it kind of is not
comfortable to move right now because
I've been skating all weekend you have
to do a kickflip to see if it's gonna be
it's good luck if you like kickflip
okay look skateboard skateboard time
nicely done oh right now back if you
didn't hear me I said whoo so good what
do the video come out oh yeah better
you all right yeah I'm like hurt really
bad but well good thing is your boards
close to you did you hear that
yes I heard I helped it like that like
the Pillsbury Doughboy made a
sledgehammer and used it draw dug landed
that three times before my GoPro got it
because these hero4 sessions you press
the button it takes 10 seconds or
sometimes it doesn't turn on at all
congratulations
whoa John right here watch into my face
yeah like you caught it after you landed
thank you oh hey well we just were here
for a long time I actually landed a
trick for my video park surprisingly
enough I never land things at manual pad
so I'm pretty psyched on that and I
almost landed a second trick so I'm
gonna have to come back here next time
in I'm in Vegas but I think to wrap up
the skatepark today we're going to a gap
down the street and John Hill is gonna
do some trickery
it'll be light enough so it's right down
the street we should be good
yeah you should absolutely do a handrail
no Tex gave me water
can you take I was the most caring
sincere response I've ever heard no I
thought your buns like pick something
off my face dude okay so we came to the
best spot ever like with just a little
bit of time left there's the guy the guy
that's gonna do it is in that car you go
off here into this Bank and I'm beat I
don't want to ollie into it although it
would be it's like perfect for me cuz
I'm gonna do it I might try depending on
Travis
it is scary actually yeah it's scary
looking this way
I have no idea how this angle looks I'm
sorry this is horrible
John Hill people that was awesome dude
hands dirty is mine my hands are so
dirty I filmed the top five is all that
was so gross you got it
awesome I just realized I didn't skate
at all in my own video sorry sorry you
guys killed it I did skate didn't do I
promise I love you guys can see us is
kind of dark in here but we're gonna in
and out to end this little skate day and
while we're driving I'm going to
FaceTime my wife and child is my is my
son there yeah nighttime just everywhere
well hey buddy I love you riding I love
you alright well I'll see you tomorrow
okay buddy I love you too
this is pretty much how we end every
single trip to the west side of the
world
yes all the west side of the country
west side of the world in the world
which it kinda it kinda is right this is
how hard-working John Hill is please
ignore me did you oh whoa did you order
food I did yeah cool right we're gonna
eat it on your laptop yes absolutely
boom this is the perfect way to end our
Vegas trip it was a success there was a
lot of fun this guy killed it I am gonna
trick so I'm hyped but I got to come
back because there's two tricks on blame
for my video parts through an awesome
cruise though so uh I'll see you guys in
Malaga sewed which the word vlog sucks
even know what number I'm on whatever
the next number is and then uh until
that guy's videos every day maybe night
videos every night no ad that's a lie
Daniel
Singh Rana create it go he tried
Daniel's are here yeah would you eat a
hot dog ricotta cheese you have to eat
one I guess I would take the cottage
cheese actually I take that back I would
have a hot dog and I would use the happy
hot dog man look it up happy hot dog man
look it up please look it up good I
gotta look it up what are you talking
about
you
