did you wake up before I got up there
we're going to work and just a few
business buddy okay come here I love you
did you see faux good ridin do you know
what day it is
all right this is a day in life 40 bay
life 54 I did mine it - 15 write my name
day
that would be zero its day in the life
forty guys and just father Sunday so
what's gonna happen is I'm taking him to
work and then we're gonna leave work
early and what are we seeing
mmm what's it called though yeah the
force awakens
once you both see it before but you were
really excited I reckon we're and get
ready here and then we're gonna take off
out towards the warehouse and get some
breakfast right we're gonna get a bagel
today no not our cat bagel the food the
food bagel okay
that was confusing okay your first
breakfast rapid sp5 what is with you in
55 really likes the number 55
all right cat food let's do this hey do
you think you like Star Wars reading oh
yeah but I can't the cactuses by this
bit
sounds like a thing you can't would be
scared of riding is wanna do matching
cat snail shirts for a long time Avenue
we're finally doing it it's been a while
look at us we're doing it we got it
are you ready are you ready to go to
work ah
yeah let's go all right there's a jacket
all right you ready to go to work to be
awesome Bray Hill drew bakit no problem
buddy all right
hi hi oh yeah let's go say hi everyone
in the warehouse okay is this Jim okay
now when you know it's kylo Ren okay
here buddy you've already said hi to
Brian hi Casey
are you on your sweater that bitter dock
at the movie you're gonna eat your
breakfast sandwich and watch Octonauts
does it keep messing up hey we want to
go ask Brian to get a Wi-Fi booster a
Wi-Fi booster
oh yeah ask your dad so Ryden eating his
breakfast sandwich and watching netflix
frustratedly I'm an organize my desk and
try to do work and of course we'll do
some playing but then we're gonna head
off the lunch eat your sandwich young
man I think we're gonna head up to lunch
and then eat watch Star Wars after that
so that's the plan today let's do it
this will be fun are you help me with
money my meeting preparation yeah but I
got Nick yeah you did draw t-rex we're
about to talk to JP - baby meet dick
number was all right followed by a 547
you brought me in more work and now
you're cleaning YouTube good
hey everybody for a meeting I am well I
gotta go to
even now the maisonette I heard the
internet powered the internet said you
want to go to the Internet
oh yeah I wanted all your head oh my a
JP dude sure
so how did Jay P hi giggles yeah come
right huh
first off before we actually talk about
this is there any a wheel update or
anything that we know you don't know
about are you set on those yellows or
did you want I like the orange mixed in
you men should change in the pan tones
do the yellow yellow would be like you
electric yellow deer the crossbow well
that didn't go far did it can you do
this make sure you pull that all the way
back to oh you did it helmet time you
want to use Ryan's skateboard can't
figure I'm not gonna pitch you don't
worry you're fine
can I use this table like consider your
knees yes and I'm the baby
Katie you're a baby kitty
back in nope we're doing that
give me five I'm the one to do with it
my buddy all that for a hug left okay go
see Star Wars now I'm jealous okay let's
go come on well that was the fastest
work morning ever had my life and of
course we had fun too
we're gonna go eat lunch and watch Star
Wars are you ready let's do it look at
all the snow riding all right let's get
you in here boy all right it is
lunchtime and then we're not getting
McDonald's
no way okay right in there's a lot of
options at all there's subway or we can
do gold star you wanna do gold star we
are at gold star which is not a typical
lunch spot for us man you have to switch
the GoPro up but you're there's not
gonna be a lot of stuff going on
worksheet so you ready buddy I'm off to
he knows his lightsabers ridin got way
better of a lunch than me look at that
got a baked like a BLT basically and I
got this salad at you to visit the best
sandwich in the whole I brought whoo
slippin II need help we are running
behind I really should have given us
more time to eat and all that stuff the
movie starts literally in like two
minutes and I'm not a fan of missing
trailers but we're getting over there
when you've got some popcorn that's what
you do with the movies and then we're
gonna watch Star Wars what's the name of
it
the force awakens let's do this we are
definitely gonna see it over and over
again we're gonna buy the blu-ray and
we're gonna keep watching it until we're
about 113 years old excited yeah
that's known as the next one it's the
next one my buddy I've been trying to
get a real lightsaber my whole life
pretty much all right so we watch the
movie in a rule that's riding second
time sitting as my fourth time seeing it
if you haven't seen it please fix that
and go see it let's get going we're
gonna go home and play Star Wars people
eventually I think this guy needs take a
nap and I'm gonna work yeah well we'll
see if you bet you'll pass out on this
car ride ride
I was right
I carry dried nanny-state asleep he's
sleeping though taking a nap right now
and I'm going to edit I got a lot of
stuff that I need to do of the computer
I'm going to try to clean up around here
before he wakes up but first I'm gonna
get a hot and spicy pickle pretty major
okay so I just ended on my computer for
a really long time cleaned up the house
a little bit we really need to just wait
until we get more furniture in this
place to like really make it look like a
house but I'm gonna wake ridin up and
I'm gonna play with them and I think
we're gonna do you now livestream and
then we're gonna go to dinner we've been
eating at home a lot lately and it's
since its father/son that I'm like screw
it we're gonna go out we're gonna go
Sarah maybe go to Target and then come
back here and we'll definitely do some
playing cuz I promise in my play with
some Star Wars but either way I kind of
just told you like a whole plan for the
whole evening so let's let's get this
night started hey hey hey hey hey cats
hey hey hey no idea why the word hey
scared them did I let you sleep in mom
and dad's bed you ready to wake up and
play and stuff did you know I'm going
skateboarding today with with with
Garrett where where do you think I'm
gonna skate with Garrett ah nope yep
Shrek whores they're upstairs let's go
right in your playroom is clean you want
to talk to Lee you now let's do a
livestream yeah okay come here I'm sure
you've heard me talk about it but you
know is an application I used a
livestream with you guys and talk to you
so right now I'm doing it I'm gonna post
a picture on Instagram saying hey I'm
doing this and then we're gonna talk to
some people right and look how perfect
this little trade is to hold the phone
what's up guys this is the day in life
forty right now and you guys are on it
has it been a fun day so far yeah
and visit and lastly and this is editor
alright somebody asks riding to dance
that he does go Karen B rule thank you
all love sport everyone else I mean
everybody thank you for the support and
comments and likes and all that stuff
I will be back within a week for sure
but hopefully I do two of these next
week that is it guys this is r2d2 are
you sure this is on the dragon TV
because so Ryden wants kylo Ren to do
this handrail alright I got the angle go
oh we did the five-o give me five
for a five-o five-o five-o it is cleanup
time my child let's go you need you to
start where stuff and I'll get some of
the stuff that we use for the you now
Captain America put him back and then
and then it's alright it looks good
that'll work let's get ready to go to
dinner right bagel my boy drop it yeah
sorry by the creepy lighting that's what
I am uh we're gonna go to Panera and
then we're going to target and come back
here oh and I forgot to play with this
drone thing that ninja gave me one for
my birthday so hopefully I don't forget
to do it we get back that's what I wanna
do is that what you want to do run let's
go do you think Iron Man would enjoy
bowling we are here at Panera Ryden food
oh you did it your job
this looks delicious already did
like convent boy probably nothing whoa
you have enough yes you actually yeah we
have one of those don't wait very good
you're partly that's in the car
yes
oh you got me we are home okay so we are
home realize that ninja on my lap recent
trip to Vegas he gave me this really
cool thing that was in a package but
riding net really excited that started
opening it before I got the camera right
yeah so I'm gonna finish opening it and
then we're gonna try to it take a little
drone it's awesome I uh
he had one similar that I messed with I
don't know if you have to charge it so
hopefully we can play with it right now
and show you guys the moment has come
are you ready this I'll try
oh cool okay so it's really hard to use
it and film at the same time
bring it down bring it down bring it
down bring it down bring it down put it
up
okay good dog that's actually an amazing
idea
well mom's home hi mom oh thank you this
this thing is awesome I'm going to have
a lot of fun with this and you roll dude
okay so we played a little longer but
now it's writing it's bedtime I'm gonna
put in bed with mom you go pick up
Garrett and then go to straight quarters
to skateboard it's been a long day my
wife is pretty much non-existent but
she's busy with school and we got a
whole weekend ahead of us so uh that's
the plan guys I see you schemes booth
has a vision of obi-wan Kenobi does
anything you do is not Star Wars right
you are a Star Wars fanatic yo mama love
you too buddy my girlfriend I love you
when I go to bed I love you am i good oh
I love you all the time I'm at he oughta
kind I'm on my way he was invited I know
my my okay what is that weird hey he's a
good dad off to get Garrett's to go
skateboard at Shrek quarters let's do
this
Twitter does suck what I did what's up
brother
yeah the horse fell over tricorders
we're at dry quarters it's been a long
time since I've had a night session here
and I'm really psyched been doing it now
I just got to figure out how to
skateboard because I don't know how to
do that right we warmed up and now we're
skateboarding buddy game of skate and
Garrett beat me so next time Garrett has
come
on the bright side I stay
oh my gosh no I had it feels overall oh
good hell raw I tried to keep it you
know just rolling I kind of like think
you were like a molding thing about a
loaf of bread
how bad that feel not at all too bad no
no all right so the day in life for do
you think you guys for hanging out with
me today I'll be back in a day in left
41 of course because that is the next
number that comes up I do daily videos
here so if you liked what you saw hit
the subscribe button and I will be back
tomorrow
in the meantime Garrett will just put
this up here we should definitely put
that up there yeah
it fits perfect to where it goes now how
long do you think that's gonna last up
there just till well I bet you to be
there for a while might be yeah we'll
see alright
outro music
that was literally the best tremendous
skateboarding trick of all time
you
