YouTube what's up guys I'm doing another
cold winter vlog assert here in
Cincinnati and I've got three goals okay
first off I'm going to do some
skateboarding it's been a long time the
holidays were crazy and I'm finally
gonna re-enter the world of
skateboarding today and the number two
stress no skating because we have a tiny
bit of snow outside and I'm hoping to
suck at that which it'll be fun but I'm
gonna suck at it as anybody go home and
I'm gonna cook I'm gonna cook for the
family everyone was like this is
exciting oh you're gonna cook for part
of it that's a weird thing but it's
gonna be fun I promise so hang out with
me
and while I'm setting up this skateboard
Craig is gonna try the craziest thing
ever he's probably gonna get hurt doing
it are you gonna hurt he said Rolly he
didn't even bother with the B's just
probably I had to walk over here just to
say how crazy this is he has he's good
at that so maybe this is nothing for her
he lives in that right in time
hey kickflip tests holding this I don't
think I lead I think I'd just kick flip
new board table or deck
really bad at
I'm not gonna Smith grind in a while
I really like rolling right there good
oh my gosh that capable five-o took me a
second which I've never done it so
that's good but look I'm sweaty I am
I gotta cool down before going into the
snow and getting sweaty again it would
be terrible to go outside in the snow
and like the zero degree weather being
this way
so I'm cooling down I got work to do
anyway I'm gonna use your stove escape
fryer names
oh hey he's got Josh's snow skate we
know this guy
really we know this guy that is the Josh
there that is brand new yeah it's
Brian's I forgot my home so Brian said I
could use his cool but look at Josh's
face this orange a piece body right now
it is yeah see it oh yeah let's go no
stay next to a train this is what you do
is just skate boarder in the winter
unless you have a private skate parks on
your skate and do this what kind of dumb
for doing this no dude like it's been
two years this is just snowed like last
year we tried and it was terrible it's
probably terrible it's probably terrible
again but it's something right there's
John Hill in the distance Oh start
talking right away good job boardslide
barely gonna roll away first four saw
2018 not true you must took me four days
yeah I did hug you for they of course oh
good second try
Oh see how abouts counted and then your
your leg gonna count three yeah you're
like kick the sky and it was terrible
you want the wax together oh I did it
you did do it
give me some love oh oh yeah that was so
solid eggs
why wouldn't I count it I'll even eat it
count I think I rolled away this much
that was good Oh fill the bath again I
was gonna try
that was perfect
oh yeah that was freaking wax Oh
powerful oh my god that was crazy
I am awful granted Sam keeps telling me
that it's just the conditions but John
just kill it for you guys
I just dominated the same time with both
their channels is in the info if you
want to follow the talented dudes it's
no skating they're right down there you
just land this off oh my god and do it
and now it is gonna take a muggy year
now he's got he's a man good good dude
that was good you you did good you did
great thank you
this guy needs surgery himself there is
snow it's just not a lot I'm wearing
Brian who's that I'm sad to go to the
grocery store but I mean I'm helping
John out with a video I'm doing some
fingerboarding every time I find myself
fingerboarding as part of my job I
realize how funny my life is makes me
smile it's a good thing yeah I have fun
I can't do that John but there's no way
all right my friends high five
as always my day is running later than I
expected so I'm gonna go home and get my
little guy off the bus and then go to
the grocery store and then go home and
I'm making turkey lettuce wraps I don't
know well I hope I make them and my wife
actually likes them last time I cooked
it was Thanksgiving dinner and I rocked
it so let's hope my luck continues the
car start thank you go reverse thank you
I'm back home I'm cleaned up I got this
guy how was school but now we gotta go
the grocery store okay well we gotta get
it stuff so I can cook for you and mom
tonight I hope I don't mess it up you're
gonna mess it up kind of all right I
guess it's better that I know oh yeah
you show us your RV - you made him
serving drinks I can Return of the Jedi
right that's pretty cool so I'm walking
to get my shoes and you have not only
but your shoes on but also my shoes on
no it weirdly doesn't even look that
unnormal you look like somebody from
came two parts do you know that it is
alright we should just start riding
motorcycles around very best
I love the Power Ranger song write it
that is totally Power Rangers where the
store and there's some cheese would you
eat all of that
okay okay okay come on hand hold my hand
Ratan did you get some in the store yeah
show us uh Mario balloon pretty cool
I made him answer three math problems
and he rocked it actually and I'm stuck
in a line in traffic but I'm gonna put
the camera away because it's about to
start moving we're home
well you're gonna put your hand in your
there you go hold your hand flat okay
that does that a cool trick do know how
to do it you wanna try it
put your hand in mine or you just be
just punched it you okay okay you're
cooking begins turkey lettuce wraps you
didn't a card for Mom
we got a flower she's gonna come in card
flower this is gonna be good oh it says
it a lot yeah all right well dad's
cooking do your homework okay cool water
chestnuts you get to color bobafet for
your homework yeah thank you that's
awesome mom's home I'm over here
screwing this up
why are you screwed up I don't know
probably not so are you ready for this
dinner yep
yes you like it ah success I haven't
even had a bite yet action
we're good it looks like I have a garden
on my plate I you've eaten like nothing
what are you doing um you're getting on
my shoulders okay
so we're done here dinner was pretty
good with the recipe and usually when I
make my own dishes I feel like it turns
out better but it was good you liked it
walk and you said it wasn't gonna be
good so I know it was tasty
right but fun day skating was awesome
snow skating I need to get better at
this is snow it was like there was not
enough snow but it was fun it was cool
she and John I went snow skiing today
yeah with John Hill John Hills in town
now that was definitely us though I hope
you guys enjoyed this if you want to see
more videos for me to shoot the
subscribe button right below the video
and you'll be signed up see more right
yeah
and I'll see you guys tomorrow with
other videos no you already filmed the
bonus clip remember the quarter trick
we're gonna play Mario Mario Odyssey -
is Kingdom Wow let's go we did 12 I
don't know we're at Bowser's can you
this is the bonus clip what is it we're
ready tell us what you're doing no one
knows what you're doing it's the quarter
check oh you turned it into two you're a
magician and you're a dog all right we
got a Groot
we got a picture and we got a cat in a
box and we got a kid what are you doing
what are you doing
