Bry names yes I have a pile of
skateboard right here a pile of
skateboard yeah is that your skateboard
it's not it's yours it is is mine and
I'm gonna put it together but first I
need an idea yeah Bry names hi this is a
pile of skateboard is it is it yours
it's not visually yeah it is mine I'm
gonna put it together okay but you first
have to go over there on the stairs
we're gonna put together I'm gonna go
search what am I gonna do during this
you're gonna fill me but it's what I'm
doing is kind of like Lord of the Rings
what you're doing is kind of like a walk
to the bus stop okay just a level
importance it's Casey's face all right
cool we're here at Mordor I have the
skate tool I'm gonna put a skateboard
together and then a skateboard on I've
never done a cruiser video set up never
done the cruiser setup video and today
is a day you guys saw me do some artwork
on it you see the bb-8 on there and I
said I was gonna do a setup video and
Here I am Bryan Ames is kind enough to
film it for me and we're gonna do this
all right okay so apparently Ron chamber
tried to sabotage me and give me other
trunks but I caught him and I've got
some Ryan trucks for this setup I'm one
last bearing spacer away now but these
give Jonah okay so let me go through
everything I'm putting on this board
then I'll put together and I'm gonna
skate it there's bb-8 my first griptape
artwork thing and I don't want to skate
him get em all dusty but I'm gonna do it
because I'm a dude you know he's gonna
get dosing like he's gonna get shoes
just for two seconds especially with all
the white on so he's give me a dusty
bb-8 but so in my hearts he'll do it who
is their new I'm gonna say some really
stupid things apparently okay so we have
a revived red lifeline cruiser deck it's
like seven inches wide here by the nose
and tail it gets a lot skinnier it's a
funky shape people typically get these
to ride around but here the Train
quarters we like to skate them like
their normal boards but they're not
they're a funky shaped skateboard
they're a lot of fun to do tricks on so
I'm gonna put it together with that
in mind I am grip grip tape with no
cutout we got some plain and grittier
and I thought it was perfect to do the
artwork on it so I did that I got some
Orion trucks they actually sent me these
four mini boards assuming we were
cruiser decks they're a little smaller
than normal so uh all got one truck now
I've got uh fkd ABEC 5 bearings
I got revived light bolts I figured the
red on top and kind of cool with the red
on bottom so on with that then I got
some rig dunk Estelle's pizza force
wheels um I really don't need to expend
myself as pizza it's the smart thing to
use okay what sides of it
there are 50 ones like I said I do I
like to do tricks on these so I'm gonna
go with smaller wheels one for the other
brand names usually you should can you
get my truck oh well you did ask me
random questions what's the best pizza
place you've ever been to ooh
um here in Cincinnati I'm gonna go
through mundos what is your favorite
ninja turtle uh how many was we in our
bikinis that he's the leader when I was
younger I always said rap just good use
red Mikey's cool to Mikey and on teller
awesome I like I like Mikey million
artist well you know what I don't know
because I feel like Leo is too serious
of a leader at same time so you know
there's a complicated question for you
it is I'm gonna go with Mikey somebody
with my you say favorite sidekick miss
Kaysen skc coming in strong ah not Robin
let's put that out there not Robin out
Robin um oh no easy
Samwise Gamgee he was a sidekick right
he's a good one he was like the best
he's like like Sam from Lord Rings like
the best dude you could ever have a
friend
yep he's amazing he's that he's like yes
he's yes
yeah easiest what's your favorite board
game board game board game huh I like
the in-depth nosov monopoly I like the
thought process behind clue life is fun
too difficult of those three these are
my dancers or Scrabble Scrabble is
amazing too
that's why I'm not playing a long time
to force your friends ripped off strap
good job whoever did that I'm gonna get
a clue
Ryan chambers want you to rank the Star
Wars movies dude that is a hard push
that was on the heart okay we go we will
go I have to you all
originals one two and three though so
Empire Strikes Back will go to Iran Jedi
we'll go home we'll go the force awakens
we'll go
Revenge of the Sith we'll go Phantom
Menace and go typos I was way easier
than I thought it was gonna be after
you're done
texting brian chambers would like to
know what your favorite Mario powerup is
dude I'm gonna go with fire fire flower
because there comes a certain sort of
satisfaction when you beat a boss with
just fire power opening my wheels but
now everyone knows whoa there's a lot of
spirits to come with variants you guys
can't scare him away I don't know what
I'm talking about
what he said favorite Britney Spears
song you know what's funny is that Ryan
chambers had one like he was super every
Spears back of the day um
she's she's catching up I guess I can't
lie can we name one that's set though
like toxic because when I look back and
think of like their past the only when I
baby him over time is the only one I can
we they're lucky that she's so lucky
she's her right so because I'm going to
California were wearing up in high
school and that song was just fun on
every radio station show times and it
got to the point we were just so sick of
it it got come over started liking it
like we all right you know that makes us
think about that trailer that was when
Garrett
what is your favorite meal from a
Mexican restaurant I'm gonna go street
tacos brian chambers want to know your
favorite cartoon characters apparently
have all these questions are brine
chambers can it be like a comic strip
yeah that's cartoon right yeah come on
hop some easy hands out yeah Nyko told
you that he crushes if you have a red
camera Javy go do it do you remember
Goosebumps books and which one was your
favorite yeah I actually recently bought
the entire series like I like buying
things that are like a thing in my past
I remember when I was like 10 but I also
sell writing career I'm when he gets the
the right level the first one I ever
read and I was immediately hooked to the
series was a werewolf or fever swamp
that's the one that sticks out in mine
it was his friend the whole time ha
Oh spoiler much how many people do they
are giving mad that I spoiled a book for
like 20 years ago or so I see your
boards and put together uh you know yeah
I tried to add into it it's not look we
got there
look so nice and shiny and everything
but I'm gonna do some tricks brian has
ten minutes I'm literally gonna film all
this within ten minutes are you ready I
got it let's get the flip tricks
kickflip test there was AI like medium
trucks I don't like a minute I don't
like I'm too loose and these were loose
all right
capable test finally failure
awful in so many ways that was a really
bad kickflip
solid
how tiny the board is when you look down
it's like skating at a toothpick and I
go for the Cuba vidi-vidi class right Oh
second try so there we go I'm drenched
in sweat because the heat is on it here
these things to be the last forever so
I'll probably have this one for a while
maybe I'll retiree because bb-8 is
awesome on them either way I need to
clean the grip tape and sweep this place
because it's super dirty but it feels
really good so I just want to say thank
you I guess to revive and force like I
own those with this dude but thank you
reviving force but more portly am grip
thank you very much
Orion trucks thank you very much and as
shoes thank you guys for keeping me
rolling um I love the cruiser these
things are fun so they are super fun I
hope you guys like my setup that is it
I'm done
should we go to Casey the Casey's weird
face things have done that a while yeah
we have so what's it
right for the bonus clip I'm going to
finger flip into this ramp god good luck
yes the decide thing about that trick is
even when you do it it still looks
pretty dumb yes yeah watch this cool
still dumb did you get that
