all right this is vlogmas o28 I think
and I'm in Las Vegas and I'm should have
a skate date you can I'm gonna bring you
guys with me so I'm going downstairs
Brandon's just arrived and the doors are
about to open people might think I'm
crazy if they hear me talking
okay so we're staying at the Mandalay
Bay which is beautiful I love this place
I always stay at this place we're gonna
go skating with a bunch of dudes so we
got a really cool crew Brian Eames got
here a day later than everybody else so
that's why I'm picking him up I'm not
picking him up I'm actually just meeting
him outside that you seen it January
it's like the only time the Vegas is
chilly that's where it's like 50 degrees
right now it's funny though because 50
I'm like got a t-shirt and everybody
that's normal that's used to Vegas is
like standing next to fires and stuff
there's Brian Eames cover our names
how much is each day suck suck a lot
yeah your bags wet it is yeah why did
you have that early I had to leave the
airport in so how do you wake up at 2:00
then my gosh dude you want go to sleep
no I kind of slept on planes there you
go welcome to the Mandalay Bay let's
hear your coffee
how surprised are you that you have a
camera on your face not surprised I'd
like to find out at the five like nine
hundred hours of the camera woman
sitting on top my bag yeah works it
probably doesn't great way to start this
trip we're getting coffee which is
awesome it's a drink if you don't know
it is a drink right that's good yeah are
you long so date eight yeah here it is
this is what coffee looks like that's
kind of your dude you know what I
usually don't get whipped cream but when
I'm in Vegas she asked and I was like
screw it I'm getting a whipped cream are
you looking so I got whipped cream dude
all right here's the horribly messy
hotel room I didn't realize it was this
messy when I left to get Brian but yes
Bessie and Brett Novak is somewhere
inside that bathroom showering and is
your stuff work we're good
we just want explode it right now right
now back what up baby you're probably in
there filming some beautiful video I
hope not yeah that'll be actually really
weird he's a he's a very talented
videographer if you don't know who he is
okay so we are off we're going to lunch
to grab some in an ounce and then we are
skateboarding it's gonna be good we're
meeting John Hill and Doug at in and out
and then ninja I don't manage doesn't
he's probably sleeping but he's gonna
skate with us today and Daniel Trujillo
should be a good time
okay alright so we're in and out and it
is packed because it's in and out so I
see around chambers
I'm not going to trip him I've got a
cell phone and this guy is wearing a
diaper
I am remember that one time you went to
the restaurant and line was this big
yeah I didn't I we didn't even fit
inside the restaurant we were outside
for saying I have not forgotten
how are you better morning was good
lunch was good we are all properly full
and to stuff to eat and we're gonna go
skate no to stuff to skate I'm an idiot
but we're gonna go skate that's the
thing to look for that let's just yeah
that's true I'm to stuff to eat and Doug
is a Doug is driving because Bryan and I
have to call JP Qbert and talk to him
ten minute drive has turned into like a
50-minute drive somehow but we were
finally ninjas house and we gotta get
him and go skate because it gets dark at
five o'clock you GoPro me i GoPro you I
never know if it's dulling or not and
now we're both pro right and you're here
right
ninjas face are you gonna let us into
your domain or can we just leave oh I
got you a Christmas present I will take
it I will absolutely take it sorry Randy
late Christmas present from ninja and
they have coupons till later thank you
you got me a little drone guy Brian
you're not you're not doing it I'm not
using you you're not using I already
heard about it I got footage dude I'm
excited how jealous are you that I have
this and you know I'm an adult I don't
need toys skateboards I'm gonna
unsubscribe to Bret Novak hey I'm
playing pool right now oh dude it's such
a good game that's great Doug have you
downloaded this pool game no it's so so
good
Bret you don't like anything fun so you
don't you don't have to but everybody
else download this I'm just kidding Bret
Novak isn't wonderful human being and
he's awesome
go on he's short
we are about to the skate spot but as
always come on it's a ditch so it's kind
of like in the middle of nowhere and
it's always kind of hard to find these
hey did you try what you looking at what
satellite that's what you should do
right oh dude that was even better yeah
it is
this is huge this is pretty intense man
some guys mid three flip this there are
so many rocks like instead of warming up
by a flat ground or something normal I'm
just going to drop in on this yeah oh my
gosh the wheels go here put your wheels
down there you go dude this is tough
hey you're you're ready to seal deal I'm
just gonna write you a check right now
well I appreciate your business
all right sorry I I might have got that
I would I didn't even mean to be filming
dude 20 bucks right here right now 20
bucks
ah you owe me 20 bucks now Doug that was
the craziest I kicked this across the
spot
John say the vlogs over the vlogs over
is it over
yeah Loxley yeah no no we're gonna do
this it oh we had a good time
John cross and dude killer hardflip
man I don't know be back for vloggers
are dying we're heading back to the
hotel eating some dinner and all that
fun stuff so thank you guys for watching
I do daily videos hit the subscribe but
if you want to see more but until next
time people goodbye
I did not
