warehouse Wednesday has destroyed him he
did yeah you did
why are you holding the camera because
it's because I was the one filming we
have a lot of people here sometimes we
have Craig just an easy commanding
lonely in the middle of the driveway I
know could you ever get to him I was
supposed to look very fake but you
pinched the crap out of my finger are
you okay just now I'm sorry hi well here
hold the camera will let you hold the
camera since you got hurt I'm gonna
continue to be very mean it's cold is
terrible outside it I'm gonna ruin your
life you'll ruin my life not ruin your
life because just in case he's over I
know I kind of did so what you're gonna
do is you're gonna warm up with five
tricks on a regular-sized skateboard
well that's how it Craig's not being
very witty
they're crazy I get over here Craig is
like 10 feet away down there yeah I know
the secret to the secret terms and where
else Wednesday the random guy that's in
the backgrounds call the wing man yes
William see if the you yeah yeah yeah
you warm up on a regular skateboard you
do five tricks on that after that I need
to do five flip tricks on me green oh
five grind
flash slides on a mini green I assume
that's where you're going with that but
that is actually super mean the only
thing worse you like maybe do a cruiser
to that that's gonna be like shop now
you're going big board a teeny tiny
board medium board see any board so you
have 15 minutes to do these ten tricks
ten tricks on the enterprise five tricks
top five flips and five grinds so 10
tricks total 15 minutes you can't do it
I'm going to box you if you can't even
if you do do it you get the box Casey I
get it like like boxing gloves no no not
boxes like big skateboard box is gonna
destroy you with them awesome has anyone
ever done ten tricks on the mini
green-eyed in one century I don't think
has ever happened but lightning you can
make my own warehouse when is the next
time this is I get this every single
time which last time I won nowhere else
whenever I it's been a lot while the
skies blue yeah just a little while give
me the broom throw to Brian oh don't
play with brooms kids they're like nine
okay whoa that was you and see if you
need to do that yeah he's just super
stylish pick it up let's recreate that
day again you're good you're good we may
walk in how you get hey you not walk
walk yeah walk into it come on oh good
spatula so news I promise let's go
inside
you ever want to take your hoodie off
you just kind of like this and then spin
it for this
until it falls off except on dizzy and I
had to lasso my hand like a cowboy well
yeah not what I don't know this is my
normal 31 and a half inch by 8 inch
skateboard deck and I'll just I'll just
do like my goat cheese look up what
company ah that one that one let's do it
oh we viv wish I warm up one right let's
get Bryan's actually see Bryan's input
cuz you didn't give me time to warm up
right
Oh double flip off the right ramp why
would I want to okay that'd be my last
one I'm trying to be mean time let's
come on come on all over the boxes kpop
over then we're gonna do I can
skateboard I'm gonna do a pop shuvit off
the wedge ramp
that sounds poor it sounds like the
worst feeling trick ever right no it's
fun he doesn't run wrong shot but pop
shuvit off of a wedge rip over nothing
sounds like pop shouting at twelves
there is I cool my knees feel like I was
just standing outside in ten degree with
your Fahrenheit to figure it out beep
here
it's splatted he's definitely gonna be
warmed up him yes his front foot is a
dumb place
stupid as a look one trick terribly it's
a warm-up it's warm up you can be
terrible as terrible as it can be
oh we don't have time for the student no
there's no time I wanted to I want to
like call out the tricks you should do I
do have people to fail you in the club
or no done a feeble to fakie as if I
couldn't do this that's it you couldn't
do it are you turning that around face
out of it I told her you can do it he
can do it
okay gets all three look easier than the
shove it beautiful everyone can simply
go I'm sure to get an x-ray flip three
fill the the hip another hip at all
Becca it is the weirdest situation
because it's my body is still cold
internally but the heat in here as my
body confused I'm like a Burning Spear
song I have no idea what's happening
this is the the regular sized board
eight inches by thirty one and a half
okay so this matches uploading this look
at that
course anyone who gets that is a good
person so isn't it so Tonya let's look
at it on my feet okay look at this I can
get to and roller skate on them there's
like there's no little sled there's like
no concave oh yeah so this is what I'm
working with and this is an old one I
need to set up a new deck but this is it
this is what I got to work with have fun
yeah I'm gonna do grinds of slides first
really really what do you want to get
that over with I'm gonna send this over
the basics Brian Ames I'm not gonna be
doing why does the backside nose once
with this you might be you let's get the
flat bar out then we'll talk we'll talk
rats instead they're not
I'm tempted just to leave it at this
height should I do that no we should
protect it up the highs and go that's
mouthing off that high what's shocking
up see what looks like though oh it
actually seems taller I'm dreaming gave
stupid pocket watch out I got right here
yeah he's got 15 minutes the new 10
tricks he's not gonna do it I'm
remembering optimistic with people on
this but he's not he's not going to so
you're gonna get box no you're no you
get boxed oh he's got 15 minutes of new
stuff oh one he did that much of it
congratulations dude I thought it was
going to be the hardest thing ever girl
from the big word this is not a but no
it is yeah but you're right sack on to
somehow get your freaky that was pretty
good how's it good get your will out
because you're gonna write me a car
Brian he's on twos got any more to go
I if you've done it pretty you've done
pretty good so far well there's the
easiest let's face that are you I just
time are we timing this right now yeah
Paul oh my god do it 5050 come on roughy
bullet evil or front set people he's a
gay they took his life kid got this he
doesn't he doesn't have this oh my gosh
gonna have two and a half all you're
like he's gonna like learn how to use it
again and it's gonna go rapidly fast
we're gonna be amazing at this by the
end of this video
that's what I'm saying
oh I was pretty good in your face he's
got 10 minutes and 25 seconds left that
was one of the greatest accomplishments
of my life I hear that's like one of the
best things you've ever done
yeah like my songs first then after that
it might be the true keeper all it's
very right hundred I know how this trick
singing mid-fall did not end it all 9
minutes and 38 seconds love you needed I
got like two minutes the old farm
pretty much Wow good smooth it up yeah
in the middle of your kind
hi I'm not gonna redo that because it's
the hardest thing entire world you've 8
minutes and 35 seconds left I paused it
I'm gonna try a good 40 seconds of a
front blunt then I'm gonna go easy out
and a half cab bores out if I don't get
close okay I'm like either of those are
going to be easy
Figgy boards I'm an easy be I think you
can do God God he's going back for
superficies speedily Oh
I'm severely running out of time so I
gotta give that up that sucks he's not
wondering how much time he's got 5
minutes and 52 seconds left I should
have been here at 7 and a half I'm here
5 and 3 minutes 3 5 minutes and 45
seconds left side back flip tricks you
might be able to
giggling my best one of ever done I was
good oh that was really good
he's looking at three more how much see
how much time he's got five minutes and
12 seconds he's got plenty of time he's
gonna do a varial flip to fakie on the
bank apparently that would sounds
important oh wow
all right well he's making me look like
a dumb-dumb how did he roll away with
that was insane
got four minutes and ten seconds I'm
gonna pause for you to say whatever you
need to say right now there will be
boxing Italy box there will bit much
right nollie backside flip and I will
very quickly know if I shouldn't be
doing okay we're gonna do I did the
others so much easier you're gonna keep
them oh man double flip or heel foot try
double foot
yes that's the one
if you want a workout do not go to the
gym don't even eat right
this will wear you out job is easy it's
like he's a nice kid it's two minutes
and ten seconds left I really can like
write down that really sucks that really
sucks that really really suck
Oh that was really good
her house Wednesday and he technically
rolled away all right so awesome for
three foot pretty much eat apply 40s at
a minute
seven seconds left and beat about a
minute about let me get back over here
oh my god that was insane
he's got 49 seconds mmm nothing every
single trick was sloppy except the fakie
flip of the cake I couldn't do it like
this but I feel like the open areas
would make it less better yes if I do it
like this it'll feel like I'm doing a
baseball bat kind of like you know
wow we're gonna go down you're not doing
there we're going over there I'm
checking to say be with me who gets head
room oh it's you good yeah that's why
that's why you're not hold the camera
why am i doing it with the open side
close side alright are you ready I do to
get locked
hahaha he doesn't deserve Brian you you
TI's i won i won
that's what it's gonna be from now on
I'm not losing and I'm not gonna oh
that's gonna hit you should destroy it
ah whatever let's go bye
you
thanks for filming Katie I don't that
well that's thanks you're filming Casey
welcome thanks happy birthday your
birthday repeat the line I'm gonna party
by playing Mario Kart I'm gonna party by
playing Mario Kart repeat the line I
like cheese
I like cheese repeat the line it's your
telephone it's your telephone kylo Ren's
birthday is here
kylo ren's birthday is here cool Casey
I'm gonna party like it's your birthday
I'm gonna party but like it's your
you
