well hello and welcome to the snow ski
but yeah I told you guys I was gonna try
to do some real tricks and I'm
struggling here I really am but uh I'm
gonna do my best
I want to keep up these stairs but we'll
see what happens it's gonna be so hard
it's not gonna happen
hey are you ready for this I'm ready
first right once
oh it was brunch him hey we gotta do a
line I'll do that all right he's gonna
kill me that came off oh just slip back
I'm getting way lazier with my Ollie's I
gotta pop it was so bad in so many ways
how do I eat eject my Corky's you try to
do is shove it hit the fancy way to both
feet the middle under the fence dude
dude is gone forever
it's like a hundred feet away that sucks
you're going down there just wears you
out yeah it's a hill yes I'm counting
I'm counting to do that was good I gotta
move on dude
whoo I would slit I wanted that first
attempt from that screw dude
oh yeah that's screwed there's a screw
in the ground over there screwed but
these things head like a thick chunk of
plastic they're good you gotta really
flick it that was good Oh guy go slow
you just stomp the tail yep
chill hard way easier if I had Talent
poor money because money can buy cake
whoops all right
every time that the heavens just ice to
back dude oh I failed the cake look man
that's not surprising hell do I really
want to find it so stairs that you can
just go straight at and actually learn
how to like skate stairs but at least I
did my first Holly is Haley I drop over
here they want me to do this is where I
get hurt in the video yeah he'll be good
one time how was snowboarding patch I do
a wall this is with like I'm like a boy
home target snowboarders on the stupid
and I didn't jump really enough I just
went completely upside down land in my
head into scorpion it's awesome down a
wall dude that's amazing I just got out
I thought broke my back would've
happened you should do that more often
yeah yeah you're right there's a drop
this is actually I'm right there is a
drop oh it's weird though you got you
got it
there's no track oh wow that exists yep
there's a pole move over there you go I
felt like I'm manual dead cool
oh yeah I failed I failed a kickflip
but thank you - ever since those Gates
for sending me my snow skate last year
hopefully get some more you sad but
hopeful Atlanta cave about sinistairs
guys saber saber was the ones it's
really good data yeah I dropped my glove
in the in the freaking in the water that
sucks
at least I fell for you guys enough okay
I hope I at least entertain you by that
I'm done I'm gonna go I'm gonna go drive
whoa
eyeball with a nose flake did you feel
meant I got hit in the eye by a
snowflake like dead doesn't start
desktop direct hit hey I know you're in
here and they say gosh
and II have to change my battery didn't
say gosh
