Doug desert ELLs yeah what is up brother
tired what day is the day right now
Sunday know what day what video is today
that's not five with who me with you I
know one my hands are super dirty
because I just got done trying to train
for a very long time yeah you did too so
I'm sorry I'm sorry guys if you see a
dirty hand go like that because I go
like that when I talk here well there's
a random laptop that's cool yeah you
want us to sit on the bench
alright are you ready I think so ok just
kidding how'd you get you guys all right
I'm hold on let me think this is a
completely unplanned Oh sometimes I read
them down I didn't write down at all
ed ago we got it right off the bat top 5
grinds grind know the grind crooked
grind front crooked grind
I wanted Noth grind and switch trick the
count yeah I think you anytime to think
of that at all you were like I'm so
hyped up in the video he was doing it he
was doing a bit rude things only I'm
getting it man top 5 things to do
besides skateboarding snowboarding
fishing traveling bar thing I'm a
girlfriend and video games video games
do you say that I don't know you said
fishing snowboarding no burning house it
I've never seen a snowboard high dude
but you love it alright fair enough
top 5 professions beach you would do
besides skateboarding video game okay
good one
which is funny that that's like a
progression these days not like not a
designer not like a tester but like an
actual video gamers I can't deal that'll
be horrible yeah making out like video
games I game for sure another one though
only what kind of goal okay yeah
entrepreneur fisherman I was about to
say I was like dude you just do the same
five answers I guess being an extra in
MIDI movie the video there anything yeah
what you've done kind of hide your
market model oh yeah what do you do
being paid for looking in that camera
boy have you done that response catalogs
I guess top five video games
fallout 4 GTA 5 these are all new games
they're amazing
I'm gonna pick Delta great don't fell
down okay correct love it I'm a funny
guy talk to who else a good one yeah
that's alright
probably call duty did
play games it's kind of fun I suck at it
but I have fun playing is that five yeah
boom Newser what do you think that I'm
gonna ask him like the one you have to
ask dog foods exactly what I don't know
if you'd answer because you only eat
three things or top five foods Pizza
all right egg chicken any kind of way
turkey sandwiches and macaroni and
cheese
do you eat oh you eat cereal to zero
and those are the six things I eat I
gave it Doug his first fried macaroni
and cheese ball what is that where'd you
get that working huh that sounds amazing
that's new for me when I bet top 5
movies The Goonies Star Wars that does
he usually likes all of them well you
could say even batch mother alright cuz
it's like one story the first three
original grades didn't original 3 yeah
you don't like movies I will say at the
fathom fairy tale that cars a lot it's
not the best movies but I enjoy it
they're cookie cutter I mean like
they're like made for to be entertaining
in somebody yeah Oh rat race I enjoy
definitely movie there you go yeah well
make sense
5 embarrassing bands that you listen to
that you enjoy embarrassing
yeah that you don't want to admit I can
admit all of them that I'm berry thing
oh well that one's all I could you like
handsome no ok Hansen's one oh that I
don't like yeah you don't want to know
that you do like but you don't hit I
don't like him Hanson no top 5 animals
he walked away what is it to get out of
here
t-rex alright that works sure I said
with a shark but shark a shark a shark
hey tiger they're beasts Jaguar a
frightening feel like the cool it's not
for poor man giraffe of course a giraffe
all you a pet giraffe I don't top 5
greatest tricks ever done ok I'm saying
the first grace trick ever done is a
Kelly Kelly hearts baggy tre flip fakie
yeah Mattie congratulations Kelly hard
and the best trick in skateboarding
hands down it's not much a trick it's a
whole line Jerry is opening line and
saying oh yeah at Carlsbad yeah yeah
that line is the best line in
skateboarding another trick I like a lot
is a thing goes that gentle video with
my Carol DWP he didn't know I said 504
180 out or if it backed up I wasn't my
idea let's be right yeah got Mariano
switch tre flip a nosegrind a hand
that was nuts I'm gonna fake Tom pennies
which meant the lapel record that gap it
was perfect perfect he literally did it
like he did down a three it was low yeah
top five funny friends well Andy Drock
really I just dude I didn't consider
myself at all I thought was well I'll
let you go sandpaper I know black ninja
for sure okay he's funny he's on there
first on the list I'm gonna hit Daniel
abs hilarious he's a word funny but I
love it
I got a lot of funny fans Anakin I can't
think of text
detective mansion Texas pretty funny hey
dude I thought you were gonna be like
Thomas Frye names because I was thinking
like well I want like just naturally
funny people in the driveway
Thomas you meant like joking that's fine
I'm sleeping funny but like yeah he's a
dude he's an awesome dude
but he's hilarious yeah test up five of
the last one get over here text get what
get over here tags you can't just shout
it for across the parking lot
top five songs I'll give a free songs
yeah songs is right way better I'm not
gonna thong no top five songs this way
said you guys that you got it yeah right
okay handsome Bob no solid mischief nine
three tell Finity oh you're the fame
what's that you're a song all the way o
dr. Dre now you'd say yeah I'm gonna say
yeah snoops Jin Joos yeah oh yeah so one
more Bob no not at all
all the early slim shady stuff alright I
can't no doubt in fair enough Doug's
been a pleasure having you on here if
you guys would like to see more of his
face doing things his youtube channel
was right down there and in the info at
the end of the video and that's it we
have to end on that note
yeah yeah hey can you do a flip
yeah
that was the best ending to that video
there you go
and here's Brett Nomex face for the
bonus clip I am Vaughn special you said
special I said bonus you said I was a
new person on a bonus person you cleared
those regions here catch this
