what is up guys it is vlog so 7 the word
vlog sucks now that we got that out of
the way I'm about to eat soup you guys
see me do it all time here's my soup
same soup I always get dude just do that
you know I feel like most males can just
couldn't eat the same thing every day
for the rest of our lives but I want to
eat this this give glorious while
watching Jessica Jones that's what I'm
watching and then I'm going to do a
variety of things which I'll get to
later because I'm going to make you go
away so I can enjoy the soup that's my
plan after eating my soup I started
going through clips because I'm getting
clips to post my street throw away part
which is basically like the clips that I
put on YouTube last year on the street
skateboarding clips and I just realized
that one of my videos has 7 point 7
million views it's a video that Ryden
and I did at the part and I have no idea
why this got this many views cuz it's
not really different than any other
ridin video I did but that's all oh my
gosh that's amazing so thank you thank
you you guys for watching my video
there's a lot of views I'm gonna finish
up doing something here and we go into
the warehouse and we got a bunch of
these Japanese treats from one of our
distributors in Japan so Kenji thank you
if you're watching this we need to send
a Kenji a box of thank-you gifts but
they're so delicious and I'm gonna go
eat something to be amazing we're going
skating today was supposed to be just
Casey and I but now rhyme bracken here
is here supposably so that's cool it'll
turn into a little crew we're going to a
skate park across town and it's cold
it's like 20 degrees Fahrenheit ok for
all you Celsius people that's in the
negatives don't throw things at me it's
ok for you to complain about cold if
someone else is colder it's like if you
break your arm and I break my arm a
little less there's always gonna be a
state or country that's colder than
yours yeah there's always gonna be a
broken arm more than yours well I'm Sam
but you still broke your arm yeah you
have coffee
how are your french fries didn't have
any I turned my ankle and I can kinda
skate but I'm probably not going to
because ok I'd rather have a deal you
can get some clothes for this and then
we'll get some clothes for your video
yes you're still gonna get a video ok my
cameras over there I'm gonna film yeah
oh they got a new camera yeah hey you
guys want to eat some of these delicious
Japanese foods there dude is the Pocky
gone
I had Pocky for the first time Laird and
it was fantastic seven point seven
million views on ride ins video oh yeah
I know that's nuts dude I'm gonna eat
that right now
yeah that Kenji thank you uou we're
gonna send you something
we still haven't cleaned the warehouse
since the holiday craziness but look at
these little baggies dude come on rip it
oh look lay their little mushrooms wow
that was insane
okay so since it's so cold I am gonna
get a new hoodie because I have a wife
and wife's wives take your hoodies they
really do I'm always like I wake up
every morning and I'm like oh my gosh
where's my hoodie and I have to use some
like weird old hoodie that I have I'm
getting a new one so Kasey when you're
watching this please adjust the
inventory in the store I'm taking one
wow we have more revived I kind of want
the force but we'll go through vibration
really wants to take this posture you
shelled out right now yeah oh thank you
here's what honey it looks exactly like
I'd always does you're gonna skate too
Brian I am it's a rarity that you come
out and skate board with this uh but
you've been doing better I would like to
say this you actually this year yeah
because it just started been like one
out of this the six days yeah you you
skated that's pretty good like once a
week at this point all I'm trying to
make that effort yeah I mean you skate
here all the time are you guys ready to
go
alright I'm it are you ready to go
Oh Brian remember the one time I has to
put hot sauce my fridge and then you put
lettuce in there so they put that in my
fridge we would they would ever want to
say this much let have no idea it would
likely that it was no what no but it was
like entertainer it was a container yeah
you know what will you put this in her
fridge oh I heard hey seems like
something gonna free hey hey hey hey
Brian will you put that in there and I'm
gonna enjoy a salad one day and I'm
gonna film it sure literally a day my
video of what just happened called me
are we giving with my business partner
with salad arguments alright so yeah
we're on our way to the skate park um
and then we're gonna skate them escape
there for like an hour then I'm going
home I'm gonna hang out with ride and
then my lady and I have a date tonight
which I'll end the vlog is out there but
until then you're along for the ride I
hope the the warehouse craziness wasn't
too bad I actually broke my GoPro the
one I typically use so now I switched
over to revives GoPro I'm gonna look
into getting a new vlog vlog aside
camera I hate the word vlog and then
hopefully it'll be soft but bear with me
on this one let's go get some take clips
guys it got 20 degrees warmer so it's
still like it's kind of nice for a
winter day feels great outside so I just
told everybody that your car is adorable
we're here hey we always just called the
baby - ever pike it's closed because
it's like made out of recycled baby
diapers run breakfast me the Duke you
fall down and get a rash I'm laughing so
hard I wasn't I did - how much good this
ground is really bad oh it like slows
you down the faster you go it's so hard
this is like a you're like skating up a
mountain to get here I know it doesn't
look like it's kind of weird though
round coping just feels fun Bry names
gonna be nice enough to film well you
know it's really cool is when you land
in the Grand Canyon you landed that I
landed by both my wheels in it so I'm
not gonna 500 5050 to do it but cheese
why would you have that as skate park
I tried really hard to land the left I
almost fell out bigger yes you did
hi hey that didn't used to be here we
were younger did you lose one's glass
right here
yeah that's safe let's go
well what sugar you do brandy thank you
for filming you're welcome
three high-fiving I read no I was just
doing I was pointing at you but I have
this is in my hand
amateur power saw the top of that box oh
you did especially this part Navy ah you
got it dude
ha ha ha so good I did such a Brian
names trick right all right you guys are
out of here
yeah I gotta go back to work bye I'm
saying good CEO uh well good skate with
you hey you do good working with you
yeah good work with you while you're
staying
Ryan Bracken with the Benihana Wow you
really got it out there ah whew I dude
good job thank you
dude look at the picture on it though
like it looks like a ghost with eggs I
just sent my off I did I didn't go to
Japan but that's worse wrong horse from
Jimmy's Vegas caramel or if you just
started speaking Japanese you're tEG's
its eggs okay good bye friend Sam my
friend
all right session over uh that wasn't
that long it was like fry like 40
minutes but it was fun it was a good
time but now I'm gonna go back to my
house to play with Rhydon before my date
tonight
are you watching this again got a hug I
got here fast
what is this is this Harry and his
bucket of dinosaurs do what do you want
to put pokemon cards in the binder
yeah all right I'm a dad oh I love you
too buddy come here yeah I love YouTube
we've been meeting to do this he's been
really psyched on Pokemon lately and he
inherited some cards and he actually has
a new pack somewhere so we're gonna open
that and then we're gonna put him in a
binder all right I got a binder did you
get the cards rich with the cards I
smashed up 55 cakes in my face one time
you trashed one came in your face flies
in my favor
when I was younger when you're younger
cuz I didn't know you when you're
younger did I we got some pages in the
binder we have a new pack of cards
should we open this I'll let you I'll
get the pack out you open it okay and
you get to go through the cards oh okay
you got a skiddo I I already got this
one well it's okay to have more other
one here keep going through it oh my
gosh oil you got a Jigglypuff got a pawn
aired got a Jigglypuff foil Dunsparce
rare Beedrill you got a inkay well did
you have a good day today what you and
Mom do we thought done by yes we did and
I love you he loves you
what do you think about it so far ridin
you like it we're gonna fill this whole
thing up
do-do-do-do-do-do dune well that's all
sober from the 80s Oh No
all right but that is it this is blogger
sub 7 I think I'm at I hope you guys
enjoyed this was kind of crazy quick one
um I hope you guys enjoyed hanging out
with me I'm gonna get the GoPro
situation worked out and get some sort
of new vlogging camera whether it's
another GoPro or I'm going to keep using
this one I don't know but I'm gonna go
on a date with your mom
you can always say that so much in your
life I got to use that you get to go
hang out with mom although but you guys
for hanging out with me uh and riding
you want to say bye bye see you tomorrow
haha oh and you're falling and you're
following take it easy guys
Ausmus I went into a train and a train
talked in my face then I wanted to go
potty and ate it you got hit by a train
and then went potty yeah wow I missed
that one too uh uh how about when I was
young okay
I assumed now that thing go yeah that
was the same day you had quite the life
when I wasn't looking when you're
younger
you
