YouTube what's up guys this is a
day-in-the-life 39 but uh yeah I don't
think I've ever recorded myself this
fast like I literally was sleeping about
two minutes ago this is kind of a weird
day I'm staying at home because I got
some people work on the house and a bed
being delivered you're gonna go to
school yeah and there's a fruit stack
oh look good he's about to go to
preschool with his mom goes through grad
school and I'm gonna stay here get some
work done and then I'm gonna go to
warehouse it's snowed so maybe I'll just
stairs gate I don't know I have no idea
what I'm doing today no good today
you already have today yeah there's a
while ago is it go cold thing that isn't
GoPro thing how does it taste
no we want to see that usually got your
hair wedding down look at my hair still
mess oh are you excited for school today
oh I wish you'd stay with me too yeah oh
no I'm gonna miss you too give me a hug
I love you so much you can see me at
your after school okay I love you we
recruited by prom love you
yeah like I said some somebody's coming
to come fix the house today and then I'm
receiving my bed finally once I'm
sleeping on a mattress on the floor but
first I gotta get coffee and breakfast
so I'm gonna go do that and come back
here and kind of just work from home and
do stuff around the house for the first
part of the day but then I got a good a
shrink or skateboard maybe snow skate
with Sam Tabor I get to see what he
wants to do but it'll be fun day but
first coffee time never again to be with
that a-hole I want coffee yes I do
I'm gonna drink it that is true that's
right coffee right there
here's to everyone who doubted me
thought I wasn't gonna get coffee I'm
doing it do it things coffee so our kids
table is being made right now and we're
gonna wait like another like two weeks
for it so until then playing on a card
table okay I'm done I'm not playing at
all meeting oh my gosh am i hell ball on
that okay so yeah I'm done eating now
I'm going to go clean my room to make
her in for the bed like I said you know
I'm gonna do email and like edit stuff
but I don't know how long would it be
here it could be like four hours I've no
idea I don't know what I'm gonna do if I
get bored here am I just like playing -
I don't know you might get some really
interesting footage from me being at the
house because I have nothing better to
do food food so we've been sleeping in
this bed for two weeks and it still has
this weird lumpy thing in it I don't
ever get to see this like right here
start by the messy room moving into a
new house is not clean but either way
like that lump sucks I wake up with my
back just hates me every morning so if
anyone knows beds out there tell me it's
gonna settle because I really don't like
that thing it is snowing right now the
house is getting worked on I'm still
waiting for the bed but now I'm going to
edit where goes one thing which comes
out tomorrow how about last Wednesday
for you all right dude working on the
house left for the day
but now I have a toe board see that
didn't used to be there it was
everywhere else in the house but it
wasn't right there now it is
basically I've got like 40 minutes
before the people delivering the bed are
going to deliver the bed and or like
there's like a window at least there's a
two hour window but that begins in 40
minutes I'm going to leave and grab
lunch then I'm basically just gonna goof
off around here Walker work on my
computer to pass the time and but right
now let's go try to find lunch there's
like there's not much open before 11
o'clock so this might suck either way I
would put food in my face in some
fashion
Patera thank you for being the only
place that's open before 11:00 to get
lunch now I'm gonna go home and eat my
lunch while watching Jessica Jones which
is the show I've been watching recently
cars don't hit me you I'm talking to you
actually Honda come on Lady come on you
can do it there you go she's she's going
Stella Jessica Jones it's pretty good so
far
she just has one of those names is like
Jessica Jones speech I want to say just
like that alright I'm gonna eat this out
it's gonna be great alright that salad
was unfortunately not that big but I'm
dying right now and I'm gonna have those
days where I just don't eat as much as I
want to I mean if I eat as much as I
want to I would just not stop eating
I'll just eat tacos and popcorn all day
whoa with the snow it just suddenly
started blasting a blizzard but I'm just
waiting for the bed people I'm going to
mess around here with some stuff I'll
probably actually do some fun stuff like
I'll play the guitar I'm gonna play the
guitar this is going to be my office
which in the fisheye looks huge I mean
it's big but it's not like cool some
cool things are going on force awakens
poster Bryan Ames got me this Jamie
Thomas print I'm Graham Britton that I'm
going to hang it's awesome Thank You
Bryan
I got a lot of cool skateboards I got a
Darth Vader skateboard I got a Legend of
Zelda cake muscle I got a Stanley board
signed by Stanley Terra Planet X and
then I got some more skateboards another
cake muscle oh and I totally recently
got an S package so Kelly Hart and Don
Brown thank you guys
oh my gosh oh my gosh cool yeah I was
trying to pick you guys up now
fragments of joy xarna by a freshly
trained heart that beats to disguise
themselves through hell
Wow I need new strings and I need to
play more music and I need to lose more
weight at the same time I kinda like a
taco I would also like bedroom furniture
for my house maybe a dog named Jim I'm
like no angles toaster sure will be bad
either no no no I've got I've had a song
stuck my head's above my whole life
never ever watch Aladdin except please
do watch it cuz it's the best is a movie
ever oh my gosh there it is this is the
bed this is the thing that severely hurt
my schedule today like I was supposed to
be the warehouse by 1:00 and it's about
2:30 right now so I'm gonna have to
skate and then I'm gonna meet up with
Casey I basically had no work done at
the warehouse but I got a lot of work
done like you know on my computer so
that's cool but still I just feel
unproductive I don't know let's go let's
leave hey what are the odds of you
getting stuck behind a school bus that
stops every 15 feet the highly likely
that is the answer hi hi are you are you
coming this way I gotta put these boxes
in your arm so I'm looking at a sock
moving sock business I know I got a
verify and sokka comes out in April
Oh March March March March March March
4th no way that's my spring comes out it
comes out there we go that's when the
spring stuff comes out you can see a
little bit more of the bleeding those
talking about I'm gonna blur this out on
the screen or Lu be really frustrated
they can't see it that'd be amazing
because you're like look at this amazing
thing then we're coming out with in the
spring and the thing is right here this
is the first video you've ever watched
your mind you might be clueless I own
and operate a skateboard company escape
or wheel company with that beer to do
that I was just with and I'm usually
here working everyday but I'm not today
I got ripped off please I get to skate
donuts that's the important part really
brian chambers how you doing are you
good how one less of annoying day wasn't
without me here
but what is normally nine it was quiet
though it wasn't it was quiet yeah I
just walked back and forth all day long
or all knees had Brian sometimes it I
have no idea Brian shavers 302 for your
- all right so I've got to be Casey in
45 minutes which means I have 30 minutes
which Bob I want you to do trick which
means I have like 15 or 20 minutes so
let's see how many tricks I can do it's
not gonna be that impressive
I've never done this tree I'm good
I told you dude yeah I've never done
that trick gonna hit I've done it on
three C's I was like the popsicle like
imma think of a human but I'm asking a
popsicle roll wish god it was clean
I took way too long it's Brian's turn
now though there's a trick oh my gosh so
really good well good to watch I've got
to leave but Brian wants to kick flip
this so I'll see me just pull this oh
those are like the two most perfect
tricks you've ever done for a 30-minute
session though for me I was frustrated
because I thought I was gonna be able
scape like an hour and a half but uh the
bed people Brian the bed people I'm
leaving and this is what you show me Eli
day yeah Eli Dale thank you for this
that's pretty sweet
let's see it's like the Gerber baby he
does look at it oh my gosh yeah Mike
don't face that you've created dude oh
yeah I've got here hello it is Keith
weird a mouth baby I'm gonna cry that's
amazing you're a cat with a broken neck
yeah that's amazing started later oh my
gosh it is bright now staring at the
like an Angels light ball Casey what's
up I'm headed that way to get me just
meet at live lobster we go
come with me if you want to live this is
Casey people hate putting my window up
that's what up so I had like a half hour
to skate how well does that usually go
not well not well well it was all right
it was a four it was was it was a good
session but I was stressed out I mean
what kind of person moons a cat we're
here nope
ah gosh this is the art form that is
changing your shoes in the driver's seat
that's Swift get it a little grocery
market in business no curse mark okay
alright now we need more snow
oh yeah the pebble I couldn't hit my
face around the end of that well it
still suck a snow skating but we're
gonna keep your eye to do this it's cold
but the Sun is melting things anyway it
doesn't make sense I think down the road
yep and Road rhymes with spot to you
probably not gonna be in here but you
dude the snow is just gone and we like
we should have done this day I should
have done this day and lively get that
dude there was holes yeah you did it now
don't feel there you go
wow you walked out dude that's good
whoo good dude that was so good I know
I'm like better on associate with
heelflip see that in my skateboard Casey
thanks for hanging out
Wow you like punched me punched her in
30 so I see tomorrow
oh look who's asleep little dude we got
tiny riding this and now he does need to
wake up hey buddy look there be Lord
your shrimp is cooking this is like
family cooking time that is gonna be
good Rai Rai what right now oh yeah yeah
we shouldn't mess around the stove
actually red-hot bagel while mom is
finishing up cooking do you want to get
some Hungry Hungry Hippos let's go get
the box come on okay now you got 11 and
I got 7 you got the most good job buy
you one well this looks wonderful
thank you mean well dinner was delicious
I ate a tiny bit too much but it's like
a health thing so it's not the worst
thing for me what's up buddy we have a
Star Wars battle going on apparently
where's bb-8 you had me have him oh ok
he's in the he's naturally swinging
right no keep your hand and help that's
this is bb-8 home oh hey seriously keep
it down down there I tweaked the world
with five with any enemies - you don't
look who I got is back for a rematch
with Darth Maul that was easy
mmm-hmm all right this is not just
flying by ok mom came up and said as you
start to be bedtime for you which means
bath and story and all that stuff but I
try to make a cardboard so bring a
carpet waterbed from before bedtime
let's do it good luck so I have totally
have plans on putting stuff in this but
uh the basement is blank which is prime
place for Carver boring right
it certainly is let's see your moves
buddy
whoo all right we came up with a new
move are you ready all right do it
ha ha ha ha ha oh I landed oh that was
good in the back oh ho don't touch the
camera how was your bath buddy
are you still ticklish effort ridin is
not like getting his teeth flossed okay
that was a day life 39 we are done I
think I springing out I know is weird
I'm sorry I got stuck in my house like
all day next time I'll make sure it's a
day that I don't get stuck my house
ridin do you have a good day
exactly snack hey that also that means
yes I absolutely good day cuz any day
with that brush back is good okay are we
gonna read that heck yes sorry what do
you gotta say to YouTube thank you for
what oh you didn't think YouTube is
reading that to you yeah I didn't know
that
I like Legos Legos are cool but why does
spider-man have a car can you answer
that because he done oh hey it wasn't
nice oh there he is yeah Tara Tara here
he is telling your sorry really
tell me you love him and then you feed
him to an alligator you're not nice to
spiderman dude
you
