Oh ninja did anyone see that coming
because I really didn't alright I was I
was filming him I was the guy holding
the camera
I was the Steven Spielberg - about
everything a positive about Steven
Spielberg because I'm not him have been
really fast
like I don't know if the gravity went
out or not went on like what maybe extra
gravity happened it was like I'm gonna
throw beans just ninjas whole body to
the ground
did you hear it I'm gonna hear it so I
guess you did hear because you couldn't
even hear it what he falls is I I don't
even consider there's a fall I gets a
little it looks like ninja got thrown
like that was a throw like Zeus just
threw some gravity atom and he smacked
across the concrete kind of glad this
happened - ninja - and everyone's like
why what do you got against it again
they have it everyone's like why what he
gotta get oh my gosh everyone's like why
what do you have against ninja and I
don't have anything against ninja I like
I like him and he's a good dude he's my
friend but he takes falls like a dude
okay he takes falls like a grown man I
mean he's a tough dude he can just take
a fall and he gets up and he's angry you
know he's he deals with it just kind of
keeps going so I'd like to say like
don't worry he's fine but he might not
have been fine he might have actually
hurt something he might been sore the
next day or the next week I don't know
he's always getting hurt and it might be
my fault because I feel like the more I
skate with him the morning just falling
lately so I'm sorry if that's the case
ninja at least you still land good
tricks you do too that too but it
happened so quickly it was like like
everything was fine and then also the
world was ending it was kinda like a
plot twist you know so gets me thinking
maybe ninja meant to do this I don't
know maybe we can just keep listening to
try to find more clues all right let's
find out the motives behind this
I'd like to do boom there you go that's
what he likes to do he was trying to do
it gay M night Shyamalan got together
with him he was like hey people are
gonna expect you to follow your face
like a lightning bolt to the ground and
then it happened I'm sorry to do this
again because I've done this like twice
and we're in for Friday's but I kinda
have to do the change in music fall
again because this was way too peaceful
of a manual and way too abrupt of a fall
there you go let the toying with your
emotions begin watch this
there you go see that was the plot twist
plot to escape videos it's like the new
thing has to be the new thing on in the
Internet and with that noise you can
probably create a rap beat or some sort
of beat I'm gonna do it alright I'm
gonna start I'm gonna see what I can do
but I'm gonna do it let's see if we can
make music out of ninjas body that
sounded weird I don't know how that
turned out because I have an editor yet
but I like to imagine that it was it was
okay yes that was a brutal fall you'd
hear it it literally sounds like someone
threw a bag of bricks onto the ground
and that bag of bricks was ninja but yes
he landed it and I'm actually to go one
step further I'm gonna show you the line
and then show a montage of kind of all
the stuff ninjas been throwing down the
last few times have skate with him
because he's been killing it it has been
doing awesome lately so I'm gonna throw
some random YouTube generic beat and
play some skate footage enjoy guys
there you guys hope you guys dug that
skating ninjas is a very very good
skateboarder every time I gone with him
he's usually throwing something down and
lately he's been falling so it's the
best of both worlds cuz when you get a
good fall and get a good land you can go
home you're like that's right I did both
okay I fell and landed now I'm gonna eat
some pasta some pizza some which one I
don't know
figure it out Andy but that's it okay
guys dug this my dewfall fridays about
every other Friday and I'll lay enough I
already have another ninja fall Friday
so the next time I do this probably will
be ninja and it's a really good fall but
like I said you saw the skating you guys
that he's wonderful landing tricks if
you'd like to be saw go down there an
info and check his channel out he has a
lot of good skate content that's really
funny but that's it I do daily videos
here so hit the subscribe button if you
want to see more for me and the hot seat
this week is Casey Bechtler come on down
Casey he's right here actually so you
have a top-five list of ways to get
tickled what is your right now what
would be your favorite way to get
tickled the second one Bryan playing in
a bath full mustard okay okay
and how much would you hate being in a
bath full of mustard it would suck to
clean up after that you'll be wearing a
speedo no yes no yeah you actually would
be
