my CAPRISA Amy right now let it be right
in the nose with you in the night of the
nose dude I scored you off I couldn't
see it at all I I don't I didn't get
what no yeah come on buddy you're gonna
have 15 minutes that off I'm still going
shut up Carlo you're in at 15 minutes to
do three tricks you're gonna find out
what those tricks are as we go okay if
you do all three you get ten bucks all
right then we're gonna make your
skateboard definitely more special yeah
well no is it Casey was filming you guys
you guys look like like like like black
cats on Wednesdays after you do that you
end the original three tricks you're
going we're to make your board special
and then if your your injury redo the
same tricks again you get five bucks we
can do with this the special north and
regardless at the end we're gonna head
you with mightiness I didn't listen to
him but what he went to what he was
supposed to say was that you have 15
minutes to do everything okay we're
gonna make you do three specific tricks
everything 15 minutes do every
everything yes you got to do three
specific tricks we're gonna tell you
what they are as you go after you land
those you get $10 okay
now all right when you when you get that
$10 we're gonna do something special to
your border right you understand that
yeah and then after that if you land
these three tricks again with that
special board you get five dollars for
each trick either way at the end we're
gonna hit him not him you with nerf guns
darts sorry either way I lose either way
you get hit with no first what is wit
what is you look so dumb right here no
it's your go let's stop talking this guy
all right
not me oh oh oh this is actually like
something like yeah oh my god the whole
thing is just like me for one of them oh
you
wow the water frozen your GoPro all
right we gotta watch the Wang get hit in
the face that cup I could see it all
dude no don't like it please
uh no whirring up because now we can
warm up go to go do a 180
when you say 180 is usually frontside
dude I like backside better well do a
front would be good okay here warmed up
I'm warm
how's your coffee taste moustachy Brian
thank you is it yes before this video
started Ryan Ames was like drinking my
drink and I could just see is the
bristles of his moustaches entering
right and turn mic up and you don't know
where they went
they give me anywhere you can see my
mustache at all times my drink confident
this is a confident mustache yeah I
don't know what yours is a confident
mustache yeah I do you don't cuz I kind
of just well not very well it was really
good
alright you win you don't skate now we
practice that every day yeah that's all
you guys just to eat at home
he's like feed each other boy whoa all
right could you please keep doing this
I'm not good
no do you want to drink coffee this
episode could you film you know but I
wanted to smack that on your hand I
would look I want everyone's skating
that kickflip under coffee wasn't a nose
man it's a good coffee
it actually tastes like mustache this is
like the hardest warehouseman thing
we've ever tailings it's pretty mean
this is a mean where else house good
wait for the good pitches dude what
yeah wait for the good pitches yeah it's
like a saint what movie is that from oh
no it looks way better God - yeah as I
said it was Peter Pan the whole time and
no one remembers I was a pirate wait for
the good pitches dude and he forgot a
skateboard in someone else's car so he's
like he's getting like a hodgepodge of
things that were here in the warehouse
oh that was a good pitch you just didn't
hit the ball dude freaking did it oh so
good you are one learn away to a second
dollars and a half next trick sir is a
front leg level the hip door will give
you a choice I'm going to omit G mode
the average player on this game let's
watch frontside flip the hip or back
side will be gyro pick one backs I'm
 here backside flip your oh it is
and everyone's singing like these are
tricks Sam does every day just wait till
the second half of this where else
Wednesday I don't know what it was I
know what it is got to tell you I have
these in my pocket
oh I was so ready different have any
water this next trick is followed up by
Thomas's emotions Star Wars coloring
book I have two at home
he's got 12 minutes left my I started
out here at straight course the good
backside flip down let us borrow two
trash Wow every statement I ever said
that about that kid because it's an
awesome guy that was that was and Cooper
Queen Allegra pestle on her thank you
thank you I like hugs trying to
high-five Alex but you just put coffee
at me
hey I did there's coffee on my office
our little Brisbane oh yeah I think I'll
be on it you know huh Guinea was like
it's probably the right thing to do
Sam Tabor you've done a good job in the
first few tricks you do a fakie half cab
manual that's one of you on that no no
your nose I need you to thank you
baseman man you as I said what is that
picking half-cab Vicky big spin manual
backs 180 i smartest guy that's horrible
at all I can't talk he's not a good
talker
he's he's pretty good this trip we're
making thing that he's got sailing
because it's about to get really hard
there wasn't there wasn't it was it
between dries I'm gonna learn caveman
manuals okay
oh did that second try the second try I
will let me live I keep man manual hey
no you touched he talks held amazing
saber
I even do the trick all the Sullivans
trick I do what he do finger flip man
you again oh I'm sure he did this is
gonna be fun
saber you're gonna go with Alex he's
gonna interview you for his
behind-the-scenes video he does all his
journal I will be taking this for our
names Casey you can come with me okay
okay I want you to guess what we're
gonna do to your escape or should we do
this holes in it paint it you don't know
yeah with the group - hey don't no no no
no no no no let's go Posey okay where
should he go take him take him go -
we're out there on the old warehouse you
get the DRI mm isn't that a spell you
can't read it either then meet me at the
top yeah I'm gonna take the stuff using
my hands or an ambient air okay do one
here one here one here one here no one
knows what's going on or now so we are
going to take an existing skateboard put
on top of his deck and he's gonna have
to do all those tricks again like the
worst hangover dear then do it up then
do we all burn who goes a wheel burn was
easy
I found you're having to drill holes
this might actually turn out to be like
the easiest thing my world I hope he's
not good at it I hope he's like almost
good at it there oh that's in there
backwards that's great that's amazing
put the day on the door there the tail
it is intentionally yeah sure we did you
repeat that
here's question what are we gonna do
about the beasts cuz if he lands a trick
upside down it's gonna stab we're just
gonna take a hammer it's gonna knock
them out you got one yeah see how it
comes off yeah so I thought we're gonna
happen right so we're breaking off yeah
perfect
are they saying about let me do a kick
whole new people ah you can go first
how cool to find out right now in today
how hard this is gonna be able to it's
gonna be hard to come roll around as us
awful it's so heavy
all right would you pop it it makes you
pop your tricks I like oh how's our good
kick what huh Hey all right they ready
it's amazing this is gonna be good let's
go gets a bird let's go Jerry let's get
good there's not there's no way are you
ready are you ready to do all those
tricks again that's gonna solve it oh no
way there's no way
that is ridiculous I haven't even
matched up like you put it I put it on
backwards
oh yeah you gotta pop off the right it
just feels really heavy I don't know
so all you kids who have a crack board
there you go that's the way to fix it
and she feels like vinegar because
Brian's eating a house you get to you
have to do a lot how much times yeah
yeah like I sold eight minutes right now
812 be exact you have ate that and you
got to do you got to try to do those
again okay and you can pick your order
so we're gonna be kind of nice to you
okay so get your Lincoln Log and chai do
the tricks what trick first right what
make sense oh you always have that like
no second try
hey well you already are ten bucks Wow
Wow dude we put no effort and actually
thinking about how the board was on
there oh my god it's six and a half
minutes left I think it's been a minute
half hearty yes I think you're gonna do
it
oh uh hey Thomas you like those these
are the best flavor that was better than
the other one that was so good
hey you had 15 bucks I do have to do
this okay
I'm gonna pause pause momentarily 41 do
next backside flip for the kick up nose
Manny I'm gonna try it focused ableism
those are really tough okay sure egging
and Indians are delicious yeah we know
oh my gosh yeah I think you got that
what's the time he's got 2 minutes and
47 seconds left one minute left
and that's a solid three tries teen
seconds 15 seconds can get one more try
you got one more try come get close to
you
and the buzzer went dude that was one
remarkable Oh 20 bucks and now you get
to get hit by nerf guns great I forgot
I'm excited Beck's excellent Lily please
I want the big one
did that hurt it's like a paintball gun
good job I got 20 bucks for you what do
you say we go with shirt shop you and me
just so you guys don't think that we
absolutely ruined these skateboards
actually probably still straight-up
skate these dicks but they're actually
going to go to be mini greens this guy
right here reuses scape used skateboards
to make mini boards and so one day
you'll go to buy these on his store
awesome so look out for that okay I'll
have Sam sign yeah I'm gonna free for it
yeah who's it yeah probably it's gonna
take a second Wow there we go yes that
is not you
you
