that was awesome - oh my god you just
made nothing that was great that's gonna
start the end like I feel so hot
maybe
trash
I shouldn't
YouTube what is up guys so that was a
recap of all of my YouTube footage from
2017 which is pretty much throw away
because if I land a trick that is good I
save it for a future video part which
speaking of I totally dropped a video
part in 2017 so if you guys want to see
some street footage it's on revive
skateboards second full-length video
take over the world which you can get
for digital download or the DVD it's
right there on the Shred quarters calm
but I hope you guys liked that I did not
get to skate as much as I wanted to last
year especially Street and Park in
general like I'm so busy in life that
shred quarters is right there so I don't
have a lot of options Cincinnati does
not help because it's usually raining or
snowing or just terrible outside but I'm
still skateboarding and that's the point
I love skateboarding so much and I am so
thankful that I somehow managed to find
a way to make it a huge part of my life
and I'm still learning new tricks and
progressing in different areas and it's
just it's it feels so awesome oh and I
would like to thank Raven underground
who has always let me use their music he
just released some new stuff so I'll put
a link to the music right down there and
you can get the music right there on the
link so if you liked it please support
him super awesome dude and he creates
good music so hope you guys like that
I'm going to do the same thing next year
I'll just do a recap of all of 2018
footage I used to make like a straight
quarters part a straight part and a
skate park part but these days like I
kind of try to focus on larger videos so
I hope you guys liked the whole like
buffet like a buffet of skateboarding
drinks like I did in this that's it I do
videos here all the time so if you want
to see more for me just hit the
subscribe button right down below it's
free easy and your Center to see more
and then if you'd really like to be
awesome hit the bell button it's a dumb
that I have to say two things but yeah
the Bell button will notify you right
when a video is uploaded but I hope you
guys have a great day
skateboard if you can I'm going to go to
dinner with my family right now because
it's like 7:00 now it's 6:30 by the time
I get there be seven though you really
know too much about my evening alright
have a good one guys right in go get
ready break go dude
here on the floor we have a dog he looks
like a deer and he thinks that if he
does not move I cannot see him well
you're wrong dog you are just plain
wrong you do look like a deer though
