what did it do last night yeah it's
right now it's snowed yeah and what are
we gonna do now yeah we're gonna snow
skate we've been waiting all winter and
it finally snowed are you gonna do that
on the snow skate yeah heck yeah it's
not a lot of snow but we're going to try
to make the best of it and we're gonna
go do some father-son snow skating are
you ready
it snowed model yes in a different form
yeah hey you guys you ordered something
I hope you knew that though okay hey
let's go get blown up okay say bundle
time
bundle time to 360 you are gonna be a
very warm guy aren't you
I'm gonna be somewhat warm you're gonna
be wait warmer because I'm not wearing
anything like this
Hey look you have overalls on is this
where does this go is this a fruit snack
I'm just kidding I'm not going to eat
your boot I'm not gonna eat his boot all
right these are noodle does that feel
good does your foot feel what good sighs
I'm gonna be honest I bought these
without trying them on and we nailed the
size didn't we
okay for being dudes not try and close
on what kind of mittens are those half
right chopped we got boots
we got heavy-duty wind your overalls
shirt pants inside a double layer jacket
mittens
a beanie you are ready to go me I've got
a hoodie and gloves that's it that's all
I need right but you need to be warm I
wanna walk you're very warm let's go
come on yeah all right you ready to go
but pause you look really cute in your
winter gear
did you take your mittens off well
that's why you have a dad you're cold
booth but even even got out of the car
yet what do we have here right in know
what is this you're holding I would yeah
it's our it's our snow skate buddy
ambition sent me this last year and I
was super excited I still AM I wish I
got to use it more and then wow wow this
is much deeper than it looks
let's walk up these steps buddy we gotta
trek to the top of the hill hey now what
are you doing no no he's gonna snowball
oh it's not good packing snow you tried
though didn't you all right be careful
this is slickery it's very slippery so
this is ridings this is we found the
grass it was right where you left it
this is ridings first time so we're
starting out on the baby Hills hey quit
throwing your snowballs boy all right
come on you gonna stand on and go hey
hey all right you ready
hey what give you a hint give me your
head oh you got all snowy didn't you let
me dust y'all
that was awesome let me build a track
first and then we'll go down it okay I'm
glad you having a good time let dad
build a track okay
come on oh you gonna film it Hey ready
yeah I did it don't put it in the snow
Oh
YouTube is gone sorry YouTube we put you
in the snow what's going now red uh-huh
your turn
come here it's serious now okay you're
gonna go fast so step on it and I'm
gonna run with you ah you gotta keep
going Oh buddy I think you're trying to
fall on your face at this point got it
go oh good give me five
yes buddy you just did it like a champ
don't do it raises kickflip ha ha ha oh
my god that was good do it at the same
time no charge let's do the hill at the
same time be big
whoa whoa whoa is deep y'all right let's
make a path verse hey buddy
later Oh whoo there we go
how you do it he's taking on the big
hill all right ready
stay there stay there you're doing it oh
are you ready oh just keep standing
there oh oh this is the one you want to
do it again after that we'll come back
another snow day buddy that was a pretty
that was a slam right there yeah so we
got to call it a wrap but I'm I just
picked it minute jump
well that angle is horrible we gotta do
it again
and boom just like that we are home we
didn't last long the GoPro died and this
guy got really cold didn't you hain't
got polite yo yeah I got really cold
even though even though you had mittens
and gloves on yeah
did you have fun snow skating though do
you think when you get a little older
you're gonna try some tricks oh yeah but
we are gonna get into some warm clothes
and hang out everybody thank you guys
for watching my video I'll help you I
like it and down-filled in the basement
i meani dry and i'll be with playing now
bail yes that is all true yeah I mean
I'll be with playing with play-doh and
you got it everywhere yeah but thank you
guys for watching I hope you dug it's um
we don't have any hot cocoa but we're
gonna drink apple juice and uh stereo
pictures of hot cocoa right oh yeah yeah
cuz that's what you do a winter days
what a kid
alright take it easy guys
oh and I have a snow skate video where
I'm actually gonna try to do tricks
coming out soon because I'm gonna go out
with Sam taper a little bit but when
it's just the little guy and I I can't
really like try a bunch of fun things
but so stay tuned for that guys but you
took some spills like you fell yeah and
you were like laughing about it
was it fun falling yeah yeah do not
throw that sock especially into the
fireplace give it to date your dad you'd
your dad's hand put them in your dad's
hand snowball hey who do I love that's
right
