hey it's a beautiful day out here in
Switzerland i bought a Walmart board
it's 60 kilogram only hello if you is
the term kilogram but I got I got 80
kilograms so this is probably gonna
break really fast we are not going to
unwrap this board we're gonna just skate
it like that like this with all the
plastic on it and I'm going to try to do
10 tricks on this before i'm gonna start
skating this awesome skateboard I just
like you to ask if you come to subscribe
to my channel because I've been working
real hard on this video's and that way
you keep me doing this video's that way
by subscribing to my channel you're
gonna keep me into a videos like this
for other channels and I almost do daily
updates on my channel and I have trick
tips straight parts weird tricks
whatever you one day in the lives we got
everything so what'd be cool if you
subscribe ok so we're gonna start off
with a fakie bigspin first truck
first try so now trying to back swim
affects a grenade it is the body
starting to unwrap itself by skating
it's pretty fun on that backside made it
was really slippery shopping at this
sick sticker just fell out of the bar
six sticker now oh yeah next week is
gonna be a tre flip this is gonna be
it's gonna be tough maybe oh
backside big spin oh so that was sketchy
it was hand touch but um I'm not gonna
redo this uh I'm gonna take that I'm
gonna count that yeah no matter what do
you say I'm gonna come back all right
next one it's going to be really tough
backside 180 late flip that was nothing
and this turns out to be a really hard
trick so um we gotta try a bobcat lately
maybe then this is gonna work
haha nice next drink is going to be a
heel flip like flip like half here and
late flick it back with your back foot
so he'll sleep on the flip or cancel
he'll flip whatever you want to call it
I'll you buy now this trick is not
possible it might be possible but it
would take me forever to land it so
you're just gonna leave this um I'm
gonna try a laid back foot varial
heelflip maybe she's gonna work all
right try again final trick fakie bigger
flip right
well it was so scared I led I landed on
a taillight it was like oh my gosh this
is gonna break Oh what I it didn't so
these tantrics were brought to you by
Johnny Geiger there is a link to my
channel in the description or you can
subscribe by clicking on my head go for
it gonna do it now as I said by
subscribing you keep me doing these
videos I really enjoy doing these videos
for you guys I did not even unwrapped
this thing so great thanks everyone for
watching goodbye
