YouTube what is up guys so I'm about to
do some art on my grip tape and I
figured why not do a video helping you
guys do the same thing with yours
um so I'm going to show you how to draw
some stuff that's very vibrant on your
grip tape Sam actually has an example
right here you don't even have to have
artistic skill it's honestly no artistic
I'm not using him zero but he does have
got a lot of thought into it and it's
goofy and fun and you just get some
special markers we're gonna go to the
store and actually get these markers and
I'm going to draw something on my grip
tape and hopefully you guys can take
from this and do it on your skateboard
as well because it's kind of fun it is
fun so let's go we're gonna do the store
and get some paint pens paint markers
paint markers we're gonna go get it
let's go and we're here if you have any
sort of arts and crafts store you can go
to it this is Michael's it's probably
all over the country right yeah
no better than Tony's what's Tony's I
don't know okay it's no good at Tony's
um at least for arts and crafts but
we're gonna go in here we're gonna
switch over it just took me a solid ten
seconds to get my GoPro to the GoPro and
we'll show you in the store where we
actually get them it's really easy but
uh you know this is what we're doing
yeah are you ready you sarcastic Oprah
let's go look at my face
okay I like Oprah no yeah thank you okay
so we're basically just trying to find
the marker aisle I think that's where
they are I think it's usually one of
these like because here's the paint no
it has to be in this aisle was this the
ones these are what I use but these are
painted these are work right yeah they
should should work so it's a little
pricey um but when you get these you can
use them for your boards ongoing so uh
just kind of know what colors are doing
is they don't to buy too many but I'm
gonna get an array of them would these
yeah see they're like three three to
four bucks each so just pick your colors
and make sure you're not you're not
gonna spend like 50 bucks but you are
gonna spend like you know ten to 20 so
I'm just getting a ton of these uh
because everyone at shred quarters can
use these so I'm gonna get it at some
for everybody but definitely don't buy
all these which I'm doing unless he
wants it once you want to that you
totally buy all these I'm kind of just
afraid of not having enough what was the
one I was looking for orange no I got
that white black yellow white I need a
white cuz I only have like I'm looking
at silver see now we're good now we're
good let's go buy these
all right we got him I got a lot and I
think I'm gonna do BBH Brian Bracken
actually who's about to meet up with us
he did a wonderful BBA that's mine's not
gonna be as good I'm pretty sure because
Ryan Bracken is a talented guy he didn't
he did ten minutes he did really good
but I'm gonna try to do it and I got
cooked some good colors I got a good lie
got an array of options okay that's a
lot so uh we're gonna do go eat a
much-needed taco which if you're gonna
do this you really need to be full okay
you don't wanna be starving to do this
so make sure you go with the taco which
we're gonna go do right now there this
Ryan bracket hey when you draw on
griptape when you paint on griptape do
you typically eat tacos beforehand yeah
oh my gosh okay
so I am back at my office where I'm
gonna do this here's my board and here
all these but imma open them all up
first and then I'm gonna bring up a
picture of bb-8 on my phone and I'm
gonna try to get it on my grip tape so
my best advice is literally just look at
it and do your best you know if you just
kind of keep it basic and draw something
on there it's gonna look okay especially
from a distance you know when I'm not
trying to be Leonardi here I'm trying to
be Andy truck hey what you reading the
revenant later I don't know dude all
right I'm gonna after that real
ten of these pins all right here they
all are I'm gonna bring up a picture of
bb-8 and we're gonna do this um
literally the first the very first like
that that is a perfect picture of bb-8
okay so I kind of want them angled right
here like I don't want his complete body
on the grip tape you know but whatever
you want to do just think about where
your feet are gonna be because like I
personally wouldn't want something right
here your foots gonna be there a lot and
then it's going to get worn off so I
would put it like right here because
typically when you're at a skateboard
your foots at the back and then kinda in
the middle to the front so I'm gonna put
it right there
and whatever your draw is going to get
worn off over time you know especially
on a cruiser you're probably going to
have it for a while typically you're not
jumping downstairs the cruisers unless
unless you're my friends and I because
we've done that before but either way
you know it's gonna be on there for a
while so you always can re-up it like
keep these markers around you give it a
fresh paint clean your grip tape and
give it a fresh coat of paint that works
but these are really cool you just shake
them I would actually get some some like
cardboard or something to get the paint
going before you put on your grip tape
because they could bleed it could come
out really fast or slow you kind of get
used to it so be cautious with these but
really but the main point is pick a spot
that isn't going to be weird when you're
skating so I'm actually getting an extra
piece of grip tape that I had lying
around just to get to kind of test these
markers out but see when you start doing
these the paint markers aren't going to
right so don't be weird you know afraid
you kind of got to go like this and hold
it and it lets the the paint soak into
the tip and then in a second here
obviously it's starting to happen on the
grip tape see now oh look at that
it is happening so it
second that's why I'm testing this out
on other piece of grip tape so I don't
ruin my grip to skateboard and you know
then I'm gonna have to have to deal with
that I don't want to deal with that I
want to do it right the first time so
I'm kind of getting used to it on out of
there piece of grip if you have an old
deck that you could try out I suggest
doing this but get the feel for the
markers before you really go at your
board I sketch this out and test it out
some different color combinations
because I don't have a really bright
orange I have like a light orange a
bright yellow and a bright red and I
kind of messed with it and I found that
if I did yellow red and then orange it
gets a deeper orange right here see this
is kind of what I did then if I just did
yell on orange there which is a little
bit lighter so but if you have the right
colors uh you don't don't worry about it
I kind of have to as I go but but you
know kind of mess around on something
else to kind of get a feel for how we
work and how the colors are going to
look this is clearly just griptape art
so if you screw it up in the worst case
scenario is you got some weird stuff on
your group tape don't put too much
thought into it but I'm gonna basically
go at it I'm just gonna kind of freehand
it and I want to have him on the board
you know on the side kind of like he's
just looking over so I'm like I'll do a
top angle and show you the whole process
and you're good to see how I come up
with this let's see let's see if I can
make this look good
this is bb-8 is a very round dude I'm
going to use this to trace around to
create the body and I don't know if this
because you're cheating but if any
shortcut you can think about to make it
look better by all means I would say go
for it I mean making your things look
crisp and awesome like that is sweet you
know when you ask that girl out and
you're like you want to go out with me
and she's gonna be hesitant and then
you're gonna show her this whoa you can
draw circles like that like by all means
it's in the bank so create shortcuts use
your brain
so there's a little outline but it's a
little sketchy I can go over with a
bigger white and create a thicker line
and it'll look really smooth
you
I use fine tip for these edges make it
look all pretty
all right so I'm being really cautious
I'm doing the color now the orange I
talked about the hopeless looks all
right
and I think it does okay so in the
camera this looks way lighter than it is
it's definitely a little lighter but in
my eyeballs it's better than what you
guys are looking at and then the silver
wasn't popping on the white so I
outlined it in black I know that's not
what vp8 looks like per se but at least
it'll be some definition there I think
would be good so I'm going to just go at
it and draw all this and let's see how
it looks
so there it is there's my finished
product this is my first attempt at
actually doing a real griptape graphic
so I hope you guys like it it's okay um
if I would have learning this I
definitely would have got some back up
fine tips I didn't have a really good
fine tip black I missed the shape of
baby's head but overall when I'm looking
down my board it's going to look pretty
cool I'm pretty psyched on it there's
some definitely some sloppy marks on it
um and what I would do to avoid that is
use fine tip as much as you can in the
big areas it definitely was okay to use
the bigger paint markers but the fine
tips especially like this brand what did
I use a craft smart I mean if you look
at the tip if you could see that it's
really really tiny I mean I learned a
lot from doing this so maybe when I do
another one I'll be better at it and if
you guys liked this video give this
video a thumbs up and I will know that I
should probably do one more of these and
maybe I can redeem myself and making it
clear graphic but I'm still over like I
said overall I'm pretty psyched on it
I'm actually going to do a setup video
where I put this cruiser together and
skate it so for now I will show you guys
some other cruiser footage from a recent
where else Wednesday some some tricks
that I did and that is it thank you so
much for watching my video I do daily
videos here on YouTube so if you enjoyed
what you saw click the subscribe button
and I will be back tomorrow with another
video because like I just said I do
daily videos I am or I say things
sometimes alright take it easy guys
until next time here's that Cruiser
footage
oh and while we're doing this Sam's
feeling a day into life yeah which is
why I have his jacket on if you watch
his video you'll understand
we got stupid this look why are you
filming the GoPro I don't know
I can eat a GoPro
you
