oh my gosh I have been waiting in line
to get coffee in a sandwich for like 12
minutes now and I've only gone forward
there were three cars in the line total
when I started this not only I'm only
the second now so I'm gonna do what
every other normal person the world
would do I'm gonna get on their cell
phone and just wait and keep waiting cuz
I need I won't really want coffee
I wanted Mayo the car just got coffee in
fact I think they've handed them like
like three different waves of coffee
this is never gonna end
morning good how are you I'm gonna do a
20 ounce iced English toffee latte says
that car in front of me pulled forward
and got two more waves of coffee so if
there's a shortened Road coffee in
Cincinnati it's that Tahoes fault I am
it's moving day to day and I was like
I'm gonna film a little vlog kinda like
a day in the life but I'm not recording
the whole entire thing so whatever I'm
gonna start my day out by skating and I
forgot my skateboard at the warehouse
we're gonna drive all the way there and
then drive all the way to the spot that
I want to skate and it's really cold
well we're gonna do that okay breakfast
sandwich you are about to be inside of
my face they did not give me egg I asked
for egg they did not give it to me you
know what it is that car in front of you
probably bought all the eggs what a jerk
oh my gosh my hair alright I'm at my
office and I'm about to grab my board
and go but I've been meaning to bring
this up to my office to put in this
little display case for a long time a
little thing about me is that I love
putting together I like building
anything and Legos were like when my
favorite toys as a kid and now as an
adult it's like almost therapeutic to
build LEGO sets so a lot of times I'll
get them it's kind of awesome just like
create something without thinking too
much and so I thought the Ghostbusters
like it was amazing I was okay that'd be
cool in this case right here so kylo Ren
and Captain phasma which Ryden had me
put there is going to go away I think
ridings gonna be okay with this boom it
looks good now I had to clean the glass
because ride and wipe just a toddler
hands all over it but yeah there you go
I think it looks good I'm gonna go
skateboard I'm gonna try to do a half
cab flip manual which I've never landed
before and I'm really bad at manuals I'm
going to a manual pad that's a kind of a
decent ways away but it'll be fun it's
like a really perfect manual pad and I
got my skateboard let's go you are
coming with me let's go it's actually
kind of long running for learning like
I'm really bad at manuals I'm not
kidding but it's low right here so I
feel like that's good for to learn half
cab flip manuals this is not gonna
happen I'm just saying right now but uh
let's try to make it happen
I like want to learn them just to get
better at that because I'm so bad at
them it feels like juggling like
buttered water all right now I'm going
to try to combine those two and it's
really cold and I'm really not talented
and neither of those but I'm gonna try
heads with skateboarding is all about
fighting the suck that sounded really
bad fighting I'm gonna try to limb this
well I almost landed it scraping a
little bit just a tiny bit all right so
my GoPro and phone locked up I don't
know the battery's dying on the GoPro it
might be that but my phone's not
controlling it anymore so I'm done I got
I'm really bad at manuals I told you but
I had a good time still like I still
enjoy rolling away from him but uh I
have such a hard time with it my gosh
I'll definitely on that trick I'm not
really good at filming myself I get
frustrated I'm not as concentrated so
I'll grab a film or some time and land
that trick for you guys but now I'm
gonna go back to my house it is one of
the many moving days in my life right
now so uh let's go let's go see riding
I'm home I got home and apparently my
cat jumped off this balcony onto the
ground and he's okay
bagel bagel did it I'm laughing but it
did he's probably cheese a Pete's he's
acting fine but what a daredevil my gosh
I won't even do that I'm just kidding I
would but I was a cat I wouldn't I would
not actually maybe I would all right so
I just reviewed that footage and I
really wish I woulda landed that I pre
much had it just didn't I mean I hate
filming myself it doesn't I'm like out
of my element almost but I can get it I
had a really hard time I struggled a lot
but that's the beautiful thing about
skateboarding is that you can want to
pull your hair out from being so bad at
a trach but you still enjoy the the bad
time that is not landing a trick
oh you skateboards out there get me but
I'm gonna go hang out right and then we
gotta get over to the old house to get
all the stuff because it's a mess and we
got a lot of more stuff to bring over
the new house what are you building look
at this guy's face we do if I had an
extra head on my shoulder and every time
I said something he was like yeah man I
agree I was like yeah I'm hungry
totally I'm hungry too you would scream
alright there you make a truck smash
into this Oh
it stopped oh can I do that again you
don't need my permission to play with
your toys that's you're in trouble then
you do hmm
you just chop my lightsaber off I feel
like okay I'm done pal let's clean these
up put him in the bed thing put that in
there he's an interesting way of doing
it but he he does clean up thank you for
cleaning that up I love you
Wow so how was it jumping off the
second-story ridin is watching a show
called Harry and his bucket full of
dinosaurs which is the best name for a
show ever heard skyline ride are you
ready to eat do you think black ninja
would like eating here you think you
would do you think you would thank you I
don't think it would he does like you
ah this is the most comfortable booth
have ever sat in my life
this comfy isn't it you gonna put hot
sauce in your mouth yeah you just said
you were going to kill me
right now it's something don't do that
you'd flip out okay Ryan's gonna try
some hot sauce just a little bit a
little drop riding he'll be alright
alright but doesn't your mile in June of
enough Wow
did you like it yeah yeah yeah drink a
drink it was like hmm whoa are you sure
you like it
he's alright it wasn't much you want the
pink one and he's gone he wants the pink
shirt he likes pink he does tired you're
not that's exactly sound like someone
who is tired
so on my car this this VW symbol fell
out of my rim and I saw this laying over
there I realized it fell out on the
driveway and it's been ran over and I
gotta buy a new one and that sucks I got
excited I was like yes there it is and
it smashed here it is it's gonna be
weird not living here anymore
I'm gonna miss this place good times rad
we did a lot of unboxing videos right
here didn't we are you gonna miss it
yeah
ridin this was your room no but thank
you so weird boom okay so we did some
moving now I'm gonna put him down for a
nap but we're gonna read first and then
I'm gonna do computer work right and
housework
March March into the darkness as kylo
Ren's lightsaber click it alright what's
up guys so ridin is sleeping I actually
slept for a second I always do every
single time I lay down I'm like this is
comfortable and I don't sleep enough as
his so I just fall asleep for like 15
minutes but I'm about to do some video
work and then I've got some stuff to eat
around the house something has to stay
with Ryan while he sleeps of course so
I'm doing stuff here while she's doing
another trip to pick up stuff from the
old house oh yeah I'm putting together a
prank montage but I thought about doing
a prank wouldn't that be really funny
I'm also gonna do a best of Brian Eames
coming out of the door shred corners
because we have so many good ones of
those two so that's what I'm doing and
I'm gonna move stuff around the house
and then I'm gonna go see Star Wars with
a bunch of dudes it'll be fun but okay
so yeah this is could be my office um
but it's gonna be a long while because I
got so much stuff going on that I'm not
worried about I'll go just move that box
you see that but I'm not worried about
getting my office together just yet I'm
washing dishes oh yes I am I'm washing
dishes this is my hands got this guy up
from his nap he was pretty zonked and
he's going to watch Harry and the bucket
of dinosaurs you
all right I like it you like it well
I'll put it on for you yeah it is
are you excited that's Harry hey mom's
home I'm gonna go watch Star Wars with
with the guys okay and me and you we'll
go next week I love you all right I'm
off to go eat with a bunch of dudes and
watch Star Wars The Force awakens which
is my third time watching it which
watching Star Wars is like Christmas I'm
so excited right now my gosh let's go do
this
are you filming Daniel life today
why would be holding this Lego if I was
I don't know exactly what's up guys hi
are you you're here that's a miracle so
we're eating and uh this would be good
and I'm not gonna really include you
include YouTube let's turn you to ball
yeah okay so dinners done that we were
about to go see the force awakens we had
some awesome poster I'm about to end
this this is Galaga sewed six and it's
done but I would like to say come on
along congrat I don't like the word flog
but congratulations on half cab flip
manuals I was trying to earlier today
and I did not do it oh really
but I can do it would you like to fill
me some time I spent sure you just fill
me some time I'm sure okay I do that
often but right now let's go watch force
awakens I'm an econ are you to watch
popcorn watch pop pay to watch popcorn
Becca dated dad and watch this meal is
dedicated to black
I can't even say we both can't say it
but this meal is dedicated to black
ninja and then one okay and me
