caution Brian catch this caution Brian
catch this this is not that I just I
couldn't know it's hard that's heavy ah
okay cool we have reached the afterlife
are you ready to talk at the camera
there's a car coming they're gonna watch
us there's a holder camera I just
realize just a bunch of ice next the
rocks there is a bunch of ice next to
the house we should what are we doing
we're doing Brennan we're do a top five
I think yeah we are
were you yeah with me it just got weird
this is my channel but the same time
it's like I mean I should whose is mine
it feels really weird holding the camera
like this more I do it all the time I
don't do it all the time so yeah we are
doing a top five with me this time I've
been doing I'm not my gosh I do not want
to walk on this I do not want to walk
I've done a bunch of people on my
channel and I'm gonna do me finally but
Brian Ames has a list here and uh I'm
gonna tell you my top five I'm gonna
read them and I'm gonna hopefully not
get back to this place top five time
it's top five time we are it's like two
dudes on a rock right now we got we are
close to each other on a rock sucks I'm
like almost touching you oh let's stop
talking about it let's just do this all
right top five top five top five tricks
top five right off the bat right tricks
top five tricks easy uh three flip kick
flip front board back Smith even though
I suck at him I wish I knew how to do
back and I'm gonna go back lipslide you
know what if I actually thought about
that list it would probably change like
I like people front boards
I like three-foot blips but you know
like three flips oh there's no when you
get them they're fun but this thing is
like the basic tricks like it kind of
have to be your top your favorites you
know ya feel good easy fun you know okay
so that's my top five trigger top five
dinosaurs top five dinosaurs dude you're
gonna fun with this one
that's it is amazing and no one's gonna
know I'm talked about you guys don't
know a few of them so Tyrannosaurus Rex
I've heard of that
he's the king he will always be the top
no matter what bigger dinosaur gets
found we should put that on a skateboard
yeah Highness or type dinosaur a
Thainess or we should make that make
that noise sure please it's a tight ass
or the tiniest dinosaur you ever seen
that's a goodness or came up with a
graphic there you go
so that grab okay so tyrannosaurs rex is
king right yes he is a king it wasn't
mean okay so t-rex and then I'm gonna go
with I'm gonna go with Spartan
sir Egypt kiss oh yes thank I
spinosaurus Egypt ACCA's who's this - or
in dress part 3 and then I'm gonna go
with suka - - near misses Oh bitch I'm
probably saying that wrong it was like a
big alligator dude you know he's a lot
like the Spinosaurus actually and then
I'm gonna go with Deinonychus which is
actually because the velociraptors in
Jurassic Park and world and all that
stuff
those Jurassic velociraptors were
actually like a lot smaller than that
those were more like down in I guess so
there are huge horrifying Raptors with
claws and then I gotta get a herbivore
in there so I'm gonna go with
Triceratops he was like he's the dude
he's like the Joey Votto the Joey Votto
you know what you said it earned more
out to like to like hold his own it's
got to be it's got to be a triceratops
or a second source time I hope that
somebody knows who a Botto is in this
somebody this top five here at video
games oh shoot I forgot my skateboard
video games yes video games video games
um earthbound first and foremost keep
spirit - it's my favorite game of all
time but the next one 597 is the best
game of all time these are both in my
top 5s one they're so good dude because
I bound just hold something dear to me
like in my heart so that's my favorite
like I enjoy that the most but finally
has a 7 I just have the utmost respect
for being the best game of all time it
is so good and then I'm gonna go with
Goldeneye 64 I'm gonna go with I could
do like a top 20 in video games and then
I'm gonna go with I'm gonna go to Super
Mario 64 for the memorial that's another
great super good and then I'm gonna do
is elder house the same whoops so I'll
do I'll do a cure rate of time I think I
like Twilight Princess better when I
played through so I got a playthrough
because I played ocarina much times I
know that's amazing
I mean they're all amazing but I'm gonna
say ocarina of time just because I feel
confident that that in my top two at
least of myself was top five favorite
foods again I could do like a top 100
100 I'm not gonna do a top 100 does give
me a long video you horrible like I like
Laffy Taffy I like sour bench is all
candy okay no well I'm just gonna do it
first Mexican food all of it Indian food
most of it and then I'm gonna go with
popcorn corn yeah dude popcorn like I
could read like any popcorn all like
literally all day cuz
fill you up I can literally if there was
popcorn from my face at all times I
would eat it all times that's a random
one or uh I'm gonna go with dude I don't
know and like like cuz what's my
favorite pasta like I just like I like
pasta but it's like all kind of the same
thing it's not yeah but that's boring
there's more it's boring a cheeseburger
okay because cheaper is like this it's
pretty perfect you know like it's always
gonna be there for me and I'm always
gonna be there for it like if you have a
problem cheeseburger I'm here for you I
will take care of you you know what a
sub sandwich the Jersey Mike
specifically which is a good sandwich
dude and then let's could go on a
thousand times I swear top five favorite
skate spots favourite skate spots also
in the whole world I'm gonna go with
first just because this was what I used
to say what all the kid not a kid like
you know like 18 years old this is our
CC is a good spot as a grill a good
double set has a really good out ledge
it's got bigger stuff there it's just a
really good skates by that's in
Riverside California I'm still skated -
yeah we actually skated a couple years
ago I'm gonna go you know back-to-back I
might as well go with Pauly - because
it's Pauly which is also Riverside goes
from like to stare to like ten stare or
you could just work your way up and it's
kind of smooth and rails it's a really
good spot I loved it maybe your first
hand roller no my first hand I was like
a forced air backside 500 all right
that's something okay I'm gonna say
Beechmont Avenue all of it because you
can just skate Beechmont and that's
where I grew up and learned everything
that's how it came to be that should
really be the top my list that's the top
and then let's go with I'm gonna go with
court house even though I don't want to
film there because it's overdone it's
just such it's a safe spot yeah yeah
what else not not this inside kordell's
house the side no um and then I'm gonna
go with cousin well this leg for is a
part cuz I feel like that should be in
there I don't really call it Park
alright well straight quarters even I'm
sorry to have a park on there but it is
if yeah we'll just go with that
yeah I agree top five least favorite
airports can you do that nope this truck
was shut up that's not it really man me
it's a loud truck though we like say the
first one together the airport oh yeah
Chicago I'm sorry O'Hare and all the
planning all these cities I say has
nothing to do with your city you know
but these airports are awful yeah
Chicago that one sucks I'm gonna go with
what is that one near for Vegas your
Vegas yeah Salt Lake City Salt Lake City
up there it's always packed it is always
ridiculous you know what I would Detroit
that was really weird and I looked on
the map and I was like okay I'm right
near the gate and took like 20 minutes
to walk to where I was going now this
it's kind of over but after the first
two I don't really care so much like I
said that's even that's a small thing
I've never been to Atlanta and I think
I'm thankful for that no it's not bad
okay well that's all I've never been
there so huge
I'm gonna go with I think it's Charlotte
that one was kind of weird that one's
always pretty busy and I go to the same
airports I want to know what's it's like
under construction it said yeah LAX but
it's like it's not it's not that bad
it's like the lesser of the evils but
it's definitely yeah it's not that fun
no one can relate to that question at
all not one bit I lost be named what you
name one of their cities they live in
their hands yeah hate you oh yeah but
yeah but I like to sit like I like I
like I like Charlotte's top five
favorite movies this is tough
I'm real hard on first off Star Wars
Empire Strikes Back is the greatest
movie of all time but in general just
say Star Wars four through seven I'm not
a huge you're dumb I'm not a huge fan of
the prequels but I'm not one of those
people that I hate oh my god I hate my
life because they came out like they're
not as good clearly and it's just but I
don't like you know I can just watch the
ones I like so number two I'm gonna go
with Jurassic series the whole thing
yeah you want drastic park and drastic
world specifically like the Antony I
mean even two and three they have
dinosaurs in them so they're not bad
they're great
you know finding fact good you could be
a bad movie and you just flirt with
t-rex oh that's the last image of the
movie not bad that wasn't that bad I
know like like open water do you rember
that one movie of all time but if ever
thrown a t-rex just pop out last thing I
was like I did not see that coming that
was amazing
I'm gonna go with uh I'm gonna go with a
V for Vendetta
great movie what that's a random one
that's a great movie that's fine yeah
this is tough but what am i three into
it now he'll be with Star Trek's I love
Star Trek's I put those on there you go
Star Trek in general but more like yeah
there's tons of magic I'll just a
starting a general
dude I see I'm gonna I'm gonna miss so
many I know these are hard I'm gonna go
really random and I'm gonna say the born
serious Jason Bourne he rules hold open
see the Marvel Cinematic Universe the
Marvel Cinematic Universe is my fifth
one let's just get out of venom I can't
do it let's get past this question top
five top five favorite bands bands
that's the tough one too uh so coheed
and cambria rise against AFI this is
where it gets hard it's hard all of them
I'm just gonna say what comes might
strung-out came out to mine in my head
right away and then Jimmy Eat World
which is super they're like I don't know
there's something you know what I
usually don't like bands like their
style but Jimmy rule has always been
really good like they actually do it
right I feel like all the other like
which wouldn't classify his emo back in
the day mm-hmm I feel like Jimmy world
was actually like singing about things
they meant rather than just whining
about girls so I like either le Jimmy
rule valid question Delta answers yeah
well I could it's tough I probably miss
my favorite one o codeine I got that on
there I wish you would've missed that
they would have been amazing about him
is cocaine Kevin so it'd have been just
have been it would have been it would
have been a nude bit it would have been
good have been top five favorite cities
cities oh it's easy
okay I'm gonna go with a skate or engine
question because that's kind of how I've
used to so I'm gonna go with
Philadelphia oh that's my favorite skate
city when you go with Vegas that's a
that's been my my like my current
favorite I go there next but yeah we're
going there next week is gonna be
awesome it's a really good skate city
I'm gonna go with San Diego said he was
beautiful and I'm not gonna pick
Cincinnati of course I live here like
that's clearly like where I want to live
that's my favorite um but not for
skating so what we got we got Philly
Vegas San Diego I guess LA like it's a
zone it's it going we either have like
the best time ever or it's just like I'm
in LA again but I'll go with LA cuz
there's some really good times there
your name my favorite city to skate in
New York well mute Walt okay
I'm skating New York for it's been free
container I get every San Francisco's my
favorite game city I guess we I like the
bay but I like San Francisco oh yeah so
but I don't know it's a presenter comes
with a set of headaches for me okay I
guess that I would pick that though all
right like I don't
I always your thought use your top five
you're nothing else is sticking out in
my head alright he's he's sitting on my
foot and is about to fall off top five
favorite books as you sit down books
that's tough I said okay Harry Potter
series first
best story ever told salad days that
good boy yeah that did a lot for me when
I was younger
I'm gonna go with that's by Charles Rama
Lodi if you guys it's old you might not
be able to find that online yeah you
probably Oh you probably got funny
you should go find that book and read it
but it's so um I'm gonna go with Snow
Crash I think it's by Neil never even
heard of this Stevenson really good they
should go movie mmm
Jurassic Park the book and we go with
the other one is that for and I'll go
with you know what is as cookie cutter
as he is he always pumps out books I
really like James Patterson's stuff so
I'll go with like at the Alex Cross
series in general because it's just
super easy to like pick up read and
enjoy and read any of this they're like
they're like mass-produced books at
Kroger's I think but like he's super
successful like they weren't popular I
like Frank Jake's a lot red wall so we
read one of those I bet no one that read
like so good yeah top five favorite
roller coasters roller coach doesn't
good one okay beast first and foremost
the best roller coaster on the planet
the greatest one then I'm gonna go with
opt Thrill Dragster and see your point
the rest might be in Cedar Point
honestly and then we go to the
Millennium Force in Cedar Point actually
you know what I'm gonna go with the son
of Beast because that was the only
person that was like that could ride
that and be like you know what that was
cool it beat me up but I liked it I did
you write it in its original form oh
yeah of course
it destroyed you but it was fun yeah
yeah um than that for a news for I will
go with I go to maverick
I think the Maverick in Cedar Point I've
ever been to the point I really need to
go there we go the right now alright
let's go we should I do like a ski trip
it's alright that's it that's top five
alright there you guys go
yeah I hope you guys dug that I don't
know who I'm gonna do next actually I
think I'm gonna do Christian next I'm in
Hawaii with them soon and I'm gonna do
Christian next so uh stay tuned I do
daily videos thank you guys for watching
and I'll be back tomorrow I think I'm
doing a vlog is so tomorrow so watch out
for then get off my rock I got a nose my
rock I was here first
fine that's fine you can have this rock
you think you have a jump on to this
I'll sink or see my dog or I'll slip you
think I'll slip if possible well here
you film it I think I'm gonna I think
I'm gonna sing why did it sink a little
bit of both I got a headache
how does make sense isn't it it oh yeah
you
