you can do this you got it you got it
you got it
whereabouts Wednesday jeez that was hard
I destroyed him I know it took a while
Thomas today's gonna be different what
is your dream Thomas your skateboarding
dream to always be happy that's good as
well come on you say if every other
skateboarder would say to go pro and you
got to say something that like hits your
hearts I think you'll cry my eye okay so
that's that's a good answer but you want
to go pro right everyone's go pro sure
you don't want to okay well then Bryan
tell me what you gonna do so what you're
doing is your skate it is grueling to be
pro your twenty minutes and Andy's gonna
coach you how to do you treat your
tricks card tricks hard tricks okay
forever tricky Wayne to get five bucks
they're not gonna be hard make sure you
don't land oh we get to throw tennis
balls you your face your face your head
that's fun
all right sounds good you ready yeah
let's do it how was your soul in that
whole situation
yeah it just killed your souls done it
falls dead all right you're gonna do the
best thing you did it like right next to
what happened yeah you're gonna be the
Taysom leo
I'm getting p.m. skate three yes that's
me and the best thing about this is that
I'm gonna be coaching you to do tricks I
don't even know how to do
Oh wonderful but I'm gonna be mean man
don't listen to the words I say cuz it's
not gonna be me talking well it's my
inner skate coach all right
whoa do that again this is your warm-up
trick okay that's fine it's fun don't
warm up trick already are you loud no I
made them knew it was awesome that's
good oh you feel where I'm at coaching
and Brandon's gonna be Brian names I
have a lot of energy all right first
thing you need to be a versatile
skateboarder Thomas okay when you go
home you want to put the trick on the
refrigerator magnet trick boom nug apply
to boardslide
that's your first strip search and
starting now you're putting this five
minutes he's pretty angry he was like
you know it could be so serious like
who's like wait for 30 seconds
at least you're on the board
next up sliding the whole way deep
progress Thomas get it together do I
need to give you another beanie d need
more head to your head terrible but it
was almost it it didn't actually that
that bad he was like prancing on the
board
he's like tiptoeing that was a hand roll
you in a sack do you want that on your
conscience I do care you should care too
it's been two and a half minutes two and
a half minutes Thomas you have seventeen
and a half minutes left which is a long
time you look like a dolphin racing a
merry-go-round if you do not land this
right here I'm going to take your mom on
a date
I'm not going to it all I'm married it's
a nice thought it's gym class and I'm
picking you last I got nothing to say to
this guy nice that was progress I want
to see it moving forward every time
trying to go back to the back
Omar Catholic arts calling and he said
he can land it because he's Pro this
rate he's gonna land for tricks maybe a
quarter becomes Mon it's been five
minutes it doesn't be the main trick and
the next we're gonna be like overly
supportive I swear let's just face it I
don't know how to coach I do not insult
pretty much I don't even know me but you
have not said one word that's helping
him to get this done okay I'm gonna do
it this way I'm gonna help encourage the
young normal people don't slide like
this
okay they slide like this so they
actually both feet on slide that way
roll away to your victory there's a pile
of gold over there okay and Aladdin is
calling claiming it and this is the one
you're gonna do Tommy now just stop
coach because this is really hard when
he he's not landing you'd be like next
trick that's what a good coach a day
he's pulling out my pull him out of the
game and star player start skateboarder
that was it hey I want to see more fast
okay look I want to see more $5 $5 bill
is yours for tennis balls come on your
head though if you don't land more
tricks okay so nollie bigspin late flip
you can do those on what got a big spin
late double flip off the ramp let's go
spenders because your pants Anita I
bricks there but that took him nine and
a half minutes he's got like half his
time with about halfway done you got
five bucks so Thomas that's good a lot
of rebel spies died getting these death
star plans okay you need to land this
trick Freddie I understand that then
okay right here don't even waste time
you're going to go back there commit
first try don't waste time we've got
this in the bag
you got about a million minutes left
okay you trick me talk four mil all
right for a million what
not a bad first attempt okay
I just called Jenny Craig just tell me
I'm proud of you good thank you
Tommy's got 11 minutes left okay don't
let that depress you you've got this I'm
seeing it you're seeing it we're all
seeing it gentlemen
okay Jesus dr. pepper I googled the
future and it was your face on top of a
mountain this is the more positive one I
felt a way to me in the first trick you
got it dude hey guys well let's Google
girlfriend oh it's surprise Thomas is
about to have one that's what it says
not as good I'm gonna be honest with you
but I have high hopes that you could do
this okay eight minutes exactly eight
minutes left okay
gotten plenty of field goals in us that
was triple B help to believers so it
still count out of the goalposts you can
just slow your breathing down a little
bit your your body's doing the right
thing slow it down
staring what you're doing roll away okay
there's a pile of diamonds over there
all right
my daddy's a coach and the gap wants you
in a commercial
brought that we're at the last yard line
oh don't let it stop you don't you talk
to me keep going to keep trying we've
got this he's got 5 minutes and 26
seconds
jeez if you thought that was going to
count don't keep thinking but you do
have it you do have this whoa I don't
care what I'll and this guy this is what
we're gonna do when you roll away from
this okay all right and we're gonna do
it we're doing it we are called he
wanted me redeem and so we believe in
you we want to see it there's no other
man for the job other than you you got
two minutes to do it like you got two
minutes to do your second trick we're
gonna do this okay
trick to done okay second trick we're
gonna keep it we're gonna keep them in
and run half cab boardslide sex-change
270 out okay Kim going to heartbeat
heartbeat heartbeat come on one David
mentioned Gatorade you got I ever had a
kept hose that was talking to me the way
I'm gone I would punch them I would
punch myself right in the face I'm sorry
to everybody had YouTube right now
Oh second try you have this you say all
shucks yeah that's why Thomas is amazing
I am gonna run out of fingers Thomas
third try
that was progress though okay progress
is new I didn't give him five bucks for
his last trade right like this
in his foot drop no he did it he did it
okay good we're good hey I am five for
the last time and then five for now
fourth trick we got 140 seconds we have
37 seconds all right
positive we're gonna give them a walking
period time Thomas as professionals you
had to make your decision sometime I'm
gonna respect you as professional I'm
gonna let you decide what you want to do
when stairs no comply right here first
try that's not the one I would pick but
I want to if you do it first try I will
give you $5 because that's how much is
worth wait for the good pitch go not a
good pitch right here switch front
shovel a flip-out what you've done he's
done like this took a little red right
here you have this is no comply spot
know what I like to think that he's the
only person that said I have a no comply
spot and talked about a part of his body
is probably not that last trick he we're
going easy on Thomas when we shouldn't
because this is the whole like pro is
grueling but he's got one try to do a
nosegrind big spin he's at 12 seconds to
do it say you might be out in two tries
that was kind of my book your video part
just ended
he's got three he's got three seconds no
one
I'll see if he does it Thomas you
getting a tennis ball to the head get
against the wall
Tommy 555 Novak cuz you did laying the
know comply
so you made 20 bucks that's pretty good
and it was the dude you put up with a
lot with me yelling yeah I was annoying
and I'm sorry this guy I all the mean
things I said I love this dude I didn't
mean I'm he's a good guy but he's gonna
get hit in the head with a tennis ball
that's fine I dig it I was waiting for
so go get the ball what so good until he
hits you all in the head oh I didn't
count that like did your hair look mr.
Harib oh how did it hurt hit me right in
the neck that's way worse than the head
you took it though that's good man
that's good congratulations we'll do
another journey to Pro warehouse
Wednesday with you some that was so much
worse who's gonna catch
pretty good I was good for once I didn't
completely fail no you did pretty good I
mean for tricks he didn't good tricks
and you dealt with me I was I'm not a
coach let's just for that other you
teach me I could calmly tell someone how
to do something but I was just yelling
at you it was really bad
did you want did you want to punch me I
mean if I was the person who the church
I would have punched you
