this is unboxing part you two why do you
say it with your eyebrows like that me
hands I won't do so okay you are a hawk
look at him yeah okay come here come
here get away but yes we got a couple
boxes in recently and we haven't done an
unboxing video in a while and a Ryden
wants to do it next to his kitchen right
and your tool box or your tool bench
okay so we got a box up from anchor
which they've been sending me so much
stuff lately thank you so much anchor
and then we have a box from our friend
but what's his last name um baby cable
JP Coover's yes so I'm gonna open up
anchor first hi you burped well then we
can't do this with you anymore oh we
can't alright nevermind we'll keep going
okay so I'm gonna open up maker first I
don't know what they sent me it might
just be another charger and if it is I'm
just gonna give it away to you guys
because they've been sending me stuff to
get out lately and I like to get back
but it's something I like I'm totally
keeping it you're ripping it open you if
you're the Hulk you can rip that open
here put your foot oh wow you did it you
totally just open that I'm impressed
what is it bro oh it's the Astro East 7
external battery which means Ryan's
gonna eat it don't eat batteries okay
the Hulk doesn't eat better no he does
not but this is an awesome battery you
can get so many charges on your cell
phone just from one charge on this if
you want a chance to win this first of
all you got to be subscribed to my
channel to the subscribe button
but then head over to anchors Instagram
I think it's a tanker official it's
right down there in the info and then
just leave a comment on their most
recent picture that says riding is the
Hulk are you the Hulk
okay and so yeah leave a comment on
their on their most recent picture
riding as a Hulk and boom you're entered
I'll pick a winner and announced on
Instagram
early next week if you're younger than
18 make sure your parents are entering
this and you can win anywhere in the
world
but good luck with that this was a
totally unplanned giveaway and the
anchors could be very confused because
they had no idea this was happening
especially to get those comments are you
ready to open JC's box oh my gosh here
blood dad's keys open everything right
ready all right now you can whole kripp
say home open huh whoa you got a shirt
what did you get hold up hold up I got
man hold it up you can't see it apart
man it's skateboarding monsters what do
you say to JP Thank You JP Wow he loves
it he's hugging a shirt yeah oh yeah
here was over that's right oh look at
that he's gonna bear I got another one
you already have that shirt don't you
yeah give me this one because you
thought you'd like it and it's awesome
look at that Bears face I already got
this one I know you do but you but you
should be thankful now you have to so
when one's dirty you can wear that one
what do you say baby oh I was nice all
right we got more in here does he fit
this many oh my gosh what is that
a t-rex on your shirt no wait wait wait
wait wait wait let hold that up let's
see what it looks like on you hold it up
as if you're wearing it that is gonna
look awesome
do you love T Rexes oh you yeah I love I
definitely loved t-rex's alright let's
keep going hmm you got a sweatshirt it
says mom's a superhero are you mom's
superhero that's pretty awesome you
definitely need sweatshirts oh then what
did he do
he sent you a note he says yo dude hope
you and ride in detour simp sent me a
note hope you and ridin dig the new gear
looking forward to working on some new
revive and for stuff and getting
pancake nope that's actually that's some
secret stuff right there I'm not I'm not
gonna say the rest of this but JP you
were the best thank you so much for
these shirts and simple routines if if
you follow JP on instagram which is Dame
is just JP Cooper he like posts these
comics that he does and he has a website
for it's probably simple routines that
calm but I'm not don't quote me on that
right now um they're really cool they're
little comics based on his life and
they're very very awesome and don't bend
it don't bend it look at that - is that
you never that is hmm Wow I'm super
impressed that you knew that writing
doesn't know much about Zelda at all
that was awesome buddy you knew Riggins
and you're still eating the battery
look at those shirts yes and thank you
anchor you guys rule
super super psyched I didn't know I was
getting either these packages so thank
you anchor JP also JB's one of my
favorite dudes in the whole world so
thank you guys
means the lot and way back with more
stuff we do daily I do daily videos here
so I just described but if you want to
see more and
you know ridin up change your mind I
think I'm gonna eat the battery instead
of you
all right fine here's your's go get a
fork hey use a fork to eat a battery
I ate it already fYI it's not good to
eat batteries so don't ever do that Ivan
took that woman out that it why's it
right here because yeah
you
