this is a bit rocky
boom that was footage from Eric pork I'm
sure you recognize all those dudes
they're the greatest skateboarders on
earth I swear Eric's always hanging out
with these guys and filming them and
he's also a terrific skateboarder
himself he's really good if he does
videos all the time on his youtube
channel and actually right now he's
giving away a revived deck if you want
to get involved with some free gear he's
gonna be giving a lot of stuff away on
his channel I'm click that bottom link
he has amazing content clearly and he's
a good dude and you could win some free
gear so you're gonna want to hit that
bottom links to subscribe to his channel
I do daily videos here myself is click
the toppling for me but mainly check out
Eric and go enter his contest for that
revived deck but I would go I'm gonna
clean my house which is ha which is
boring yeah this sucks goodbye
