YouTube what is up guys a little quick
update video and to tell you about a
contest that I'm doing on my Instagram
to win summer Fivefinger Moore's first
I'm gonna update you about the the
revive fingerboard situation I
personally have not found them in source
I know about a month ago tech deck like
on their Instagram announced like hey
these are out amongst the other lines
that are coming out with through Tech
Deck but I haven't seen them personally
I don't know if they just hit the
shelves and like they just go fast
but I know that at the beginning of the
year like the stores that they're
carrying Target Walmart and Toys R Us
they're gonna be like restocking all of
their stuff because they just sold
everything for the holidays so with the
next week or two I'm sure they'll be
restocked on tech decks and all things
in their store so just keep a lookout if
you haven't be able to find one and tag
me on instagram if you find it because I
want to see it I want to see it on the
store shelf but you know it'll happen
but right now you can get a chance to
win one yourself
last week or last weekend I said that I
was to be doing a giveaway myself at
Andy's Rock which is right down there
it's my Instagram and then also revived
skateboards want to push revived
skateboards giveaway until next week and
then this week you can win some on my
Instagram I'll be out giveaway - I'm
gonna be giving away a brand new Johnny
and then a brand new Erin Cara which
this is gonna be a long time imports out
I don't even know if I'm allowed to give
this away but I'm doing it and yeah if I
had more of these I would give away more
and once they start hitting shelves I'll
sure I'll be able to get more and I can
give away more here on my channel but
right now those are gonna be giving away
on my Instagram so go check it out there
will be a picture telling you how to
enter as long as if you're 18 or younger
just make sure your parents know you're
entering and then you could win a
worldwide I will ship this as long as
you have an address that's it
I just wanted to update you guys about
that and then a video is coming soon
tomorrow I have a like a compilation
2017 compilation of me skating and then
I have a really fun vlog of sewed with
some snow skating on Saturday and then a
game of skate against John Hill which is
not going to go well there's a little
twist that gives me a slight advantage
but I'm like I've maybe gotten one
letter against John in a game of skate
so we'll see wish me luck
but that's it guys revival tactics
keep checking the stores and let me know
if you have you find them and if you
want to win some go to my Instagram at
Andy's rock it's right in the info
that's it Brian you want to say I'm
putting your hit Brian's face on a stick
was like the best thing I ever could've
done it's like a stick it's just like a
skeleton hand that was Ryan Chambers
idea I'm gonna be honest but yeah you
guys should make one to make everyone
everyone needs a bride aims in their
life I'm done oh my god some done
