YouTube what's up guys so I'm finally
doing my winter setup I'm sorry it took
so long the month of December has been
pretty much a disaster for me I had a
tooth pulled which kept me off my board
for a couple weeks and then I've been
sick and I've been working 90 hours a
week with the company and YouTube also
and on top of all of that and the
Christmas craziness I have been moving
into a new house so it's been a
ridiculous time in my life but finally
putting it together
I did a video where you guys got to help
me pick my skateboard and skateboard
your picks was this the cat life I'm
gonna be honest I wasn't gonna pick this
deck if it was up to me I kind of wanted
you the good life
I like the red black and white color
scheme but this is an awesome deck JP
Coover's made this you know cat sleeps
entire life and then he dies
but it's happy life because cats love it
so then skating this one I got some am
grip grip tape and the printers out of
ink so I couldn't I was gonna do the
force awakens movie poster like behind
this because the force awakens was
phenomenal my gosh
but it was out of ink so I had to do a
revived foil so if you ever wanna do an
easy way out on a grip tape cut out foil
stickers look really good I have my
Orion
I just dropped that freaking alright
it's gone it's gone forever okay so my
bearing spacer if you dropped anything
into this carpet that's in my office it
just sucks it up and is gone forever so
I just lost a pair of spacer buddy I'm
skating my Orion trucks I've been
skating for a little while they've
they're perfect they're broken in they
feel good and they're not breaking in
any sense so I'm gonna keep skating
these I have these which is Jason Parks
pro bono I really want to do Douga sells
pizza graphic with the good life but as
you guys pick the cat life I'm gonna
have to go with Jason Park wheels which
is really cool he designed these himself
as a cat playing with yarn and the yarn
spills out his name he designed it JP
Cooper Druids it's gonna look good I'm
gonna be skating a very cat deck and
then I have some coarse hardware I
thought since there's a lot of white on
the board the white bolts to tell you
where your nose is on the board really
easy I thought the forest hardware would
make that look good so and then I have
some synopsis blu-rays I've never
skating these I'm always skating the
Swiss um and I don't have a pair of
Swiss lying around so like you know what
I'm gonna skip the blu-rays a big
synopsis so psyched I'm gonna put this
together and I'm gonna tell you random
stories as I do it and then I'm gonna do
some skateboarding on this board that's
it let's begin this one time Friday's
surprises this summer online we are
talking about like babies crying or
something and I don't know how the
conversation got there but Bryan
worth the words that I think crying as a
form of English oh yeah Asian babies
don't cry you know over in Asia don't
cry pretty funny I immediately went to
the computer into the status update
quoting man who could holes in my group
tape one time when I was like three
years old you know the candy bars when
your check it out in the grocery store I
thought they were just giving those away
so I somehow grabbed a candy bar and
just started chomping away at like I
open it myself and my dad like was we
were excellent or like where'd you get
that and I was like they were just
giving away back there he was like no
they weren't and he made me go pay for
totally made me do that
now you know I know not to steal candy
bars it was a life lesson thank you Dad
speaking about my dad day I landed my
first switch 360 my dad was sitting
there watching me trying to land it and
he went in the garage for a second to do
something I don't I was out in front of
my house and I landed it I nailed it I
came back he came back it's like yeah I
did and I did a switch 360 they didn't
believe me he was like that you didn't
he was probably messing with me because
my dad's not the type of dude to like
shoot me down like that
what is pretty funny I don't know like
dude come on I couldn't let another one
course also when I was about three or
four years old my friend's cat had
kittens and I really wanted one so later
that day
without the back of my house I concocted
a plan to get on my tricycle and just
trying to make way to his house is like
I even know where his house was like I
probably thought I did but just
tricycling down the middle of a fifty
mile an hour road my dad's friend saw me
and he stopped me and he was like Andy
I'm gonna take him home so he did and
then I got in trouble for trying to
tricycle my way across town hey she's
right oh my gosh go on the freakin bull
I'm gonna punch you in the face nut at
one time went through a whole semester
on class in high school that's half of a
year and at the end of the semester I
went up to get a paper and my teacher
was like what's your name I was like
really I've been here for six months and
you don't know my name a plus for that
guy
when I was like eight at a carnival I
paid with a twenty to play $1.00 game
and the guy gave me ten back instead of
one so gave me a ten to five three ones
and another ten and I took it a frickin
ways inspected I was like heck II I got
more games play nowadays you know I'd be
like hey dude you gave me the wrong
money back you dummy I'd be a good dude
about it but then I was like you know
what screw it I'm spending this money
I'm gonna go win some stuffed animals so
here I'm coming clean this is the first
time I confessed about it go better by
myself in high school I was stretching
in the middle of them all I don't know
why I was stretching in the wall but I
wasn't harming anybody and security
kicked me out it's probably because it
has a skateboard now stretching you know
you can't have both of those at the same
time but he was like you guys got to
leave and only four what was stretching
since then that mall has going on the
business so there you go security guards
maybe out of all somebody or no maybe
it's still be in business
maybe be flourishing they need a no
stretching all outside people just kind
of hate escape work back in the early
2000 why are deer so afraid of humans we
were pens deer I've never put it here in
my life they're all over here yet I've
never had one coems like you know what
I'm just gonna hang out with you cats
random cats do it all the time cats want
to be your best friend they kind of just
want to mooch you for your house they
want to come in and eat your food but
dear no they don't want to do schmucky
raccoons are cool though raccoons are
like come up to you and be your best
friend sometimes tears you suck dear
whatever
dear sucker okay I don't hate
understand I'm one time to play video
games all day I plan to find a fancy 10
- and I was trying 200% it and I had a
day off and I woke up and I sat on my
couch to play video games all day I only
got up to go the bathroom or eat and
then I just turned this system off at
night and went to bed yeah and I should
have felt lazy about the whole thing but
like I kind of at least I get to say
like I put in games all day one day boom
okay so there is there's my skateboard
it's set up good to go I'm gonna go put
some stickers on this and then I'm going
to do a kickflip test but I know I'm a
filmer so I'm not gonna film bunch of
footage on this today but within the
next few days I'll have someone filming
and you'll see that footage right now so
I said oh I have to tell you but that's
why I'm wearing different clothes let's
go sticker this up and capable oh yeah
and I'm skating some new s Swift's these
are amazing shoes these are my favorite
sketches right now and they're actually
kind of hard to get like s sold out of
these are pretty sure so if you could
find these in the skate shop definitely
grab a pair I love them they do the
trick they're great for jumping down
stuff they're great for tech other the
best you have skated in a long time so
boom s Swiss I'm gonna be skating them
all right so I'm gonna rocks and take
over the world stickers s stickers and
Orion stickers let's put it on here so
boom there it is the sticker job didn't
turn out nearly as cool as I thought it
was going to it is just sticker so I
don't really care too much but is get
booked test time and I have new shoes
and new boards so this might not go that
great but uh we shall see literally
right now
come here cuz I did not think I was
going to feel good about that kickflip
alright two days later and Sam Taber is
nice enough to fill me so here's some
tricks on this skateboard that's a
little weird
it was just let me do a good I liked it
you got you felt very hard
ah
there it is thank you guys for picking
out my winter complete skateboard or at
least the deck part there's Jim Taylor
space and I'm done and there's Sam
flirty space and I'm still done
subscribe if you want to see more videos
I do them every day but that's it guys
I'll see you tomorrow
see you are
alright thanks to this guy for filming
he filmed me it was nice of him
here's a channel write down the info oh
yeah I do I don't have a channel but you
can send me coupons for
you
