Wow okay did anything go right there
doug sent me doug sent me Doug hit me up
and he was like I got footage for all
friday i think i get for Doug hit me up
Doug hit me up and he was like Andy I
think I have some footage for a fall
friday i'll send it to you and he sent
me all of those clips and i watched it
now 0k Doug that wasn't that bad of a
fall I mean you kind of like it's like
you know yanked away from like I'm like
a mystery the fisherman will say that a
mystery fisherman yanked him away and is
kind of funny-looking fall but I was
like I'm even up fall friday then I kept
watching and I just realized that this
is a terrible skate session I mean like
they fell like one thing and then you
kicked the cameraman you kicked the
camera right in the face then there's
the kid then there's the kid that tries
to do a good good favor let's call him
Kevin okay we're gonna call this kid
Kevin after the home alone dude Kevin
tries to get Doug's board all right it
did not go well at all I kind of think
he got hit in the face I don't because
the board kind of swings I like to think
it didn't happen because I want Kevin to
have a face I want him to have a perfect
face but he knew another went right
nothing at all went right except Doug
didn't actually get hurt which usually
happens in a fall friday is the only
thing that that probably would have made
sense at all this is Doug getting hurt
I'm glad he didn't I hope Kevin's okay
in the kid falling I definitely had to
play it slow mo I didn't really
understood what was going on because the
Cameron kind of flips out completely
justified do because he probably thinks
Doug's got a kick in but if you play it
in slow mo you can kind of see what's
happening with the kid flying down the
bank not picking up the skateboard
and that is what I saw it look up in the
corner of the frame boom do you see that
let's zoom in Doug's face he's smiling
he's absolutely smiling when that kid is
just falling down the bank what did
Kevin do to doug is the question okay
what did Kevin do I'm just kidding Doug
was probably laugh about something else
or uh I don't know just laughing that he
was slipping here I didn't you know Doug
did nice dude Doug doesn't laugh at
people in pain so but it's kind of funny
i freeze from then I was like look at
Doug face right here it's totally in the
corner to like it's like you have to
like try to notice that but Doug you
didn't fool me buddy I saw that I saw
that smile we gotta give props to Doug
because he didn't quit I mean like he
fell and then he kicked the camera and
then other people were falling because
of him and it's just like he stuck with
it cuz he landed up to the line he put a
little line together that day but he got
through it was a terrible it was a
terrible moment that 3-foot kind of
changed the skate park for a second
there and he did it so props Doug for
having integrity that is what the moral
this video is today actually just I had
no plans of saying that but it might be
who knows I don't know and the funny
thing is is that Doug lands switch three
flips all the time it's kind of weird
that he was missing that switch three
flip like I literally have seen him do
it down like decent sized gaps first try
but either way I'm going to show you the
lion Doug landed and some tricks from
his recent trip to shred quarters he
destroyed this place last time I was
here so here's Doug not ruining the
lives of people the skate park and
landing tricks wonderfully completely
wonderfully Ryan hi
so there you guys go all that was
completely but I'm gonna get some words
on my face here but all joking aside
doug is an awesome dude he did not have
any ill will towards anybody he's my
friend and he's a wonderful human being
and he can lay on the tricks office you
just saw him he's very very very
talented so I hope you guys dug that he
does a lot of content here on youtube so
make sure you click the link in the info
to check him out he rules you will see
more of Doug on my channel of course
because I'm always with the dude I'm
actually about to be with him in two
weeks in vegas and then in February I
think we're gonna be in LA so things are
happening Doug's happening doug is in
our lives Ryan he is yupe I can't hear
Ryan because Ryan's voice does not
actually make noise well there you guys
go hope you dug this video every time i
say that i feel like i'm talking about
Doug's face I hope you enjoyed this
video I hope dug dug this video and if
you want to see more videos like this I
do fall Friday's every couple weeks but
I do videos every single day so hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
for me and I'll be back tomorrow I think
I have a set up video tomorrow where I
set up a skateboard and skate it go
figure but that is it I'm about to put
Ryan chambers in the hot seat are you
willing I'm ok Ryne chambers you are in
the hot seat ok so how would you feel if
a supermodel tried you hug you i would
really give us am Tamara hand massage
any day the week so right now yes
Sam's in here I would absolutely do it
good okay glad to express my joy story
now but what is it she trauma Oh
