ryan gage tight lips on your back you
know which part I'm going to anyway I'm
going to let us start right here I'm
going to film you do this work I don't
know I thinks gonna shatter new
milliamperes pieces yeah beclan no hair
back upright get a little breathing room
I wish I would have hit the freaking
camera you just ate it dude I think you
can you have two more tries to try to
looks like this frigging the first time
in history someone's quarterback I don't
know gosh you got all over the thing you
got all over this thing it sucks it's
like crooked I know it's gonna shatter
into pieces now
he broke it something broke something
crunch I mean it crunch to dig crunch
I'm trying to say guys is that a half
the winners of the anchor giveaway
contest you guys want some we entered to
win some cash on the anchor website the
first winner third prize is Scott
underscore Baker one two three these are
twitter tags so at Scott underscore
Baker one two three congratulations
second place winner is at donovan m58
congratulations and the winner of the
grand prize I think it's a hundred bucks
is at smutty 2400 thank you guys for
entering congratulations to those who
won if you guys want to win more stuff
anchor is actually doing a 12 days of
Christmas giveaway so go to their
Facebook and we write down there on info
and there's like six more days left I
think six more days right yeah six more
days so jump in on it and there's easy
ways to win some gear and then I'll
always be giving away some more
skateboard stuff here so stay tuned but
that's it guys this little heads up
video and I did find out you can't
lipslide a vacuum now everyone's going
to go actually land ellipsoid on a
vacuum and I gotta prove you wrong his
hair is the hair horrible
