and day three Vegas we're here with John
Hill and Douglas tells and Justin
Ellison homie am skater number at this
ditch spot I'm trying a check for my
video part what John and Doug cannot
just drinks meet you guys so we'll see
what happens right right yeah let's walk
across this desert you just got punched
in a row why is there good behind code
here there's like always fine country
that's one here we are
Oh John John oh my gosh how's your your
complexion how is it you tell me uh
hello YouTube decide will never let you
to beside actually that's you don't put
you know put the power of looks on
YouTube Bobby Jon hill he just wrapped
up this Las Vegas I land on my trick
from my video part and I need to get
back to since Annie and tell bry names
oh my god let's go tell Brian
yeah we are here the ditch in Las Vegas
following the king of the hill John Hill
