Oh
Andy what's up dude been not been Andy I
told you you got to go to California so
get a plane ticket they're very into
Danube not big book not dating in the
California okay it's it's here on earth
go there
Yoda what are you talking about oh my
gosh California you get your friends go
to California Dagobah system
really you're gonna go with that one
again you're gonna go back to take a
book want you just say yoga again
oh my gosh why don't you cry cool all
right
well you sit there yeah you enjoy that
I'm leaving I'm gonna go to California
house you what is Andy doing I don't
even care
Alex have some stickers please you go
thank you
you got there buddy
okay boom we're in LA like we said we
were going to be and I'm gonna bet that
Bry names walks out of the airplane and
says hey what a surprise you never
filmed this Airport before something
along those line if he does you owe him
ten bucks right Brian Ames what's up man
yeah we going what do you say nothing
what you gonna say you don't have
anything to say what do you say in this
Airport what'll I say in this Airport I
have to pee like an idiot
no no you don't know him 10 bucks good
job there we go let's go everyone owes
me money
yeah parently you failed so bad let's go
find a way to skateboard we're picking
up Brett Novak hey Jason Park what's up
dude me yeah I like food John Hill what
up dude after some much-needed food we
are going back to Griffith Park which I
believe we were already at this season
but we're going back we're gonna skate
another stop sign here in Los Angeles
there's another one guy with a book guy
with a beard all right welcome to
Griffith Park it's gonna be broken for
like well we don't good a minute we
don't even let her ice here in
California actually need that you should
actually go all right we're back
Griffith Park in the shade and the
shadows is going to be messy but a combo
combo intro trick combo and show trick
fist smells a pre-emptive fist let's do
this hey Jason crash bandicoot Ninja
Gaiden toejam and Earl primal rage
street fighter 2 turbo World Tour
Streets of Rage ha ha
hook on NES that's it that is it go to
Blockbuster rent it you can't doesn't
exist
I'm down
to
Brian missed the shot day to Taco Time
Taco Time it's like 10 o'clock and we're
getting tacos boom boom
yeah there's no I might seem weird to
you but it's not it's actually the
correct thing that we should be doing my
tacos are good you know I am a fan of
Taylor Swift we're here is that the
coffee of them this morning huh that is
like two hours old most delicious don't
smoke cigarettes
so we're I let me know what the name of
school is but this is going to be the
heaviest Crow skateboarding of all time
there's a lot of people here today it's
gonna be a good time here's Eric Gorge
I'm not filming me okay look at this guy
yeah how many people do you think are
here in them 45 we're just going to
start skateboarding and whoever skates
in front of you is who is here it's like
40 people a lot it's too many
that's Purvis
three
whoa
what this is a huge grill this is so
much that we're doing a photo you are
propping a camera up with the camera is
it yes
promise to commuter okay take another
step here yeah
monkeys do make sure I'm gonna cry for
rains today I'm gonna cry too but that
was a pretty epic session I mean it so
seriously Mikey Taylor beeble Causton
was there I don't know if we like ninja
I'm gonna punch you ninja no but it was
an awesome session so thanks to Eric
port Bayou Taylor and everybody else who
came out and skated with our massive
crew as it is that's it it was fun is
that we're done with this episode we're
done
now we're not it's broke that was a
weird laugh but we have one more day
here in LA we're gonna we're gonna
skateboard if it doesn't rain good
coffee I'm gonna drink coffee I'm gonna
punch coffee
we do all have feet why oh you are oh
that one's better look at it no sir
here we are at this ledge right here on
a gross cloudy day John Hill let's do
this whoo first try
first try
Oh
so what happens at the end of we are
amended as we just find big gaps and
then find someone to do them and John
Hill is that dude right let's up to
regular double said he's going to trick
this is about to be not safe yeah what
young voters even in 1l I feel like this
is pretty safe too much cheese for a
good statement
going oh my gosh move get out of here he
just tried to switch heelflip for the
first trick I don't you know you could
also ollie it oh my gosh so you got this
pre-emptive rock this is a mission
congratulations children my friend
thanks for coming
yeah you're welcome Pete thanks for
doing it twice oh yeah I'm not all Union
I know I need all you need you wrap this
up you're looking that way and he's
right here
we're done here oh my god
you
did you just go through there dude I
didn't see it at all congratulations
