what's up guys that footage was from
Austin Urlacher he has a channel here on
YouTube that features Arizona
skateboarders which is an awesome thing
because there's something in the air in
Arizona they're just like there's just
so many crazy skateboarders out there I
mean you saw the guys killing this skate
park if you want to see more from Austin
click that bottom link and go to his
channel and check it out I do daily
videos here myself so click the top link
for me but mainly check out Austin I
hope you guys are having a grand holiday
weekend and if you're not I don't know
turn it around somehow we're down load
words for friends again and try to beat
your aunt I think you can beat her this
time I seriously thing you can you
should do that cheer up
check out Austin goodbye
