Christmas not Halloween case is an 8
year house Wednesday
yeah we're house wasn't we're gonna ride
cruisers today we we have we have Alex
we have Sam and then we have he's gone
we have Jack Skellington over here we
got me it's just a big fun Christmas
cruising session so these guys I've been
here forever so it's kind of cool whole
year he said the stairs weren't even
flat ground you are very late for work
but we did this last year Brian we know
it's a cruiser and a Christmas also
stops with and cruisers starts with
that's why it makes sense right
Christmas cruising - you're fired
ok throw it up Casey will you go get
that people are gonna think you really
got punched and then randomly Josh Katz
gets here that is a small board that's
no small cruisers are there like six
inches wide it's a 6.5 it's just six and
a half inch it's a small deck in my
point and we're gonna make the best out
of it Christmas cruising -
there you guys go
Merry Christmas Happy Hanukkah whatever
you celebrate I don't care what the name
of it is enjoy of the the end of the
year guys
it's been good we'll see you next week
with our warehouse Wednesday and whoa
you trying to sneak up on you did either
way I do a daily video so I'll see you
tomorrow Alex hit me on the box right
there not me the bid that thing try it
again try it again
come on didn't hit me at all but each I
felt the cameras pain America's was guys
the two people that celebrate Kwanzaa
out there gonna be really bummed yeah
they're they they love you that much
more for pointing out there for you guys
Kwanzaa the Kings I'm done Oh some
things never change
