YouTube what is up guys so I have right
here the Verizon Droid turbo - it's an
amazing smartphone I can customize this
thing over 1000 different ways it's got
all the features you need in a
smartphone but the thing that they're
claiming about this is that is a
shatterproof screen I'm gonna start by
punching it how that hurt okay I just
punched it it did not shatter I'm gonna
put it to the test though skateboarding
is tough on cellphones a lot of people
skate with their cell phone in their
pocket I don't advise that but if you
did you have a good chance of you're
going to break the screen on your cell
phone so I'm gonna put this to the test
today I'm gonna fall on purpose with
this cell phone in my pocket and see if
it survives some tumbles if you make
okay let's do this
cellphones okay but my knee is not I
smashed I tried to throw my leg into the
ground and I think I did it my knee also
hit the ground and it hurt
that was a good fall for that stupid it
was a stupid fall either way we're gonna
keep going gosh got something in my
eyeball all right I'm gonna try to be on
the phone in this one I've never done it
let's see how that works like a skates
straight feet straight I smashed the
phone on the ground you can get them in
the shot did you see it alright so Ryan
jammers didn't notice that the crowd of
people walking by wasn't in the shot at
all but fall still there okay they
didn't care like just like every other
time they did not care that I fell on my
skateboard
I got that to the ground pretty good
that time phone is a-ok
best thing about this is that you really
notice how people don't care if there's
someone falling in public didn't hurt I
know I could have been hurt it's
Christmas time - everyone's like you
know what not worry about it go buy some
salami instead in the pocket again
through the pocket watch our backs idly
I think
you
so I had this in my pocket and it
whipped around and smashed through my
back in the ground and it hurt a lot
you would think someone be like you're
right I don't that's all it takes is are
you okay yeah no but I would make this a
choice there's nobody here with a phone
hey the phone's okay sings on it
literally is undestructible I'm gonna
shoot it with a rocket I don't have a
rocket I don't one
all right well they were right it did
not shatter that was pretty good because
I did not go light on this at all like I
was smashing the phone into the ground I
kind of especially the ones that weren't
in my pocket I wanted to make sure that
it hit the ground and it did I mean look
I'm gonna drop it right here it's good
it did not shatter and that was directly
on to it did you get that I got it and
again we'll do it over time this is
another shatter and drop drop drop test
and nothing it is completely good buuuut
I just took a picture that Jeep accident
but no it's it's completely good yeah
it's perfect edition so you guys go if
you want one of these there's a link
right down the info and I do daily
videos here so hit subscribe button but
I'm gonna go and exit with Casey's face
because everyone likes Casey's face take
it away Katie space I'm leaving
world's first shatterproof screen its
gotcha Covered
you
