YouTube what's up guys so uh it's
giveaway time okay I told you I was
gonna do a giveaway with anchor stuff
this week and I am and it's really cool
because you're basically getting cash
you're getting a chance to win cash to
spend on anything you want on the anchor
store on their site they have a lot of
cool things I guarantee you'll be
psyched at the very least this is a good
way to get some late Christmas presents
for people for friends and families so
get hype first off I'm gonna say that
last week when I gave away that hoodie
where did I get that away where the
where do they give that away Facebook I
gave away on Facebook so yeah it's right
here look almost Walker from all of us
see it's a one-of-a-kind revive hoodie
there's literally only one of those
exists in the entire world the winner of
that was Matias alejandro way he wanted
for sharing my kylo Ren video so if that
is you check your facebook inbox you
might have to switch over to the other
thing and your facebook inbox but um
check that I have a message from you hit
me back with your address and I will
send you the video plus some stickers
but how you're gonna win the cash to
spend on anchor gear is you're gonna go
over to Twitter if you do not have a
Twitter don't worry you know somebody
who has a Twitter just ask your friends
or family like hey can I enter this
contest on your site or on your Twitter
whatever I'm talking about so you're
gonna follow at ankor official it's
right on the screen right here and write
down the info follow them and then we
tap them say I'm entering Andy's
giveaway yo say that I'm entering Andy's
giveaway yo and then you'll
automatically be entered to win first
prize is $100 on the anchor store second
prize is $75 and then third prize is $50
which either even third prize that rocks
50 bucks like they have a lot of cool
gadgets a million different ways to
charge your stuff real stuff that's just
really really convenient so I completely
back anchor and I love the company I'm
really psyched to be working with them
on various different things definitely
answer this guy's just head over to
Twitter and follow them and tweet at
them I'm entering Andy's giveaway yo and
you are entered to win some cash on the
anchor store so uh you're under than 18
make sure your parents that you're
entering this of course and then you can
win anywhere in the world just like
always
there you go I'll do another giveaway
here soon here on just on YouTube you
know in the meantime find somebody who
has Twitter if you don't have one that's
that guys I'm gonna go over and film
some first person skateboarding and I'm
sick so it's not gonna be too special
and I got new shoes so I got used to
those but I just want to give you some
skateboard footage so I'd say guys good
luck with the giveaway make sure you
follow anchor on
and enter that contest cut the
skateboard
alright guys that's it uh I'm really not
feeling that well I'm just coming over
my sickness so I hope you guys do that
slow motion first-person stuff good luck
with the contest if you didn't
understand any of it it's right down the
info that's it this is a GoPro so I can
really do whatever I wanted see that I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go right now
all right look at this that is the
Triforce I have no idea what deck this
is but someday somebody's gonna get this
and I'm like oh that was that one deck
in that one video and I got it
goodbye
