all right this is the Dana why does the
person I'm talking I just realized my
throat doesn't feel good it doesn't
sound that good either but yeah
Daniel ight and I'm stuck at Starbucks
first thing in the morning because
that's how my life works the driveway
isn't even big enough like so you're
always like basically sticking out of
the road I'm gonna get coffee and go to
work it's 7:00 in the morning and I
would rather be sleeping let's do this
day they totally gave me whipped cream
with my latte I can live with it but I
had pointed out cuz I I usually I can't
talk oh my gosh uh the elephant penguin
and bag of beds
it's not funny though because I go there
every day and I didn't even tell them
what I wanted to eat music hey man good
morning if you want this and he nailed
it even said no whipped cream but I got
whipped cream I'm mad but now that I've
talked about of this boat you gotta
sound like I'm bummed on it but not all
right so I just got to work and
everybody rolled in behind me except
right my name isn't here yet
but Ryan chambers in Casey absolutely
got here the new Star Wars comes out
tomorrow when I'm filming this and I
think I'm gonna pop quiz Ryan chambers
about Star Wars all day he's a fellow
Star Wars nerd as is like the whole
world ride chambers I am Dana lightning
and you are getting pop quiz okay who is
the crazy little creature that hangs
around java his crown boom you nailed if
you didn't you fail to end on it I also
didn't even ask you Casey
you've bananas hook up and in well that
was a weird thing to point out do you
have it like a freaking Western gun
slings min to you see how easy you are
like ready to pull out the Nana out dude
alright so it is December which means we
have in an insane amount of orders going
out every single day and it's a mess in
here so I'm sorry look at this look at
this disc I think that's one of the
things we're going to do is we're going
to clean this disc
nice so this doesn't look much cleaner
but it is a lot cleaner the stickers on
the table just make it looks kind of
stupid and I made it clean by putting
everything next KC over there thank you
yeah they're welcome play now I'm going
to do shipping rates and sign forms with
KC for about like two hours straight and
then I'll start doing my own work like
email and blah blah blah
that's what I do so you're not gonna see
much on the next two hours but Ryan is
eating banana and having a refreshing
Snapple
what kind of troopers ride on the
speeder bikes in front of Jedi yeah come
on Matt don't you dare clicking shipping
rates it's taken do you been eating
there for like five minutes I get all
that
Helen Alex you guys probably know this
but I owner operates revived skateboards
of course wheels long with bright names
he does it too we put a little
personalized thank you on every single
order that goes out so that's what I'm
doing I'm gonna do with some of these
before heading to my office to get some
of my personal work done an email Gavin
Martinez thank you for the order and
also you should play Mario Brothers
tonight
every night is good to play Mario Bros
David barber is probably not a barber
Timothy coin is not going to ride a
roller coaster today Judy Krauss one
time saved a turtle from crossing the
road she walked it straight over to the
other side of so nice what is tomorrow
Brian force awakens there yeah and on
that note what is the name of cash
render ship oh well that wasn't a movie
so I'll give it to you but the outrider
now writer shouts damn power brah yeah
writer
Ashton Howerton is amazing about once I
don't know that at all the caption is
good at mowing lawns yeah Brian Arnaz on
here
funny thing no a lot of times when Brad
and I are talking business I just
casually draw on his wall like he has a
wall that you can draw like it drains a
dry erase wall he like put paint on it
so to dry erase board essentially and
I've been drawing this look at it a lot
of times I just add one little extra
thing and I've been drawing that for a
while
let's add something right now look at
that rock Brian's got a ring now see
just a little bit I had a little bit
every time hello office hello tripod all
right so this case the place is kind of
messy morning orders in December takes a
long time like I spent three hours the
computer just doing packing slips and
signing orders I'm so what am I do is
I'm going to straighten up here and I'm
shouldn't have lunch I have some soup
that I'm going to reheat and eat while
watching Marvel agents of shield and
then I'm going to tackle email editing a
video I got to come up with concepts of
a new company we're launching early next
year
and then also ridin and my wife are
gonna come up here and have their own
lunch this is a very long day where I
couldn't government I'm here for a long
time and then I'm going to the
skateboard night I haven't skated a long
time so Ryan's coming up to see me today
which is fun because it's always fun
hanging out at the warehouse with the
little guy
previously on Marvel's agents of shield
all right proven launched I've it done I
made little list of things I want to get
done today but I'm gonna start tackling
email and then ridin in the wife round
the way so that way you're soon so uh
email it is do-do-do-do-do I'm going to
do delete you do to leave you that's not
a weird you've hurt your back prime I'm
back guess what
money I call the twenty I just had a
head full cash and also going to throw
beer you didn't I caught when you are do
you say you're exactly the company's so
I guess you can have it pay let my
family's here Ryan and ran in and
stickered me immediately didn't you
buddy yeah I've been alright this is
what it's like when ridin comes to work
on tries to help me
are you eating you need to finish your
meal but you know go over there need go
ready yes yes you can yes you gain well
you're supposed to be finishing your
food you started messing the skate tool
and let me see your face is there a ring
on your nose of dirt hey did you know
that I have a surprise for you
hey breakdancer okay go say hi Daddy
take AC and Ryan
I get up I'm dragging you on the floor
now you gonna be dirty
oh gosh I have to oh gosh knock you over
come on buddy
look at this that Alright ridin all
right so Brian's mom found this
fingerboard stuff tech to exploit your
article and brought it in so thank you
mrs. Ames you rock we're totally gonna
play with it ridin look at this figure
board stuff we got a ramp which one do
you want to use you totally picked the
one I wanted the one with the dragon I
was good I want to use that one but it's
alright you use it
I'll use the lion okay look at that boom
we got a lion that was a huge air
oh my gosh Oh too flat are you okay go
in go in
oh why did he do that but don't break
any of this up okay it was really nice
of mrs. Ames bring this in oh you're
gonna hit the rail come back come back
all right here anyone I got you now are
you ready for your four down yeah I do
it and that was a celebration
you didn't work yeah thanks babe
all right I snuck back for a few minutes
to do a little bit work I need to do I
need to run errands soon and they and
ridin my wife need to leave so I just
need to get a few things on before I do
that that's the song that's the
sun-eater here Sam came and wrote me
coffee thank you dude well they got Olly
tonight yeah okay go in dollars night
night instigated there in a while so
stay in line Dana left 38 Wow don't do
that bro oh wow okay Mac okay oh you can
go ask Brian
yes you're welcome buddy all your money
that's money money those are action
figure guns they are oh I love you thank
you for coming visit me okay be good for
your mom
bye mom thank you love you love you
right so I'm kind of away from the house
all day today so it's awesome that my
family was able to come hang out with me
at work I usually make them do that if
I'm going to be home late so I get to
see them you know cuz hanging out with
Rhydon and the wife is the most
important part of the day so I don't let
a day go by where I don't have some
quality time with them but I got to go
do some errands I got to pick up some
office stuff and then get my car wash
and then I'm back to the warehouse as
fast as possible because I got a lot of
stuff I still need to get done before we
skate tonight
Hey look I'm in the car i watch
boom shopping done I get to go back to
our house I got a few things that are
boring coheed and cambria but mainly
boom block up three I am buddy call duty
in like two black ops and I decided to
get Brian names and a Christmas present
so we've been playing battlefront online
and that's good but it's kind of made us
want to get back into Call of Duty a
little bit so we're gonna try this out
let's go let's freakin go go in cambree
on Brian Ames oh thanks buddy everday
thank you
Merkers mr. Wilson nice happy Easter no
Halloween back at my desk I have to work
my face off until we leave for Ali's
skate park I can't wait to skate Ali's I
haven't skated for like two weeks
because I got a tooth pull and they like
ruin my life for maybe even longer it's
been a while but either way I'm skating
tight I'm psyched but first I've got to
edit a video and get it online or
uploaded and scheduled whatever don't
worry about it I'm gonna work and you're
not gonna watch it yeah I just I
literally just got a message from my
wife that our girl cat is actually a boy
cat how long do you have this cat eight
years
honor is a boy otters a boy I have two
boy cats so I'm still calling it a girl
she's a girl you're wrong
veterinarian well it's kind of funny
he's one of the car and we're driving
it's a dark night
no storm what is a dark night Willie's
not in the dark okay my skateboard
I feel like I'm getting sick remember
when I was log about probably earlier
this morning if I get sick I'm gonna be
so mad after two games of skating a few
tricks I know I'm getting sick but I'm
going to do some tricks and then film
these dudes
the forest
good
I'm kidding he didn't I'll time you show
up I thought you were working
do you like
you
Joshu
we're out here yeah you're not even
eating with us in my candles are my
friend my buddy
dinner's it's like a summer nights right
now alright well I forgot you I forgot
to fill the driving Club we're here look
who it is
why are you here I really fully scoffs :
you're a crab crab meat again
all right so this is where they a Dana
life ends because I think Bryden
probably be silly about having at home
and I'm getting sick and that sucks but
uh that's fun day tomorrow is Star Wars
which is an amazing day is tomorrow is
gonna rule so it should that tomorrow I
know if I said it earlier today I'm
gonna cry I'm going that's it guys I
will see you in Dana life 39 which will
be soon because I might try beauties
more
just over and over again huh go back in
land it whoa you just punch yourself in
the face kid
you
