that was Craig Stanley and I personally
to call him craigy that's not true I
would never call him craigy he's way too
tall the guy to call cute name like that
but he took a board to the face that is
hands-down were the worst fears like
there's about three things that you
think about when you're skating I don't
want to sack I don't want something to
hit my testicles I don't want to turn my
ankle and I don't want to get hit in the
face with a skateboard and Craig did it
and it sucked we're kind of scared I
have not seen too many people get hit in
the face with their skateboard in real
life but every time it happens I'm just
assumed the worst like your jaw is just
ok to do like imagine that you jaws just
not where it should be and you're not a
lego guy okay you can't just click it
back into place cuz I'll be awesome and
good and it happened so fast like he was
rolling away and then he lost his
balance and just smacked him in the face
very quickly it was like you went from
happy to sad like that I'm here heard
those stories when people get people
fake Christmas presents kind of what it
was like it's like you know you get into
Tendo 64 and this is your reaction but
then you opened up and you find out you
got a Hot Wheel car okay sorry you're
not getting into those 64 and now you're
just like the saddest dude in the whole
world
and you got in the face of the
skateboard but I mean that was quick
okay it kind of reminds me of what a dog
bites a person here notice that like
dogs are super quick with biting I
didn't waste time they go from cute dog
face to snap at your face like that
that's kind of what happened Craig
skateboard was a dog biting his face
when I was watching this clip I kind of
thought I was like yeah you know what
other sports still gonna deal with this
and I realized this gate borders we kind
of have it lucky because as horrible as
it is to have a skateboard to the face I
mean I would much rather have a
skateboard of the face could hit by a
baseball or a hockey puck I mean think
of hockey puck to the face I'll be like
a 60 mile an hour piece of rubber to
tooth so be thankful Craig at least
there's that but it was super scary and
Craig really took it like it like a man
like he was just like you got a SAT
there for a second it's like that sucks
she got hit in the face by freaking
skateboard and he was just fine he
stopped skating he was trying to
nosegrind shove it down the hubba which
was insane for this try he just stuck
the nose grind and did that 2k he was
like smooth sailing and he's gonna hit
the face her scared but he was okay so
all was well I'm sure his face was sore
but it didn't have any actual injuries
like that could have been so much worse
than it was because I'm having a board
like in the mouth in your teeth is one
of the worst things that I could imagine
I'd be so horrible feeling and Craig was
ok so that is awesome he did happen to
do a lot of tricks that day so i will
show you a handful of tricks he did
right here
so that was Craig he is a very talented
skateboarder he's part of the hella cool
gang which is a local company here in
Cincinnati and he's a super good dude he
helps out here spread quarters and he
skates with us I'm sure you'll see more
footage from him but if you do seem in a
skatepark I give them about pat on the
back don't pat him on the face cuz
that'll be weird I mean pat him on the
back that be a safe thing to do there
you go that was fall fraud I hope you
guys dug it I tried to these every two
of two weeks but sometimes it gets funky
but I should be back in two weeks with
another fall Friday so tune in I'm sorry
my voice is kind of weird I feel like
it's affecting my energy today but I do
today the videos hit the subscribe
button if you want to see more for me
yeah i'll see you tomorrow but right now
i'm going to take my camera and go film
Breyer names and make him answer
something stupid we'll see how that goes
hey Brian yes if you could hug someone
for 30 minutes straight who to be
Michael Jackson
Oh congratulations you made fall Friday
thank you after tunica after you destroy
the park instead of me hey you're all
right that's it thank you how's Nora I
dude you had you do you freakin had that
too cheese Oh what is your reaction to
that i I don't know when my archery my
reaction is that's my reaction I can't
talk how are you alive
you
