welcome to youtube com Ali's viewing and
I we just did a three flip a to skater
three flip down this and now we're going
to try a to skate or three double down
this are you ready for this Huckleberry
Finn let's go one uh now we'll do that
the end well just high five right now
let's go wow we got it we got I almost
killed Alex but we got it maybe if you
don't think about the fact i hurt my
wrist right there how I don't know
almost purple yeah come on team Alex oh
I'm such a stink what a dumb thing to
say oh yeah you still have that thing in
your mouth dude do you I do yeah yeah
sure legit two and a half and then flip
triple after the bound over the read on
the ground true damn shoe was the one
that messed it up thousand Bell if the
wound
no we totally just gonna do a Tribble no
I don't oh nothing shot at you like a
bullet I overdid it I worded it is that
there's a precise calculations to the
science behind this chemistry a lot of
maneuvering on this this is the one
hey rollaway watch alot of all those a
hot pot right there a lot of those are
hot lot right there ramp hop on guys you
were you having a lot of energy but
thank you guys for watching I hope you
enjoyed it next time we will do a
handrail oh now we won't die whatever I
mean maybe no no
alright well thank you this dude for
filming he has a channel right down
there thinking for this do for filming
he's a channel right down there and to
be continued on his channel for sure
maybe hitchin I don't know but we're
gonna do one on his channel so tune in
did you get that part good I kind of saw
the future for a second and his private
parts were in danger I like a stinger
out where is it it's one of those things
that you see in video movies and you
hope that isn't real but it is because
it's right here it's disgusting
