more health one thick can you see Brian
one bit alright I'm sure Brian don't you
you're right you're safe you're not you
didn't walk into the water good job who
do we have today I I don't even know
hey fee I think cap Casey walking yeah
oh okay
hey Ryan jammers you have nothing to do
this video at all but you talked to me
earlier today okay and Brian What did he
say I don't know we talked about your
super spin okay your nollie 360 Big Ben
is that what it is okay and he was like
I could do that first try he said it
just like that he's like I could do that
first try I can't okay either way we're
gonna put you to the test to see if you
can land that quick this is a brutal one
you might not do this but either way
you're going to win okay so you have to
warm up with three tricks you're gonna
do a kickflip a fake III flip at a
nollie 360 on the hip can you do this
yeah yes that's how you're gonna warm up
and then you're going to have ten tries
to do knowledge super spin if you Andy
you get $25 to buy whatever you want a
robot if you don't land it you get a
keyboard you get for a Mac do you have a
Mac you have a keyboard not yes it's a
really stupid thing have you ever had
one of those on it it's awful but try it
it's yours there you go but hopefully
win the 20 bucks actually win both of
them um both um if you wait if you land
okay are you ready for the challenges
are you dig it all right have you were
far away I cannot believe that we got I
got you to do that I told him that was
what we should do for the video and he's
like yeah okay let's do it
fakie three football my hip no fakie
kickflip of faith remove on the ground
Oh Brian you know how you always get
your stopwatch out you don't need it
right now you don't need it at all this
time a little bit of backstory the
Casey's had a back injury for the
greater part of this year so he's just
now back this is the first time you've
actually like been showcased in a we're
nowhere
right by stupid foot that could all you
had one one day either way but he's back
and he's actually a challenge okay quick
to warm up can you do that whoa did so
what is it what happened you threw a bag
head head I gotta watch the recap of
that you do you got a red mark on your
face there's a red mark I'm sorry that
was one of the meaner things to throw at
somebody and I wasn't even the one to do
our okay even when I'm someone all right
all right
Casey is warm you're warm dude get your
try calculator out okay every time he
does a try what you just type in 1 2 3 4
you know so we know just so we know ok
are you ride it I didn't mean to either
we're doing it on the super spin so not
only 360 big spin and everybody
everybody probably thinks that's
actually called a super spin they're
gonna figure self yeah hey grind are you
doing I'm doing the Antelope grind we
trick the bench I do because you don't
land it yeah don't I don't think he's
going to well not like we're at odds
have you ever notice that I'm rider more
than your left her
oh you're about to eat your words as
long as it's not that bad
it means that ice cream or sorbet 5g
five more to go
are you starting to think that I'm right
no you still have faith in that guy over
there
now impressive try seven wizard
tournament
so three more tries eight nine ten eight
nine ten it was Casey that was good dude
that was amazing
you did it I was saying that I was
saying you weren't gonna do it he was
saying you were and you did it's a good
job then I had five twenty five dollars
and a keyboard that's over there yeah
get your keyboard thing here's your
keyboard sir well makes it so mad yeah
it's a keyboard protector a whole like a
two days into using that you're gonna
take it and throw it away it's like a
floppy fish on top of your TV this is
exactly like a floppy fish it's like a
dead floppy fish like the skin of a dead
fish on your keyboard Julian welcome
back to skateboarding where's that back
in Brian hid the camera with a baguette
and get five bucks
Brian's failure everyone's trying to hit
me
oh it's the aftertime it's the part
where like hey man this guy's got
YouTube channels down in the info and
check it out I have to make a weird face
right funky
see why you did it
