YouTube what's up guys so yes that was
footage from from October but I'm just
now getting around to putting it on my
channel it's from the major Halloween
edit they do every year and they were
nice enough to invite me and Sam and
then a bunch of other dudes down to
Texas to film with them and it's an
awesome time I want to put it on my
channel so you know the people that are
subscribed my channel can see it but if
you definitely need to check out the
edit I'm gonna put majors channel at the
end of this as it screens about to
change click the bottom link and go
check out major if you're not already
subbed to them there are some of the
most talented skateboarders out there
they're really really good so Eddie and
Jacob you rule Jacobs specifically thank
you for filming some of this and sending
it to me but guys you are awesome so
check out major and major dudes you keep
doing what you're doing this is Vegas
I'm here this weekend by the time you
watch this I'm back in Cincinnati it is
funny how time works all right go check
out major
you
