what's up guys so my face may look funny
and that's because it does look funny
right what's wrong with my face it's fat
kind of look a gotten better this is I
love do you think he's got better
slightly better it used to be like out
to here it looks like your jaw's it
looked like this half of my face with a
cartoon and this half was normal yeah I
did and there's your face hey it is my
face are you doing a day in the vlog or
whatever we're doing a vlogger so de
braga so which is really dumb word I'll
say it forever it's like vlog is a dumb
enough word and then blogger sewed is
just like coming like a level up and
that's what I'm doing
yes so I might be talking funny I got a
tooth pulled like two days ago and it's
been so bad like I'm just now able to
really talk today I can't eat I haven't
really ate a solid food since you know
exactly two days ago
I've been eating smoothies for dinner I
have soup right here but I'm gonna do
some work stuff and then hang out right
in and I'm gonna fill it all and I'm not
gonna be skating unfortunate but don't
make someone else skate so well fun but
first soup soup time so I've been
watching Marvel ages of shield during my
lunch time every day and I mean using my
iPad which is not even on right now but
my the Wi-Fi in the warehouse office
area is so bad lately I don't even
bother using the TV so I basically have
a TV for no reason but it looks cool
I guess soup get cooler success alright
so lunch done it sucks talking and it
kind of hurt like the heat of the soup
kind of hurt but I'll get there I'm
gonna start eating again I swear
basically just check it in things in the
where else we've got a lot of pretties
in my gosh you guys got Frisch's to eat
that's gonna be gorgeous here knows
these things we are just like wow man
food is amazing next week so after
eating soup I get to come look at the
delicious things they're eating you're
super good don't you when you have to
drink it it's it's kind of weird here's
how its beauties face this soap is
amazing
could you not do that for a second to
help me carry in a lot of boxes yeah
cool let's go I was gonna ask you to do
it Casey but you have food in your mouth
and you're moving your mouth up and down
alright
kidding okay I have six boxes from
anchor tech I'm working a little closer
with them and I'm actually in charge of
like kind of getting the word out about
these like giving it to other channels
stuff so I'll be doing some giveaways
with some of this off my channel and I
have a giveaway later in the month where
you can win cash for anything on their
site which is really cool we're credit I
guess you could say but um I think is
nobodies and see everything they got me
this is a ridiculous amount of stuff wow
that's a lot of anchor there's something
in here for you that's amazing
I was texting game sorry well say hi
Gabe hi Gabe cruise house texting you
let me get a box up oh he's gonna get a
box out to you I apparently gonna give a
box to Gabe oh that good is so bad I'm
just you're the crap out of me I'll tell
you guys what I almost hit another
second through this box that's amazing
well thank thank you anchor for Andy I'm
like there's like there's like 10
anchors amazing it's go come upon name
to anchor tech I feel like like start
Nick technology as well covered I feel
like when I say that if you are awesome
thank you a guy who runs anchor you're
awesome I don't know who you are but I
walk I'm gonna give some buddies away
right now this is pretty awesome yeah
you want some free stuff you do one of
these is yours the other you get to
giveaway on your channel thank you yeah
what's your YouTube channel oh I just
hit you the Wiener yeah hurt what's your
YouTube channel Casey Beckley
youtube.com slash Casey Becker yeah
anchor giveaway is gonna happen in the
near future thank you wait am I giving
ones for you to is to give away okay
thank you I pretty awesome
they are awesome thank you lawrence at
anchor and anchor itself you guys are
amazing do you guys want some of this
gear all i'll be giving away here on my
channel but then definitely check out on
the fall the related ski channels in our
little youtube community because i'm
going to be giving it away to them to
give it away to you guys so you guys
will get a chance to win some of the
stuff it's really awesome we pack it
clearly we're excited about this but now
i got to do some video work and then i'm
gonna film skateboarding so let's do
this
so I've been working for about an hour
now and I'm pretty sure that the more I
work the Messier my office gets just
like spreading but Thomas is on his way
up here and he's gonna film some
skateboarding for you guys so I'm gonna
film him skateboarding for you guys
either right Thomas is right on his way
up here
I suck at talking right now I can't eat
I can't talk
yeah skate I didn't think you Tommy
oh you can't hurt so I just high five
just broken rib okay
give up here I saw him yesterday but I
didn't really process he had a beard
yeah skateboard I'll try alright Brody
you're gonna do this trick right name
you watched it I'm really psyched that
you watched it too that's why I Drive
that was a lame as a whistle
that was special
yeah oh so good the other hand the other
hand I mean I know you're hungover that
was super solid man
other hand he just got just cast off
he's high-fiving me with his hurt wrist
you been trying that one for a while he
hit it
today Oh awesome obsession just fight
this sloppy for all the way over it was
a little sloppy but dude you guys didn't
you guys did okay skating is done I
gotta straighten up here and then I need
to get a smoothie I can only like eat
liquids basically so I've been doing
oatmeal which is kind of solid but not
really soup for lunch and I've been
doing a smoothie for a mid meal like
between lunch and dinner and then ice
another smoothie for dinner these this
is the third day in a row that I've had
to do that that's been my life I did
want to show you this remember earlier
in the video where I thought I hit
something all right over here this is it
this is a hand-painted deck yes that has
my name on it no I am NOT pro I don't
worry out how many plans are turning
myself pro ever in my life yeah he
hand-painted this it has me and riding
as a doctor doctors and it's beautiful
so mark Galvin jr. did this thank you so
much for saying it to me I hooked him up
or at least I started talking to and he
might actually do a revived doc I don't
know I need to get in touch with him and
respond to his email so super psyched on
this car needs to be clean too I need to
clean my whole life I swear but now
smoothie time which is gonna be a
glorious time let's do this
we're the king together smoothie Hey
look I have a smoothie I have a few
minutes to waste I'm buying a house like
next week the whole process is almost
done then I get to move of course but I
got to go over to the new house to walk
through it for some certain things with
the wife and ridin I'm not gonna film
that afterwards I'll be playing with
write it and put it for now I'm gonna
wait and watch skate videos with my cell
phone until I can go over there do that
and this could be a delicious time like
smoothies and skate videos it's like the
best thing in the world oh my gosh is
delicious oh I got a brain freeze
so I watched some John Hill and I
watched some black ninja now I am going
to go do that thing with my house my new
house yet so it'll cut turnoff coheed
and cambria I was a dumb thing to say
turn on codeine Cambria either way right
now yeah it's gonna cut I need to stop
filming and driving it's gonna cut and
I'm gonna be with Rhydon so uh until
then later
round two they've everything I'm crazy
so yeah I'm home we ate dinner now ride
in and wanted the carbon board right you
know the marker on your face I wanted to
be a mother felt like you you wanted a
mustache just like me yeah that's pretty
cute you tried it once there you go do
the flip say I'm gonna flip boom
high-five with your face stomp right
down there okay there you go oh you
tryin it all right I got NDA okay I'm
gonna flip the board and then you jump
and land on it okay you ready yeah one
two three
you missed it let's do it again the land
it one two three boom with your hand
with your hand with your hand so riding
just tried to a pop shuvit and he did it
like it was 360 spin do it oh you did it
you landed it though do it again alright
do it
oh that's pretty good I don't know what
you call that the ballerina daddy
trick it's a Daddy trick daddy's never
done it so that was vlogger sowed five I
was gonna do daily life today but my
mouth on my mouth weird I couldn't talk
all day and I was like I'll just do a
vlog I sewed and uh see how that pans
out so hope that was interesting to you
guys I'm sorry that it was the basic
like warehouse home video that I always
do but it was it was exciting time for
me I hope you guys dug it I'll do a
day-in-the-life here soon so stay tuned
for that and ridin comes tell you bye to
the camera come in here what do you say
to YouTube
ow
you just laser you lose light saber my
finger off what do ya say
I've got a lot of boxes in my car
you like didn't Tony Hawk that's other
knowledge
you
