Ryden whoa you were right next to me
yeah
what is up YouTube we are doing another
house video it is super raining slash
snowing outside and we got this
what is this ridin it is a bone arrow it
was a cheap bow and arrow ver like
target so I hope this video actually
works but we're gonna go around the
house shooting some bow and arrow what's
not yeah well maybe we'll see okay rule
of thumb don't fire arrows at TVs let's
just in life it doesn't even work it
really doesn't
yeah and battery went out in one day
alright let's get this out okay this is
the archery target set into its it yeah
actually this promotes indoor use so
maybe you can't fire it at a TV I don't
know oh wow look you're like you just
press these little buttons and it comes
out a pain tennis you want to shoot me
with the bow and arrow that would be
funny I think my dad stop it whenever
water oh good thank you for thinking so
get this out I'm gonna break this thing
getting it out kids maybe arrows let's
see let's get a little Twain test ready
you immediately put that on YouTube it
should stick on YouTube just I just
punched you guys in the face look who we
got a target it's kind of tiny so you
got to be talented does it stick to that
at least Oh times good the bullseye is
smaller than the like this thing is
bigger than the bullseye right yeah
getting it away pretty much what are you
doing to me
he's an authority to give it a test
writing you want to be the first person
to do the bow and arrow test alright
let's go over there let's go over there
do you already got it Wow all right
let's see it don't hit the dog did you
see the dog is like underneath the table
over there do you know how to do it what
are you let go oh my gosh that was
that is amazing did you bring it form -
well yeah that's how you did it that's
exactly how you did it
no she's like I am not in the mood for
this you never ever aim toy blasters or
bow and arrows at animals okay or
anyone's face okay
very clear right because it could whack
him in the face him in the eye you could
be not be good this is made my Franklin
I don't know if that matters there to
the front door when you did it it like
shot like really fast I did do it though
alright riding it
geez that doesn't stick alright don't
hate me I'm gonna hold it okay this is
terrifying holding this he's not gonna
hurt it's just weird
oh I'm just gonna put it on the glass
Parrish step over there well that went
to the right you just remember that the
arrow didn't make sense because you were
aiming here and it was just like it like
wanted to turn off the light
did your head and it just didn't stick
yeah well I know you gotta get a stinkin
what that was scary
20 points no look look it's like the
black the actual arrow is on 2070 but
you did not get 70 yeah it's where the
black arrow is it sound 20 maybe you're
right
I'll do one next cut I just said it the
bottom of stairs into it right you feel
me here it did not stick it all right
I'm gonna prop this up so when it hits
it it'll be at an angle and I don't
actually stick
that was I literally had to like hold
the bow at an angle like this they make
that happen
look I got like barely 20 points that's
more time that's more 20 then 10 that's
yeah it is a tie game ridin right would
you like to do the toilet target how is
your indicator no that's disgusting
all right it'd be very easy but it's
tradition so stand right here or you're
aiming at the top aim down there you go
you still at the top you got another 20
points is that the only thing we can get
last 24 Chinese food for two points and
you're a king ridin right what do we
have here yeah okay well how am I gonna
do it I'm just gonna go through the loop
and hit the target not gonna go over
here right this is gonna be way too easy
Hey what oh my gosh I'm like really not
good at this it's like 5 feet away
another 20 points
we're doomed for 20 points we really are
ok toggle and I'm gonna see if I can
snap yeah smash this tower do it stuck
to a leg oh I thought of a stuck tool
again he's gonna do this that was pretty
much like the bullseye ridin it was like
this wide and you hit it
you hit the wall oh wow are you blasted
that good at the rock is the high-five
you didn't either so I'm gonna walk over
here I think you just woke him up oh he
loves the cuddles doesn't he mm-hmm he's
a happy dog right now fried and I'm
gonna do the final trick shot you want
to try it you had to go through the
stools into the oven target yeah with
the elf on top are you ready to try this
this is gonna be hard
let's see it well yeah that's about what
I expected if there's going to be hard
it is very hard yeah that was good
you hit this dude you're really accurate
you just need to hit it just right so it
sticks okay I know I got that you do you
hit this again you have that expression
every time do it what is it gonna take
this is the one
no way did the Tory but that was really
funny I think you actually got 50 points
to like a million you woman good job
yeah you did really good I am proud of
you usually I get the last trick shot of
the video we didn't do too many trick
shots but right and you totally got the
best trick shot I love you oh my gosh
that really would have been cool but we
would have knocked the star off the
Christmas yes we all right well hi-5
does an awesome last trick shot done by
ridin I hope you guys like that the set
is really cheap it was actually really
hard because you would hit the target
and you wouldn't stick yeah yes it did
and it happened to me it's just a little
difficult it was like a 15 to 20 dollar
Target set so if you guys are going to
get an indoor bow and arrow set maybe
get a little nicer quality one I mean it
was fun but I feel like with the target
is more frustrating than fun yeah
yeah I think we would have more fun just
going around the house hitting random
things yeah but we hope you guys like
this video I do videos all the time and
at least once a week with this guy we do
a lot of house videos like this is fun
but if you guys want to see more from me
just hit the subscribe button
it's right down below it's easy it's
free and your son will see more videos
and I do a lot of skateboarding and do a
lot of lifestyle whatever I think is fun
entertaining I put on my channel so I
will see you guys tomorrow with a new
skateboarding video and ridin
we're gonna go Christmas shopping it's
way after Christmas for you guys but for
us it's the 23rd so we have to get a
last-minute present don't we how because
I'm gonna upload this in two weeks
alright so I hope you guys have a great
day and we'll see you soon
act like you're shooting an imaginary
bow fire to see if you hit it oh you
missed darn it
try again okay
whoa ah dude you've landed on your head
don't do that oh my gosh that is like
what you do in the pool you don't like
yeah nevermind we'll work on that
