I just made the best sandwich ever and
I'm gonna eat it and enjoy it and if you
bother me again I will text message you
a punch to the face all right I'll let
me choke goodbye this is going to be
amazing
hey you're never going to guess not
realizing please make this fast I'm
trying to enjoy my sandwich I'm going to
have my lunch right now dude I saw this
meme on the Internet it makes sense it
makes perfect sense kylo Ren is Luke sky
no there's a million theories out there
why are you trying to read anything
don't you just watch the movie when it
comes out and enjoy more theories kylo
Ren is Darth Vader there's no way
kylo is an x-men hands-down the dumbest
thing I've heard today kylo Ren is a
droid and that one is possible I guess
kylo Ren is an Ewok you are an idiot
kylo Ren is Donald Trump
what kylo Ren is tupac shakur I told you
he was alive oh my gosh
Mark Zuckerberg ring a bell it's cuz
it's kylo Ren
that's why hi Lorraine is Caitlyn Jenner
snape kill dumbledore
dude hey are you done are you finished
no kylo Ren is a t-rex Kanye West Wayne
Gretzky
mr. ever Dredd Ben Affleck man my arm a
pop-tart Kelly Clarkson a pickle did you
get it all out there are you cool are
you cool can I go back to eat my
sandwich now please
yeah no problem enjoy your sandwich okay
next time we'll talk about yours because
stano's oh gosh
Darth Vader is Luke's dad
dude what stepdad oh my gosh
hey what's up guys thank you for
watching my video I know those little
out there especially if you're new to my
channel I used to do weird little skits
like this all the time it's kind of nice
to do one I know that wasn't that wasn't
my favorite one I've ever done but I got
the random idea and since Star Wars is
coming out next week I was like ah I'll
do it I'll see how it turns out some of
you got even a little laughs from it
either way Star Wars are coming I'm
insanely excited and people do have some
ridiculous theories they really do like
I see the crazy stuff on the internet
and I'm just kind of along for the ride
like I'm just gonna watch the movie I'm
not gonna think into it and I'm gonna
love it I know I'm gonna love it if
you're one of those people have a lot of
crazy theories or you're just like me it
doesn't matter just enjoy the movie and
if you want see more videos from me I do
daily videos goofy things skateboarding
videos pranks skits anything so if this
is a scribe button and I will see you in
the future tomorrow because I do daily
videos I'm gonna reheat that sandwich
and eat it actually because it's it's
really cool after filming
