so how do you get a girl to like you um
say I'm you do have to walk all clothes
with you and love you so to get a girl
to like you you say I need to work and
after I work I'll play with you and love
you oh yeah
welcome to blue kitchen you're holding
Darth Vader Raiden what tell us about
Darth Vader the favorite name is he is
gonna sword himself in we won't stay
Bordeaux himself okay right here what
are you looking at Vicki do not come
food ridin do you want a girlfriend ah
be by Coleman you think Aubrey's gonna
do it ya think she could be your
girlfriend yeah that's cool
welcome to kitchen go hee hee ha get it
don't you know yet slow this thing and
go ahh yeah and that's bitches don't get
cold I you should my dad's face is stuck
in permanent there's right in hey what
do you wanna do today um uncle kiss cool
you're gonna kiss a girl yep
it was your favorite Star Wars character
dude riding on what about Boba Fett no
ooh
yeah what is it
wait don't
you
