well hi Jill how are you doing whoo how
are you doing YouTube it is giveaway day
last week I gave away some copies of my
book I'm gonna tell you guys the winners
then I'm gonna tell you what I'm giving
away but you probably know about the
title you already know that I'm what I'm
giving away so we'll get there in a
second hold on ok so I gave away four
copies of my book 3 on YouTube one on
Instagram and I wanna tell you the
winners the winners on YouTube are Devon
hall awkward cookies and April Armstrong
I check your youtube inbox ha's your
direct message in boxes and there'll be
a message for me tell you how to get
this the winner on instagram was cold
blue river so check your Instagram DN
cold blue river I message you there my
translations and thank you to everybody
who entered if you want to pick up a
copy of my book you can go to a nice
rack calm or it's in every amazoncom
like across the world I think everything
all the support and love you guys have
shown me about this book thank you so
much I am working on writing a follow-up
right now so hopefully next year you'll
see us but this week what are you gonna
what are they gonna win this week do you
even know hi you're not winning a
sidetrack I don't know what that is but
you are getting a chance to win my
complete skateboard this is the last set
up ice skated before this one and it's
in really good condition the reason why
I stopped skating this is because I
needed to set up a new deck for a
certain video for one of the newer
graphics to be in and I've had this
setup for a long time so I know what I
have the stuff it's about time to set up
some new gear but I never let my my
skateboard go two weeks I always give
them away at a skate park or like a
friend needs it or I donated to Alex
viewings mini green thing that he does
but this one I'm just had laying around
and I've been meaning to give it to
somebody that's gay part and I was like
you know what I'll just give away on
youtube so give you guys a chance to do
it so it's an eight inch deck it's been
skated but it's it's in perfect
condition the wheels were 52 at one
point they're probably skated down a
little bit and then i think i have some
synopsises bearings in here that i have
a ryan trucks of course all of this is a
pretty good condition it's really good
so i am going to give away two runner-up
prizes and that is new guess we have the
same deck that's on that the dude i'll
just take a letter and then it Doug does
it tells lifeline pro model so that's
what you're waiting
and you're gonna enter right here on
YouTube all right I'm gonna tell you how
to win just second meaning literally the
second smells are cotton like here's how
you win so first and foremost to win
this you have to be subscribed to me so
hit the subscribe button I do i do daily
videos here on YouTube and I do
giveaways like this so I try to make it
entertaining for you guys so hit the
subscribe button but how you win is
you're going to have to comment on a
certain way or revenge I am NOT going to
tell you which we are avenged it is but
it's going to be through 40 and 49 okay
so it's in the 40s that's season 4 but
um to be safe I mean you can you can
comment on just one video and it might
be the one that I pick but you don't
know so to be Savior to leave one
comment on all of the wheel revenge's
and you're entered to win okay like I
said you can only do five of them but I
might pick one that you didn't comment
on so if you really want to win this you
have to comment on all we are avenges in
the 40s that's 40 through 49 please one
comment per wheel revenge and you can
say whatever you want it doesn't matter
just make it clear that you entered the
contest of something or you know say
like I'm want that skateboard I don't
know whatever you want to say but you
made clear that you enter the contest
and i will pick winners early next week
and i'll tell you guys in a video so
that is it if you're younger than 18
make sure your parents know you're
entering this and then you can win
anywhere in the world so that is it guys
just to reiterate that i'm giving away
by complete skateboard that I skated and
then two runner-ups will win a new
skateboard on the ones I showed you and
to enter you're going to cut leave a
comments on every we want revenge in the
40s so 40 through 49 and boom you are
entered a one comment per video and that
is it so thank you guys for watching my
videos I love doing these giveaways and
given back to you guys so i will keep
doing it i know i have a really cool
giveaway with anchor that i'm doing
later this month so stay tuned like I
said make sure you subscribed but I'll
cut some slow motion skateboarding of
somebody out of no idea who and then I
will see you tomorrow because your daily
videos so riding anything you wanna say
to youtube before we go a sad by look at
this face guys I helps contribute to
make
yeah we're gonna sock you want to show
you this on I contributed making this
face mm-hmm did I make your face a
little bit did I take her you later guys
Jason park will you Landis yes yes he
will
right in look at your hair do you see it
hmm look at it you're mad scientist he
could hear the static electricity
crackling say goodbye hi but I put
