you may be wondering why I'm sitting
next to a wall but you're probably not
actually because you've been watching my
videos for a little while and you're
like he's get about to say $60 videos
that's a lot they gotta give it to
myself case that's that's true that is a
ton of videos I just wanted to say thank
you guys for watching my videos I love
making them I would do it anyway but you
know having people watch my videos and
comment and like and all that stuff that
you guys do and show me love and support
it definitely keeps me going and I do it
way more often than if I then if you
guys didn't so thank you so much I'm
gonna keep going but like I do every
single 100 videos I'll do a recap of the
last 100 videos on my channel so without
further ado here's a little montage of
the last 100 videos on my channel
highlights highlight time okay watch
them
we got a black ninja I hope you like
that
very careful if your fingers don't wanna
wanna over wickedly well I don't think
oh okay okay
pause a second buddy I wouldn't cut your
finger off not gonna cut your finger off
it would hurt though when I not cut your
finger off but it like way okay we'll
just keep going
you kept going like you ran out of wax
and you kept going I was weird though
there you go thank you buddy
there you go we're gonna get there get
going
success push it like a champ give me
five
if you only knew the power of the dark
side obi-wan never told you what
happened to your father you know
I and your father
thank you that are you ready all right
come on over here stay right here okay
one two three four we shouldn't do it
okay I'm just kiddin up as kids get what
is your favorite color
I'm white Wow good let you look at it
look a little game you got here that you
don't even that messy limber and a pee
right there
hey say about it Oh 9-1-1 - aren't you a
little short for a stormtrooper no thank
you know me
geez he's still rolling I guess he's
done
1600 yeah that's a lot of videos I
remember the ones that when you're
making them before they were even on
your youtubes 1600 that's a lot of
videos I remember you were making videos
before they were even on your youtubes
you
