Ryan chambers grab it what's up guys um
one I got to hold still so my face might
look lopsided but we got some releases
tonight at midnight don't we Bryden we
do the most exciting one is this this is
jason parks pro model wheel he went pro
for some time skateboards
congratulations again Jason if he's come
in 52 and 53 and here are the design by
GP cool they were not they were designed
by Jason park and they were drawing on G
they're going so uh Jason designed these
himself it's a really cool idea in JP
Cooper killed and of course we also have
a revived product hitting the Shrike
reuters com tonight that is a skate ring
made by board that I skated so that's
kind of cool and also comes with some
stuff to Brian to tell you about but get
a closer look it's uh it's like in a
ring shape you know you put it on you
can get this for your girlfriend your
mom your boyfriend your dad I don't care
who you get it for but you get it for
yourself it's really cool big for my
google skateboard the dudes that
demented skate shop here in Cincinnati
did it there's only a limited supply
these so grab them if you want them
there's actually a video on how they
made them on their YouTube channel which
I'll put right other info so I highly
check out that it's a really cool video
it's kind of neat and then you also get
this stuff with it you can make it into
a keychain or you can wear it as a
necklace yeah for y'all you know what
this is this is like one take so if I
make a dumb face that's just what a dumb
face is in there yes my face is done the
whole time so it's pretty good right now
so yeah tonight jaycee park wheels
eastern standard time midnight at the
schrenkers calm support this dude
seriously is an awesome human being
we're so happy to have this and then the
skate ring is awesome it's a really cool
idea thank you demented for making this
like I said their channels right down
there but that's it
midnight tonight the shriker's com
Easter standard time I'm gonna go that
way hey come back there's literally no
reason for every be walking that way you
need to hit the record button Ryan
chambers
