told you there's a vertebra somewhere
that's not where it should be get waxed
gosh let's read Elena whoo did i'm good
i do that's gonna happen oh my gosh
dude that was cool there's no getting
out of that one you all right oh okay
youtube what's up guys so I got a tooth
pulled this week you can see that my
face is kind of lopsided that's why what
I'm recovering either way yeah this is a
sleigh montage to do this every once
while I save up my slams and I'll put
them together and I hope you enjoyed
that we're gonna try to have one more
Brian will you fall on your face right
there oh why not is that not be fun i'll
work on getting that footage but either
way stay tuned for more videos i do them
every day hit the subscribe button if
you're already are knots and i'll keep
saving up slams okay you're gonna be in
it you're gonna be the next one I might
gonna fall right there no it's not good
enough you need to actual fall Brian I
want your face to touch the ground and
slide across it hurt everyone everyone's
all the oh there you go now pull it now
pull it this is john this is john this
is the dummy we used in we are meant to
be a never once been freaking out about
it up there no just just a little guy
just guy just john you wanna put him
back up and John goes back up there
you
