YouTube what is up guys like a second
day of spring we have inches of snow on
the ground so I got the idea to do a
little trick shot montage of some of the
best trick shots that have went down
inside the Shred quarters on my channel
so check it out I hope you guys enjoy
is insanely terrible wait wait wait did
not go through it wait for just kept
going good I'm gonna instant replay that
oh my gosh I will not think I don't
think that should be the best shot
Oh
I did do it first try
high-five yourself but now we're robbing
the Andy dude I don't know if I got it
as well as I could have
they'll do it
this time for ultimate paper toss trick
shots to
I just I just move that and it wouldn't
perfect there you go
that would
boom there you go that was a yeah it
snowed yesterday as you saw the
beginning this video and I had just done
a skateboarding video in the warehouse
yesterday so I was like what can I do
that you know that I want to do and I
was like oh I've never put together like
a trickshot montage with the stuff in
the Shred course so I hope you guys
liked that when I was going through the
videos to like pick it out for this
video I realized that I've done so many
of these videos named and they've always
done really well on my channels to get
views and you guys seem to like them so
I hope you guys like the recap of some
of the best moments there's been some
crazy things done so that was fun if you
guys want to see more videos like that
from me I do videos here all the time
myself so hit the subscribe button right
down below if you want to be super
supportive okay I mean like ultra
supportive hit the little Bell button on
the pages I don't notify you like right
away when I upload a video and that
actually helps out a lot especially with
the way YouTube works these days so if
you do that I'll be like just lying
awake and at night right before I go to
bed just thinking about you okay maybe
that got a little too weird but I'll
appreciate it nonetheless
no I'm serious I will I will absolutely
think of you before I get a bit too long
of a pause but yeah thank you for
watching yesterday I tried do three flip
over 500 skateboards so if you want to
see me try that there'll be a link at
the end of the video just click it and
that is it if it's nice outside go out
to skateboard if you skate more if you
don't go do something else you'll go
enjoy the outdoors because the winter
just came back like hey I'm back guys
with four inches of snow it's ridiculous
but I'm about to go to Mexico when
you're watching this I'm in Mexico
enjoying the beat a beach so that's
great
you guys know too much I'm gonna go you
guys have a great day and let's do a one
more a gun shot it scares me every time
I'm ready for it's just wait louder
every time I did my best not to flinch I
probably still blinked though
must be
this shouldn't really be no idea how
long that took oh that was over an hour
start filming this at 11 o'clock at 10
o'clock in the morning is now noon when
the weather outside is winter dude does
this now actually just make you feel
like it is like Christmas is Christmas
time
hey it feels more Christmasy
