YouTube what's up guys today we're doing
a game of skate I'm going to make it a
little more fun this one we're gonna be
doing it on a MIDI board it is small and
ridiculously hard to skateboard on this
is Doug dis tells my fellow teammate and
good friend and we're gonna both
struggle on this is gonna be
entertaining because it was probably
gonna be horrible
are you ready no but I'm going alright
this is how I do it
two out of three and we do it on four to
see who goes first guy Oh what do you
keep going you got no way alright see
you boom I go first
yeah that was really trying dude oh my
god
I touch my foot that counts there we go
the winner is me is that I feel like I'm
that's weird it's Brian come in and tell
them tell them to the winners where does
this guy you want hey Kelly you did a
540 clips as possible but on this any
trick is impossible yeah I will say that
Doug's never skated this I have had
privilege of being frustrated on this
thing before I don't think a lacuna for
making something so neat difficult and
rewarding the same time but this dude we
did a game of cruiser skate on his
channel so they'll be a link at the end
of this video right down there go to his
channel to watch it and subscribe for
more awesome videos I wasn't ready for
this it wasn't so hard I'm in then
soaked in sweat can you catch this
what's on your hand are you him
you too but what is up guys so yes
there's an old game of skate on a mini
board with Doug and I I'm doing us sort
of like throwback Monday thing because
recently with the situation on YouTube a
lot of my videos got turned off where
they become unsearchable and they
weren't getting suggested in other
videos I explained it in full in another
video if you guys want to hear that full
explanation I'll put a link in the info
I was talking to YouTube about it and
they told me that I just got it in the
mix of like a lot of confusion and they
were going to fix it but after like over
a month
nothing happened and I decided to just
reload the videos one by one it's not
all my videos it's just a handful of
them all my other normal new videos are
coming out just the same so it's kind of
just like for all you people that
haven't seen these videos it's just a
way to watch the old stuff and then for
all of you that have it's just a
throwback well I just did a mini board
set up a few days ago and I thought it'd
be fun to show this video because I
totally landed a 540 flip on a mini
board but I hope you guys like that
coming up here in a second is just all
the outtakes that I had with this video
and they're really funny so check that
out and then tomorrow I have a brand new
video so uh thank you guys for watching
subscribe right down below if you want
to see more videos and I will see you
tomorrow with a new one yes now there's
an old saying on my channel do the 540
flip right now
I can't look at your face is so we never
been like
