no no no give it no really no no really
that's the worst way to easily ever
possible isn't it where is it where is
Wednesday okay Jason Park hey how's it
going buddy yeah are you a professional
skateboarder net I am now yes well this
is a lie because this is this is our
Caucasian guy named Casey and but Jason
Park did go pro okay
and this is our stand and Jason Park for
no reason other than we wanted someone
be standing here you're super psyched
that Jason of force wheels in our one of
our greatest friends all of us went pro
we are so proud of him and to honor his
proneness we're gonna walk into
warehouse we're gonna walk him to shred
quarters and we're gonna try to reenact
some of his moves and it's gonna be
entertaining because we're awful at
everything he could get him work it's
not gonna work at all yeah and I've
already been skating and I just realized
we gotta do or else Wednesday that's why
I look like this but that's how but look
at him he's got no excuse the way he
looks the reason why I used a hammer
like that is because I want to look like
a maniac
she's it sideways or maybe I was a
maniac I don't know oh hi Brad - close
the door closed door oh no no no no get
back in if I get first trick Brian Ames
is doing the potato chip
three flip
Jason's done it and now Brian is do
something on the back of my head yeah
what is on nothing Brian's gonna do this
worthy you doing the chip three flip
you're doing the easiest thing ever
maybe if I could do a fruit flip oh
let's clean this up Ryan that is
insanely hard I put it right where my
freaking pleading foot was I stepped on
a pile of Funyuns just doing a good job
sweeping that buddy you should land your
trick first I just got snazzy with you
you're good like this is like ruining
Brian's born there
Oh perfect that looks three foot bubble
oh my gosh Brian douche I like at 720
flips and they went everywhere
gusting progressively getting darker
dang it this is what happens when you
try to force skateboard talent at a
trying to force skateboard skill right
now and we don't have it
oh you did it dude oh come on
what is he doing what does Alex doing
Jason Parker the basketball he'll flip
oh my gosh basketball you got that thing
which is gonna be harder I don't know if
you can do it but you're gonna try so
that's good
there's only $15 at your Gracia all
right trick to heelflip basketball he'll
flip let me try it I think it's heavy I
was amazing work that was perfect
how do you do it just this is just gonna
make Bryan feel so bad about his through
flip now it's my turn and I think I have
an idea
Casey come film this please please come
film this mr. Bosque you know I'm Johnny
I can already tell you're trying I'm
gonna try it
so I just I jump here let the board go
in and jump down the sink oh yeah right
here it is if I die I'm sorry if there
won't be a video tomorrow oh my gosh
this is very entertaining just terrified
no I'm like I can do it yes you're it's
like you're inches away it's not I'm
inches away from my heart it's like my
body is saying yes my heart is saying
that ha or some mark falls Louie just
against anything we doing just going
little way yeah it feels like you're
like landing a slip and slide as a
five-year-old that was a crazy sir roll
way too it was adjacent Parker all way
ticket that's put it up was it that no
perfect
it looked ago was wrong away from us you
like a tidal wave no what do you have
there Brian's Wow wheels oh I was good
little slippery wheels snared every
slippery but here's the wheel right here
he has them but just to give you a
pretty picture here it is on the screen
right now we are so proud of Jason he's
one of the best human beings we met and
he is one of the most pcs my favorite
skateboarder ever he's literally one of
those entertaining skateboarders of all
time Jason rules grab pair of these
wheels this Saturday
technically Friday night here Eastern
Standard Time on the the shred course
calm and ask your local shop to karyam
support Jason Park here's a weekend the
52 and 53 millimeter yes'm and he
designed them himself he uh it's like a
cat playing with yarn that the yarn
spells his name
JP Kubrick drew them but he designed
them and it's very jason park truster so
very ver jason but we love this dude you
should too you probably already do but
supportive grab a pair and they are hard
Street formula wheels they're great for
skating that's it
Casey be Jason Park that's good
a few more toys for you to try that his
child meteor I'll do it he's challenging
me to it give it a whirl buddy
I did it first try didn't I you off the
ground yeah that's cool yeah
