Hogan unthought no we're Oh doing a
present opening oh I didn't know that
YouTube would implement opening for
wedding counting down made them give me
from flapping one don't open it yet here
is the other don't open it yet I got a
cat on my chair okay so I recently went
to California and my wonderful friends
Bret's and Carrie actually you know
Brett Novak they were nice enough to get
right in some presents and they were
they hand them to me expecting me to
open up and I was like hold on I'm gonna
make ride and open up so you can see how
excited he gets about these presents
right also laugh like a mad scientist so
let's spit at you those knots need to
apologize there when the planet coin is
present time right now let's start with
this whoo you got it
here try to take that or just rip the
years on the face oh my gosh this is the
best book that has ever happened to
anybody
do you know what is this I don't know
you know what that thing is what is this
okay yeah back kinda is a dragon which
is similar I can see why you think it
was a pterodactyl but what does he have
all over the place yes it is very cool
dragon loves tacos we're reading this
tonight dude you guys know me Brett and
Kerri you really know me and therefore
you know him because do you like tacos
too we get tacos all the time don't we
have you read Ragan would you eat tacos
I'll lean about them they thought felt
like Auggie you're doing this oh this is
awesome
Thank You Brett and Harry hey so what's
planet-killers
that was super nice of them alright you
got one more present I'll be out I'm
gonna let you open it I'm just getting
the ribbon off here let's fly rainbow
this just uh we'll just drape it over
your head okay hey
all right oh my god so cool no we don't
need anything else you got a dragon
loves taco and a cat just kind of it
awesome
why are you laughing so much baby
because it has a pig no that's why it's
funny it's funny because it has the pain
no this is awesome
well alright and it doesn't have any I
bought no he's closing his eyes he's
like this I got a pig nose pink nose it
live on okay this is awesome are you
gonna name him
I'm gonna call flake Caleb back your cat
is named Frank pterodactyl what do you
gotta say to Brett and Kerry said thank
you
a butter my heart shake do I think well
clearly you guys got awesome gifts
i-i'll of them myself but riding in so
loves them
Thank You Brett and Kerry you guys rule
or anything else you want to say before
we go but you lose that oh you're a
fruit snack regret and you cat food
Snapple I wouldn't say that but you
yo slow I'm a bro or a pro what who
thought oh I was cute but he rode daddy
that's good that's what I try to be the
best man
Ryan what is it what is a fruit snack er
um cool bloody
it's a horrible name oh guy you just
called Brent a horrible guy that was
mean I'm afraid sackers that make me a
horrible guy mean you know what well
then yes Bret is a fruit stacker then
because he does not eat fruit snacks
Brent basically just eats spinach whoa
cool that is cool weight on my butt what
