hey riding what time is it it's not
Thursday and the time refers to usually
like an hour a minute but right now I'm
talking about it's giveaway time it's
that time of the week that I give
something away I'm gonna announce the
winners of last week and then I'm gonna
tell you how to win what I'm giving away
this week which is copies of my book
that I wrote and a lot of you guys prior
like watching Andy wrote a book and I'll
explain but hold on the winners of last
week forcefields contests the strike
wheels that I gave away on actual
YouTube is the GoPro duo on YouTube
check your private message DM box
whatever you call it here on YouTube and
there'll be a message for me the other
two winners I told you guys how to win
on you now which is a livestream thing I
do and the winners are the shirt the for
shirt is Harriet Harry Rhett Jones won
the four shirts and then David Zachary
when the pebbles suck wheels so check
your youtube direct message inbox things
there's a message from from me telling
you guys how to claim your prizes you
guys questions you guys won thank you to
everyone who entered and I'm gonna keep
doing these giveaways so stay tuned then
you'll have more chances win if you did
not but this week I'm giving away four
copies of my book yeah so I wrote a book
I released it like two or three years
ago
oh no I wrote it ten years ago alright
and then I finally published it and it's
like a story highly highly highly based
on what I exactly experienced growing up
so I've had a lot of great feedback on
this book but it just kind of means
something to me because this is such a
personal story I claim it as fiction
because I've changed names and um slight
tweaks certain events basically just to
kind of smooth out the story and I don't
want people to know about certain people
that are in this book so I kind of made
it a joven story in a sense I've had a
lot of Awesome feedback in a lot you
guys said you read it and means the
world and I was like why haven't I done
a giveaway on my channel about my book
so here I am I'm gonna tell you guys how
to wear it right now to wear this video
is very simple first off you have to be
subscribed to me so click the subscribe
button if you already have not and then
give this video a like and then go
down to the comments and say I would
totally read that and then that is it
that's all you're up to do it your
engine only comment once if I see you
commenting a bunch of times I'm gonna
not pick you as a winner
but just type it I totally would read
that and you are entered to win this
book I'm gonna pick three copies in the
comments in the beginning of next week I
did say I was gonna give away four so
I'm gonna give one on Instagram so
sometime this week I'm gonna just upload
a picture of me holding my book or
writing one in my book and I'll say this
is it comments so also you're gonna
leave one comment there it doesn't
matter what it is just leave one comment
and I'll pick a random Instagram winner
as well so that's four books three here
one on Instagram if you're younger than
18 make sure your parents that you're
entering um you can win anywhere in the
world and that's it I'm gonna pick the
winners and all now some beginning of
next week and also I get totally sign
this if you guys want me to I don't I
like to assume people want my autograph
so I'm not gonna say I'm gonna sign this
book for you but if you guys want it I
did get a lot of requests for that when
I sold them myself like a couple years
ago I can totally do that for you just
have to ask when I contact you as a
winner but that's it good luck if you
guys want to just say screw the contest
you can pick this up I think it's like
15 bucks on on the site that I sell it
and each Rock com you just go to Andy
Stratcom you can buy this and it's
Christmas so you can say hey mom and dad
I want this book or I have it on Kindle
the digital download things so um that's
like it's only ten bucks there you can
get it on an e-book but I just want to
say thank you to everyone who has
already read this and said super kind
words this is something that's super
personal and it means a lot so thank you
guys I hope you guys take the chance to
win my book I am writing a follow-up to
it right now and I are going to release
it next year
for the first time I'm actually writing
it to like I'm under way on it so but
that is it if you're unsure on any one
thing I just said I'll put all that
stuff in the info and I'm gonna go over
I think Justin Lana Kris here so
hopefully we get him to do a skateboard
trick I don't know but either way thank
you guys for watching I do love it and I
will see you tomorrow let's go to our
house you did turn the TV on and then
here's writing you turn the TV on let's
go to the White House you ready you
ready do a trick yes I am okay so do a
trick okay all right
yes I'm gonna be honest a Breton this
was a much slower process than I thought
yell scream scream Virginia okay well
good luck to people who are injured they
give away good luck
help you win you guys let you win thank
you for your trick oh thank you yeah I
didn't win oh man good luck thank you I
don't think I can
oh my god
No
