dude you have to do this this yes the
rail yes without oh man dude if I did
this is insane
you have to do it if I'm gonna eat it
I'm going to like go to the hospital
fall you have difference now I'm not
going to do all right all right if you
do this and you get hurt I will buy you
a ticket alot space I can plane the
plane to I guess if you get to the
hospital I will buy you a ticket plane
tickets I'll take it alright shake on it
I'll hold you to that I'm gonna get one
try
hey say already bought it oh nine one
one two
because they're right
where we are in Vegas sir avenge 58
sounds about right
and we started our day by eating this
like super spicy fries it was ridiculous
to sunrise they were called suicide
fries so I think we're just going to sit
down and hang out before we actually
start skating this park so we might just
do a montage on that first ninja up are
you ready to a sit-down montage yeah I'm
totally ready for that
all right cool oh yeah we just sat
around for a while what park is this JC
Park we're at JC park and we're gonna JC
some stuff whatever that means welcome
to Oceanside
Oh what are you good
oh dude this is the iconic black ninja
manual path Klondike but no cheesecake
no it's a pleasure to be here I've been
skating here for 13 years you've been
doing it well John Hill hey what's that
deed welcome to 58 pleasure to have you
you too pleasure to have you thanks
crosses
Doug Doug Doug my gaiter a dude come on
come on whoo so John Hill is gonna do a
board saw the video mid we want revenge
all right you're setting up a new
birthday Harris let's skate
quit asking me if my mom is ticklish I
don't know and even if I did I would not
tell you Oh what's up Alex yeah me yo I
gotta go I gotta go
you where you kept it from us kept what
from you kept footage of Kody and John
from us that's weird that's where you're
freaking out about the dumps yes you
kept it from us yes I feel more of them
oh you did yes you want to see it I do
yeah show it well click it my gosh thank
you I'm done I appreciate that
those are users don't we not get that on
my car please
my skateboard meet me for here at this
spot and we're skateboarding hey what's
good morning
Oh made to the end hey thank you oh so
good ah you killed it
Jordan I don't know if you actually fill
in anything from my camera but you
killed it Thank You Ryan shot photos
okay alright we are back again at the
core block everyone is talking about out
there to source gate so let's see what
happens we are here with John Hill at a
full block gap in Cincinnati all right
there it is there's John and there's
Casey
are you happy now I'm so happy that was
awesome there was the Cody and John
footage and Fran shape that I had to
clip in there that's pretty cool so you
want to wrap this episode up 58 needs to
be done yeah well we want we go back in
the day we did a three flip of the
shared through what are you doing I'm
streaming okay I'm streaming back in the
day Alex and I you and I I did a shared
three foot by three foot when you end it
and I would like to do it again down
this gap okay all right
get down for yes that was fun to do so
let's do it - skater three flip around -
brown is so bad that was bolts and you
just did not go anywhere
stop man ladies gentleman was we are
avenged 58 that went that one way
smoother yeah good pleasure doing it
with you and that's an episode except
before relief we are going to do it up
it now know or not know what we might
you
funny hey funny thing I've actually
fallen on my face on this video on this
video real bad it did hurl bad right I
landed it - though I'm gonna cut to that
footage
you
