we're here with me with me top 5 with me
alright sorry I had to do it again but
you know this is Jason Park and calm JP
calm Jason you can call them Emmett I
don't really don't carry calm but you
can call me it tonight okay last time I
swear but we're really to do it uh top
fives you ready to do this I'm ready
not my punch my body is ready uh top
five animals I do this with a few people
and I definitely do with you
cats first of all all time favorite
cutest although sometimes weird
personalities if you have a cat with the
best personality that's like top two
your pet ever yeah
so you place puppies are cool I guess
they have better personalities they're
slightly less cute but they have overall
better personalities I guess sometimes
sometimes their potential yeah
sometimes they suck bunnies which are
the opposite and I think bunnies are
actually one of the cutest animals out
there but just their personalities are
usually a little morning some bunnies
are really cool they're kind of like a
blank piece of paper
yeah we'll never have anything drawn on
it but it's they're just so adorable and
then I really like ferrets they're
really cute and v
I'm gonna go with guinea pigs I love
guinea pigs there's a really cute well
here this hamster plus yeah I'm stir
plus instead of doing top five tricks
we're gonna do top five most difficult
tricks top five most difficult that have
been done that I can do or they're just
in general in your opinion okay yeah top
five most difficult tricks that's a good
one say one will be front side heelflips
surprisingly hard front heels super I
don't know why just for like how easy
they should be for some reason they're
really tough they're easier switch yeah
they already they're either much easier
switch I agree for me personally
switchback 180s I don't know why it's
easier if you do switch back heel I feel
like I but just switch back 180s can't
do them Tara bottom front threes regular
somehow I don't understand how I mean
without tick tack absolutely again
easier switch for me yeah exactly easier
switch and front 3's without a tick
tacking
sanely hard that's three right yeah tail
grabs Ollie tail grabs really hard trick
for some reason pop Chava tail grabs
totally doable
Ollie tail grabs super hard for some
reason I have to try that yeah they're
like way harder than they should be
dude truck stands struck stands are so
hard it's like a Casper except and say
you're all yells on the truck truck
stands super hard trick all right that's
good yeah everyone could be googling
that like what what is that
yeah track stands are hard all right and
then on opposite the best tricks ever
done by anybody best tricks ever done by
anyone
oh that's good I like that Tony Hawk
could have done it okay Jamie Ellington
Jamie HF sorry I really loved 360 hard
flips and my favorite one was Jimmy
Carlin and I was like in Osiris tour
video and yeah Jimmy Carlin three hard
down like a double set that was like the
best one ever done in my opinion John
Mata happy medium one varial heel wall
ride down like a six tear on like a
total vertical wall two straight
vertical wall very low heel back wall
ride perfect did it perfect John Robb
John Robb more and nollie hippie jump
maybe medium three looked at out that
step you got it looked it up look all of
happy medium up but definitely watch
that yeah it's a last trick in this part
it's like a bike rack and he does an
ollie no flip just nollie hippie jump
and the board just rises up to the top
barely wide enough to like cruise board
good it was like girl skinny and you did
it go Miyagi in a video nasty anything
he does yeah he did this trick where he
goes I mean anything he does really but
he goes in the grass gets on his back
like Rollie pollie
and then like spins like roll does a
barrel roll with his body while keeping
his board off the ground and on his feet
while he's like lying down it's like the
craziest thing I don't know how he did
it
most of the stuff that he does it's like
it's really hard to explain yeah you
can't you just got to watch it go Miyagi
it's like geo you video it looks like
it's L do video Nastia una mas um I'm
gonna go with Oh Danny Gonzales there's
a ditch where it's like wall like Bank
wall bridge and he does a wall Ryan
adult yes on the roof of the bridge side
down well up side
on what roof ride melon grabs out pulls
out I think it was metal roof ride danny
gonzalez inverted ride your skateboard
roof right those are my picks top live
candy Oh
nerds rope I love nerds row you were so
ready this dude a sour watermelon Lee
hang sour candy is from like Hawaii
likely hang it's like this weird plum
powder thing out are tasty
they've added to like sour watermelon
and stuff it's like the most delicious
our girls the best yeah it is just
incredible well this is a good candy I
like butterfingers not as much now as I
used to because it just gets stuck in
with day and now far as chocolate goes
that's a solid choice in the same way
like when I was younger I was way more
into candy bars now it just gets stuck
in my teeth and yeah candy bars in
general not as much into but
Butterfinger for sure what's a white
rabbit
why do you know what why grabbed it I
mean I know what a white rabbit is
that's a candy yeah I guess it's a Asian
candy it's like it's got a little white
rabbit it's like a milk a milky milk
candy it's like a delicious get some
white rat Andy I'll try it white man
white rabbit top five places on earth
easily first place that I've ever been
to Hawaii
come on or rahbaniya way but definitely
Hawaii like by far I've been to some
crazy places I went to Europe for the
first time this year it was amazing but
no or will compared to Hawaii you can go
to the beach inland December January
yeah and we're going which we are going
to the beach you Ares second place
I like Arizona a lot and mainly as a
place like it's like whatever like if I
didn't skate I would never name it but
for skateboarding Arizona has some of
the coolest craziest spots I've ever
skated and good awesome people crazy
people
the Arizona like the Sun fries their
brains but it makes them way more
interesting and cool like so my best
friends are from Arizona they're like
the best humans ever I really liked when
I went to Hungary Budapest specifically
the recently this year that was awesome
had a great time there when I was in
Europe also Strasbourg was really cool
and finish it off you know I haven't
been there since 2007 but I went to
Colorado I liked it a lot okay yeah I've
never been there but I've heard like
good things about yeah I've only been
there once so it's hard to say but I I
remember loving it the memory of
Colorado is definitely on the list we'll
go with that top five activities to do
besides skateboarding no is there
anything else besides skateboarding
video games
yeah specifically Super Smash Bros music
does that count
listening to slash play enjoying
appreciating just music in general and
eating eating eating a binge eating yes
I would just die without it yeah later
hiking is cool yeah hiking in Hawaii I
mean anywhere really but in Hawaii it's
like really good there that seemed is
super fun hiking is awesome after my
fifth choice
I'll say watching skate video no that's
totally one dude yeah watching scape it
is cuz it's different the next game
because I'm obsessed with skating and
it's like the only thing in my life and
without it I'd be a useless pile of meat
contributing nothing to society I mean
amazing guy at the skate park sitting on
the bleachers not skateboard yeah that'd
be me alright well to wrap it up do you
want to go over and do one trick yeah
all right what trick you are I do not
care at all how bout you do a nollie
okay suppose B's is gonna do a trick on
here this is first try
do it dude whoa that's weird it's
raining go alright thank you for doing
this my friend my friend at Jason Park
sucks on Instagram follow him you'll
like what you see
and get behind this human being he's
awesome you're gonna see some weird
stuff on Instagram it's gonna skew the
boundaries of what's acceptable on the
internet you're gonna wish you were good
I wish I'm dead
done you're not Jason but do you want to
do a bonus book yeah sure
Doug rolled up switch success rod here
Jason
