hello hey hey you get over here get over
here would you like me to remove that
from your face okay Brad mmm what's up
guys so this is just a quick little
video wanted to ask you a question to to
just kind of reiterate some of the stuff
that I said in will last where else
Wednesday which went over the revive
winter line right hand me all of those
skateboards smart to do one by one what
I'm doing is I'm going to be doing my
winter set up a video here soon that's
when I make a new set up using the
winter skateboards but I thought about
making it a little more fun letting you
guys decide which deck I'd choose um so
I'm going to show you these decks these
come out tonight at midnight along with
a bunch of other stuff if you want to
see the other stuff watch the last two
where else Wednesday's I will link the
most recent one at the end of this video
and then about at the end of that video
will link use the one before it so you
get to see all the force and revive
stuff that's coming out but I'm going to
show you these decks you're going to go
down there and comment and tell me which
deck you want me to skate and then I'm
gonna just look at a bunch of the
comments and whatever I see the most of
I am going to use that as my next board
that's like a fun time do not wax the
skateboard our waffle you want to wax
the stairs yeah that doesn't help you
okay you know what this deck is called
what is it called
it's called the good life or hides
alright so yeah it's got a revive in one
bad night yeah well we get to that in a
second hold up you're born a
skateboarder you live a skateboarder and
then you know you die a skateboarder and
you're happy right is that happy ghost
happy Gillett that's a very happy ghost
all right so that's the good life is the
been the bad life not the Zap life so we
have a baby security guard we have a
dolt security guard that's kicking out
skateboarders and then we have a sad
ghost which uh and then the emblem down
there but that is the bad life right
alright next which is a lot of people's
personal favorite is the cat's life
right is this your favorite NEP gravy
vani you didn't know laughs and anything
and white and then he's a ghost and then
he's a ghost because cats all they do is
sleep so this is the cat light has the
purple emblem down there it's awesome
that is the life series done by JP
Cooper and it's awesome this is the
space space life line okay we got
stars got the revival iPhone of course
we have a little classic rock homage
right there if you know that what that's
referencing to then you get the moon
over there that is the space lifeline
and riding is laying on the next deck Oh
God
get up get up get up that's daddy's
graphic I don't know why this is my
graphic Maeby's because it's red what I
I came up with the idea it was really
hard I was like hey let's make a red one
that's basically all that happened so
this is the red color way of the broken
graphic I like this a lot but you guys
just saw it okay so we have the good
life the bad light of the cat light the
space life line and the red broken
graphic right here whatever you guys
want me to skate go down there and
comment and whatever is I see the most
being commented I'm gonna use my next
set of video okay another thing I wanted
to clear up is the Ames wrestler who
what is this on the shirt run as a what
Acme and he's saying ranch Wow they won
that 1950 and then he's a snake yep so
this is the Ames rattler here's a better
picture of it on me right now
that's me wearing it and a lot of people
are super turn the shirt and this is a
promo shirt the only way to get this is
if you buy a select skateboard this
weekend okay it's while supplies last
you have a decent amount of these if we
don't give all of them away over the
weekend we'll probably do a special
later of the month with it but you're
not able to buy this shirt that's the
important thing
in the spring we'll probably release a
different version of this shirt eight up
for sale yeah but this is a promo shirt
so you have to get a select few decks
this weekend in order to get this shirt
and these are the decks we have the
pro-life lines Erin and Doug okay get
either one of those it gets it free we
got the Doug and Aaron wax decks right
there do you like those oh yeah okay so
if you get either one of these these
will also come with the Eames rattler
and then if you get the dude series so
uh if you're getting kicked out you say
dude give me one more try you can hold
your board up dude I'm not going to sue
you because everyone thinks that you're
out to sue them when you're on a
skateboard and then if you're putting
your friend in the skate dude I'll just
take a letter so if you buy any one of
those decks this weekend it comes with
for free but when you're checking out
make sure you click what size you want
there'll be a little option when you're
selecting your deck size
aim is rattler and you have to pick
small medium or large so please pick
that because it won't give it to you
unless you actually select your shirt
but that is it guys
definitely comments I would bored I
should skate and all this stuff happens
at midnight tonight Eastern Standard
Time so as soon as it's Black Friday
here in Cincinnati all this stuff is up
for grabs on the Shred quarters calm if
you want to see all of the stuff the
link at the end of this will be the
where else Wednesday with their bus and
then from that one you can get to the
force warehouse Wednesday and all is
good
say comment comment say happy birthday
I think bullet day yeah so like that's
it guys
happy Thanksgiving to everyone who's
celebrating Thanksgiving right now and
if you're not sober in Thanksgiving
happy thanks to to everybody else who's
not so bidding Thanksgiving
either way happy day we'll see you guys
later good bye bye Dale you were going
to be in a metal band when you get older
I'm calling it right now
by what his hand okay he's down bye-bye
he's actually saying ranch
hey wait yeah there we go you got it
you
