yeah I'm fixing the sticker oh it's good
now okay yeah go warehouse Wednesday to
no one why is that right names because
it removes time
yeah well it's Wednesday is warehouse
Wednesday Black Friday's release on this
Friday is Black Friday it is again yeah
so we're gonna go inside we're gonna
tell you guys about what you're gonna
get on Black Friday with Rome who from
the firm arrived there you go
revived holiday line winter line shut up
Andy revived winter line is coming out
this Black Friday when basically
Thanksgiving night to Kay when it
switches over to Friday
Eastern Standard Time we got some stuff
coming out and we're gonna show you it
right now okay brownies
would you like to unveil first this this
is my favorite so you want to do the
best first yes okay the wax whatever
what emblem wax well show it to us come
on don't just yeah there you go emblem
wax and I've been in the works for a
very long time I'm very very happy
that's actually used to have the heart
wax which is kind of cool but now we
have a different heart wax and this is
the shape of our emblem logo yes we have
well they're called Soundwave somewhere
French Amber's made these ever they're
moving stuff loudly yeah these are your
buds so you put them in your ear and the
audio coming from your phone or any sort
of device goes through the wire into
your ears what are you gonna listen to
on them right GG Allin no no but we
shopped around to get some decent
headphones for a while and we wanted to
keep the price down while presenting a
you know a decent sound to your ears so
we're psyched on how they turned out
yeah they sound really good they're red
and white and then they have they have
the little emblem symbols on them we're
emblem out this this season why'd you
just keep the accessories going Brian
your cell phone cases we have cell phone
cases so yeah we got I put 5 5 s 6 and
6s which is like just 2 sizes really
right yep ok so boom you got in the
broken graphic right there in red
basically when you wear this you will
get arrested for wearing it yes no just
this yeah I really don't want imagine
that thanks Brian super grip tape so
revived doesn't make doesn't make grip
tape but we did collab with the other
company that we do
named AM grip this is Doug dissing sales
company
yeah we did a you know it has the am
grip saying it says am grip but then it
has the emblem logo right there cool and
will amount a lot of emblems yeah a lot
of emblems hex
we got a hats Holies are going to go
fast so we got two colorways that are
very similar this is the navy blue this
is the black and obviously has the
tie-dye bill how many of these we have
like 100 200 and we have a hundred of
each and as much as that sounds a lot
these will go fast so grab it while you
can but it's pretty cool we're gonna
probably up these by the spring we might
even have a different version of it for
the spring but either way if you want to
now get them fast because these aren't
gonna long oh yeah am grippers I had to
that's this is amazing it looks so good
yeah couldn't you just see doing a
nollie heelflip on it yeah right there
we're switching we're switching
Doug designed this and it came out
really awesome so definitely a Doug hat
it's the most dork and if you wanna look
like Doug gazelles get that has oh boom
we got the broken graphic in blue how
this came to be is that we needed a
pullover hoodie and I was like oh we
should do this we should change it to
blue and that was like a 5 second
decision and now it's be created I like
how it came out it looks great it looks
good if you wear this you wear it so we
got the red lifeline with the gold
graphic it's it's very seasonal okay
this will never exist again so if you
like this get it what you can I think if
we do another one of those it'll be like
a black or white logo but right now gold
bling bling is only happening this
season what do we have next shirt we
have it we have the space lifeline you
got the lifeline you got some stars on
there you got a moon basically you wear
this out on a date and the girl will
feel a little romantic and that's that's
what you want the vibe okay right you
want the vibe to be that way or if
you're a girl wearing it the guy will
probably be like this is getting hot and
heavy it'll be great okay but if you
don't want that vibe maybe get the red
light just saying what the red shirt
yeah alright honest keyboards hey how
hungry are you show was the skateboards
all right you guys knew about this
you've been paying attention but this is
the broken graphic with the red colorway
umm it's pretty cool it basically looks
like how the clothes I wear like they're
really except I'm wearing gray jeans I
mask that whole thing up but I usually
wear black in every season we do a new
lifeline and I'm pretty psyched on this
one this is the space lifeline so you
got the moon this coincides with the
shirt that you just saw it is we have a
little a reference right here that you
might get if you don't go listen some
classic rock and then
yeah that's pretty cool though these
stars are kind of sparkly and I don't
know if you can tell but there's over
there who's calling you my wife is
calling me I'm gonna I'm gonna ignore my
wife right now right now I'll call you
back you might assume this if Sam on Sam
Davis channel cuz I told him not to show
anyone and the next day he showed it
blatantly in his video so you might have
heard seen it yes if they went Thank You
Brett Novak for the assist on that yeah
really psyched only how they came out
though that's good that's gonna be a
popular deck so I was stressing out on
the new series for the winter line and I
got a random idea like what if we did
this and this is what it turned into
this is the good luck this is the good
life okay so you got the emblem because
what wouldn't have an emblem this season
and then you're born a skateboarder you
skate a skateboarder and you die a
skateboarder and you're happy okay
mm-hmm there you go
we'll get that graphic good life good
life now on to the bad life on to the
bad life okay you're born a security
guard you live a security guard and then
you you're a ghost and you're sad
because you were just a security guard
your whole life and cranky and then
Amblin kicking out skateboards kick it
out skateboards don't do it
skateboard yeah what are you saying this
is a good one this is also gonna be very
popular can't live the cat life okay
you sleep you sleep and then they die
that's what cats do you're happy the
whole time though oh yeah dude look at
that look at that little face even
though he's healing he led a good life
I'm pretty sure he's happy when he's
dead
very very happy yeah so JP Coover did
the life series and we're really psyched
on how they came out we lay yeah mm-hmm
they rule so thank you JP I hope you
guys dug those skateboards we have a few
more projects to show you though we have
a shirt coinciding with the good life
deck I've got a black shirt I like this
shirt a lot and then look born you live
you die happy revived Brian's face last
but definitely not least we have a new
sticker pack it's more like a bring back
the sticker on an updated so he got rid
of the beta sticker pack earlier in the
year and then we redid it so you're
gonna get be able to get the silver
stickers again the the foil silver
stickers that we've always had and then
we did a broken sticker and then this is
my favorite sticker we've done maybe
ever
this is to promote the next revived
video which comes out this time next
year and take over the world boom right
there got the emblem of course was it
the emblem this is the emblem season so
that you get that you get four of the
foils and then you get three of the
other two that is the winter line oh
yeah brighten that we actually forgot to
mention that
last week when we unveiled the force
products but boom these right here I got
the idea to do black glossy shades with
white lenses and that was a cool idea
except when you get them you can't
really see out of them so these are kind
of like gag glasses if you may do not at
all operate anything any mode of
transportation don't do not operate
anything yeah don't even don't even play
video games these on they're just kind
of goofy sunglasses we're not going to
get them back in stock so if you like to
look on these granted your face might
look better than these than my dumb face
but oh yeah these are the white outs
right as I just named these you do it is
the white outs in a limited supply of
these but when they're gone they're gone
know that these are a gag gift and do
not do anything that could be in it put
you in a situation with these own
because they do hinder vision a little
bit when you wear them in the Sun
they're a little better but I mean I can
see you know I could just see a lot
better with any other sunglasses than
this you guys want this right this is
part of the Black Friday special it goes
through two cyber monday and basically
when you order a specific few decks you
get this shirt for free there's a
limited supply we have a few hundred of
them but when they're gone they're gone
there it is I'm wearing it okay I got
the chance to draw Brian Eames as a
rattlesnake and put it on a shirt which
is probably one of the better things
I've done with my life so you get that
deck that deck that deck Aaron Connor
lifeline Doug does tells lifeline Aaron
Cara wax or Doug just tells wax you'll
get this shirt for free all weekend okay
this just comes with it you don't to buy
anything extra and then boom you have
your free limited edition Brian Eames
rattlesnake shirt it's actually called
the Eames rattler there's an option when
you're on the on the decks to be able to
select the sheet of the shirt it's free
but if you don't select a size you won't
get shirt so you got to make sure you
select one of them don't just leave a
blank or anything or just you know we're
ready note saying what size it is
selected it's free make sure you select
your shirt or you don't get it there you
go
some other black friday cyber monday
deals are all orders domestically over
$100 get free shipping so if you're here
in the states and you spend a hundred
bucks or more the shipping is on us and
then if you're internationally and you
order $150 worth of stuff you get a free
beanie and then if you are domestic and
you order $125 for the stuff you
get a free pair of sunglasses did I get
all that out okay so boom we're really
psyched to do all this it all happens on
the shred quarters dot-com Thursday
night okay as soon as Black Friday hits
Eastern Standard Time all this stuff is
ready to go and it's gonna be good the
sales will be good all weekend until it
switches over till Tuesday okay so all
through Monday Friday Saturday Sunday
Monday all these deals are good and some
of this stuff might go fast so I suggest
to get it before earlier the better but
we have a lot of decks in stock so
you're gonna be able to get something
throughout the holiday season we want to
say thank you so much to all you guys
who support us and make this possible
we're actually gonna expand and get a
bigger warehouse next year that's the
plan with a concrete part all the
support that you guys give us we're
putting back into content which goes to
you guys so we got some tours this next
year we're doing we're doing the east
coast or and hopefully a West Coast tour
at the end of the year so a lot of
things are in plan for the bottom row
heart thank you for all the love and
support you show us we're gonna make
these guys do a trick I'm sick I'm not
feeling that well so I'm proud I can
escape but we'll do a trick or two and
then we'll call this video a video all
right yep can't feet where your feets
are let's go yeah
yeah dude you guys back-to-back it was
amazing and Casey you're back man I can
tell so you guys go this Black Friday at
midnight technically Thanksgiving
evening nights whatever you call it uh
when the clock strikes midnight on Black
Friday that's when it all comes out so
you put this in the Instagram sure
