you - what is up guys so I recently hit
700,000 subscribers which is a ton isn't
it yeah and I'm super super thankful for
that and I'm about to tell you how
thankful I am but first we're gonna have
a little fun and we're gonna do some
Cakery I was gonna do a different type
of caking video the ride and really
wanted to get smashed in the face we
have a PI right here
okay and he wants to get smashed and I
was like well you're gonna have to get
earned the the PI smashing in the face
so I made a little quiz for him there's
ten question challenge things right here
and he's you get six of them right and
we get six of them right I get to smash
a pie in his face if he doesn't get six
more right he has a smashing in my face
or someone's gonna get pied here and
it's gonna be fun so are you ready for
me to do the challenges right now okay
I'm gonna ask him then you got to tell
me you got it do it alright are you
ready for the challenge I'm ready
alright let's do this the pie challenge
begins no no no okay your first question
challenge is to name three Avengers you
got to name three Avengers you know who
they are
who's your favorite one Oh Captain
America there's one name two more uh-huh
one more ah ah uh he's not an Avenger
yeah keep going yeah Thor there you go
you rocked it alright it's one you've
got one you gotta get five more okay
alright
who is Luke Skywalker's sister
you don't know give me a ten seconds one
guess come on Anakin is Luke's sister
Antechinus Luke's dad Leia is Luke's
sister you knew that one correct one
incorrect let's keep going
all right name two dinosaurs um um a key
back that's one yes remember you
remember you named your cat after this
what the red cat next year yeah
pterodactyl there you go t-rex is okay
to correct one incorrect let's keep
going
all right name three skateboard tricks
ah Polly that works and dad family
rolling down a ramp is on the trick
five-o five-o that works okay one more
oh man
fakie nail slip what what dad's not a
trick never here come on you got this
buddy
yes save a boardslide there you go so
Ollie five-o and a boardslide that works
three correct one incorrect let's keep
going all right your next challenge is
to sing the paw patrol song paddle pop
your finger I'm about hi go call for
help okay that'll pass hey how is it one
two three four four correct one
incorrect let's keep going all right
name three Mario characters Oh Luigi if
I am and Mario who does Mario ride on
he's green no he is not ride on Luigi
Yoshi there you go and sing one Coheed
song do it
kornel back away bangs wall there
you go that was good that is quality
eraser Gary hit the rock drop with your
hand
are you get busted six you just did it
will ask that will do the rest of them
for bonus questions okay congratulations
you are officially gonna get high
that was good he had six right I made
these two easy apparently I helped him a
little bit he's my son I got two ridin
who are you gonna call no the correct
answer is Ghostbusters identify the
parts of a skateboard you sit here tell
us what each part is what is this called
um no okay
what are these yeah what CAC yes okay
what is this real and what's inside it
um yeah why you rocked that okay and
just FYI this is hard where to I don't
think you knew that hardware and then
what's this stuff called wow you really
knew that alright and the last question
is who do I love that is right you all
right you ready to go get pied yeah
alright we ready go to the warehouse and
get pie let's go well yeah go do this
alright yeah I'm gonna do it too you
think so I think you do the only kid
that gets this site to get smashed in
the face with a pie ridin get in
position over here the time has come
riding are you ready I'm gonna smash you
right in the face of this pile this is
different than cake it's gonna be like
whoo that are you ready alright come on
over here Sarah here okay one two three
four we shouldn't do it watch God do
okay I'm just kindom skin kid what is
your favorite color
um I'm white Wow good look you look at
it look at when you look at you got here
that you don't even that messy don't
lemon meringue daddy
hahaha all right well we lit it right
there all right look at the camera say
thanks for 700,000 subscribers final
seven hundred thousand seven hundred
libel
thank you for seven hundred subscribers
oh I'm trying to save myself here no uh
buddy alright you want to do it you want
to do it to me come on it was like okay
okay okay okay okay alright you're about
to slip in lemon meringue but seriously
guys I every single time I hit a new
100,000 mark it's just it's unreal like
I just it's like wow this is still going
it means the world like it's literally
changed my life you guys watch my videos
and I've been able to turn into like a
career and whatnot and with the
companies it just means a lot on the
bottom my heart and he loves it because
he gets to keep getting caked in the
face uh-huh but thank you I will keep
doing daily videos so if you want to see
more from me hit the subscribe button
either way I love doing what I'm doing
and so does he we have a lot of fun
making videos and they keep doing it so
thank you next time if we hit a 800,000
subscribers I think I'm gonna do a
drive-by caking but until next time guys
I'll see you tomorrow cuz I do daily
videos riding you what do you got
anything you wanna say to YouTube bye no
you just do not do not stop stop stop
stop sons of Hamor new rule do not touch
anything when you have cake or pie or
whatever it is on your hands alright say
bye bye eat it and I've done
the bonus pot I'm gonna smash a cupcake
and my dad fake that's what you gotta do
all right no that is not the face that's
the hair no no no no no you are way done
you are way too say you're done what's
gone no no no do not eat that either
we're here to go goodbye
