the saddle give you two but what is up
guys finally we are back with another
can we shred it and we are going to go
to Goodwill and we're gonna find
something weird that we can skateboard
on or at least try to and look dumb in
the process and we're gonna bring back
here and skate it
we got his stupid wig we got the
normal-looking Bryan Ames and uh let me
let's go anyone knows where this came
from
comment down below people think that is
literally your hair sometimes people
think I don't mean yeah there's been
some comments that are like well who's
noticed her yeah yeah yeah like dude
what's up with your hair Wow Jordan
hunters come in today too so it's gonna
be good have we got Craig to make a good
crew honey oh yeah he's got a drive why
would we get buggies give your car keys
on you right now no all times in my life
I have my car keys I my wallet I have my
phone have I ever lost any of these no
it doesn't about me they have like from
a merry-go-round like I like a horse
from a merry-go-round over there like
like a perfect flat bar
we have one of those we be at Goodwill
this is a great will was crappy day
you'd never think this is like three
days before Christmas judging by the
parking lot yeah you would my Christmas
shopping right now you could just
imagine how this got this wrinkly and
you wouldn't like it's slim pickings
today it's so we found this this
treasure chest it's cheap but it feels
like a good hold us and then we found
this which goes to show you you can make
a skate box out of anything that's not
true at all but I think we're gonna make
a goodwill skate box let's go
that's harder than I actually get hit
myself pretty hard that loud
it was on a couch did not go with that
couch it's quite too long isn't it the
lady at Goodwill would not sell us the
angle iron so we went to the hardware
store and got a room we had we had to
come into the treasure chest we got the
stuff finally I think we're ever gonna
get back here stupid stuff
goodbye Craig if you watch the future I
tried to say goodbye to you right now
and you walked away so
juices uh Liz Claiborne gosh does not
fit she's made for a very tiny person
dislike this is a list Claybourne
someone online is like that is actually
worth like four hundred dollars I don't
know why I was a goodwill but you're
ruining it
here's Alex get on the treasure chest
Wow
was that in there why do you always find
something Brian is putting double-sided
tape and we're gonna hopefully get it to
stick to the box this is kind of like a
DIY skate box go to Goodwill spend
thirty nine bucks go to the hardware
store spend ten bucks realize that if
you would have spent that money on an
actual lumber you would it be a field of
a better box but right now this is what
we got we also got the dumb we also got
the number four for Hoover does the
better tricks Jordan you're probably
gonna get the number four
although ouch is pretty good at stupid
stuff that's how much it was how much
$30 isn't it maybe it's a cooler
opportunity like no time at all right
all right you guys do the first grinder
grind I have no idea if this thing's
gonna hold up but right now we find out
if we can shred it
went right over my eyeballs
you just died
I don't understand how that possible
yeah amazing
claybournes are hard to skate in I can't
move my arms at all
they're both doing good Alex and Jordan
and here's Thomas with a makeup bag
I it's gonna be hard for me to like a
trick better than that one
that was so good dude he fell really
hard oh we did let's care about him
watch this watch this
I'm gonna challenge one more one more
thing if we set this as like an
extension of the manor ham could you do
like maybe like a blip no whoa hold on
careful no but I got John tricks don't
come into this warehouse unless you're
ready to bring the SAP that's short for
savage use it brand new ties this it
everything's a Claybourne I would like
to just say that this thing is super
light and I never thought it was gonna
be this durable I shock you made you
guys find a treasure chests at Goodwill
it's good
Oh
Judy was bending so much it's like I
just tracked it
me dude you freaky killed that thank you
yeah it's done boxed whoa
it's I guess it's a it's a bear trap for
skateboarders
that was way better of a session I
thought it was as it usually is I was
gonna give you the floor until he hit
the mini rim
Oh destroyed it yeah so we'll give you
here you get full I guess and you get
her right perfect
okay thank you guys for watching I hope
you guys dug that it's been a while for
this as a series and we usually find
something super goofy so next time
hopefully they'll have something just
out of this world no this world out of
this weird out of this weird that is
just fun to skate but we had fun with
this we hope you guys liked it all of
these dudes channels and social medias
are right down the info I urge you to
check that mail they all have really
cool content and we have fun with this
so hey you guys for watching I do videos
here all time myself sir the SUBSCRIBE
button right below the video for me and
we will see you guys very soon I cannot
wait to see this Clairborne
claymore off I've been taking away the
value of it and I mean I really did put
on
can we get hero shot in super slo-mo
