youtube what is up guys it is giveaway
time didn't do one last week but I'm
back this week to do it this week I'm
going to be giving away some force gear
we have some new of the strike wheels we
got a black background now makes a pop a
little bit a little bit can't talk this
is a 53 millimeter wheel it's awesome
hard Street formula is skates great i
love these wheels we also have the new
version of the pebble suck wheels this
is a 50 20 millimeter red colorway both
of these sets of wheels depending on
what size you get is like it's a
different color but this is this is the
nicest second one because it's red look
at that and then I also have the new
knockout tea if you guys want to see
this you can go to the store but it's
got a big like square with the with this
force / logo kind of knocked out if
that's why it's called knockout so um
I'm gonna be giving away this stuff but
i won't giving away one right here okay
the other i'm going to be giving away on
you now I've been doing live streams on
the application you now okay it's like a
you know it's a live stream application
I guess you could put that together I'm
stupid but yeah you tell on the app or
you can go to directly like the URL you
now calm / a nice rack and you can watch
my livestreams as they happen you can
talk to me it's really really cool I
love doing it and I thought it would be
a really fun way to like talk to you
guys and give away some stuff at the
same time so right now I'm going to be
giving away you know this set of wheels
right here okay this is a strike wheels
I'm go down there leave a comment and
say I want those wheels okay only leave
one comment and I see you leave the book
left a bunch I'm not going to pick you
as a winner but i'll pick a comment
randomly to win those and then I'll
contact you here on youtube but with
these with the pebble suck wheels and
then the new knockout shirt I'm going to
give away on you now and i'll be doing
live streams all week when I do these
live streams I'll give you guys a heads
up on instagram facebook and twitter so
you guys will get like a heads up like
an hour or two before it happens so i'll
do my normal live stream sometimes we do
skate sessions sometimes video games the
skates a lot of times we'll just do q
and A's where we talk to you guys and
tell stories and stuff but either way at
the end of these live streams throughout
the week I'm going to do two of the live
streams I do this week I'm going to be
giving these away and i'll tell you in
the actual live stream so if you want a
chance to win the other two items you're
going to have to download you now on
your smartphone and then just add me
it's a search Andy schrock it's my name
it's right here on the screen search
that and then you'll be able to like
it'll get notifications when I go live
to sort of like pop money friendly and
ease lies so you'll know to tune in and
i usually do them for about a half hour
and i'm going to do the giveaways at the
end of the lives
that is it you know because I'm going to
tell you how to win the other two on the
actual live stream but definitely
download the application you now and add
me and then or the very least we want to
get involved and watch these and you
don't have a smartphone you can always
just watch it from a computer you now
calm / a nice truck but right now get in
the comments and just say I want those
wheels and you'll be entered to win
these wheels if you're younger than 18
make sure your parents know you're
entering because you're gonna have to
give me your address if you win and then
you can wear anywhere in the world i
will ship these as long as you have an
address oh and i'll pick the winner for
these early next week when i do another
video and i will now something here on
youtube oh and if you're interested in
buying this stuff this stuff all is
released along with all the other new
for survive stuff on black friday on the
schrenkers calm so you can go there and
check out all the for stuff that was
announced last week's where else
wednesday and then all the revived stuff
will be announced new where else
wednesday so tune in for that but right
now that is it good luck with the
contest guys I'm gonna go film these
guys skate for a second because people
are skating in shred quarters right now
and then we will call this video we'll
call it a video I'm gonna be done with
it the challenge is but one didn't tell
me tell us who you are jayla yeah people
not you Garrett what's your name I'm
Garrett cool okay got you guys got to do
tricks one each hey you got to do trick
too oh man I got the pressure on Oh
leaking some leaking some products
wow that was amazing that's pretty good
the Christmas tree ghetto as you said
good luck good luck with with the
giveaway with the giveaway say Garrett
Smith or that works any better
you out of here we are out of here cool
trick and take off tricky and take off
yeah bolts and bounce I can keep doing
it I can keep going
you
