all right you guys already probably knew
who that was that was Sam Tabor um he is
my teammate and great friend but I'm
just really proud of how much
progression this dude has shown as I
started to skate with him he's really
turned into his own unique skateboarder
so I was like hey Sam let me like
feature you on my channel I don't often
do that with the actual teammates I have
so he put together a bunch of handful
tricks that have never seen the light of
day on my channel and that was them so
if you liked what you saw click the
bottom link you will see more skating
like that and then a lot of goofy skits
and weird videos but it's all
entertaining so click that link and
check them out if you're already not
subscribed to him I do daily videos here
myself so click the top link for you but
mainly check out Sam or samer that's it
goodbye
you
