it's fall Friday I'm in gosh that was me
yes I was the one falling like I'm like
I don't even know what to call that but
that was me the good thing about
featuring yourself in a fall Fridays I
can tell you exactly how I felt and what
I what I was thinking and I can be
honest I was not thinking that much it
kind of happened really fast it's like
when you hit a banana peel and mariokart
know I knew that because you see that
coming
and you still hit it you always hit the
freaking banana peel when you know it's
right there figure adrift right around
it but you don't because Yoshi sucks
don't pick Yoshi in Mario Kart I mean
he's alright but in Mario Kart Yoshi
sucks that was me I hit the freakin
invisible banana peel on that ledge and
my leg shot up into the sky Hey look at
this picture why is my leg that high it
should not be that high unless I am
chun-li from Street Fighter 2 I should
my legs should not be parting ways in
that fashion it's got an odd sensation
though because like when I was up into
the air I had a moment where like this
is going to suck it's like when you're
about to get a shot you know you're like
you're staring at it you close your eyes
because if yeah I mean you're smart
that's what I do at least I close my
eyes before I get a shot and then you
wait for it and I in that moment that I
was floating above the ledge like
chun-li I waited for it and all sudden
boom I got a pile drive to the butt
cheek it was not that forgiving it did
not feel good at all and if you think
for one second I'm not gonna use this as
a chance to use a wrestling move on
myself you're crazy and since this is
2015 I have to do the RKO we've got a
black ninja I hope you like that okay
but there was actually I've been having
a lot of these Falls lately like just
yesterday I had one similar except that
jumped higher landed like on my tailbone
so I don't know I'm really good I'm
really good about wrestling move my butt
into a skate obstacle and does not feel
good I'm getting sick and tired of it
and I would like to tell you guys that I
learned from my mistakes but I did not
okay I went on to get used to fall even
more
but crack like crack city
apparently hurting myself wasn't enough
so I hurt Casey - yeah hit yeah sorry I
took his ankle rub right there and I
felt bad ok I went home and I read some
books I didn't like his punishment I was
like you know what I'm gonna read I
never know what book I don't like read
the baby-sitters club what's up I've
never read one of those suck I've no
idea either way it was a bummer girl
let's look out Casey's ankle he was okay
too but it didn't feel good at the
moment he sat down and he was like Andy
this hurts and I was like I'm sorry
here's a Halloween treat did not give
him any Halloween treat I'm just making
that up but fYI if you see me looking
like I have eyeliner on it's because I
was a vampire the night before at a
Halloween party and the next day he
didn't clean off so well okay so I was
just that guy that looked like he had
makeup on at the skate spot also another
thing - whoa this falls that is
extremely good in slow motion with some
epic music to go along maybe some
classical music okay and then when I hit
the ledge it changes all right it
changes the mood changes everything okay
it changed my life my bus life at least
there you go I was able to keep skating
it didn't prevent me from skating the
rest of the day so that was good I
landed the Figge flip tail slide I was
actually that was like more I'm warm-up
trick and I was trying to some techie
stuff which I landed one really good
trick that I want to hit cleaner for my
video part but I'm not gonna show you
that I will show you the fakie flip tail
and then I'll show you some other tricks
that if you've been watching my channel
recently you've seen but just for those
of you who want to see me land tricks
here it is and that is it I hope you
guys dug this is this fall Friday I do
fall Fridays every other Friday
typically and I already have one lined
up which is way more brutal than this
this fall was entertaining it all but
the next one is kind of like Oh makes
you like it makes you so it's stay tuned
but I do daily videos so hit the
subscribe button if you're gonna already
subscribe to me and I will see you guys
tomorrow and I don't even know how I'm
gonna end this I don't know Ryan
chambers Star Wars right now Ryan
chambers how are you doing today well
how are you would you rather a fly your
own x-wing or make out with four jawas
Jawas really yes
do you really mean that yes okay
Casey hey Casey what are you doing over
there maybe a smile dude hey I'm sorry
for hitting your ankle in this video I'm
sorry for eating your ankle
what would you be more intimidated to
fight okay ten stormtroopers or fifty
Jawas jealous
