I'm waiting for riding to go the
bathroom before I change him and I just
realized that he put sour patch kids and
a Batman in my end table that's what
happens when you have a three-year-old
boy you find random sour patch kids and
Batman both the things are amazing so
I'm not complaining why'd you put those
in there dad I want your cute boom too
slow maybe this could fix Casey's back
so I'm gonna aim for your up we roll
your upper body buzz is where the burb
you move your face and those kind of
feel good yeah we go I like Manish upper
button Casey that was not so if you
followed air in Cairo carrot juice saga
yesterday I got ran over by a lawn mower
we found out today so that's
heartbreaking we're gonna frame it that
we're gonna put it in a frame on the
wall somewhere was I'm less than one
hundred and ninety six days yeah it's
pretty good hey good job that's how long
it takes Erinn car to clean something up
more than that
just in case you everyone get abducted
by aliens it's right here in this light
shirt off too why did you roll all the
way over here just take your shirt off I
didn't because you're out rolling you
were like but but but kind of continue
to roll cake field test Brian ground is
so bad Oh bad luck oh my yeah dude you
did tap but that was it that was good I
cannot believe you were we were there
and I'm thoroughly impressed oh my gosh
that was it just look at you got you got
a BBQ Chomp Chomp Chomp Chomp Chomp stop
that's the most annoying thing I could
have done
i miss Oh miss ugh whatever we'll do it
on cases will get in the face so yeah
you got that second pattern needs some
fixing buddy brighton why where's the
Hulk's arms well yeah everything
somewhere that's right follow to Rick's
oh you know but oh
now press ok go over who you have Pikmin
look at all those pigment all of that
but you do have them all the right there
I'm on all the different one oh well you
got to collect more think I'm gonna I
think I'm better now ok I think I'm oh I
just got hit by blast your bias toward
river oh I'm a goner again and you don't
care I'm talking are you the storms
river that got me know are you a good
stir are you did you get blasted 20 what
are we gonna do we're just two dudes
have been blasted by storm troopers I
thought you got blasted her how are you
up and running around
dude you know good ingredients like
actual ingredients is not bad for you
you can just get a taco and you're good
to go we're gonna get a burrito and be
really psyched on life in chipotle pavey
because I just said that from the bottom
of my heart
you
