warehouse Wednesday your niddy brian
chambers what are you doing here I don't
know we're sitting on a bench it's not a
bitch bench allegedly okay this is a
special warehouse Wednesday this is to
unveil the winter line for force wheels
Black Friday is gonna come and we're
gonna release a lot of product for
forced to enter vibe this week we're
gonna show you all the four stuff and do
a few tricks and then let you be on your
way so Brian Ames you're gonna pick the
first product and tell them about it two
colors ways of this PT maroon beanie and
a white beanie with the four slash logo
on it and this is a little slightly
bigger than our older beanies right
yes something slapped me so it'd be so
you can watch it you swatch it you
thinking about slouching is that you
have more room for a bigger head but if
you have a small head is still worse you
just slouch yeah what's up next for
socks oh we got them tied it slaps leg
on the other side y'all come in large
it's like a standard human beings but
you know the really cool thing about
these is that when you're skating it
just hold your foot okay and it's a very
secure feeling when you're skating your
foots right there it's not going
anywhere okay a lot of times if you have
bad socks it falls out yeah this won't
happen for socks for socks paint graphic
it's on a green shirt I like this
graphic on YouTube brian chambers did
that over where the femur is there when
you don't want him to and then he's not
there when you do want to know
awesome I like it here I think you're
wearing this t-shirt in like the the
tension heard around the world
you probably all I've seen this shirt
there it is JP Cooper made it it says a
foe risk yeah okay
so that's what that says it's pretty
cool to make big graphic block block
logo I hope so because that's what we're
saying right now this is a nice graphic
that's a graphic that's the knockout a
knockout doubt oh it is good he's got
the big four slash knocked out of the
square and then it has a blue of force
wheels I have my own very limited
edition red one and it's my favorite
shirt I've ever had in a long time since
the last shirt I liked them better than
this that's a good shirt we got I pulled
over hoodie this is the I think it's
ready the square driving actually I
don't know this is our polar bear hoodie
is a navy blue you put this on Casey
we'll call you your house
all your house we put it on it'll be
good and now you're warm you're totally
warm yeah and if you angle it right you
can put Brian Eames small head on the
hoodie Ron Ryan says before you put your
head up they say I'm gonna go to the
store to get some milk oh this is a good
one new tool I'm gonna pull it out I'm
pretty hyped on this one new silver
collab tool and it's actually silver
with force yep so it's cool it's got the
ratchet everything you need to put a
board together it's got the little grip
tape thingy got a little tool on it and
it's platinum okay
you walk into a jewelry shop and they're
gonna think you stole it because it's
that nice here have it don't steal it
from the shore on the shore you shop
other people got mad at you when you
didn't use the top of the tool first I
know yours is because not every
skateboard has that and I live here so
long it's great over better it works so
much better but that's there and even
eat it skip to the meter that's Casey is
your phone ringing but it should be a
cell phone case to put on it we have
cell phone cases guys so those are four
wheels but sighs it does it fit oh man 5
5 s 5 s 6 6 s so there if you have one
of those iPhones you can get a force
phone case and it's kind of moldy it's
like a jelly version of it so it's not
like the hard plastic kind of no that's
really tight actually that's a good case
ok there's now on this review he drop
his old one
and if the phone is right we're done oh
my gosh Hank now the moment we've all
been waiting for
let's start with matrix wheels we're
bringing a black back to a black order
than black back so these come in 52 s
and 53 s make how Harrell Ming
there's the matrix and Brian is face
your color weights for the hills fifty
to fifty ones for threes new colorways
and they look awesome dude I love you
review this 4x series so now they have a
black background to give it a little
more pop but they're still in a white
wheel which are most people's favorites
every size is gonna have a different
colorways so this is not all the sizes
so 51 is purple 53 is blue 52 I think is
red and all you know 53 56 they're all
gonna have different colors so check out
the site and see what we got going on 53
55 I mean do physics anymore
I'll check the site I don't even know we
have this is exciting
new pebble sucks we redid it a little
bit JP did it and he made it look
awesome same idea though every size is
gonna have a different colorway so check
the site to see what your colorway is
going to be for the size of wheel that
you want so you have 50 through 55 again
I think and now we have something really
exciting okay it's been a long time
talking people asking us if this was
gonna happen and it is Kyle Kinane
camera Doug and Aaron Cairo there are
the only two pros on force and they have
a new wheels with their names on it so
let's talk about Aaron's of course he's
got carrot juice on it yes why wouldn't
it be the most unintentional thing that
I've ever made famous you mean it comes
in 50 and 50 to a green graphic on white
wheel it has a spilled carrot juice
saying his name I think the same day
that these came in the carriages got ran
over it yeah it was like the same day
yeah people don't believe in magic
Doug desert sells we've got Pete's on
his wheel I don't think even Doug eat
pepperoni pizza but but it is it looks
awesome this comes in what 51 and 52 yes
they got to design their own they worked
with JP couvert and they designed their
own and it came out really awesome so it
have it directly supports them as human
beings so we appreciate you backing them
100% and there's actually two more
things that we don't have in yet but
will be available as of Black Friday and
9 - no like them when everyone's out in
stores Thanksgiving night at midnight
that's what all the stuffs coming out at
the Shred quarters calm and select skate
shops in the area there'll be a little
ton of skate shops getting it in over
the next few weeks but there are some
that will have it at on Black Friday so
check your shop and ask them the two
things that aren't that we don't have
are the zip up we have a black zip-up
with a knockout like this this graphic
on the back it'll be in white so that'll
be really cool and then we have a four
slash backs and it's a really cool mold
so I mean it looks like the slash yeah
the shape of the wax is like is the
slash logo so I'm hope you guys dug get
the shred quarters combat Friday at
midnight you know Thanksgiving night you
know when it is Eastern Standard Time
the link is right down there next week
we'll be doing revive skateboards winter
lions so tune in and one week from now
to find out what we're releasing for the
board company and now we're gonna do a
couple tricks and call it a day clap
that's perfect it was so good
yeah
that's it guys next Friday Black Friday
at midnight so chaos Thanksgiving night
at the end of the night that's when it
all goes live and Turkey are things eat
turkey this is the last one don't do
that
that's why I'm gonna jump no I'm joking
it tells that moment of my life
oh my gosh
