it's not is it on record you were
talking welcome to a YouTube video guys
I'm not going to give away this week I'm
very sorry I'll probably do it next week
so stay tuned but I want to at least
announce the winners of last week's
giveaway we did for the unreleased
revive deck and the four shirts so the
winners here on YouTube for the fourth
shirt is from Heller okay you have a
message in your inbox give me your
address and shirt size and I will get
you your shirt and then the winner of
the skateboard is anime nerd 1028 you
have the inbox message get me the info
and I will get you your skateboard so
there's one more winner though I didn't
gave away escape or on Instagram and
that is window eight Pepe Linda wait
pappi
you're saying yeah I knew ginger its
message unique message check your direct
message on youtube or on Instagram and I
messaged you and you can reply back to
me and I will get you a skateboard but
congratulations winners everyone else
thank you for entering I'll be doing
many more giveaways so stay tuned we're
also doing a livestream today at 3
o'clock Eastern Standard Time it's
probably at roughly in like an hour
whenever this goes up it takes a second
for this to go up so about three o'clock
Eastern Standard Time if you don't live
in the Midwest figure downs but that's
it we just had a crazy weekend in
California so we'll be talking about
that it'll be a really good time come
hang out with us that's a you now get it
on your smartphone you now download that
on your smartphone and search for a nice
truck and that's me
or just go to the URL right down there
so come hang out with us that is this
Brian go long no please
go longer than that go just continue to
go we're done here
