what's up guys so I'm here to give you a
little different how-to video I'm going
to teach you how to bail bail has kind
of turned into this generic thing for
fall or slam I mean actual bail I mean
like when you're away from your board
and flying to the ground how the best
way to handle that situation is because
we get scared sometimes you know you try
a trick and you're like God you throw
your board away and you jump down and if
you keep doing that it starts to hurt a
lot so I'm gonna tell you some tips on
how to endure it
okay I'm gonna Casey's gonna help fill
my pants aren't waiting to pick on me
that was them they are now happy now
will you all know that before I say
anything I'm going to tell you that it
is always safer to stick your trick to
the ground like to have your board
solidly under your feet and stick it to
the ground you're a lot less likely to
get hurt even if you hit and stick and
fall to the ground than if you bail and
you know something else happens that
being said I'm gonna teach you how to
bail all right the first thing about
talk about is kicking your board away
okay because a lot of times you try a
gap or you know whatever and you just
kind of you got to bail your board
because you're not having it you get up
into the air and you're scared right
away the most important thing is that
you do not want to land back on your
board okay
if you kick front words like if you kick
your feet out that way it'll sometimes
go right under you and if you land back
on your board it is so easy to slip out
and your body's just not ready for your
head can be flying to the ground you
could land on your wrist weird your
ankle weird it's just not good so when I
bail I always kick it out behind me
especially with like a basic ollie like
I just kind of kick my legs backwards
and it usually shoots the board away
from me and I've really never landed
back on my board just on a gap bail so
it's a safe way of doing it for me
nothing is certain you know there could
be somebody rolling by where they it
hits like their board and bounces back
under you so nothing is certain when
you're bailing okay but you just got to
do the right steps like hopefully kick
your board away and land and then roll
and I'll get to rolling it's just a
second but I'm going to show you a few
bails on me kicking my board away
backwards all right that was perfect I
don't need to do that again I kicked my
board successfully went behind me and
then I hit and rolled okay
that's proper way to do it if I were to
extend my legs and shoot it out there's
a good chance of me landing on top of it
like I said you want to avoid that at
all costs a big way to prevent bailing
in general and kicking your board like
that is being warmed up for it first
don't just start off by skating a gap
cruise around do some flat ground tricks
do some grinds do whatever but have your
body loosened up if
a really big gap it's kind of hard to
warm up for that and I actually used to
try to jump off small obstacles and
actually feel a bail so I would do this
I would jump and do a roll and my body
would be warmed up it's just kind of
like jump-starts your body it could
potentially hurt but if you know how to
hit and roll and distribute like the
impact on your body just makes it lessen
up and it kind of wakes you up unless
the road the grounds are off or
something use your head and think about
what you're doing don't jump into a
bunch of broken glass
let me dumb I'll be really dumb okay no
one's gonna go to the prom with you I
mean that's means somebody probably go
to the prom with you but just don't jump
in a glass okay but the next thing I
want talk about is rolling hitting the
ground with just your feet you're gonna
heal bruises you could turn your ankle
easier it's just not good okay it's
gonna hurt so when I hit and roll that
kind of distributes the impact so you
hit your feet but then you take some in
the hip then you take some of the
shoulder and you just kind of make it
happen a lot less I've been skating for
17 years now and I can still jump down
gaps like this so I'm doing something
right another thing is that when you're
falling and rolling make sure you have
your hand up to she'll your face okay
you don't roll on your face that's
pretty much any time in life don't use
your face to soften the blow of anything
so put your arm in front of you and it
kind of just helps the whole process and
it kind of literally like one of those
bugs okay you prick it open up a rock
and the pill bugs that are around okay
they'll be awesome I baling gaps I'm
just saying if you're gonna bail hit the
ground and roll it helps everything
about it about your body your body will
thank your the end of the night and
tomorrow maybe not Thursday Thursday's
are super weird and when it comes to
bailing
beware okay your board is gonna get beat
up so much faster okay it's gonna hit
the ground just right on the tail or
nose and it'll chip easier it's just not
good for the board so I mean like I said
the beginning of this if you cannot bail
and stick your trick to the ground it's
better just all around for everybody
you're more likely laying the trick and
your body and your skateboard we're
going to be in better condition but keep
that in mind okay don't be bummed if you
bailed on a gap for like 30 straight
minutes and you got chips and like
scratchiness and dents in your board
because that is how it's a piece of wood
okay it's not it's not a piece of like
Captain American armor this thing is
going to get beat up so keep that in
mind the more you skate gaps and bail
the quicker you're going to go through
decks another thing you want to think
about is if you kind of know that you're
not going to stick your trick and you're
just kind of trying to get the hang of
it you jump down the gap make sure you
have enough speed okay the worst thing
is landing back on the gap because you
can get your foot caught in something
and then trip and fall on the good gap
face-first it's just not a good thing
okay you don't want to do that make sure
you have speed the more
the better I mean don't go insanely fast
but make sure you have more than enough
to clear like a not a doubt in your mind
and then as you start to stick your
trick you'll get a little better like
kind of guessing what speed you should
have but in general I always like to
skate faster toward a gap either it
makes it it's just easier to land for me
and then it's it's just more enjoyable
okay
you're watching watch John Cardiel he's
a great example of this if you're
bailing too much if you just keep
jumping down the gap and land on your
feet over over again you were going to
wake up store the next day and feel beat
up you're gonna feel like a train hits
you and then threw you out of the Train
and get hit by car it's not fun I've
been there I'd like literally been at
high school like like shaking like
walking down stairs because I just
skated too hard the day before I didn't
stick my tricks so if you're bailing a
lot on a gap I would take a breather and
kind of assess the situation maybe go
skate someone else and come back to it
until you're brave enough because like
you know a lot of these times you're
just like you just too scared you get up
in the air and you're like yeah every
time keep that mind do not over abuse
yourself I have actually had most of my
injuries or from me over abusing myself
so use your brain just an overview or
review if you may evolve everything I
just talked about first off it's always
safer to stick your trick get the board
under your feet solid and you're much
better off if you do bail make sure you
get that board away from you okay like
kick it away from you you do not want to
land back on it avoid that at all costs
and then lastly make sure you roll when
you hit the ground okay do not land flat
foot and just stand there okay I know it
might feel cool you might feel like a
super human but your feet do not your
feet are gonna hate you hit the ground
roll distribute pressure and avoid
hitting your face okay so hip and
shoulder are really good spots to absorb
impact watch with your hip it might
distract and create a hip bruise and
that can happen but you know ideally
you're gonna be able a few times and
start sticking your trick but just keep
that in mind make sure you roll and
distribute the impact so there you guys
go I hope that helps you when you're
jumping down to your doom huh I'm gonna
give you a little montage of me doing
some tricks and flip flip Reese stuff
down gaps and then I'm gonna cut too uh
Casey are you ready for it sure I'm
ready I'm really ready
oh and this guy's channels in the info
here helps fill me a lot and he's
awesome
I'll do that face inside yeah you got to
watch those faces
