you do what is up guys this is a video
that I never thought I would make oh my
gosh revive is on a tech deck this is
officially out in stores right now this
is a dream come true and I'm gonna get
all mushy and I'm gonna tell you guys
just how much this means to me and thank
you guys but I let's get straight to the
fun I'm gonna get this out and I'm gonna
do some finger boarding so it'll be fun
this this is the one that's out right
now this is the Johnny Geiger cerberus
deck okay
this pack comes with house with like
wider trucks on it but it also gives you
an extra set of trucks so it even has
force wheels that isn't the - this is
awesome is a dream come true
okay let's get this out I've never
opened this up this is available at
Twitter us Target and Walmart so this
this was actually sent to me straight
from tech tech they sent a mussels they
sent us a bunch of them this is amazing
alright oh my gosh we've had these for
like a month or so and I have never held
one this is a something that I created
is on a finger board that is amazing
alright so I'm going to test out these
trucks first where's my box I love this
little box we'll start on this double
start a flat ground there flat desk flat
desk is a better way to put okay it's
the winter so my fingers are all cold
and terrible all right Holly my should
it's White's a wider deck and I like
that and I miss my first kickflip second
kickflip missed fingers work there you
go nose like forth try alright very low
heel my fingers do not work
oh I was in gosh
it was not perfect I gotta land it
better that was a little inverted but
I'm gonna take it let's do the three go
that should be easy
it wasn't the first try gosh that feels
really good on a wide - look at that
three in a row right there let's do a
540 540 flip right there switch look you
wake up fingers they're frozen is like
ten degrees outside Fahrenheit which is
negative in the Celsius but there's a
switch varial flip oh there it was we're
gonna hit the frontside flip then we're
gonna move on to the some grinds and
slides that was not anything that was
almost hit that was look how I'm rolling
away look at that no one no one skates
like that actually I have friends escape
like that
all right grind time they've ever done
that I'm generally excited about that
one I might have done that in the past
but I don't remember it so kind at my
first one all right let's do a 55 Oh
kickflip first literally first try I
mean nose grind no I flip shove it out
no switch up the angle a little bit
really bad at this look at that foot
that is not a roll away what why why did
I have to actually do that
that was it I mean it grinded for like
that long but that was it do the old
kickflip lipslide key field noseblunt
those are classics all right I think
when I came up Smith before I do the
noseblunt Capo's Smith I cannot believe
I hit that that easy because the lips
lock took me forever all right let's do
that nose one oh that was a good one
I've done that trick like a million
times but that that one felt good
actually gonna strike one I don't think
I've done as a kickflip tail fly
alright see if we can do that it felt so
not close then I just did it Wow I can
wait I get way too excited where I land
a finger board a drink that was awesome
though
all right let's get out the hub ah look
at this thing Wow look at this thing the
greatest thing ever I've had this since
I was like three years old
not really but a long time this is cool
because it feels like an actual link
ledge gotta get my nose belonged on 500
180 oh that was it I also I ran in this
battery right here right away
her granny can flip into it - that was
it there was that trick that like
powered through that kerger grind but I
might have to take that because if you
don't lock in just right there's a
little crack in the ledge that kind of
stops you I gotta help her with me today
at work he's not Christmas break so he
doesn't come to work with me I just did
a really good kickflip boardslide you do
trick oh you are rolling up the stairs
with like four legs but you're not using
your thumb alright now take the drop you
missed it see it boom those like a
wall-e lips like I was not first try so
there you guys go hope you guys like the
actual fingerboard but when I wanna tell
a little story though because when I
started the company it was of originally
coated revenge in my head I didn't think
it was gonna get to any sort of
successful level I'm at one point I told
myself if we ever had an actual
warehouse a small warehouse with enough
room that I can send
of one box and have enough room to skate
back and forth that I would be that this
would have been way more successful than
I had ever thought now these days we
have a private skatepark we have a whole
distribution center we have our name
like something I created is on a tech
tech something that I grew up with like
I'm ever since I was a kid like these
were around and it's just amazing I
can't even begin to explain how much
this means to me so thank you tech tech
for working with us on this and thank
you guys because you're the only reason
why any of this has happened and it's
been such a journey and it just it
literally means the world like this is
something that might seem just like a
dinky little toy but to have revived on
a fingerboard like a Tech Deck that's
just it it's just amazing so I want to
say I'm 1 million thank-yous we this
design is out right now in Target
Walmart and Toys R Us if you go look for
it it's not there just check for the
next shipment because it's like slowly
getting into stores and then you know
what the holiday is a lot of things got
bought out but if you do get one posted
on Instagram and tag it today because we
want to see it and then coming soon are
two more graphics here's this graphic
again coming up we also they're also
we're gonna do the Doug distills zombie
graphic in the air in Cairo zombie
graphics oh this is unreal I cannot wait
they say they're gonna make a lot more
next year
so we'll probably see one that just says
revived because each one has different
like look this has the trucks this has
the revived griptape which is really
cool I can't wait to get this without
and actually put the grip tape on and
then Doug's comes with stickers I guess
the sticker pack which we don't sell
like we've never made stickers that
small so that's pretty cool I have had
so many finger boards over the years I
had like the nice $100 wooden ones and I
always just go back to liking tech decks
the best it's just what I've always used
and I like it and they're super
affordable you can like they're like
three bucks three or four bucks that's
it we sadly cannot sell these on the
shred quarters comm so you guys are
going to have to hunt for them but what
first off I have a couple things to say
this deck we're gonna put back into the
shred quarters so if you want to have
the same deck that you're gonna get a
fingerboard
there'll be there's a little limited
amount
of those we're not going to re-up on
them I think we just have like 50 to 100
more of these and they're gonna be in
the Shred quarters as of right now so
you can go grab one and as you guys can
have the same skateboard as your finger
board also I'm myself and revived we're
going to be giving away some finger
boards on our Instagram this next week
so if you go follow us at Andy's rock on
Instagram and at revive skateboards on
Instagram you will have chances right
there to win them so stay tuned to on
the Instagram for more details on that
and that is it you guys are the best
thank you I'm done being mushy Brian you
wanna come say about YouTube he thought
about it he almost didn't want to oh no
Brian Eames is coming to say goodbye why
are you hitting me with your head Brian
if you guys want to see more videos from
me hit the subscribe button right down
below your sign to see more and I'll see
you guys Marcus I do videos most days of
the week thanks again
goodbye guys Brian do not leave the room
trying to get all mushy with you guys
and say thank you but I have Brian Eames
appearing at my desk Brian could you go
sit down
