you know you're doing this at some point
the video right and if you don't do me
in the back of your mind the entire time
gay and it's gonna ruin the whole
experience for you so you might as well
do it right now it's gonna happen sorry
but YouTube what is up guys is an update
video I it's been a while since I've
done one of these and this is pretty
much the exact words I say every single
time I do one of these but here it is I
mean I'm doing it good right now right
here you're watching it so what have i
been up to you ask if you probably an
asshat at all but if you've watched his
long enough you knew i was gonna say
that i'm gonna quit talking about how i
always say the same things my gosh but
yeah it's been kind of relaxing like the
falls been nice i haven't been traveling
as much like the last like month or so
what happened to know where i went last
ok so what am I going west texas i went
to texas you say toys r us I'll do Texas
that was I did go to toys r us yesterday
I went to Texas and it was awesome film
at the major video I filled with the
major guys on how to talk that was
really cool but the best part going down
Texas aside from hanging out with all
the cool dudes just watching them skate
it is really amazing they're so so
talented if you haven't seen the major
Halloween edit make sure you go do that
yeah I've been like I've had time to
work each day and I've kind of get sleep
I've been tire I've been getting sleep
but I've been getting tired at the same
time it doesn't make sense I feel more
rested when I get less sleep week an
adult is weird let's just put that out
there has a weird thing also me wearing
white beanie kind of weird right mmm but
some really cool things are actually
happening in my life I've recently
headed to this recording studio and I
started working on an album that I plan
to release in the spring I'm working
like good friend Mike Schwartz all the
all the outro music like we aren't of
engines and stuff and out your music to
all of my videos I'm that songs that
I've written in a we're actually gonna
like putting an album together and
release it so hopefully you'll get the
first single off of it next month along
with the music video that's the plan but
if it doesn't happen don't be surprised
because my life is really good about
throwing things in the air and juggling
I'm throwing them away but is it is
actually happening like I'm working on
music I'm going there about like every
week or two it's happening so be excited
for that to stay tuned for more info and
I've been writing my book I probably
said this in the past like I started
writing it early this year but I'm like
I'm slowly but surely doing it it's lots
of to do like you know like be a dad run
two companies make youtube videos every
single day like skateboard film for
video part record full album musically
and write a book all the same time but
yeah it's a lot a lot of happening my
life but I'm working on it all and I'm
having a blast so uh just tune in for
more info it'll it'll happen eventually
and
my hands are waving around like a like
kind of foosball guys cuz they go at the
same time hey okay another thing I've
been doing recently I live streams and
you a lot of you guys have probably seen
this but I'm on application called you
now and there's a lot of fun like touch
talking directly I've been doing like
once a day trying to at least and so
yeah you guys can ask me questions we've
done skit like live skate sessions we do
the game of skate better day it's a lot
of fun I highly suggest getting on your
smartphone and downloading you now and
just searching for me my name is Andy
schrock on there or you can go directly
to the URL like you now calm / Andy
schrock and that's me so I'm on there
and a Q&A is a lot like I do them right
in like it's a lot of fun so I get on it
and tune in live and hang out with me
and then like Casey's in on it Brian's
and under a lot of times um so you'll
see a lot of familiar faces in them but
it's fun so join join now I sound like
an infomercial order now order right now
unbelievable but what's happening you
know what I gotta use it with this Casey
come shoot me in the head adult nerf gun
Casey shoot me so I could say my beanie
off look like an idiot don't do this at
home don't hit me in the ear okay I'm
gonna cover my ear in my eyes yeah okay
you suck oh gosh that feels like a rock
all right you're done you're done you're
done I'm done oh my gosh but what's
happening the reviving first world a lot
because it's November November is like
the craziest month for reviving for
stowaways luckily this year we're kind
of ahead of ourselves we have a lot of
the product in we're like kind of ready
for black friday Black Friday is gonna
bring the new winter line over vibe and
force at the same time when midnight
strikes when everyone's at best buy and
target and toys are target's and all
those things you can be on the Shred
course I'll calm and get a bunch of new
reviving for stuff we have some specials
coming out too but I'll fill you in on
all of those in the next warehouse
Wednesday so next week i think is the
force where else wednesday where we talk
about the force stuff and the week after
that will be the revival one so it'll be
a lot of fun tune in stuff be happening
people also we've been out there filming
for we aren't of engines and stuff of
course we have we r minus 58 coming out
this month and then 59 coming out next
month we've also been filming for we
take over the world when we can which is
the revived second full-length video
which comes out next year look for once
in my life I'm filming tricks for my
video part which i usually have horrible
at like my lips k died part was just not
real is that way to put it like I got to
skate we're like 20 minutes like a week
I swear and but this time I'm putting
time in I'm knocking out tricks that I
actually wanted to do so I'm feel really
good about it I can't show you anything
but be hype this time next year of the
revive it he'll come out it'll be a good
time as of today actually a bunch of the
dudes are going to LA including me I'm
like as you watch this i'm most likely
in California unless you watch it really
later than I uploaded it so me Casey Sam
Tabor bry names and then Jordan from
force we're all going to California a
bunch of the revived guys that are in
that part of the country meeting up with
us exciting things happening it's just a
quick weekend trip but if you see me out
there say what's up and I usually always
have stickers on me so say like Andy
totally gave me some stickers dummy and
i will i will give you stickers unless I
don't have any than I won't and i will
say i'm sorry i got a story for you ok
so if your family is in the room right
now a slightly because just for you
right take that as however you want I
was a kindergartner once believe it or
not illegally I think you have to be
he's here in the United States I think
you have to be that you legally have to
be a kindergartner so I was a
kindergartner and I was imagining myself
as Mario which was awesome i'm pretty
proud of us over there my friend i was
managing him as Luigi and I borrowed his
eraser and I was like hey Luigi here and
I tossed my racer probably bout four
feet ok and Luigi successfully grabbed
the eraser admitted midair as Luigi
would and it was it was a normal like
eraser to Mario Luigi he grabbed it life
was awesome people are smiling my
teacher wasn't smiling alright this is
just a fact she yelled at me she like
called me out in front of the whole
class it was a big class baby strangely
big for a kindergarten class using
excuse me to get this like like the
whole room went silent she was like did
you just throw something in my room and
I was like yeah and that was probably
scared totally yeah gvgv lectured me on
throwing an eraser for feet to my friend
when I was just giving it back to him
cuz I borrowed it you don't do that to
your kindergartner k ok mrs. I don't
know what your name is eiffel tower will
kormos mrs. eiffel tower for no reason
and then another time this was my fault
but either way she made me look dumb uh
she was asking all of our our phone
numbers and me as a kindergarten oh my
phone but everyone else in the class
seem to know it I just sucked apparently
I didn't know it me thinking I was sly I
asked the person to my right mind you
she's coming from the left like it
what's your phone number and he tells me
his phone number i'm like well as rises
might do i thought that was gonna work
so she came and asked me i phone number
i was like same as this guy's that
probably I did not say that confidently
but I did say it and then she made fun
of me in front of a whole class again
what is wrong with people that ladies
should not have been a teacher let's
just put that out there you're gonna be
a kindergarten teacher or any elementary
school teacher like be better be a
better person and because you never know
if they're gonna get on YouTube
20 some years later and make fun of you
on YouTube because that's what's
happening okay mrs. Eiffel Tower is
gonna put it out there and not nice
you're not cool so yeah and that's why I
decided to tell you that story bupa
douches who does that who makes it who
calls out to the kindergartner and may
try as we can feel dumb in for anybody
so let's address the fact that she's
trying to impress other kindergartners I
don't think anybody was high-fiving
gravel yeah you made they could look at
it mrs. Eiffel Tower how old are you
because you're not as young as I am
either way there's my story for this
episode but that is it guys so here's my
update video I do day the videos I have
no idea what's happening tomorrow I
might do a vlog vlog Assad or you might
get a revived randomness I'm telling us
on tuesday so i don't know actually
what's gonna happen throughout the week
but i do that daily videos so if you
like what you saw click to subscribe and
I'll be back tomorrow the next and the
next day but until then guys Casey do
want to hit me in the head with it with
without the beanie without the
protection sure you yes yeah ok I'll sit
let's do it oh dude don't go pointed at
me drop it it feels exactly the same
with a beanie on it just feels like
rocks to the head I'm done
I might actually have a lump from that
Casey line Ryan's macbook pros to say
that and write a book all the same time
it's it's just a lot to deal with so I'm
working on it hey what does Ryan I was
gonna go wait are you kidding me yeah
the best thing is that brian chambers
just called yeah which is Ryan's brother
it's like a hybrid with bry names and
Ryan chambers on his computer okay what
was I saying also me wearing a white
beanie kind of weird right it's about
Alec better than us know this looks
ghetto kool ad what I say any why did I
say that everyone hearing it think takes
it as you like what are you talking
about Andy let's start this time time
time talk again but some exciting things
are happening my life I recently just uh
what did I do smack myself
you
