I'm gonna get okay sorry a man shot your
107 shot guys I'm gonna try something
new today is my audio working my mic on
I think so I'm gonna jump on it was god
I've never done it is kind of a caveman
except he's holding it so it's called a
mammoth okay the reason i push this
video is because i'm doing an ID stream
at three o'clock eastern standard time
today Brian Ames who's holding the phone
hi what is he doing case you'll be there
ok I might be skating a little bit when
we start doing it but it's three o'clock
eastern standard time on you now so
download the application go on your
store and got you now or you can just go
to the URL that's right down there it's
you know calm / Andy schrock it'll be
fun clearly live why are you carrying it
my man that's it we're done here here
throw the phone that was a shot a shot
