YouTube what's up guys so we're skating
a princess board it's really tiny it's
it's probably about the it's even
smaller than it may degree and I would
say because it's a lot skinnier it's
really dinky it's plastic it bends we're
gonna see how many tricks I can do on it
and it's not gonna be many just to tell
you what it's like skating it it's kind
of like you take a popsicle stick and
you cut it in half and then then you
have this I can't I gotta watch your
shadow
this is for the backwards one thank you
oh my gosh you could get bad real fast
I'd like to thank and Casey and my mom
cuz those are the people you think I
felt good that like literally felt like
I was proud of myself I'm gonna do the
Andrew I've done it before I'm gonna try
to do it again 720 flip on this thing
and I'm not moving because I'll be in
sanity so let's just do it ah so hard to
stand on oh how could it fall stopping
sunglasses
oh my gosh ready
you think kidding primo is bad do it on
a princess board on a 720 flip ash
doesn't hurt at all it just is annoying
oh my gosh
wow wow wow that hurt I just landed on
it and stomped it onto my toe
boom princess power that was hard that
was way harder the second time around I
hope you guys dug this I'll be back on a
normal for the next time you see me
Oh Alex just fell
welcome to the bonus clip we're ty says
he's gonna drop in on this
princess board really hope ty is okay
like after when this video goes up I
hope that I look back at least I
survived he's alive I'm happy you're
happy tune in next week when we skate it
tomato no it didn't that's not true
you
