we're out Wednesday and for the first
time ever one of these Andy shrugs not
behind the camera who it's me hey oh but
it's your turn what you got there got a
truck solving right yeah that what it
does you guys like this it does not
gonna do that this week you have to do a
kickflip that's the courage a double
flip and a triple football the kicker
came in to do it don't do it I'm double
double fatigued is your big flip double
flip triple flip off the kicker you live
in the triple flip in about ten years
you have ten minutes to do it if you
don't do it then you have to do a right
wearing to a round of human bowling you
do not land this what is human bowling I
don't know yet but it will figure it out
it's awful is no one okay put the
Triforce back I accept I'm not gonna I'm
gonna do this I think you can do it oh
no pretty much immediately if you're
flakes there yeah we all know how much
this episode's gonna suck or not all
right nobody throw anything come on good
catch whoa they kicked him in the head
remember that back in slow-mo II like a
brother Brody pro pro pro pro go Brody
go go go go go or stop watch alarm clock
guys over there so I think I'm just
gonna start warming up off the clock
you're checking where your phone is that
walking
we'll get it like checking my email
going to get my phone that's like when
you're like on the phone like I can't
find my phone or like you're in the cars
like where are my car keys
yes the mirror their brands and dummy
well let me get back there before I
start yeah no and right now 10 minutes
10 minutes go
I was a really really good get companion
just was it was good I was just
surprised that was a good kick look that
was not good novice double flip in the
entirety of the world yep
this is a room of beeping this is a
beeping room Oh killing me
six was incredible I think Neverland
that was bad but I'm gonna keep it your
hair it was like this wasn't it it felt
like that you have seven half minutes to
do this 90 hi does he does seven heaven
it's Widow Berta see well seven is 46
cuckoo bird hey what was that efficient
yeah yes six minutes and 18 seconds oh
you got plenty of time Oh Oh Brody to
the halfway point
he's got five minutes and five seconds
this is a stressful you've got this
Harry might love you and your hair head
it's four months left our game to be in
crunch time is three minutes and 27
seconds gosh this is hard this is
general he's got about two minutes left
two minutes yes look at three times like
super super solid he's gonna land it and
east rockaway you've ever seen if you
know him that is the most anti-shock
thing that's ever been done that's luck
30 seconds he's got two tries his last
try he has 12 seconds it's different
clothes right so on
No
well you know like me and don't stop it
right as it starts ringing true beard
not sons in the face of failure right
there he had it your he didn't have it
he rolled away for five feet I'm doing
the I owe you on this video wait - Bomi
he did it
haha he did it it was just as gross as
always by the tutor eyes after the ball
recording it what's my punishment is you
those big things right there of rates of
air bubble no their bubble things we're
gonna come to bulldoze at you they're
about as big as you pick I'm gonna pick
it up and I'll throw them at you like
it's bowling accident it's human bowling
it's human throwing giant things really
human spirit as long as I can I can
knock you down take you off your feet do
something then I'll be happy I will
throw them as hard as I can and slowly
until that happens well go grab them
thanks hello know the gigantic pillow
it's a gigantic bubble it's a huge
pillow so they they should roll it or
that measly shriveled yeah pick up and
throw it like an arm instant headache
dude you go this I'm not good I can't
triple flip Brian oh please that on time
if anyone wonders how they filmed the
Power Rangers when they're knocking down
buildings and stuff watch this go back
there and it's gonna be like a superhero
when you do that except I have broken
you
