youtube what is up guys it's giveaway
time it's monday i do weekly giveaways
recently and given more stuff just like
I do every week this time it's actually
pretty cool because it's an unreleased
skateboard i'm giving away two
unreleased skateboards but here's your
chance to win it before the entire world
gets their hands on it some it is this
deck right here okay but before i go
into detail about that i just want to
mention that last week's winners are
gonna be announced on my on facebook on
my official facebook page which is right
down there so if you enter the anchor
giveaway check that out for a post today
or tomorrow announcing the winners who
won the stuff from anchor but this yes
so this is the red colorway of the
broken deck it is of course not a broken
skateboard it has some broken bones on
the skateboard that's why it's called
broken i'm going to give two of these
away i recently did a interview with
skates motivation which is really cool
they have an instagram page they have a
podcast just a really cool organization
they just kind of hype up people get
them motivated supporting it is a really
awesome their own Instagram and skate
down motivation if you do want to check
that out to be right down there but half
of this giveaway is going to be on
Instagram and a half it's going to be
here on youtube so I'm actually giving
two of these decks away one on Instagram
one on YouTube and then there'll be one
runner-up prize which you don't know
where I'm going to pick it from it could
be on Instagram entry or it could be on
a YouTube entry and I'm gonna give away
a force black / t so those are the
prizes this does get you psyched and
here is how you win them first and
foremost you have to be subscribed to me
so if you're not hit the subscribe
button and you know I do daily videos
here myself so you're getting some stuff
with it and I try to make it
entertaining so I hope you like that how
you're going to enter on Instagram is
you're going to go to activate that
motivation Instagram pages right here
and then it's down the info to of course
all this information is down the info
and you're going to pick one of your
favorite motivate motivation esque
pictures they've uploaded and you're
going to upload on your page with the
hashtag hang revive skate motivation ok
that's the hashtag you're gonna put it
under and just upload on your page with
that hashtag and you're entered to win
I'll pick winners at the beginning of
next week i'll probably post some i'll
probably say in the video and an
Instagram post since it's on both of
these formats that is how you win you
enter on the Instagram side if you want
to enter for another chance to win this
deck all you have to do is leave a
comment here I'm gonna put you on a
little while do
chase though in the we r MN series
there's one episode they say these
reduce goofy noises like roasted I look
what you said Oh should I before I'm you
can find that episode comment down below
what episode the rough sanaya hook is
from when you're entered to win you know
on the board on this side of things
giving away two decks and then one shirt
you don't know which side the shirt is
going to come from but you know that's
how you answer you repost want to skate
motivations pictures on your instagram
with the hashtag revive skate motivation
and then on here you got to figure out
what episode tonight that is from write
down in the comments the only one
comment I don't want to see a bunch of
spam if I see you've been common too
much times you will not be in the
running for a winning on one of these
prizes and of course if you're younger
than 18 make sure your parents that
you're entering this because you're
gonna have to give it an address out if
you win and then you can win anywhere in
the world as long as you have a shipping
address i will ship to you so good luck
so there you guys go if you didn't
understand that it will be in writing
right down in the info and i'll be back
next week probably with another giveaway
if not all at least upload something
saying who won this so tune in a lot of
people ask me like win then winners are
announced its always announce a week
later so just try to remember that but
i'm gonna go and go back in shrek orders
I actually try to double flip the other
day down the stairs in my daniel f 37 it
kind of gave me a hard time so i have a
bunch of sticks from that so i'm going
to show you the attempts of that and
then the land again but that's it i will
see you guys tomorrow with another video
good to the by i'm gonna try to walk
back without hitting some some ghosts
phantom spiderwebs and i need that stuff
but i'm walking away why I'm why am i
walking away
actually pause for a second because I
got spider webs flying across my face
have you ever known notice there's no
laws to spider webs they're just like
you'll be walking anywhere in the world
and there's just also in a spider web in
your face like even if there's nothing
around for it to be on there's just a
spider web doesn't maybe that makes no
sense at all
you
