YouTube what's up guys it is a day to
life don't woody
daddy it is a day in life 37 he rocked
back to be 5 that works so fun day ahead
of us
I gotta go to work of course and do all
that stuff then I might hang out this
guy at a 7 a.m. and before I go to work
I've got to get this guy in his clothes
ready to walk out the door so you ready
to go do that because you got PJs on boy
you've got PJs on look at that Chewbacca
he's like oh that's a horrible Chewbacca
noise I can do it sometimes I promise
you do it Chewbacca noise that was
Chewbacca or presenter like a car or not
shifting gears alright today we have a
paw patrol sure are you ready are you
ready to be clothed look at you you're
dressed now alright what are we doing
before I get to work we're gonna finger
board watch this
switch front board did that first try
I was pretty good ug5 physics there me
too
big hug I love you you have a good day
at school bye love you
bye you alright so I'm leaving the house
I gotta get coffee on my way to work and
a breakfast area usually oh but I also
have to get batteries for this thing
this is an adult nerf gun and it has
like balls and I'm gonna I'm gonna
attack Bry names of the today but I
gotta get 6c batteries that is an insane
amount of batteries this thing probably
has a lot of power this could be amazing
let's do this
and a bacon Gouda breakfast sandwich hey
that is it this is delicious
I'm a walgreens pick up 6c batteries
which could probably power my car but
it's gonna be well worth it this is
gonna be an amazing
it'smy amazing nerf gun boom here you
are free nerf gun let's go go to the
warehouse
all right so we're here the warehouse
I'm gonna go uh it's like the most quiet
thing in the whole world here
does anyone making any noise at all
Casey and Ryan are in here working
Brian's office I'm gonna I'm gonna
high-five these guys you're gonna get
crazy
Ryan Casey Ryan
Casey I was gonna see how long I could
get to going Ryan Ryan just won five
dollars
yeah that's what whoever did the most
high fives I just made it up right here
but that's what Casey gets for for
quitting right away 5 bucks 5 bucks for
high-fiving I like the backhanded 5 5 it
was sarcasm yet you were still my friend
I'm not Beth this is why he has $5 you
don't now I'm gonna go see how many I'm
saying different Brian Ames hey dude
dude what are you doing here hey man hey
again again again was looking to get
here something like that again super
high five again is that it oh sure I
said three I guess three and then I said
or 20 I thought I was gonna get this
morning
I don't know YouTube probably counted hi
Brody don't call Brody are you doing
I've got coordinates to the worst skate
park ever we found out about skate park
that's literally like relatively close
to everywhere we've lived our whole
lives like you know it's like rich it's
pretty close that we've never skated
motion it's good that doesn't happen in
Cincinnati like you know about skate
parks me escape don't smoke beer go far
yeah so at lunch
we're gonna go skate the worst
skateboard ever all right cool here's my
office and I apparently cleaned
yesterday because it is way cleaner than
it normally is there's my guitar
we play a song please and sing no all
right all right so I have a decent
amount to do today but I'm all you know
I'll be going to skate a skateboard
Camilla days I'm not that busy but I
have a lot of email to do and that's how
I start every morning I go through my
email and I'm gonna do that
I mean I got posted an Instagram because
my interview for skate motivation which
is a really cool Instagram page and they
have a podcast it just went up today so
I got to kind of spread the word about
that but then I want to do that you know
leave at lunch to go skate and stuff so
work day work days happening brian has
left his office in which the warehouse
I'm gonna get this ready to attack I
seriously had to run out to my car to
get this just so he doesn't know it's
coming
success I might do a test run
this is amazing
you be so busy
buggers fast oh no what the oh it's an
adult nerve good pretty sweet I know it
is that's why I got how you gotta shoot
me with it now do that good work as a
massage I know how to feel good honey
it feels amazing thank you for being in
on this oh so this is gonna be a little
stronger but it's definitely amazing and
it looks cool it's like you're
definitely my nerf gun back to work now
okay so emails done finally um I am
going to fill out some orders you guys
that order stuff on the strikers comm
these are some orders from yesterday and
they're going out today because we ship
next day always so I'm gonna fill these
out and then I got to get a rider
package for Sam festival he needs some
skateboards and then by that time it'll
probably lunchtime and Brian and I will
go dip and go to this eat and then go to
skate work so that's plan let's do this
Matthew Baker happy birthday it's
dropping out your birthday day but I
still want it to be happy birthday when
it happens so happy birthday David
Castro you got some wax
I hope JC well it's in the shape of a
heart so at least it cares about you
it's carrying wax nail quintanilla it's
something a name that would be really
good at pool so don't play a game of
pool up now you'll get crushed Jeremy
how's ah care to me Julia Thompson you
know what you deserve you deserve
something you should go buy new shoes
today Julia Brian here's some sunglasses
brownie putting them on the new board
today I am new skateboards Black Friday
they're coming out here are these and we
do them yeah yeah all right so Brian
here's your pepper funny story this was
growing it Brian just got a new house
and this was in the garden beforehand I
mean it's nothing wrong with another
weird but we think it's not hot but I'm
just gonna chop into it I it's most
likely not hot most likely all right so
I'm gonna eat this and we'll see if it's
we'll see have a time
rocks are washed it goes like a bell
pepper no hi oh my god no it's not there
you know if you are good it's not good
hot is it sit a little bit I mean it's
not bad right it's got some heat going
on there mm-hmm it's doable though I
mean it's not like I don't know okay
it's got to eat enough right now I feel
like at any moment it get way hotter you
everybody works as the Caesar up there
it's good though
right so there you go there's random
peppering okay so I took a second bite
of that pepper off camera and I got a
bunch of seeds and that is a hot pepper
goodness so good though my mouth is
burning all right so I'm getting Sam
peas package ready and I always do note
for their you know our writers and
people who get packages Sam
timbi got a cat snake about to roll to a
really big handrail and he's thinking
about a screw and it says the cat snake
is screwed I don't put any thought I
just put a blank piece of paper and
start drawing this is what happens
that's apparently what my brain came up
with this time Sam vessel here your
skateboards and uh since this is going
up Saturday and probably arrived to your
house yesterday couple shirts a beanie
ham grip and stickers Brian when you
stickers for Sam vessel okay I need to
bridge a shipping label right ham
sharpie Sam here is your package and
it's coming to you hey Ryan thank you
for putting order together
who's it that is crisper yeah it's Chris
Rios Chris Rea oh great so we're about
getting ready to go to lunch and
skateboard um I have a few things on my
list ill but I'll do it and when I get
back we're not gonna be on that long
probably gone like an hour to an hour
and a half so that's it I'm gonna give
our names goodbye shred quarters we'll
be back like an hour and a half
Brian's on the phone with Time Warner
Cable cable companies suck they are
though works yeah well I got a pet sheep
just for like a week
dirt what's a weird name hold on hold
with Time Warner Cable the phone
rang twice and then I'm back on hold I
don't consider it cheating but it's
definitely sketchy taco form I'm a queer
up old lady because I can't do a day in
life without going Chipotle apparently
so I went to wash my hands and brian has
already is tough you don't get one taco
but it's gone like watch my hand
Takas are amazing it was very short love
talking for me not now I need more tacos
my life but to the skatepark
I hope the skatepark is an amazing cause
I think it's good about to hit a speed
bump
ah that was not a speed bump it's be
able to say I like low tyres myself I'm
so slower online bump yeah yeah it's
like a it's like a bump that's not going
to be there like tomorrow there's no way
there's a skate park here there's a park
I see a park there's no way it's right
here there did they remove it dude look
look at the ground do you think it used
to be right there
I assumed it on the Google map and it
used to be right here you can see it
they used to be like a quarter pipe and
a bar and a flat bar so this really is
the worst skatepark in the world and it
doesn't exist you see there was a
quarter pipe up it looks like a flat bar
a flat bar and then a curb ramp like a
spine respond the grass yeah now I saw
that yeah so all right well we're gonna
skate we're gonna make the best at this
place we're gonna skate here yeah be on
the more skateboard in the world we're
gonna make the best of it like mati on
the ground is motor over there in this
ground is horrible this is like bad
literally the worst skate spot of all
time but we're gonna try to get a few
tricks and we're gonna go back strike
orders and skate there today because you
guys have skated shred cores remember we
were 14 we did things like skate picnic
tables like off of them you should ollie
off this Oh
Wow also that was not a nollie at all
that was a roll-off I don't blame him
though this ground makes you feel like
you don't have bearings
you're gonna all of this go that way I
don't want you to I don't want you to
get grilled I gotta roll with I got the
line here you're not you're not doing
that you're gonna land in the grass
what's all over this to land right here
to this to roll away oh my gosh that was
it dude I cannot believe you just did
that
okay yeah it looked good we actually
came to this place and actually did
something worthwhile I'm crazy impressed
huge Ivy Calvin bass - yeah you did the
warehouse Wednesday this week he tried
to do something like the same height and
he couldn't do it in the Shred quarters
then you come to the worst situation
ever and you landed fry named Jasper a
news I'm gonna try this one a try from
40 think I'm gonna get my leg like proof
right here Oh fumble he'll be tight
he did it so congratulations because
it's hot it's like it's muggy as a
summer day ring the high is like 73
today and I'm billion percent humidity
bail I guess you could potentially skate
this I'd like to say you know I'd like
to say that like at least they had a
skate park but they don't know so it
literally is the worst Park ever because
it's not here it's a pile of dirt all
right we're off I've never been so
sweaty from like ten minutes of skating
my life is pretty gross huh
it is super gross just right quarters oh
let's do this
and we're back Brian came right back to
shred gorgeous meat it's been like an
hour I have a taco has he been a pillar
taco might go just so we could go to
lunch yeah this is actual lunch you saw
his alley
he's got pop brother though be
ridiculous so in my office I have to
jump right back into computer work some
new emails came in that I got to take
care of and then I've got to edit
tomorrow's video which is a fall Friday
because today is Thursday and then I'm
probably skate towards the end of the
day if Casey is nice enough to fill me
so I'm gonna get on that it's gonna take
me a second but then on to skateboarding
okay I just did your work for like two
hours now in skateboarding I don't have
a lot much time we got like 20 minutes
so hopefully we'll do some tricks for
you then I got a frisbee golf with round
chambers
I'm so sorry you're so used to filming
way longer than we say them so I got
caught up in my trick riding our car
part his trick and that took way longer
than 20 minutes so I'm running late now
but I'm with my frisbee golf which is
kind of funny cuz it's weird to run late
for frisbee golf but and then I'm going
over to his house Casey's doing live
view now which is like a livestream to
talk directly to you guys so that's
pretty cool but uh yeah first we got for
now I'm trying to do way too many things
today but I'm gonna make it all happen I
get to spend like the whole evening with
Rhydon oh so that's awesome
we are here at frisbee golf Ryan
chambers are here to play and I'm not
taking this camera on to it so I'll film
a few cellphone clips and be done with
it but I you won't see a lot because I
want to enjoy this in relax for five
seconds I about lost my mind
skateboarding I had fun but I just got
caught up on tricks those are another
almost didn't make that run gamers good
for the coughing there did okay I
actually just had the best game at first
we go off in my entire life
I got a 15 under so that was pretty good
but I got a rush over to Casey's do this
live stream so driving and then came I'm
a caseous and I'm really running well in
time so I got a I've got a falldown
occur we got to do this I have dinner to
get home to this gonna be fun I wish I
had more how to do this looks pretty
awesome in here this is the awesomeness
that is Casey and Sabres house we're
doing it we're live okay we're not gonna
know you're doing I know this is the
moment when no one's there but you
started yeah hi yeah like I don't know
if I over here or not
look what writing is it a day in a life
today you know what I don't think Brian
is asked that today is definitely the
wrong one or not isn't him getting hit
dude oh my god TV bully grab the TV
spiders with you latched all right so
we're doing the live stream Mikey see
wanted to shout out them give it to him
magazine ten keeps giving me life so
thank you Tim yeah Tim you got one too
alright so that was a lot of fun if you
guys want to get involved with these
things I do them a few times a week
hopefully I'll do them like five times a
week like during the week or something I
don't know but it's you just download
you now it's an application you get it
on your smartphone or you can go to the
website and sign up there it's you know
calm but definitely the application it's
easy I would just go for that but we're
driving home I got some dinner with my
family to attend to
oh come home ah my bagel pie order
oh yeah ah good you are doing this while
watching Star Wars I am proud of you hi
I missed you you know good at school
alright my wife cooks some concoction
the crock-pot and it is dinner time and
I'm starving so this is amazing garlic
honey chicken with green beans carrots
and potatoes and then you have chocolate
milk no I know then you don't so I can
have this or do you have chocolate milk
I'm here fake crying I will take that
thank you
alright dinner was delicious my wife has
to go get her hair done and I'm gonna
straighten up here and play with ridin
for the rest tonight is that we're doing
are we are we hanging out playing Oh God
oh thank you yeah this is uh this was
this was used earlier in the video
you did great so I've been cleaning the
kitchen and ride and cleaned his
playroom
give me five and it looks really good
you did awesome buddy you can play now
okay now it's me and you hanging out
into a bed time right yeah Lego time now
first thing I find in the Lego bin is a
Tyrannosaurus Rex
Danya true Hugh got this for you oh who
is this spider-man spider-man goes on
top of Bratton's head I had no idea that
we had Batman all right look out let go
aah I'm Kate wicks yeah weird lightsaber
fighting that is a toothbrush
dude I am scared of a little light saber
dagger no no cover the lightsaber in my
will I leave you three pieces of bread
for dinner tomorrow hey get the blaster
I think there's some bad guys down the
hallway okay oh okay I have a Lincoln
Log all right we're down in the basement
which is kind of weird and we're playing
some music everyone I tell you how to
play Mario hi Mario
so Ryan's trying to play Pikmin 3 which
is a little different than mario buddy
are you sure you wanna play this alright
we're doing it we're doing try playing
oh we're on some we're crash-land on
some planet to the Garden of Hope Goggin
ho ho we're going to the Garden of Hope
uh well press a I press L Oh keep
pressing down that's it I hope you guys
like to Dan life 37 can you say thank
you for watching YouTube thank you for
watching YouTube do you have anything
you want to say to people or do you want
us to do a belly smacker on the bed okay
let's see it come on hey belly smacker
all right I'm starting my day hi hey I'm
scratching my nose you know when you
scratch your nose everyone just says Oh
be picking your nose like I'm scratching
it I'm putting my finger right here and
going like that picking is I'm done I'm
done talking about this
you
