yep
all right guys ridings come over here so
no no don't don't Kristin froze me yet
we're doing a live broadcast today and
on you now if you do not have you now
its application or you can go to the
website they'll be a link right down
there at three o'clock eastern standard
time I know you lied you guys are in
school but it's the only way we can do
to the strike for us today you'll be
able to Squatch I'm like wing it sorry
buddy asked questions will be able to
talk to you live right then and there so
I Brian will be here I will be here i'll
be doing it from three to 330 has a two
hours about and then case you'll be here
we're kind of source don't be skating
you be kind of like a Q&A type session
but we will do more with this so make
sure you download you now and follow me
the link is right down there and then
it's just you now calm / a nice rack I'm
super excited dude fun I'm winded I was
like that is no terrifying it is here
and that was right there everyone wants
me to all into it I will totally all
into it I'll do it where else Wednesday
we're actually skating is up but we're
gonna make the girls yeah I'm sore row
here today so that's it absolutely god
i'm not doing the handrail do all right
we go
