you're welcome for showing you that clip
and on that note I'd like to thank
Thomas okay because he sent me that clip
he was like and I got a fall Friday for
you on my phone he was texting me and I
replied to the text and I was like send
it to my email and then when I opened it
up the next day and he started running
like I immediately knew my life was
about to be a better thing okay I'm
pretty sure that if you have stocks in
mind it
Friday's space but just interrupted this
there he is I got coffee I have coffee
but if you had socks in my name you're
richer okay because my life got better
and then your stocks increase that's
wait I'm just making things up as I talk
but it sounds like it's right it is just
such a beautiful clip Thomas running
this should be on repeat on every TV
24/7 like you should be eating wings in
a restaurant and just just slow motion
shut up phone slow-motion footage of
Thomas running just glorious you think
you'd be like a like a heavenly shot
like with like sunlight through the
fields how much running through it I
would eat wings to that at the same time
this this clip actually boggles my mind
okay I leave the game boggle my mind is
in there and she's being shaken up
because I don't know why Thomas fell I
don't think Thomas knows why he fell it
makes no sense I'm you take it frame by
frame and all the sudden his foot
doesn't hit anything and just tumbles to
the ground
you got me okay
mail me a present coz of you got me what
I don't know what I say this thing is
another thing that I really don't
understand about this clip it's like the
most confusing thing in the world if you
know Thomas this is there's nothing
confusing about this because Thomas just
has these moments in life and it's
amazing but another thing that would
just confuse the normal person he's
running for the life of his skateboard
clearly because he's afraid to get that
it's gonna get hit by a car there are no
cars and all in the frame coming at his
board because that's a one-way street
right there and there's no cars like so
he's running when you could just
casually go and get his board and then
he felt that he felt yeah Tommy like
what was he expecting the DeLorean just
to it's up here for another time period
lay right where his skateboard was
and granted this is probably that like
instinct in a skater like my boards
running away from me I got to grab it
before you know something happens to it
because the second you assume nothing's
gonna happen to it that's what it does
so with that said Thomas you were right
to run after your skateboard but well
I'm sure Frank we where was I
and another thing tell me that you watch
this without wanting to see this in slow
motion with like motivational marching
music okay yeah because that's totally
about to happen walk this is the moment
that we've all been waiting for your
whole life
there you go I just made your day your
night and next Thursday
I'm kidding but there's a really good
clip and if you see Thomas hug him
because he's look at him I mean he did
something that ridiculous
and he just turns and kind of laughs at
the camera keeps going like we'll love
Thomas his attitude is amazing and the
average person would probably curl up in
a ball and cry that they looked at that
dumb in public but I've looked at dumb
my friends looking at DOM and Thomas has
looked at dominant we all are psyched on
it because at the end of the day if you
have a funny clip it's gonna entertain
people and Thomas you did that buddy you
also are very good at landing tricks I'm
talking like three different
perspectives and we haven't seen Thomas
gates he is a flip trick wizard he does
some of the stuff that just doesn't even
make sense so here's some clips of him
doing what he does best other than
running like an awesome person here's
some skateboarding
there you go there is the wonderful
Thomas Alvarez he's one of the nicest
dudes you ever meet ever so if you ever
see him congratulate him on all
everything you just saw but I hope you
guys like this is a fall Friday I
haven't done one of these in a while and
I'm sorry things kept happening and I
had to put things in place but I already
have another fall Friday lined up that
will happen in two weeks I usually do
these bi-weekly so subscribe if you want
to see more videos like this I do daily
videos I'll be back tomorrow with a
day-in-the-life 37 I think I don't know
we'll see what happens okay we will see
what happens bright names hey you're in
the hot seat
pop quiz with Brian you don't think they
see how many alright Brian okay so how
many pairs of earrings do you own for
yourself
five five that's my mother she's
wherever there
also tell me that you can't watch this
clip without wanting to see it in slow
motion without with motivational epic
music happening while thomas i'm gonna
say all of that again right now
