YouTube what is up guys I recently got a
mini green from Alex buting wherever he
is for Christmas which is appropriate he
gave me some other stuff but the last
time I had a mini green he took mine and
then broke it I'm going to put together
a new mini skateboard and then I'm going
to do the few tricks on it of course
rack that last statement I didn't I did
steal your board I didn't break it it's
not the one this is the one this is
still a very nice of you to make he's
the creator of mini green he owns mini
green everything and he gave me this one
that's the important part of this so
I've got some Orion purple baseplate
space trucks right here Ryden has a
sticker he's here with me at work today
so Karen Pannell I'm gonna put that on
it so I'm gonna let him pick out my
wheels red and say hi to youtube and
I've got some bearings we're gonna go
into straight quarters I'm going to put
this together and you guys gonna hang
out for it let's go it's a blue deck so
I'm hoping that it'll pick a blue wheel
that's blueish you want Jason Park
fitted shoes oh the John Hales
these are 54s though those are pretty
big you're just picking any ones he sees
and handing em to me those are also cool
to aaron Kyros we got some nice little
like water texture look at this is a
tie-dye wheel these are the 2018 for
slash wheels I thought you brought to
punch me in the stomach come on let's go
I'm sure you got some classic juju
berries of course white to white six
black there's you know look good
and riding what are these
okay that is a screwdriver no what's the
name of these company and you don't
remember your skating them Orion my
phone yes how did my phone do that what
anymore I don't know just start talking
to me
technology that's what this is why
people should be afraid of computers
these are rotten purple base plated like
Galaxy trucks I think they're called
ridin what are these called what kind of
wheels yeah what's what's the name of
the wheels all right
force you knew that right no you've
never heard of force wheels oh my gosh
okay well I don't know who scared this
usually Alex it might have been my
actual old board but what Alex does is
he takes boards people have skated cuts
them down into mini greens and this was
the cat nacho deck and this cutout works
really well because the cat faces right
there you got the nachos and of course
it looks skated because I skated on this
so poke all the holes in all of those
game although these four to don't stab
yourself either not kidding be careful
don't stab your hand your hands on the
other side of that we're gonna put the
hardware in here and we're good for the
truck Sean can you put the trucks on for
me I want the two the white ones right
here okay cuz the white ones are
supposed to go in the front tells you
which way to go I like how you stood up
wait what
that was like a magic trick I thought
you put it in there there push it there
you go no no here look watch would you
I'll show I'll do one you kind of like
twist it and then you push it in okay
there's that one it's not magic trick
you just know you got a deck can you
twist it and then once it's in pushing
in there you go see we can put the
trucks and put it on there that's
absolute all the way it goes I'm gonna
hold this and you can you can screw the
nuts up okay there you go
we did it alright now you gotta tighten
um buddy
can you skate this there's no wheels on
you so you hold this one firm like that
or you hold this one firm and go like
that keep going a lot a bunch of watch
okay you just keep your cool don't dance
it's been a while he's really learning
you keep this still the whole time okay
and then you just keep doing that and
it's working you want to hold this how
about you will dad and I do this guy
hold it really tight what's your
favorite Star Wars character read what
you do if I came home with a real porn I
like the fact is that it's what they
look like
it's my know this smells like potpourri
or something it smells like something
like good look look at the smell all
right round two
riding you do this again and all in all
hold this okay all right we're gonna do
a math quiz while we do this right and
what's two plus four boom nailed it okay
all right well we'll move to science is
rain a liquid or a gas bill
now that is Jason Park a liquid or a gas
he isn't no he's correct he is a no is a
person yeah you're not doing anything
there you go come on we got to do this
teamwork wheel bearing time I'm gonna
crack open these two shoes you open that
and try not to spill them all over the
skatepark because I have a feeling it's
gonna happen all right
you successfully do not drop with the
wheels everywhere that's amazing I had
to speak didn't I put the wheel on Hulk
it okay push push really hard this is
where you should actually stand up and
put all your weight in you do it it's
kind of done you got like one side all
right here
the wheels are tough the wheels are the
like the hardest part for a little dude
what is the Hulk's real name
I I know I'll give you this first Vina
oh it's good I'm proud of him what's
Tony Stark's superhero yeah it's pretty
lean on guys
yes we are what does it sound like a
sheep what was that oh do you are you
are loosening it you are loosening it
there you go you're glue sitting it
again go this way this wheel works this
wheel works there we go now the trucks
are probably super loose I'm going to
tighten these up especially with a mini
green thank you for helping me put my
skateboard together got fun dude I
thought I was getting a hug I was just
getting climbed over thank you alex
punic I'm gonna skate this in price tuk
I'm gonna make Alex buting there's Brian
ants by the way hey I'm gonna make Alex
beating do a jerk on this because he's
really good at him first get it is kind
of like shocking it's definitely
different than a normal skate park Wow
but it's a lot of fun I'm gonna do what
I can and then we're gonna bring in Alex
to do something more impressive totally
I've skated like four days oh my gosh
that was second try careful that might
be my best one ever I need to tighten my
back foot you think I'll get back 180
the hip yeah I don't know if I don't
it's been so long since I've done one of
these I don't know what I'm good at
I'm gonna do a couple board slides
backside flip time which I used to be
good at these he used to like this and
now that I said that it's gonna be
terrible it's gonna take me all this
let's know I want to be optimistic okay
he's gonna take me half a try I'm gonna
try right here I should have tried right
there I landed in the fakie manual I'm
gonna go with that because I want to try
a three flip real fast give me ten tries
and if I don't land it will make Alex do
it I'm not doing 360 I'll just try 540
flip eight more times two more tries
well I have landed that trick before if
you go way back in my videos but now if
you wanted you the the all-mighty three
flip he's sweeping right now I'm calling
within three tries I have PJs on why
because it's cold me I'm just this
outfit no matter what the weather is and
then if it's cold I just put a hoodie on
that's it
and I'm the idiot and I'm the ugly it
clearly doesn't get cold where you live
if you only wear a hoodie it gets like
negative 10 negative 15 sometimes you
did you did a first try that counts I
was writing a German okay thank you for
the mini-green and you are welcome and
thank you for making them in general he
makes them all the time and he sells
them so I'll put the link to where he
sells them right down in the info below
what's really cool is that they're from
skateboarders that you see here in our
videos so like Christian Jason Park
myself
Brian's via Thomas hour and all ago and
you know who's board you're getting
which is kind of cool if you trying to
let you guys know what board who's a
thank you once again thank you guys for
watching if you want to see more videos
I do videos all the time most days in
fact click the subscribe button right
below the video when you're signed up to
see more if you hit the bell button you
are notified immediately when I upload a
video that's it I just rolled over here
on this and it's very strange being back
on a normal stress crack but uh fun
stuff see you guys tomorrow
piste it out
and thank you this guy for my video
thank you for putting it together there
am i gross and sweaty yeah that's cool I
thought I was gonna say yes hey you
ready to go home and clean your playroom
cuz that's what you gotta do yeah that's
how I would feel to shooting too messed
it up don't you do that
alright I love you he's not gonna say it
back cool
he's skating your skateboard though
