warehouse Wednesday freakin pry names
there we go there is the man of the hour
Bry names yeah the man of the hour I
better not take you an hour okay cuz you
got a challenge to be done I've no idea
we're doing Casey do you have an idea
we're doing
hi holy cow yeah we are doing hi olli
you must have been listening when you
shouldn't have bribed Ames right here uh
Brian Ames right here he has pop you
know you look at him he wouldn't think
he does but he does he can Ollie up some
stuff and he was claiming the other day
he was like oh I could Olga over so many
things we're gonna put him to the test
as he many boards again always over
whats that whats the goal how many decks
I think I'm done six okay so if you do
six decks today you do not get beamed in
the head with a tennis ball oh great if
you do do six decks you get to be me in
the back of the heads s ball if you do
if you don't within after warming up you
got you five kick flips warm up you have
five minutes Ali six decks five minutes
okay go seven minutes hard okay
get like a minute of that - one - P oh
come on don't the Triforce again there's
the Triforce again it I built that it's
got a tag on and everything yeah it's
pretty awesome how much does it cost
what you do that for long distance oh
that's not gonna make it are you sure
no no give me no my shoe look my shoes
match my shirt
no you're not wearing boxer didn't make
sense oh hi Barry
okay see I don't know where a tennis
ball is can you go find one sure
five kickflips and if you miss three of
them you fail all of this what yeah just
a neural you should be able to land five
kickflips you know I miss three that's
one why don't you be a normal person and
do it over in the open skate ground
that's what miss that is one miss see
that's why I asked you to do it because
I knew you knew know where it is I was
amazing she usually screws that up that
was a proper kickflip Pope for
oh I was amazing Brody all right hey get
the alarm clock out what are you gonna
start with oh sorry three sort of three
man they are alarm clock dog come here
okay Ready Set start seven minutes for
hey is that for for necks whoo got huh
hey is that five five five decks pretty
tall pipe decks anything 57 six is the
goal which is that mean it's already up
there it's like it's Wiener height right
now it's about Wiener height be under
challenge you you should have said seven
next six seven minutes for seven bucks
to be good I can't believe you did it
that this is the most ever another six
six five hard six I'm gonna be rude it's
not I'm gonna stand up yeah well say
we're given a different answer on what
do we do if you give it first try I
don't know I'll give you 50 bucks 50
bucks how many of the 50 bucks right I
know where he keeps money this debts I'm
just gonna take it from them $50 all
here right here right here
yeah he'll answer right here he gets 50
bucks Ryan owes me 50 bucks that is when
that was implied right there minutes
four minutes four minutes for four
minutes left hey dude I think it's aa
problem hope you know because I really
want to beam you in the back of the head
with a tennis ball will give you partly
off time
run against it because we're not on all
pound six decks
dude it's going to be tough I'm pausing
the timer you it is back time back on
how much has he got left
3:30 dude ooh
if 215 is tall
sanim Oh Brian's getting stressed you
know that right
feel good though you think you will lay
on target
that's a Lord of the Rings reference
snap snap chatting
this is tall massive dude one minute
left
Brian aims for his ankle I just want to
talk about it oh it's not that was there
was at the beep
you just got he stopped the beeping the
beeps Brian you failed buddy I'm a
failure
I feel I get to be me the back and head
with a tennis ball can't wait I'm sorry
but on the bright side now you have to I
use the 540 flip which you can totally
do and then this I need more I use
probably yeah well you have to excellent
flip I owe you you did that you did the
5 first try that's pretty good
slobber doing at it I don't know dude
that's your one job is there two jobs
you have the clock then you have the
pencil Brodie took it all right Brian
execution style
get over there Brian you're gonna want
to face this way for this brian chambers
you wanna film us I want to make Brian's
life flashed before his eyes
oh gosh dude
we're done here now it's Brian's life
and my dog is yeah the ball has the ball
- happiest dog in the entire world
you
no you got to stick your arm up hey
let's go
where else why they Brian warehouse
Wednesday my name's you really have two
lines Brian what else Wednesday and then
Brian Eames make sure you say Brian
name's Brian Eames warehouse Wednesday
how it it's too late
where else Wednesday and then Brian
knees like this is just today you woke
up and you're like I don't know how to
listen or talk or any of the above and
for the bonus clip we have a Ryan
chambers up to bat here's a tennis ball
and watch it go it is gone forever
you
