what up YouTube voodoo new video got
crimps heyday of dollars my dad and look
at ya this is M let me see who's anybody
this is the crayons were using so what
we're doing is roots father-son drawing
I'm he's gonna draw some shapes or some
scribbles and I'm gonna turn into a
picture okay what does that sound like a
lot of fun which color should we use
first Oh green we okay we got dark green
or light green which one alright well
then here it is okay you have one piece
of paper here it is oh sorry draw a
scribble shape bigger than that buddy
okay whoa
alright maybe do something over here too
all right okay that's good enough that's
good enough
oh yeah I see it we got that and we got
a little thing over there yeah I'm gonna
turn into a picture I'm gonna use a
purple to go with this okay what I even
do it just watch it see me really cool
Anna red we need red em anyway okay hey
what do you think it looks like so far
but why hmm yeah well hold on wait till
you see what it how when I color the
tail no use the green and car the tail
okay you know what did this I see you
everything a d ha ha ha
he's a a t-rex fish that was amazing
okay here color color that green right
there all over there and then you could
put some pink into his tail all right
this is it are you ready to show
everyone what is it again
cool is a t-rex fish that's where the I
was or he drew the little circle
scribble and then that it was the cross
section and turned into a fish it was
like I just a monster fish I thought but
he said t-rex finish and then she makes
me the proudest dad in the whole world
let's write t-rex fish on here okay you
want to dump the colors out make him wow
that was the cleanest that you've ever
dumped anything out now we're gonna put
by eye
um ridin and Andy by riding and Andy
boom strong one done next on YouTube get
a piece paper what look at this what do
you see that what
there's nothing because we're gonna draw
on it what's what's the color that you
want to go with this girl's blue any p
uq alright let's pause now do something
over here okay oh wow okay I don't know
what I'm gonna do there alright that's
what he did
I got a figure one do it this is tough
I'm trying to I'm really trying jump
yeah I can't make that catch now I'll
figure this out I'm gonna figure this
out ha yeah
riding I got it I got it oh I shouldn't
use blue then a wallet it's not a walrus
all right boom this is the weirdest one
this is really weird
hey that's um that's an angry man
yelling at someone to get out of his
yard alright
so this is where ride Andrew I turned
that into his hair and he's the owner of
that guy who's running out of here good
in my yard and just to make a weird will
say cat because he's on a cat so it
doesn't make sense it's a odd it is an
angry man that's what will title it okay
and that's that's the thing I don't
think I wouldn't understood you there
but yes this is our drawing number two
we're gonna do one more right
okay whoa all right well yeah you have
to attend about it yes I do
that's what you drew a backup you draw
more wow you're really not giving me
much oh I got it I got it I totally got
it I got it all right Ron you want me to
make it a Xerox I can make this as your
ex this is two t-rex things though is
that okay get out yard okay
monologue but you made this one easy for
me making your teeth a little sharper
you can color this in okay ha pick tadka
blue taco all right and that's the name
of it right
blue taco here's money we came up with I
made that his tongue and then obviously
his teeth yeah you did you rocked it
give me five and we made the blue taco
t-rex and when he's excited
we're ready to put our names make the
sword drawing I think I like him the
best blue taco t-rex yeah pretty good
isn't it oh this is the pines upside
down yep there you go here they are so
this is a lot of fun what I'm going to
do with these is since I own revived
skateboards the forest wheels I'm gonna
put these in some random orders this
week you guys like this we'll do this
again and give them away keep giving
away to you guys but that's it
can you say thank you for watching my
video thank you for watching my baby
what are you gonna what are we gonna do
now make we're gonna draw Castillo now
yeah yeah I got everything we wanna
withdrawal with YouTube I don't where
did you do it again yeah heck yeah
high five you missed you reduced again
huh you got it hi guys
okay I got a really special one okay
watch okay don't look look that way the
whole time all right keep keep looking
not yet almost done no no no no no no
all right right look you know what it
says all right you are going to get
tickled yeah yeah Ryden what does it say
I forget what this says and you all go
in to get people oh you are oh you are
oh you are right and guess what I love
you I love you bye bye
