YouTube what is up it is giveaway time I
am gonna tell you the winners of last
week's contest that was here on YouTube
and tell you how to win some new
absolutely an okay thing to interrupt me
with what are we winning this week right
do you know more Mario yeah we're not
giving away Mario stuff although we
should we are giving away power not fire
that'd be a horrible thing to give away
on the internet but yeah we're gonna
weigh some portable chargers from anchor
so mi tell you all about how awesome
these are you probably heard me talk
about in some of the videos but I'll
give you the lowdown of why exactly they
are awesome but first let's go let's do
the winners from last week I gave away
two revives silver collab skate tools
and then I gave away to take over the
world sunglasses the winner of the
shades is Kaden Solman and scare - crow
won and then the winner of the ski tools
are Austin Mason and Noah Thomas so
there you guys go all four you guys are
the winners check your inboxes I direct
messaged you how to how to how to
receive this the stuff that you just won
why are you under the table Ryan Anthony
he's under the table okay but so yeah
this week I'm giving away some anchor
portable chargers and these are awesome
you've heard me talk about in my other
videos I just did a video on Friday
where I kind of gave an overview
overview about this but this is the
Power Core 20100
and it is the best I have had a lot of
portable chargers in my day this one
puts out 4.8 amps which I believe is our
industry record for from this size of a
char jur it is really really good it can
charge two iPads at the same time it
also has these high tech features power
IQ and voltage boost but what that means
is basically like when you plug in any
sort of phone or camera or whatever it's
charging this detects what it is and
what it needs to put out as far as amps
to create the fastest possible charge so
basically you plug something into this
and it figures out what it is and how to
charge it the fast as possible a lot of
horrible Chargers good just take a long
time to charge your device this is fast
you can plug in multiple items as two
outputs and it lasts a long time like
you can get like six to seven charges on
your iPhone from this a lot of them
lasts like one or two times I have never
ran out of juice on this thing I just
charged it once in a while and it's good
to go it's a lifesaver and
he's giving three these away to you guys
it comes with it comes about a nice
package this is mine it's open the
winners are actually gonna get their
stuff shipped directly from anchors so I
don't have them to show you in this
video but it does come with a standard
charging cable that you connect to your
computer or you know your wall outlet
and no charge it comes with a nice
carrying case and then anchor is
throwing in these which is really really
cool bonuses this is a powerline micro
USB so this will charge it even if this
will recharge your portable charger even
faster then the cord that comes with it
and then this is the powerline lightning
cable so iPhone 6 and above you this
will charge your phone even faster than
normal is a really really good cable so
three winners are gonna get the power
cord
20100 and then both of these cables it
is a very very good thing to have
especially if you're on the go like me
or you use your phone a lot it's just
this is gonna be gold for you it's gonna
save your life so how do you engine
right that's what you're wondering
basically you're just gonna go to a
first off you gotta be subscribed to me
make sure she's ready to meet but then
head over to anchors Facebook page it'll
be right here on the screen and over
there also be a direct link right in the
info and you're gonna follow them and
then post it on their wall and these
sent me and that's it you're entered and
within the next week I'm gonna go and
pick three winners for these and then
you'll give me the address I'll tell
anchor to send them to you and you'll be
happy so uh awesome if you're younger
than 18 make sure your parents are you
entering this and you can win anywhere
in the world we will ship there no
worries so good luck with this guy's
just reiterate you know make sure you
subscribe to me but follow them on
Facebook I links right down there and
then post Andy sent me on their wall and
boom you are good to go and like guys I
hope you win I think of that man in
Velen in Vail the link is everywhere
also in the video info right yeah so
good luck guys I'm gonna cut slow-motion
skateboarding I'll try to go deep in the
reserves so it's stuff you haven't seen
in a while I just don't have any new
content for this video and I'll be back
tomorrow with another video do daily
videos and then I will be back with more
giveaways for sure so uh oh and I'll
announce winners probably on my Facebook
or in a video I don't know I'll announce
winners but either way the winners will
be contacted and good luck with this
guys I will see you in the future and
here is that slow motion skateboarding
he was like a freakin battering ram
battering iron getting Brian's a battery
yeah
you
if you marry that 18 make sure your
parents are you entering this and you
can win anywhere in the world we will
ship there no worries so uh that's it
good luck ridin come say bye say bye bye
you screamed it
