previously on vlog Assad and going down
to Texas with Sam Tabor to film with the
major crew for the Halloween video one
get a hotel or just we need first this
is what I deal with
Biron Luigi there's probably the best
we're gonna look the whole trip because
we're about to get these so gross and
sweaty
I would hit the report button while
eating these okay whispers all day -
these are jelly a chili lemon pumpkin
seeds they're amazing
if you ever find these get them and eat
them oh yeah I'm getting some work I'm
actually I'm editing vlogger so - I'm
letting Sam sleep in a little bit but
when we leave frickin thrown pumpkin
seeds I'm totally getting this gordita
things for lunch and then we're gonna go
pick up Jason Park who got in last night
and time us and we're going to go skate
then the rest of the major dudes I think
are going to some Beach to fish which is
kind of funny and random sounding but
that's the plan and then we're going to
do the Halloween edit stuff again
tonight so fun day let's do this Hey hi
Sam you're awake I am very good you go
get some gourd you just yeah I'm not I
got shorts on but I won't in a second
it's gonna switch over to have pants on
boom I got pants on they're gross skate
pants but the pants I miss ridin so much
so I'm gonna watch this video and then
we're gonna go after you shower do you
just say boom I usually follow most
things up a boom in life oh okay we'll
just keep going bring it good good okay
so we're leaving every time I leave my
house a hotel room I gotta come back
make sure you just make sure right there
so it coming back yeah yeah they try to
get in you should come back so you you
do yeah I was over there then I came
back no it says what are this is I it's
not like I try to go and come back
I could literally eat your GoPro it's
the fact it's like I'm walking away and
I'm like man I should probably double
check that GoPros a gawp start would you
stop it it's all warm and there's palm
trees it does not feel like we're in
Texas it feels like we're in Florida or
busiest place in the entire world right
here right now I was so psyched to my
Gordy does I hate them
so fast without even thinking to show
you guys it but you guys can imagine
what food looks like Sam has food of the
wrong food yeah you didn't order that at
all didn't hear eating and saber notices
that there's a fleet of stardestroyers
above us they can just destroy anything
sir a lot stars alright so we're here
today at a McDonald's we're meeting up
with some of the dudes hey watch out Sam
one now back up back up back up I'm
doing this did you I got to go clean
this up hold on I failed
now at that time Jason Park
this is vlogger so what do you how do
you feel what the word vlog so alright
no it's not it's not alright did you try
to be nice okay I'm with you blog just a
blog so okay it's terrible thanks the
worst word in the world that's a little
bit high what's up doc it is Back to the
Future day to day right now too
oh yeah like absolutely I was go pro
pilot horrible I saw another corner of
my eye and I thought it was like a
McDonald's employee because your red
shirt that's how I further tried not
only a more reason to look but look what
I just did to my leg dude this is now so
we're hanging on Halloween store Jason's
trying to find an outfit han-soo he's
spongebob pants is you would actually
wear that to terrify me take a moment to
appreciate that you can actually be a
t-rex for Halloween haha hard to skate
with yes it would Doug please put it on
it's terrifying dinosaur am dyna-dude
am rex you look so scary dude you look
like a bad enemy from the Super Mario
Brothers movie did you ever see that
your skin yeah it looks like it does
look like oh dude I'll just be sued here
buta t-rex and it was like Tom what are
you doing day you can escape mode yeah I
feel really dumb me moving face is the
scariest thing you've ever seen in your
life
that's a different person dude how much
like that go I couldn't get it off it's
like glued or it's like someone go in my
house trust like that like I'm gonna
murder you I'd believe that through a
pilot so perfect
look at my beard killed good I'm buying
this this is horrible I do that
the trunk is popped yeah we're here
we're stopping by the major house for a
second I'll show you guys that video
game collection
I'm gonna go film it but then we're
going to go skateboard the greatest
thing in the whole world all these og
games I'm jealous I'm gonna do this
myself one day I have munch games I just
need to basically put him on a shelf me
like hey I have this so I'm about to
tell you what's happening with the day
cuz just changed but Ty's blogging so
much he let his vlog be in my blog we
are going to go to the Brownsville Park
but now we are going to the local part
Edinburgh because it's raining there in
Brownsville yep now you know just got to
Enver park it is raining and it's locked
okay watch this though that's not
darkness doesn't know how to open its
rate there's even a mark on this once
hey you want to that Kirk ride
I saw your career on net
time off speed oh that was good that's
perfect super sweaty hey sweaty hugs
beautiful beautiful oh hi buddy how you
doing
I miss you what are you doing tonight
are you doing anything fun I didn't even
expect you're had to do anything right
there
ah Doug I was so good so we've been here
a while
I haven't feel much for you guys for the
GoPro I'm kind of sore which Sam just
you know really good back to Philly
check out his room knows it all right so
we're trying to leave which is
impossible when you have a big group of
people at a skate park and three of us
I'll Drive
oh you want to drive it I would not okay
now if you want to drive you can drive
all you driving I'll be in the back mate
we are off to get Doug pizza and then
we're going to Brownsville more
skateboarding more skateboarding it
could be on the way to get Doug pizza
and we'll still have to get pizza in the
middle of that Doug has to stop eating
his pizza so he can get more pizza I'd
like Pete the pizza you got a hole he
got a whole pizza in my head he's gonna
eat all of it too
nobody's gonna pay that much for
potatoes we just got to Brownsville the
rain is like arriving this sucks
we drove an hour which felt like two
because time miles everything is much
longer in Texas really Ty and I like
aged a few years up here it is crowded
tonight a lot of people crowding in
JP JP is back
we have Pikachu well tailless Pikachu
she be awesome good you started raining
this sucks that did not suck I was
amazing I love you saw that jugs gonna
get some clips in the rain that's triple
Wow Oh as soon as I get in my costume
and Jason is doing this on a carpet
board oh my carpet board I mean a board
made out of carpet as griptape your
sleep man yeah so we're just standing at
echo in the rain Jason I skated at the
jingle filming so it might be a
pre-major channel somewhere in Bozeman
and we landed a couple things but didn't
hit the real trick so I'm soaked I'm
soaked wet I'm soaking wet
tanka so saber and Jason and everybody
talked me into putting this portable
suit back on to do doubles himself this
is good we're doing it just sucked back
in the suit and I'm happy we're all
happy here how are you Star Wars
reference Denise better do that Sam's
doing that you're 118 out oh that's
really nice
yeah I'm Mario and Luigi Luigi
yeah that's good lesbian epic high-five
has been epic high-five anybody wants to
know how soaking wet I am wicked how I
look it says force oh that is that way
okay so my waterlogged board I gave away
said I'm done with this I'm basically
eating going back to hotel at all you
know trip we gotta leave early lipstick
so Luigi yes
blankie do a trick give it a trick taste
it say goodbye bye Oh to the end of this
there's a real links of majors channel
so click the link and go check out the
olive oil oh yeah that he won't yell
deliciously yeah hey thank you see you
bye
goodbye
after putting it on I realize that this
is brutally for a kid I mean this is
clearly before a kid man
just walk around wearing small Mouse
