is five I am vlogger said three I'm
going down to Texas with Sam Tabor to
film with the major crew for the
Halloween video and we got to get tricks
so hopefully that works out because they
are vastly more talented than us it's
gonna be a fun time there's a lot of
people down there and make it vlog heard
about it and I still hate the word vlog
I'm gonna say that for the rest of my
life got some of your mouth yeah this
thing is a sandwich so yeah he's eating
a sandwich we're gonna fly to Texas we
have two stops which is awful
I've never done that usually it's just
like one stop which still sucks but uh
we're gonna go to Houston then to
dallas-fort worth and then down to the
major airport which a pretty sure the
only reason it exists is for major so no
major airport yeah it's not an I should
hold that yeah this games up there
sandwich we're currently missing a
flight here we go we're not missing a
flight we're at Houston though that last
plane is like the most uncomfortable
play in the whole world we're in Texas
and we have two more flights to go to
Texas pretty annoying it is annoying I'm
hungry already have a wedgie
all right we are in dallas-fort worth
the airport which is massive and I would
put this in my face I'm gonna wear that
and when the actual thing comes about
I'm gonna put it in my face I'm going to
eat chicken tenders got this for ridin I
was ever to my I go on a trip or fly
anywhere which is a lot I bring back
gifts that's what dads do I bring my
gifts for my son
the to just pretty good sweet potato fry
why do I raise my eyebrows that's some
creepy buffalo gravy
we finally arrived after like 10 hours
of traveling dude you were the very back
of the plane where you almost there like
10 seats behind me Wow you just start to
get another plane fast
everyone's secretary I'm never gonna get
a car get a hotel and get some food and
then meet up with the dudes I'm aw just
text me and said hurry up I'm gonna
punch him that's not gonna happen
we got the rental car all black car
black leather seats Texas would be the
hottest thing in the world you wanna get
a hotel or you just we need first this
is what I deal with also you have a
freaking console to pull people over no
it's a GPS you have no idea about
anything so there's a taco place right
next door that's where we're going ever
in McAllen Texas and you're wondering
where someone is just go to the mall
because that's where everybody is but I
have myself a gordita you're gonna text
remember that one time that I ordered
the smallest amount of food ever which
I'm fine with
trying to eat a lot so this is tiny mijo
looks delicious though it's got good
spice food these days did not know how
to have good spice I could eat 50 of
those right now was the most delicious
thing you got more and that was so
delicious hotel hotel - how did you wait
until the car to eat this that's a
self-control all right well tell me how
do cake look at it you know what I'm not
gonna film you eating that's weird it is
exactly what you think it would taste
like
oh it's good then it's pretty good rocks
this whole place is nice don't you look
it's like a little apartment cool it's
dark in here so yeah I'm gonna face down
the family then we were going to meet up
with time Austin Doug and then the rest
of the dudes eventually does it hurt to
get kicked yeah
hey do you want to say hi to YouTube say
hi guys
wait I missed this dude a lot it's gonna
be two days until I see him say bye
YouTube dude this is amazing okay so we
just got here okay
and I am time awesome and time loss is
time awesome dude yeah we meet high five
forget it small one
I know this is the one at this a Lego
block look Doug yeah
Bieber right yeah this is my third video
like this and I always like think I'm
like I'm like tie and now it's I is this
like time we just walk outside zeebee
you're out there like Newton Cameron
Corner
that's what we do do Eddie what's up bud
sorry I was hey Andy appropriately
there's Smash Brothers yeah creating the
tour we'll see you guys there cool and
I'm not ty I'm not as good a tie at
vlogging which I still hate that word'
that was chaos in that house we got a
tour that was pretty cool um really cool
spot to have a lot of awesome video
games I should have I should have filmed
that I should have filmed a games we'll
do that later but we're gonna go to the
skate park to get suited up and
hopefully do some tricks hey do you like
do you like to work vlog I like to vlog
I hope it doesn't grow on me no I don't
say that I was thinking about naming
this series blogs suck you should block
while taking selfies put yourself in the
car let's go
hey bring the water bring that water
we're here guys Brownsville skate park
first night of the major filming why are
you nervous guys I am Doug you've
already got a trick why would you be
nervous I don't have any I've got two
days to do it and I want to sleep I've
been up for like 20 hours straight at
this point I'll alone but it's not too
crowded so that's good George nice to
meet you George
this is vlogger so three and I hate to
work vlog they call me puke puke I knew
that you just told me that all skate
parks should have lights like this is
amazing this is where it's all gonna go
down I last time I was here I jumped
down this onto my kneecap is the only
thing I hit straight onto my kneecap
look who it is
JP what's up bud you gonna kill it
tonight
all right I'm getting geared up is Mario
JP is ash from Pokemon ever the whole
Internet's bad right now I'm just
kidding oh heck you like that guys
already now Mario Luigi just probably
the best we're gonna look the whole trip
because we're about to get these so
gross and sweaty oh my gosh it is so hot
I'm wearing full skate and this got up
and I'm sweating there's like a third
layer of sweat in between me and my
clothes I got three tricks you just got
one yeah everyone's killing it
mind-blowing stuff here I'm gonna see if
Mike you'll do a trick for us here's
your chance
Mikey's doing something crazy what's the
channel it's a dad TV dad TV yes you did
dad got TV that's the channel this is
being filmed for I'm gonna film some
background scenery Lana Del Rey oh good
like nothing what Nick is throwing down
this is pretty much why I came to Texas
decision or watch something like this I
am tweeting this right here
Nick Holt you want to know exactly when
he did that go on Twitter I'm gonna call
my mom I'm calling my mom right now
oh my gosh mosquitoes dude they're
everywhere all right so lights just shut
off and everyone grabs her camera starts
talking to blackness we're gonna go eat
I think I like to think so yeah we are
we are a Buffalo Wild Wings and we're
gonna rip your camera don't this is the
only one that I'm using this trip so
don't do that but we're gonna call it a
night and we'll start it I'll start back
out tomorrow so ty say goodbye bye bye
good night
oh that's a dragonfly I was this thing
like dancing how cool I was pointing the
camera in the wrong direction that's
what happened yeah the whole time if my
if Mikey lands is right here you're
gonna what I'm gonna jump and sack on
this rail hold on
Oh Mikey
you
