are you done are you done ok now that
Casey is done taping we have something
to tell you something kind of cool not
really cool in a sense but Jordan hunter
tore his meniscus that's the bad part of
this story but um actually the bad part
keeps going so Jordan under George
meniscus and that's horrible he was out
for a little while we thought used to be
out for a long while but either way he
had to get a surgery to get better and
now he's better and he skate again but
now he's stuck with a bill from the
surgery ok surgery build it is not a
small one so we thought we would do
something to help out we have this shirt
we made this shirt Jay Hunt is broken
that's Jordans nickname he's on force
he's part of the forest team and he has
an awesome dude you've seen him the
videos and we didn't want him stuck with
that bill so we thought we'd make this
shirt sell them to you guys and you guys
can help help him with the surgery about
all of the proceeds or whatever it's
called all of the profit from the shirts
goes to his surgery bills so it was just
a way that we thought we could help out
Jordan and there's only 50 of them but
will only be 50 of them forever so if
you want AJ hunt is broken T limited
edition for shirt it is on the
schrenkers calm right now okay it's on
our online store there's only 50 of them
if that really because a few and we're
going to go to the people the team so
grab one right now if you want to
anything else going in the week the
store this weekend oh we're going to do
with the the dude letter also we have
going on this weekend on the shrek
course calm is the dude series right
here this these decks that actually i
decide myself one says dude give me one
more try one says dude i'm not going to
sue you one says do don't just take a
letter you can hold these up and not
even say words to people kicking you out
of spots or someone you're playing in a
game of skate they if you get one of
these this weekend every single one
comes the free pair of take over the
world sunglasses so that's cool that's
cool that's it but yeah this shirts are
gonna go fast if you want a giant is
broken shirt do it and I want to say
thank you to everyone who purchases to
help Jordan pay for his surgery bill
that means a lot to him and us so uh
that's it guys we're gonna cut to some
Jordan skateboarding footage which is
good because he's very talented and
until that brand name what shave your
beard no oh
why would anyone do a skateboard trick
when they could just mow a lawn
all right now Jordan has successfully
backside flip the year ago let's see
what he has for the rape
