YouTube what is up guys so this is a
video that I've been meaning to make for
a while now and I'm finally getting
around to it this is five skate items
that you need other than your actual
skateboard maybe the better word is five
items you should have beside your
skateboard because you know really if
you're out there on this thing you're
doing something right but these are five
items that will really help you when
you're out there skateboarding their
friends these will make kind of go a
little smoother if disaster strikes or
you know just just listen it I'm gonna
tell you about right now you are looking
the other way now okay okay the first
item is a skate tool okay obviously this
is going to help you put your board
together it has something to fit
everything you need to do to set up a
skateboard so these are very convenient
and awesome also if something needs
tightening a mid skate session it's here
for you it's just a smart thing to have
like throw this in your skate bag car or
somewhere that's going with you and it's
all in one convenient piece they're
awesome they're just great for life this
one has a ratchet okay yeah I'm gonna do
this and it's fun ish it's getting kind
of knowing them when did that fold on
the second item is wax okay yeah you
never know when a box or flat bar is
going to be sticky you know you're at
the skate park you're at a skate spot
wax is just helpful I've been skating
for 17 years which is a long time and
every single skateboarder never has wax
like hey does anybody know buddy has it
and a lot of times that's been me I've
been just as guilty but lately I've been
really good about it and it's the best
thing ever bring some wax people put
this in your skate bag of your car have
it with you this is probably the most
important thing when actually out there
because the moment that you're trying to
film a trick for a video part or
something and you really care about it
you're gonna need wax and not have it
and then you got to go to Walgreens and
buy some stupid candle and it's barely
gonna work have wax get paraffin based
wax it's amazing
the third item is kind of broad but it
is backup gear this is just see this is
just old hardware that I got it when I
switched out into my new ones I cut them
if I can throw them in my little skate
bag and if someone needs a hardware if
it breaks or whatever or they're putting
a board together they don't have enough
you have it right here that works with
bearings bearings are really easy to say
if no one expects you to have like a
complete skateboarders backup but you
know if you have a deck that's like just
like barely cracked or it's kind of
beat-up and you switch your new and keep
that deck around you know like I said
throw it in your car because someone's
gonna need it having just old stuff that
might not be ideal to be skating but
have us backup is really really
convenient and it's saved my life I
remember one time I literally landed one
of the best tricks in my part just
because my friend had a backup
skateboard that I could throw together a
fast backup gear is amazing I put
together a merge NSYNC it I call it like
skate first aid and there's usually a
little thing in my car that I have like
a few bearings a few hardware you know
even sometimes trucks old wheels like
anything I have I just take with me so
make a first skate first aid kit could
save your life
or your friend's life it is a life saver
it's a trick saver trick it's a trick
saver as a better way to put that the
fourth item is a camera this here is a
GoPro there are so many things that you
can film with I'm filming right now with
a DSLR which is really really good piece
of equipment I film a lot of my videos
on that I also fun with the GoPro and
sometimes I film with my cell phone
you know these iPhones have great
cameras on them these days and you can
get clips and you can print use them for
video parts I mean like technology these
days is somewhat cheap and accessible
like you can get a camera you could
probably get a use GoPro for like 100
200 bucks and even if you're 14 years
old you can save up you can do some
chores like do something find a way save
up get a camera and you can document all
of your skateboarding you can put it on
the Instagram it's just kind of the
culture behind skateboarding like you're
gonna want some sort of way to film your
skating to watch it back at home
videography and photography in general
goes in with skateboarding so you're
gonna want to have a camera definitely
not a need it'll just kind of make the
skate experience really cool so do
whatever it takes
whether you're gonna go big and go with
the whole DSLR setup or just go pro
which is really good and then or you're
just your phone like there's there's so
many ways out there you can document or
skateboarding find a way to do it and
enjoy I'm gonna put the skeleton back up
I'm gonna use the tan to help me come on
come on buddy sit up so I just threw him
down the stairs I'll just grab his hand
Elise whoa let's go catch all right
come on look the right way why you hate
yourself and the last item is power
which is a weird weird term like bring
power portable chargers are the greatest
thing in the world in a lifesaver what I
just talked about having a camera your
phone in general like you're always
taking pictures taking videos but on
Instagram and it dies really fast in
2015 god forbid a phone lasts more than
a couple hours battery life I mean once
you've had it for a while
battery start to go really bad and that
is where these come in these are a life
saver this is a USB charger it's made by
anchor and this is the best kind that
I've seen you can definitely get cheaper
ones but it's a lot smarter to get a
nice product like this this I have not
let this die yet I've used it for days
on time starves my phone charged my
GoPro charges iPads this is the 20100
Power Core and it can charge two iPads
at the same time it is amazing and it is
saved my life more than once especially
your any normal person that talks a lot
to other people this is going to keep
you going DOS can you keep your filming
on your skateboarding in check and
you'll also be able to communicate with
the world to tell your mom you not gonna
be home in time so you don't get in
trouble all that stuff and I'm actually
doing a giveaway these for these on my
channel next week so tune in for that
but even if you don't win the giveaway I
would strongly advise getting one of
these it makes the skateboarding life
less stressful everybody uses them - you
have one and all your friends are using
them so tell your friends to do
something about it so that's it those
are five things that are really help you
kind of survive the skate day especially
with me like especially with me like
when I'm on trips I go out and skate for
like 10 hours 12 hours during the day
just massive chunks of my day or skate
boring and if I didn't have some of the
stuff it wouldn't go smoothly
you know like like in my breakup bearing
I want to be able to put a new one on
and keep skating if I want to be able to
like wax a ledge and actually like do my
trick and if I didn't have wax I might
not be able to do that and get the trick
that I'm trying so all this stuff really
really helps now Holly's just having it
most of the stuff you can get a skate
shops like wax and skate tools this is
actually a revived wax and this is a
silver revive collab skate tool we have
these both on the Shred course comm
along with all of our other products
that you need to skateboard so there'll
be a link right down there for that and
the end of the video any electronics
store is going to have like you know
phones or cameras where's that GoPro so
if you go to Best Buy or something you
can get a GoPro eBay Amazon all this
stuff's gonna have like used stuff if
you don't want to put a lot of money
into it and then anchor sells these on
their site so I'll put a link down right
there and
I'm really psyched to this brand and you
can get a portable charger I suggested
them all this stuff will help you I hope
you dug this video little insights we
actually just got a lot of new
skateboards I'm gonna show you five
thousand skateboards sitting over there
to prepare for our holiday release but
um and then I'll do a trick I don't know
what it is but I'm gonna do a trick and
I'll see you guys tomorrow I do two
daily videos so uh let's go
skateboarding look at these boards we
just got five thousand dexon yes and I
wanted to show them one the new red one
sure
can you show them that guide them up to
come out on Black Friday with our winter
Elise and Brian Ames is gonna unveil one
we're here try this one
oh we got a red colorway of the broken
board it's not the board that I thought
I was gonna be pulling that's okay is
that what you think you were different
red board this is the red color way of
the broken board it was really popular
in black now we have it in red it's uh
it's not actually broken but it has a
broken bone that's why it is broken yeah
that's what's called broken make sense
those yeah so I'm gonna do a trick and I
do it fast back to work alright so I'm
just gonna do one trick Casey and I'm
gonna dark stall the top of that okay
okay I've got just the board for it I
have a dark slide board okay okay right
this is the dark side board it's seen
better days
but it always lasts like it's been
around forever I took away the grip tape
so I could slide but I'm doing like a
dark stall so it doesn't matter but
we'll do it
just won the award for the dumbest
warm-up trick that's ever been done
I've never done it before well thank you
very good all right guys hope that helps
you info to get things like that is
right down the info or just go to your
local Sketchup and ask you should go
methyl Braun
I'm not messing with Bryan Ames today he
is way too stressed look him look at the
stance he has he's just like just
staring in whatever work is doing right
goodbye
hey this guy filmed it so as a channels
in the info it's got a good face yes I
did
bye
you
