warehouse Wednesday I killed I sorry
sorry tar right it's really in there
dude doing where us Wednesday hey yeah
so we're here and we're all in costume
we got freaking spider man we got link
tie will be something eventually we got
penguin and then we got eggs benedict
and and then I am Simon Belmont a secret
agent vampire killers that looks like a
vampire we're gonna keep it simple we're
gonna go inside
have you played Castlevania when you can
stop brandishing that knife play
Castlevania we're gonna go inside keep
it simple we're just gonna skate and
have fun guys you guys that's gonna be
very hard skater dude put the knife away
I want a head oh I'm gonna kick you with
a shoe so hard you penguin things can do
nothing you can just throw the knife
that's all you can do know what I have
fun oh yeah and don't blow with knives
guys cuz if you did that would be dumb
Tai is not dead no but your sound
effects are awesome and the old though
I'll be closed at 9:00 to start things
off Casey Beck was back no pun intended
Oh to the cheesy Halloween music or that
oh my gosh
I think a great time but won't look at
that it was amazing hey hey not you oh
not you although you filmed a lot you
deserve one but you dude I'm like a
warning switch heelflip that was nuts so
uh that's it fun Halloween hope you guys
have a good Halloween but we saved the
very best trick for last okay skeleton
where's the skeleton all right skeletons
gonna be doing sometimes beep - Timmy
yeah skeleton trick time skeletons get a
skateboard already roll away
dude fatality again again fatality
that's gone yeah he's done
oh my god oh pretty good you might have
got the nude I did get it Oh skeleton
you suck you suck at fifty 50s happy
Halloween guys we're done
