they will put it on this fingerboard you
get oh yes we are yes we yeah watch your
foot watch your foot watch your foot boy
yeah I know we don't have to but we want
to we want good guy so yes we do
it's right here yes like I said in our
unboxing video when we when we got this
my family in Wisconsin gave this to us
well I found out that it was Rhys Sam
strong and Thank You Reese can you say
Thank You Reese for this so we're gonna
put this fingerboard together and then
we're gonna get some stuff to skate on
and we're gonna use it well put a mirror
gathering David that's what we're doing
is let's do it let's do it
oh let's get digging let's get tickled
ah you look bored
yes dad a real European club I think the
bearings are actually in the wheels
there's all actual tiny bearings in
there which is awesome face and he'll
some fun rail and white rock yeah
exactly P reps finger boards so that's
pretty cool yeah and then of course the
board
see that's the graphic on it it comes
with a couple different grip tapes I
think maybe different bits of sticker
all now comes the grip tape we got the
whole thing here and this is a high
quality thing it's not some three dollar
finger board from the grocery store I'm
really excited for this and now yes open
now let's open it whoa you're really
good at opening this take it out he'll
stuff get out mmm oh we got a hold it up
say and see it - whoa whoa you did a
pretty cool look dad do that we don't
want this to go everywhere okay
okay so we're gonna carefully put this
up here hopefully we don't there's even
spacers that's crazy
I'm gonna be honest if you have one of
these and you lose or hardware it's me
like the worst thing in the world trying
to find it all right no I know but you
already look you already did let me just
pour it in my hand did you bite it no
how'd that hole get like that what oh
whoa
we don't want to lose it okay so what
we're gonna do is we're going to put the
trucks and wheels on first and then
we're going
grip it it'll make it much easier have
you really wanted to do this you could
put the grip tape on and poke holes but
I think it'll be a nicer looking
presentation if we do it this way so
we're not like serious finger boarders
like there's amazing finger borders on
YouTube and if we're doing some sort of
thing where you shouldn't do I'm sorry
you won't help me poke holes yeah see
how I did that
can you do the other three okay poke
those holes success okay see these
little you can't see it it's a little
bolt very very little we're gonna tiny
and cute schedule right it's adorable
lq so we're just gonna get these screws
ready all right let's get our first
truck where is it put can you put it on
see like you go oh okay so it goes on
like that all right
can you just hold it on it's not gonna
go in just hold it there okay all right
are you holding it in place and I'm
gonna screw these in almost done almost
done
boom all right boom one chuck is on
let's put a couple wheels on here you
wanna put them on you don't want to do
it okay I'll do it
thank you good a wheel it is you didn't
do anything at school no I have been
mobile you were just going do your
homework
how do you have homework we're three and
a half oh yeah kill the other yes we do
let's keep going you want poke holes
yeah mortals do it I can do by yourself
one hmm
one more damn no one all right let's
attach this truck which is your favorite
border there oh oh
every single one oh I like this one
because we have it press on the truck
and now we're doing the same thing on
the other side this isn't spinning eat
Griffith busy come this card
Michael Vaughn it's called microphone
oui oui yeah it's a sugar spiritus your
sugar I love you I love you I need you
to put the wheel on boy hey oh yeah just
like that
jigsaws thank you can I do I'd won yes
and we thank the garlic and it set the
grip tape yeah we need to put this on
okay oh you can help I'm gonna get
healing the grip
we gotta be very careful with it okay
I'm gonna put it on here
press it down against it what down the
whole thing move your fingers up and
down there ya go
dad's got even something to cut the
excess off you can talk to you too boy
long gone okay okay you got some well it
goes I feel but uh is that a way behind
yes it is so if you're a little guy like
ridin make sure your parents are doing
this up if you're a normal human being
just use your head be safe all right
so it's starting to kind of get sketchy
towards the edge here so I'm gonna kind
of file it down using grip tape which is
the caveman way of doing this but it
seems to be working
can you peel it peel this right here
whoo you do it yep there you go
yes I'm almost done all right
so it is a little sketchy but I'm do
more work on this um what I basically
did I put the foam grip on and then just
kind of grind it away the excess and it
probably looks get your in here you put
stickers on it thinking about food it's
done and we're good to go so we're gonna
get some skate stuff and we're to play
with it yeah I'm gonna clean all this up
do you wanna get the skate stuff and
I'll clean this up let's do it I'm ready
for you whoo we have the Halloween 16 of
course and what program is this from say
it was from Zane oh you want to the
first trick what you can get do
tailslide Oh tailslide Smith grind Oh
boom what trick was that and 5up
absolutely was you knew that good job
there you go I was a 3050 yeah yeah you
did your face was really close to the
camera right don't you
keep rolling away there you go Gillian
reaction it's got a flip more doesn't it
buddy it is my favorite trick so you
like jaws skating don't you because you
just tells it off of a building yeah
what a family I hope you like water for
my thinkable in the ghetto hey Phoenix
come on com.com I love you ha ha you
don't love me
you
have you seen the t-rex know what you do
of a t-rex came trick-or-treating
there's like beautiful parody you think
it's here X knows English I thinking
pick a cool and then all this total did
she eat it all
pig or yeah darn T Rexes
