hey there's time off his face hello and
then there's these guys and here's my
face it's way worse I was a vampire last
night and the light quoted it better
yeah as a vampire for Halloween party
last night and I haven't showered and I
look like you got beat up but I'm doing
a giveaway that's that's cool so yes if
you enter the coheed and cambria
signboard giveaway last week i'm gonna
announce the winners on my Instagram
since it happened on instagram so tune
in there today or tomorrow and I will
post the winners for you guys to to see
and I'm gonna go over here just sit in
the shade because this Sun is not a good
combination
okay now that I'm away from the Sun and
it's hilarious I was a vampire like I
gotta get out of the Sun I just realize
how dumb that was okay I'm giving away
some skate tools this week guys two of
you guys or girls are gonna win the
revived silver clab broken skate tool
it's not broken that's the name that's
the name of the graphic right here as
the broken graphic guys
we have two of them I'm given two away
and I'm also giving two pairs of the
take of the world
yellow sunglasses so for winners this
week and how you're gonna enter is
you're gonna go on to all of this
season's we are avenged so basically 50
through 57 right so far or maybe 51
either any Eddie we revenge of the 50s
and leave a one comment one comment of
why Thomas is funny okay so you gotta
leave it on everywhere revenge because
I'm going to pick one way or imagine
when you go through comments so you
don't know which one I'm gonna pick so
you if you want to actually answer you
got to comment on all of the we are
avenges in the 50s so 5357 leave a
comment on why thomas is funny you don't
have to do all of them but i might pick
the one you don't you don't comment on i
just figure this is kind of different
it's a different way to do giveaway oh
they just say comment on this video so
yeah I'm gonna pick my revenge you don't
know which one it's in the 50s
leave a comment why Thomas is funny and
your Android to win I'm gonna pick four
winners I will contact you here on
YouTube on a direct message as I hand
give me your address so if you're
younger than 18 make sure your parents
know you're doing this and you could win
anywhere in the world same as any other
contest and I'll announce the winners
next week
everyone asks when I'm announcing the
winners I always announce the winners
early the next following weeks that's it
guys good luck with that if you didn't
understand it it is write down the info
good luck to everyone who enters and
thank you for entering I did just want
to take a second and say I get I got a
lot of people like getting nasty and
upset that they didn't win the contest
like it it's hard you know I'm giving
away
every week it's not like I'm just like
giving one thing away and being done
with it like I'm gonna keep doing these
but if people keep complaining it's
gonna ruin it for the people that aren't
complaining and I'm not gonna want to do
a bunch of giveaways I do have them to
give away next week but if I get a bunch
of people I get super negative and upset
and rude
they didn't win something free in the
first place and bums me out and I'm not
gonna keep doing giveaways so just keep
that in mind
I like to give back to you guys this is
why I'm doing this every week I like
doing it and I'm gonna keep doing it
unless you guys make me feel like I
shouldn't do it that makes sense so
there it is that's a giveaway this week
I'm gonna go film a few clips of these
guys skating this ledge and then I'm
gonna skip myself so good luck and I'll
see you next week when I give away more
stuff here on YouTube
we got time off it's also on Katie's
channel apparently it's also on Ty's
Channel oh my oh my gosh are you okay I
mean that was kind of a dumb to ask if
you're okay clearly you didn't get hurt
oh my gosh I was beautiful
you're dead
alright so that's the video guys good
luck
oh wait that's video good luck guys
information is there or you can just
read watch the video let me go skate
then go home and actually shower and
wash my face away talking have you I
mean you can go comment on it we are
binge
I'm gonna put my wedding ring on there
we go
I take it off when I skateboard cuz it's
sometimes falls off it's not on that
hand there was like hey get a smaller
size Andy I did that and then I lost
more weight and it still falls off so
deal with it
