you freakin crooked get in get him go no
going to come I just used YouTube to put
a cricket into this Cup now I'm going to
go take it outside
alright cricket be free really hope it
didn't have like a cricket family in the
warehouse on the right side he could
make like I you know though like a
cricket Lord of the Rings journey out of
it like the quest to get back to my
warehouse family putting way too much
thought into this but yes so vlog is
sewed to the board vlog sucks I'm gonna
keep saying that for the rest of my life
day yeah I've got some more to do here
in the warehouse I've got an interview
to do with skate motivation
it's an Instagram page and a podcast
that'll be really cool I'm doing that
over Skype and then later tonight I am
going to the coheed and cambria show
they're playing Cincinnati not only am I
just going to see them and actually
doing a giveaway here on my channel with
them so I've been talking to like the
record label on them and they asked me
to do a video with Claudia which is kind
of terrifying because I've he's been
like they've been my favourite band for
a very long time and it's a little you
know it's a little weird meeting people
that you've looked up to for so long so
if that happens that's scary but awesome
so I'm really excited about that if it
doesn't happen no big deal my life goes
on I still get to see coheed and cambria
somebody go inside let's go see what
Brian Eames is up to here we have Brian
Eames unpacking a lot of boxes your
GoPro yeah yeah it's an exciting day
Brian Eames are you doing a vlog in
vlogging wouldn't ride chambers do thank
you I probably sounded like the meanest
person ever right there but is that the
moat the fastest thing to anoint anybody
in the warehouse is moving the pallet
jack loud yeah that doesn't annoy you Oh
but with I'm filming the pallet jack
moves it's like the worst thing they let
me go apologize around in chambers for
Jelena but forgive it
thank you for the pens yeah I'm sorry
Ryan chambers sorry for yelling to you
your pal Jack sucks but I'm sorry to you
yeah well I don't want anything do that
pallet jack
congratulations paper mate you make the
worst box in the whole world hopefully
your pens are better you're looking at
the scheming skate squad okay
that's happening I need to do some of
this on a scale from one to four
thousand how are you doing
three thousand nine hundred ninety-nine
cool I will fill these out on a scale
from one to two how are you doing wow I
like it I like that it was it was a
great question if you ever want to ask
that something because one they're bad -
they're great on a scale from one to two
how are you doing - good good he was
four so beat that took me out here why
are we out here Brian photographs
stickers from Josh Castille store
oh okay why are we walking to do a grass
field all right there look we're gonna
grab how the grass is a little flowy
need to find greener and greener grass
it's pretty green I mean if I was a
rabbit hanging out there fanning out
stickers is the dumbest in the world not
to come I will stop robbing my life and
ever right here it's not green at all
it's gonna be green after I finish
editing it there you go Josh cat
stickers on the strikers gonna go use my
stupid pit now my hopefully awesome pens
and fill out some order forms by the way
if you watch my videos and are confused
we own revive skateboards and then force
wheels and we sell a bunch of it online
and to skate shops across the world
Nick Lopez you get to be the dude that I
try out this new pen on Nick Lopez Cesar
Vega I like to think that you're related
to the Vega from Street Fighter to his
kennel he's kind of like Wolverines
friend because he's got like never mind
or about Heidi brazier I think that's
how you pronounce it lives in Australia
and she totally is about to be in summer
because seasons are switched there and
I'm super jealous all right I felt a
stack of this out now I am going to do
some video work and listen to coedes new
album which comes out on the 16th just a
coheed and cambria day it is good it's
friggin good
did some work as mech sir sizes not
Casey was nice enough to bring Taco for
me back from sport lay this whole bag
for one taco Thank You Casey
thank you again it's daredevil and Taco
Time
oh my gosh
taco was delicious but now for the
Coheed video tonight it's actually like
a movie quote quiz I'm gonna test it on
Brian Ames and I'm not gonna tell you
the questions but I'm gonna do it right
now I'm gonna tell you how he did your
video okay I'm pretty mad but I'm
guessing you're gonna get half right
I'm pregnant zero I'll punch myself in
the face if you get zero okay and you
have to try I'll try remember his mom
yeah he got half right I was right that
was good though see it wasn't that made
me hopeful there's some easy ones and
small ones right yeah we give the first
ones were easy when they got hard all
right send Ryan chambers and I want to
do him next Ryan chambers are you ready
for a quiz all right it's a movie quote
quiz Oh three so he did Bevin Brian
Brian got a five a five out of ten you
got a seven out of ten he wins you were
better at life you could have Brian's
portion of the company all right take
his office here go here we go write it
okay so that made me feel good about
that whole thing it looks like the video
with Coheed is actually gonna happen
because I've been kind of emailing back
and forth so fingers crossed
if not I'm still going to enjoy the show
but I have an interview with skate
motivation ten minutes so I'm gonna
start prepping mentally for that and
then uh I'm gonna do it yeah imagine
that
alright and I gave myself three years
and and I didn't say it on YouTube but
what I meant what I actually did is I
gave myself three years and I just
promised myself that within three years
of the date my life would be in a
drastically different place alright so
I'm done with that that went on for like
45 minutes but it was a lot of fun and
it's going to come out in a couple weeks
so I don't know when this video is going
up but it'll be in be up after that and
I'll let you guys know in a video but
knees tenderly came in today red broken
shirts which kind of look when they make
red shirts for me they literally just
print it like how it looks so it kind of
looked weird on red but that's why it's
on black for you guys on red for me
like it alright but I'm gonna hopefully
get out of here soon I'm gonna go see
what other guys doing then I'm gonna get
out here and skate what are you doing
dude you're not leaving you I'm leaving
right now you gotta sign stuff I've got
a signed stuff wait let me trying the
same today goodbye goodbye goodbye I'm
leaving okay
you want to come fill me no I do not at
all want to come film you all right
headed to beach my Park to skateboard I
don't have anybody to skateboard with
but I have a GoPro so I can just attach
my head I guess so no one's here which
is kinda nice cuz I'm having this stupid
thing on my head and uh it's windy it's
not windy right now but it was windy
when I got here but hopefully this turns
out alright I'm gonna scape a little bit
and then get ready for the show tonight
Maxon flips are always weird the first
time you try one oh my gosh
you suck pebble and I just threw it
right over next the box Oh can't wait to
hit that again
double hell no why these are usually
easier for me now first sure I felt
fantastic her a lot
all right let's be done with this yeah
whoo gotta clean that up that was better
nollie heelflip well that was fast
hopefully you can see it in the GoPro oh
gosh I really smashed my leg okay okay
so I just heard back from you calm down
radio
so yeah it's luck to the skating got cut
short but I got to be ready to go to the
venue where they're playing at any time
so I'm gonna go to the grocery store to
get a cake because it's gonna get
smashed my face eventually so that's
what I'm doing let's go hey babe I'm
gonna I don't know if Claudia was gonna
do it they're down there saying like the
rest of the Bands didn't might do it so
I don't know not getting my hopes up
yeah I guess they're like he has a cold
like he just wants to like rest his
voice beforehand like not do anything I
don't know I'll be driving down the road
that is a lie I'm actually sitting at a
stoplight you never know what cake
they're gonna have I really hope they
have a soft one they do it's gonna be
amazing it's right there this is the one
I want
five bucks I can do that you always buy
two in case something goes wrong because
it usually does and I got an email so
supposedly the caking from Coheed is
definitely happening
claudio might be involved but either way
had to run home to my in-laws get some
stuff and then i'm gonna head over to
the venue
thank Brittany my wife is coming with me
she's always been a fan of them - she's
pretty psyched oh I'm here I'm waiting
for Brittany and I'm eating
Josh cats introduced me to these desert
grape leaves and yes they look weird but
they're so delicious it's been a it's a
crazy day
it's a crazy brain like my brain is
crazy right now so I'm gonna eat this at
the plan a food meet my mouth there's a
squirrel hey you're a you're in a basket
ah yes you are you're in a toy basket
are you doing how was school never - my
acid he's in preschool by the way I'm
gonna go out to go film a video with
coheed and cambria buddy you want me to
tell them anything I'm playing north guy
for that you want me to bring I don't
have a nerf gun for Cody in Cambria but
I'll tell them that you wanted me to
bring them one okay I love you okay I
get a big hug very great big hug what I
love you so YouTube the football with
your hands goop you still made it happen
oh no let me get down here so you'd hug
you I love you you be good okay here
we're off I'm impressed you got ready to
quite fast I mean you don't even get
ready ready but how's your day yeah same
here we be off Jacob and it's a cherry
coke here right that's a bit I'm sitting
on stop light I just realized that my
leg has a huge bump from where I got hit
now the lights green I'm gonna go that
was weird we're here and I'm gonna look
so dumb carrying all of this crap hey
guys I'm the I'm the guy with bags of
cake there it is the moment I've been
freaking out about it's gonna be fun I'm
gonna cut away for now and get to
talking and then filming on my other for
another video so we're waiting for them
to come out to get us to tell us what to
do let me can see that it's rose and
Hey so boom videos done thank you dudes
for do you guys the best one of these I
got no absolutely Hannibal I don't give
you I don't have frosting on my hand or
anything yeah the video is already on my
channel but uh his usual I will forever
be a fan of you guys music we're done
here
backstage passes oh heck yeah bucket
list just getting striked off all right
love you so now we're doing as we're
driving home getting cleaned up real
fast and then kind of heading back or
gotta eat at some point do I'm hungry
disgusting I have like icing in my ear
was the worst thing ever but I'm glad
that I got that done before like way
before the show so I can just you enjoy
the show will you be driving Oh
back at the in-laws a shower is going to
feel so good
hiding in the pillows no no no it's
always a cave it's a cave do you need
help hi showered and got dressed and
realized that my shoes not my shoes my
socks are in my car
Bernice try gonna take forever but I'm
ready to go ish - my socks I'm excited
I'm gonna break through this window with
max know hey lookin at a wall well the
backs did but he don't blame me yeah me
you will get tickled happy you will get
tickled if you do I'm gonna go to the
show I love you and I will see you
tomorrow morning because you're gonna be
asleep when I get out okay we're off and
I don't know how the rest tonight is
gonna go you might not see much but I
will least film some cell phone clips
only if I get a GoPro into to Bogaerts
so we'll see yeah we're gonna try it's
gonna be annoying if I have to walk
right back out to the car and put a
GoPro in okay we were here cut to
concert footage for my cell phone and
then I'll wrap this up after that
goodbye
GoPro footage
you
Oh
so boom we're home the show was amazing
Coheed killed it it's like ice every
time I see them I'm like it that's why
they're the best band ever it's just
mind-boggling how good they are but and
looked at the footage from today that I
filmed with them for the actual video
that I did with them and my mic died
like immediately like the battery died
in the mic and it got no audio at all I
was like I'm like laughing inside cuz
it's it's like so crushing gosh it's
never happened to me before
feel like the worst dude in the world
I'm gonna make something of it but my
gosh I got to go I got to go I'm gonna
go cry in a corner
I'll be back with vlogger so three and
I'll be back tomorrow with another video
because I do daily videos but my gosh I
can't believe I did that I guess I
didn't do it I mean I checked my camera
you know like I did the steps to make
sure that the video was gonna go well I
just didn't check it in the middle of
filming that is my look that is my
freakin look I got to go YouTube I'll
see you in the future I'm gonna cry
w you're playing solitaire that might be
the most on three year old game I've
ever seen a little guy play
