youtube what is up guys so here it is
this is the giveaway that I mentioned
last week I'm doing a giveaway coheed
cambria and I have some awesome gear to
give away if you enter the cruiser give
away from last week I will announce the
winners on my Instagram so stay tuned
there for that I'm probably more excited
for this giveaway than anyone I've done
so far it is awesome partly because I
got to meet the band last week it was a
really cool experience and they were
nice enough to sign the grand prize a
revived skateboard it looks gorgeous
like I saw this what happens I gave it
to him before the show when I filmed
with them and they gave me some after
show passes to come hang out with them
and I did so to pick up and pick up the
deck and talk to him when I saw this I
was like oh my gosh it looks beautiful I
want this for myself but I'm gonna give
it away I'm gonna give it to ya it's um
but yeah the whole band signed it to
Claudio himself even signed in the beard
of beer for ought to I think this is the
only signed skateboard deck that I
couldn't find any online at least you
know it's definitely the only signed
revive skateboard by coheed and cambria
um super super psyched on this and
whoever it goes to i hope you cherish
this and put it on your wall and just
let it sit there and glory it's also
going to come with this shirt right here
and this is a medium I can also do large
if you want to wear a large so that's
the grand prize and the runner-up prizes
I'll pick two runner-up prizes which
will get a copy of their new album
that's the back of it there it is color
the color before the Sun this is the
first non conceptual album they've done
like outside their sci-fi story so you
get a copy their new album and you also
get a t-shirt so the runner-up will get
the album and a shirt this is an awesome
graphic by the way all the graphics are
really really cool and then the other
shirt to go with the other album is this
pretty awesome now before I tell you how
to win let me just tell you that you can
enter anywhere in the world okay it
doesn't matter if you have an address i
will ship to you and then if you're
younger than 18 make sure your parents
know you're entering this because you
have to supply me with your address and
also this does have an explicit content
warning which basically just means as a
few curse words it's nothing crazy but
keep that in mind if you're younger than
18 and you win this I'm going to make
sure that your parents know you're
winning this so just filled until hey
mom and dad I'm entering to win this
album and possibly skateboard that's it
how you win is really really easy you're
going to go to coheed and cambria's
instagram that's at coheed and cambria
and you're going to follow them click
that follow button and then you find
this picture right here it's
I think I posted on friday so you might
have to go back a little ways but find
this picture and just comment your
favorite coheed and cambria song okay it
doesn't matter if your favorite song
differs from mine I won't hold that
against you but over the next week I
will pick the three winners and then I
will announce them next week so that's
it super easy just follow coheed and
cambria find this picture and then
comment well your favorite song and
you're entered to win they gave me more
gear so I might give away a couple more
things up Coheed and Cambria in the near
future but for now that's a lot of stuff
I want to thank going and cambria for
doing this with me they've been a my
favorite band for a long time and I'm so
psyched to be doing something with them
and just you know like packing them and
supporting them the new album is awesome
the link to get the new album if you
want to just grab it and you should is
right down there in the info but good
luck to everybody who enters I don't
have any news skate footage to put in
this video so I'll just do some slow-mo
tricks something you might have seen
recently but there you guys go good luck
with the contest if you didn't get any
of that it's right down there info until
next time
you
that's it I'm alone I'm totally alone
right now sounds super creepy when you
say that but really it's just stating a
fact I am alone I when I say it look
around kind of creepy I'm alone this is
I now it's weird now it's weird me out
you
