YouTube what is up guys remember that
one time you're watching this video no
you don't because that's right now I'm
gonna stop saying stupid stuff yeah I'm
putting the board together so I'm gonna
put it together I'm gonna tell you what
I'm putting on it it's everything new
today so that's kind of cool even shoes
so I'm probably gonna skate like garbage
but I'll film a few tricks for you guys
to watch it but yeah every every season
I've been doing this this is my fall
setup and with my old setup which I
don't have with me I'm gonna give it to
somebody that could use it because I'm
putting on a new board to show you got
some new products and frankly I needed a
lot of new things so let's get let's get
to it get to it let's do it let's do it
okay Garrett's gonna be nice enough to
film me totally didn't play in that dude
but thank you you're welcome
I can't see what I'm filming we have a
revive deck this is a beard fraught to
deck we got og Nosferatu on it with
Brian Eames beard because I played that
prank on him that's another video though
and then I got some AM grip grip tape
with some Final Fantasy 7 cutout action
that's one of my favorite games of all
time it's actually like the greatest
game of all time so that's why I have
that there so I can look down and be
like okay I am a nerd for my trucks we
got some blue base raw metal Orion
trucks I thought that would go nicely
with the blue esque vampire guy I have
some 52 millimeter force slope wheels
again I went with the blue I know I like
red but you know what I'm doing a blue
deck I guess blue is supposed to be
depressing right yeah it's like a
depressing color like that blue Abadie
but died whatever you know I guess so
it's not depressing to me I like it the
sky is not depressing there's proof
there we go you're an idiot even a clown
I'm just kidding oh it's aren't idiots
horse hardware I just went with this
because I grabbed these and then I was
like I'm gonna put these in my
skateboard we have some fkd Swiss
bearings yeah I usually skate synopsis
but I just these versus laying around
and I'm just I'm shiny of these for
these completes so that's awesome hold
on with us together and I'm gonna do a
few tricks on it and that's that I got a
subpoena for it which is just weird
because I didn't know I haven't ordered
was flowers poles finally poked boring
at my hardware I dated her even though
she had a horse there was just like tuna
casserole everywhere take the whole day
I mean it wasn't a matter of dunking it
was like do you have the money she had a
bigger mustache than me which hormone
pills will do that I was adopted and
then they gave me back to my illogical
parents it was a cactus and we all knew
it like it wasn't a secret seagull or a
blue kid the kid if you're gonna get
that mad over a game of Monopoly bully
you should leave he changed it for 15
bracelets so I told my uncle I'm not
reading the leaves like I told like four
times I think was the writer of Sesame
Street
pretty sure
I just did not have what it took to be a
mechanic but that was the second time I
did that my foot was all the way through
the wall and my shoe had blown off dude
because the clown yeah and then after
all that I made the grilled cheese
that's what I had for lunch here is my
new complete just to reiterate we got
the revive skateboard beard Fiat - beard
farhat - we have some Orion raw trucks
with the blue base plates we got force
slope wheels 50 to a millimeter fkd
Swiss bearings force hardware and then
of course that did a sticker to all the
companies I'm riding for / wrapping as
AM grip of the am grips up here yeah-ha
before so ryan revived so here it is now
Gary and I are gonna go skateboard and
hopefully film some tricks for you well
before that I gotta do a kickflip test
okay
I have new shoes - these are my favorite
skate shoe right now so good the S
Swift's brand new pair don't judge me
too hard about on my kickflip tests here
in a second because I have brand new
everything
pickle cast
I doesn't get any better yeah dude I'm a
good just go home go to sleep then all I
care just get out of here
here we are at the ledge of death we're
gonna do some escape I'm gonna do some
hitting of cracks I'd do a couple tricks
on this and call today maybe I'll call
it a day they call it a video you kept
going like you ran out of wax and you
kept going
that was weird though oh wow you just
went right for that because just a
little more normal way of doing it oh my
gosh that feels perfect you
okay so there you go
this is my fall skateboard setup if you
guys want any of this gear you can get
it at our online shop the shred course
calm the links right down the info but
either way find yourself a skateboard
and go out skating and have fun that's
it I do do the videos so hit the
subscribe button you want to see more
from me what I'm like covered in sweat I
gotta I gotta stop
thank you guys for watching you guys
rule subscribe or die it has been a long
time since I've said that it's like
skate or die if you guys remember that
term but subscribe or die
either I'm done goodbye
safe Thank You Carl and coddled and
caught a day
you
