you
youtube although i have a story for you
let's go sit down on a rock let's find a
rock even watch my channel for a while
you know the coheed and cambria has been
my favorite band for a very long time
make that very clear i listened to him i
talked about him I just I'm III either
way I got the chance to do a video with
co hidden camera clearly you just watch
what you watched and it was it was weird
in a sense because there's only a few
things that can make me feel a little
nervous and this was one of them I
usually am just fine walking into any
video situation and when I was doing
this I was like I hope this goes smooth
okay but you get away from me you stupid
bee when you look up to people for so
long it just it gets the thing where
you're like you know like you're never
gonna meet them there be I'm gonna punch
you in the face right now let's go 1
comment I'm gonna do it I do not care
how many singers you have I will punch
you I actually did I actually did punch
him there's a wasp I don't wanna all
right but when you look up to people for
so long you get this thing you're like
all right there you know rock stars I'm
never gonna meet him and all sudden boom
I was with them I had this crazy idea to
do a movie quote quiz and with the
winner of the quiz whoever got the match
the most movies with the quotes we get
to keep me in the face how could that go
wrong right well the way that could go
wrong is that I checked all my gear to
start you know everything was working
good and I guess my microphone died like
right when I began filming and I got
nothing I got a bunch of video with no
audio so I literally when I had this
realization my wife realize it in the
car was we're rolling away I felt so
good about it it was a cool video is
awesome I realized that there's no audio
and I just felt like I don't know I felt
crushed I was like I want to punch
myself in the face and crawl into a
corner and then punch my face again okay
just repeatedly in the corner darkness
punching myself in the face but I
wouldn't let this go to waste I made
that little goofy trailer thing to show
you guys it was such a cool moment it
was awesome meeting on their super nice
guys and they were psyched to pump kate
me in the face as they should be i'm
glad that happened maybe we can do a
Redemption video feel free to go on
their instagram at coheed and cambria
unsay you should k candy again but that
should happen but either way I am
working with the band a little bit more
we have a giveaway with some co eden
merchandise and let me go get it it's
sitting here on a rock the grand prize
of the giveaway is going to be this this
is a revived X eynde by the entire band
and Claudio even signed it in his beard
I was awesome of him I unfortunate did
get to meet Claudio as you know she
wasn't the video he was sick that day
he was trying to rest up for the show
but you know i don't know maybe maybe
like I said the redemption video who
knows maybe he can get in on the
redemption caking if that ever happens
but either way we're giving away a lot
of coheed shirts we're gonna do this
board this is a one-of-a-kind and this
is the only chance you're going to win a
signed skateboard by coheed i'm pretty
sure i think i can confidently say that
they that there's no other sign
skateboards out there by the band so
tune in next week for that in the
meantime check out their new album it's
so good it's the color before the Sun
it's the first like non conceptual album
they like stepped away from the sci-fi
story they usually do and they did this
album it's really really good it's it
melts your ear balls off and you'll like
it you can get it on iTunes you get like
any digital download type service that
you use or you can go to a physical
store and pick it up just to find a way
to do it because it's really good your
ears will literally start talking and
thank you that's not something that
happens often info to get that is right
down there but either way if you don't
listen to go eat go on youtube start
listening to them love them they're
gonna be your favorite band really soon
so I would like to thank you in cambria
for doing the video that I had my camera
messed up and all you guys for watching
definitely check out Coheed and i'll be
back with daily videos so until next
time it's windy be i won let's just put
that put that on your freaking marker
board I want these don't have marker
boards I was a stupid thing to say
see I got all these ducks man okay and I
put him on this ball and it yeah but was
all you know Manohar put him in this
ball so i lassoed him oh you did yeah I
just lassoed him and put him in there
then they were all over the place i'm a
farmer
you
