Veronica don't care
we're health Wednesday it is where else
wasn't it I do not have time for this
desi
oh is it warehouse Wednesday its
warehouse Wednesday warehouse Wednesday
why'd you blow it dude
warehouse Wednesday there two hands get
you that works out warehouse Wednesday
the fall that never stops falling dude I
know it's something right now but I'm
telling you it's supposed to rain today
what in the world was that a rate of
donor warehouse Wednesday yeah are you
alright I'm fine what day is it we're
authorized warehouse Wednesday warehouse
Wednesday geez what happened tricks man
well I'm here where else Wednesday teas
at home
got a package survived where else
Wednesday her grandpa looks sexy right -
all right in the foot
that was weird warehouse Wednesday
noise ever yes it is backwards what are
you where warehouse Wednesday how many
times do I have to say I tell you guys
do you actually do it the right way well
I was going to walked out of that and
got hit by like 20 water balloons
alright well I do that not happy
that was an impromptu way to start this
jeez what is it
warehouse Wednesday Wednesday good get
out of here Cathy I need a real coffee
now you're fired
come this way you're so angry that
worked out
warehouse Wednesday hey how you doing
where else Wednesday house Wednesday
that sucked
Brian warehouse Wednesday boom
where's it going oh my gosh you actually
oh hi there we're doing a warehouse
Wednesday we hold the carrot Hannah get
rid of it hey come on boy come on come
on come on good boy
uh-huh jeez where how's Wednesday no no
yeah yeah I'm good
where else Wednesday not I'm so glad
oh you're dripping why did you do that
you are terrific
I am definitely dripping we're girls win
sets suck you got you healed you better
can we go back inside it's raining
okay see what you do to earth warehouse
what is this it's where else was it it's
October
kidding
it's October scary interest fault its
warehouse Wednesday it is warehouse
Wednesday too
warehouse Wednesday warehouse Wednesday
Brian where did Brian go first this time
warehouse Wednesday yeah that's what the
date ping-pong for your rocket would you
do - no way dude high chance for Brian
Eames here you just killed Santa good no
not good that was Brian oh yeah now you
feel bad just kidding
it's warehouse Wednesday hey is it Brian
its warehouse Wednesday Brian Brian
break his heart break his heart
warehouse ones that know what's so good
right now why didn't wasn't a fast thing
don't I told you
why you denying macaque dude freakin
warehouse Wednesday yeah except the
warehouse Wednesday is already over it
is so bright outside and so cold it is
so cool - yeah that is the this is the
recap episode we do this once a year we
show you all of the intros we have done
in the past year and they're really fun
we actually usually have no idea what
we're doing with the intro until we
start filming and I just kind of look
around just come up with an idea but
this is one of my favorite videos to put
together on my channel we're gonna be
back to our normal things next week but
we are gonna make this guy using
skateboarding cool in celebration of
where else Wednesday one more year of
warehouse Wednesday he'll do like
whatever you want to afford tricks
because three or five would be
predictable for all the forks portraits
sure you want to do it shirtless no
outside no it's like 9:00 a.m. it's
10:00 man it's oh yeah an hour
difference from you to me okay
what's your first trick
that's a Brian name signature but I
think that was the cleanest one I've
ever seen you do I don't love that I do
I think we're gonna do all signature
tricks today but I'll put a little bit
of a twist
you were hopeful would burn you if you
were so not set up the way Wow
bright names you've gotten good at that
trick I was also the best one I've ever
seen you do
that's pretty good
bangerang peter the worst kickflip you
know no I've seen really bad keeping but
the kickflip was very no it wasn't it
wasn't the worst dude you need one more
oh you're going back to the roots of
this ledge fortress good job
look we've really looked like we're the
same person right now but thank you guys
for watching this and thanks for all the
love and support you guys have shown all
of the warehouse Wednesday's I can't
believe we're still doing this pride the
same thing I said last year Riley did
this video we still like to this day
have a blast filming them girls so we
hope you guys continue to enjoy enjoy
them we're gonna keep making them of
course oi be back next week with a fresh
new where else Wednesday and we will
start saving up for the next batch of
how to open a door
yeah the new year will be do it nears
theme somehow yeah maybe
every trick they have to do is new
that'd be a long video you guys want to
see more hit the subscribe button right
down below your sound to see more videos
if you hit the bell button you'll be
notified right when I upload a video
this guy also has a channel I'll put it
right in the info show him some love and
support
but either way you guys have a great new
year and thank you for watching thank
you goodbye
what's your favorite thing that's ever
happened in a warehouse Wednesday him
getting hit hard that's mine too the
what the one time the multiple times I
think is talk about me being punched in
the face he did you remember that when
Casey haymaker him yeah he hit you oh he
hit me yeah well we should bring that
back every episode you know yes can you
play it right now I'll try
