just kidding where else Wednesday I
didn't kill you with that look really
good though yeah you're welcome
it's October we got to be scary hey
don't pop that ball we need it all right
this week you hi Doug hi
we're gonna interrupt me all day yeah of
course a few tricks on the hubba do it
in the manual you're gonna have to do a
kickflip noseslide 270 shove it out you
have ten minutes and do it but the
caveat is you have to do no slide you
know it's like 270 shove it in a cape of
nose slide as warm-up tricks before you
do it you know do it all within this ten
minutes all within ten minutes do it you
get to kick this ball at us if you don't
do it we get to kick the ball you and
hope some real and got that yeah you get
a little roses
gift card if you win it I was supposed
to I was going to make you do it
yesterday but you guys got here late so
you can use this next time you're in
Cincinnati Park isn't it fun you failed
so yeah a pup no slide used to be
showing out from the hip down the hub
okay which is pretty it makes the hub a
little crazier and taller but you got it
to warm up you got to do the notice line
notes like to shove and kick them no
slide down it's all of this within ten
minutes and you do it I'm trying have
you do where Brian's said okay you get
to kick us with the ball until you hit
us in the face and then if you don't do
it you get a kick in the face then you
get this if you win
so yeah whatevs now when we good and
then I'm gonna do this right right we'll
try that while you're trying it Jordan I
are gonna try this it'll be a side plot
okay
oh thanks sir not at all right here it
is you're gonna start here and then go
down this Brian are you ready time I'm
ready time well you gotta get in your
mark Doug he's window we've marks his
mark well I feel like if you hit the
watch I never really we're going to
start at the time when he's here is not
fair okay
Brian's got the alarm clock are you
ready Doug and Doug goes ten minutes get
it get it wow we did it first shot
that's like the thing
that was amazing we're like really good
at this yes you are
he's eight minutes and tensing that was
pretty whoa whoa kickflip noseslide
let's do it Doug down four minutes and
50 seconds to get this you have about
five minutes to land this Doug
oh my gosh four minutes 30 seconds
you're good I really didn't see that
coming dude oh man do you like you kind
of just played us how does that I cannot
believe you did that first strike will
you stop it
will you stop it will you stop it I'm
grabbing this okay all right now you get
to kick this brine Ames and I and you
hear this each in the face okay yeah
that's how it goes
Doug you get to give a good kick wants
to be there there just go
just running kick it oh my gosh scared
yes oh my gosh
Oh guys I could have just taken it and
that would have been mine dude darn it
just in case it hits me I'm gonna go
like this okay you just knock us out as
perfect
hey Doug why can't we see you can he
kick the Glens because he didn't make
camera my head's it broke my lens
all right let's switch the long lens
Doug you broke my fisheye but you know
it's all part of the it was part of the
risk involved sawed in half do you want
to film long lens I just got hit by them
you just broke a part of the building
off Doug how many things you're gonna
break dude no and here's the aftermath
of what happened you think you can fix
it Doug probably do you think you can
fix it Jordan thanks for what
oh yeah Doug here's this here's your
peers your win I get practical Pete the
next time
yep sorry there
