get on the couch get on the couch but it
what are we doing
well not gonna be we are making a video
but you know what kind we're doing an
unboxing and not I get something but you
also get something it's not excited
don't put your feet in my face boy
haven't you dog that's true at least
you're honest about that alright box one
I can't see you anymore
where's riding oh there is we found him
no do not punch boxes get up here get up
here and put your blood right here put
your buns right here sir
buns couch yeah you'll poop I'm a cake
why why my cake is not a cake in your
face that makes me a cake what alright
so this box is from Hell eclipse which
is an awesome website where you can just
go to it and watch skate videos all day
pretty much don't do that you should
skate and watch hella clips okay don't
forget to actually skateboard but they
sent me this and I'm really excited you
probably will throw the stickers
everywhere too but you got to help me
clean them up if you do okay
high-five agreement really you been
hanging out with Sam taper having you
yeah but I think I know it's in this and
I'm really excited to be opening it up
so let's get right at it yes you can
help here grab no here I'll get your
good spot No here grab no oh you did
havest you already got a sticker the box
is even open you have a sticker oh that
was the secret will you be having it
open hey I know what you're doing oh no
you didn't throw it so the camera can
see it in the meantime I fixed my light
saying is because it was set to Sun buns
couch proper sticker through good job
okay now that we got some sticker
throwing out of our system we're gonna
start opening this up what's in here
what do you see oh there's a lot of
shirts lips okay so yes they sent me
shirts again and they send me a lot yeah
that's not a donut that is a maze that
says help flips pretty amazing that's
amazing
see that I know who drew that I draw
mazes on Instagram check them out
this is amazing amazing hahaha
that's why said yeah
bread I didn't mean to say that though
so yeah boom there's a lot of shirts and
they're really soft they know that I
wear red shirt so I guess they another
maze so I guess they like specifically
made me some red shirts which means a
lot
oh I like this one a lot this is a
bigger piece I'm like that at me I like
that me
you do like that maze be gone it is a
big one oh well great assault ah right
there seems to start okay so Wow
three red shirts so far I'm set for a
while and another I got two copies of
this and I got two copies of the donut
shirt that Ryden thought was a donut and
it's awesome and they're super soft um
and the red so I get to wear them and
even more shirts that I don't get to
wear so you know do why is that I see
this one I'm gonna do it keep-away with
these in the future
aren't I right oh that's going give them
away I am gonna give these away so tune
in my channel in a couple weeks
cuz they're black
I don't wear black shirts so I tuned in
in a couple weeks I've got a few
giveaways plans so I might take a second
for me - did you do the giveaway on
these right in well so we have look do
your thing up up this way no no there's
always behind the couch so I get to move
the couch now after we're done filming
you little little punk you little punk
thank you - Nolan at hello clips and
hello clips itself that's so awesome
like I said guys go check out the
website I'll put a link right down there
if you want skate videos it's like I'm
done inca lied on the TV you to put a
link on the TV but no seriously if you
guys want to watch they're just amazing
skating it's a really awesome site so
definitely check it out and then stay
tuned for a giveaway on those shirts and
I'll pry throwing some revised stuff or
something now it's write-ins turn to
unbox something are you ready to get
something hits your buns couch buns
couch I don't know it is I'm excited you
don't know what it is yeah where is it
oh here decided you know you're getting
oh no no this was given to us at the
skate and hang we did at all a skate
park with the reviving team a couple
weeks ago
they're like this is for riding they're
from Wisconsin I didn't give their name
there was so much happening so I
apologize but a wonderful caring family
from Wisconsin came all the way down to
Ohio to hang out with us and give this
to Ryden and that was super nice um so
so thank you
we're gonna let you get this are you
what's the magic word does it uh no none
pick it up
what is that Keith there's more there's
more keep going oh wow okay I actually
didn't even look at this myself I kind
of knew what it was but and like get it
out and look at it and this is awesome
you feel me yes look so there is a
fingerboard there are trucks with
hardware I want you to see this and
there's wheels with actual bearings it's
like an actual fingerboard and I know
you get your buns couch buns couch and I
know that these things aren't like tech
decks we just buy them for three bucks
at the store so that means so much by my
phone fake it from the bottom up
Authority thanks you but seriously it
means a lot to us so thank you Wisconsin
errs we're gonna do a whole video with
this so we'll do a whole video where we
set this board up and then we finger
board with it um but that is it right
written Oh ridings I get entranced by
this this thing so all right so let's
put this back in here and then we'll do
a video all about this right right so
thank you very much hello clips thank
you much family from Wisconsin you guys
are the best right a night way back with
more videos and we will do that
fingerboard video for sure and then
we'll actually do some finger boarding
on it I do daily videos here so the
subscribe button if you want to see more
for me and this guy is always in my
videos alright sure so until next time
guys watch out for the hello coups
giveaway and I'm done no no no no you
just threw the stickers of YouTube how
many feelings Ethan you hurt her well at
least you have all dress
I'm going on the couch you are laying on
the couch with that you take your shoes
off - you're like ready you're ready to
just get comfortable and go to sleep
you
