youtube's what's happening guys it is
Monday so we're doing a giveaway before
I tell you what we're giving away this
week I'm going to announce the winners
from last week which is a custom
griptape artwork thing that i did with
am grip and Doug and his channel so the
winners on my channel there's two
winners on my channel one on doug is
khlo ants one and one juicy panda okay
if that's you you should have a message
your inbox telling you how to claim your
grip tape and then whoa whoa and over on
Dougs channel we have a winner for the
infamous Bryant Ames grip tape and Corey
rice one that so if your quarry rice
check your inbox if there's a message
from me to you you can get me back and
tell you tell me how to get the grip
tape to you congratulations on the
winners if you didn't win fear not I'm
gonna keep doing giveaways I'm doing one
right now and you have another chance to
win something so s just keep watching
the screen alright paper fly away okay
so this week we are giving away hi i am
giving away i guess a cruiser board okay
yeah these came in to revive and you
guys have been seeing a skate them for a
long time i'm giving one away we have
some runner-up prizes we have the nos4a2
shirts which has nos4a2 on them this is
not the beard fraud to this is just
nos4a2 it's a cool shirt Sam has that
one but i'll still give you one dude you
got to cut it out with this nonsense I
can't believe you've done this yeah if
you've seen that video yeah you're done
this that's a good video ok I'll give
away some NOS raju shirts to the
runner-up prizes we have a green one and
a like you can you see that and the
white one good for halloween right now
it's the OG vampire he rules and then
the grand prize will be this cruise
report it is a red one and i'll give you
a grip tape with it of course and then
you have to get your own wheels and
trucks and stuff but uh that's that's
not bad that this is a free skate board
so of course before anything how to win
this you have to be subscribed to my
channel so make sure you hit the button
wherever it is on the screen how are you
going to win it is you're going to go
onto Instagram you were going to go to
at andys rock follow me and then you're
going to post your own what is it a
picture on Instagram of anything about
Sam Tanner make any type of funny thing
of Sam Tabor may can be about whatever
you want and just hashtag don't give Sam
a cruiser I'm not going to give it to
Sam I'm gonna give it to you guys but
the hash I guess don't give Sam a
cruiser
and within the week I will go through it
i'll pick three winners one for the
cruiser board to for the shirts if
you're younger than 18 make sure your
parents are doing this because you know
you're gonna have give me your address
and your parents should know about that
and then you can win anywhere in the
entire world i will ship anywhere if you
have a normal address and we'll get it
to you good luck with you guys i do
weekly giveaways right now so dep make
sure you're subscribed and tuned in to
see what you can win next week but
that's it i'm gonna grab my skateboard
or film them i'll show you some skate
clips that's it and then this video is
done you're gonna move on with your day
and I suggest uh I suggest getting going
to get a quesadilla after this video
really guess sounds amazing Oh Bracken's
got some moves I don't really don't i do
I really oh do that I've been done with
a size trucks yeah you just speak
English gonna hit me in the knee the
cool fire oh so good luck I'll announce
the winners next in next week's giveaway
but uh Ryan Bracken high-five the outro
to the YouTube video no no no hey my
hand Oh it'll just be on meat do it
again now
Stone Cold Steve Austin Bracken oh this
is the deck we all signed with the
different last name Shawn I didn't talk
for you Brock adore you has mine I'm
sorry vestal you are right there yeah
Andy vestal Thomas rock hotel dusk out
my name yeah Alex bechler that's
beautiful this is not as good as the
first one it's just don't even talk
about about that ever again org leave
these days your choice leave or don't
talk about it threaten eyes that like it
it's a mate there there you said good
play good about it I look down like
Brian's there Ryan's there Ryan's there
Brian's there Brian's there
