YouTube what's up guys um okay I was
just eating this before I turned their
core button which is really dumb thing
to do right before you hit start
recording on the camera but uh yeah I'm
starting a new kind of video today it's
kind of like a day in my life but not
not really it's kind of like a vlog
which is a dumb word I hate the word
vlog let's put that out there I'm not
real big on internet words but yeah I'm
just gonna I'm taking the GoPro around
and filming whatever random just happens
today so don't think about like a day in
life think about a vlog in my life still
stupid house might introduce you but
that's good that you said that this is
where I names any works right here in
this office but I'm gonna get back to
work right
that's what I'm gonna do for a large
portion of the day and yes my desk is a
mess okay you might be wondering why is
there a toilet paper right here I've
been sick in a sub Kleenex I've been
using this I'm totally gonna take this
this is an antibiotic I've had
bronchitis tiny even though I went to
the doctor and they're like you have
bronchitis smells like that makes sense
so I was getting better then I got sick
again I got ripped off so toilet paper
that's the reason why that's there in
the shot just caught me emails done make
a list every single day email working on
the winter gear hang JP couvert because
he does wonderful job and I'd like to uh
support that dude I'm gonna edit a video
today and sends a packages out I also
have to make a graphic which I'm about
to go into schrenkers and do that we are
doing a bonus T for a Black Friday Cyber
Monday weekend so I'm gonna do it and
it's totally it might just be a snake
with Bryan Ames head on it I don't know
but I'm gonna go work on that here in a
second and then I'm gonna clean my
office this is a joke and then I'll TV
it to guest or of it once it's clean
which will be just me pointing the
camera around
hello escape word meats feet how you
doing dude oh very good
I thought you were eating meat loaf I'm
going to be soon as gonna be awesome
yeah I'm gonna film it you're gonna film
it T I'm gonna film it be good man I'm
gonna fill out some things with you this
is such a clean desk guys this whole
place needs to be cleaned our lives need
to be clean
warehouse needs to be clean
yeah that does Casey soul needs to be
clean really we see what you do at night
yeah it does suck well yeah you stop
throw stuff at me
whoa also a place that needs to be clean
but yeah you go to the beach today Casey
no I've been injured back so I'm doing
stretches right now yeah this this bath
towel or beach towel is basically what's
gonna get you back on your skateboard
yeah because this carpet is disgusting I
brought it down yeah we should begin
well you needed my new vacuum I'll lay
it on this thing when I doll block the
warehouse yeah because the old bat
vacuum sucks we're by Wednesday
okay the vacuum sucked it didn't work so
I threw it across the warehouse we tell
you to help anybody else just sucked
we're like okay so Tuesday nights
people will skate at the warehouse a lot
of times and we come in and find weird
things like this and I really wonder
what happened on this I like to think so
but at the same time you don't you're
not sure I wanted to go the bathroom but
Casey just snaked me
how's the meatloaf very good there was a
meatloaf sandwich where's uh where's a
pen landed more you rule
Patrick Molloy single-handedly saved the
Atlantic Ocean a shanty cage is actually
a distant relative of Nicolas Cage not
many people know that but I mean now you
do Simon Simon Eddie don't even get me
started on that guy
gosh all right so now I am drawing for
the promo sugar I talked about and I'm
excited to do this I can't wait to see
how it comes out I rent you whirs okay
so it's lunch time this dude is going to
get lunch and very nice of you and I'm
gonna go do exercises which I do every
day before lunch come on was that close
I don't know I'm I'm back with turned
Rhine chambers just trying to me with a
bit of a tennis ball because I'm sick I
usually try to do this like four or five
days a week
lately I've been sick like on and off
for the last like two and a half weeks
if it off I'm gonna do it today
hopefully I don't feel like the worst
dude in the world okay so yeah it kind
of sucked I got really sweaty it's
wetter than normal because I'm sick and
it felt kind of gross like hanging
strenuous ah sucks because I'm supposed
to film some like a game escape with
Doug today for his channel so hopefully
that's not the worst thing in the world
because doing anything when you're kind
of like feeling gross and sick it's
horrible either way I'm gonna get my own
now in case you should be gaming
everybody lunch I'm gonna go see that's
here because I would love to eat
cabbages sausage no what do you get
I got Italian something with Parmesan
cheese it sounds amazing
that's very I got a BLT soup and this
could be really easy that you were
getting I'm gonna retreat to my office
and eat this so I always get croutons
with my BLT soup and they gave me
cinnamon walnut sounds like a horrible
thing to put in BLT soup I'm gonna taste
it and see how it tastes
probably does like a crouton it days are
gonna be a wonderful like cooked into a
pumpkin pie I don't know ma'am
I'm think I'm gonna leave off in the
dryer it's like it's subtle sweetness of
summer softly come I say I'll go
this sucks I know oh my gosh I'm there's
no way I'm making this I'm gonna try
though I made it I made it so this is
awesome
this is my new TV I gotta my office I
need to get like some things to make
this look not as it's stupid but
lunchtime is amazing I turn off lights I
have this big you know bigger it's like
50 inch I think screen TV and I get to
watch daredevil that's what I've been
watching recently awesome I don't know
if you guys can see oh not close the
door that just like kind of erases brand
names for my life for like you know 10
minutes because that's how long it takes
me to eat lunch
Netflix work one thing that sucks about
the warehouse is that the Wi-Fi is like
sometimes okay and sometimes it's
horrible right now it seemed to be
horrible I got it working here knows
Netflix always tops of 25% and it's just
like a reminder like hey sorry you're
not watching this daredevil eating time
oh cool look after I said that this
moment I'm about to eat my soup freakin
25% come on Netflix that's right that's
what I thought Brian I'm done with lunch
I'm gonna go you're gonna drug draw you
as a snake on a shirt you shouldn't give
that to me we have friends we have
friends Doug does it tells what's up
Geordi LaForge what's up Sabre LaForge
so yeah I'm gonna ask Casey if I can sit
here
what my dude it's the GoPro you need one
I mean I'm starting to do like vlog type
like a day-in-the-life videos that's
that's what this is so thank you GoPro
you should get one that dude got up what
was the point of that
and I'm gonna work on this and this is
what I got so far and you're gonna be
like that looks weird and it does
because don't judge what I just showed
you hold on one second
boom fried Ames is a snake it's the Ames
rattling this is just like a first draft
it's supposed to look crappy though it's
supposed to look like a hundred because
that's pretty much what it looks like
when I hand draw it but uh yeah would
you wear that I'm gonna go to my office
I'm gonna clean it up and I'm gonna do a
little bit more work before we start
filming it here for the day what are you
doing Jordan I'm going to my office do
you want to try to blunt side the rail
first try have you do it I'll uh I'll
just be impressed I'm gonna be honest
let's see it maybe not maybe later in
the day you had it that was good and
voila so uh yeah I cleaned which isn't
really cleaning I just kind of organize
things and put it into somewhat
organized fashion over there but I need
to buy some a lot of work to do about
office I need to buy like a thing that I
can like sort papers for over here and
then like you know I got my clothes that
I need to take it's just a mess so that
thing I think looks gross I need to put
hang boards over there and then I want
to buy some art for over there when I
get all of that done I'll probably do
like a little office tour like talking
about things and explaining it but yeah
it looks a little better on the eyeballs
right now I'm going to sit down and edit
fall Friday for this week and it's ninja
so that probably not yesterday's I
already seen it but I'm gonna work on it
now
hey it's one o'clock or ready to skate
just about look at this Doug goes like
you know what I'm gonna put a new board
on I choose that one mmm
you're on YouTube hey YouTube good
night's sleep
okay Brian chambers yeah ask me what I'm
doing I'm waiting on Doug to be done
with this video so I couldn't film and
skate with him
you don't care it is a personal problem
it's a done problem - you should get you
should get done those are some brand-new
wheels dude look how shiny those are
it's amazing but I'm adding like easy
truth
all right game one done I'm skating way
better I thought I would
sweaty though I definitely still feel
sick but I'm feeling good let's switch
over a memory card and then we're gonna
do another game this time on a mini
board good games brother we finished up
our games of skate now we're gonna film
a where else Wednesday for him and you
probably won't see anything but it'll be
online somewhere and Doug has an out how
old a cogniser I like owls and I like
jack-o'-lanterns hi Brian hey say
something same advice ok taxes that
wasn't business I don't think he ever
could have said right okay so one
warehouse Wednesday later and my fish I
for my dslr's bro good thing I'm filming
this video with the GoPro but yeah so I
get to get on Amazon and order a new
lens and I don't know if Doug can fix it
or not but find out how that broke in
next week's warehouse Wednesday and
Doug's MacGyver trying to be good bye no
not goodbye cuz you got a blunt side the
handrail
can you do it
it's my dude okay
lens ordered brand name is gonna fill me
doing a couple tricks here games escape
kind of made me realize I can skate
again so that's cool
Ryan has never film with a GoPro so we
have no idea how it's gonna look
hopefully I do okay hopefully it does
okay but I'm gonna go to pinky now which
I've only done like once or twice in my
life good for fun
you're on your leave in five minutes
which means I have three minutes to do
some tricks and have fun have fun with
that yeah okay so I might get one of the
bank this guy needs to leave so
unfortunately can't land that but I've
never done that one on the bank so I'll
put that on my to-do list thank you
Brian you're taking Doug to the airport
again good my friend yeah I would do
what do you do dude hug I will see you
in Texas in like two weeks yeah yeah
what did that and I'll see you probably
tomorrow every day every day yeah in
Texas too cuz you're coming with me yeah
cool okay let's walk out the door no
I've got to get ready pack up all my
stuff and go to my mother-in-law's house
I am going to look at a house cuz we're
looking to buy a house soon and we have
one in mind so we're gonna go look at it
and I got to get cleaned up I've got my
clothes in the bag and I'm gonna go and
take a shower and change six hours of my
life trying to people and I suck Sam has
been trying to learn flat bars lately
and he's been doing good did you feel
like that means in your channel today
there's just random clips that's like me
doing five lines I don't know what I'm
gonna do with it though well it footage
will go somewhere
yeah dude have a good day I'm gonna go
look at a house and if I good bye I mean
I'm gonna walk with you to our cars
boom I'm in different clothes I'm gonna
have shoes on eventually don't worry but
yeah I I have a red shirt on I know
everyone freaks out about that the
second I put any other color shirt over
my red shirt but as long as the red
shirt is underneath I've always done
that it's just always been a thing I
have a video of it somewhere so watch
that but I'm waiting for a ride in and
my wife to get here and I'll probably
with ridin for a few minutes and then
we're gonna go look at that house
exciting I'm hungry
I really am just trying to get to the
point where I get to eat think we have
you're ridin and he ran right upstairs
right away
is there a rider in here right in right
in I guess he's not in here right I'm
just kiddin come here come here and get
tickle how was school good what are you
doing you playing what are you playing
with are those your pirate dudes no
don't feed him I'm never not gonna feed
him
oh don't see them I mean don't look at
them you do give you a cookie did you
get it yourself
you sneaky little guy you better be good
at school sir I guess he doesn't want to
eat his cookie around me so I'm gonna
mess with them hey hey come here man
come on
let's head out let's say no man come
here man
come here man come here man I got you oh
alright don't run with food in your
mouth buddy I guess I wasn't helping
that cause you ready to go look at the
house say oh heck yeah you don't want to
say oh heck yeah good because if you did
it I was gonna give you a really big
surprise oh yeah oh yeah well I asked
you to say oh heck yeah but you didn't
say what I asked
all right it's really hard to hold a
GoPro and put cologne on the same yep
I was gonna drive keys do help I would
have done that see you how to grow okay
we're here and we're meeting with a
realtor and it probably weird to have a
GoPro filming the house so I'm not gonna
do this so I'll be back but I'm gonna
take you right in mommy will take you
but I'll be with you okay in this house
all right so that was awesome we feel
really good about this house but now we
get to start the headaches of trying to
buy a house though are you ready for
headaches
 no she sucks at headaches I'm
awesome at headaches so I'll take you
out to nice dinners to smooth the
process up while I'm getting gray hair
dealing with this but dinner time right
now riding you ready for dinner all
right let's go
dinner is a hibachi master I've been
coming here too long I've set in too
many videos but if you're ever on
beachfront Avenue this is a good hibachi
sushi spot and then right over there you
can see where I started skateboarding
this whole lot this is where I learned
like so many of my tricks yeah let's go
to dinner it's dark in here I don't know
if you gonna be able to see oh this is
where we eating all the room you got
over there buddy this is delicious like
a ginger sesame types out I don't know
it's a ginger ginger
right ginger dressing yeah ginger
dressing carrots lettuce and then ride
ins got some training wheel chopsticks
when you eat it you know my chicken eat
your meat right in how can you have your
pudding if you don't eat your meat I
think that is a fire extinguisher I want
to fire machine no it's a fire machine
yeah all right I'll and and how was
dinner
it was goody good easy Oh
whoa this is what it's like to be a dad
so that was it I know that really felt
like a day in the life video and I guess
it kind of was but I'm gonna try to do
these in like more specific things like
Sam going like an amusement park or a
trip to the skate park just to kind of
like small portions of my day into like
a vlog so if you like this video you
know give me a thumbs up let me know in
the comments do whatever you want if you
want to see more hit the subscribe
button I do videos every single day what
are you doing you're playing with the
sugar spoon I know you want sugar you're
you're three and a half years old that's
what that's what three nine three girls
do but that's it thank you guys for
watching bear with me on this and thank
you to go pro for give me the go pro
it's so convenient to make these videos
I'll get better been using it - sorry I
don't really judge where I'm holding the
camera necessarily but yeah anything I
want to say to YouTube before you go
other than sugar
chuckle that's it
buy you one sugar okay let's go
harden decided that he needed to turn
around and run really fast he would die
there's a field of skating yes you want
you would just eat it
rather than terrible is my red handle in
your trunk why'd you say it like that
Gilligan on is my red handle in your
trunk indeed
