do you member that one time ninja just
like did a belly flop into a pool except
there wasn't a pool there there was a
flat bar at a skate park and he cracked
his rib cage upon its yeah that's pretty
much what he did right there he pretty
much abuse ibly made love to that rail
okay you know Lady Gaga's song bad
romances without the bounce about ninja
eating it on this rail I mean Doug get
to walk away it was hard to look at
because you just look at look at the
picture of him dangling there on the
rail okay that is pure ribcage pain I
mean that picture really captures like
everything you need to know if like if
you open a magazine to saw the picture
like that sucks for that guy yeah I
would don't want to be in that situation
and we did not see this coming at all
because ninja was doing tricks on this
like every time no problem he was
actually doing nosegrind popouts back
into the bank which is way harder and
then the second he's filming for my
stupid cell phone he just decides he's
like you know what let me go horizontal
and maybe uh fly toward the rail with
high velocity and be in pain you know
what falls like this are though and
they're called day ruiners okay it's
like making an awesome sandwich you know
you put your time into it you put all
the freaking fixings on it and you just
drop it on the floor which I've done
I've totally done that I was really mad
I think I punched the sandwich
afterwards assumed the floor and I
punched it because it was a day rotor I
wouldn't be surprised if ninja punched
the rail afterwards okay because the
rail deserved it after you know
brutalizing his ribcage and I somehow
ninja I don't think cracked a rib on
this but everybody kind of thought that
his rib cage was cracked because like
it's really easy to do that believe it
or not he is durable and he lived to see
another day and the best part of this
clip is hands down the sound he makes
when it happens cuz is either the worst
sound you've ever heard or the best
sound because if you know he's in pain
it's horrible the sound you make when
you're like that was the horrible pain
but I'm gonna act like a man I'm gonna
be a man who's gonna take it okay and
then that sound happen so at the same
time if you just heard this sound it
could be somebody being victorious
something like happy about what they
just accomplished watch how different
these can be okay watch this
hands-down the most confusing sound you
will hear today okay it's either agony
or victory I don't even know like I came
to talk anymore but I will give it too
much it's funny because nut ninja has
this tough-guy persona and then when he
falls onto his rib cage which would have
a lot of people probably wheezing and
crying on the ground
each straight-up taking like a man so
props and freaking ninja because that
was a fall as one of those Falls that
like I was like my friend's not okay and
I'm laughing but I shouldn't be because
my friends not okay
he literally skydived his ribcage into a
flood a low flat bar that sucks
that sucks so speaking about ninja being
a man about things he actually got the
crap kicked out of him last weekend like
every single time we skated he pretty
much like he landed good tricks like he
was always doing that he's a really
talented skateboarder but then he would
have some fall that really tweaked his
ankle he threw out his back he just just
kind of got the crap kicked out of ninja
thank you for being one durable human
being and just to prove you guys he can
skateboard here is some of tricks that
he landed on this of recent no no I
don't know what I'm gonna play because
it's gonna be skateboarding in front of
your face with Ninja on the board
so yes there is if you guys want to see
more of ninja his in his channels right
down the info I'm probably won't be
saying this but despite his uh you know
his tough-guy persona he's actually a
really down-to-earth nice dude so uh
definitely check out his stuff so there
you guys go that is Paul Friday and I do
it every other week so I'll be back in
two weeks to do another one but in the
meantime I do daily videos so definitely
hit the subscribe button if you want to
see more from me but until next time
I'll see you guys later
make it tissues appear Casey I didn't
turn it at you but he caught it he did
catch it you just did quarter to temple
what is with me doing that
my name is David totally eternally
