still not kick what trick are you trying
you can't Tony going on how do you win
anyways well this week this is Cody wit
yeah ten minutes do this this is like
the best late flipper little you need to
stop interrupting me so now he'll late
flip you've done it when you're doing
from this camera if you do it in ten
minutes you get twenty bucks and get you
five packs of the biggest double stuffed
Oreos you've ever seen it you just pan
away so my conversation yeah okay well
yeah because this dude likes Oreos okay
and he did a nollie heel old late flip
nollie heelflip too late flip which is
insane and we're gonna make him do it
again you have ten minutes to do it you
can spend that ten minutes any way you
wish if you do it you get twenty dollars
to buy more Oreos but you're gonna get
five or the biggest pack of Oreos we can
find double-stuffed are you down with my
lunch for a week dude we actually just
filmed this whole thing and I completely
ate it walking no kicking and I'm bloody
so let's just go back in let's go back
inside again thank you yeah take two
let's try gets try to get inside without
completely eating it yeah see the
original answer to this on John Hill's
channel long-distance football so you
have a lot of trust in me to catch these
cameras my doubt no there it was good
last time you didn't know what's coming
whoa get your trusty uh your alarm clock
out I'm working on it alright here we go
ten minutes starting up nollie heelflip
late flip
oh my gosh you little you just taught
your first try
what do you eat you eat Oreos we're
hosting cheetah no Wheaties
I filmed that horrible - this is amazing
cuz the first time I'm actually seen
this in real life I'm just watching the
best Instagram clips ever which is that
guy oh I was about to say safe but that
would imply the Atlanta you didn't but
that was super close 7 minutes and 40
seconds left
he's already stuck it really good why
are you like what really minutes less
5:30
when when where else Wednesdays go wrong
that wasn't me I was perfect
256 so pay the dude so good pay the dude
hey let's not drop the camera to raise
the clip I never knew a magical cut to
Oreo cut too
oh my hey check this out Wow
