youtube what is up guys I am here to do
a giveaway and I'm with uh Doug does it
tells what up he owns am grip and that's
what we're doing he's also a proffer of
I've his on force wheels he's my brother
he's awesome dude and we're doing the am
grip giveaway this week but I'm gonna
pause for a second the winners of the
save love park of the force wheels
giveaway I'm gonna announce on my
Instagram so if you want to find out the
winners i'll post a thing later on my
Instagram saying winter so look there
but yeah we have a three sheets of am
grip and what we did to make this a
little more awesome is that I customize
them dung is the genius behind the
hashtag am grip that is there you can
kind of see the cutout right there and I
went and drew on them doug is gonna
demonstrate our G Doug what do you call
this one that is walrus rattler it's a
walrus rattlesnake and a lot field
favorite one yeah we have the cat snail
that's a that was a revived shirt that I
did which was a random idea and a lot of
you guys liked it so hopefully you guys
are psyched I like your name and the
holy grail of grip tapes Brian Andrew
are bleeding that's it that's the one
this giveaway is gonna be here on
YouTube em grip is amazing grip tape
it's not thick grip tape but it's
slightly like a grittier like slightly
grittier than your standard grip tape
but it doesn't rip up your shoes as fast
i love it i would never skate anything
else so that you don't make a good
product appreciate like it I appreciate
I appreciate that I like it too I'm not
good yeah and you came out real good so
what you do when this is that you're
gonna one be subscribed to both of us
you can hit the subscribe button on this
video and at the end of the video
there's going to be a little button that
says subscribe to Doug you're going to
click it in the info his channels right
there so and then you're gonna leave
some comments to win on my channel I am
giving away the cats nail and the walrus
Radler so what you can do is you're just
going to leave one comment only on why
you should win the grip tape and i will
pick out two to give away those pieces
of grip tape and then the Holy Grail the
Brian Ames one is going to be on Dougs
channel okay so you're gonna do at the
end of this video you're gonna click the
subscribe button to Doug make sure you
subscribe to them and he just posted a
video called shred quarters first person
right yeah I present a choke artist yeah
they have the GoPros underneath this
board it's awesome so you're going to go
into that video and then you're going to
leave uncomment on why you liked the
video and just one comment please don't
blow Doug's channel out of the water and
we're gonna pick one for that so yeah
just reiterate be subscribe to both of
us and then leave a comment here to win
one of the two crib types on my channel
and win the Brian aims relating grip
tape you're gonna go to Doug's channel
and on his recent shred quarters point
of view video leave a comment on why you
like the video so that's it pretty easy
pretty easy if you're younger than 18
make sure your parents are doing this
and you win anywhere in the world right
well why yeah we're gonna call it quits
hear and understand that it'll be
reiterated down in the info but we're
going to skateboard in trickers and I'm
sore so it might just be Doug doing
tricks on I will find out though all
right here we are I'm going to skate
this thing
alright Doug's turn and he's gonna use
the cruiser board would step on the
board let's show people how big it is it
is not a big skateboard not at all do
your thing oh wow I'm such a dad way of
getting excited about that oh wow oh wow
I was amazing we got a little notes the
little nose did that nice do it to it
okay it's not hard at all for Doug
Destin else well the good job buddy good
luck don't get away guys we'll pick
winners within the next week and in next
week's giveaway will let you know who
won I'm good goodbye good luck you ever
wonder what we do after here the camera
off
Brian would you get in the mail today
phone books hey k google these should be
against the law there's a waste the
biggest waste in the world but though
here's a plumber
I
