right there you come here your clothes
out of my room down here bub why cuz I
was asking you clean your clothes I
asked you to do stuff like that
I'm sure there's clothes in my room that
you can clean up I love you I wouldn't I
wouldn't have scared you you had to be
in front of the door I'm gonna get you I
love you got you finally did I get you
mom doesn't need the pistachios I had
her I had her set it up but you gave a
fruit snake
what do you got there we got a pork and
your iPad and you've got a cat that
scare you how did you scare you hey I
did it just to scare you
we'll do it try to kick that for the
video blue ninja you have the costume
thing go at school okay yeah looks
awesome just right here jump up and kick
do it did it wow those way better you
just want to fall I love you buddy
I love Brian Jim I'm talking to Ryan
what is he doing
he's skating I'll do we should get a
rail what's he gonna rail Oh what are
you gonna do always doing five oh I
always slipped out no I just named do a
porcelain which unbreak is back
there we go let's do it yeah there you
go oh no uh-oh 501 oh I couldn't I can
try I can probably do it maybe just
shove it watch boom shove it I should
watch the front board you do a front
nose watch front nose Oh doing tricks
doing tricks doing shove-its with every
single crocodile or alligator being the
laziest thing in the world have you ever
seen like a ride never seen a crocodile
playing oh you're happy
nothing I know this one is alive what
that was huge
you may think that I have a normal
Christmas head on my head
well I don't and for only $5.99 you too
can have deer antlers on your head look
at that you must have paid $5.99 well oh
I went to the store and I bought myself
some glasses that were also a clock and
I got a hat what do you guys think you
really don't have why does it only work
for me get it on your face there you go
oh you're gone there you go
mmm me me me me me me me me me me like
so I mean I look funny but look at you
no no no what why can't we still see her
like human eyeballs that's freaky I'm a
little bug but I'm a little bug bug good
great song great song it's almost looks
real well you do this is what I look
like right I don't know you look
adorable what did the the app put the
earring on there or did you just put a
rubber band around your ear
back to being cool I'm a trained
operator what I don't know why my face
is angry anymore I broke it great oh
there I am
what happened your face you turn to him
oh you put on my face take it back take
it back there you go YouTube what is up
guys so there you guys go there is
another batch of scare ridin footage
which I've been doing a lot lately are
you mad we have a lot of fun doing and
he actually suspects me of scaring him
even when I'm not trying to scare him at
all that'll be like dog yeah you do know
you are you gonna start scaring me
eventually yeah like from right there
and then nothing like you don't tell me
you can't tell me you got to do it so I
don't see it coming alright alright but
there's a lot of other random clips in
there I hope you guys were entertained
by that if you want to see more videos
from me and this guy this guy's in a
bunch of my videos and just hit the
subscribe button right down below
and your sign up see more videos it's
free it's easy I would appreciate that
also if you hit the bell button you get
notified right when I upload a new one
which I do most days so that's it Ryden
and i are going to go to Mama's house to
decorate cookies and right now you're
getting tickled you really really not
getting tingle you might to say Merry
Christmas everybody actually when this
goes up it's like the next day once
happy New Year to everybody happy oh
yeah your uh your sweat your rocks oh my
gosh look it's a it's the claw it's
gonna get you and you're gone that was
not even a five or super mega what are
you gonna do
I'm gonna use the force and make it go
away watch TV I guess Haley that was my
fault cuz I use the Force
