front high-top pop time with you your
face sure she would do it in this trashy
room or she would go as head of the
rocks we like the rocks Clint go rock it
rock it up rock it up rock on one time
we walked outside and the semi truck was
gone it's gone here
no triathlon it don't splinter raw I'm
really excited that you knew what i
meant by triathlon it huh
top five right so I asked him I give him
a category and he gives me his top five
favorite things in that category that's
how it goes
are you ready to do this upon yourself
possibly well if you're not then this
video is not easy gonna be really weird
I'm ready I guess all right then be
ready get flinging your lip another lip
on my lip
all right top five words to say words
your favorite your favorite words Brian
shredding that's one do you don't know
skateboard Smith I need your eyes your
favorite words and I'm just sitting by
yourself and what's that word here's a
skateboard I don't know maybe that's a
weird word well I like skateboarding but
as far as words go just like words I'm
stoked on I guess stoked
skateboarding shredding shredding stoked
these are dumb words dude this is hard I
don't know man I don't know you always
say absolutely absolutely that's what
that is one dude oh no dude I don't know
revived or something arrived he's
revived it took him two minutes to
answer that is the worst it's a worst
category ever I'm gonna go with the easy
one top five tricks top five tricks
Smith grinds kick flips three flips pop
shove-its ooh that's do you pop feels so
good it pop shuvit and probably can
Ollie yeah Ollie over something you know
yeah all right so top five foods no no
no top five junk foods junk foods oh man
Pringles Funyuns nutty bars another hard
one junk up pizzas pizza account at
house junk food and french fries you
were like really armed and ready for
that one yeah top five movies movies
jaws a new hope
Shawshank Redemption nightmare Elm
Street the first one it's such a good
movie
dude ghostbusters that's a good one yeah
you like shake your head like you're
proud of it yeah top five activities to
be doing
you have the dumbest questions oh won't
you just flap your mouth in the form of
an answer skateboarding camping it's a
lot do you work I work I sure work I
like I should do enjoy work you like to
eat a restaurant I like to eat I do I
eat so that's four and then travel I
like to travel
yeah five things I like to do that's
good see screw video games oh yeah but
your games too
no you don't get six full rolls that top
five video games oh man earthbound final
fantasy seven ocarina of time
Super Mario World and more Grand Theft
Auto five five not 303 is great five was
a possum eating them that shirt it like
just completely matches your lumberjack
persona yeah it's not intentional gone
top five animals dogs cats naming the
bears literally just naming things of
like a child's story this the things I
do this hard man ferrets are cool you
did ferrets are awesome and I had a rise
of a rabbit tryst that you're dead okay
took up so the list is dogs cats bears
ferrets and a rabbit that's it five
animals top five music chorus oh god
that's so hard to anybody yeah gang
stars probably my favorite DJ premier MF
DOOM two more man no affects how I grew
up listen to no affects a lot I made the
misfits my call time ooh
whether you can type like no not anymore
no G misfits or og top five cities
cities San Francisco Cincinnati Buffalo
New York sent crews California only been
there like twice in the place is amazing
I haven't been much time there though
but I want to go back dude you just
staring off and do like a dream and
Florence Italy
it was that five that was five okay for
the ender okay
top five tricks that you have landed 503
flip out everyone no way you didn't do
all this stuff he didn't know I did this
Kirk your guy and like a cross and down
this box shove it out took me forever
well it's keepest yep a long time ago
don't flip over the barrier at sessions
a long time it goes in for a really long
time
5050 varial heel out Oh actually
accidental now that anyone saw this but
it was five-o very heelflip out an
accent in my box went at my parents
house
thank you and that dumb bars I'll try to
do frontside shove-it out that one very
thank you I should put your PIN there
about which bounces off the ground my
son I'll land on that's five oh you're
gonna pick that all right well whatever
alright we'd be down here that was a top
five with Brian Ames I'm gonna do this
is more of a like more dudes and the
actual team riders too so uh hope you
guys luck guys we'll be back tomorrow
with a new video because that's what we
will I will I'm gonna make it you're not
gonna could be that could be and I know
a video is and you have nothing to do
with it okay well I'm not gonna be back
tomorrow
no knock you see Brian you have three
watch this video everyone see Brian I'm
gonna go get my shoe you should write it
in the PO oh oh my god luckily I'm like
retiring this had like four days I would
buy you a new one this is like I get one
of these a year man
why I mean who gives it to you the store
where you buy it from no my
mother-in-law actually gets it for me
huh can we get your shoe for ya well
it's like we're in that you know if
you're have you ever watched have you
ever watched that book the Silver Chair
no yeah because you don't watch books
but no you go top five favorite words
top five most gay parks brain parks
skate parks its parts mike maldonado
jump off the building Jamie Thomas
thrill of it all
PJ's part and PJ's wonderful life call
since part in medic Matty
one more hang I think it's good one it's
hard you just leave this hold me just
thinking process like now at five minute
now here's no this is terrible but dude
I don't know help me out here sure it
was your idea
I know it was I'm trying to think I'm
trying to probably good one though I
knew like look at a pile of videos or
never something Giancarlo silencing
there you go
you
