once you're on this Saturday stay and
hang 7pm Ollie's skatepark be there
bring your mom Northern Kentucky yes yes
so this saturday artisan reminder of the
video what I'm going to say that I'm
sorry we always do this at all this
skate park we weren't actually we have a
bunch of people in town and it just so
happens that they're here so we're going
to escape and hang we do have plans on
doing skating hangs across the country
so tune in for that for 2016 and then
actually if you wanna do the movements
in all good okay so it's hard enough so
yeah so tune in those you be more
skating hangs we just thought everyone
was here why not and then we're actually
gonna be filming we want revenge segment
there so if you want to be in it jump
around the background and stuff show up
Holly skatepark Aaron Cairo josh katz
max Mayberry the whole team except Sam
Florida and Johnny Geiger will be there
and then special gets black ninja and
then special guest Jordin hunter right
here be there yeah wow the force wheels
he rides for hello boys on our vibe but
he's part of the family here so we're
psyched you want to do one more trick to
show people that new trick come on go do
it is good Brian
