all right go go dude I can't do it I
rolled my ankle yesterday you can't keep
the door I can't get hurt you need a sub
kick all right sub kick where else one
second
are you just playing with this damn dog
John hello I'm so hyped to have you in
town buddy I'm so happy to see you Andy
absolutely my friend brother we're
hugging now and I owe you for the camera
oh yeah first person hug four minutes
you do ten tricks down the stairs four
minutes and four minutes okay so if you
can do that but you can give you if you
do that you get twenty bucks
you manage to do ten tricks within three
minutes okay all right
tough on you you did you ten tricks down
the stairs within four minutes okay if
you do that you get twenty bucks
you can spend it on a variety of things
on the sour patch kids I don't care if
you do it in three minutes you get the
twenty bucks spent on anything
plus you get a burrito of your choice of
chipotle and two orders of chips and
guacamole okay perfect okay good for
this I think so give her this hey Cody
your ignore the rock man oh the rock
where is the rock he's in movies these
days right you better catch that knot so
that won't go down then nobody did
except me you're warmer you warm already
yes lightly we skated playground seeing
him skate these stairs before I film a
crap out of him do you think he's gonna
be able to do it in three minutes
no yeah yeah he said which they get nice
way of saying no oh regardless he has 10
minutes to do this
oh four minutes yeah four men four
minutes starting now all right
that's one yeah that was really good oh
you are human that's I think that's the
first time I've seen him miss a tree
it's the second time say mr. trick - oh
my gosh you would rip duct tape while
he's difficult written no it's been two
minutes you look like something from a
horror movie
wu-six are you guys even paying
attention anymore
this is disturbing oh seven we've got a
minute half you've been in half so you
three trick 30 seconds to do three
tricks for the for the tacos what is it
what is it 20 seconds the new two tricks
all right well the burrito is gone but
the $20 here gotta give it to him it is
hard to run back up there and keep
trying tricks oh my god
oh alright but he's got 33 seconds left
you have 33 seconds to do one trick
seven six five seconds left you want to
do the switch the nullity the switch
healings there's no what you didn't see
is me getting hit in the face with a
tennis ball
such a shame on you for not filming it
switch heel you want to clear him the
switch he'll switch the tray how the
good switch heel and then when the
pressures off he does it off I get a
phone call yeah say hello John just
killed the stairs
tell them that John kill the stairs no
you don't want to tell that I'm not
answering this random phone call tell
then page on page on Hill that was
impressive Pennsylvania
you get 20 bucks my friend thank you all
four minutes you get it with fives in
his left yeah you did it five seconds
left
next time we have you you will have
another chance to win those burrito I
want this in the burrito and not just
Brian good job man
wall right
like what you saw if you liked was
watching this dude jump down stairs and
perform tricks his channel is about to
be on the screen and it's right down the
info
