what are we doing right now reading Oh
clean upbeat bah we are tell you see
what I'm doing all right we're here I
got a box from anchor tech limited
really excited real I'm weird
who's it's like the pumpkin tree I know
it's in this box and you guys don't I'm
gonna leave it at that it's from anchor
type limited and I'm excited so uh are
you ready to find out should I open it
what are you taking your sock off Oh
Leah let's do that we found a children's
butter knife but I'm going to make this
work just like that so I've been sick
lately I might go into a crazy coughing
fit and I apologize and uh Frank so we
won over the box and the first thing we
have is the bags of air all right there
you go
here it is
so anchor does a lot of cool electronics
and gadgets to accompany your
electronics the first thing they sent me
is backup a Bluetooth speaker and this
is heavy that's kind of like how you
know that things are heavy-duty in high
quality is when they're heavy
who's that movie where is it heavy then
did expect on draft support that's just
a story all right so let's open this up
I like the presentation stay here right
where you going buddy the actual name
for this unit is portable stereo
Bluetooth speaker kick out stunning
sound on your next and
ventured you know back in the day you
had carried around boomboxes taverns
music at a skate session boom this is
awesome it's really really simple design
yet sleek looking at the same time big
power but on the side maybe got plus -
which I assume is for volume but it has
a little rubbery thing on the bottom so
you set it down and it's not going
anywhere
we're where'd you get that that's for
the door wasn't that night okay we
paused this YouTube video so ride and
can show you get up here and show him
he's bunny wasn't your bunny his name's
treat treat to tweet yeah oh okay the
buddy's name is tweet but uh thank you
anchor that's awesome she's a Pete's
what is this we have the Power Core
20100 oh that is a big no Merlin you
know it means business what you have I
shave my beard so this is what every
single scalar it is I'm actually gonna
do a video on five things a skateboarder
needs other than a skateboard and this
is totally gonna be in there this is a
Colin powerbanks I don't know what the
actual term for it is but it's like a
portable charger um you need one of
these
not even if you're a skateboarder people
just need one of these because cell
phones are not good enough where they
just stay charged like that just feel
like the best technology ever but a cell
phone to stay charged all day it's just
too much to ask for parently but you
need one of these anchors actually uh
actually since right here America's
number one charging brand that's amazing
means they actually make quality
products because a lot of times you buy
these and they're they're good at first
but after like a handful of uses they
just lose their charge of anchor
products stay working for a very long
time what do you want buddy you want you
wanna get a figure board alright we're
gonna get a finger board ridin needed
his replica of the Hollywood 16-ton so
yes what you do is you charge this and
then you could take it anywhere and
charge ever anything you need to that
uses a USB charger is a lot of things
these days that's amazing that rocks it
comes with a nice case to carry it in
whoa it is good
I could just carry this in it right yeah
is actually it has power IQ and voltage
boost but in easier to understand terms
it's the most compact charger in the
twenty thousand range charges at four
point eight amps which is really fast
you can actually charge two iPads at the
same time that is awesome as a quality
product I'm really hyped to use it
there's a one more box in here I do not
know what it is that's a power port
solar power port solar say solar boom
good enough I'm openness well this thing
is big this is a huge solar panel that
is amazing so this is the best thing
ever
there's a lot of solar panel chargers
which is the ingenious concept that you
just like to put something on the Sun
and charge from it
and it keeps its charge well this is
three huge panels that fold up so it's
not like a giant thing you're carrying
around and then you plug in in the
pockets and charge anything anything you
want USB I am so psyched that they sent
me all the stuff so I will definitely
put this stuff to use I just want to say
thank you Lawrence and anchor in general
it was kind of funny because I started
talking to them about their products and
I was actually already planning on doing
a video talking about portable chargers
and how you need one is a skateboarder
so it was really good timing for them to
send me these things I am eternally
grateful we've actually talked about
doing a giveaway on my channel for some
of their gear and maybe I'll throw in
some revive stuff but uh I just where
does it thank you this stuff is amazing
if you want any of the stuff that I just
got I'll put links right down there
directly to them if you want to check
them out they're definitely worth your
buy and I back to them 100% sir hey on
your feet the links are not on my face
they want they're down there and riding
be anything you want to say to YouTube
oh he wants to know brave over here
don't press the button yet riding has a
dance for you guys to do okay goodbye a
few lost my fingers and look
you're gonna do it I'll look it doesn't
it look at those legs
those legs let me go to - if my face oh
my gosh
it makes a big noise make the big
hallways and make a big noise and it
makes a big noise are we done we got bad
bye
