wheels gonna give away some wheels today
that's what we're gonna do but first I
have two things first off I'm gonna tell
you the winners of last week's giveaway
the glassy signed mike most sunglasses
and then i'm gonna get all serious on
you okay i'm gonna get skateboard
emotional all right minus the part of me
being emotional but it's gonna be
heartfelt at least and i'm gonna put
these up here okay we'll do that well
we'll go that way okay winners of last
week's Mike Mo sign glassy sunglasses
are dented it undone perrette violet
thank you for entering everybody but
congratulations Barret then Tristan
Ogden Ogden however you pronounce your
last name I apologize but you just won
so you're psyched and then Ben McGregor
check your youtube inbox is I messaged
you thank you to everyone who entered
and just like right now Ewing another
chance to win some gears so stay tuned
on the channel ok subscribe because I do
giveaways every weeks of recently and
I'm going to try to keep it going so uh
more gears on the way to you guys so you
probably know what love park is and if
you haven't used seriously need to do to
watch them skate videos even go play
tony hawk pro skater it is one of the
most iconic skate spots of all time it's
to me it's like the most famous skate
spot of all time I grew up with it
that's where all the pros filmed at it
had the legendary gap perfect ledges
it's an amazing place I mean grand you
could recreate this thing but there's
only one love park JFK plaza in
Philadelphia is the technical place but
we call it love park it has the iconic
statue it's just an awesome place I've
been lucky enough to skate it a few
times myself and it's just one of those
spots you know we don't want to go away
they're talking about changing into like
a grass only area and that's insane okay
so there's a petition out right now and
there's an Instagram page called save
love park and there's a lot of people
backing it trying to save it from
destruction the skateboarding world is
often at its throats for some really
stupid reasons I mean like look at the
comments and message boards people are
really complaining about what a what a
certain skateboard was wearing how
they're talking like it's really stupid
for at least this moment can we please
unite and just do something for one good
cause and save love park who knows if
it's actually going to work but all you
can do is try okay so say love park on
instagram they have a link to the
petition please please please go sign
it's okay that's what this contest I'm
gonna give away some wheels here in a
sec
and that's what it entails you're going
to go to at save love park on instagram
you're going to follow them and you're
going to sign that petition after you've
done that you're going to go down to
their pictures one on any one of their
recent pictures and say I signed it yo !
and uh that is your official entry to
win some wheels i'm going to pick three
winners and these are all force wheels
50 30 millimeter hard street skating
formula we have a pebble suck and then i
have two white red and black strike
wheels like i said fifty three
millimeters i picked a medium sized to
give away seriously i mean i really want
to do something love part means i'm
going to mean it should mean something
to you and that's what this giveaway is
about please please please go sign the
petition fill out all the stuff and sign
it and do your part in trying to help
save an iconic skate spot it is
literally a piece of skate history and
if you want to even step it up and do it
even more spread the word post your own
video or instagram post or something
telling people to go ad this page on
instagram and sign the petition it's the
least you could do like I said like
skateboarders we got to stand together
every once in a while if not all the
time and we got to do things like this
so just to reiterate on how you can win
the wheels that I just showed you you
are going to go to the Instagram page
save love park it's right here on the
screen click the follow button you're
going to sign the petition that is
linked in their info and then you're
going to go back to their Instagram page
and go on one of their recent pictures
and put I signed it yo ! and that is
your entry I will go through and pick
three winners over the next course this
week and I will announce them in next
week's giveaway so good luck to
everybody if you're younger than 18 make
sure your parents know you're doing this
and then if maybe you can live anywhere
in the world as you know as long as you
have an address so a signed a petition
save love park and that is it guys I'm
gonna I can't go skate to where else
right now but I'll cut some random
hijinks that I tagged on to this video
so thanks for watching my videos
subscribe to my channel I do daily
videos and weekly giveaways at the
moment so uh there you go good luck to
everyone who entered and you guys rule
cut to whatever randomness uh I film
okay now we're here just after filming
for we aren't mention 58 in Las Vegas
and people are trying to win some force
wheels but they're saving well park
right
they're what yeah we are you do a trick
in the honor of saving what part of
course do it come on anything John Hill
oh I filmed them tell anyone everyone
just saw that say well for
that's it say hello Bart good luck with
the contest guys all the infos down
below see you next week actually see you
tomorrow because I do daily videos but
see you next week for a giveaway or
winners and all that stuff hey
alligators there okay
this is the bonus clip this is the part
where like they're like oh I wonder what
the last clip is and then they're like
always missing it's just john standing
the sunlight let's tear the ground think
about his dreams and hopes
