that's my son calling for Santa up the
chimney hey Doug
didn't work right there right creaking
there it
oh my am I tried to prove it to you so I
was at the gas station getting a granola
bar and I saw this this is a rice
krispie treat and I'm giving it to Bryan
Ames that's for sure
for someone someone's getting it I'm not
but it was too ridiculous not to buy of
course I was buying it I can't I can't
even begin to think of what she thought
of me ridin what are you wearing you
wear her party hat party hat
how is that not falling off Oh party hat
down
here big silly guy I love you
YouTube what is up guys so you might
have seen this clearly this is an old
video I did a video last week explaining
that I'm going to be re uploading some
of my older videos because dudu some
complications with YouTube a lot of them
got like shut off like if you searched
this video in the past you weren't able
to find it because there's like I don't
know if there's like some on and off
switch on YouTube but a lot of my videos
were unsearchable and unfindable so I'm
going to be re uploading them as we go I
have a whole video explaining this that
I'll link in the info but the cool thing
about this is it's a little throwback
every single week every Monday you'll
get to just kind of relive an older
video if you've been following my
channel for a long time and it's
actually really fun for me to do because
I get to watch all of this old footage
but there's gonna be such a variety of
stuff a lot of skateboarding videos got
shut off I talk to you two about it and
they're like hey sorry you got caught in
the mix of all this drama we're gonna
fix it but I've been really patient I've
been like a month so far and nothing has
been fixed so this is what I'm doing I
hope you guys enjoy this video it's
Christmas so Merry Christmas and that's
it all my other videos are during the
week the new videos are staying the same
so you're not getting any less new
content that's it the dog is going crazy
do you remember when you were calling
for Santa of the chimney hacks did he
answer back mm-hmm no what are you doing
right now
mining you're mining is that what they
call mine crafting are you building this
yeah and this mining in my backyard
oh right but that's it I hope you guys
dug this little throwback it's hilarious
how shorter my videos used to be that's
why I did this talking part because I
was like a two-minute video like that's
a ripoff but I have a full new video
coming out tomorrow so I will see you
guys then if you want to see more from
me Hisle subscribe button right below
the video and your sign up to see more
videos you guys have a great Christmas
goodbye
you
