oh my gosh wow that was amazing
oh all right I got your back go down
with this stupid thing in my head doing
50 miles an hour
my gosh the Sun is bright I can barely
open my eyes right now so yeah I know
you're thinking you have seen some of
those Falls if you watch my channel
regularly what I do is I save up my
Falls to make a montage like this and I
put them into a stupid of montage which
is a goofy Falls that make you laugh or
an actual slam montage that might make
you cringe I don't know depends on what
kind of person you are but there were
deficit of Falls that you haven't seen
in there hope you guys dug it I usually
do fall Fridays so I will be back in two
weeks with a normal fall Friday these
are my favorite kind of Falls and ones
that make it just a laugh okay you can
laugh because you know the person that
fell is probably laughing - it's just
really all-around good time but yeah
like I said I'll be back in two weeks
with the traditional fall Friday I'm
gonna go inside and make KC answer a
heated questions so let's go travel back
to the warehouse and see how this goes
and KC is here he left early to get his
back checked out which is what you need
to do so we're gonna go ask Bryan a
heated question a Bryan hey how are you
doing good are you good
so imagine this if if you had to pick
one and it doesn't have to be
necessarily your favorite one if you had
to go back to high school and go to your
prom again who would be your date Wow oh
right link link from Zelda yeah probably
it's a good choice
