they don't even know we're doing it's
raining it's raining I don't even think
we could tell that you launched out of
there I launched it we just kind of
rolled I got over there uh
we're here with Lance Lance how's it
going buddy hi Pete high five we can do
that Tommy what's the what do you need
to say to Lance now say here call happy
birthday here's your birthday dude happy
birthday congratulations on living
another year come back in cut walk over
here welcome here all right there you go
yeah happy birthday let's say you're
sorry uh all right so what you're about
to say is that he is a very insane
skateboarder you're very insane
skateboarder the things he does most
people be afraid of things you do most
people be afraid of this is your
birthday since today it has nothing to
do with it there's nothing to do with it
we're gonna make you do five daring
things and if you'll and those within
ten minutes okay
come on if you land those within ten
minutes he's five daring things involves
going up handrails down handrails over
things across things off things I've
been off things over things grinding
thing whatever we tell you to get like
that Oh have you do it you get this kit
certificate 25 bucks to target if you
don't do it then Tommy gets it that's
about it okay like that you're gonna be
sitting there rooting for him to fall
but you know I wanted to win it all
right come on with the one yeah agreed
agreed
all rights go birthday boy you would say
that I don't want my joking right now
yep that is your board gosh I'm just so
that was the funniest yet the door had
to be kicked open and Brian launched off
this stupid wedge ramp it was kind of
scary but I trusted Jane I trusted him
yes oh yeah great wait are you kidding
he wants to jump off this here
this is a business incredible what is
with people just disregarding what we
say of where I was Wednesdays like I
don't we have no control of this I'm
fully supportive of this though 20 bucks
he knocks off one of the darts on the
way down he's not going to but there's
no way he would you'd be too far out to
surprises this is like what they do like
people just take it over we tell them to
do things there's like now we're doing
this oh my god this you got this yeah
you're all right
get your top watch out he's gotta do
five daring tricks
this is daring all right wait wait we'll
be right
he did it alright there you go nine
minutes of in two seconds yep Wow nine
minutes 50 seconds I was amazing what a
way to start that second trick is easy
launch ramp to back for the video to my
kneecap oh yeah I'm good not penalized
for ramp moving time correct
to pause the clock from removing is
paused this is a heaviest in the world
that's for sure
you got your choice of this down the
stairs or this - right here as your
casually just having a drink I'll jump
down hit the edge clock
he's got that whoo what are we that time
I've got six and half minutes left
all right plenty of time wedge ramp in
front of the rail you're killing it
now boardslide and piti piti up the rail
degree I I guess
you really have six minutes to do this
yeah I'll buy a box moving time first
boss
okay I'm pawns oh that wasted that's it
Oh gave me a heart attack that was
horrifying I felt my heart
I was insane dude the almighty 50/50 up
the handrail we really suck it I haven't
even five minutes or the next person to
the warehouse once it gets 45 seconds to
ten shrinks yeah me yes I was talking
about it was it looked like it was got
sec time luckily Yuma's gonna hit the
paint my skateboard Hall up would have
been good
five target the ban voters
all right well they're giving us you
don't miss them sorry
oh no I wanted to win it's good you just
won warehouse was it yeah it's now yours
with it but you literally want it but I
mean like you own it now with four
minutes left
yeah performance yeah oh wait for every
minute left you did it Thomas owes you
five bucks Oh
yeah what did you know the smaller one
that makes sense seems logical
now I'm just going to ground oh my gosh
you want to do some of the safer daring
things we had a plan for you all right
yeah come over here there's some darts
up there maybe some Christmas
decorations
there's a skateboard hey you heard a
third in here I don't remember
i buyed it for uh oh yeah leave that up
somebody up there might want to skate it
you
