YouTube what is up guys so yes it's a
giveaway time this is the second week in
a row I'm gonna try to keep it up and do
it every single week this week I'm going
to give away some glassy sunglasses and
I'll talk about that just in a second
but first I'm going to tell you the
winners of last week's contest which was
for a revived skateboard three of you
guys win a revived skateboard which is
the dude I'll just take a letter deck
and the winners are hold on
gotta get my piece of paper it's down
here my piece of paper meat hand okay so
the first winner is Zach Carroll check
your youtube inbox
I have messaged you and W instructions
we'll talk on how to get the skateboard
to you and what size you want the second
winner is Javon Freeman third winner is
done to the done RC discovery so thank
you guys for everyone who entered I got
a lot of entries but don't worry I'm
gonna keep doing giveaways and if you're
not a winner you're gonna have more
chances to win stuff but yes Zack
Carroll Trayvon Freeman and RC discovery
you guys want a skateboard check your
youtube inbox --is and we'll talk and
figure out how to get you a skateboard
clean in my lens so this week's giveaway
is a kind of a mutual time what words my
trying to say I don't know a two-channel
giveaway my buddy Bertie Braxton has a
YouTube channel and he hooked it up with
some glassy sunglasses but not only are
they just sunglasses they are signed by
Mike Mo which is one of the owners of
glassy and he is one of one of the most
talented scapers out there you know I'm
already I'm sure but yeah we have three
here's two more and they're all signed
by Mike Rowe super nice of him and Brody
to hook this up so I'm psyched to give
you guys a chance to win this how I'm
gonna do it is I'm gonna give to wait
here on my channel and then over on
Brody's channel I'm also going to pick a
winner and we're gonna mail these out to
you he also sent some goodies we have
some drink koozies and then we got some
likes you know stickers or whatnot so
I'll throw some extras in with each
winner - first off you have to be
subscribed to both of our channels to
win any of this stuff this is just
you're gonna comment one comment per
person if I see you commenting a bunch
you will not be able to win just go down
there and tell me why you want these
sunglasses I will pick two winners
throughout the week and then next week
when I upload a giveaway video I will
announce the winners to the two on my
channel and one on Brodie's this would
be clear make sure you subscribe to me
comment on this video why you want the
and I'm gonna pick two winners here go
subscribe to Brody's channel which is
gonna be at the end of this video
there'll be a link and then right down
there in the bottom there may also be a
link go subscribe to him and on one of
his recent videos go tell me why you
want one of these glasses there and I'll
pick one winner there so there you go
through you guys or gals are gonna win
these awesome shades and the extras
Amanda if you're younger than 18 make
sure your parents know you're doing this
and then you can win anywhere in the
world I really you know I'll ship
anywhere as long as you have an address
the same old spiel I do on all these
giveaways and that is it so that's not
clear enough just go down the info and
read everything I just said again but
make sure you subscribe to mine and
Brody's channel and then comment as
simple as that I am gonna switch these
up and I'm gonna start doing them on
Facebook and Instagram and so it won't
just be youtube comment giveaways but
this one is so uh you're watching this
on YouTube it's that you should be able
to comment that is it good luck thanks
to Mike vote for signing these thanks to
Brody for you know having the idea to do
this and I'm not gonna thank myself
because that'd be stupid I am gonna go
inside and try to do a Smith kickflip
out Smith stall keep about and I don't
have time so I'm not gonna land it but
I've never done the trick so we'll see
if I can land it in a few minutes we'll
see we will see but not like the ocean
see it'll be like we'll see without you
you knew that sorry I say some really
dumb stuff it's recording now PC not
recording again that's never a good
thing is it Smith kickflip out I've
never done it I'm gonna do it I'm gonna
warm up with a Smith and then you can
proceed after that
how's the disaster I said oh my god as
you were hey it's the verdict that was
good okay good luck on your giveaway
guys I'm sorry that was a little sloppy
but was my first one ever
next week I'll make a video announcing
the winners kg say good luck good luck
for this for Brody yeah Bernie yeah
Brody does he know we're friend
does he know you and him are friends
walking through water walking through
water sucks and yet I'm doing it
