previously on we want revenge Hawaii
alright so last episode I wasn't kidding
we came to Hawaii and we're gonna do
some Hawaiian adventures okay we got
everybody - a lot of people but we have
Jason Park we have Christian they've
quiz we have James who don't have last
names I guess what what is it don't know
what is it
we have a t-rex slot this water
yeah screw skateboard yeah tank boarding
sighs all right well that was our intro
you
do you know that you just poured your
coffee all over the ground you just you
really did it on accident
yeah you didn't even hear it well hey
Jason Park hey Andy shock we were
mentioned b-26 we're off the beach now
Christian is here up we're gonna eat
some pokeballs and then we're gonna
skate a sparks hometown park hey you
know what I don't hit a warrior copy you
just did you see this he literally was
like looking at something pouring this
out he didn't hear that he was doing it
that splashing this time if you ever
come to Hawaii you better eat a poke a
bowl all right we're done eating yeah
you get were full and it's raining was
that cool that was it and it was this
that was this montage let's go skating
spot so let's try this again
we ate pokeballs yes we did we drove to
the other side of the island do my
boards in the trunk huh and now your
boards in the trunk but we are gonna
skate cuz it's sunny that's how it works
you just get in your car and drive 20
minutes and it's paradise outside
my teammate and attempted murderer
yeah
that's a wrap
all right day to Hawaii pokeballs again
Oh gotten and we're going to try to
skate the skate park again and there's
no clouds in the sky unless you look
over there and there are but dry I'm
johnny Knoxville
this is my hometown park now drop in
this is a Macy's ad go Macy's that go oh
yeah we're saying it
I think I'm okay oh my god of those
things that hit me so hard I don't feel
it it's just rip your pants yes no I
just like oh it's our kids on film too
Oh
so Jason has taken us to a spot indeed I
don't know what it I don't know where
we're going but we have to trek through
a muddy journey to get there hopefully
we can get there I can't wait
yeah it's kind of weird you're naked oh
hey we're in lost watch over the smoke
monster whoa I'm slipping I'm really
slipping here's a skate spot Oh quiz
I've never seen you do that is the
slippery thing on earth I'm steve-o and
this is a bad idea how how is that a bad
idea
all right I don't know something good
yeah
it's to time
okay let's go to the beach yeah yeah
yeah
you should kick flip it into the
blackboard you hit the arrow the ocean
not what I imagined when I heard it was
a six no yeah that is a basic channel
we have a predicament punch into my team
Jason got struck my escape again again
hey no to make it up I know a six flat
six on the island you want to do it yeah
we're gonna make it Valley something
bigger you want to do it yeah do a story
line isn't it yeah that's why you have
friends like Christian so you don't just
go to spawn just ollie mr. Chris no
Ollie no you did Ali Chris Chris more
than ollie champ this is really weird
kill here we are you're right yeah here
we are last spot alright you're gonna
finish this episode with an ollie I'll
see it it's a six flat six pretty large
ahead it motorcycles running across the
street burn but that is it guys we're
avenged 56 is done this is one of the
coolest trips ever so guys it's been
it's been real you're coming back with
me
and uh thank you for letting us under on
your have no like button finds it there
notice that's good you high-five me with
your underwear but seriously JC Park
thank you for letting me flooding uh
store your homeland it is unfortunate we
didn't see a dinosaur though it's too
bad they're around here but uh didn't
see any can't uh can't have everything
in life see that I'm going to the
airport goodbye
you
I'm not leaving
