warehouse Wednesday it's not Wednesday
it's Friday but we are gonna show you
some things we're gonna show you some
new products Brian hey pride busy Andy
we have product Brian product here it is
and we're going to tell you about it but
our fall 2015 line comes out this
weekend Saturday which is technically
Friday at midnight which is tonight at
midnight I'm a dummy I didn't think of
when this video was uploaded when I was
filming it so all of the stuff you're
about to see comes out tonight at
midnight Eastern Standard Time we're
gonna tell you all about it right we
won't start with let's do a parallel
okay grab shirt bones people got our
Instagram is a fantastic picture of
Thomas wearing this with some gasoline
it is the worst it's amazing yeah and we
also have not here we have a red hoodie
version of this we don't even have a red
hoodie in this warehouse but it's a red
hoodie it's a zip up it splits it right
in half
and it says revive skateboards down the
dude I'm actually black letters black it
seemed yes black and white I believe we
think look on the store there's that
it's in the store now and we have knots
for all two teeth yep JP made this in an
amazing job JP Cooper we have two
versions of it this is the like dark
fourth green version and then we have a
will you explain what nos brought to
this to that night you don't know what
knots Roger I did it until Ryan told me
that's amazing that's incredible now
Sprott toes are moving based off a movie
came out like 1922 yeah it's like films
the first vampire yeah and it's not even
like we're old it's like we just know
about this old thing you should too in
that right I recognize we do now I was
called a vampire so it's not intended to
the original vampire is the og vampire
he was looking scary like do he's
terrifying any kind looks like them -
yeah next up we have something to keep
your face not not anything yeah well not
your face your face is hat warm okay
exactly all right well two things we've
got is the body the bronze logo the new
one so we got black version of we get a
green logo our green version of it
pretty stoked on these it's always good
to have some beanies in stock yeah you
could get that the shirt and that'd just
be a green dude to color tone green guy
but yeah yeah you want to go there so
green I designed those put on put one on
design them err look over the yeah I'll
look at you just look at you Brian I've
got green glasses yellow orange green
yellow take over the world provides
second video it's uh we got the glasses
after years of asking for it we finally
made five panels Justin Nelson made
these two did an amazing job
yeah and he's I'm sure he's gonna wear
one he's gonna wear the crap out of both
of these yeah wearing one right now
you're a five panel or aren't you no I'm
not either
I would look like a I would look like an
ant with a helmet on if I were that
that's what I would look like now it
looks completely normal on you it does
look pretty normal
yeah but yeah let's see how dumb I look
a disclaimer warning this product is not
for everybody
I totally get ant with a helmet by now
the exciting part these skateboards or
it's JP made all these boards he did
incredible job he did an incredible
incredible job pumpkin lifeline pumpkin
lifeline super super says a lot of times
here the lore of this is that people
carve stuff into pumpkin the banana for
a little a few years now and this is
like is if someone pumped carved revived
life line into a pumpkin imagine that
you could that'd be cool if you could
get a jack learn to actually have flames
behind the Daltons yeah and you can't
with this skateboard next next big
hitter bones graphic this one looks
amazing as well JP made this one and I
know this is seems Halloweeny but we
will keep this around for a little while
all the rest of the decks are gonna be
seasonal so if you want them grab them
but this one it will go fast but it will
come back no don't do it so the story
behind what you're about to see is the
Brian Eames approved a deck from JP and
I Condon JP and I was like you know what
it needs something okay we can't just
have this on a deck and I was like JP
listen up let's put a beard on it and
what he came into the warehouse Brian
Adams didn't even know show it to us
Brian
how to solve this yesterday it has a
beard on it this is what the graphic
used to look like right here on this
side of the screen and this is what we
secretly turned it into Brian names in
no look it looks like Brian's kind of
like the whole thing looks like you'd be
amazing so that's beard for a to your
front
I guess we're calling it so right now
yeah let's continue let's continue the
amount of the creature series skeleton
group revived graphic also oh yeah you
didn't know about this either has he
gives kind of a 5 o'clock shadow but
it's not insane yeah that's know you
didn't know but I'm just seeing this now
but you didn't know you just didn't know
that it was a five o'clock shadow shadow
so you just thought like came in weirdly
discolored I guess I'm just now really
looking at it for the first time I
didn't even notice the five o'clock
shadow until just this moment yeah well
he's a nice-looking skeleton thank you I
know the girls find him dashing although
he's dead yeah did what we asked them to
do we overnighted this board to him
because we didn't even tell him we're
making this board and hopefully he's
seeing this before this video right now
but Doug's new pro graphics Sambi Doug
well that is him looks amazing it looks
like done - there good job Tim they're
really creepy yep I spoiled the other
one sorry no I mean like in the shot you
could see that it very below but either
way you did tell them yeah yeah I messed
that up too so anyways Aaron knew this
was coming but Aaron's near his board
it's good there's Aaron Aaron Kara's a
zombie that is all the product we have
coming out this Saturday Friday night at
midnight so Wow we have what we're not
done yet what do we forget you're
holding it yeah and real quick before we
are the dumbest people in this room
right now we have a whole new type of
boards coming out it's been a long past
due but finally we have cruisers yes
you've seen ask a time in our videos I'm
standing over right now we have four
different color ways they're all the
life line and these will go fast right
we don't have many of them so they won't
go our distributors and shops are
already buying them up so if you want
these get them now we're gonna try to
get them back in for Christmas but no
promises
like I said we have some of them but
they're gonna go fast so grab them while
you can
and they're really fun we'll do a whole
video on these soon so watch out baby so
fun this game yes like watch amazing a
lot of this stuff is seasonal so if you
like it now is the time to get it come
Christmas it might not be here so like I
said now's the time but that's it hope
you guys dig it thank you to JP for
creating all the stuff thank you for
Brian Ames for having a beard and that's
it we're not gonna do a lot of skating
but I'm gonna try to do a trick on that
handrail I think you were you fill me
yep and once again tonight at midnight
the 19th technically but tonight at
midnight all this stuff goes live at the
Shred quarters calm the link is down
below now on to skateboarding
Wow
you felt like right to your arm okay you
see like my foot hit the rail you know I
was looking at your body hey you break
arm I feel like I've run barb I was a
second try
you never set out to do a new trick and
I accomplished I'm proud of you that
happened it happens every day
good job Saturday this weekend all that
false that comes out I'm gonna go pass
out Friday night whatever I'm gonna I'm
get gun gone for groceries
Casey your channels right down below man
thank you for filming you're out of
focus
no it looks good all right and that was
gonna do some salt on this hey doing a
trick that's gonna be a challenge okay
all right and that was gonna just
convince install on the bank do new
trick get a challenge do some new tricks
on the bank he's gonna stall on them
that's your new challenge that's what
you have to do all right I'm gonna do
some stalls my challenge is to do a new
trick Casey good job Neil inner talking
with it oh my god
