hello youtube today I just got a package
from force wheels and I'm very excited
about opening it it's my first one from
Andy shock oh goodness since I've been
on the team it's a pretty big Daddy so
he told me he was gonna hook it up
because he was excited about this whole
thing and so my me and Andy shocked
going together I don't know
couldn't be a cooler cooler duo so right
here is the package I think it seemed
pretty easy to open there's one piece of
tape and I would do something crazy like
use my teeth or or machete I'm just
gonna use my fingers cuz look oh I see
people do things all the time but I'm
gonna use something super creative
scissors I see a letter right at the top
okay okay it's literally filled to the
brim you see that the whole thing so to
the top that's crazy
should we just stop at the letter it
said oh yes
is this pigs can't skate handrails
welcome to the team John that's a nollie
heel love force I'll get a closer
picture of this to come that is very
sweet very sweet indeed okay
moving forward letter saving it probably
framing it we got some four stickers oh
my goodness to four stickers to look
like this we had a lot of four stickers
we got that we got this and it just
keeps her going
you see that's backwards pebble suck
skate faster now that I think kids need
to realize how crucial this is skating
faster makes you way colder Hills force
wheels Hill thank you for my pro model
and East Rock Hills wheels I'm very
excited about that
just kidding it just means bomb Hills
that's what the bomb is for before the
hills dude they seriously how sweet is
this he knows I like to eat food and eat
soup and cereal and things that require
spoons so liquid Andy provided for me
fourth wheel spoon
and I think this is a little button that
I probably put on the Hat next is all
the articles of cloth we're gonna start
off with a shirt a sweater a shirt in a
shirt in a sweater but actually you know
what I don't know how I'm gonna do this
there's so many shirt shirt okay this
one like this one is worth opening up
right now because you already know how I
feel about this guy Jason Park sucks
this is my homie right here he's
actually the one who got me hooked up
with force wheels so I love this guy and
I actually don't agree with this shirt
at all but I agree with Jason being
awesome and having his name on a shirt
because who doesn't love Jason Park
force force Han Hey all right and for
the beautiful winners to come here's the
sweater he doesn't know this yet but I
love sweaters this will be the thing
that I will ask foremost in the future
I'm sure getting down to the dirty for
shoeless hardware force those hardware
and then last but not least the ultimate
reason force wheels exists providing
really really cool wheels to people who
like skateboarding boom boom boom boom
God dang it
and boom was that you here two wheels
oh all right let's go through all the
shirts it's basically the same as the
hoodie except it's black on dark red
I love love this one love monster very
smart idea the long sleeve version
forcefields long sleeve it looks like a
like a DNA sample like like whoa
this one skate faster I think you know
from my my reaction to the stickers
that's that's awesome me the monster
with force down his throat is getting
forced to eat force now you meant that
this one I've seen multiple times and it
kind of reminds me of like a jab
nice flag type thing maybe yeah sorry
you know I know I think of like a like a
ninja I think of a ninja I love the red
of the gray together but look it's shiny
and yeah that's it that's the whole
package this is probably the biggest
package I've ever got in my life I'm
insanely excited to be working with
these guys I'm actually going down to
Cincinnati I'll be going down there
pretty often
I'm not sure if this video will be
posted beforehand but I'll be in
Cincinnati soon hanging out with the
crew skate in the warehouse very excited
about that it's gonna be really cool so
Andy thank you for this package for
squeals thank you for being amazing and
now it is time for the test trial I have
these wheels they're my favorite of the
bunch my favorite colorway at least and
we're at McBride skate park no one's
here Long Beach California we're just a
boarding have a lot of fun and try to
get cool tricks
so one reason I reached out to force
wheels and one reason I was excited to
work with these guys is because on
YouTube you see the backbone of the
company you see exactly where it starts
where it goes the process in the middle
most companies that I really like and
I've always liked if you dig deep enough
and go to the root of it you know it's
not as skateboard oriented as you would
hope and for me I want skateboarding to
control the products that I buy I think
this is important for a lot of people
for me especially it doesn't have to be
to you but that's why I wanted to work
with a company like this John Hill
people ok sorry to interrupt you John
but yeah you guys need to subscribe to
John's channel they're billing in the
info and then when the screen changes
here at the end the bottom lick will be
John please subscribe to his channel he
makes amazing YouTube videos he has
really good camera presence he just
happens to be one of the most talented
skateboarders are gonna watch here on
YouTube he's the newest Force Rider what
it means a lot to have him as part of
the family and I wish one to upload this
video because you don't see force
unboxings probably me here on my channel
I can just go to the where else and take
what I want so I figured I'd throw this
up show you what John's all about and
then it would help him out and send some
people his way because he deserves it he
makes really good YouTube videos go
check it out and him and Cody are about
to be in town this weekend those are the
two newest force riders so you'll be
seeing more content of them so in the
meantime go check out this channel and
that's it I do daily videos here myself
so the top link at the end of video is
going to be me if you want to see daily
videos from me but mainly check out John
that is mandatory ok
so until I accept people I'm gonna go
edit we want revenge 56 hopefully I
don't break my ain't going these rocks
first ah I'm just kidding I didn't
you
