warehouse Jesus man where'd you come on
these frickin warehouse Wednesday ah
another co bond that was so cheesy yeah
what yeah that was awful we're gonna
keep going though hi come on dude what
are we doing today Oh skateboarding yeah
what was we wouldn't be doing a normal
episode but our fall releases this
weekend we would show you the fall
products he said we don't have them yet
they come in like middle of the week
which is when this video is up so we're
gonna skate the new hubba sledge
whatever you want to call it that this
dude built high fives all around yeah
and then we're gonna do a video tomorrow
showing you all the product tomorrow or
friday as soon as we get it will show to
you guys good all right let's go skate
tricks what's up you know I hey go pro
okay my kicker can take a shoe at go pro
yeah let's see ah like captain's chin
all right oh hi Brian high on Beale time
there it is thank you for making another
good obstacle course man in two weeks in
a row or killing it or just keep on
going yeah Casey honest answer are you
willing to film yeah are you having a
good time texting texing' Sam thank you
my friend preemptive thank you answer
there you go what are you gonna do
Star Wars grip team that's not what
you're going to do
how's that amazing that's how you wrap
up a session they all look just horrible
and it was just like this
really good those good thank you pick up
I don't think your dog can catch catch
the ball she can't she's literally did a
first try you didn't you didn't do it
like 10 times a row brownie the dog why
you gotta make me look dumb like that
Brody you hustled me we really did you
get one hahaha yes I told you session
done and you are on your phone I am so
look forward to tomorrow or the very
latest friday for the fall launch lineup
you get to see the boards that we
unveiled and it goes live to friday
night at midnight saturday technically
which is the 18th thank you p is it I
can see if you should look it up Friday
would be the 18th so technically the
19th I think so yep Friday's 80 the 19th
is when it technically comes out so
friday night eastern standard time so
it'll be nine o'clock over in california
but if you're anywhere else the world
figure it out look forward to it will
upload video that's it to be fun okay
hey grab that tennis ball if you hit
this i will give you ten bucks okay i'm
gonna hold it right here here wait wait
wait do it
failed he's way off well Brody couldn't
do any better
I like literally two button dance for a
stroll away is great
