YouTube what is up guys I'm doing a
giveaway in fact I'm trying to do more
giveaways on my channel in general
hopefully I can do them weekly I'm not
gonna claim that just yet I'm gonna see
how it goes
to kick it off I'm gonna be giving away
some skateboards we have the dude I'll
just take a letter deck right here and
I'm gonna give away three copies of them
how you gonna enter is you're just gonna
give this video a thumbs up and go down
in the comments and leave one comment
only I didn't think about this I should
probably think about what I'm gonna say
before I turn the camera on all right I
got it go down and give this video a
thumbs up and then leave one comment
don't blow the feet up with a million
comments I'm gonna see that and be like
dude calm down
I'm not picking you so just one comment
and you're gonna say
Sam Tabor's face looks like a and then
just take it from there no not even a we
gotta say Sam Tabor's face looks like
and then you're just gonna take it from
there and I'm gonna scroll through the
comments next week and upload the
winners here on YouTube I'll just pick
my three favorite comments that I see
and I'll announce them here on YouTube
and I'll do my next giveaway video at
the same time so hopefully every week
we'll be able to come here and try to
win something and find out who ones last
week giveaway I'm gonna do different
things not just skateboards and I'll do
force wheels I'll do the video games
like oh I'll make it fun and I'll keep
the the random and just come and but
with as with any giveaway you could win
anywhere in the world as long as if you
have a legit address I'll ship to you
and then if you're younger than 18 make
sure your parents know you're doing this
because then you get to give your
address out you didn't want to be giving
away your address without your parents
knowing if they're it's yeah so these
come in seven seven five eight and 8.25
and you can take your pick if you win
I'll message you on YouTube after
announce the winners and you can shoot
me a response back with your address and
whatnot this year reiterate go down give
this video a thumbs up and then leave a
comment Sam Tabor looks like and then
say whatever you need to say and I'm
gonna pick three funny responses that I
that I do so good luck
I believe Thomas is coming just read
quarters here in a second so I'm gonna
film a few tricks with him but that is
it
good luck and I will see you next week
to give away more stuff and freakin the
whole time I was doing that there was
like a scurrying down here you're
probably couldn't hear it but there's
like animal bones and stuff there's some
creature that lives in here I'm getting
out of here I mean that if that's ever
how I died that'd be hilarious like yeah
and he went to the rocks to film a
freaking video and he never came back
cuz the rabid squirrel got him but how
you doin hey
you're here on this video right now oh
my good so would you like to do some
tricks in front of the camera I'll try
okay
good job thank you I like that and I
check the locker
so there you guys go hope you dug that
that was Thomas doing what he does but
yeah good luck to everyone who enters
and I'd you day of the video so hit the
subscribe button if you're already not
and for more chances to win stuff okay
oh now we got new take over the world
sunglasses in you can read that yellow
is yellow and if you didn't know that
you're colorblind and I'm sorry unless
there's a touchy subject then just
pretend I didn't say anything about it
I'm gonna leave
you
