there you go that was another amazing
street montage from Luiz Moura I swear I
how-to videos the internet shouldn't
even tell you how to do the tricks that
should just be like if you want to
kickflip front board handrails be
friends the police because everybody who
films is just amazing and he does his
filming very well so if you like what
you saw definitely check out his channel
as the bottom link right there like I
said these awesome of filming any film
some of the most entertaining dudes in
LA it's amazing skating definitely check
it out I do daily videos here myself so
click the top link for me but mainly
check out lewis uh uh that's it let go I
want to go go but I'm not gonna go go
you know saying I really don't know say
I i I'm just speaking go check out
Louise goodbye
you
