food for your face
thank you keys what's up guys this is a
day-in-the-life 36 this is a weekend day
though I usually do these on the
weekdays but today is a weekend that's
just the fact of the nature of the now
the talk funny enough I'm gonna start my
day off kind of the same way I'm gonna
go to shred quarters with ridin but I'm
not going to work I'm going to hang out
with him and then we were going out
skating with Sam Taber only the catch is
I can't skate because I jump down to the
stairs and got bruises on both of my
feet yesterday so I'm gonna be off the
board for like another week or so but uh
ridin and saber they can skate it's
about nine o'clock and I'm gonna get a
ride and ready to go and then we had
clean us around because he made a mess
of it he made a big mess of it this is
what I was talking about right in there
boy what is what is that you need
breakfast before you eat a fruit snack
ha
that is a chickenhead though did you
want to wear the same shirt as me yeah
we're matching okay yeah wait and
resurrect magazine yeah and that is
Santa Mira go jump all right and stuffed
animals and go up there do it Oh dad you
just made more of a mess do it okay ah
boom most were you stack up those books
buddy
that'll do we could have made your bed
better but let's go let's go get ready
putting some sacks on your feet it will
be so so neat and get your shoes on
alright go cuddle with mom while I get
ready thank you have a good day studying
yeah mama kiss goodbye final ball in
where's your book aiming your pup's are
right there you can reach them alright
so wife / mom has to stay home and study
all day which is what you do when you're
in grad school to be a physical
therapist so it's father/son day pretty
much today
alright breakfast is ready quarters
let's do it
all right we are about to have some
breakfast aren't we
and then nothing would make me mm-hmm
is it tasty it's good good
breakfast done where'd you play in the
warehouse while we wait for Sam Taber to
show up pink poop it's so usually at
least one day weekend we come to shred
quarters and sometimes I do well he
plays and then I play with him of course
or sometimes we just come and goof
around the whole time but uh I don't
know how long we're gonna be here
because we are gonna go out Sam so look
hey do you like the new hip you might do
some target practice yeah let's go over
here go and go over this one the up and
down okay
all right try to hit it oh you did
oh yeah you got it that was good all
right I got a pretty cool idea right
while we're waiting for Sam you're gonna
make a scribble and I'm gonna turn to a
drawing okay
you wanna do this let's do it and just
when we're about to do that Sam gets
here so let's go let's say Amen okay
there you go
hug mid-walk mid-walk hug and back two
drawings you make a scribble and I'll
turn it into a picture okay all right
I'm gonna go with it this is what he
came up with all right this is what I
made the weird-looking dinosaur okay and
we're gonna name this guy bill the t-rex
I'm gonna say drawn by writing right
down here okay we use a red one
all right then I put by riding and Andy
schrock at the bottom okay there it is
doesn't want to do another one
all right now I can draw with that I can
do this this is what he did I really
hope you guys settle rattlesnake yes
this is snake
he's just touching himself that sounded
that's good I can work with that you
wanna do that hey Nick you're mine no
look at me here see it so here we go
this is Frank and Timmy right and I drew
three drawings and we be putting these
in random orders that go out this week
so have you get one of these be psyched
because there's only three of them we'll
do more of these in the future though
are you gonna watch Caillou all right
all right so Casey's just called and
he's going to come out with us while Sam
and ridin skate so while we're waiting
for him I'm gonna sweep this place
because I never have time to do that
ever anymore
Casey's here hello Casey
what if I'm good 836 you haven't had a
chance to escape the hippie audio has
anyone yeah we filled the whole session
on it I've had two sessions on this tree
your first trick on the hip
congratulations
yeah yeah hey hey all right pop-ups in
the bag ready to go are we gonna go
skate let's go
all right ready to go skateboard what is
that no one inside you is it now Sun or
something oh my gosh ride him there's a
t-rex over there hi Katie
yes I am well we were can escape this
bank ride in but there's a semi in front
of it we still got it we don't all right
yeah so you want to go grind that rail
over there and then go to their spot all
right
got some pitbull out we should start a
shark company hamed oh all right we are
here to spot right more time do pooja
helmet at all hey you're welcome
what he absolutely did he did it good
yeah good ee hey let's see it oh you got
down that's probably a hamster how about
all right so we are looking at a spot
that Sam could potentially do for his
video part so you're not going to see
anything from here let's get a cut Oh
congratulations
thank you I did it Sam just filmed like
the coolest trick for his part so far it
might not be your best trick but I think
it's the coolest so very cool looking
yeah it's made gosh my ankles roll oh
yeah and you got hurt so awesome and you
actually like a little angel didn't you
what do you say we go eat some lunch hey
buddy you're not allowed to play video
games all day okay look you got to go
outside move around
yeah skateboarding successful now it's
on to lunch
we should start a construction cone
business yeah and let's go ridin this is
your first burrito it's pretty cute
burrito ever the really did you like
your burrito he it was good how did you
get that much cookie on your face
and I got on your face wacky flag turn
event you
89.7 fit station riding there's a
brontosaurus right there alright guys
well thanks for hanging out with writing
down those fun thanks for filming things
yeah good job on your trick
all right we're home all right buddy
let's take a nap okay the lights out
okay so riding is napping I actually
fell asleep and napped for a little bit
myself I've been exhausted lately it
doesn't help that in my entire body is
sore from yesterday but I'm gonna let
him nap a little longer I'm gonna work
my cap ear and do some videos my wife is
still studying and stuff but when we get
riding up we're gonna go out and get
some dinner and hopefully do something
fun alone family life that's what's
gonna happen dude work on a computer
next to a cat yep that's you bagel even
though you're more like a dog ah bagel
someone wake up
hmm hey buddy hi come here come on up
here
how was your nap or is it still
happening so now we're gonna get ready
to go to dinner
look ridin is gonna punch a balloon
first now that we got that out of the
way are you ready to go dinner let's do
it
you're miss you what you hit it we're
gonna take mom's car right so we're
leaving for dinner and we have no idea
where we're going which is literally
like what it's like to be a family is
like where should we dinner like I don't
know all right we are at b2b threes
which we rarely eat wings we're getting
wings tonight they're wings
you ready for wings in fact maybe I
should rephrase that you ready for me
corn dogs or something kid like what are
you bringing in to dinner your paw
patrol pups heck yeah we be GoPro in so
I don't have to bring my whole camera
into restaurant wait watch this watch
watch
ah
we are eating and I'm not going to let
you watch
say no way whoa
so I saw the zebra but I was like I'm
not I'm not gonna give you a ride dude I
didn't hey when you have a girlfriend or
wife avoid target at all cost with them
let's go inside
Oh ridin did you need a new crib are you
sure we should probably get you a new
crib
all right we're home so yeah we are home
now and we're going to play a little bit
and then we're going to input them bed
sound like a plan funny thing about
bagel they said he's obsessed with this
stuffed animal this is bun bun throw it
in the kitchen my cat is the dog I swear
however low got my hands on one of these
awesome bb-8 remote control guys for my
for my office but we've totally been
playing with them at home Wratten you
want both bb-8 you knocked his head off
don't we can either stop so sup sup min
come back
don't brush your teeth with mommy and
come back in here we'll get you in some
Darth Vader PJs all right you're in your
PJs you want to show everybody your
somersault you did earlier okay there
you did it all right well it's been a
fun day in the life buddy
you're gonna go to sleep mom and dad are
gonna play Mario Party and we're gonna
do it all again tomorrow right
all right I love you giving the last
words to say to YouTube before we go I
love you we love you PJ egg don't like
to 70k down exactly how I would have
said it
you
