whoa whoa I was kidding
that was just editing house just dollar
was you - what's up guys this is an
update video where I'm talking about
stuff and it's I've been doing this long
enough you really know what's going on
and if you don't you probably like this
guy's weird I'm gonna give him a like 30
seconds if he doesn't piqued my interest
I'm gone
that's typically how the internet works
okay and I'm I don't really know what
I'm saying right now but I'll talk about
my life and everything's going on with
my companies and stuff like I usually do
my life is pretty good right now one I'm
in Cincinnati and lately I haven't been
in Cincinnati with all of the month of
August
pretty crazy okay it started out in
Vegas and then I was home for a few days
then I went on a family trip to Florida
okay and then I was home for a few days
and then I went to Hawaii and then I'm
and I'm back home for a few days no I'm
actually here for three weeks which is
amazing because I traveled a lot and
riding was with me for some of that
traveling but I hate being away from him
I hate it I'm usually all away for like
three or four days max but Hawaii was
like six days and I was like life what's
going on Andy come on
so I got in a plane and I flew home and
I was like I love you son I'm gonna hang
out with you no but it was it was all
good fun like all the trips were really
really cool especially Hawaii cuz I
haven't been there so it was just
beautiful like we listened to the
Jurassic Park theme song about 90% of
the time so we filmed a whole we are
avenged so I think not in this weekend
but the next weekend you'll see the
Hawaii episode of we are avenged but
it's been fun this month I don't really
do any traveling except later I have a
skate mission to Vegas I've got a couple
tricks I'm gonna film out there though
Doug's meeting up with VIP me and then
Justin Ellison and white ninja lives
there so we'll skate with him so that'll
be fun
one thing that's kind of stuff lately is
that I try to trick for my video part
that I've been trying for a while on
some stairs and I did not go well I
stuck it like perfect about 30 times I'm
not even exaggerating like I literally
stuck it perfect about three times but
apparently my legs just don't know how
to work and I severely bruised the
bottoms of my feet it's like four or
five days later now and I'm feeling a
little better and I can like kind of
roll on a board and stuff and walk
around but I was I was beat up like if I
was in a 90's movie I was the small kid
not getting picked on that was me other
than that life is great
just a bowl full of spicy pickles stuff
did did free taco day that's what
that's what my life is I do have a coupe
to show you guys okay yes a clip it's
actually in we are avenged 45s when
Jason Park does a kickflip on a wall and
I don't know if you guys actually like
watched it happen but he totally like
ninja cakes you know like Lu Kang and
Mortal Kombat when he did the bicycle
kick across the frickin screen like
Jason Park harnessed this from Liu Kang
look at what he does right here do you
see that back foot let's watch that
names in slow-mo
back foot goes to catch it and he
removes it and then catches it and then
puts it back on does he slow down time
when he skates because normal people
have a trouble enough catching their
skate world one flip bit less kicking
their feedback in the air until it feels
right my gosh JC Park even when he does
a basic kickflip it's just there's
something he has to like throw extra
town there's like you know what this
would be way harder if I freaking did
the hokey-pokey while I do this cake
flip ok put my left foot in pull it back
out shake it around no but I saw that
editing and I was like that looks kind
of weird and I played it a slo-mo and I
was like this is worth pointing out on
the internet because this is only Jason
Park does this I want to talk about some
reviving for stuff those are my two
companies as you know and they're revive
the world we have a new fall season
series salt what what am I talking about
but in the revived world we have a new
fall line coming out next weekend in
eight days if you may because we had
some issues like getting product in in a
timely manner through our schedule off
for the whole year so I'm sorry if it
seems boom-boom-boom but you guys get
new skateboards so you can't be too
bummed on it so yes I believe we have
five new decks coming out we have a two
or three shirts a hoodie and and
something else I won't admit I'll just
let you tune in next week when we talk
about all this stuff but I do have a
sneak peek of a new sunglasses look I
made these these are the take of the
world sunglasses boom you put these on
your face bees love you it's amazing
the force stuff just launched so we
don't really have much talked about in
the force world but we will be releasing
holiday stuff on Black Friday just stay
tuned for that and then next year is
gonna be a big force here we have some
exciting stuff plans so again stay tuned
basically this is the time of the video
where I'd like hey man I got some really
cool things to tell you just not now I
think I do want to say about like just
everything like reviving for some a lot
of people ask us if we ship worldwide we
have always shipped worldwide okay
unfortunately International shipping is
not cheap it's expensive a lot of times
it cost just as much as the like the
skateboard or a little bit more to get
it to you you got to keep in mind that
like the you know skateboard is worth
different amounts in different countries
so a lot of times it's still the same
price you'd pay in your country so just
kind of figure that out but we do have
some UK distributors right now skate Hut
and reliable skate supply both carry us
revive and for stuff Australia is
another big market that we sell
- and the price is high and we can't do
anything about that because the Postal
Service charges what they do and we we
have no I can't do anything about it I
really can't so in the words I'm talking
to two distributors in Australia right
now live in Australia and you want
things to happen I think we're talking
to skater HQ and bored shop Australia so
hit them up I don't know on Twitter
MySpace whatever you got that is if you
want a revived ex to be a little cheaper
and more affordable it's just it's good
for bet it's good for your skate scene
and it's it's better for you you cheaper
shipping it's just it's a bad but it
yeah I've been doing this for a long
time you think it'd be way better and
all this everywhere else
don't worry like we're gonna work on it
and try to get more people carrying
things in different places we do have
shops around the world carrying us but
you know shops very local so
distributors are definitely a better way
of kind of getting into the masses of
your country but all this has been a
little serious kay my life and my
company is like that's not that's not
fun I'm gonna tell you something
embarrassing and it's gonna have to do
with a female ok ah
though if you don't want to hear about
just an embarrassing thing that has to
do with the girls boobs don't listen to
this expert on why you wouldn't want to
though I mean after I say that like what
are you talking about eighth grade all
right eighth grade is like the worst
time for anything to happen k even the
good things that happened you did enter
weird it's just it's frankly weird the
only thing is goodnight greatest video
games let's face that in skateboarding I
didn't skate in 8th grade though
unfortunately I was walking up to my
teacher okay he was handing out like our
grated sheets or something there's like
some quiz come get your quiz I don't
know why you didn't just hand them out
to the top of our row and then pass it
back like any normal teacher but he was
not a normal teacher he was a good
teacher he was weird though this is he
was having us come up to collect
something in front of the class
eighth grade is an awkward time for
Heights okay so I'm in line to get my
paper with my name on it and there's a
girl that's really taller than me behind
a gate I was short she was tall
perfectly face level with her chest that
is what happened okay and you could
probably guess what happens next in my
eighth grade brain I was grabbed my
paper and I was gonna turn around and go
right to my desk because that's where I
said all right and then this girl I
don't know every if I just didn't think
to go like left or right maybe I just
went straight back because I've been
dumb of me I have to think that I was a
little more smarter than that so that
lets that went left okay see I had a
brain cell in my brain and I actually
went what direction I went left she was
there okay
she was just perfectly a chest to face I
smashed into it she's wearing a big
sweater at least you know a lot of kids
were like wait talking about I would be
site because I'm an eighth grade you
know girl okay you'd be eighth grade and
do it inform the class and you're
embarrassed okay I don't even know what
to say I just smashed right into her I
was like ah what do you say and I'm
literally actually handle it pretty well
looking back at it but I was just like
okay and I went to my desk like all
right I didn't mean it like yeah it
happened I meant it like I don't know
what to say so I'm just gonna agree with
what your boobs I don't know that's what
happened I ran into her I never talked
about it again people laughed at me but
that was it and now it's just some
random story on YouTube and I was trying
to think of some embarrassing story to
tell you guys because I liked it I liked
to give them a little tidbits of life
and that happened so my advice to you
guys if you're at the front of the class
and you're whipping around really fast
check for random tall girls okay I don't
even know why I told that story I really
don't but there you go I've looked
everywhere I can't find my phone okay
but that's it so be on the lookout for
more information on the revived fall I'm
coming out next week videos to come I
have a day in the life 36 tomorrow which
unfortunately because of my injury like
I talked about earlier I can't skate in
it that much but there's some a little
bit of skating in it and then there's a
lot of ridin in so be psyched for that
we are invention t6 should come out next
weekend like I said I'm going to
hopefully go out and film some prank age
stuff this weekend hopefully it happens
my life it probably won't because the
rain will come crashing down upon my
desires and hearts that's what usually
happens but videos every day so if
you're not subscribed to me hit the
subscribe button and you'll see more
from me and yeah that's it I'm done here
just say goodbye I'm gonna throw this
screwdriver at Bryan Ames right here I
don't want him in the face cuz uh I
might use his face for future things but
I'm gonna try and hit him right in the
belly oh I hit him in the Wiener yes
almost doesn't look good though that
does not look good
the chair was supposed to fall down
let's play the guitar with my dart we
have a new fall season series salt what
what am I talking about holy cow get a
calculator and out of your brain cells
handy because there's not many I was
pretty harsh I mean I was just
straight-up harsh myself right there but
you know what I don't have a self-esteem
and I'm right I'm insane I don't even
owe what I'm talking about right now
