warehouse wednesday i'm hyped for this
one dude that I I don't know what to say
that surprised me good Garrett how's it
going buddy three genies hey what's up
hey today you have to do back point
that's the challenge but it actually is
not the challenge at all i just told
brian to say that so he had something to
say okay ya know you don't gotta do
backflip but you did build something did
he not yes he did you're very very very
excited you're pretty obsessed with it
i'm i'm here the greatest things that
we're having is where it's amazing it's
a hit squad evil it you just kind of
said it i almost said it but I let's
just go and look at it we're gonna keep
it simple we're gonna do a montage ok
well you're gonna skateboard there's a
pronounced montage both yeah boss oh
yeah it's been a while whoa failed I
will karate chop if you tried you Talia
get in the obstacle is behind me are you
guys ready fresh boom look at that look
at this face mate but it's a big hit
it's amazing it is so good dude you
killed it thank you let's get it on
credit let's get it on do it talk to get
it on get it yeah not the song you sick
up
love
and it still
got
yo
come
No
let us down
poor sad dude dude one more time okay
dude is that's a handshake you did
amazing I think it's a well-built piece
of machinery it's it's not machinery
really but no not at all but you are a
good skateboarder and a good constructor
machete what do what do you call this
carpenter oh yeah carpentry yeah I mean
in the field of carpenter read this
deserves a field of high fives field of
high fives field high fives what are you
even doing I'm just giving people I've
huts why just just to celebrate right
where else Wednesday is not good Thank
goodbye
that was kickflip blade hard flip I
didn't write it though oh I just made it
look like I letting you in
I
