move it slide it over whoa we do have a
box this is from GoPro say GoPro go flap
GoPro yeah funny story I was talking
about how much I needed to go probably
man I need a GoPro for certain things
and then I got it
tweet if you me from that and saying hey
we really liked your video with right
and we want to send you guys some stuff
so they sent me this box I'm hoping
there's a GoPro inside because I would
like to go so we're gonna open it up I'm
gonna show you guys what's in the box
and whatnot and then if there's a GoPro
inside I'm gonna switch over some test
footage using it and this is wrapped
this is wrapping wooly man 1 oh yeah we
Hawk ripped it what is inside ridin a
bunch of stuff awesome stuff first I'm
going to go do this so this is a stick
to hold your GoPro and film yourself
some college something that I will not
name it weighs use did not take pictures
of your face it can be very useful for
videos so that's awesome it's a really
well-built it looks like it goodies this
is a junior chesty we'll get into that
later in life a 32 gig 32 gigs that's
awesome a micro SD card and dump did it
up done the new gopro hero4 session this
is sleek looking I saw Nigel using this
and I immediately wanted one so I am
really really psyched to sent me this
Wow
Thank You GoPro this is amazing Brendan
what you do with the back of the chesty
bag what you do then do you have it what
you get it tear open it up alright let's
see what this is in this chesty bag I
imagine it's a chest mount for your
camera which actually is awesome I don't
know if I would call it chesty but I'm
excited about the product
that's exactly what it is chop this to
yourself you have a GoPro right here
like Iron Man Iron Man doesn't actually
have that but I mean he would cuz yes
blow I'm sick or their watch what you do
to me OOP alright what I know watch this
look everything that I am into open up
let's open this bad boy up and see what
we're working with okay uh-huh nice
presentation I really like how the box
is good together
we've got more stickers but there it is
it's so tiny and black and sleek and
awesome OOP there it is here is the
gopro hero4 session it is a cube an
awesome cube though your back kind of
does look like a box but as a box of
films makes video so that's cool alright
so once you get in here while they do
have sticker spray right Oh stickers
right Joey put this on your forehead
okay there you go so you're on your
forehead now I have one sticker left
right and just through the instruction
manual no come on but I don't throw this
go get this I'm fetching my toddler's
you go get way through we have some
adhesive mounts that's pretty cool so
you can put your cameras up in places
that you wanted to stay here's another
slide mount it's got a cable to connect
to a USB to charge it and another case
so I think this is an extra case like
that art is already on it here here's
your sticker I love you it's pretty much
just got a bunch of extra mounts and
he's some sticks um it's a really sharp
looking camera and I like how small it
is what we're gonna do is we're going to
don't put them your eyeballs does not
hurt either okay you did put it on
ah God now we both have stickers on our
forehead okay
so but I'm gonna charge this up and in a
later date in the future I'm gonna take
it out for a test drive and we're gonna
switch that footage right now say see in
the future yeah are you in a are you in
a heavy metal band okay I didn't know
that
so we're here with GoPro the only thing
I'm going to test out is the head strap
alright so I'm going to put this on my
head and I'm going to see how some
first-person shots go and then in the
future I will do some more tests with
all the other tablets attachments and
accessories that you saw in the unboxing
segment of this video let's test this
out alright suck at five
so their guys go that was the first time
testing out a first-person camera at all
on the hero4 session is awesome it was
really easy to use you can just put it
on your head you know get the angle on
your cell phone which I kind of had
trouble I didn't really realize that I
should have like fix my angle the first
so I'm sorry if a few tricks for cramps
but I eventually got the hang of it you
know you can look at yourself on how it
looks with using their application you
just press the button it turns on start
recording and turn you turn the
recording off and then the camera turns
off and it's awesome you can access the
clips on your cell phone then you can
connect to your computer it access it
there so it's really easy to use and I
had a good time doing it it's just a
cool way because you just you know you
press it on and you go to your tricks
you don't have to worry about capturing
it's already there so uh heck yes Ryden
are you actually gonna stay awake next
time I do it because you slept yeah you
take a nap didn't ya
you were also ticklish no oh you were
foolish I wasn't gonna take what yeah
why would I ever do that I had a good
time messing around with it and I just
want to say thank you to GoPro for
sending me all this stuff that was very
nice of you and I'm gonna do some more
videos I'm gonna try I'm gonna test out
this next this is the chest harness so
uh that's it yeah lookout for more GoPro
videos and uh I can't what do you got
anything else you need say well we're
not women cutting popsicles they're very
good a fighter and a I got it bye I love
you and good night I'm pretty sure no
one knew what you were talking about
there but I did and I love you I'm even
are we did okay
oh whoa whoa whoa whoa
you
well this is what it looks like when
you're texting if you guys didn't know
what that looked like you should walk
around like an idiot I'm just kidding
everyone everyone walks around text us
doesn't make sense well this is what it
looks like
you
