what's up guys we're gonna do a little
different type of video today we are
going to a strength test on our very own
arrived skateboards a lot of people
asked us to review revive decks we
believe that they're good we selected
the best wood for the job and we love
our product but we're going to show to
you just how strong the decks are we're
going to stomp a deck we got from
targets and then we're going to attempt
to a stomper revive deck
I have never successfully stomped a
revive deck so I tried it do not work
yeah I'm looking forward to topping this
yeah trying to do these are both
brand-new never been skated so of course
a few weeks down the road there they'd
be easier to stomp but often they get go
just to show you how strong they are
here we are
alright so we got this one from Target
and it's honestly a little better we
skated it around for a second we it's a
little better than a lot of the decks
that you get from uh you know like
general stores I'm pretty sure this is
not gonna I'm just gonna do a test on it
you wanna do a cable test we do can
raise
I mean he popped it that was pretty good
yeah it's it feels all right for a
target board but but we're gonna stomp
it and see how strong he is
and I'm sorry we're really not trying to
be wasteful in this but you know we're
gonna take one for the team on this and
consider it research and development
right give it away somehow yeah do
something with it all right the moment
the target board go for it did it give
you any to the fight back at all
not really it did not all right that was
not hard at all it just exploded again
real sorry that were waste for all in
this we try not to do things like this
but to give an idea of what it's like
just on the board we had to do something
so we decided to do with a target board
now the revived deck you just put this
together and now Brian Eames brand new
deck okay let me try here you come get
the camera it's funny that when you see
someone mess up on a stomp and it fights
back looks like they didn't hit down
that hard but then you do it you're like
wow that like was gonna hurt I'm gonna
try it
gosh all right everyone go over here
we're having everybody in the warehouse
try to start this board
let's see Ryan chambers do it because
he's never stopped the skateboard his
life that'd be amazing Brian come's
hopping skateboard I don't care how you
do it why would you do a left foot it
cuz I'm weird
that's a toughy as hard as you can
oh good stomp he was going for it there
ride jammers try to sell the deck how
you can see about like fading whoa all
right
that's a solid piece of wood it's pretty
made it like dude is it Boeing the last
one was right stop
Bowie so I promise you we were not
faking at all we were trying to hit it
as hard as we could and it kind of just
punches your foot back up like it looks
like we're not trying because the board
is so strong so that demonstrates the
durability of the skateboard is a strong
deck but yeah it's a pretty standard
shape to skateboard we didn't want to be
too extreme with anything when picking
the shape because you know we kind of
wanted something that like if someone
got this board they'd be okay with it
you know like I've always skated very
traditional concave and size of decks
steepest of tail so you're gonna find a
medium concave you know the nose is of
course steeper than the tail just like
any other skateboard it's got a nice
angle on both of them and you know if
you pick this up it's not going to be
strange to you it's like a
one-size-fits-all skateboard if that
makes sense to you when it comes to
shape but of course we have all
different sizes we have seven point five
seven point seven five eight eight point
one two five eight point two five and
eight point five the decks are made out
of 100 hardrock North American maple you
have to dip supplies for extra
durability but it's solid deck seven ply
is your standard skateboard built like a
freakin rock not to use someone else's
tagline but yeah it's a very good board
we believe in it and if you
you know if you really want to know all
about it try one out and see for
yourself but we're gonna leave you with
a few skate tricks and I mean just a few
I literally three okay and whatever
happens whatever three those maybe is
what happens that's it
thanks for watching guys I do the videos
hit the subscribe button if you want to
see more here are the tricks
second track
ah gonna hurt gonna hurt should hurt
hurt Oh
you
