it's 7:20 2 a.m. and the Sun is not even
up
I'm back at the house yeah if you did
not notice I am doing a vlog so today
which I still perfect of a like that
word but that's the word we use on the
Internet oh yeah I started my day by
getting my wife some flowers because
it's good to turn my people you care
about and I usually get ones that could
put my own vase but this was super good
looking look at it and now I have a
flower pot so that's awesome I'm gonna
get my day started I'm gonna go and wait
my little guy up and get him ready for
school and then I'm gonna feed him and
I'm gonna eat and be good because food
is awesome Oh toast oh we've got a
banana and some cereals here have banana
have a cereal good morning I love you
hot sauce hot sauce hot sauce would you
like a hot sauce on your video and yeah
would you like some hot sauce oh my gosh
she probably would Mama's gonna take you
to school okay she'll be out in a second
today when we you get home we're gonna
do super playtime okay okay it's gonna
be awesome me where'd you get that what
did we see when we saw that wow the last
Jedi poor guy
the last poor guy you're a goof all
right hey hey but come on you have a
good day at school pay attention all
right learn don't make duck faces and
I'll see you at the bus stop okay okay I
love you can is getting my backpack
what are you doing bangle what are you
doing bangle he's much more social
lately we
good morning strike orders would it be
done if I'd if I just shouted that every
morning
hey you escaped the rail with me today
cool dude I'll meet you there
Jaimee's hey what's up holding that John
Hill yeah I'm walking the office oh
that's a great thing to be doing right
now five bucks did you get this high
five no you're not even getting it Casey
this is five dollars worth of Hi five
minutes that's right good morning and I
do want to take a second just say thank
you guys for all the love and support
during this holiday season that this guy
can vouch for because he's been making
he's been one of the guys very very much
yeah you keeping people alive keeping me
employed supplying oxygen to his face
also this guy gives you a random
giveaways you say oh this is today's
random giveaway it's a picture of Max
and Jacob you never know what you're
gonna give away like a full set of
trucks wheels and bearings yesterday
yeah if you're new to my videos this is
the Shred course com we have an online
skate shop where we sell our brands and
in like one order everyday just get
something random from Alex let's go
start the workday that's my signature
door opening move do it again right here
that was terrible oh they're all sleepy
it's like a pot of a dog it's never
really too late but he just got here
means why is he curled up in a ball all
right so it's work time I have annoying
a little list here that I'm going to get
through as fast as possible
then I actually get to do some fun stuff
and the skateboard watch I'll show you
guys but I don't know what you're about
to see okay it might be really boring it
might be really exciting until the
skateboarding who knows okay I'm gonna
start by shooting with a nerf blaster I
blinked
that is a terrific email right there
that's good we do need to email tech
deck I don't know you can oh is get him
a puppy for Christmas
Ryan chambers about to walk into my
office I'm not gonna shoot him but I'm
gonna scare scare you ahh I shot at the
ceiling that wasn't actually gonna hit
you you struck me with the ping-pong but
I did strike you back with a ping-pong
ball I can you run to Kroger we need a
gift Christmas present bag I'm halfway
done with my desk work day that's how I
want to celebrate I'm paying some of my
team writers so they all get paid but
I'm sending out some of their checks
last thing of work before I can
skateboard Brian wait a meeting do you
remember this no I don't remember
I checked your text messages said
Wednesday oh yeah we do so you guys
don't get to hear all the business
details but I will announce that
cruisers are coming back this spring
it's true a lot of people have been
asking for them we cruise your
skateboards they're returning teeth are
you happy about that so let's talk
strategy 2018 is a new year all right we
should make a checklist get a list oh my
gosh I'm done that might have seemed
like a short amount of time for you but
it wasn't it's been like four hours and
I'm finally about to skateboard inside
the straight quarters you know
skateboard tamiya are you go skateboard
yeah good
this Christmas present this is amazing I
want this oh my gosh oh my gosh okay
he's gonna bring he's going in there my
Brian Ames goodbye goodbye Earl Ames all
right so I was gonna skate for 40
minutes but then I battled that fakie
bigspin no slide and they landed my
nollie lip and front board in the long
rail to regular for the first time it
was a good session I now have no time to
Christmas shop before I go home and get
my little dude off the bus which is
that's what I was gonna do so I get to
fit that in some point going home right
now it's just another warehouse home day
house go dude good it wasn't great it
was medium okay hey so yeah he's home
we're gonna do some playing but he
wanted to take scampi's candy first dad
there's rocks mixing with candy
yeah I'm sorry that's a terrible
combination I say Laffy Taffy dude dude
punch straw I'm adding a cattail cow
tails are good I can do that let go time
you wanna do a Lego battle what you want
your Lego battle feeling when you do
some building oh we got a TIE fighter a
second what's a y-wing you want you yeah
right it's not going to ruin everything
you won if anything good job you won
that space battle dude I don't know this
is happening wait oh I've tried and it's
really hard to piece back a Lego when
you're not building it from the
beginning I'll try I still try to build
it back let's just let's just keep
having fun right now okay do you have a
lot of broken ships in here we need to
do some donating especially with
Christmas coming on buddy why aren't we
doing something I'm trying to make like
a booby trap so when the
down in the boat that they would get
strings off niggas they get flinged off
yeah okay
whoa carnage look these drive I'm making
a spaceship and he's he's flying it my
ship is coming along with this right
yeah laser there we go I need one more
of these
alright here's mine we got laser cannons
on the top we got missiles on the sides
we've got a crazy engine we got a big
claw cannon look at that right imagine
what they could do did you finish your
tree trap look at this guy hey man I'm a
ninja and I'm just sunbathing and
nothing's gonna bad it's gonna have is
he knocked out I'm like broke from
skateboarding
how about you do some carpet for me you
got it we need quick method all right I
got you Oh shove it acid drop all right
let's see it Oh first rush of it
good job dude can I take a little
picture
I don't like your vomit approve I also
don't think that that's possible we can
try there's more like sledding don't go
to the top do the dirt there is that
gonna work we go oh oh good I'm good on
numbers lean try that again
oh geez you like fell into city
got it Blaine lean you kind of like the
180 didn't you you just grabbed it did
not ask we could have that but you can
because you did one awesome like drop in
on the chair but there you guys go it's
very basic work and home of laga sewed
but I think the last Monday it was in LA
so it's maybe it's been a second I don't
know it was a fun day the holidays I
don't have a lot of time to go out and
do other things I hope you guys enjoyed
the day that I had nuts I'm ending it
now so it's like a half day in the life
thanks for watching we did have fun if
you guys want to see more videos from me
I do videos all the time and this guy is
in some of them at least one a week but
tomorrow I have a really fun skate video
at the warehouse so tune in hit the
subscribe button if you want to see more
from me and you'll be stiler to see more
videos if you hit the bell button that
would help out too because it'll notify
you when I upload a video we're gonna do
some dinner and we're gonna go Christmas
shopping because I didn't get to earlier
and then I'm gonna clean the house for
mom I love you you guys have a great day
see you tomorrow peace blah blah blah
blah peace blah blah blah blah
hey Otto R you talk to us water say
something she is saying hello to YouTube
she said sniff well you what do you
human did what cats do when they saw
something like you look like an alien
