all right I can't imagine I can I can
absolutely imagine being in Christians
position okay i was about to lie to you
but I'm not gonna lie to you because I
can imagine it and it sucks that was one
of the most terrifying almost falls ever
I mean he fell but like I've been so
much worse I mean he came really close
to sacking on a wire okay he didn't even
do that and it was scary enough that i'm
featuring it on my channel i'm reviewing
it right here right now hey christian
just stared down the barrel of a
metaphorical skateboard gun reorder
those words and put them together and
you'll probably know what i'm trying to
say and christian got really lucky on
this what did it happened i was filming
help me and he's trying like a lip bash
and bounce off it back into the bank
okay and he kept going all right he kept
going so not only is he lucky they
didn't sack but he's also fearless he's
kind of like a night Chris if you're
watching this right now please go buy a
lottery ticket today and then posted on
Instagram and we'll see if you are a
lucky guy I'm kind of lucky too because
he could have kicked me his feet just
came just shouting at my camera by
shouting I meant kicking like imagine if
he did get sacked and kicked me all the
same time that might have been the worst
moment of my skateboarding time like I
watch my friend gets sacked and kicking
me at the same time frankly that being
one of the most impressive things done
now that I think about it like yeah I
got sacked and kicked my friend at the
same time I did that that's how I that's
how I greet people I would tell them I
was that guy if I was Chris if I was me
I wouldn't brag that I got kicked while
my friend got sacked little weird that'd
be a little tad weird rule of thumb to
skateboarders out there now everybody
out there you don't have to skateboard
okay wires and chains will destroy you
all right member that lady walking her
dog to try to jump over the chain
ya see okay even the dog didn't make it
over that chain right even if a dog is
messing up on something you're bound to
mess it up on your skateboard okay same
with wires they're going to snap and
you're gonna sack or you're gonna slip
and go to catch your feet it's not like
when you fall on a wire or chain you
just like smash your shin and fall to
the ground okay it literally removes
your feet from the equation and then
leaving your face to meet concrete or
whatever you're falling onto okay you
can fall in some bad things no but this
was a really cool-looking close call and
it was kind of terrifying and to be
Chris at that moment would suck so I was
like now feature this I also didn't get
a chance to do a video with Chris when I
was in Hawaii with him last week we were
very busy every session we had there was
a bunch of things going on so I wanted
to do this to kind of show you this fall
show some skeet oopsies reset landed and
then tell you to go check out channel
because Chris is an awesome dude he's a
lucky fearless night awesome dude I was
what Christian is I'm really tight to
call my friend and i will show you guys
some skate clips he did land this but
it's gonna be in we want revenge 56 so
uh stay tuned for that that'll be in a
few weeks from now but he did recently
just drop a bunch of street footage for
force wheels over on his channel so i'm
going to show you a couple of bangers
from that and if you like what you see
you need to go check out his channel and
watch the force video it'll be at the
end of this video and write down there
in the info Chris do tricks
so there was Christian is very very
talented he's one of the best out there
he's definitely one of the best here on
YouTube every time I skate with him he
just blows my mind even more he's really
really good dude and a really talented
skateboarder make sure you check his
channel out like i said it's at the end
of this video and down the info this is
paul friday i do these every other week
I hope you dug its I'll be back in two
weeks to another fall Friday and then I
do daily videos so hit the subscribe
button if you're already not and that is
it we're done here okay I'm gonna go I'm
gonna cut to a slow-mo montage of Casey
sweeping the warehouse cuz that's what
he's doing right now
yeah you were doing a cleaning at it
right there did say better slow mo it
clearly was slow mode what do think we
do around here
Brian hey could you do me a favor and
say boxers AKA bud blankets yeah that's
just exactly what i needed all right
goodbye
