warehouse Wednesday this is hard to roll
puddle now oh it's wet
stop good to see you man alright so we
set up this ridiculously long grind to
manual thing in there it's 30 feet to
grind in manual and if you are able to
do this thing within five tries you get
30 bucks you don't do in five tribesmen
you do in five minutes you get twenty
bucks
so in more normal talk if you land it
within five minutes you get twenty
dollars if you land within the first
five tries you get $30 dollars you get
penc try you do get booty dog yes
emulate attempts try you get $40 okay
and then what do I do to get a
harley-davidson cooler you already got
that that's why we're giving you a
better money this time you get better
situation this time buddy helmet no okay
right well let's get warehouse one set
up no warming up all right dude that was
really smooth is that cool instantly
yeah I wish I had that much excitement
you're ready to unveil the rail the
rails rails the longest rails
look at it looks long it's huge it's
math yes
so rail Prancer there's no way you're
doing this than five tries oh he's going
short as where else were they ever and I
do it in time
that took like under a minute from the
test from walking in you just walk
didn't did it yeah can you do it again
so I get a cool ah oh I forgot to record
it I'm not kidding I forgot to hit the
button cool I'm skinny
we didn't even get a chance to explain
that you should manual right here I do I
know you knew all right well that was
easy
yeah we got them up the end to pay the
dude we even get money I don't even have
30 go find money you're paying yes here
you go sir
30 bucks you're amazing you should buy a
cooler with that like a Harley Davidson
one mm-hmm
I can I can hook you up with that you
know a guy I know a guy
get well backed Casey stole it when we
gave it to him so it's actually in the
unrightfully we feel like we need to
espionage where else once it's in his
apartment I saw it yeah well three days
ago
we need to retrieve it
