we got some shoes catch them not thrown
back at me all right okay test time I
have the swift's I'm really excited to
keep these shoes the first time I saw
him online I was on Instagram and I was
I saw Kelly Hart's feed nestled on
Browns feet I saw a skate burning speed
and that's why everybody else's feet and
they all had these shoes I was like hey
it's gonna be a while since I can skate
these because I have so many other shoes
this game but finally I'm skating up so
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna look at
him talk about him put him on my feet
and see what tricks I can land on my
first session they look gorgeous so I'm
hoping huh I'm hoping that you alright
with them if I designed to skate you I
feel like it would look like this it's
lightweight it's really well built it
feels stable it's a it's a cup sole so
you know it's gonna be kind of um fear
have some shape and hold it so uh yeah
and everything like it has this weird
which I guess is the only thing that I
might be weird about is this this new
type of stuff instead of stitching it
has this rubbery stuff on the toe for
gripping your flips and whatnot it's
amazing it's just it's just it like I
said if I sat down and drew a shoe like
if I was a professional skateboarder and
drew a shoe I feel like this is it this
is make this so yeah I'll uh put these
on all black white with the gum sol-type
is that gum right just is that was yep
yeah I don't know if gum referred to the
material or color is it the color I
don't know I have no problem looking
stupid on the internet if I don't know
something I'll tell you I don't know so
it looked all stylish they make these in
like a dark red too which will I'll
skate next but I want to start with
black
people meet Hagen if there's a couple
over that escape art like wow those guys
are weird
put these on feet let's go it is on my
right foot Casey I laced it a little
tight but it'll be all right it'll
loosen up one thing it isn't like a
little like I always thought they were a
little taller but it's a lower profile
shoe but it's not like too low because
if it's too low I'd be like oh nah dude
but I like it I mean it's different you
know I thought it was a little taller so
it's worth mentioning but it still feels
really comfortable one thing that I've
learned is that every su is the most
comfortable shoe you'll ever put your
foot in you agree I agree just dude
there's it's amazing like when I put on
new shoes I asked is literally like
putting on new socks you know how good
that is
it's like it's like that with s shoes
they're mazing so comfortable give me to
your girlfriend when she's watching
Netflix on the couch she'll be psyched
give her Snuggie s shoes popcorn
she's done where'd my skateboard first
roll let's do it I just hit myself in
the head the feeling of the soul it's a
comfy soul and I feel like I could jump
down stuff I don't I said that every
time it it's better than
I like this I could build it I'm all
they have shoes I've skated it feels
like it probably has the best sole
thickness was which I like let's do some
tricks whoa whoa perhaps imagine that
I'm very sore I felt like I was skating
on clouds right there that first try
though
there's no getting out of that one
so I ran out of time but I got to skate
these good enough and I like them goes
to go surprise I I can't talk
go figure I know I always am super
positive about issues but there's a
reason you know that I rep them and Kipp
will continue reppin because I really
love him it held up really well you can
see some scuff marks but no ripping or
tearing at all the shoe is very solid
it's lightweight and yeah I was right
about the soul like it is comfy I didn't
feel for one moment that I wasn't gonna
heal bruised or it wasn't uncomfortable
handy ground it was it was really good
so I like them I'm gonna continue to
skate them two thumbs up from the get-go
and not to mention they just simply look
good I mean like an all black shoe you
know with a little bit of white this is
perfect it's what you want in a
skateboard shoe this is good for like
any type of skateboarding I would think
all the skating I've ever done this
would work out really well for it so uh
go to your local skate shop if they
don't carry ass and ask him to this is
probably my favorite you want to touch
it because that what you're doing this
is probably my favorite asks you that
I've skated
and I there are some really good a shoes
out there so that says something okay
look at what your shoes yeah pick it up
look at it yeah blue deed like cake
flipping this speech these were handing
me get that out of here oh hey this guy
filmed it so his channel may be on the
info high five wait you guys would
