Sam Tabor that's time where people find
out things about you okay all right yeah
sounds good
all right look video done okay no I'm
kidding
but we are gonna get to know Sam Taber a
little bit here you always seen the
videos but uh and I'm think I've done a
Q&A with you but we're gonna do top five
it's a series that I've always kind of
planned on doing funny enough the only
what I've done was with Ryan Sheckler
but I'm gonna do with Sam Taber today
I'm gonna give you some topics and you
can tell me your top 5 favorites okay
are you okay with that top 5 bands
crap saying anything I like him a lot
right now coheed and cambria yeah I like
them tomorrow not so much
yeah probably not tomorrow I can't even
think of I like under oath alot and
they're they're doing a reunion tour
soon so that's cool I like the statute
I like news a lot about it oh I like
missed a few and yeah music really good
Death Cab for Cutie I've always liked
them a whole lot all right listen doing
that much anymore but yeah top five TV
shows Parks and Rec Breaking Bad Bob's
Burgers I like Bob's Burgers a lot I
haven't seen every South Park episode
but when I watch South Park I really
like it so I'll say South Park I like
ridiculousness just because of the
videos they show it's good like I laugh
at Brunei do they find good videos yeah
I'm on it I know I'm actually on
ridiculousness
top five favorite animals mm-hmm monkey
seals they're awesome I should say bird
baby tigers I caught it with baby tigers
I was like the greatest experience of
life
I don't know stinging like dogs dogs are
awesome I feel like just yeah cats like
on the internet though yeah dogs and
cats are awesome the European pasture
quota I like all cute animals movies
this is why I really like castaway Raja
good movie I love Castro yeah
the Dark Knight yeah good baby it's like
one of the best movies ever I want to
just say Marvel movies oh yeah no I
agree
I love all Marvel Cinematic Universe one
yeah that does totally agree the money
pit I don't know if you guys have ever
seen that I have not
it's a Tom Hanks is in it yeah and it's
like it's really funny Tom Hanks is the
man in that movie all right if I think
she's always the man the room if you
guys have not seen the room I've seen
like 12 times just look at the room it's
on top five skateboarding tricks kick
club no comply flip I do does a lot I
love nose manuals I think a good-looking
varial heelflip is the is like the best
looking thing in the world and then I'm
not great at 360 flips I can do them but
when people can do a really good 360
foot Chris do a 360 flip that's a great
looking chin good job Chris top five
friends it's like the meanest one yeah
you got your nominees always saying like
all the you know six seven eight they're
still cool there's a six seven eight I
don't know so that's a good way to put
it
I'll tell you the people that hang out
with the most okay which is you a lot
Casey
Jason portables whatever I mean Jason
having to have fun times he lives really
close me Casey and Jason Corbin my buddy
Corbin Nicole oh I can't skateboard
Corbeau Eric Eric Enzo he's the man
everybody else you suck was that like
all right sit back down come on
lightnings f-85 foods favourite top five
foods crab legs all day good job all the
time I like chicken of all forms sushi
is really good I love sushi
any seafood I like ice cream
hi seven five no that's poor I think
we're okay yeah cereal cereal good
cereal is amazing it's a cereal every
any time of the day see Chris is good
top five YouTube channels olan Rogers oh
good one I like going around there's a
lot he's the man
I like Thrasher because you know
skateboarding like they just post a ton
escape stuff so that's awesome probably
your channel I mean like we're all on it
you know it's a fun channel I like it so
that's three doing cool things pretty
much I only watch on YouTube yeah so I
really like Metro Metro Metro Metro is
good
Bryan Ames this channel that is five
look at Bryan Ames his YouTube channel
has two videos on it six seconds yeah
oh no he's got a new one you're on it
aren't you yeah you did a new one
alright we're about to die guys that is
top fives with Sam Tabor have you dug
this go check my link to his YouTube
channel is right down in the info so
that is it thanks for doing this with me
buddy
thank you that's it and then there's a
Christian YouTube hey buddy
oh you know the after clip is is that if
you're watching this the day it puts up
we're actually having a sale on the dude
series Dex which is like the dude I
won't see you dude let me give me one
more try and then dude I'll just take a
letter so uh those extra right down the
straight quarters they're on sale I
think you save like six bucks or
something or like eight bucks I think
they're like $29 each right now so there
you go from fYI it's all weekend so for
the next three days those are on sale
but it's raining and we're out to get
struck by lightning so what's it there's
me breaking any boards stop it I'm that
- stop it stop it
