we're health Wednesday judge Katz so you
have a claim for a trick that you've
been working out you think you can do
yes
what does it call switch nose mail
switch nollie flip so Figgy flip yes
okay well we're gonna give you ten moves
to do it and if you do it in ten minutes
you get ten dollars somewhere you just
touch your wiener oh ten bucks and
thanks you know all that bearings are
broker in essence you need these if he
doesn't do in ten minutes was a good I
don't know no okay if he doesn't do it
in ten minutes he has to switch over to
a kickflip within five tries if he does
not land the kickflip within five tries
we chopped his finger off why does your
voice sound so weird right now
I don't know but the reason I'm not uh
you nailed it I need to correct you
Brian hamster does my voice sound weird
it does it and so I can't hear myself
all right you guys ready yes so just to
reiterate okay see Josh has ten minutes
till it in a new trick that he's never
done and if he does it he gets $10 and
bearings oh my god hey I'm here too
let's do this behind-the-scenes clips I
actually have this trick every try first
try every try but you know try every
time I wouldn't be the second trying
second oh gosh you get the warm-up
three three tricks make him do a switch
kickflip to warm up okay I switch people
normal that's all you get to do what you
need I know I didn't want to lay on that
anyway you're warmed up ten minutes
you got your alarm clock out get your
alarm clock out my alarm clock me that
weirdest warehouse I can't hear my deaf
ear is over here and my good ears are
here covered by tape alright
you have ten minutes switch nose manual
piggy flip starting right now
I don't have a chin it's going down got
six minutes and 50 seconds on a close
rate rating Howell rating do you think
is close to rating Oh Oh your legs look
fit a stapler roughly halfway down give
me that yeah how much it's gonna hurt to
take this off oh you have any pictures
of me on the internet wearing this is
gonna happen it's gonna be a lot three
minutes and 40 39 seconds two minutes
destruction barring the man do those so
barring the man I will series synopsis
bearings amazing dude awesome engineers
$10 your money because your keep next
week you'll get to see Josh mess with
ninja because ninjas where else
Wednesdays up so this is a complete
reflection of the last trick challenges
right with the news now in the high club
yeah so basically I've just inverted
this an alternate reality you are a
mirror
all right this is a moment that I was
not looking forward to cover read his
faces do this this this came this
started as a joke and I put it on I was
like well I gotta use it because it
looks so stupid
I don't know where to start dude don't
you dare I like deflected it perfect and
this guy's face is about to be on the
screen click it in video once here's
like a thousand YouTube videos either
way let's go to this channel subscribe
or nap
