another rainy day this has been the
winter that I can't catch a break so
today I'm skating inside and I'm gonna
try to three flip 500 skateboards I draw
the kickflip before and I've been
thinking about this 3-foot for so long
that it's like I'm like scared to try it
because I've made it to be a bigger
enemy than it needs to be but I hang out
with me and hopefully I succeed today my
gosh okay so breakfast and then the
warehouse to start wrapping my head
around this door locked door locked I
have the crazy if I don't look at the
door and tell myself that it's locked I
will just think and think and think
myself to death I've like driven back to
my house to make sure my house is locked
it's always locked every single time
it's locked there's on board and blocked
on the project it was 60 degrees in
sunny yesterday and now there's ice on
trees could I do a grande cold brew
roasted red pepper egg whites
all right so this is online skate shop
the straight course comm I'm going to
fill out some orders from you guys and
then I'm gonna do some work and then I'm
gonna skateboard I gotta be an adult
before I can have the fun that is my job
Sean from Lebanon Missouri what's up
dude
Becky from Virginia Beach might have won
a free jet ski today I mean not from us
but someone might give her a free jet
ski I don't know Nathaniel forgot to get
his Lycoris so he ordered twice double
thank you Nathaniel epic name -
Nathaniel Kendall and her boyfriend has
been watching my videos before a long
time on YouTube and I just want to say
thank you very much and she surprised
him with this shirt I hope he got this
before watch this video break free from
the chains that are causing you pain
what do you think you know that is
dunder-mifflin people pepper vapor
people gosh you should know that
chambers it's alright he knows a lot of
other stuff he's also a really good dude
I work with the best people in the world
I'm gonna three flip 500 skateboards
today do you think I can do it what does
one blink mean yes what do you think I
think it's gonna battle but I think you
guys feel are fully capable of doing it
I know I'm gonna go do work okay if you
need anything at all okay especially if
you need to annoy me likee like you'd
often do about love you I'll be right in
my office okay usually comes in is like
I'm gonna look through andis trash right
now okay I'm about done to my work I'm
about to go try this but I wanted to
actually look at the footage of my
kickflip
it doesn't it doesn't look like it was
that hard but I remember of being bigger
than I thought it was going to be so uh
hopefully this end turns out well let's
go skateboard oh my gosh they got the
board's of here already
what's up dude Jayce one stack two
stacks so unfortunately we need to move
this quarter pipe is easier than you
think
I'm gonna get forming up okay and I have
a genius way that have been starting my
skate sessions lately that sounds it
okay that sounds bad just really smart
guy I call myself a cheese all right no
I realized something that has changed my
skateboard is someone to tell you guys
is that I do tricks over a skateboard to
warm up and popping is like I'm not lazy
anymore starting my whole life you know
you start skating I'm like I don't want
to jump up this to this box or something
if you warm up this way you're good to
go
interesting
the second phase of my warmup I'm gonna
do some some ramp tricks then we're
going to set this up and it's gonna go
down for real
I'm nervous dude here's the tip in
skateboarding the more you think about
it the worse it's gonna get
so don't think just do just do it's like
this someone came up with like a slogan
at one time then that was kinda like
that and it worked I don't know
what was that it's good thing I'm not
trying to do a kickflip today because
they're not that great gosh you weren't
kidding
a lot of you that's scary
you're gonna pop that you didn't feel
like a pop you very fully let's just set
it up I mean the ollie is not hard at
all it's getting getting up there 500
skateboards so they're ten each one two
three four five six seven eight four
seven twenty eight twenty nine thirty
there 1 2 2 2 3 4 7 48 49 50 times 10
that's 500 so you saw me count I knew I
mean you guys counted him out well not
not him he was there okay that guy thank
you so much for helping with this I can
do math yeah you can 10 10 times 10 yeah
is 500 126 all right so will you film
the Holly bra oh yeah first shot Holly I
will give you a skittle let's say if I
don't land it I'll give you 5 bucks
oh that sucks
rolled the roll-up is weird yeah yeah
I'll get I'll tell you it's very hard to
get that fasting curve at the same time
we're gonna do a quality check on all
these boards I promise so we got some
NYX boards they go to the team writers
that was it
this is crazy dude
it doesn't look big like I look at them
like right high three football time but
I'm trying it I'm like this is just
tough to clear it or at least with
control you know
I heard everything I bang it on my shin
I got a concrete birth through my pants
I think
I know I touched the wall who touched
you braids into that wall I don't care
about the wall good oh my gosh you
cleared it to look at it I drop in going
this fasik in that way and I have to do
it going to this one I generally thought
I'd touch the ground like well thank you
a speeding thank you Jason
thank you Brian Eames Chase has a last
name but we'll leave it mysterious
everyone down the comments I know what
it is Hey all right so we just did
quality control and only three decks got
hit real bad that we can't sell them so
uh those of course get used will go boom
two team riders or friends or whatnot
but uh oh my gosh
I'm so happy I did that I thought I was
you have to come back for it Alex Ryan
you guys the best thank you thank you
let me go film a couple - Jase I haven't
filmed him skate in my videos in like
years - I'm an idiot
yeah that's like it looks worse in real
life hey yeah Smith on the rail
it's fun dude I closed my eyes I was
like afraid to look you're okay though
that's terrifying one more trick you can
do it on anything though what do you
wanna do I would give you the rock but
you can land it so
that was beautiful and weird all the
same time
that is what I'm gonna hang on my fridge
tonight my mom's great I'm gonna go to
my mom's house and put on her all right
I gotta go
good skateboarding dude it's good thanks
for filming yeah I am so happy I landed
that my gosh that's it guys thank you
for hanging out with me today
I just wanted to fill in like a escape
video it's been a second since I've had
to skate video of me and I was so happy
that I conquered that trick cuz Braun
was trying I start to get tired
I just wish dicks out because it started
to feel really strange like some of
those wrong the bushings and fortunately
I had another complete set up in my
office so I was able to keep going but
um if you need one of those skateboards
I three flipped online shop the Shred
course calm everything you need to has
to get set up skateboarding is there if
you have a local shop support them but a
lot of people don't have local shops
though the Strikeforce comm thank you
guys for watching ID your videos here
all the time
so hit the subscribe button to see more
from me um I got lots of videos on the
way so I'll see you soon
that's it I'm gonna go take my kid to
tumbling class where he's learning to be
a ninja I will see you guys later I'm
gonna unplug this because if I left this
here my day would suck now I just have
to drive back that would suck
Oh Jeff Stevens says why's Jason's uncle
in jail and I'm outside of that joke I
did not it's an inside joke and I'm not
there but Jeff Stevens rules Matthew
Hudson says what why do you remind me of
Jeremy from a day to remember that's
because I remind everybody of Jeremy
from a day to remember I get that
comment probably 10 times a day for
years now for like 10 years I've been
told that 10 times a day
you
