I'm glad I didn't know what was
happening okay I can't do it on that
that's not grippy what I mean I mean
really what just happened in that clip
William is just walking and he jumps at
a pole and falls down any person does
not know who William was what just
assumed he did it on purpose but no it
falls on their skateboard oh but he was
even on a skateboard
there was a skateboard nearby so this is
barely even a skateboard fall but no one
falls in their skateboard on purpose in
fact one time I was getting kicked out
of a spot my friend and the guy kicking
us out accused my friend of falling on
purpose I was like no one does that
except I do have a series on which I
fall on purpose I'm I stay over that
that is beside the point but if someone
was just walking by and they saw William
just jump on a pole and fall down they
would have no thought than that had
anything to do with skateboarding
they're probably just think he sucks at
walking or has mental problems like oh
there's that guy he just jumped in a
pool and fell down I feel like that's
the equivalent me just like falling in
my chair right now I mean that's pretty
much the equivalent of wooden running
and jumping into a pool and falling down
but I didn't skateboard I saw that I'll
be like that guy just sucks is existing
in general who can't walk near a pole
and not jump at and fall down
that guy can't but even when people
understand this this has something to do
with a skateboarding trick this is kind
of the moment where they don't
understand scaper at all like wait what
where's the goal don't you guys jump in
the halfpipe and stuff like no we jump
and swing around poles sometimes come
just good people get creative that
strangely sounds like pole dancing also
the point and frankly this is too good
of an opportunity not to do what I do in
every fall Friday and that is just shoot
William off of that pull or punch him I
don't know there's gonna be some sort of
animation and William Spencer is going
down again because he already fell off
the pole a few times in this episode but
joking aside William Spencer you have to
know who he is already and if you've
been watching my channel you've seen a
bunch of him here he is a genius he is
an artist he's a great human being and
he does very very weird skateboarding
tricks they do have not seen before
which i think is awesome I've actually
seen some people online complaining
about it alike what we want to see like
a crooked grind but how many Kruger
grinds have you seen how many kickflip
programs have you seen like I love that
type of skating too but to watch
Williams skate and create just stuff
that you've never even thought of that
is amazing to me and when he does this
type of stuff he has I cannot only
imagine how many ridiculous moments
where he's looked that goofy falling his
skateboard was four feet away from it he
still ended up taking a body slam on the
ground that is dedication
I don't think I've ever fallen on my
skateboard well not on my skateboard
does that make sense no you know what I
mean but for instance hey I did another
goofy trick with him which I'll show you
a bunch of his rad content where he's
not falling on to the ground but I did
another video with him recently where he
just like rolled if he landed in a trig
did something goofy and end up like body
slamming into wall sideways I don't even
know how he did this one is a little
more understandable cause he was on the
skateboard just watch
but my point is is that he's probably
had so many weird Falls and just things
that he liked probably didn't understand
himself like how am i falling like this
but that's what it takes to be him like
I'm not him no one is when Spencer he is
one of a kind he was literally the stunt
double for spider-man in the amazingness
spider-man movies I can say that I was
spider-man I'm like I don't care if the
rest of my life I failed
I was spider-man oh it's crazy he's my
friend too I told him that I was like
dude you know like I like freaking up
moments where I'm like hanging out with
you know I'm like oh yeah I like
insanely I'm jealous and look up to this
dude of what he's accomplished I'll stop
going really thick and praising him that
much but he's one of my favorite
skateboarders and I have a good chunk of
really rad footage of him I'll show I
might make sense of stuff that's been on
my channel but he sent me this clip over
like a montage and I don't know if I
have the right to the song that he gave
me so I might have to put in some
general music but either way enjoy this
he is he's a genial artist a jart he is
a chart with a G not the stapler company
there you guys go I hope you enjoyed
that that is William Spencer in a
nutshell he is so fun to watch skate
he's fun to hang out with he's just a
genuine human being
I love the dude and if you like what
you've seen here I'll put his Instagram
right down the info and you can follow
it and watch out for more content I'm
probably skating with him in like a
month or so actually I think he might be
coming here you'll definitely be seeing
more footage of Oya but it just
pentesters Instagram he's always putting
all of the wild things he gets into on
there but this is fall Friday it's been
a while since I've done one of these
like I kept getting requests for it so
honestly all my videos I put up on
Friday recently I've just been like
bombing I don't know maybe that's just a
day no one goes to u2 anymore if you
like this give this video a thumbs up or
do whatever and I'll do more of them I
do have us some Falls that I have not
released that it would be fun to review
and make fun of and joke about in a
positive manner because I like to keep
things positive here in my channel
because I mean phobias you don't think
everybody's pretty stupid but the worst
stupid is stupid or negative I don't
know I don't know where I'm going with
this either way I'll be back with more
videos tomorrow I have a little vlog
asone where I get mr. skateboarding and
some family stuff it's really fun tune
in this subscribe button right below the
video if you want to see more from me
like I said I do videos all the time so
you get more content but this is for
Friday and I'm going to do a hot seat
just like I've always done so uh
probably Bryan Adams let's go find
bridey's really girls here's you you you
think I'm not bringing the talk yeah
you're bringing your dog who's answer
the question you are I'm okay how are
you doing okay so what's the first thing
you would say after your first kiss with
the girl you love
do you know need a pack of socks any day
you can work like you'd color dude you
would word it like that
I won't worn it just like that
No okay so but if you but but with all
of that
why'd you smack me oh my gosh
