I think this is pretty self-explanatory
but I have to say it anyway don't try
this at home or anywhere for that matter
it's not safe and I actually burnt
myself a little bit so please don't try
it
you
yeah
Oh
well there you go you didn't expect to
see that we needed got up this morning
but that yeah that was Garrett jitter
and like he said I'm gonna say it too
don't try that at home
okay don't say yourself a fire and ollie
off your house she just don't set
yourself on fire at all that's a good
rule of thumb to live by
but yeah Garrett some really
down-to-earth dude who just so happens
to be very very very good at
skateboarding it blew my mind that he
did some of those tricks perfectly off
of his house into his pool and he
actually did more than that so if you
want to see the full edit make sure you
go check out his channel the screen is
gonna change here in a second and then
his will be the bottom link and you will
want to go do it he has a lot of awesome
content I'll be the top link I do daily
videos like this here on my channel
about to go into the friggin darkness
okay but mainly Oh check out gears
seriously you know what you would like
it and don't set yourself on fire can we
go ahead and block boom I'm a flashy
thing so you're gonna remember this
unfortunately now unfortunately it's
worth remembering
you
