YouTube what is up guys so I am going
I'm so I'm that is not something you
should point at anybody let's put that
right there I'm doing a video on how to
assemble your skateboard I own revived
skateboards and force wheels we sell
them on the despread course calm and we
now have all the components to make a
complete skateboard however we don't
have the manpower to physically put
together a bunch of complete skateboards
during the day so I'm making this video
and I figured in general this can help
out some people so here we go I'm gonna
do it
this is my son ride and needs to help me
say hi right first things first I'm
gonna explain all the pieces you need to
put together a complete skateboard we
have your grip tape which goes on top of
your skateboard deck alright this is our
live skateboard this is the low life
deck um from the 8 bit series and this
is an grip hashtag grip tape we have
wheels this is force wheels shattered
series we have Orion trucks we have
synopsis bearings we have revive light
bolts hardware and then to assemble it
together I have a revive ya and stickers
we got stickers too and to put it all
together I have a revived silver collab
skate tool and then also to put the grip
tape ball and I have a razor blade and a
screwdriver to well I'll explain that in
just a second because that's the first
step of all this is the grip tape but
those are all the things you're gonna
need to put it together if you don't
have a skate tool you can use a
screwdriver and like an adjustable
wrench that would work just fine so to
put the group type together I'm going to
pull my work area away from the carpeted
area and couch of my office because grip
tape kind gets everywhere and I don't
want it to get all over my new couch and
garbage let's get the plastic wrap off
the skateboard you would be so good at
birthday present do you want some hey do
you want some birthday presents well you
got away do your thing alright
skateboard is ready to be gripped we're
gonna take the grip tape and this is a
little different because I have AM grip
grip tape which lets you kind of put
things under it and stylize it I don't
have time to do like a printed out a lot
of times I'll put a cool stuff under it
I'm just gonna put a sticker under today
so it'll look cool but it'll be easy for
me so I popped out my
griptape pieces which leaves its saying
hashtag am grip which is the company the
grip tech company I ride for alright so
first thing I'm going to appeal the grip
tape grab a corner separate it and voila
alright so now what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna line my stickers up on it and I'm
not putting too much effort into this
I'm just making it so you can see her a
vine sticker behind the group grip tape
cut out alright so I'm gonna put one
right here and then I'm gonna do the
other one right next to it
it does have wheels now doesn't it
alright so there's a sticker and that's
what it looks like on the other side you
can actually read and grab now right hmm
and it's cool this is the part that you
really do pay attention to because what
I just did isn't going to be necessary
but every piece of grip tape but
applying it it's gonna apply to every
grip tape so to put the grip tape on
you're gonna need to know where the nose
of your skateboard is right the nose is
typically going to be a little steeper I
don't know if you can tell by the fish
eye but this end is a little taller also
the tails are a little narrower it kind
of cuts it a little faster or a lot of
times like with revived decks it's
labeled it has a little sticker that
says the size of the board right up
there so you're gonna want to know that
in case you have a piece of grip tape
that it matters where the cutout is
going with this
I want the am grip on the back end of
the board so I'm gonna put it more
towards the tail the best way it did not
get air bubbles there's a lot of ways to
not get air bubbles which is a pockets
of air they can stay under your grip
tape they don't actually matter people
can freak out about them but when you're
skating no one's ever missed a trick
because of an air bubble you know you
don't have a crazy air bubble but you
don't want a bunch of it you know you
know what to look down and see something
gross so this is the way I do it I find
a good spot I touch the nose touch the
tail press in the middle kind of slide
it across and then I move outwards I
don't know what you can do it is you can
actually stab holes little tiny holes in
your grip tape that lets it come out but
I don't worry about it like I said I
don't care about air group air bubbles
that much so I kind of like like I said
nose and tail press down here and move
out and then
you'll even take this which I kind of
destroyed this but usually you have a
normal piece of the back of your drip
tape and you can kind of use this to
press down and move them out but if
there's a really bad one you can always
cut it with a razor blade and kind of
move the air out that's another video in
itself but there we go we got the grip
tape on the skateboard now we got to
remove the excess around the board all
right so I'm gonna take my screwdriver
and I'm gonna score around the edge of
the skateboard so you take you this and
you basically just scratch around the
edge this is kind of why I moved over
here is because a lot of the grit on the
grip tape like dusts off and Falls like
I already have a pile of it right here
on this table so that's why I moved over
it's a little messy so don't do it like
on your mom's favorite China and let's
face it if you're putting your
skateboard together on China that's
weird in the first place and I have an
air bubble a very small one and I can
just move it out it's nice now you're
gonna take your razor blade
you know extend its and then when you're
not using it of course put it down in
just be safe razor blades are super
sharp you don't want to cut someone's
eyeballs out or your own or all of the
above okay so you're going to cut away
from you personally when I'm doing it I
usually cut towards bozo honestly she
was easier to get leverage but that's
what you're not supposed to do but
either way you're gonna just press
tightly against it and then move it
along that line and since you scored it
it should kind of go really smooth
across the whole board like I said this
is very sharper this stuff if you're
young you might want to have your
parents do it because it's if you mess
up and get cut these things like just
cut into your your body so just be
careful with it okay your remove this
look for spots that you like you know
kind of went off the line or so and then
recut the spots system to make it look
nicer but you know like I said if you
score it it should be pretty good this
one's really good so I'm gonna take a
piece of my grip tape you just rip it
off the excess like this and you do this
all along the edge of the board and it
just kind of makes it solid step to your
board off you know if you don't put your
grip tape on correctly and there's like
a thing sticking up it might rip so you
just do this to make it your grip tape
one with the skateboard if you make boom
there you go we grab the skateboard it
looks nice and we're ready to put this
trucks and wheels on that's right yes we
are okay now that we have our skateboard
we're ready to start putting stuff
together first thing I would do is put
the trucks onto the skateboard a kind
just make
one piece you can kind of work with it
so oh but the hardware our revived
hardware has the boot read bolt so you
can put it your nose which is just a
fast way to look down especially if you
don't have grip tape like mine that
shows you don't put that in your mouth
it's just easy to look down and see the
red bulb seems like that's my nose I'm
skating my board the right way now what
I'm gonna do to get my board ready to
put the you know the hardware in is I'm
gonna poke holes where the bolts go you
know there's holes in the board's
already pre-drilled of course you're
gonna find those on the garba Haven to
go down you don't want to go up because
certain grip tapes will crack if you if
you go through it from the bottom you
want to go down so the gripper tape goes
into the drilled hole if you really want
to do this right you can cut holes
around where they are so that the
hardware sinks into the grip tape a
little better I personally have never
worried about it it's never been an
issue but some people like to do that so
I just kind of wanted to dress it so I'm
gonna kind of look and judge where it
one is you need to start poking around
until you find it there we go got one
and then when you have that one you can
kind of just find another one it's not
too hard just go up down the second
third fourth there we go
I'm gonna do it on the other side then
we're gonna put our hardware in there
can you find me to red bolts thank you
boom did it so there you go I pushed all
the hardware in here just taking out the
underside I'm gonna grab my front truck
and I'm going to place it right on the
hardware and just push your hardware all
the way through and you're gonna start
loosely fastening the nuts to the bolts
so nuts are just loosely on there I'm
gonna take my skate tool and pop out on
the screwdriver piece and I'm gonna
start tightening these down cool thing
about the revived skate tools that has a
ratchet so you can just kind of just go
at it I personally like to rotate it
like that but to each his own the option
is there so that truck is on there I'm
gonna do the same exact thing to the
other side okay so I got the other side
on one thing I want to point out is that
make sure your kingpins are both pointed
towards the center if you make this
mistake it will be very interesting
riding your skateboard things will not
too
the way you want them to but this is the
proper way that you have trucks on your
skateboard okay now we're going to take
our wheels that we're gonna put our
bearings inside them some wheels take
bearings easier some you know some are
very snug forced wheels are good make
sure they're not too hard to get in
there that's hurt to hard to get out but
they hold them in so it's so it's
convenient but at the same time you do
got to give it a little umph so what you
do is you place the bearing inside both
sides and then you're gonna push down
until you feel it go all the way in and
when you think you're done put on the
axle and make sure it spins it's
straight it's not wobbly if it's wobbly
that means they're not in all the way
then if they're really having trouble or
you put the nut on to the axle and
tighten it down it'll snug it up some
but just make sure you push down really
hard you know use both your hands put
your weight into it and they should snap
in really nicely do that to all four
rear wheels and then we're gonna put
them on and one thing you might want to
know is the bearings have shields so
you're gonna want to put the shield on
the outside some bearings are kind of
more exposed on the inside and you know
that could get let dust and gross stuff
get in there also I wanted to point out
that when you're taking your bearings
out of your wheels if you're switching
them out using your axle as leverage is
a great way to do that because sometimes
it's really hard to get bearings out of
wheels so kind of just like prying it
out like this like I'll just reverse it
and then the bearing comes out now all
my wheels and bearings are ready to be
put on my skateboard which is the last
step I personally like to do my graphics
out some people like to do them in it's
up to you graphics on wheels tend to
wear faster than board graphics do more
at least completely like sometimes
there's always bored graphic somewhere
but wheels graphics will often just
complete as appear horse wheels just
change their paint on it and it's really
durable so these last a little longer so
that's nice okay so we're gonna put the
wheel on and a lot of bearings come with
these little like spacers to space out
your nuts from your bearings so they're
not like smashing against it if you use
these awesome if not it's not a big deal
you know I lose them half the time and I
don't use them but if they're there I
use them I just put them between my
bearings on both sides then grab our
skate tool and we're gonna tighten that
up alright
right there I tighten it too much so
give it a little test spin and see no
way
I like a little wiggle so if you make
sure it spins and then make sure it has
a little breathing room just a tiny bit
you don't want it to be too loose and
then you do that on all four axles and
you're gonna have a complete skateboard
oh yes because it won't roll thank you
now that we've put it all together I'm
going to do the finishing touches and
put some stickers on I don't have a lot
of time or else I'd make this look
pretty so I'm just gonna kind of get
them on there good smooth they're all
around one here it is here's my complete
skate board that's how you put it
together I mean it's really not hard
especially as you keep doing it it's
just gonna be second nature to put your
skateboard together but there are people
that wanted to know how to do it that's
the proper way to put a skateboard
together if you do it differently as
long as it gets done looking like this
that's what really matters so there you
go I'm gonna go do a few tricks on this
but I hope that helps out let's go skate
it alright so with any new deck you have
to do a kickflip test let's see if I
land the first kickflip of the board if
I do it's gonna be a good board may be a
good board let's do some real tricks
all right
so there you guys go that is how you put
your board together and that is how I
skateboard on it I hope that helped some
of you guys out there like I said the
reason I did this is because we are now
offering all of our products from the
Shred course comm where you can put your
own skateboard together and we will
offer a service where we put them
together for you eventually but I want
to make this video for the time being
when we're not putting boards together
for you so there you go I'm done I do
daily videos hit the subscribe button if
you want to see more from me but rad
chambers like give me the head oh all
right let's see it I thought you wanted
to hit me in the head
a lot of a wire finishing so far I
didn't know what that was because you've
seen us throw away a lot of this thing
and that will kill you
tennis balls will probably make you feel
better
