there you have it the holy grail of
skate falls right there every
skateboarder fears it and every down
skateboarder completely enjoys watching
it happen the almighty sec in fact
there's only a few times you can say
that seriously and it actually means you
know the almighty sec talk about the act
of getting sex it would hate to stop
talking before i keep talking about the
almighty stack that's something i don't
need to talk over talk about and that is
Casey Becker with the handrail between
his legs of course and he used to be the
highest supreme
the video today yeah well frightening
nowadays it's Jason Park Casey it was
kind of kind of wrong I mean he reigned
supreme and he had crazy epic Falls like
he didn't just skate and just make a
funny fall like Jason does and get up
and smile and make a joke he ate it just
like he did on this handrail he wouldn't
get the board bashed on his face toward
the ground it was a brutal time to be
Casey Bechtler needless to say because
he he fell a lot and this handrail is
absolutely from that era this might be
the most disturbing fall that I ever
film though it's kind of one of those
things in fact any stack when you see
someone getting sacked on a hand roll it
kind of like cancels out everything that
has been happening before then because
you could be in any situation and when
you see someone's tack on a handrail
you're paying attention to that not only
are you paying attention that you're
probably freaking out about it let's see
how Casey's sack affects all of these
movie scenes right now though Michael
please don't I didn't think that would
happen and as you and I it's obvious
we're not I don't think we're right for
each other what you said you've got his
here at slow
so yeah exactly and she changes
everything I'm pretty sure a lady could
be giving birth and if they saw that
they would kind of take a second to be
like oh wow oh I'm I'm having a baby I
gotta concentrate but Casey it was of
course not necessarily okay after this I
mean like you know getting sacked it
usually doesn't hurt you too bad it just
really is uncomfortable like it hurts in
the sense where like I am in a lot of
pain right now
but the next day you're not that bad
unless you kind of like make I don't
know I guess her actually you know what
I can be saying this but I've never done
it myself
I've never done I can't relate to it
maybe I shouldn't be talking about it
typically what I was seeing the person
is okay just look you're like 20 minutes
later they kind of keep functioning you
know worst thing about it is the mental
shadow it leaves down your brain because
the next time you should get a handrail
you'll be thinking of that you're like
well I don't want this with no legs
that's but one thing I'm sure of
okay but I want you pull a want a
Slurpee and I do not want this handrail
between my legs and you're gonna think
of that next time you do a worse line so
if you're one of those people that have
not been sacked be thankful all right
but sadly does happen it's probably
happening right now actually somewhere
in the world there is a Casey out there
a metaphorical Casey that has sac you on
a handrail right now let's our moment of
silence for all the people getting
sacked on handrails right now you know
somebody just screwed that up somebody
sit at the computer and just yell
because they want to be the guy that
messed up the moment of silence well
just so you know Jack I couldn't hear
you you failed but I did just dress in
the Internet so you kind of did succeed
but as always I will show you guys some
skate footage of Casey's showing that he
actually lands maneuvers you didn't just
hold things between his legs on his
testicles here it is here's Casey
bechler and landing tricks
so there you go there's Casey doing the
proper of maneuvers on a skateboard the
kind of sucks and Casey's injured go
figure in a different way right now like
his back and leg and basic his whole
body is kind of crumbling isn't skating
too couple months so uh that sucks but
he does have a youtube channel so if you
want to check out more from him and see
his some skate content of his friends
and us go down there in the info it is
right there in the infinites why I told
you go check out the info but I hope you
guys like this this was fall Friday I do
these every other Friday so I'll be back
in a couple weeks and yeah subscribe if
you want to see more videos like this
just think of Casey okay think of okay
see is it awkward that you're just
sitting here listen to me talking about
you the whole time
okay bear with me what would you do if
you had 1 million dollars eat a bag
breath
remember you said you're like it could
ruin a depressing movie scene or
something
don't you dare
you almost ruined Brian's camera every
day you get a table thrown over you
right that was fun
first time all right let's go hopefully
this video
you
