Wednesday huh what bullseye
Jordan hunter you are unconscious
why are you and crutches all right why
don't care we're still a challenge for
you so let's go what impress me
no no no what are we doing Brian a
missus actually product release it is a
product release force finally has some
stuff coming out
Jordan rides for force what he really
did toward Tara's menisci his meniscus
and keep stay tuned for more information
on that but we're gonna tell you some
about the new graphics and apparel and
all that stuff we got coming out are we
not we are let's start off with a lemon
there's been a long time to make you
feel like flashback to like a Q&A video
from like no last November where you're
saying you're showing like a sneak peak
could be shattered that just came in
yeah I just wanted this shirt to been
out for a while hey you used to hear
from your in this Jordan yeah we got new
wheel graphics finally it's been a kind
of fiasco dealing with some of the the
situations that occur when you make
wheels but we have new graphics in we
have a lot of graphics so get psyched
and Brian Ames is going to show you the
newest series right now
this is shattered series comes in 51 52
53 and 54 these are awesome just Nelson
design these just knows rock - oh my
gosh talk about it what is this a menu
and here you go see there's two of them
hold on hold yeah we got the green and
talk about the car waste come on rain
black we got we got a light baby blue
kind of kind of colorway we got the
schrock series here it's my size - which
is nice and these were created I skate a
54 he played that was a bad idea that
was a terrible idea
well some people like video boards I
just don't like him what's that music
853 good three and three is not too far
away you just hate with yours I know
that 34 Sam but we're not gonna stop
there we have another new series this
one is done by the the dude JB Coover's
he did he nailed these he's a monster
series this comes in 52 through 55 so
you got the pink pink macho just
individually get them right here in
front of YouTube we got this monster
dude this monster dude it's a spider I'm
gonna like like ghost or green ghost guy
yeah it's like Slimer this dude going
back to this guy did you know that one
time people wanted allen head hardware
that's us alright yeah exactly
understand why but we have it now we've
won allen head so it's six silver bolts
two black bolts
it's how allen head there it is and if
your name is Allen you get a extra
sticker I just made it up
you were ahead you know people are gonna
change your name to like that's what I
meant to say that's what I meant when he
said no yep all of you order is gonna
come under Allen
well they gets see get stickers they get
a couple stickers with every order so it
still counts now we have shirts new
shirts
maroon another maroon shirt monster yep
with that guy I had that on the other
day in the video and it got caked
because of I have a three-year-old GP
made this again this is a paint
Brian chambers made this you'll see more
of this in the future but this is the
the initial paint T this is the replica
I'm using other public analog yeah well
no wonder see what you just said so
that's okay
and then there's this the other monster
guy called it almost scratch yeah this
one is I don't remember I don't remember
we called it it's got a name go to the
Shred quarters to come and find out what
the name is and then left about least we
have that scratch graphic as a hoodie
pullover hoodie this is amazing yeah and
Jordans gonna wear that one day yes are
you guys like a phrase each other is
this like a urinal like is there a bonus
space image we're moving we moved down
so I hope you guys liked that product we
actually have a few more things hitting
the Shred quarters
you know our online store also so Brian
get a little info we're gonna be
carrying synopsis bearings now yep I got
snobs our bearings she's gonna be pretty
awesome
good bearings you are going to be able
to get all the components of skipper now
we don't carry Orion trucks yep the base
plate colors are gonna kind of be kind
of randomized right now we're gonna have
one 40s in red basis and then we're
gonna have one 31 30s in black basis
thank you coming in these are gonna be
sold out to start for the weekend here
but they will be back in stock next week
I'm in week and no we do not assemble
completes for you we're gonna try to
wrap our brains around that towards the
end of the year but I'm gonna make a
video telling you how to assemble a
complete skateboard because there are
people that need to actually know how to
do this I'm sorry you know we'll figure
that out right now we do not simple it
completes we would never ever stop
working if we did that so it's just be
too much it's too much them so that is
the Paul force released it's going to
come out this Saturday at midnight which
is technically Friday night 12:00 a.m.
Eastern Standard Time here and since
so if we take it'll be nine o'clock on
the west coast if you're one of those
people but you know wrap your head
around it
Saturday hits they're available on the
store that'll be the 21st so the Shred
Quarters comlink is right down there and
we will do some skateboarding for you
Josh cats in town ninjas in town we'll
do some goof around clips and uh
entertain you do not crush me that was
horrifying I saw many lives flashed
before me
Oh
it was like a freaking GTA on the left
there you guys go
horse wheels Farah launch release or
launch whatever you want to say this
Saturday at midnight Friday night
midnight Saturday morning what everyone
call it the strike force calm Sam Singh
you
