what's up guys so I recently hit 600,000
subscribers here on YouTube which I am
so appreciative of so is riding right
you are you thankful for all those
people to watch the videos yeah
before I go on a big mushy spree and
tell you guys how thankful I am I'm
gonna cake my son right in the face
you sure you want to do this yeah this
was his idea last time I got caked he
got to do it to me and he loved doing it
and he got the idea to get caked himself
so I got a strawberry cake right here
and riding are you ready for this to go
in your face are you positive one all
right let's do this
yeah all right bottle of coke yeah good
to get caked with I thought I was gonna
put you and put in your smash in your
face yeah job tada here's the cake ridin
well you weren't you weren't lying were
ya hmm you ready 1 3 2 1 all right now I
was kidding okay I'll do all right ok 3
2 1 huh
all right all right I'm serious no no no
more no more fakes right 3 2 1
look at the camera what you got to say
to you to Brighton I think you have a
strip of cake on your face alright and
look what you did do it gave my buddy oh
you would brand new shirt
hugging my wife revenge last night I'm
in the hair who rubs it in the air are
you kidding me in shock I was a good hit
I was amazing yeah oh come on that was
that was amazing get away from me I will
karate chop you now say ride and say
thank you for six hundred thousand
subscribers
take a Gary ham private I was not in at
office but seriously guys 600,000
subscribers I say us every time but I
don't I didn't what are you doing what
are you doing to me what are you doing
oh yeah I got it
it's on me already but like I said every
time I never thought that I would ever
get to this level on YouTube and it
means so much that you guys would watch
my videos over and over again subscribe
to my channel so thank you we I will
keep doing videos every single day and I
will see you guys at 700,000 subscribers
which I have no idea what I'm gonna do
because I'm out of ideas but I think of
something because I got a hundred
thousand people to obtain before I that
sounded bad that's not a bet you guys
know what I'm saying I'm gonna go do
some slow-motion victory cupcakes
because ridin actually gets to eat the
cake now hey catch hey cut it dude no no
I didn't you are the meanest dude in the
world
this is the part that sucks is waiting
to clean up cake at the skate park hey
child child child let's go to the water
fountain let's go oh my god
you stay away
gosh y'all right yeah I love you
oh I love you too buddy you're the rock
oh I love you too
