we are in beautiful Las Vegas Las Vegas
was Denver that was the last video we
have since skated to a new spot we're in
Las Vegas and you're Daniel Trujillo I
am and you are announcer what's up guys
black ninja people is that what we're
doing yeah you're the announcer he's
gonna do tricks and we don't know how to
do I know all the names yeah you got
this I'm an oddity tricks off duty fire
backwards Gullah Gullah island shove it
to Phineas it all backwards moonwalk
stank the NordicTrack
okay let's get movin walk Switchfoot
Thank You Lee that was the trick action
you never know with freestylers I just
realize you have a walks that's it's
Star Wars shirt oh you you out yeah you
Jedi me out free mom you guys won't see
that get a spinner free mo switch double
free but flip dirty stink leg Pogo
double flip Sunday brunch sear those a
you had me at Sunday brunch oh yeah that
was amazing
one-footed switch grab dirty look ah
that dude you always hit that dirty
loafer double foot hop around to the yes
well that's how we celebrate it's really
cold out here in uh City verily we're
actually a lot so using this panel yeah
it's pretty cold out here
stop
right footed donkey pop Swiss foot toe
drag primo a bird
you
