YouTube it is a night in the life too
okay I just been a while since I did a
night in the life there's just a random
idea once I'm do another one been ridin
got a new paw patrol boy anyone to show
you - but yeah it's almost bedtime for
him I'm gonna put him to bed and then
I'm going Street skating with Sabre
Casey Jordan hunt her almost forgot us
his er and then Bobby Bobby is in town
from Switzerland so we're all going on
Street skating and hopefully that goes
well because I have no idea where we're
gonna skate but first I'm gonna do some
finger warned aren't we
yeah tailslide
even have a truck on that Righton don't
have a t don't have a wheel
let's see your craziest maneuver dude
you just defied gravity that was awesome
oh you see I came of it vide oh oh no
and then you do I so you grind off the
rail onto the Hollywood sixteen stare
and then fake everybody out and go to
the bank plate okay
since our paw patrol guys are here you
ready brush your tooth just your one
tooth I say things that are not right
sometimes
come on brush of teeth I can avoid here
all the night
no I can't you need to you need rush for
you it's at that time yeah well go eat
book thanks zippy said V but this job
would be too heavy for you Brewster said
B I need you to take some eggs from the
farm to the ice-cream Factory
all right now to go film I love you good
night buddy
I will thank you good night wife too
I'll take a night to ride a night you're
on the door you guys ate all your dinner
okay I'm sorry
you ate it all look goodbye
I am at the spot we're supposed to meet
and I am the only one here which does
not surprise me but I am ready for night
skating I have my le whoa oh my gosh
okay cool
yeah I have no eyeballs those what I
don't have yeah I have my lamp so we can
film at night and it's lit up and also
blind everybody that is remotely near it
because it's the brightest thing in the
world
flavors on the other side the building
guess what we have a light we have a
light everywhere right might brighten
you remember light bright why are you
looking at the camera doesn't like
flight to frickin white hi Jordan how
are you doing oh okay I won't be that
mean - is that better a little better a
little better hi it's uh Fabien hi I do
about it I got this first okay wait
Casey's not be coming out no all right
so Sam at Surry Park his car
Jordan you want to keep with the wall
more waiting I'll try guess ya know
Ollie just go over the kickflip
boo elevated that field
come on yeah we thought it was awesome
fYI I'm trying out some new shoes
tonight I switched over the accelerates
kind of into charbroiled Ronald McDonald
but it's you know they feel good and we
have fabian with a knowledge
Oh Bernie Spears Oh Matthew McConaughey
swallows Berkeley
someone catch it oh right you're like
going this is good job oh my gosh I just
saw it in the LCD like a yellow thing
coming at me Oh Macaulay Culkin's okay
finally done would you like to go skate
a skate spot no I know I would that was
so unnecessary wasn't it I'm sorry watch
you that same pin to your left you will
see the city of Cincinnati we are about
to be inside the city because we are
driving to the city this ledge is
awesome and I have no idea if we're
gonna be able to skate it usually they
don't care and it's a night so hopefully
we're good I'm gonna go pay the meter
Sam
you just laugh alright I got graded yeah
you got grated this thing cheese's you
dude felt great
oh my gosh
II
did you mean to do the 505 o u5 owed you
lipslide 501 80 Oh
gave me though you're that good did you
count this blood on my hand how cool
that's what I wanted well there's my
pocket hi congratulations
all right so I film everyone else like
the first two hours and then just then I
did that 50 pretty creeped about but
that's it because it's 1 o'clock in the
morning and I got to wake up with like
6:30 so and I got to work tonight still
so my life my nights gonna be great for
the rest of the evening but this guy
almost Lansbury for his part
good job and these guys destroyed
everything actually just a Ledge
that's all they skated but they
destroyed it you guys did do that thanks
man thanks good it good nice socks
justice what I like Tigers saver to the
Tigers
backside noseblunt Oh to hit the quarter
pipe oh no oh you're supposed to gap
over the sixteenth stare into the
quarter pipe okay
I should have known this was good you
thought it was gonna be a good clip but
no we're after the outro somebody might
have laughed but it wasn't that funny
say goodbye sir
