YouTube what is up guys so some
situation happened on YouTube reason you
guys probably know about it and I'm
trying not to upload this video because
I don't want to be one of those people
who look up on YouTube you're doing this
to me and in fact I'm not trying to do
that video at all right now I know the
video is says YouTube punch me in the
face or whatever and it did
metaphorically explain that in a second
I actually think it's amazing that I'm
able to do anything on YouTube and like
make a career out of it I'm so thankful
so just the fact that that exists still
I have nothing to complain about YouTube
they're doing something to try to fix
things which is good it's unfortunately
affected a lot of good channels out
there me being one of them so what
happens is that there are some channels
with a family-friendly content that
actually was not family-friendly content
and it freaked out a bunch of people and
YouTube's like we've got this and what
the hell they got this is they just shut
down channels shut down videos and it
was like it was insane my channel is
very friendly family friendly
I actually didn't set out to have a
family friendly channel it was I just
didn't want to offend anyone so I just
kept it cool for anyone I was like I
just want people to watch my videos
grandma grandpa
kid it doesn't matter teenager and just
didn't get something from my videos so I
just say alright I'm gonna not offend
anyone and it turned into a
family-friendly thing which I am cool
with especially now that I'm a dad I
mean you can be family-friendly and
still have a sense of humor so there's
that but recently there was a lot of
family-friendly content got mixed in
this thing where they shut down a bunch
of videos and my channel was one of them
it's a huge bummer because a lot of my
videos just in one day just got shut off
literally as if like YouTube just turned
it off switch on like 66% of my videos
and this isn't just the family for
clearly family friendly oriented stuff
it's like skateboarding videos and like
just whatever like it doesn't make sense
some of the videos that got shut off and
I talked to you too when they were like
oh you just got caught up in the mix of
this we're gonna sort it all out and
I've been very patient but it's not
changing like basically like all of my
activity on YouTube got cut down 66%
which again I'm very thankful that I'm
able to do anything here on YouTube and
I'm not bummed on that I'm bummed that
people can't find certain videos like
look at this comment I've been getting a
lot of comments just like this saying
I'm trying to find this video and I
can't because if you search it in the
search bar it doesn't come up because
they turned it off or whatever if you go
to my youtube channel and go to videos
and stroll through the thousands of
videos out
made you can find things but that's lame
because it's still not getting out there
and suggested videos like videos that
just got like millions of views got down
to like boom you're getting like 50
views a day on and I'm like well that's
a bummer I mean like something awesome
like right like that video that guy was
talking about right and learning to do
is first Ally like that's an awesome
video I want that to be able to get out
there so what I'm gonna do is once a
week I'm gonna like just like Mondays
I'm gonna go back and I'll start with
earlier ones so like it's an older video
I'm gonna re upload videos and a host
that they kind of get out there again
it's the only solution I can kind of
come up with right now I'm not gonna
overdo it like you're still gonna get
all of the new content that I always do
but because I don't love blowed up
Monday so now it'd just be like that'll
be the reupload day so if you see a
video that you think you've already seen
you don't have to click it if you do
click a video and you realize you've
seen it you could always just watch
another video it's a very simple thing I
know you like to complain on the
internet but I mean if you're
complaining about a re-upload you just
don't watch it go watch something else
and you might be saying well it's just
gonna happen again well it was like an
automated thing and it all happened at
once and ever since then my new videos
have been performing normally and like
the views keep going and they're not
shut off that's where I got the idea to
do the reupload and it's kind of funny
that this recently have it happened like
three or four weeks ago because
beforehand I was at an all-time high for
views like my channel was never doing
better but you know it happens like
YouTube's doing its best to try to
figure out the situation and I'm just an
unfortunate casualty and they've said
that they've actually told me that they
said sorry you're just kind of in the
mix of this clearly it's not accurate
but we're gonna try to handle it so I'm
trying to fix this how I can and
hopefully it just gets better but we'll
see either way I'm gonna keep making
videos that I love making and I'm you
know I'm not whining about YouTube
you're just trying to fix it I don't
know so I hope you guys support me in
this like I said nothing else has
changed in my channel you're gonna get
all of the content you normally do and I
have some awesome videos coming out I'm
bringing back fall Friday due to popular
request I've been getting so many
requests for fall Freddy to come back
and William Spencer tomorrow
is happening so tune in for that but
that's what I'm doing I you know if it
doesn't work you might might stop doing
it but I'm not gonna overdo it I'm just
gonna do it once a week and we'll see
what happens hopefully I can get some of
these videos back into the world things
are still going just fine
like I'm still still rocking but
it was a drastic change and I've been
very patient talking with YouTube and
this is what I do myself so that's it
guys I'm gonna go back to my normal
things starting tomorrow you'll see the
goofy videos and that's it hope you guys
have a great day if you do want to help
out you just hit the bell button right
down below I know like I goofily talked
about that which is it's dumb that
subscribing doesn't even do this anymore
but if you get the Bell button that
actually helps a lot because it'll
notify you exactly upload a video so
you'll get a thing on your phone like
watch this and then you can watch it
that would help out you guys have a
great weekend and a great Christmas
coming up or whatever you celebrate just
to have a happy happy day I will see you
guys in the future the shirt and there's
no bonus clip this is a super serious
video you're not getting a bonus clip
music though come on music
