give me this give you that why because I
hold it in this you're the one talking I
hold it there you just be in the house
today I was last time did I hold it I
hope it okay sure you win I don't know
what we're talking about either way
we're doing some comment answering
responding time this time with Brian
names I figured it would be appropriate
to do a warehouse Wednesday where you
actually skateboard in it oh happy fun
so you want to do your triple flip or
your 540 flip attempt well you broke the
cruise aboard I feel like cool demeanor
in the 540 flips let's do that one yeah
I like how you think that's how I think
we're on the rocks so we've never filmed
this early in the Sun don't move it do
they do not move it just sit down Jesus
I didn't know what moves its apparel
Ian's always moved oh my gosh you want
to get down and look at the
structuralist capability of this yeah I
do actually all right look at it you're
fine dude you it moved when you got up
there's no way it moved like this before
dude it moves a lot something happened
something happened yeah look at the gap
not not great there's a whole area that
you shouldn't be on right here I knew
rocks today there it is all right the
video is 540 flip on a cruise reward
challenge yeah and Brian Ames was the
guy who tried to do the challenge and he
failed there's 239 comments Colin XY
asks what was the ending song the ending
song is me all the outro music you see
in my videos was a word songs that i
have recorded in my friends at recording
studio there you go that's it
Christopher Burch Yaga says Andy is kind
of annoying yeah I agree I agree yeah
who is a good one all right Milo Morales
says rest in peace bored yeah I agree
wholeheartedly these little color this
sex thing the second yeah they are cuz
the second one is last it has been just
as awesome it's so much fun yeah you
baby get your own soon your face is just
a shroud of darkness no just my eyes
just a random nose comes out every once
in a while masters pull out 420 this Wow
as how can I become an intern uh be in
the right place the right time Michael
just asked me randomly added like at a
birdhouse demo you did it is like in a
crowd like a old manager knows like
email bro names and then it just
happened and then we don't really we
don't have any interns right now do no
Casey technically yeah Casey is kind of
yeah but he's transitioning into
something else
the president Oliver mark says to Brian
Pogo no fought panocha file that's the
love of or attraction to beards that's
pretty awesome actually how did not know
that sir you a pedophile of yourself I
had nine droid beards you enjoy yourself
no I mean its way I do like my beers
kind of what you're saying well get a
pogo stick moth 17 I remember you're
doing this mod 17 says how did you get
to bry names what it says how did you
get to bry names whether it's uber I
don't remember the video I don't either
because it was like multiple people
asking how there's two of them oh it's
where I pan yeah it was all right I
could so the way i did this is the intro
it starts with our names and it pans and
then brine aims is on the other side of
the shot so you just you film a location
you know you film something and then you
spin the camera real fast and then you
cut and you have brian and switch
locations and then you reenact that and
when you spin the camera it's such a
quick action that you're I can't doesn't
know where you cut the clip and it just
looks like one motion if it does Nelson
never as says where'd you buy that board
man where do we get the cruiser oh that
was our would press made it for us we
even know they're making for us and
they're coming soon we're finally
getting a batch of cruisers and so are
finally doing cruisers man hopefully
they'll be here before the holidays but
with her home sir wait you know
sometimes we just don't know trickshots
king who says I he should jump the
stairs with the cruiser board I would
love to see that i would like to skid
stairs to the algae divorce other rail
right now okay let's go at the end of
this video I'll go do it there we got
let's go suck I don't want to move this
early I'll do it jumping the stairs no
but I'm not gonna I wouldn't want to
break it I'll do the rail I'm not gonna
do the stairs because we don't have a
replacement do a lot of healer confused
about this edit like the transition they
are just going on their minds are blown
minds are blown they're exploding okay
good Andre Montes or wants to know what
state do you live in injured all of them
I did Tim now um Ohio I think we live in
a we're honest insight a lot of people
are surprised by that like oh you guys
love in Cincinnati it's like yes we've
made that I feel maybe not cleared to
people who watch our videos consistently
they definitely know but yeah we travel
a lot so that might be confusing but
we're in Cincinnati Ohio a cliff I'm
gonna put your last name cliff
fella Schiano oh yeah cliff fellow
gianna he said Brian did you ever land
it no Brian did did Brian ever landed
and II love what you do as a youtuber
and being the owner of a sick company
like revive your boards are amazing
soldier channel thank you I not landed
it is not so suck it yeah it's about due
time to do a sequel where else Wednesday
though what if I don't do it a third
time well then we'll make fun of you
again and then I don't know who what
justin'll saying or something no that's
if he if you you'll sing I don't know I
hope I don't have to say I hope you do
sing ah rebound wants to know why does
auntie keep putting gullible in his
descriptions it you really was doing
right holy Sh didn't you just get you
holy my gosh but yes he did we I do it
immediately well I got a yagi you
totally got me that's amazing that is
amazing that we got it on film that
isn't that guy if you watch this you
know these are psyched he's like yes you
got me you absolutely got me there this
video is called bry names is the most
gold overs in the world now don't do
that it might do that it might be where
skaters can't don't get a joke skater
sucks at getting jokes that was in cards
look one yet a lot of people talk about
Young Brian pano it's because at the end
this all brown without beer yeah
complete I put a montage of like a
slo-mo montage at the end of this with
you like young pictures of us and
zooming is amazing
we got fat Brian right there holy crap
oh well there's anything ya see oh I do
look if you do you think I look like
Thomas there I do look like Thomas there
I don't I don't think so some dude named
am skater says dang he had it 540 flips
are tough on a kneeboard it is a hard
trick fuck enough very very funny enough
Doug just learned that trick and he
didn't first try at Mountain uh Neely
was it was it whatever that hip is in
San Francisco for tomorrow Fort Miley he
did it literally first try and he's
saying it's really tough cool dog thanks
buddy you didn't know that the future
would disregard his content RISD says
wow and east rock it can really be a
dick the fact that he was kicking his
board against the brick wall and then he
wonders why the boards cracked I was
really surprised Brian didn't punch him
I don't even know he's referring to edit
yeah like it what you want to get to get
the wall how was I gonna take away the
structural integrity of it you don't
know you'd have to kick the crap out of
that you had you'd have to like be in it
I would have to kick it so hard that I
hope that you would want it to pay yes
exactly shattered the bearings and yeah
I was like so no he was fine we messed
with each other all time okay you put my
skateboard up like on the roof the other
day I didn't know where it was so Rizzo
is his name Rizzo something like that I
think something just friends mess of
each other the board was fine yep he
broke it aren't not me I mean you could
punch me though I'm fine with that and
that's seen the video because we're at a
comment you're out of comments scroll
through mall all 288 if anyone say I
mean the deserves just watch the nice
thing is nobody says anything mean to us
well then speak some nice ones and just
we can say thank you to the people
because that's super nice james clark
says my my mr. Ames was majestic
stallion back in the day thank you very
nice of him to call you that there's a
bee flying all right well let's go do
that dumb board side this is way too
early for me to Boris at a handrail it's
like one o'clock in the afternoon it is
in 10 a.m. and i have not been getting
sleep lately alright well what do you
know it's waiting for us even do it for
fun
are even ten bucks ten bucks
but if you miss you gotta give it too
much okay he's like how it's just lie
and I tried to all right well why do I
say things what do you dare you turn
anything today no thank you that thank
you this is how big the thing it ok kind
of tiny got this this is not what you
want to do at ten am I think yeah insane
it was a kind of scary well you did it
yep told you I didn't tell anybody
actually I told myself and I was like
I'll do it yeah see you guys next time I
got a text no I didn't
nope we missed a call from saber 1 for
more options hey saber what's going on
buddy this is your voicemail and you're
on YouTube right now so if you guys want
to know sabers phone number it's 15 for
20 from a call give a call and tell them
how much you like these videos or go
perfect
