look at these faces okay what's up guys
we are here in Oregon it's a little hot
today but we're gonna skate this manual
pad yeah true hero like ninja people I
want you to get warm with a nollie nose
manual this you're gonna hear clicking
when I film because this is this is like
a blight and a manual pad no I blew it
yeah well now they know get warm the
truth you've got to subscribe Instagram
Facebook 32 trick 20 first try welcome
to Jurassic Park meet up a t-rex that's
him that's exactly how it sounds Oh the
only time i'll do a mini first try
that's not manual i'ma do because I'm
horrible menos wow you weren't kidding
slight nning day lightning I get bored
when I fell I'm sorry Oh success
I'll see if you're delaying that first
try I was going to talk about it and be
annoying from the camera
we're here in Alabama with panoramic
photographer Daniel Hill he is taking up
his glasses and the wind is blowing
through his hair wow that was the
dumbest sound I could have made when you
landed that it's not like a dying duck
Mario with helium yeah hey art hell are
you shut up Hey Arnold hell are you
trying to say what are you doing bro
yeah you're winded cuz it's hot here in
Connecticut that's how you do you got to
subscribe really you're not gonna say
Instagram or Facebook or Twitter to not
quit those this is like a a nose manual
around the world or a circle is gonna be
a good chick though all of Dallas is
gonna flip out about it yeah well it's
not a walk in the park no I'm Michigan
too much higher
she went into the bush and just
disappeared or that re cool
hey thanks for getting my board out of
there you're welcome you're gonna be
sarcastic i am too it's gone forever
whoo dude it really is oh my gosh I feel
like I'm in the freaking labyrinth
where's David Bowie duh oh now cool now
I'm in heaven where's David Bowie not
here cuz David Bowie's not dead
you
