well listen right it's not right Brent
it's not right
much more like it warehouse Wednesday
yeah we're you're not in a bit this
doors can be open for eternity just a
new door buddy all right this week you
got to do ten tricks on the box you're
12 minutes to do it yeah you get me
techno so you got to flip in how does
that not just track shove it in shove it
out do something into it and every trick
you land it's gonna seem a micro song
about it and if you do it you get 20
bucks if you don't do it I get 20 bucks
for me wait what okay I'm gonna
reiterate because I always do it you
have to do 10 technical tricks flip and
flip out either or shove in big spin in
shove out picks but not whatever
technical and then you have 12 minutes
to do it and I'm gonna sing about it and
apparently I owe you money if he doesn't
do it yes and if you do do it he gets
money yep okay and if nobody doesn't
Casey has a flat tire
yes hey nobody I'm fine you guys know
this guy from doing every trick in a
line in one trick he's the master of all
common trick in the line yeah he does
every trick in one line but it just it
just keeps going you gotta watch his
skating his channels right down there
Casey we'll get your flat tire yeah
that's oh it does suck you actually said
the information that I use didn't cut me
off this week well I was thinking and I
wasn't listening to it all and I was
like you know it started out like oh my
god make sure Bryan's talking right it's
literally the first time you've cut me
off yeah well there's a first for
everything that Casey you get to film
and I have a guitar
yes there is negative 3 1 6 3 1 yeah let
me use that calculated precision you
have 10 minutes and 12 12 minutes 12
minutes good that was the wrong court
but the song said no slide all day
does it I don't want to sing I'm gonna
done singing can I stop singing that
trick was cool
finally together they said the first
rabies missed second forgiveness this is
the second trick he's made you're gonna
sing for he missing any Oh miss lane I'm
not gonna sing about it until it lands
it which is probably Bobby it deserves
$100 for that trick Brian pay up pay up
not all songs have lyrics it's just no
trick nobody said it has to either that
was the end aright No
how much time did I take him to do all
that less than six minutes to do all
that yeah and I ruined it like because
you made me play the guitar
let's try ten more tricks on the weed
what is with what does weave warehouse
Wednesday's lately everyone's calling
the shop yeah yeah let's go over here
for another twenty bucks don't double
down double down your Quality Counts 180
count
yeah sure ten tricks five yeah five
minutes and 50 seconds to do it
if you can do ten tricks on this alright
let's do it we've been five minutes you
double money alright oh I'm not singing
for these ten either you know what they
call manual pads in Switzerland wheelie
tables yeah that's a real thing yeah
yeah that's me yeah what's this called
chuckling one right there to wheelie
tabled that we spotted a rogue who Ryan
chambers he is going to the bathroom
pinky already out of the manuals better
than my Faithie Ollie's big messes
fourth trick out of ten there's four
minutes and 12 seconds the farthest
region of them just three kids oh no
check mark he's three minutes if you
look at it right ways
you have two minutes in 12 seconds
this is eight number each two more
what's you're putting your hands in
front your face nine nine one trick a
minute forty five things do we like this
don't feel like this you're not allowed
to do any more skating you're done we're
gonna be broke by the time you get some
skating in yeah that was a remarkable
display of talent on escape that was
less than 12 minutes
all that happened that was insane did 20
tricks about 12 minutes computer that
was like 10 minutes I was like 10
minutes do 10 tricks that's a bit much
we'll do it 12 minutes and then you did
20 trips in about 10 minutes
yeah fabien there you go there you go
thank you you just make sure this place
the jungle now own are really five to
four of my face
Fed Ex guy thinks I am nuts that's that
he was just at your list
