what now what now oh yeah oh okay fine
I win you're off the bed right and
Anthony where are we right now where the
beach are you excited to go Beach it up
all day yeah I am too
so we got some boogie boards and we're
basically just gonna do whatever
whatever we feel like doing at the beach
we're at the with the GoPro today so
it's safe
which is nice that's pretty awesome this
is the gopro hero4 session ride and look
at you you are super Star Wars doubt
well we have boats yeah I would call him
a boogie board now the boogie board vote
boogie board boats let's do this beach
day give me five
beach day Cameron's a beach day oh yeah
all right let's wait for the water let's
wait for the water to do things like
that right in
hey we got to put our shades on let's
see it are you ready yeah
beach it up I love you just in case
anyone had the urge you definitely
should not state by overlaying in the
dark staircase right because it seems so
tempting
rydym what is it with us that everywhere
we go we it's a crowded it's a crowded
pool or Beach be a crowded it is you're
right you want me to hold those all
right we got to find a spot how you spot
a dad he has two pairs of sunglasses on
that was appropriate all right we're
ready to attack the water are you ready
let's go
let's run you got blasted boy well
there's a jellyfish we immediately
spotted a jellyfish job is it Billy
aboard time all right let's do it oh
don't fall spread your feet out just
like a skateboard Oh see your stance
surfing right now aren't you yes you are
all right that was a good session you
did it
you want to jump away we're gonna take
it on let's go see I spotted another
jellyfish here's a jellyfish the thing
that scares me with these guys is I
think they're just a waves just gonna
attach it's my face all right they're
just not big enough
yeah
alright that is the extent of
boogie-boarding today there's jellyfish
everywhere
the jellyfish like hugging my swim
shorts swim pants swimming trunks I
can't talk
that one's got some legs on them when I
was younger I'd be terrified when you
get older you just stop caring about
certain things like jellyfish until I
get stung and I don't really care
alright so I'm digging a hole and I'm
gonna put right inside it I'm gonna keep
digging though
right and guess what am I gonna bury you
in the sand yes I am get over here all
right don't be like me not in your face
look at you right and stuck in the sand
I got out that's just something you have
to do as a dad or is any person at the
beach ever you dig a hole you put
somebody inside a chicken seagulls
bulgor all right it's done the sandy boy
which is the sand lazy boy right in and
now that we're editing this we realized
that a total looks like I built a toilet
on the beach it really doesn't Wow it's
raining and then in the flash of an eye
into stormy which is what Florida does
what we're going back so we go back
upstairs to where we're staying and by
the time we get here it is gorgeous
house but it's lunchtime right what do
you want to do or they you know Ollie
pop that is completely matching that
talent what should we do Legos it's like
go time all right let's go bye
oh my god shark ma'am that's how excited
you'd be if there was a shark right
there I don't know driving a Ferrari
down the road
I'm a velociraptor I will tell you I
will check on you are you ready are you
ready to go are you a t-rex or or a
Diplodocus oh okay well and I'm I'm a
Velociraptor so I win this one
you
