we're here with Bryan Ames and what are
you gonna do today my name's I'm a set
up a skateboard a brand-new skateboard
the brand new one walls new deck and
then you got used other stuff yep so
just like every other set up video in
the entire world Bryan's gonna put it
together and talk about it and tell you
what he has all right you start with a
fashionable Reds head to be Brian Eames
you need that and the beard yeah the
deck I'm a skate is gonna be an 8.08 bit
lifeline it's a good skateboard new I
like it got em grip I would have waited
five more minutes and kind of got a new
grip and now that's awesome I like the
red top lot how do I put anything behind
the guy I do oh you definitely do I
don't I like to keep it normal regular
you have something you got yep hardware
carry handful of bolts I mean yeah you
got a point but all right got forced
hardware that I'm gonna be using I'm
gonna tighten them with our new friggin
silver revive collab out tool it's
awesome Thunder highs Sam Tabor
recommended thunder hives you'll get
wheel bite as much with them and I
absolutely agree I labeled them with an
F on the front thank you Doug just tell
em it's the best thing that's the best
things ever having me so I always know
that's my front truck now I got pebble
suck 52 force wheels on here and then I
have bones read bearings oh and that's
it
so I'm gonna put this board together now
let me start with the trucks yeah and
I'm gonna ask him questions about life
as he doesn't what was your least
favorite subject in school math no
French French all - all day man do you
think all the French people are gonna be
offended sorry guys I was just in I was
in Paris and I had a hard time
communicating with you French guys isn't
that what makes the French class bad no
no no I'm just very bad at learning
foreign languages from them that was
good with the computer languages though
so that's like not a spoken language but
different kind of language okay your
favorite class computer science yeah
good one no I preferred I liked history
class a lot actually
personally I liked math I was just good
attitude I way I would like wouldn't
even listen listen in school I'd say
that but I wouldn't listen I would just
like pay attention to review day and
then I would just rock the test do what
talking about computer science I used to
like I was bad at math but I used to
beat the system especially in college so
like you had to do math problems sure
you work so what I did was I wrote a
computing computer software my ti-83
calculator that all I did was input the
numbers and would out
but the all the math and the answer so I
basically just cheated my whole way
through college so when Green State
University there you go buddy we've had
to get another pet right now would it be
another cat okay a different cat
oh man like a bird a cockatiel good copy
you so it talks I thought yeah well or
that would be cool I didn't get African
Grey sure I want an African Grey some
sort of off my cockatiel had a sink
Mario and Zelda and then my mom fell in
love with it until you for me did happen
would you be super gross out if you were
covered in like a hundred snails uh
probably sounds slimy it does come on
wheel graphics on the inside too if you
can only read books or watch movies one
or the other for the rest of your life
what would it be Wow once they read
books really yeah the book is always
better than the movie
you know is it that's true I'm alright
if I had time I might say books but I
think in my life I would say movies I
mean I want to say maybe the rule but
yeah I think books would be the smart
decision I definitely appreciate books
but I like movies that's bolt sour patch
kids or skittles Sour Patch Kids yeah
hold it mr. Tanzi oh alright your
skateboards put together now we're gonna
go do some skateboarding tricks on our
brand names we're in the warehouse right
to shred quarters we go cake club test
brand name is doing the cake poop test
whoa and now Brian Ames is gonna put his
wood where his concrete is and do tricks
on his new board and that's our that's
my set up video hope you guys enjoyed
that
and Bryan Ames walked into the afterlife
goodbye Bryan hope you had a good life
you
