chase park is back people for fall
friday of course and yes he is getting
sucked down a bank as literally what
just happened there I mean I've skated
this Bank okay it's easy to fall down it
but it takes a special person to be able
to look like they're getting dragged
into the depths of the sea like Jason
did right there in fact i'm gonna kick
this off just straight off by editing a
crack in or some type of sea creature
pulling him into this into the depths
serious is gonna look so bad i might
have looked bad i don't know because i
haven't edited yet but i had to do it i
mean literally there's like a force of
nature grabbing him and pulling him down
because I mean you go fast down that
Bank but he went really fast and his
body was was a wild mess it was like a
human spaghetti and hair human hair
spaghetti falling down the bank what am
I saying but yes Jason does this all the
time like he literally charged this bank
and attacked like there was no business
there was nobody selling lemonade on
this Bank because Jason was attacking it
and yet I know you see this and you
think wow man he was you know he's in
these fall Friday's a lot he has to be
hurt he has to be a bad skateboarder but
when he's one of the best skateboarders
so throw that idea into the frayed
garbage disposal and turn it on Jason is
amazing he and he goes that hard that he
just Falls like a maniac sometimes and
he doesn't even hurt him like it really
doesn't i have another fall to prove it
this is a double double action fall
friday ok here's another fall of the
same session and this is what how Jason
reacts to just kind of falling down the
bank on his head shorter his head is
bouncing just watch it dude that was
cool they're good man and that is Jason
Park I feel like anything bad could
happen you can deliver some bad news to
Jason and he's just kind of okay with it
hey Jason you broke your leg Jason my
cat ran away cruel Chipotle is out of
tacos cool your butt is showing cool
Brian names beard is fake seriously
handles it well he was like a man in
fact like Jason is the manliest dude i
know- he doesn't have a flannel shirt
and a beard but I'm just saying he takes
it you serve him up punch to the face
metaphorically or literally don't know
and he's just okay with it he's like
yeah what now bring it you know what if
I was a stormtrooper or a
clan member i would be afraid of jason
park okay he should he should he should
but no Jason took a tumble down this
Bank a few times probably did more than
that the guy is just a monster he just
attacks and that is what happened I had
to a fall Friday of it honestly I have
enough Falls of Jason that I could
probably make a fall Friday like for the
rest of the year with Jason but I have a
lot more lance and approve you that he
destroyed this skate spot here's all the
tricks that he did on this Bank which
were featured in we are avenged 54
so there you go that is what Jason does
best and not only is he one of my
favorite skateboarders out there buddy
is one of my favorite human beings out
there I'm actually about to go to Hawaii
with them to film and skate in his
hometown so I can't wait for that expect
some footage formats but until next time
I'll do bee do bee bee bee oh that's
just that and that's at body type video
subscribe button but uh I think I said
it best what I just said so I'll say it
again goodbye
Jordan get over here buddy you over here
you're in the hot seat ok let's eat hot
you can get there sit down ok Oh what if
you had a dog what would you name him
Sparky
