warehouse winds did erich kunz look
how's it going hey good ah so we set up
this rollercoaster rail inside there
okay and we're gonna give you ten
minutes to to grind it and if you can do
it get twenty dollars so we set up this
rollercoaster hang in there baby girl oh
boy oh my gosh what happened how was it
it was just such a boring intro and then
I was like oh and then the food started
falling off your head and then put a
mani sandwich on my head I put bread
with same way that's like your worst
nightmare you really want it but the
fact that matter is the Eric Kendall's
gonna grind a rollercoaster rail we set
it up it is insane you have ten minutes
you can do it or you can warm up you can
you can call your mom whatever you do
that 10 minutes but if you land with
that within that 10 minute see at 20
bucks cuz I'm great yeah I think you got
it okay and if you fall I will drive you
to a hospital cuz this thing is nuts
Hey I mean it's if you do it it's not
nuts if you fall it's nuts you I'm
saying oh that sounds great that's like
much like every skateboarding trick how
are you by the way I'm great okay good
I'm good shoot are you ready for the
unveiling of the roller coaster I am it
is insane it is noting okay though the
craziest part is that you got to grind
up and then go down it but that's how a
roller coaster works oh how do you two
do tonight
what's your favorite coaster I don't
know that names a me yes alright okay
he's getting antsy dude get your stuff
watch out wanna stop watch just stop
watching yeah hey hey hey
hey it hasn't started yet chief are you
ready
ten minutes
ten minute
what would it feel like to sack on this
alright
he does not need ten minutes we failed
when it would predicting the time you're
on Facebook right now this is an icon
the rest we you know we should have made
a kickflip into it
keep a minute oh my gosh
wait something's wet that flash is like
wait that is the weirdest thing you
could have said about that it is yeah it
is is it just sweat whoa now we know
that it's dangerous how much time do we
have
he's just eight minutes in eight minutes
here's the freaking soccer stadium
watching him
that was scary
he's got it what was the point of view
of her front leg alright you have three
five minutes I want to see a second
angle and if you do I'll give you
something cool
Eric is low I get a cutting a
complimentary hand boarding trick to
just impress YouTube on the handrail
that's what yeah yeah ladies and
gentlemen Eric Kinsler ladies and
gentlemen Eric in slow again job well
done
thank you hey Brian pay the man what are
you here go buddy
I think go over here hey buddy I do it
for through we give me day forth what or
fourth rail listen for through yes all
right
hello okay who comes into a world
Wednesday and then makes an offer after
the fact what's y'all like he was like
it was a fourth rail he wants a deck yes
I will do that I just like your approach
to it
first ride where you just messing with
us when you're fallen on the three rails
I just really wanted another neck get
that Anna deck come on let's go you just
like hustled us dude he hustled us
inside out the new Doug it's a good deck
it's this way there's a lot of
skateboards like trapped in skateboards
right now isn't like there yeah your
board sizes up there nice thank you
of course grab it all right that's it
yes job well done my friend
that was much the craziest grind I've
seen go down to strikers and Brian Brian
Brian you're on the phone catch what
hammer do this here Wow it is my Wow
good job on catching it no problem I got
a good job on doubting me
I brought your bird didn't doubting
Brian it's not the first I caught your
camera Casey I'm so much taller than Sam
