it's Christmas you just killed Santa
good no not good that was yourself it
was Brian oh yeah now you feel bad great
look at this well sorry it's not alright
just kidding
it's warehouse Wednesday yeah the
Christmas episode is happy and I feel
like that's a really dark way to begin
the Christmas episode I'm just still
gonna have to wear a beard the entire
month of December yeah last year you
have a beard I do I have a beard that's
here for anyone who doesn't know watch
take over the world yeah yeah that's
frozen dude Lance it's let's turn it
it's nice to turn hey man hey man sir
good news is everyone you already won
okay so real fast why you could say this
actually couldn't you
you've got shoes last week and I said
yes but come in for a where else
Wednesday see you're 41 you've already
won don't do anything you already won
because it's Christmas week okay it's
just it's just a week of giving unless
your hammies a punched into
non-existence but he gets but you got to
get boat he can get more it could be
more Christmas time it can be so one
trick on the super long flat bar we have
in there this is your warm up and then
gives you two tricks up the handrail
yeah remember what wants anyone up the
rail you got to do it again it's like in
Mega Man where you have to fight all of
the bosses at the beginning of the stage
before you fight the ultimate boss and
then mr. challenge mystery challenge and
then I have no idea oh you have to do
the longest wall ride we've ever seen
the biggest wall ride in the world okay
you have to do that world record wall
ride we're setting records today and you
can warm up you can like you can like
get to a few Warren's to warm up so it's
kind of elongated there's no time limit
warm up to warm up if you do it and do
not get hurt you get a new three block
deck mmm
if you don't Brian is a singing he Merry
Christmas
nope not happening yes you do no I don't
I will move your mouth and edit it in
that's how it's gonna have okay yeah
deal deal they're Christmas Merry
Christmas
not yet but almost so I like that when
you threw a rock who did yeah somebody
throw a rock because if you ever want to
feel like you're not an adult you just
throw a rock
there go did it even go in nope how
about how people would skate outside
right now
oh it's called Southern California it's
freezing yeah we have the the new the
new rail he's done that different people
some people the whole thing was that the
five seen him do it was the first time
not the whole rail I saw him do the
whole rail earlier but I was insane it's
not even your episode boy this is our
new rail you just you've seen it you've
skated it you have to do one trick of
your choice on its warm-up okay do all
right make it good Bob Brian you gonna
wear a Santa hat the whole episode oh
snap oh
how long is this mail 21 feet one inch
and it's the smoothest grind literally
ever it the grinds feel like slides oh
my gosh good we did an epic name for
this rail
oh no we coach we call black jack black
that's the black jack
said it he landed like the rail was in
front of him as a leader that was good
he's younger and more agile than you I
feel like it was your phone it's not my
fault
Star Wars quote Lando and Hana
I'm gonna be honest with you and you and
and wherever he is that's how much
you're coming with me
no he's just two tricks he knew
everyone's Lance is the only person that
I would ask to do this as a warm-up
you are not messing around dude I
thought I was gonna do a force on a pity
pity that's right that was it
you did it nice dude it's a front board
up stuff is nuts
one more trick Lance
jeez that is
I mean he did go up everyone up and down
I'll give it I'll give that well I'd
imagine you would give that to him I
would give that to him that was good
hey me too high-five him twice and then
just do like a weird dance move for him
okay good Wow
so mystery time okay so this is just a
pure skateboarding walking away oh yeah
where is he going
okay so the next thing you do three
tricks maybe they can be anything you
set flat ground you get all we got to do
is move the bandana over your eyes and
do it the two three trees what okay he
didn't seem perturbed alright what why
would he go there you could can't see
you can't see down all right I want to
see it over the eyes
tie it tight you look like a bird I mean
you don't your bandana does this is a
terror line
can you what
okay there's no washing breech for
nothing was for you I didn't get that
there's no way that he can't see a
little bit
he's gotta be Elsie
did you know he almost killed me
that was good dude that's one the sky is
the limit as a mystery challenge so it
doesn't have to be amazing what were the
rules to a black ground no he's
thinking about this calculated he's
going for the hip house we're all right
that's more what I thought was gonna see
what he dropped in
that's pretty good that sounds so
terrified that doesn't sound terrifying
it seems like it be terrified on this he
literally said whatever I lock into okay
still impressive fine yeah I mean it's a
mystery town so I don't really care
yep he's done Joey again
he almost died ya need that quarterpipe
over there this is it
that's all right he probably will
so I don't think this is the biggest
wall ride but we can just say it is it's
so big yeah for this purpose really
actually just measure the flat bar but
well the same was to measure a skate
obstacle ten foot one inches ten foot
one is yes it looks bigger there's no
time
right because why because because
Christmas this doesn't even look like a
Santa hat it looks like you like you're
going to the Yukon and your hip forehead
need to be wore today star work that
that's a good response I think he's
gonna go
how did you do that that that good first
try hear you say fear yeah fear that's a
good-ass mom look at how close she was
to that
are you filming that yeah you think
it'll look good
that is how you celebrate Christmas that
was amazing
have we ever made him do that on my
channel wall right have you done this in
my video before no what
not your video oh hey surprise surprise
lands to the impressive where else
Wednesday oh yeah we're making fun of
how good you are
so yeah let's go again a skateboard says
you won round two of Christmas hey will
you please kick that what would three
block deck do you want the smell over
here and there's some over there and
then there's Earl he's getting less
cranky like being picked up
ya know he probably looks like he's
making out with you slobbered my lens
see you lows boom good net dude thank
you thank you yeah this guy always kills
it I'm gonna put his Instagram right
down the info you guys for watching if
you want to see more videos I do videos
here all the time so hit the subscribe
button right down below and you're
signed up to see more if you find a bell
on the page they'll notify you right
when I upload a video either way I hope
you guys have a great Christmas or
Hanukkah or whatever holiday you do or
do not celebrate just enjoy the end of
the year guess and brownies you want to
sing that song nope
now yourself my nephew as he watches all
your videos
hey Tanner Merry Christmas Tanner Merry
Christmas dude that's it right yeah
Tanner is awesome you should bring him
sometime yeah all right yeah we give you
these skateboards and you know to skate
you do that job
