Boban in time you came
awesome what do you wait he's in there
right it I'm pregnant a present what
kind of present what do you hope is in
there I don't know maybe a fasting wah
wah I don't think they're sour patch
kids in theirs I guess I don't know for
sure they're not we're gonna open this
up I know what's in there and you
probably do by the title but it is from
Dustin at etnies and I just want to say
thank you so much for sending this to
Ryden this is his first skate package
right yeah let's just go ahead and open
it up and find out what's inside are you
gonna open it up though what are you
gonna use I'll do
oh I'm just gonna haul cut open oh you
got a screw Yeti yeah like Hulk that was
pretty good we got to go in here alright
so how are we gonna break that they're
gonna use a stick unsurprisingly that
actually could work watch your hand
gonna hit it right here that was his
idea and he totally did that I'm proud
of you buddy alright what can I help a
little bit
I'm gonna use my foot oh alright go
crazy start open and pull stuff out oh
is this okay we are not in the kitchen I
shouldn't throw in the air
what is that buddy oh don't peel it now
we'll put that later maybe we can put
that on your board okay and ride and put
one on a shirt which it blends in
perfectly alright the big one let's see
what's in this box buddy what do you
think's in there klappa
sour patch kids still put open oh those
are skate shoes for you ah actually I'll
go for this one a bazooka
oh my gosh you got two pairs oh look out
look out there's look just like mine
yeah red and black and you got red and
black oh sorry I'm Neela rock red and
blue and black those are sharp buddy I
think I'm you know what you should skate
these and wear these okay Oh settle down
so down that is awesome buddy how about
we'll start with these to skate in we're
gonna go test these out and you can wear
those later on today and those might get
you some looks from toddler females
there's a sharp not if you get them
dirty put them back in the box
so yes Dustin over at knees was nice
enough to send hradny's which is awesome
and make skate shoes riding sighs he is
clearly excited but yeah so Dustin you
rule riding or what you gotta say -
Dustin don't say thank you that's good
that you love him little strong feelings
from though from the get-go I don't
think eat Baskin I like even thank you
for giving me tearing oh I was very nice
thank you
what do you say we put them on you and
go skateboard let's do it
these are awesome my gosh
just go get my staple I'm going to Navy
diver helmet let's go oh oh oh' to the
impact
there you go alright so we cut our skate
session shorts to go home and eat lunch
and take a nap but we just want to say
Dustin you're the dude thank you very
much for sending riding these we will
definitely get our use out of them right
the black rad these are the fader LS and
then these which is wearing are the
piranhas
so toddler Mehran is toddler fader LS
etnies is awesome they make shoes for
little guys if you have a little brother
or a son or you know a daughter you know
or a little sister definitely check them
out they're honestly they're
good-looking shoes if they even if they
don't skate they're really nice-looking
and the velcro is really convenient so
we love the product but that's it say
thanks Dustin
see you later YouTube thank dr. play-doh
is who I love you yeah you don't love
Dustin though yeah I love him tail yeah
you do
thank you and baby down baby down or you
a toddler or are you a top
you
oh my gosh what ridin all right come
here
clear look at this right here it's after
the outro what are we doing here we need
to get out of this we need to get out of
this video right oh okay you run that
way I'll run this way okay go yeah now
you are now an hour now
oh this way okay
