it is gorgeous outside if outside was a
female you probably your prom yeah what
do I say things like that alright so a
new type of video this is not a Q&A
video and we're walking down the thing
toward the rocks you guys think o Q&A
it's not a QA i'm going to read your
guys comments and respond to him bright
name is gonna hang out with me and film
it for me you guys like it you're gonna
tell us and if not you're probably tell
us you don't like it interesting concept
not that interesting people do it i'm
interested to read the comments i'm
intrigued because i obviously this is
good for me because i'm so busy that I
don't get to read every single comment
that comes in anymore so this is a good
way to address him I saw a condor over
there I did I saw a condor you know the
Condor looks like it's a bird it is a
burden is a bird this video recently of
just me skateboarding these could be
really funny oh you know what I got a
better one there's 22 reason ones so
this is on my video deadly 50 50 / huge
drop a nice rock okay 165 comments I'm
not gonna read all of them black ninja
says noise you know Andy this was all
amazing big up bro you know what I'm
gonna go to that was Palin that said
that thank you pound I'm gonna go to
newest because that's like the raw like
there's the top ones probably just got
to show bunch of no I didn't even know
you could sort him yeah you got to know
how to work YouTube dude that was at
downtown Cincinnati it was says
fingerboarding fun good stuff and II
didn't expect the rail at the end
Clinton Walker well thank you I actually
it's like the one rail that's where I
work so you should expect it maybe
didn't expect those tricks right is crap
out of here it is brand dude the sarin
euro says dude India's progressed so
much this is funny because i have in a
lot of different ways but it comes to
rails I've kind of D grest I used to
skate rails a lot more you like
progressed degress and progressed again
yeah like I I Prodi progressed yes I
exactly predict abreast that's what I
did that's a breast I think you did
yander 6 says gay crab gay crap like if
you're gonna doll me that's probably the
best way to do it I think it put a smile
on my face Jacob Phelps says try to tre
flip backside blunt that is never
happening like a backside blonde I can
do those yeah I would be able to three
flip noseblunt that amazing that could
work a three flip backside bluntslide
they'll be insane I want to say that
done somebody sent me to that super new
weezer says whoa getting tech kaif
upfront feeble was pretty nice thank you
that was the first time I'd ever done it
oh i remember this video then yeah it's
a montage our seven blues says darn
didn't know you were this good
thank you I think thank you now and I'm
not offended from in the past Aaron tim
says by the way Andy what happened to
the love park and I'll toradex those uh
you know may go away yeah there we go
away some of the some decks mites like
real life lines not going anywhere
that's cuz I our staple graphic but uh
like especially seasonal special decks
like that they're gonna go away so if
you like something that's happening
right now like the video game series by
Mike am I just like choked on ice tea
it's all over got it oh I know Daniel
ship it says Daniel shiver says loving
the compilation of aunty footage keep it
up brother and I did keep it up Daniel I
uploaded another one like two weeks
later like pour down like my cheek I
don't want to I got coughing you can I
be able to film this video I got it are
you survive doing alright Taylor belmar
says you don't get enough credit man you
killed it skating I need to find like a
bad skate video of me or something cuz I
feel like how much would be funnier but
to terrorism some gyms up yes the Taylor
thank you Jean Clinton says I hope Andy
schrock isn't pro well rest easy buddy
I'm not I hope you're not either also
why like what inspired you to watch a
video just be like you know what this
skating makes me wish they're not pro
John Clinton buddy Jeremy Korea says
pretty good GED tricks wish his style
STI le was better I was literally trying
to type like this boys your Styles
better too I was well you know what no
that's that's how it is yeah my mom I
might have the best style but I'm all
about like things looking natural like I
don't want to fake anything so I'm not
going to start like duct taping my legs
together so then I'll go opposite ways
what I do a trick but whatever no sorry
sorry to bum you out there probably be a
bunch of these style comments on your
Tony trans has kickflip back to the
backside 5050 on the handrail was so rad
thank you hi good you did it very well I
kinda as a really weird roll away but it
was so wrong it felt amazing i didn't
want to redo it i didn't want to like
made it it made it look bigger and
harder yeah i don't want to read redo
that moment it was good brendan taylor
not a big drop but nice what drop the
one in the fat the 50-50 oh yeah yeah
it's pretty big I didn't say it was the
biggest but I would say it's a big drop
like if I all like that that would put
that in a video part fun over easy says
you can tell Andy love skateboarding
that's why I will always support have
i've been here since we aren't avenged
seven thank God that means a lot fun no
seriously like comments like that keep
us going we love to hear it so thank you
we are enjoying what we're doing where
you keep doing it for you well just get
name
on over easy you're good guy phone
everyone over easy here's two peoples
making fun of my style damn casares says
he's really good but I wishes for most
better I'm sorry but I will forever
disappoint you on that because like i
said i'm not gonna fake my style Andy
wear a different color shirt than red
bro LMAO uh that would look ridiculous I
would look really done I wear a
different color button ups and hoodies
all time so there you go but I have a
red shirt underneath I'm not gonna tell
you why how'd you change my mind I like
your style a lot it has its moments but
it's a it has its matthew schmidt some
moments that it has it makes me enjoy
more yeah it's an acquired taste your
styles and a quarter diing able to watch
me skateboard privy OMG says Andy got a
weird skater style feel like an avril
lavigne song when they could when they
say like that never ends CH says Andy
you got balls man but think of your kid
next time you do that just kidding I
think of my kid always and I'm not
trying anything too dangerous like I
went to cruzi if I thought that I was
honestly gonna fall over the ledge I
would not I wouldn't have done it
Nicholas Mercier says yay yeah Andy
finally skating and there's like four
good tricks out of luck like it all the
time oh yeah what I'm sorry for failing
you on the other ones but I even on
YouTube I'm like at least like two or
three videos a week I've pretty sharp
skating in them yeah and so I don't know
maybe you're just missing the videos
buddy I'm sorry sorry that my tricks
aren't up to par I'm just the skating
here's a great one what his name is 1337
BR three AK and he says again another
misleading title and the video in the
title is literally the last trick in
like a one and a half minute montage or
something it's probably just somebody
wanting to complain and why if you're
really watching youtube videos worried
about the titles and you're on the wrong
website like turn on the TV if you want
to beak you know certain of what you're
watching but I definitely try to keep my
titles associated with what's going on
in the video at the same time at
attention-grabbing because this is my
part of my career and I want to do it
well so more views the better I can
support my family and I'm going to name
my my title 50 50 / a huge drop one it
really is DJ stain says there needs to
be a revived team video I'd buy it there
is it's called lips k die and it's on a
store if you want to check it out
gonzo says still got it thank you but I
try to I keep up with skating as much as
I can Nick Torres says Andy flip into
everything and I lately I've been trying
to I just lend my capable frontside
blunt which is kind of weird that I
haven't done that because it's like
definitely like a trick that I would do
drew dude TV says oh my gosh that was
sick I can barely do an ollie but
practice makes perfect and yeah dude you
got it just keep alling literally go out
and Ollie like it 50 times a day and
you'll get way better and then start
adding tricks to your collection as hell
and J skate to end it says that was
crazy you and your friends have such a
fun time shredding that's what it's all
about pushing yourself and I'm fun keep
it up Andy and we definitely will you
basically nailed it but we like
literally having a blast doing all the
stuff and nine times a ten we just kind
of turn on the camera act like idiots
and hope it comes out or something that
you guys would like that's exactly how
are ya there's there's some planning
involved but it's usually kind of just
yeah fun so that's it so there you go I
don't know how that came out if you do
like this let us know in the comments
will try to think of some different
types of videos we could do like maybe
get one that have more controversial
comments so you guys are entertained by
it maybe we can have Brian do one on a
recent warehouse Wednesday since he's
the host of that I like the concept of
this yeah well I hope you guys liking
someone to do it I hope they do do it
too we'll still do q and A's don't worry
about that but uh that is it we're gonna
go in to Casey put the camera his face
he's probably not afraid we're gonna do
something to him but we're not not gonna
do anything to him it's gonna scare him
it's a hundred percent gonna scare
necessarily in this video on it what's
up are you doing something what are
those
wait look wait look okay maybe you
should hit him
infamous Aaron Cairo carrot juice it
began what three months ago oh god it's
over a hundred days now yeah Aaron Cairo
dude don't get your juice Maggie after
you left it right here how do you think
as house looks here three month old
carrot juice into his house
you
