yeah go ahead poor Casey which at the
end of the day dude
warehouse Wednesday
finally you step in a puddle I subbed in
a deep puddle you're not Justin you guys
just turned the record button off when
you high-five anyways this week you have
one yes seven minutes to warm up because
five is no you got three tricks up the
witan and again three tricks on the box
to warm up okay and then magical happens
anyhow seven minutes to do how many
tricks on what 210 I'm Andrew didn't do
that and if you do Bryan's remember this
but you access is actually a revenge
episode the ten tricks with in seven
minutes
Bryan has a play guitar sing you are yes
you are so if you win it I don't know
what you're gonna get but we're gonna
give someone to be surprised the other
than you'll be like yeah I got a good
surprise we don't we don't act these
okay you're crazy
yeah I stepped in that who's gonna hit
me with what I am on guard let's see
what Bryan's sign here Ricky you or bill
can have my dog Brian Ames actually has
a dog too let's go alright hey Justin
the moniker yeah box it up three tricks
Brian your skateboard is in the way
it's pretty warm for just discharging
the boxes we've been skating for 600
degrees outside
that's good argument we need to come up
with something if he doesn't win he
should sing another song oh yeah okay
you gotta sing another song if you don't
win yeah that's it
maybe new wax but dude that thing is wax
you're done that thing is like ice now
you asked that like for like 20 strokes
it looks like you broke your foot to
kingdom come
like it was just like no no no let me go
drink let him get a drink first all
right
the time has come Bryan Ames you have
seven minutes ready to go and go you
have you have ten tricks to do my friend
take your time doing that board that was
a good idea near to caveman board though
you're getting like a freebie a
boardslide in a caiman board you're
excited one two
I'm gonna bonus for Brian that didn't
help enough what's the time we should've
made it five minutes oh my gosh that's
like the hardest one you could do five
tricks for to have minutes
he's done six six tricks plus the time
you got three minutes left
divaface
that is a scary trick a Trix it needs
two more two minutes and he has two
minutes it could go either way
switch boardslide with Justin lon occur
he's going back up the steps to try it
hair man seems to be placing the camera
in front of Casey's face don't really
like it that close Justin you can do
this it's got a minute one minute two
tricks you have this I believe in you
think that just signed your freedom
check it might have he's not running
fast enough to do this in time yep he's
got 12 seconds he can do this buzzers
one hand i funny yeah I thought he had
you 10 through 7 minutes that's Bob I
had it easier
he's still super snow in Landon why wait
you guys make it a deal and then what
back to back I'll do it I don't know
where you don't know where this
gentleman's rule is coming from but sure
you guys it's it's all on you did
this could be ridiculous that was pretty
amazing
yeah the switchboard irregular and how
he does it all fits me alright we're
cutting you off cuz that was a really
good backlit noble effort hey you are
sir
Jimmy ran up what I'm practicing this
day I'll have you boys ready and that
was good actually
hey yeah are we in the after look we're
in that for good yeah it's something so
this is new and rip just came out you're
the first person the new does come with
the look at it you're the first person
to skate the new hashtag am grip I get
all the stickers all the stickers I pop
them out for you though do not let this
fall my guitar my gosh
so you throw all those fairs you're
they're gonna be there forever now
no that one my laptop was a good idea
you have a laptop
