what's up guys we're gonna open up my
full video right in
do you sure the camera we're not
unboxing Star Wars here nobody we're
doing this we're doing this Oh view but
yes this is an unboxing video we I got
some new shoes from s and we're gonna
open them up and see what they sent me
and riding is here to act like right
what are you doing
you didn't take is he didn't take old
he's gonna take a lot is that Peter the
box where what Sally
that's alright you here YouTube didn't
you yeah I know YouTube's alright
alright so this is the massive box they
sent the shoes in I'm going to use my
keys what are you doing what are you
doing to eat you okay yeah that was good
I like that
oh my gosh hey congratulations s for
where you packaging this like a champion
like you ha you're right we usually do
Paul please don't I'll do it alright we
have locks I'm gonna sit on the floor is
post-op health
oh okay the footage is this says a
coffee mug inside so I'm guessing this
is amazing
turn your head whether this is from Don
or Kelly thank you you guys are the best
I cannot wait to see my coffee mug box 1
these are the Swift's black I've seen
these on Instagram I've not seen in real
life I'm very excited you know what
Brock Oh with the coffee mug oh my gosh
I hope that it was an S coffee mug but I
didn't know that it was you know I am so
hot as hell this is the most beautiful
box to exist
oh my gosh I'm drinking coffee Ida's
every day these are amazing I love the
shape of these these are like if I
designed to skate you this is probably
what it would look like so here it is I
love this extra like material texture
stuff they got down here and then it's a
really solid feeling shoe
it feels like it has a lot of support
jumping down stuff and it comes to the
right shoe to the left and the right all
in one box that's amazing oh I got a
stickers I didn't get any of my last box
no heck yes these are going on
skateboards and probably my child in
this video I'm gonna put a sticker on
space box too oh it's got a note handy
it says oh we're excited to get you the
new s shoe that we've been working on is
the ultimate skate shoe the Sessler will
be coming out in February 2016 but we
got some advanced samples for you to
ride oh this is awesome then it goes to
describe the shoes so this is like a
secret shoe that s has been working on
whoo looks sharp jeez it's really
lightweight but it like we don't know
what material ID is so here it is this
is the Sessler it's like kind of
Lamborghini looking this is awesome
super lightweight see how light that is
whoa yeah this light doesn't wasn't
expecting get a prototype of a new shoe
that is awesome so heck yeah thank you
so much for uh sending me this guys this
is amazing we'll do a video talking
about this and this is coming out it
said February 2016 I'm honored that is
awesome so you guys will hear more from
me on this but it's a sharp-looking shoe
it's got some like the second layer
material that I've never really seen
before in a skate shoe and it is the
lightest skate show I've ever felt in my
life so I'm intrigued to see how this
goes the sets love people you know you
know why they put these in bags red and
why so you can't throw them all over the
place left to clean them up my point
exactly didn't go everywhere I did it
box three oh my gosh moment I saw these
on Instagram I'm on s Instagram I fell
in love this is one of the best-looking
skate shoes ever look at this it's the
same thing as the black one of course
but it is dark red and it's very good
looking nice e skate shoes that look
this good I almost don't want to skate
him that's a thing about me I'm like I
just want to walk around this and
people be like man that guy's got some
awesome shoes on though I might skate
the black one and try to just wear this
before I skate it for a while you know
do the best of both worlds but here are
the black and dark red Swift's they are
very good-looking I love these these are
like my favorite shoe right now even
though I haven't skated it and this is
the prototype of the Sessler I make very
excited to try this out this is a wild
crazy light shoe it's it's definitely
intrigues me so I'm really excited to
test this out I would definitely do a
skate test with both these shoes so
watch out for those and then we got some
s stickers I'm really psyched and then
you can't forget mine s coffee mug
should we give away for some free stuff
yes this giveaway time really what I'm
gonna do is I'm very very thankful that
what s does for me and the guys running
it are awesome Dom Brown carry hearts
guys are awesome I completely appreciate
what you guys do so nice to see such a
big long-term company ran by really down
to earth good dudes so what I'm doing is
I'm going to give you guys a chance to
win a pair of s shoes and a revised
scape okay what you've got to do is you
have to either own an S product or go
buy an S product can be a t-shirt and be
a pair of shoes you know it can be a
beanie like whatever just post a picture
of yourself on Instagram and say I wear
s okay the hashtag I wear s right here
and in five days I'm going to pick two
winners one to wear the shoes one to win
the the skateboard and actually I'll do
3 because 2 is a boring number I pick
and then I'll do a runner up of force
wheels too so this is a revive force and
s giveaway right now ok if you win the
shoes I'm basically contact you and you
can pick what uh what's model and size
you want and I'll order it from an
online skate shop and have them send it
to you and then the skateboard in the
wheels I can send right to you guys so
it's basically you know upload a picture
of yourself wearing some s gear with the
hashtag I wear s and you're entered if
you are younger than 18
make sure your pairs so you're entering
because you have
your address if you win you can win
anywhere in the world I'm pretty sure
maybe with the shoes that might be weird
but we'll figure it out if you win in
your international and that's hard but
there you guys go you have five days and
I'll announce the winner on my Instagram
oh and one more thing you have to follow
us on Instagram so there @s
skateboarding on Instagram follow them
and then I'll blow your picture and then
you're entered if any of that is
confusing I'll put it all down in text
below the videos yes so thank us thank
you down brown Thank You Kelly art you
guys rule
and thank you guys for watching this I
hope you guys dug it I cannot wait to
skate these shoes and drink this coffee
s stickers everywhere what are you doing
kid oh wow why me because I won again
you know what's the best thing about
this is that you get to clean them up
bath
I love you love you I love you
