a day-in-the-life 35 it is happening
right now and it is 7:30 a.m. so nothing
really should be happening right now but
this is this is happening it's starting
as are my day by getting a coffee and a
breakfast sandwich and I'm going to do
that except I'm going to do it at a
different coffee shop try to switch
things up a bit
but I look really tired I'm sorry okay I
look like a turtle got punched in the
face which is a sad thing to imagine but
either way let's we'll start driving
and hey I'll do the Gouda and bacon
sandwich - all right so this right here
is why you do not switch up coffee shops
I do not like hot coffee I prefer not to
drink it I would go for a nice coffee
even if it's like 50 degrees below zero
so I messed up I'm an idiot I'm gonna
give that to Friday so then we go to the
coffee shop I usually go to and get the
coffee that I that I want I didn't get
my right breakfast sandwich though
that's good
boom now this is more like it
it's the worst thing about hot coffees
they gotta wait to drink it and then I'm
not a family and I wanted to drink my
drink I bought my drink I want to drink
it
and we are here and I just dropped that
alright I'm here before Ryan Ames a
miracle because I hit traffic and
construction I thought I was gonna be
super late but uh I'm gonna drop his
coffee off in his office and then I'm
gonna get to work cuz I'm on here for
like two hours I'm taking like a really
short day so I can go to the pool with
Rhydon which will be fun Oh hide not Bry
names here is your coffee and here's my
office but it's under construction it's
gonna look awesome one day I might come
back later tonight you work on this I
don't know we'll see if you get to find
out in this video because that's what we
do it is we spend a whole day with me
come on trash they had a garbage can for
you oh that's got a cool coming in here
because you get to find out what people
skated the night before if someone's
skating here and that looks weird
whoa alright somebody gets straight to
orders owned and operates four five
skateboards along with Bryan Ames and
force wheels so I got a hand
personalized some packing slips for you
people that ordered orders within the
last 24 hours
but first I'm gonna bounce this wheel
off the wall and catch it and hope it
doesn't hit me in the face I don't see
you with face Wow okay I didn't catch
either this is how it's gonna happen I'm
gonna jam some music in the second I get
into a song Bryan's gonna walk through
the door and he's gonna roll over and
start talking yeah that's how every
morning goes
hurry this morning good I'll call for
you no gonna skateboard 2:30
pshaw Park like three congratulations
Brian you receive the 8:30 a.m. skate
challenge remember that what that one
time five dressed like a disaster man
you yeah sure call whatever you want a
tornado man you do that
I just pop shuvit at that ah he wouldn't
be on the five tries but he did it get
to work that's really hard
where's Kate you don't get it can you do
but you know alright so the small time I
have here this morning is to be flying
away fast so I've got our fill at these
packets of quickly and there's a hundred
of them so we'll see how this goes
Michael Rutledge is an awesome guy okay
frankly if you have a problem talk to
him he'll listen to you jido Perry I
love that shirt frankly if you're not
wearing a shirt this is awkward
Taylor Lango hoarder and yeah I'm so
psyched on Taylor I'm gonna sing a song
about
comes down
that is little girl I got onto the next
packing slip vein McCall kind of mean
what you did Batman but you spell your
name with a why so maybe maybe you're
not the real bane I don't know I'm like
you going Nick Summers has a date
tonight with a red tie dye emblem team
okay so I've got to take a break from
doing orders which sucks because I don't
have a lot of time to take a business
phone call there's some project somebody
wants me to get involved with and
they're calling me about it so remember
is I'm gonna retreat to my office for
now she kind of felt like skating hey
Brian and now I'm sitting in like the
flying light okay welcome to heaven
you didn't know that it was an office in
Cincinnati Ohio we're relatable yeah
absolutely
or something did anything else for me in
the meantime you know just just give me
a ring or email it out I'll get back to
you all right so phone call done I gotta
get right back to orders that was a
pretty cool it was
I can't wrote I probably shouldn't talk
about it but if it goes through it might
be a fun project so we'll see where that
goes
I want my keys I've been excited about
my keys no Brian Eames interrupt me in
the middle of calls I'm gonna go see
what he wants
hi what do you want but I'll just say
that video that you didn't run yeah
ribbon again yeah well that's what
happened yesterday
all right so back to orders Nathan
Foster thank you for ordering something
from us I am done with warehouse work I
am going to go do some errands and then
go have lunch meet up with Rhydon
brownies yes I will see you at eshop
Park at about 2:30 okay to skateboard
okay brian chambers thank you for
helping out here as you always do
but let's demonstrate how it gentleman
the jedis a cup to himself
come on along skateboard hey man dude
would you like a drink okay apparently
that's really easy we just did that
twice in a row goodbye Brian chambers
all right so now it's off to Best Buy
because revived is buying a GoPro which
I actually need to use today so that's
good
I actually it's funny enough I've been
talking to GoPro and I think they're
sending me some stuff but I need it
today so I was like Brian we should just
have over five GoPro so we're gonna like
have it and hand it to the team and have
everyone film random stuff for Instagram
so that's pretty cool so let's go buy
that right now all right I'm here at
Best Buy I'm gonna step outside
all right I'm outside at Best Buy now
you're not coming with me but I'm gonna
return in 10 minutes with a GoPro and
things that go with a GoPro boom
built-in back displays so the guys on
the team can look at what they're
filming so there we go
GoPro done now I'm gonna grab support
late for lunch that's the only thing I
eat and Dana life sister bullet
I'm home all right so I'm home I need to
bust this open and charge it while I eat
lunch and riding should be here any
second he's with the babysitter they're
out doing something right now
and he's gonna be back then I got beat
him get him ready cuz we're gonna go to
the pool and a half amusment park half
big pool toward Coney Island success
charging and riding this home riding
buddy right ed are you nerf gunning
YouTube that's not nice I'm gonna say
sorry for near from yeah no yeah you're
80 some food what is dating life so what
you think we're gonna eat we are going
to eat Chipotle we never eat McDonald's
look at this feast yeah very excited for
it hey you eat you're his new at the
same time alright take a bite ready oh
he's a horse this is clearly a cow
ribbit I gotta get ready I'm gonna swim
and shoot myself up how many got blue so
I'm gonna look like Captain America and
then I gotta get riding this bag ready
and him in a swimsuit - boom Here I am
am i embarrassing Captain America swim
attire
alright bags packed you are in your Star
Wars swimsuit are you ready to go to the
pool we do love each other you're my son
buddy
we're gonna set my camera down and
switch over to the GoPro which is my
first time using it hopefully this goes
well right it is so crowded today I mean
this place is usually crowded it is
crowded so is how you can swim
who died died
all right we believe it's gonna come up
say bye to YouTube for now Bob I eat you
for now right now now it is - beach bum
Park this game with brand names and I
skate Bishan Park all the time and
really well recently in a lot of videos
so I'm sorry but it's close by it's my
Park
they're all right beach ball park and i
am in my captain Merrick outfit still so
I have to go change this is way better
and I'm gonna make Brian try a pop show
pity fit you used to do these back of
the day you try it the first try
oh my gosh you got a little casual that
was great
I filmed that like the laziest dude in
the whole world oh my god that was for
you
you're watching day in the life 35 34
935 you're right
how's the weird
I could watch you do those for at least
five minutes a day oh no I can do it all
day hey just shits out pop work
driver and news c buddy go drink water I
will do that favourite building I'm
sorry for dominating your skate session
alright session over so it's fun I felt
an extra video with Jordan so that'll be
up my channel someone I need to tighten
my instructor because this front blunt
and that line was sloppy guide fun and
that is what matters
session over all right so skating is
done I'm going to go meet up with family
it is family time commence commence that
hey you you want me to show you how a
mop works just like this just like that
right in the mop baseball time over then
the movies you know Darth Vader just ran
away screaming I win
yeah we are going to Pirates Cove it's a
restaurant isn't it
alright so the cool thing about this
restaurant is that it's actually on the
Ohio River the high river's not that
magnificent of a thing but the fact that
it's on the water is kind of cool
because you don't really see water too
much here and this guy fell asleep
anybody time to wake up for dinner love
you well least you're awake enough to
say that I think I think you said I love
you too Alicia said yeah yeah a child
just woke up got her mom feeling hard
not to hold this thing and not feel like
time awesome
grilled cheese done right you're a rock
star rock star deep feel cheese look at
all these chickens back to Mama's house
we are back in my balls what do you mean
do you know what's next
hey Beth it's not as exciting is it yeah
okay I'm gonna take all your ice cream
yeah you're just getting the bath I'll
take your ice cream are you sure you
really want to eat it all all right
whatever she's right we smell like a
thousand roses fell through potpourri
basket well I gotta go to my office
buddy goodness yeah oh I'm gonna miss
you too but you're gonna go to bed
and I will see you tomorrow okay bye you
guys
I'll be back home I'll see you later
yep
oh hello office alright so I have so
much on my plate in the whole life thing
right now that I often have to work at
night here building my desk has been
going really really slow I've been
building over the course of a month so
I'm gonna try to get some work done on
that I'll probably skate a little bit
and then call it a night
so that's what's happening right now
got a drawer I have a drawer so this is
what I got done I assembled for those
two but I'm gonna skate like 20 minutes
and then call it a night because
starters will tired skating platform
enormous shirt on don't panic you do
but I'm gonna call it quits there guys
I'm literally only Skinner for 15
minutes I got to get home I got a video
and then I get his sleep because I got
to be here like 7:00 a.m. tomorrow so
hope you guys dougie dating life 35 I'll
be back in a day and laughs 36 but I do
daily videos so I'll see you tomorrow
really and that's it I'm sorry ridings
I'm here to take you out that's the best
way to end these but I will have to do
this huh and I'm gonna punch you guys
into the outro
that is a big fish ridin he's a big dude
he tried to eat that cigarette what a
dummy
