YouTube what is up guys ridin do you
know what day what video this is right
now no it is not turbo to attend that's
our other channel but we are doing a toy
video because you guys have been asking
a lot for a fingerboarding video and
riding what do we have yes look at this
ok I thought this was new but like as I
shake it it kind of sounds like it's not
new it is taped but somebody could
easily have taped it either way it's old
all right look at this this is a box
this is like from the first generation
of fingerboard toys from tech tech I
think because we look on the back all
these things think these are the other
ramps they want you do have that because
I gave it to you because when I was a
little dude I had it yeah so I remember
seeing this stuff for the first time
when they made ramps and I have never
seen this and frankly I don't know how
possible it is because I feel like you
definitely break your wrist to do it but
what we're gonna do is we're gonna get
it out and we're gonna mess with it and
we'll make a fake morning video if we
can't really do much for this we'll just
get out the other finger more stuff and
we'll do some tricks for you guys I
don't know that I think you could do but
I can't whatever we'll see get open this
is really tape there's tape on three
sides what you have a bandaid on your
hand again at at school unlike my
assembler 3 why was it bleeding it's
just started bleeding yeah you got bit
by ghost maybe this is brand new yeah
brand new Matt just sounded shaky core
pipe we have a very skinny drop in here
the loot pieces and you make it full
pipe there you go you can make a half
pipe maybe that's too reckless yeah
let's do each other let's go a spine
actually OD hot because you have a
sticker on your head if all else fails
this is awesome because it's got metal
coping and stuff but let's put the see
that's exactly where that goes you
probably need Jake just click it I think
on the biggest part of night we've got a
loop my face Carroll fit in there
no way what do really oh you can wear it
as a hat yeah you got you got a finger
burn Loompas ahead this thing is almost
complete what is your favorite Avenger
my favorite groups well you beat a
venture I mean he'll be in the new one
got it putting this here it is fair it
is there's the drop in there's the loop
there's quarter pipe there's Ryan's face
there he's getting tickled don't fall
down what was that you're doing karate
on my net why okay you're legit beating
me up now we're gonna pick our
fingerboard ride which one you want
which one do you want I want to do a
really basic technique did you eat the
grip tape all right this one feels good
all right hey you want to loop try it
you got don't you start right there I'm
gonna drop in
I don't think somebody would drop in
here and just not hit this ramp yeah oh
so you do kind of break your wrist to do
it don't you
I want to do a really good trick
well okay talk about it and jump and
then jump and then have this like seal
and they go in and then again you're
dancing giggling Wow okay try that
sounds like something Spencer and
literally do I'm an alien but I like to
do it like Chad I don't know why hey
good yeah oh my gosh oh geez
you just fell awful like a two-story
thing oh my god exactly as planned right
I take yeah you're still yeah do your
arm looks broken they're getting good at
the loop do it again
that was so smooth to noseblunt again
yeah I'm proud of you
I honest these anything's gonna be
possible and you did did you do it
left-handed or right now
oh you do it switch okay can we switch
spots I'm really a pencil
oh we're gonna just send him that clip
all right gonna drop in switch oh how do
you do that all right all right I'm
gonna try again I'm just gonna drop in
oh I don't know how all right i'ma drop
in switching dude that is your arm it
has to because his arm is smaller but
that is really hard dude dude dude I
like legitimately need the sticky grip
tape for this this is hard what dude
tell so how about this watch Oh what do
that see I'm doing oh all right ready I
think the crack that should never be a
track on the Louvre you would die
yes I'm excited about that one because
that kind of felt like I was actually
landing a trick oh I got that one I can
do that
right I'm going to switch take kickflip
in okay don't be that close oh oh sorry
beam right here
oh my gosh
that was it yeah thanks dude chick flick
Wow see it Oh more slide and your way
how would that happen oh my gosh okay
what planet are you skateboarding on
well you're an alien good job all right
we're gonna do the Box now just a few
tricks so riding you do it for trick
first okay let's see what you got you
fell down come on you got this dude
Oh five-o
I'm gonna a little the whole block all
right let's see it
let me get the big angle whoa
first try he did his first try er what
are you doing now you'd like cleared
like the whole table yeah I'm gonna do
some fakie flip go slides and grinds you
turned it upside down dude your head is
like perfectly in the loop I can't do
this why the boardslide you did the
invert it you did the upside-down loop
like The Strangers thing loop oh my gosh
that was so hard to do walk and look
what ridings got going on you've been
like why here's the keyboards in there
there's finger boards in there all right
we're going three foot knows right
I hope the back wheel didn't touch
because that's the hard thing about this
that was good one good sorry right now
did a few tricks what have you been
doing the cops know if they can say
pizza who's in jail kids kids well there
you guys go
that was the loop I think ridin is
honestly better at it than me way better
because his wrist is it works his arm
twists I don't know but it's a cool set
I would still prefer just a basic rail
or box but if you definitely want
extravagant fingerboarding things if you
could find this on ebay I was I ordered
it for like 20 bucks I think I don't
know you wanna food for a hundred no I
did not how would you know what I what I
hate I think you are Bob no no I
literally think I paid 20 bucks for it
but I hope you guys dug that we actually
have a channel where we do two videos
like twice a week on turbo toy time
we'll put it right in the info if you
want to check it out and we occasionally
do fingerboarding on there but we have
fun doing it I hope you guys like this
tomorrow I have another warehouse
Wednesday so stay tuned for that and
more videos all the time so yeah but
this video goes up on Tuesday so that
there tomorrow is Wednesday
so if you want to see more videos from
me I do a lot of lifestyle stuff I do
videos with him like once a week
sometimes you're in other ones but a lot
of skateboarding a lot of fun here this
was right button right down below the
video and you're starting to see more
for free if you want to stay notified to
know what I upload videos hit the bell
button it if you can find it down there
and then that's it we're gonna go have a
fun night right there's no more stickers
left no I know but okay well you guys
have a good day go skateboard you can
what are you doing why okay
why do you want to do that that is not
gonna feel good you want to rip it off
you gonna Pat it down there now rip it
off yo Pat it yeah you got to rip it off
like from a hand okay no never
