Oh
oh I'm gonna go out on a limb here now
I'm gonna go out on a whole tree and say
that but none of you can relate to that
fault unless your carrots watching this
okay because not the average
skateboarders like you know what I'm
gonna cry this handrail that is equal to
the height of like a three-story
building I mean from the ground to the
top of the rail it's it's massive
seriously how many people keep watch
this to me like oh I hate when that
happens but I just roll up to a seven
kink handrail and try to grind it and
then fall on everything nobody can okay
so frankly you're probably watching this
video feeling alienated and that's not
what people want in the corporate world
I'm fine with it you can be an alien but
understand I can't relate to it because
I will never try a seven kink handrail I
mean it takes a special person to jump
on a rail that massive and he the fact
that he got down that far is impressive
but at that moment where his board
slipped out and his Lizzy was just like
floating there that one right there
it was not good and for what it was he
actually played it off very well like
the whole front flip to land on back and
roll thing is like the best-case
scenario where he gonna rode down the
rail on his testicles then onto his face
and then slid on his face into the
parking lot if that does not happen
because Garrett Jenner is an acrobat
apparently I'm not sure how he was
walking because he actually broke his
pelvis from this fall at least that is
what Garrett told me at one point it
just walks away I feel like if you broke
your pelvis you should be like zambian
away just with your hands like paddling
across the freaking parking lot what
crying no Garrett just kind of walks
away like stumbling like yeah that's
right I just broke my wiener and
everything around it but I'm walking I'm
just gonna walk around but aside from
this the sheer craziness of Garrett
actually trying it just the size alone
of this handrail boggles my mind I feel
like I could have had a conversation
with Garrett while he was grinding it
hey Garrett hey man how's it look up
there man oh it's looking good up here
I'm stopped
you got it dude I got it I'm gonna let
it yeah yeah yeah stick it oh oh you
fell on your face and broke your pelvis
that sucks that sucks I'm kidding it's
actually super serious that he broke his
pelvis but the fact that I know
Garrett's fine and he recovered and he's
back to skating and destroying skate
spots I'm fine with it I kind of saw
this footage like after it happened like
I'm out have known him when that
happened I would have been afraid I've
been at his house like do could I get
you anything like you want some
Triscuits and cheese because those
usually help everything but tape but
Garrett is tough as nails no he's not
tough as nails
is like the hardware store and okay he's
tough as the hardware section in target
okay and that might sound goofy but it's
something to be proud of okay because
that's a lot of hardware in there and
Garrett stuff has it but for all you non
skateboarders just to respect the sheer
insanity that this handrail is I'm gonna
try to find a way to relate this to like
non skateboarding life okay it's kind of
like going to Taco Bell and saying what
I want I'll have 30 tacos and eating
them all okay that's what that's like
you eat that are you talking to talk
about you probably can't okay
Garrett metaphorically could it's like
going out to get a pet okay with your
girlfriend or a boyfriend or whatever
you got then saying like you know what
should we get a kitten you get puppy and
then you get ten puppies you can't take
care of those kay Garrett would be
walking them around the block with his
pinky alright all of the leashes on his
pinky and he'd be yawning he'd be so
bored that is how amazing this is okay
so that hand ro is as good as taking
care of ten puppies with your pinky that
was a tongue twister that was hard to
say you can you agree but yes that is
Garrett I could go on talking about how
awesome Garrett is for a while but I'm
just going to show you some of the skate
footage and I will include a rail that
proves that he can grind some King two
rails out there it's massive watch it
what am I getting stuck on hi I'm back I
hope you guys liked that footage yes
that's Garrett Jenner he has an amazing
YouTube channel so you need to check it
out it's in the info and it's gonna be
at the end of this video head over there
and watch the full street part that this
is from and some of the clips you saw it
is very very good the subscribe dome
you're like what you see and he's a good
dude if you meet him in real life shake
his hand pat him on the back
don't do both though that'd be weird
though the guy's like this this is fall
Friday I do these every other Friday I
feature different falls sometimes it's
goofy sometimes it's brutal like this
one but I hope you guys dug it too I'll
be back I do daily videos so you'll see
me tomorrow either way if you're not sub
to me do so and then you'll see me
tomorrow there's a button somewhere
around there I don't know but I'm gonna
go Casey you want to play a empty Cup
deflection okay no no time you deflect
it throw it at me that wasn't that bad
but I couldn't see in the camera though
here throw that water bottle on me yeah
I know my jaw is sore Katie you get me
in the job I'm proud of you that was
good
what's your blue eyes
