Casey box me it's built didn't skate
test time I have a brand new pair of s
shoes right here and you guys picked
this out actually I did an unboxing
video like I told you guys to pick one
of the three shoes that RC from s and
you guys voted for the excels squares or
SQ whatever you would call it i say
square so i'm gonna show you what they
look like talk about them and then let's
see how well i skate in them for the
first session this is it this is the
shoe okay it's a thinner profile shoe
that i normally skate I've been skating
the exhales limbs and those are perfect
they're like the perfect amount of like
feel your board but at the same time
they have some cushion to them you know
this feels a little thinner so hopefully
it'll help me with my for the tricks be
a little more precise I don't know I've
never skated this like the very first
navy blue shoe I've skated ever but yeah
we got the gum sole the bottom is really
sharp it's kind of funny though because
these are the pair that I didn't want
you guys to pick because these look nice
and I want to just wear them around so
maybe I got another pair of these for
wearing I don't know but I'm gonna skate
them for you today yeah like I said it
feels good thinners shoe but it is very
nicely put together and very sharp
looking so let's see how it skates but I
put them on I guess you're gonna watch
that that might be weird but uh I'm
gonna put one we'll see how this
skateboard arm so Casey
alfe camera just told me that he has the
shoes how do they skate and he was like
I don't know I just wear him exactly
what I wanted to do like the blue ones
better that but my you guys picked it
I'm gonna honor what your wish there's a
sticker in here the Casey wants me to
take off but I'm not gonna do it I'm
gonna skate with a sticker you suck
something fell in this game or if I lose
screen it is comfortable is a
comfortable shoe and this is what it
looks like putting the second shoe on ah
that was a natural scream cuz it like
pinched my finger a little bit person
was fake I'll be I'll be honest with
that dude they feel like I'm wrapping my
foot in like a down blanket it feels
like maybe like a carpet but I'm
wrapping carpet around my foot like it's
just like so soft and cushiony for how
small this shoe is these feel really
cushiony super navy blue
well it comfortable s is a master of
comfort my ever-ever es para put honors
like I'm going to come with some stupid
metaphor they're awesome they're
comfortable is what I'm trying to say
so another comfortable let's get to
actually doing tricks I'll give myself
like 20 minutes and we'll see how many
tricks I can do I still happen with the
Excel Slim's I'd like the best kickflip
ever I'm in British nose for you
oh good
those probably weren't good enough
the last like 18 min fine
all right I went on for longer than 20
minutes because I keep uppity to shove
whatever I did took me a little while
but hi called me impressed
this came out really well like I skated
for a while I did a lot of kickflip
snorts trying that and the gum there's a
little bit scuffing but the material has
not been touched the laces are
completely ran no if I could still wear
this out so heck yeah surprising I
usually just think like lots of little
or shoes you know is that weird nope but
uh this is one tough little shoe this is
like the money of Falcon shoes right
here two thumbs up you saw what I did
first time without being used to this
shoe I've never I haven't even been used
to this type of shoe this low-profile
type thing as far as field goes
definitely ten oh my gosh I am not
seeing I try to just a couple of capable
for up crooks I went like right in there
this shoe feels very comfortable
immediately forefoot tricks I wouldn't
suggest it if all you do is skate big
stuff because it isn't like it's a
smaller profile shoe so your feet are
bound Hill bruise is easier in this for
the size of it it does cushion your feet
well but I would say its strength is
tech tech hurry kickflip in keep about
manuals all that stuff it feels really
nice oh I'm really impressed go to your
local skate shop but they don't carry
ass ask them to but if you see this on
the shelves it will not be bummed if you
you pick it up so it is hot out it's
like 90 so it's so hot and I know
everybody that lives hotter and think
that's nothing but it's still hot I've
been in 110 degrees skating before
that's hot right now it's hot here so
that's the end let's go get Thomas to
say something funny and let's go come on
you have just received a free chicken
dinner what is the first video game that
you would play chicken run for
PlayStation 1 is that a real game I
don't know what he
is it a real game chicken run based off
the movie obviously that is adorable
as far as like around your foot goes you
know it's like I feel like you're like
your foot is inside like a sheep's that
could go so wrong I'll stop it
this guy right here I just want to thank
for filming me he's got to hurt it used
to be back at now I think he has a hurt
leg I don't know you're you are a broken
thing and you filmed me today I
appreciate it this channel is write down
the info check it out
do you a face
