warehouse Wednesday tricked or treated
not treated I think that door is just
staying open long time you to be
treating me and Thomas is wandering
behind him yeah no I like to view them
as bonus that is an awesome poster
promise what's up teeny but today you
have a chance to win this poster and ten
dollars that works so you guys don't
know this poster is no this is this is
Thomas versus teeny okay it's a duel
between skateboarders so you guys don't
have a minute to warm up to win this
Donkey Kong poster I really want that
after that you're have ten minutes you
have to do a trick off of the the winter
up in there the best trick contest
you're 10 minutes late flip best trick
is wait would it make sense for you guys
because you guys are very good at that I
was adjust that but whoever we deem
don't bend it don't bend it don't beg
wind is bending itself we're both gonna
do the same leaflet there you know
whoever did it cleaner than or better so
Andy not will make the decision in the
winter just ten bucks this buzzer okay
are you scared are you nervous you have
a Gatorade how how's your horoscope
that's not your water you have an
advantage though he's already done that
trick off that kicker I haven't well you
know what what I want I woke up one time
and the moon was out alright oh my gosh
oh my god Casey hey look what's in your
freaking car you weren't supposed to
take the cooler hey I would like to say
that this is thanks to Michael he
brought that in the other day and I'm
like that's the where else Wednesday
from now that you're listening but you
have one minute to warm up what was that
okay look how you look how you are right
now bites better now
tell me why
this is this warm house going horrible
it really is Oh Tommy
good else which I'm very good I'm very
switch yes we spit out these warm up
times we haven't been timing it so two
more tries each 30 seconds whew Chuck
stop right there stop moving Thomas come
out of the box time out of the forest of
cardboard get over here I wanna see your
faces that was pretty good we good yeah
Wow
that little white rib right there and
you have ten minutes to do the best
trick we will decide and go now all
right go go go time tax come
and beam is going switch
that was switch held back-to-back that
was back-to-back it's been a minute in
ten seconds ooh that was it what is it
Thomas just tried a nollie bigspin late
pareo flip I think I think I don't even
know what you saw happen are you trying
to do that but I'm gonna do they go oh
that went triple everyone I motivate
people to land tricks offer them a
Donkey Kong poster do you think possible
oh there is you here silly woman Hugh
Jackman oh that was so good I'm gonna
call the trophy store because you landed
it oh my god this warehouse was there
was the best idea ever
this is insane how are we going to
decide those are both amazing there's
three minutes left harnessing some
Johnny Mack Hill Lake Club though that's
going in slow motion
well that's your only slow motion about
a minute buddy
one trucking I'm try age ah
Briggs goes Wolverines cousin Brian you
stand on your podium of gloriousness
okay okay you guys both did awesome
smiles should be upon your faces in your
children's faces and then their pets and
that little rainbow behind us too
you guys did so good it was really hard
to pick it really was
I'm calling it a time we're calling it a
time I agree so you get ten bucks each
and then you guys got to put the posters
your hands and there's your hat buddy
there you go and these better be on your
walls oh my where I want to see Facebook
pictures here you've missed a piece we
have to do another best trick I get
princess and tickle donkey so you dude
it's totally a total you can share all
right that's what's up congratulations I
did high-fives and I got sweaty fists I
don't want to redo it I really don't his
sweaty
so many people are bummed you ripped up
it was a $2.00 Co swear I'll get you
another one yeah toasters for everybody
whoa I just changed no it just got
really dark in here
