youtube what's up guys so yes it's one
of those videos where I'm walking around
talking about something serious ish in
nature I mean honestly like a Disney
movie could erupt at any moment any time
any place not any place here because I'm
in nature but whatever you get what I'm
saying stick don't you start ok I just
snapped that like a twig because it was
a twig what I'm talking about is hate
I've never addressed hate comments
really on my channel I mean I've done
skits based on hate comments because I
was kind of funny but I'm I really
talked about it and there's a good
reason why I haven't talked about it but
I'm talking about it for your benefit
and right now on this video so you see
hate comments everywhere the Internet is
a great place for people just to sit at
their chair and type mean things to
people for whatever reason I'm sure what
humans are an interesting thing they're
interesting creature you know like
that's why people sit around gossip
about all the bad things happening to
other people it's basically the news and
a nutshell but seriously like it's
something in our brains think it's
entertaining to talk trash on people
like you know not everybody like none
most people don't like to sit and talk
trash by people but you do see it mildly
even if it's just like sort of gossip
amongst people it's just something in
our brains okay and some people take
that to a new level where it's like I am
going to try to hurt people's feelings
because that does something for them
it's a super weird concept because my
view on life is like you know what I'm
gonna be worried about me I really do
not care what you have going on that I
don't agree with you know if you want my
opinion sure i'll give it to you but I
still respect you as a person you know
hopefully you respect me and to each his
own unless it gets more detailed like if
you're a close friend you're doing
something that I need to like step in
and say you're hurting yourself that's
something different but I'm not gonna
sit here and just talk trash hurt
feelings is my point behind all of this
a lot of people don't get that is ok to
have different opinions than everyone
else like I wear red shirts Jimmy
doesn't like red he wears blue shirts
Jimmy and I could still hang out it
works ok we could actually still be
friends but some people feel like they
have to just blast their opinion in your
face in a mean way and there's a
difference between like saying hey I
think this and hey I'm gonna punch this
in your face with words okay in your
brain your brains just got punched with
the word it I didn't make sense but that
being said as much as all of that makes
sense it's not gonna stop people from
trying to like just actually hurt you to
the core on the internet people like to
say the meanest things the world like
I've seen some of the things that I've I
saw someone say that to someone in
public I would step in and be like I
kind of want to punch you right now I'm
probably not gonna punch you right now
unless you're like threatening somebody
but I kind of want to because rude
people come on
like seriously like what does that do
for you so I'm trying to say is that you
have to ignore the hate comments okay
it's weird because you can get 10
comments or like I don't mean like
necessarily YouTube comments but take it
is that way if you want to but you get
10 nice things said about you and then
one person comes out and makes fun of
your nose and you're like oh my gosh my
nose just heard about how awesome your
ears where but your nose sucks and that
one comment about your nose is gonna get
to you it's just human instinct it's
just the way we work okay negative
comments get twist I grab us and they're
like oh I just make grunting noises cuz
you're no sucks but the important thing
to remember about that is that you
literally had ten other people say nice
things about you and it's it's funny
that those kind of just I mean the mean
a lot you know it's awesome to get nice
comments but those don't hit you as much
as the negative ones do so what I'm
saying in life this is going to happen
across the board or gonna have that one
co-worker that just sucks that you want
to trip and they're gonna have a lot of
nice people like cost you all the nice
people ignore the hate seriously like it
does not hurt you at all if people are
hating on you it's fine like it's
literally fine just ignore them and get
on with it and you cash out on the
positive stuff it's gonna work out for
you I know this is like the cheesiest
thing I've ever done this has to be the
she's this video I've ever done but it's
true I get a ton of people saying mean
things about the internet but you got a
thing I get a lot of use at the same
time for everyone hate comment I get I'm
probably getting like 30 nice comments
or more i have no idea a lot but
sometimes I still wake up and I'm
scrolling through comments I'm like wow
that guy said that but I just got to
think like all right whatever I just
brush it off in 10 minutes later I'm
like all right cool I think I just off
four leaf over I've never found one
before if it's in a pretty Cloverfield
never going to find it again if I saw it
and if you're one of those people that
really really take hate comments bad
well one I which is just highly to
toughen yourself up a little bit because
even outside of the internet the world
is a kind of sucky place for that like
there's always gonna be that guy that
drives buying this big truck and saying
something stupid at you think of it in a
comedic way okay the way I see people
complaining on the internet is kind of
like a cereal aisle okay I know that
sounds weird like for instance there's
people that I repeatedly hate on my
videos it's like okay you don't like my
videos but yet you're going on to
multiple videos like how much of a life
do you not have to waste your energy and
time going through things you do not
like and hating on it and telling people
that it sucks in blah blah blah to me
that's like a dude standing on the sero
I'll pointing at the frickin
lucky charms and saying don't buy these
anybody these lucky charms are horrible
normal people walk into the cereal aisle
grab what they want and leave if the guy
was yelling not to buy lucky charms in
the cereal aisle you would think he's
crazy it's the same way on the internet
there's going to be those weirdos that
want to say your videos suck your
content sucks at blah blah blah you know
like what you're doing is horrible you
have no talent there's a difference
between constructive criticism and hate
what I'm talking about is hey do not
give them the time of day if anything
just say sarcastic nice things back to
them makes them feel stupid and you
don't worry about it you just go on your
day you've got to forget smoothie king
and buyers I'll smooth and you're happy
you have a smoothie why wouldn't you be
but seriously I mean like think of it
like that like like when you actually
step outside and look how stupid it is
when someone waste their time talking
trash on you like more than once over
and over again it's like get a life
people seriously like go do something
and actually profits you you know for
its productive for you and makes you
happy and if you are gonna hate comments
just brush it off and keep going okay so
I know it's not easy I can say this all
day and some people just take it to the
core but it's a part of life there are
people with no life on the internet that
like to just talk trash and hate that is
my two cents and I hope it's worth a
quarter cuz the quarter can actually buy
you something two cents gets you nothing
but that's it I didn't really like I
don't plan these videos i kind of just
come out here i ran so I hopefully that
came out to something that could be
useful for some of you guys and gals but
that's it I'm gonna go it's like the
sunniest day of the world right now
watch when I go to the sunlight I just
stay in the shade the whole time see ya
and i'm orange i have yellow oh my gosh
i'm fading into the sky
later guys I just I just disappear to
the light I'll be back tomorrow though
I'm coming out of the light this is way
too metaphorical now
hey look this guy's happy because he
found a four-leaf clover you know who
didn't me I didn't find it and I'm never
gonna find it oh my gosh fly off flee
fly oh I really did some good bye
