warehouse that get out stealing it
you're fired gone by whether Casey is
released there it is really stay no it's
not it's the Wednesday before release
day true why is he back stay out there
let's talk about releases yeah we're
going to tell you products okay and I'm
sweaty because I already do the skating
for this for this warehouse Wednesday
don't worry about that come later we
have some stuff done veal we're do have
you been following us on Instagram you
know most of the stuff
oh and everything you're about to see
comes out Saturday Friday night at
midnight technically so check it out
yeah let's do these first these are
awesome you guys already know about
these these are the silver collabs skate
tool these are awesome
these are a really really good tool
they're like the best schedule out there
really and now they have revives name on
them along with silver because they
silver makes them but yeah we have two
colorways we have the black on black
which is like a black matte with the
revived emblem graphic if you can see
that and then it has like a black shiny
metal to it it has a ratchet it comes
with a screwdriver and allen head it has
a file on top for your grip tape also
the same thing I just said except with
red metallic and then a black matte as
the main body we don't have a ton of
these limited quantities we don't have a
lot of these so who let you back in me
Brian let's do shirts next partly yes
you guys shirt is amazing you guys know
the ILA I draw mazes dude well he drew a
maze
don't says is that it's he can't have
been able to solve the maze yet he's
what you say but it's a real maze and it
really works check out his work is I
draw mazes on Instagram he's awesome and
he was kind enough to let us use this as
a t-shirt this shirts amazing hey see
you might as well yourself let yourself
be useful if you're gonna be here can
you stack the shirts on Casey as you go
stack then one can say buddy got there
Slugger new base that was good new
baseball tee classic color base once you
go super soft t-shirt in case let me
know this possession runs slightly small
so you never lose a medium you work a
larger this
so now you know also I want to point out
that I saw a girl one times is like I
want to date a baseball player and a guy
threw one of these shirts on and then
she was like I'm gonna take that
baseball player who didn't play baseball
it was insane you actually get to talk
about this here's a secret cat's nail
was like the fastest-selling or I've
shirt ever
I was really successful so I'm gonna do
a series of them and this is the second
one this is Tyranno seal Tyrannosaurus
Rex head a seal body and then he's
riding a skateboard and he's thinking
he's roaring revival and then brand new
face so hold up hold it up hold up
now imagine this dude's wearing it with
a tiny head what's our next one
8-bit lifeline tee who looks good it's
on a black tee
yep and it looks like an 8-bit video
game we do a seasonal luck winery every
season and this is a good one we do a
seasonal lifeline every season I did say
that we got another blue shirt doughnuts
listen this is just this summer is a
blue a blue season so apparently it is
we got doughnuts we got donut donut
revived skateboards doing it someone
took the third donut Rio note
reorganized the sprinkles and we have
that and jpq bird designed this and he
did a fantastic job
is he did a job to me
I just like doughnuts so that's it for
their peril honestly like this this is
kind of a big seasonal release but a lot
of products like what the caliber of
what you're about to see is awesome
here's Doug's
here's Aaron's they both have a lot of
Awesome meaning of for each of them
Aaron is you know from Montana and he
lives in SF and he likes to he'll flip
between the cities so if you find him in
the middle the ocean between those two
states which doesn't exist
he'll probably be looking like this in
real life screaming Doug's is a
heartthrob and I don't mean I'm gonna
look at and be like I want to date this
bore but I kind of I mean it's good
looking for don't be wrong but it has a
lot of meaning which is really cool what
hits close to home with anyone that
knows Doug or Doug himself
so this is his kind of like the house
where he grew up in here is dug himself
cartoon eyes
here's his dog it meant a lot to him
that passed away
Doug only eats pizza so he has eaten
pizza in his front yard and left it
there he'll probably come back and eat
it I don't know but right here in the
window is Doug's dad who sadly passed
away last year and it you know course is
a huge moment and it affected him
greatly and it was awesome that he was
able to get his dad on the deck so this
really means like I said it really means
a lot to Doug and then all of us that
know him we were there you know when as
he went through and whatnot so we're
really happy to see this on the deck and
then his car that he drives is right
there to would be which is a eclipse
Brian collapse eclipse what do what you
got brownies yep it's a pretty day it's
a kinda like the appian life lunch shirt
he stepped on the skateboard the 8-bit
itself is like the technique looks
really good yes it's a it's a pretty
deck is pretty thick doesn't come in all
six sizes usually life floods come in
all six sizes this go only comes in the
basic 7.75 heat in 8.25 so if you don't
skate those sizes either suck it up or
when we read up on this we might we
might get all so excited some done
didn't did it then not king of the hill
pulled up sideways like it should be
well I guess it you kind of this is
probably one of the coolest graphics
we've ever done low life low life so who
can't relate to this when playing a
video game you know sometimes you're low
on energy and this represents that
priest Duncan's back Brian
you better get a you get every get our
energy capsule because you suck no I
mean you're good I had to say that I
suck
I'm playing I'm the one that sucks
what's the next one I don't know oh we
got skate man this is the skate man you
graphic it is an 8-bit version of this
guy doing a handrail and it's pretty
awesome dang it looked beautiful
he's going for a go ride of a lifetime
he's about to fall let's just be honest
about this slip out he's about to smash
his face on that stair rooibos but it's
about to shoot down that hand me
positively yeah I like bought it on the
rail I like to hope that is healing
honest but this is the one that's not
has not been unveiled this one is pretty
awesome it's gonna go fast boat mobile
boom we got you know what we should have
drawn a beard on this but I like to
think that's Brian okay really yeah
except that you will yeah you'll accept
that except you would never have red
shoes it's more me I would every weren't
overalls like that either but you would
wear a red hat I would do that that's a
baseball cap was it's called success
yeah this is the success deck this
skateboarder has successful he has
reached the goal and as you can clearly
see this is going to go fast
so if you want that one grab it before
it's gone forever forever so everyone
that is it that is our summer line 2015
we are really excited about these decks
a few of them we might keep around and
through the fall but like it like the
last deck for sure that's gonna go
really fast and we probably won't read
up on it we never know what's gonna go
fast and what not let's so if you like
one of these decks grab them while you
can
three of them as often as we can that
will hold you over until the fall launch
in like two or three months so I hope
you guys take these decks and I'm kind
of gross and sweaty you probably can't
see that but I'm gonna cut the skate
footage of why I'm gross and sweaty and
you're not in it you didn't skate I was
working yeah I'm setting boards and
shops oh my gosh
so just reminder everything you just saw
comes out to this Saturday Friday night
at midnight Eastern Standard Time
so get psyched it's coming this Saturday
now watch this game that one was even
better
I'll get real use movies
forever this is for Jean Grey okay not
rogue not Cyclops for Jean Grey but I
landed it so apparently I like doing
great all right I'll have YouTube's know
that I have never filmed a frontside
flip on anything in my life like I've
done on the ground that's all right this
is how it starts again I stuck it itch
it was like 90s and I'm gonna be like
hey I can do this and then the rest of
the day is going to be a disaster
so there you guys go
that is the summer lineup at me
skateboarding I did some fun tricks I
had a good time no one else skated with
me because Casey's back instead of
Casey's gonna melt into a pot of stuff
I'll leave it over that means but they
you know he's gonna melt into a sludgy
pump of brisket wasn't a pump of brisket
it's the worst there cuz I will do it
5050 in the next one I'm just kidding I
hope you get better here I'm gonna Pat
you I'm gonna Pat you I'm gonna Pat you
I'm gonna bet yeah oh my gosh my Pat
yeah
know your part
get in no no you get out he's if he's
fired he goes this way okay boys he
hired are you rehired or no all right
bye Casey all right come on right here
like that
