what's up guys so uh I'm here to talk to
you I need to be prepared geez so yeah
I'm here to tell you about a specific
application that came out on smartphones
a little different video that I'm
normally doing but this is a definitely
skateboarding oriented and I think you
guys will enjoy what I have to say but
what I'm here to talk about is an
application that just came out and I
downloaded for my iPhone 6 it is
skateboard and me know and what Amino
does is they have social networks for
specific things like interests
activities and they did a skateboarding
one which is awesome because I feel like
social media should go in this direction
where it kind of gets specific a lot of
the existing social medias are just
feeds of a bunch of things that you
don't care about or disturbing or weird
and whatnot well with this it's gonna be
just things it's just gonna be just
about skateboarding so you're gonna sign
on because like I want to see
skateboarding content or things of that
nature and it's only gonna be that now
it has all the basic things of social
media do you get to have a default
picture you get to upload pictures you
get to you know have your own page make
posts and people could comment and
interact with it so it's you know it's
the basic everything you need in a
social media is right there and it is
really easy to get this is just launched
it's probably gonna be really easy to
get a bunch of followers like I haven't
really told anyone that I'm on here and
I'm getting people following me already
and I just made it my first account like
a few hours ago which I mean that's
pretty cool but immediately there's
things coming up like really good like
we're good skate spots are you know like
what products people want on your main
page you can actually like support out
like what your favorite deck is who your
favorite skateboarder is it's just a
really cool way to just stay connected
with skateboarders and you know put it
put the stuff out there that a lot of
people have questions because I get it
ask these questions all the time I'm
gonna be like hey just check out my
freaking Amino page has all this
information on it now how you get the
app is very very easy I'll put the
download links right down there but it's
available on iOS and Android okay and
both the links will be right down there
but you can just go into the App Store
and just type in a me know skateboard
it's gonna come out right you can't even
say skateboard I mean oh it's just gonna
come up as easy as right there on the
top of the search and then you click
download it's free and
who you are on you get to start filling
out your information on here uploading
your own pictures you know like putting
your own posts and you were good to go
and like add people that you know later
like they'll add you and then you'll
just kind of like build your following
on there and start taking it over the
skateboarding social media world it
really is that easy so it's a really
cool application definitely try it and
mess around with it and you know get
your friends involved so you kind of get
a big circle of people in your social
media community so that's it I hope you
guys like the sound of that I just want
to give you guys a heads up I'm on it my
name is Andy schrock and I'll try to put
a link right down there to my actual
profile so you guys can add me and then
I will look at your stuff - I'll get on
there and look at your stuff as well but
like I said it's on iOS and Android
shake it out and that is it and they
also do I mean it does a bunch of other
stuff like video games and whatnot so if
you really love this idea type an imino
on the search and you know browse
whatever interests you have and then
select your social medias so you choose
what community you want to be involved
with but I'm gonna go hope you guys
found that interesting and enjoy your
weekend and your whole week you know
what just enjoy your time here on earth
I'll see you guys in the future guys
goodbye
