alright so what was happening is that I
was having a normal day and also my knee
to started hurting so I got to take the
rest of the day off but I'm going to
fill these do this pledge right here
Alex backside tailslide to victory slide
that was the opposite of a victory slide
Oh Tommy Gabe with the fancy footwork hi
hi commentary from the judges on Dougs
knows you're on I got it good job mom
I've no idea I caught her mom oh my
Starling that's a combination of my star
in darling oh my star hey wrong way
you're supposed to end over here
I try to go off of this I'd like home I
was talking thank you I appreciate that
how did that happen i combo'd sentences
Wow and how did that happen stupid oh my
gosh you are the worst crack ever
yep g-money go home
whoa whoa I did not deserve that i'm
trying to say did I just want to eat
this
but did demonstrate your new skateboard
here it is it's the Doug does tells a
pro model solar 15 2015 old Street
nothing to say to that
