about time Ryan Bracken my gosh I was
about to close out the video it took you
so long to fall that's not true at all I
would probably watch someone do that for
a straight two minutes of stumbling on
their board but either way it took him a
while to fall and that is a fact look it
up in a Mad Magazine it's a truthful
thing just Mad Magazine even exists
anymore
the first time watch this I just was
like okay well that was kind of funny
because someone told me to do a befall
Friday on this I think of a saber and
then I watched in slow motion like I
kind of scrubbed through it if you
editors know what I'm talking about and
then I was like this is those pretty
amazing like it took it literally took
him like a good like eight or ten feet
to fall and first I wasn't gonna feature
this clip because it wasn't red cords
like it would really happen right over
there then the slow-motion just did it
for me
I mean it he's like he literally danced
on his board there was like so many
moments where he probably could have
done something differently and
maintained control but he didn't he just
kept falling it was like an art form I
mean it was probably harder to fall like
that then whatever trick he was trying
but it was a fun fall because you know
who can't appreciate just one of those
Falls that you just watch and everyone
likes it you know we didn't get hurt
it's funny okay even your girlfriend
likes it and if you don't have a
girlfriend someone's girlfriend like
that fall and I'd like to say this is
one of those Falls that everyone can
relate to but it really can't because
I've stumbled on my board you know a few
times here and there but I haven't done
like a river dance across my skateboard
across the skate park like he just did
he's like you didn't fall into the box
oh the box this wouldn't have been a
good fall it would've been it would've
been a good fall but it would've been a
good fall you know I'm saying like your
girlfriend wouldn't like it she was like
oh I got hurt it's getting so dangerous
you need to quit then all sudden this is
happening okay but then she's getting
your mom on her side okay and then when
your mom did want something to happen
your dad wants them your whole family's
gonna be against you at you need to
thank Ryan Bracken they didn't fall into
the box okay or else your whole family
wouldn't want you to skate just
basically with us is coming down to
thinking about all this it kind of makes
me think what was going through Ryan
Bracken's head so let's just find out
let's just let's get him over here Ryan
bracket where what was going through
your brain when you were falling
I lost the dog once either way Ryan
Bracken can perform skateboard tricks
and I will show you them right now
but there you go that was Ryan Bracken
doing what he does just fall fried add
news every two weeks and that's it I'll
be back in two weeks with another one
but I do two videos every single day so
if you want to see more from me click
the subscribe button but let's do one
more question from Ryan Bracken Ryan do
you would you like to sit down that's
one word answer one more question what
would you do if you found a lost puppy
try to kick it away
what street did you live on with your
growing up sunset what would you do if
you found a lost puppy
I lost the dog once
