all right Ryan Bracken you have to board
side this rail right here okay all right
and while you do it I'm gonna be yelling
crazily at you and then you have to land
I like to do for you didn't yell anyway
this village dude I'm crippled man I
can't do much Peter Pan sucks that was a
it was a half statement I wasn't onion
laughs he just lays on top of you the
thing is is that I don't have a lot of
time to say full statement so I'm just
shouting names at this point by the way
Peter Pan does not suck but you're
paying us amazing uh yeah well Peter
everybody yes caution you did it oh
we're gonna have our abusive
skateboarding more you know more often
yeah like but real brah know what I like
you you're a good dude okay I don't
actually mean those things he doesn't
suck he's a good guy I'm reading rainbow
Sesame Street family movie family's old
days full house
youtube what's up guys so this is an
older video like I just probably two
years old by now clearly because I'm
like 35 pounds heavier in it no but we
did this over an Alex channel and I
always liked this video we had a lot of
fun making it and I got it got the idea
and i was like aunt one that'd be really
cool to put on my channel because i
enjoyed it so i hope you guys dug its we
do videos like this on alex's channel
you know all the time he's a lot of good
content so go check out his channel if
you already have not there'll be a link
at the end of this video at the bottom
and then write down the info there be a
link also and I think we're giving away
a skateboard soon on his channel so
you're definitely gonna want to go just
for that because he could win a free
skate board but that's it guys if you're
watching this today I believe we just
reapply lifelines which everybody in the
world was asking about those so those
are on the straight quarters calm that's
it i'm going to go I have a son Bert
neck and it sucks a cali life that's
what it's all about
