warehouse Winkley park let's be honest
it might have been a warehouse but we're
not in a warehouse or not we are in
sunny California or currently sunny but
not soon we're gonna do a line today
there's five obstacles somewhere around
this DIY you start with jebin sure boom
up Hey all right start with the log over
there then you're gonna hit this skinny
ledge akane gonna turn around hit that
ledge that have seen way better days
then you get a turn around go to the
pole jam and then you're gonna go to the
stairs where there's a piece of plywood
sitting in the dirt and you're don't
land the trick if you do all that within
ten minutes you get to pick one bill we
have three bills one's gonna be in each
hand I have three hands ten ones a five
dollar bill the other two are 20s that's
good I think you can do it what he said
do that if you agree I agree yeah this
is my favorite part because I saw it
earlier and I was like I'm gonna make
Jason do something like this just don't
do any too hard because you will die
it's all glass down there that is but
one time on your on your video part I
saw you do something good yeah that was
and you don't get to warm up because
you've already done fantastic tricks
today or cuz you already warmed up any
already warmed up Jason Jason Jason yes
yes commence skateboarding you know how
ten minutes
you okay no 20 seconds oh you have
plenty time Jason
into the sunset did you do that in the
Corman knocking at the money dude that
was so weird to film bring the bills
brothers dude that was so good we don't
have any money though
perfect I dug hey you turned you to turn
your eyes away you can look this way but
just turn somewhere else okay we got
this one right here we got this one
right here and then we got this one
right here crumple it up crumple it up
holding your fists tight okay you guys
ever play the game on Mario where you
got to pick which player to choose
nothing like this all right Brian known
each other for a long time you have to
let me down what is it oh I like this
good warehouse why they my friend we
yeah yeah that's good yeah he would kill
me but there is that
