and boom that was Doug DISA Telles doing
what he does literally every time he
gets on a skateboard he can just cruise
around the skate park and destroy it
like that but I really liked about this
footage that he kind of utilized the
whole skate park I felt like he was calm
blowing it up nicely from the manual to
grinds and whatnot I dug it also not to
be weird but you know what he can rock a
yellow shirt I mean takes a special
person to make a villager not look too
weird and he does it that did sound a
little weird either way check his
channel out is the bottom link right
there you will want to see more from
Doug's to subscribe and he also just
released his latest video apart from the
revive video that's on his channel so
head over there to check it out and
enjoy I'm done and I'm not gonna wear a
yellow shirt tomorrow it's gonna be red
