YouTube what's up guys today is a good
day because we finally got a very long
new flat bar here in the Shred quarters
we've had it like we've been meaning to
do it all year but today we finally made
it happen I'm gonna show you a montage
of it being assembled and constructed
and all that stuff and then we're gonna
switch over and do some skateboarding on
it to be the very first session come
along for the journey that was a come on
for the adventure what sounds less
stupid skate about whatever let's go
now all the time is the finally skated
Brian let's do some measurements is just
over about 12 and a half inches high
twelve and a half twelve half inches
let's do the the long test because
that's where it really is fun I got
and it is 21 feet one inches 254 inches
I gave you the first boardslide we're
gonna try the first course I'll try the
first more slow and then we'll all try
the first board side alright so I think
who do you think's even have the best
trick on it I think Alex Alex or Brecon
Oh Brock in skinny yeah that's a good
challenge I don't know I don't know how
long he's gonna fly so I'm only gonna do
like one bar I'm hoping to because the
challenge is the whole thing I'm gonna
try that 50/50 it slip slide up front
board it yeah is that bad no this year
2018 here
you're supposed to try the whole thing
that's why the pitch this rail you've
ever slit you're waxing your wax metal
and I have
Bryan Ames got the first boardslide very
small fortunate that's a good job it is
the fastest rail you're the only person
ever do a trick on that so I want to
thank Adam Brock for making this he came
in and did this in one day he did a
really good job I'll put his Instagram
right down the info and with that said
let's skateboard this thing
let's skateboard this thing no one says
that they should though let's get let's
get aboard this train quarters big
Israeli head
one more side of everyone
there you go that was so hard so I never
got to lay my lips slide my 50/50 and
Wow
way harder than I thought it is the
smoothest slide I've ever skated my life
and it's amazing it literally feels like
a dream like I feel like Mario when he
gets in the cloud like that's kind of
what he feels like
it feels how that cloud feels I've never
been in that Club but I want to thank
Adam Brock one more time for making this
I want to thank you guys for watching
this video and I don't know how much
went down on this once the investor and
Josh Oakes gets to it it's done take us
you guys have a great weekend and an
even better week ahead of it oh it's
Christmas next week you guys gonna have
a good one come buddy go
