but yes it is update video time I wasn't
lying when i scootered across your
YouTube screen right there what is this
so but i'll get right into it my life is
my life okay that is just an
indisputable fact you can say the same
thing about yourself and it would work
it's been busy of course it's kind of
annoying because i have a trip coming up
and i haven't been able to like kind of
like give myself a pillow of work cuz I
like to like go on my trip with a bunch
of videos uploaded and scheduled ready
to go that's not happening so much okay
because we have we are avenged coming
out this weekend i think so that's a lot
of work right there but basically i'm
busy i'm gonna be busy on my trip coming
up and that's not the best thing in the
world but it's not the worst thing the
world because worst thing the world is
way worse than that but one thing that's
kind of annoying about this summer so
far has been really gloomy nine days out
of the week it's gloomy and overcast now
I just feel like it's like The Addams
Family and tim burton got together and
had like imaginary tea it's like
everyone hey let's have some tea that's
not even there and doesn't even satisfy
me it's pretty much what this summer's
been like okay so I've really seen the
Sun hasn't really felt like summer but
at least it's not cold and snowing I'll
give you that although I did get sick
and I never ever get sick I was sick for
like a week ish it was like a weird mix
of like up and down like every day was a
different symptom like you have a
headache here have a fever have a
freakin Sesame Street marathon which is
weird but I'm better now and I leave for
LA on sunday and then I'm gonna be in LA
for a few days them to go up to SF we
have a lot of the revived dudes with us
so if you're in California be on the
lookout for us and it should be a good
time and at least I'm not sick for that
like I'll be able to skate board now be
nice but when I get back my sunburn
doesn't really quit because I have like
a romantic lead or double date get away
at the end of this month and then I go
on a full on family vacation the
beginning of next month and then I have
a trip to Hawaii with Jason Park which
will be awesome expect to see some
Hawaiian we are avenged so it's really
chaotic busy summer but I'm gonna I'm
gonna enjoy it I'm gonna do the best I
can and Katie's right there you say hi
hi I'm just walking by but enough about
my life I want to talk about some of the
moms say all right mom's just say this
all the time and it's messed up okay and
if your mom and you say this you need to
think Yuri Yuri you need to take all
your reason think them outside voices
okay and I'm gonna be talking about this
i don't actually care about this but it
made me think the other day because my
wife says to ride and we're inside use
inside voices okay don't use outside
voices
lo and behold I'm carrying riding in
chipotle ensure screaming his head off I
just as loud he's can I'm like what are
you doing and he was like it's okay
because i'm outside and i can use
outside voices there you go moms of the
world that have established this outside
voice thing like I really care if ridin
screaming it was right in my ear so that
was a little bit much but yeah I mean
think about what you're teaching these
kids k people there's no such thing as
inside out for its side voices just
don't scream unless it's appropriate
because there are times there are good
times to scream okay one time Dewey from
scream david arquette cut me off a golf
cart I didn't scream but it would be an
appropriate time to do so and that's
what that's a true story it was a fact
this is a face right here okay and
lately this face has gotten some really
weird opportunities to do some like
commercial and maybe not acting but kind
of like be me and some like commercial
working but by me commercial I don't
mean necessarily a commercial on TV I
mean like paid things in other projects
like to maybe I don't know if it was
used for TV on say might've been but
either way I denied them because they
were off the wall and I didn't really
believe in the projects but I kind of
want to get into like you know I've said
this in the past like I would like to
get into like a little like acting
things here and there or like commercial
work so basically I'm just saying if you
guys haven't like a Vance that's like an
agent okay look at out in LA or
something like to basically give me your
aunt's information tell her tell her
about me no but seriously I would love
to get into this stuff so I'm kind of
thinking of like trying to go that route
like maybe get like an agent out in a la
I don't know you know I sound crazy
right now the world's kind of changing
in my life so I would like to get into
that so I'm think I'm gonna do it I'm
telling you guys about it right now
right near the time that you see my face
and some weird thing you're like oh and
II wasn't kidding okay he's selling a
hot dog icons hot dog I'm not gonna sell
cons hot dogs but I am interested it and
I'm just telling you guys about it
because that's what I do and I know I
right yeah but in the revived force
world things be happening things be
happening fast because the spring line
was so late the summer is coming and is
here okay and like what is its 17th is
it released i guess the 17th it's like
three fridays from now or two fridays
from now to fridays from now it's on the
seventeenth i know that we have an
awesome line of decks coming you will be
very excited so but probably starting
next week we'll start leaking some of
the graphics here and there and then we
have some cool accessories i'm actually
going to spoil shy spoiler accessory
without talking to Brian let's go do it
boom right here we have a collab with
silver uh skate tools silver truck
schedules whatever you gotta know when
you're on a silver
this is a ratchet tool it's really sharp
looking it's got the emblem logo on it
and then all the metal parts are red
metallic and then there's a black matte
as the base like of the tool but as a
ratchet is a very very good tool two
colorways come out with the summer
release on the seventeenth there's an
all black one like black metallic finish
with black matte and then this red one
right here pretty awesome of course we
have new shirts coming out and then
force will not be too far behind with it
probably like a next month release we
might just skip to fall for force we do
have some new some new designs coming in
and we will restock on some of the sizes
and get some of the older graphics back
in it's like I'm in jail this is an
awesome time to exist if you enjoy
looking at things or playing things and
by that I mean movies and video games I
say that all the time it's just a good
error to be alive an entertainment
industry but Jurassic world it was
everything I wanted to be and then more
I want it to be okay and it was ok er no
I wanted to be great and it was greater
that's the best way to say that I've
seen it five times which I usually never
see a movie more than one so I see it
once am i cool i might watch it on
blu-ray later on in my life but I'm
happy with it with the memory but
Jurassic Park I was like dinosaurs I've
got dinosaurs it was amazing and I kind
of kept see and I was like Sam wants his
like I'll see it again with you and then
I was like you know we should go see a
third time be crazy and then I waited
another week and I was like dude I got
nothing to let's go see it again and
then my wife want to see it again so I
was like oh my gosh alright but funny my
record to seeing a movie it was nine
times the theater and that was when I
was like ten years old when Jurassic
Park one came out I'm not gonna break
that I'm gonna leave that to my younger
self but either way I saw but it's kind
of funny then like the wind Jurassic
world comes out and see that five times
it was so good you need to see it over
the next movie come out is ant-man which
I'm like I'm sure it'll be good but i'm
not i don't know if i'm gonna care to go
see in the movie theaters honestly and
the reason the fact that i think that it
might not be like that great is it means
it's probably gonna be amazing but i
don't know i'll wait till see that how
the reviews come in and i might go see
it it's it's kind of a weird it's
definitely a weirder one when it comes
to superhero movies but Paul Rudd is
good I mean you know that he gets hungry
and goes to chipotle I say you've judged
the caliber of a person is by their
hunger for chipotle so I'm open-minded
about it I'm definitely interested to
see how it goes I'm kind of just waiting
for Star Wars at this point when service
comes out I'm gonna watch that with my
eyeballs a lot not five times but a lot
final fantasy 7 is being remade and when
that comes out I'm gonna take a week off
of work and everything i'm just going to
play that game because that is the
greatest game of all time it's gonna be
so good my gosh Casey
do you have you could you oh let's wrap
this up I'm gonna do a confession time
okay usually I tell some embarrassing
story this is embarrassing but I'm gonna
confess let me get something off my
chest my chest is right here and then we
at the end of the video it'll be like
floating somewhere hopefully I totally
as a younger child did something really
stupid okay this kid bully or something
pic pic to fight with me and like we'd
really fight like you know when you're
like in third grade you don't fight it
just kinda like hustle yeah we tussled
we were tussler gotta like running
around each other like pushing and
throwing each other and we ground
without actually punching or anything
well that happened and I was I was
flustered okay and I walked I kept
walking on the street this is after
school mind you we were that we were
done I was walking home and angry and I
didn't even know how to control myself I
didn't like these emotions were erupting
volcano hang out of them though yeah I
didn't know what to do and then I some
kid I guess I don't know if I got shoved
again I think I got shoved or hit by
something like one more time as I was
walking away and I just turned and there
was this Harry Potter looking a little
dude he was a grade under me and I had a
football in my hand no I had a nerf
football like one of the spiral ones and
my instinct was just to hit him in the
face but don't laugh cuz i know that
kind of sounds funny when I'm jokingly
say but I had been the eye and he cried
and I think his mom was down the street
and she like ran to her and I
immediately felt that it's one of those
things that I was like why did I do that
no I want to hit random people like I
never have accepted this one moment in
my life I hit him he cried and his mom
didn't even come and yell at me if I was
his mom I'd be like I'm gonna grab the
scruff of your neck and treat you like a
puppy and take you to your mom and then
be like deal with this child you hit my
foot my kid in the face of the football
I felt really bad about it I think I've
ever told anyone about I probably taught
my close friends I felt like a jerk
immediately it was one of those things
like all cool yeah I hit you you just do
stupid things when you're a kid I didn't
know what how'd it react when I had
gotten that little tussle I hit the kid
so I'm sorry this is my official apology
to the internet I'm sorry I was like
seven I don't know how old I was I was
six I was young and stupid so I'm sorry
kid there is that kid in the world with
glasses i'm sorry the heat in the face
the football i sucked i sucked hey what
do you have to say ball me Casey I did
suck but there's my confession for you
guys next time I have an embarrassing
story that makes me look stupid and not
just like the worst person in the world
but that's it guys I hope you have a
wonderful weekend like I said we were
Avenged to be tomorrow I'm going to fill
in the rest of it today it so I've kind
of got like Lincoln all together so it
might be a cover rush we are avenged but
the next 34 and 54 and 55 will be in
California with a lot of people so they
will be good
that's it guys like this video if you
want to see more for me hit the
subscribe button and if not I'll
probably come up again somewhere in your
YouTube life and I will see you then
here's one two rides fingerboards Casey
catch you do not catch
how does everywhere I don't I think
I don't think that face moving on up
all right amount to flower with two
flowers how much of an idiot I am a
hundred percent of it I'm at all of the
idiot yeah I'm gonna check O'Brien Ames
I'm gonna tickle them you're not
tickling me I'm gonna take over our
names stop don't stop thinking about you
baby dude up pick it up a bit k z suck
you
