I'm Kunal a skatepark for skate camp
this summer and I'm back with Suzy and
she's destroying the skate park
Oh
there's a pop quick catch plan from
Dalian but y'all later
Oh
alright guys so that was another video
of Susie I did one with her last year
she's always awesome to film and skate
with she has gotten so much better in
this last year like I was impressed when
I first met her but then I was like whoa
like she has progressed so much her
parents and her actually came to the
recent for skating hang and it was
really cool hanging out and meeting them
they're awesome people but I really just
want to say like Susie keep doing what
you're doing you're such an inspiration
to a lot of other girls out there and by
the way the girl in the title I am kind
of against using that because I feel
like shouldn't make a big deal just the
fact that she's a girl but I know a lot
of girls out there want to see skate
content from girls so I definitely
thought that was a better way to search
and find it same thing I said last year
but either way as soon as you keep Kona
you're inspiring out there and I hope
you guys dug it I'll probably do more
videos with her I like to think because
I see her every once a while so until
then good bye guys look at this there's
a bundle I hey there's a bundle I hate
and then it just started growing you
told the wilderness yeah you didn't even
need to know this
