Wednesday Andy I don't know but you look
you look weird today I don't know why I
pulled a groin muscle last night do we
switch flips well we'll go easy on you
now do you warm up doing five switch
tricks and then after that you get 20
tries to do a switch start sliding the
box I've never even done a switch to our
side uh yeah you haven't I've never I've
never landed one well then you have to
do it that's right right maybe don't do
it then you have to buy everyone here
cupcakes for something what else if I do
do it nothing you get nothing just like
a loose loose it when I fell and the
trick that's a win-win most likely lose
yes let's go
I accept I accept this I do Casey good
Maxwell's injured did you just push and
hurt yourself sure come on no I'm gonna
try to make this quick and painless
this quick and painless just that was
quick painless G good job heart flippin
that
no way I'm gonna do this with white rice
hope you guys I landed then there might
be well I would make logical sense I
think you could do it this is a couch
rise don't do that back counter that's
one of his tries that's a disaster this
is dry one try number one try five that
was close
my foot went inside this thing it came
out you walked away or walking away now
you're rolling away
now you're getting into it 11:4 teeth
try 17th try point tries her up he's
gonna keep going them
we got cupcakes I'm tell you you're
sweaty I am that too how you switch dark
side here icky YouTube's that would not
be an easy trick to do I do not blame me
for not dealing with us I'm gonna do it
spitting frickin sweat at YouTube I owe
you cupcakes are you dark side and you
cupcakes I don't want to talk he wants
cupcakes well you can have all the
cupcakes I don't want them it's gonna
it's gonna cut me buy cupcakes right now
well I wasn't lying
cupcakes the only ones the Hearst were
had was the tiny ones and I'm probably
gonna put hot sauce and I made people
eat them that'll be another video though
I really need to get better swish dark
slide
I got my legs and I got my hips in my
guitar what else they need
you
