what do you got there earrings you got
bearings or else we think we're their
bearings it's from synopsis bearings
we're gonna open it up right all right
let's go do it I'll open it go are you
um you hit me in the head value it's
okay let's go over here is this a good
place to do it all right have a seat
buddy let's do this so yes an ops is
bearing sends me stuff every once in a
while and they set this actually like I
like a month and a half ago and I've
been meaning to film this video so here
it is riding you said you want to open
it can you pull that string right there
just pull it that's another envelope
what does it say it says it's andy
that's my name but you call me Dad you a
kinda it kinda sucks in a way because
we're doing this video all right oh here
it is here's the stuff you gotta pull
out but it's already open so I just pull
the stuff out of there and say what
we're getting okay Oh what is that hey
ray heck yes these are ceramics which
are really nice are there more two sets
of bearings these are also ceramics ah
reum I'm stuck that was me heck yes
three sets of ceramic bearings that is
crazy I have enough to last me a while
then along with his note he put a little
like a mini catalog thing for their
bearings which is really really cool
heck yes Daryl thank you well I'm gonna
do I'm gonna definitely take one for
myself cuz I'm about to put together a
complete and also i'm going to give one
to you guys so I the stick around for a
second and child Todd come back up here
so there's three sets I'm gonna skate
one myself because I'm about to put
together a complete i am going to give
whoever whatever Reviver needs bearings
next I'll just hand them over or force
her enforcer whatever we call those guys
but I'm also going to give a pair to you
guys so if you want a chance to win this
set of ceramic synopsis bearings to go
to synopsis bearings instagram and i
believe it's just add synopsis bearings
it's right here on the screen so you're
gonna go to that make sure you're
following them
and then I don't know let's say ride and
laughed that's what you got to comment
on one of the pictures i love you i love
you too don't overdo it you can comment
on every single picture they have but
only comment once and put ride and
laughed and you're entered to win you
know the set of bearings ridin come over
here buddy don't go that far so that's
it if you didn't understand that I'll
put it right down there in the info but
if you want a chance to win do exactly
what I said ridin you want to say thank
you synopsis bearings think of that man
Barry yeah but seriously thank you
darryl synopsis you guys are the best
i'm really excited to keep skating these
bearings and uh yeah oh good luck to
everyone who enters the contest oh yeah
and i'll pick a winner in like five days
let's say so five days from when this
video goes up is when all picking in her
and I'll posts pick a winner and help
post it on facebook on my instagram
which is at any schrock come back up
here child let's go to the skate park
alright fine I'm going I'm going by
myself yep I'm doing it by riding would
I leave you now exactly let's go Oh to
make this giveaway a little better i
will be giving away two pairs of shades
also those are the defiance so there are
nice and shiny ones two of you lucky
runner-ups will win those so good luck
and get on it good to the x
