don't do that no have you ever seen
those movies where they make people do
messed-up things it's a disturbing and
you're like wow would you do that for
money or to save a life
draw on Steven whoa no kid just be at
everybody else in doing that they're all
right guys I've never seen Donnie Darko
Oh have you guys I've never seen Kid
Rock live Sam said hey is everything
going to helping I was like yeah you can
duct tape Michelangelo because I want to
ollie it's gonna look bad what he's
gonna look bad as he look an idiot down
oh my gosh sweetie more mush haha that
is what I wanted you to do dude that's
amazing
the only problem is yeah oh my gosh
doesn't stay straight yeah I notice
thank you
what's that but really thank you I broke
a different legs so what I Vic
could you duct tape that back on please
slack it these are what his legs dude
Thanks
why don't you just do it better because
we ran out of tape oh that's a good
reason all right
well I'm an alum next time I skate here
don't do don't break him anymore
just get him somewhere safer now and
thank you sure
all right so we're about to leave
because she's like you want to do a big
flip second do it on a mini board and he
didn't actually sound like that but I'm
gonna let him mean you got one try do or
die
you are not good you're pretty good
they'll be really hard didn't land it
again
Wow my shoe is cool can you golf club
that I'm gonna I'm gonna kick this torch
and you gotta use that as a golf club
okay all right what do you what do you
want me to do well that son with what
fine
what is that I'll pop out you are the
real-life Darth Vader you want me to use
the Death Star to blow up the Sun let's
take this bet you can't catch me oh you
caught me you're lucky this doors here
so how's your banana yeah you're in the
banana Pete okay so how would you hurt
your peaches watermelon cantaloupe good
you
you
