Sam what time is it no what time is it
really it's time for me to put a
skateboard together see I have all this
stuff and I'm going to tell you about it
I'm gonna put it together and we'll see
how it skates for 14 this for 14 what is
your phone well I wouldn't do it your
phone I know you I wouldn't know I
wouldn't I wouldn't do it here for you
think case often throw it I would
totally do that alright so I'll start
with the deck first I have a dude I'm
not going to sue your deck because it's
part of the dude series and it's an 8
inch it's got some AM grip grip tape on
it and some stickers let's talk about
that either I care a lot about my
sticker setup or I don't care at all and
I just kind of throw them on and I just
threw these on so I took off the grip
part of the am grip sticker ned's it
says hashtag AM Orion revived force
wheels and I didn't have an S sticker so
I used other stickers and made this and
I'm pretty proud of but I back all these
companies and I'm psyched to have them
on my board ok and my am grip cut out I
have a t-rex because Jurassic world came
out and you really do not need an excuse
to put a t-rex on your skateboard but if
you wanted one there was t-rex oh yeah
from my trucks
I have a signature Kevin Taylor Ryan
shrugs for the black bass this whole
setup is kind of white black and red so
I thought that was kind of a cool truck
it's like literally white black and red
and silver but I mean white black a red
so that's the trucks I chose I think
it's gonna look good for my wheels I
have a pair of 53 millimeters strike
force wheels um this is kind of like the
classic graphic here but they're white
black and red I want to say Pikachu's
honestly but the 53's or white black red
no no you know what I'm just gonna skate
these because they're gonna look good so
moving on I got some new brand new
synopsis high precision ceramic bearings
pretty hyped on these they recently just
sent me these and I'm doing a giveaway
with them so I'll have a little unboxing
giveaway video on my channel soon watch
out for good bearings pretty psyched on
it got some force hardware it's gonna be
white on top which I did revive last
time I'm pretty sure I think yeah maybe
I'm crazy either way I thought this
would match the bottom of the board
nicely I am wearing the red accel Slim's
this is my second pair of these I love
these shoes and my feet are proud to
have okay if you didn't interview with
my foot it would be like you know what I
rap it
so uh rent can't go wrong with that I'm
also wearing socks and I have no idea
what brand they are let's now put it all
together dude
dudes can do dance cactus cactuses cacti
cacti now let's put it all together
dudes cacti I do my longer boot no pants
on my truck and then you rotate it it
tightens your wheel
I got another wheel great here it is
this is my summer skin look there she be
then we got the crib with the white
folds horse hardware so it's a pretty
looking setup but I'm going to skate it
and make it look all fancy I am gonna
tighten the trucks a little bit because
they come looser than I like I like a
medium tightness to my trucks so I'm
gonna tighten that up a little bit and
let's do some trick will do the kickflip
test first though tickle test yeah
well totally keep them test time so I
said that like I'm mad like kick look
this time don't you know
haha it's gonna be a bad board I mean it
won't be a bad board but I'd miss Kipps
that's the long time now I got at least
redeem myself and do it I've never seen
you do a frontside flip reason you
haven't seen me do the frontside flip is
because they look how that one looked
that looks good
good isn't it real straight time let's
see if I can do some real tricks
you
you should just keep that in the video
right now
I'm done with this I just want to say
this dude help me film so thank you Jim
you're welcome
and if you want to check out his channel
it's telling the info it is I think I
might not put it there yeah I don't know
if
you
