are you gotta be honest with yourself
you wanted that to happen okay
especially when you realize he was
walking anytime there's someone doing a
tightrope act and a fall friday it's not
gonna go well as I'm just a rule of
thumb you wanted air to fall shame on
you okay and he did he totally did it
look to get one of those given cartoons
when people slip on like a bit of
marbles or home alone home alone go
watch that movie the freaking when they
that's what Eric henslowe did and he did
well but this is kind of an intense clip
okay because he gets on the rail when
you know you realized what's gonna
happen right away but it dictum to the
very end of the rail the whole time
you're like all right you're gonna fall
right it's gonna happen sign me up for a
two-year contract t-mobile okay because
this is going down and they did and then
he actually fell I don't see why he
didn't just jump off and land on his
board because that's what the trick was
because he's at the very end he could
have just kind of done it but except he
was just like you know having to slip on
a banana peel in mario kart a freakin
get us all don't they they do every
everybody is guilty of hitting a banana
peel in mario kart you think you're
better than that but you're not get red
shells are unavoidable banana peels are
you're still gonna hit them Eric Kinslow
is not a red shell so I'm trying to say
that makes sense it doesn't probably
doesn't but the best thing about this
other than the fact that it's like the
perfect dumb fall ever like it's a weird
because forward Sam Tabor's weird line
Wednesday's which everyone tries to do
dumb goofy tricks for that that's why
Eric was doing this in the first place
and he got up and he was like hey I'm
gonna land it all right I'm gonna do it
right here I'm pretty sure the exact
words were I'm not going to fall is what
he said and this is how the next try
winter
are you kidding me in for two times in a
row I would like you have to just that's
like better than landing the trick you
know I've said this before but like when
you're doing something stupid and you
fall it makes that it's just so much
better okay like and they knew it and
where they fall they started laughing
both of them because that's what you do
I'm pretty sure my grandpa would laugh
with that maybe it wouldn't either way
it should everyone should laughs at this
because it's amazing cuz dumb Falls is
our one of the best things in skateboard
well you know you think back if you like
you go home after a dumb fall you're
like how was your day it's like great
later on my face I got it on film it was
a ball I was it looks so dumb mom it was
amazing skateboarders are an interesting
Bunch aren't we we were like a bag of
thousand free tokens to chuck e cheese I
would I should be amazing if you were
like nine either way i would like to
thank Eric Kinslow for doing that fall
was amazing entertaining and I loved it
and he was okay clearly he was fine I'm
happy about that okay I me when I look
back at my life on I'm gonna be glad
that I didn't laugh at air kinzel and
misery okay I don't want to do that but
as always i'm gonna show you i'm gonna
you know what i usually just show
regular tricks he did a blunt to fakie
on a mini-ramp on him in ybor okay
that's a look at that that's not a big
skateboard i could not blunt to fakie
this ever ever ever that was weird
so there you go there is the wonderful
errands though he's an awesome dude he's
very very entertaining on a skateboard
Sam Tabor films him a lot this footage
is actually from a weird line Wednesday
that Sam did I will put a link to his
channel down there and at the end of the
video so check his channel out you would
like what you see and you'll see more
air kinslow who is uh but like i just
said he's a good dude okay you walk up
to him he gives you airheads who does
that he never has ever given me airheads
but I wouldn't put it past him to give
me your hands I don't want airheads by
the way Eric if you think that I'm
asking I don't want them I like popcorn
though so there you go that's it for
this week's of warehouse Friday fall
fall Friday fall Freaky Friday I hope
you guys like it I do these about every
two weeks so uh you know tune in two
weeks for another one and I do daily
videos so subscribe if you want to see
more for me but I'm gonna go Casey Casey
come here buddy I'm not gonna here with
a nerf dart I want you i want we're to
do a Q&A with casey right here right now
if you were to kiss a girl would you do
it gosh I don't know
all right hey we wouldn't when did you
learn how to ride a bike oh gosh five
baby okay good good questions I have a
family home video of my sister push me
into my box no wait wait wait wait wait
wait baby so here are my desk buddies to
have Brian aims and then watching over
me at all times we have a little bit of
same fluharty yes we do he agrees
you
