how's this role of blood ugh
questionable about cheesecake have you
lost me at cheesecake never you Lana
oculus sucks we're here with dog and a
manual pad what's up and he's getting
shooed he's a shoo-in he is a pun it's a
pie it's really a fun is a fun pun I'm
get it dude every single shoe have
thrown sick oh no got me doing that
suppose be sorry buddy it like literally
like kicked you whoa this susto bash did
I didn't throw anything this is this
video should be called shoe again you
ever want to add art to the clip you're
just going this duck go Duck Go Go
videos gonna be called take
skateboarding seriously
I see you've been tying your shoes for
like five tries leave him alone we're
not planning any of this it's just going
together gold
we got another 50 Vanessa tells passed
down to two times prior we're done here
