are you ready yeah all right
what's up riding my unboxing buddy and
also my son for its - it's just two
boxes all right well just we're just -
one boxes uh yeah so I have two packages
today to open up and Ryan's gonna help
me out like you usually do this do you
want anything do you want like any toys
to play with while we do this no I'll
get you boy I don't I don't need a toy
what are you gonna get me buddy come on
let's go I needed a marble ledge in this
all right
lipslide it's supposed to be in those
blood all right so my first box package
triangle thing is from Daniel Trujillo
he's my buddy in Vegas I recently met
him we mutual friends and he's an
interesting dude he's like the most is
if you described him in like four
sentences they could be very drastically
different sentences but he's a nice guy
he's funny he's awesome and I sent him
some shirts because he wanted them and
then he sent me this back I had no idea
this was coming so and I have no idea
what to expect
we're gonna do it look it's already open
they're like a the the postman open this
horse yeah oh wow wow wow this is
actually for you buddy oh my gosh this
is for me this is for me it says revive
I'm gonna put this in a frame I'm gonna
frame this look at that he drew that
with like a pen that is nuts are you
seeing this Wow say three woes we will
Dan you're the dude and look what do you
got here front man for you he got you a
t-rex Wow
it done you does Rocky has no example
like that yeah and then he gave me this
thing which I don't really know what it
does hey that was at all 5050 Wow
and now you have the Hollywood 16 yeah
could you land that in real life or yeah
I think we all could so I should have
read this first this is a a misspelled
dear mister shark appropriate if you'd
have my video that's from but yeah he
explains everything he sent a postcard
that is a painting him and his
girlfriend did for the Nevada State
Museum
wow that's ridiculous is a dinosaurs -
that's amazing but you give me a NASA
sticker I'm not sure why that's not
explained and then he says the bottom of
the t-rex box oh my gosh it's a give a
lost Raptor claw I'm kind of a dinosaur
now this was the coolest unboxed unbox
ever because I had no idea because
happening is all dinosaur related which
is a perfect timing because I saw
Jurassic world it was amazing so here
you go
know what's the little bee dance I'll
get this out for you so you can play
with it okay
it bites watch your heads pull up your
nose I will tickle you now so Daniel you
are one talented dude thank you very
much
and this rocks red and now officially
has his first dinosaur toy no it's not
true
it's your first t-rex toy or oh my gosh
you bit me alright for the next box I
gotta dismantle your uh your area okay
so let's put this gate stuff over here
for land now going open your box that's
true buddy will you quit making the
t-rex but what would you do if you just
bite my arm off just be a mile off I
have no one I would have no one what do
think I've been opening with do you have
no open up with a car or my keys I don't
think that was a smart decision let's do
this so yeah this is from Hell eclipse
you don't know what hell eclipse is it
is a site that features really good
skate content I have some of the best
gay content ever on there and I recently
started talking them and they're nice
dudes okay let me let us send you some
stuff and I was like alright and here's
this box hey get over here you crazy
toddler I really have no idea what to
expect to this I know that I don't think
they had red shirts on the end quote
your face is in the camera oh yeah I
know they didn't have red shirts on hand
so I think they sent me some shirts to
give to the good dudes that's red
quarters so we'll see
do it already oh my gosh what is that
that is a bag a lot of stickers boom
wow I didn't know we were doing that
guess who's cleaning up afterwards yeah
I hope yeah you did that was good I like
that was entertaining but let's not send
we throw things no don't throw these oh
my gosh stickers a lot of them so if you
like these I will throw some of these in
with all the revive and force orders at
the trekkers even more stickers more
stickers we got a lot of them wow this
is like a really soft shirt it's like a
bear can Apparel tear stuff it feels
really good so it's just a medium black
t-shirt that says hello clip something
and I will be giving this to I don't
have a Sam Tabor who - this isn't a
third graders birthday party okay and
one sticker throw is good we got more
misses
now it's viewing I don't know another
one got another large boo we got a great
one day we got two grey ones this one
has their circle logo so that's pretty
cool so this was just shirts and
stickers but awesome nonetheless I'm
really pumped really excited when we got
people send me stuff I wish I had to
wear them they said they're gonna make
some red shirts for me so I'll be
psyched on that I'm gonna give a lot of
these stickers out with the revive and
force orders like I said and then I'm
just kidding they wanted me to give
these like the team riders and stuff so
maybe I'll do some giveaways here on my
channel if not we always have unboxings
on the way soon I'm making a big map yes
you did
there's literally like 300 stickers all
over the place but this dude himself has
this very first package from a company
coming so watch out for that because the
next unboxing will actually be for right
funny the t-rex got me okay but so thank
you hello clips and Wow
yeah because you had it right in I have
to in this video before we break
something else where I get attacked by
t-rex again so Thank You Ellen clips
Thank You Jenna Trujillo I might do a
giveaway with hella clips in the future
I don't know look out for it but videos
every single day
now we're gonna clean up everything in
the whole world say bye bye YouTube have
I eat you say t-rex YouTube you want see
if you can touch my hand okay
alright now you're gonna touch it and
hold it alright now watch once you a
trick now you can take words every time
it's fun being a dad it is
but if you guys want to check out hell
eclipse comet is literally just hell
eclipse calm you can have your own
account there you can submit your own
videos to get featured and you can watch
them very very good skateboarders check
it out
hey lip lip suck up and what that was
how that was goodbye
you broke the bench what you gotta say
that's all right buddy come here where I
love you let's be careful I sound okay
what would happen if you were to drop
the fridge oh well good it broke what
were you done that's a good attitude
