YouTube what is up guys I have not done
a question and answer video in a long
time someone changed that right here
right now I asked you guys on Twitter
earlier today and I'm actually really
glad I did because I got questions that
I have never seen a little more like
in-depth and thoughtful questions that
I've never seen when I've asked you guys
to ask me questions so if you want to
get in on this I might do Twitter more
often I've been using it more a little
more often lately so it's at Andy
Schrock on twitter follow me there and
i'm gonna get into these questions i
wrote it a handful of them down and I'm
really psyched on some of these so let's
get to it
you know what I want to start out by
saying I got an email from hot-or-not
calm it says Matthew new message Auto
hot-or-not calm no idea what is weirder
here the fact that hauteur not calm
still exists the fact that they have my
email or the fact that they think I like
dudes which there's nothing wrong with
dudes liking dudes either way let's get
to these questions Chris Perez my dude
chris mcnugget asks who's your favorite
stand-up and that is a good question
when I was younger I was said Dane Cook
and I feel like that's such an uncool
answer now which I'm not worried about
being cool or not I'm gonna say and I'm
gonna say this for non stand-up reasons
I'm gonna say Aziz Ansari because Parks
Rec and second to none he crushes on
that and I just like him he doesn't he's
a stand-up comedian so I'm gonna say him
max ozland
says biggest stair set I've jumped and
I'm actually a lead way more bigger gaps
than I have done stair sets I've been on
board than Hollywood 16 stairs so that's
the I guess that's jumping down I would
say that but if that doesn't count I
think like the biggest I've done is like
a 10 but I'm like golly gaps and stuff
that are probably about as big as we
have 14 you know I think that probably
is the my biggest gap it's just my key
says give me an estimate how many times
a pebble has made you take a slam and
this is a tough one I would probably
like actually slammed I would probably
say like 30 times and I mean like hit it
and fall to the ground most of times I
hit a pebble I just walk away but 30
solid slams my life that's what I'm
saying
sketch Martin asks is bagel the best cat
ever and I love both my cats I'm not
gonna pick favorites but bagel ever
since we got toast he's a little
standoffish and he only comes out when
toast is that like doggy daycare otter
is by my side and like sleeps with me
and everything I she's like loves me so
much so otters like my best bud but I
love him but
Sam Checotah says what's the best
starwars and will any of the new ones be
as good Empire Strikes Back is my
favorite movie ever I love it it's
perfect and then I don't think any of
the new ones are gonna be gonna be good
as the old ones because there's like
just a nostalgia level alone but they
are awesome and I'm about to see the
last Jedi tonight as I film this this is
the 14th so I'm really excited I think
this is gonna be better than force
awakens fingers crossed
James Hall it says favorite Christmas
movie and that is tough
probably home alone home alone is super
gonna need to rewatch it and hopefully
it's not terrible because I haven't seen
it since I was younger alone diehard I
don't know I mean elves pretty good it's
super slapstick but it's pretty good
Ricardo 5a Vela says you like to pull in
yes I do I would eat it every day
happily Nick corn says what is your
favorite thing about owning a running
revived skateboards I don't know your
funny thing I didn't actually want to
start revive when I when I had no desire
to run a company and then I actually
started doing it and I was like I kind
of like this and I I feel the thing I
like best about other the fact that I
just get to work in skateboarding which
is like I'm beyond thankful like that
boggles my mind day by day but it is it
keeps me busy and it brings new
challenges to my table and uh it's just
fun I mean like as far as like the
actual favorite aspect of my job I would
say having ideas for graphics and then
seeing JP create them and seeing it come
to life is just really rad and
fulfilling um RC ro Bo says why doesn't
read quarters reply to customer emails
we're actually really good about that so
if you're having trouble emailing us
maybe try a different email because it
might think that your emails like a spam
email or something but yeah normally
we're like amazing at customer emails
like within 24 hours we're back to you
and taking care of you Rachel moody says
how many skittles have you eaten in your
life like 5,000 maybe Wow it's scary if
that's true I don't know in the
thousands probably that's crazy
cassadee 801 says what are some places
in the world you're dying to visit but
haven't yet my wife and I have talked
about going to Thailand personally I
would love to go to Japan and I'm sure
my wife would but is on a skate level I
really want to go to Barcelona I really
want to go to Australia that'd be cool
Basque with if you're out there dude and
so on skate hello
you Europe in general Switzerland
Barcelona London those things places for
sure
Megan mish cat says wants me to say hi
to her son Jacob Jacob thank you for
watching my videos
it means the world and hope you are
entertained by them I have a lot more in
mind coming out I'll as I always do but
I think I'm gonna like it so this this
weekend we got a lot of fun stuff stay
tuned
here's a heavy hitter Simon Says I think
that's his name Simon Simon I don't know
where are there no black skaters on
revive force or a three-block and very
very simple answer because I've never
had a close african-american friend that
is kept skating with us and just kind of
like being been one of the day-to-day
family members in our little circle
I mean I'm if you've watched my videos I
have a ton of african-american friends a
pop up and like I feel like it would be
weird if I put an african-american on
the team just so I can say like oh yeah
hey I'm not racist like look he's on the
team like that that's offensive to me
because skin color does not matter it
should not be like that the way I think
it should be is that if you look at a
person matter what they look like no
matter if they're boy or girl what skin
color if they're a good person
that is awesome if they're a bad person
that sucks it should be sorted out by
good or bad that's it it's insane to me
that people still generalize and group
together people just because they live
somewhere or they look a certain way or
have a skin color it's just humanity I'd
love to see more just about diversity
and skateboarding in general but you
know like I said like if if that happens
I just want to be a natural honest thing
I feel like when it's if that's it's
weird when people try to force things
just to you know just to fit a certain
mold so but with that said skin color
does that matter
racism sucks Tali Reid says how long was
I in the epidemic and not long it was
actually like I was in the epidemic
right before they went on hiatus so
probably like three months and we played
like two or three shows no yeah three or
four shows probably and it was super fun
and I got to like learn of those songs
and like help start writing a few but
then they kind of went on id√¶us hiatus
and when they came back Ryan chambers
who works with me is uh it was the
original bassist so he just he did the
stuff for the new album
but Tyler Ito see you commenting all the
time you rule Thank You Jenni
1:01 says what is something big in my
life that I've done that I'm still proud
of and I'm gonna say my kid of course I
like literally like it's just it's
insane being a dad I like put him like
when I take him to the bus stop in the
morning I like to see him leave it's
like the most heartbreaking thing in the
world I'm like why you just stay with me
all day mad and then he gets off the bus
his little eyes and smile and like being
a dad is the greatest thing I will ever
do with my life and uh I will there's
nothing ever that will trump that and
for the last questions this is a very
kind of nerdy question from nerd labs so
that's good
says how do you film vlogs and first I
read that I was like well that's just a
silly question because you just point
the camera your face but there is I
guess it's sort of attitude that
different people have one I do not like
the word vlogs I don't like the word
vlogger soed which I use I just think
it's a weird word but it doesn't matter
so yeah I just film whatever is
happening around me if I think it's
interesting out filming and then I had
that on the other side of things I tried
to keep my viewer updated on the things
I'm doing during that duration of the
day that I'm filming so I keep the
viewer updated and then I make sure I
have the camera nearby to film anything
that I think is interesting and also I
do not take it too seriously it is just
YouTube there should be fun and be goofy
with it like it's it's awesome there you
guys go thank you that was like I said I
felt like it was a diverse type of
questions than what I normally get asked
like if I asked on Instagram or Facebook
I'm just like what's your favorite trick
what you read sure it's like the same
type of question so thank you guys from
the bottom of my heart I appreciate all
you guys who watched my videos I'm all
trying to q and A's more often because I
love interacting with you guys but this
weekend we have a new thing skate
obstacle in shred quarters that's coming
out tomorrow so stay tuned for that and
then I have a really fun game of skate
on Sunday you guys have a fantastic day
thank you for watching hit the subscribe
button right below if you're not already
subscribed and I'll see you tomorrow
with a new video peace
we were wondering if I was working out
the answer is I have not been to the gym
in like a week so now I don't know how I
stepped into that character
oh no I literally have not been to the
gym in a week I need to go
awkward silence music
