alright so that was some footage for
orange 42 yes you've probably seen that
but basically this is just an
information video telling about a sale
we're doing to celebrate go skate day so
I want to give you something to look at
other than just words and audio in your
ear so I hope you don't get but yeah
we're doing a sale to celebrate go skate
day basically every order at the shred
course calm over 40 bucks is going to be
ten percent off that is all day tomorrow
and since you should skate on days other
than go skate day we're going to do it
on monday too so the 21st and the 22nd
are going to get ten percent off every
single order over 40 bucks so take
advantage of a guys grab them adapt and
some stuff and then save some money well
that's it every that's it so as of
midnight tonight Easter center time the
sale is live so check it out and then or
wake up tomorrow I don't care we do I
want to go though I need a new voice
you
