we're toast Wednesday bro Novak how you
do Casey hey
so what else was it yeah burn Novak I
didn't hear in town well buddy how are
you well you got shorter oh I got taller
actually yeah all right it's me you guys
didn't even know that did you at night
Wade Ryan's here with us K so warehouse
Wednesday freestyle edition okay free up
for a treat okay Brian got married last
year and he's just now going on his
honeymoon
he's in Italy a season quicker and if
anyone thought we weren't gonna take
advantage of this everyone is crazy I
think that's the way I was it you
yes they're gonna warm up you have about
you know let's give you three minutes to
warm up after that you get 15 attempts
okay okay
every if you land it it goes toward the
land side if you miss it it goes to the
miss side we're gonna count your bland
to miss ratio if there's more lands than
misses you get 20 bucks
okay host as many fives Oh if there are
more misses we're taking a baseball bat
to Brian's desk okay it's all a lot of
pressure so but I like about us but I
like Brian it's yeah well then you
should be excited yeah this turns out
you should blame tricks all right deal
all right
okay I'm not trying to slip your money
either all right not yours yet I win Hey
all right Brian now that your desk is
here and ready to be destroyed
Brett you're going to have three minutes
warm-up and then after that I'm
reiterating you have 15 attempts of
doing skateboard tricks if you land more
attempts than fails you get 20 bucks if
you do not this desk is that my
condolences Brian buddy this is just for
a video ok this is a real I love you
three minutes to warm up do whatever you
want you play Monopoly already begun yes
you're all free miss just warming up
I really don't like the fact that he
landed that first truck this is like the
one where else Wednesday that we want
you to suck
see I don't even known freestyling is
that real was that a real trick dude
dude you haven't missed a trick this
sucks Oh mr. Tuerck yes I know it
doesn't matter now but I'm just saying
this is like what the shapes of things
to come see maybe not yes oh yeah don't
even do that that was ridiculous let me
try
great stop it right at three two one
all right you have 15 attempts you have
to try real honourable tricks okay
honorable try little tricks in your
world I don't know what is cheap and
what's not but you got to be a few
tricks that you know you might text your
mom about okay I do often text my mom
when I land I know I know you she's my
biggest fan mother just clarify it may
can be all different tricks or you can
try multiple tries on the same tricks
you get 15 tries to do whatever you want
if it takes me more than one try per
trick that I wouldn't make sense to do
it be do exactly I know you're thinking
too hard but that's good for this is
efficiency all right try something
really hard to keep trying citycam truck
boom
one fail you know why this is ridiculous
because as a skateboarder if you don't
land it you just immediately like want
to try it again we're gonna do it again
you again second attempt Jess gonna get
the troll is fail to guitar okay third
attempt ah to fail one land ryan WIPO
chambers fourth attempt fourth attempt
doesn't count doesn't count
I'm gonna be stepped off three three
fail one land dairy cow
Garrett one land three fails fifth
attempt whoo - lands three fails sixth
attempt fingers oh yes I know like we're
two lands for fails you are in fourth
I'm sure I make it darker yeah our
seventh attempt ah three land for fail
house good attempt
tied four four four lands five bales
tenth dry attempts tenth temps tenth
attempt oh five lands five man this is
stressful dude you can't do this well
Ryan's hopeful eleventh to attempt six
land five fails that sucks
f content black I was trying to shove
out six lands six fails thirteenth
attempt one more away and the desk meets
its day
I feel like do I have to try that one no
you do whatever you want yeah just don't
do a kickflip that's wrong but I should
see this 14th attempt plan it's 14
you're playing it safe and talking to me
at the same time
Oh round at the string oh my gosh that's
the trick Maps why don't you just land
it
oh my gosh that was ridiculous
seventy-seven all right dude this sucks
I kind of feel like I have to land that
one though
all right yeah by all means let's ride
you a final attempt you are done tintin
tintin tintin tintin tintin yes bye bye
wine
buddy we don't normally do this think
about this is like a pinata that Brian
wants us to break
now we're not the meanest people in the
world we're at least gonna put his desk
back before that yeah let's put it back
good as new
good isn't it what do you say Brian
can you breathe bring the-- tweets
flying in oh wait the yield on our back
all right see this face not only is bret
an amazingly talented freestyle
skateboarder but it is also one of the
best skate videographers in the world
seriously on the next page there be a
link to his channel click his face and
go check it out you will not be sorry
it's some of the best skate content out
there and he's also a great human being
and I'm sick that's why I sound like a
like a frog
Vader I'm done check out Brett goodbye
you
