dan laughs 34 and now we're going to
start this out Sam I start every single
day out coffee
breakfast sandwich has fallen apart all
right we're here oh my gosh okay much
better
Thursday infamous Aaron Cairo's carrot
juice if you follow that on instagram
but I'm here try Korres a little late
today because I had a babysitter come in
this morning to watch ridin for the day
she hasn't been here since last year so
I had to like Rio proud everything but
I'm here finally it's almost nine
o'clock I'm gonna walk in here I'm gonna
make Casey do a kickflip here got first
try which is something we do it's like
first try the date I think it's really
hard we'll see if we can do it Oh Casey
get up get it up get it up oh you sure
the food was good hey Bryan coming in
lipstick get on your skateboard you
gonna do the cake full of the year got
first drive well isn't it's 9 a.m. bill
how you doing bill do you want the tape
measure removed you want it there all
right
haha
no I'll try though here healthy Gabriel
you're doing online that's at eight so
is Nate what you feel it okay
come and do it on your mines in the
truck and I'm having my feet wet how
loose your truck they're pretty loose
that's horrible
what we suck we did I do the yesterday
you ate it
you always eat yeah alright so I'm at
work it's an action the special thing
about today is that Bryan Ames is
leaving for two weeks you know that
sounds amazing it sounds like paradise
vacation but it kind of sucks because he
does a lot with a company and that means
I'm gonna have to do it a lot of Casey
Casey's gonna do a lot of it too because
he now he's here everyday now aren't you
Casey
Oh aren't you case man RC Siemens arch
in Kimberly I start with packing slips
like I always do
is that good plan look at this horrible
desk I'm gonna clean this that's where
I'm I do right now there's really clean
my desk but I straighten it up it looks
a little better so I'm gonna get started
on these packing slips and get these out
of the way so I can move on to cleaning
this warehouse because Brett Novak is
coming in in town tomorrow yeah
then you've never met him at him he's
met him I win sorry alright for the few
people that don't know what I do my own
cow um i co-own revive skateboards and
force wheels we send packages out every
single day and these are the dudes and
dudettes that order stuff from us when I
try to guess what they're wearing
Austin Lawson is wearing a Batman cape
Joseph McKenzie pink hat
Patrick Beckwith is wearing three socks
Steven from concrete cities here this is
the only time we can have open up at 9
a.m.
no not at all Michael Russell for socks
welcome to Shrek worse right how are you
doing today all it was a bad nose band
ng Octavio Fiero 1000 socks Japan Lopez
cane up they pick it up and that's
frankly kind of weird done with papers
because Sam has came in and he's working
it in he's doing a lot of other things
so if you get a note from Samba site and
probably came from zit here you take
mushroom cheese oh I'm tickling I know
you are I'm not gonna take with you I
don't like tickling dudes Oh goodbye Amy
day-in-the-life
I bought a lot of stuff to the shop ever
since I got hired on thanks yeah
concrete city people they got all these
decks horse wheels shoelace belts which
are going fast so uh yeah stop on by
Beach one Avenue here it says hi hi oh
good bye good bye
Brian's leaving for his honeymoon
finally got married like last year and
now he's finally going to send me on to
Italy and all of Europe so if you see
him definitely take a photo with him
I'll do a contest or something but we're
gonna set them off
so YouTube say goodbye to Brian Ames are
you too proud be proud of in the
disasters taking a skateboard yeah dude
a goodbye trick Oh God we do know what
you want
needing to get varial flip up the year
ago now the good thing about anything
yellow when it comes to tools and
hardware is that they're durable you
know they are if they're yellow
come on Rodney hey buddy have you gotta
move thanks man all right so it's about
lunchtime Sabres getting sent to go get
lunch I'm doing some bank stuff and then
I'm gonna eat and then I'm gonna clean
actually I might dip out because I got
to go pick up wheels at our shipping
address but either way lunch time is
about to happen
the soup is about to appear in front of
my face boom
look at that soup I wasn't lying all
right I'm gonna watch some YouTube
videos or something and eat my soup what
do you guys do that's the best part all
right so I got to run and go get a box
of force wheels winter our shipping
address and I'm gonna leave these guys
to charge you guys be in charge okay
I'll be back in like an hour
so what I didn't tell them is I'm
totally going to stop by the skate park
to do a couple drinks you guys when
you're the boss you can do that you can
skip work to go skateboard so that's
happening then wheels in the back
all right so I'm at the park I've only
got like 15 minutes but I'm gonna try to
skate and fill myself which you'll be
interesting I'm super sore I skated a
lot two days ago I'm still of Rick the
bottoms of my feet feel like a twister
man and to think about that twist mask
feel bad okay like they get all they do
is get walked on their whole life all
right so let's learn filming yourself at
the skate park for like 20 minutes sucks
but I'm back to work I'm gonna grow up
grab those wheels I'm gonna learn how to
talk and breathe first geez I'm gonna do
that and then get back to work
get in the wheels be back in a second
wheels like head shred quarters here's
wheels hey surprise someone made their
self welcome to my desk how you doing
I'm not getting off either my desk now
alright so I'm back at work and my desk
is already a mess again so I'm gonna
handle some paperwork stuff handle some
emails also I'm getting an office so
I'll show you guys that a little bit but
watch me pay some bills and crap like
that whoa dude this is important alright
so Bob dropped by to pick up some
skateboard and wheels for Ali's skate
park he owns it and runs it and his good
dude
they also brought right in a helmet
which is oh he's the nicest guy I expect
to see a riding video with his new
helmet it'll be awesome
thank you Bob Holly skate park is
getting those goods I'm doing my mound
of paperwork and emails and all that
stuff and these guys are cleaning this
place for me and that is amazing some of
the thank you guys thank you thank you
you're welcome
Thank You Kenny bill McLemore yeah
Macklemore jump in back more anything
with Justin thank you the problem clean
in the desk oh yeah all right so now I
gotta take a break do something big a
kind of dumb to do on film I'm gonna be
honest I take a picture of myself
holding these shoes because uh s
footwear okay Don Brown and Kelly Hart
sent me some shoes and I'm thankful so
I'm gonna post a picture of it online
and say thank you dudes there you go
there's my display after the hit shoes
revived officially has office space so
this is pretty awesome this is my office
I get to move some stuff in later type
my buddy Garrity seen the videos it's
going to meet up with me and we're going
to brand me a couch and a desk I'm gonna
go buy this like a sofa bed I think it's
pretty cool so but with all the space
and a chair I mean who wouldn't do this
and it didn't work at all I'm gonna go
back over there to the Shakers
ship some stuff and then go home at that
right goodbye for now shrek orders we'd
be leaving save your work you guys Rock
I home time to play with my little dude
which is the best part of every day and
I got that helmet to give him you seem
excited about that thank you Bob
one more time okay go hi I think all
right so the babies are left and riding
his weight I think he woke up actually
ride ed come here here you are
how was your nap what what do you have
there oh my gosh oh my gosh you did it
oh my gosh Wow hey I got a surprise for
you
guess who came by the world today Bob so
you sit right here next to Auditor okay
and I'll bring you just press from Bob
Oh what is that you know it's in there
it's a new blue helmet Wow how excited
are you
uh-huh and always sticker you want that
to be your first sticker now smooth it
all down
you like it look at yourself rah hey you
want to get a snack that time it is it
is not doing so delicious this is the
lion power here did you do Q it is hard
to do a Chewbacca voice while eating at
the same time on oh my gosh hmm alright
you I played outside there you go
kick it at me bet you can do the camera
yeah that was good
I didn't have to move it yes with thumbs
up get over here get over here video
alright so when we aren't ventured to -
I accidentally blow up the Sun and ride
obsessed with it it's like all I talked
about these days are we really gonna
blow up the Sun one more time one
alright alright now that we're done
blowing the Sun up what are we watching
ah we're watching Rugrats he has
recently gotten into it so and your
mom's about to be home so I'm gonna mow
the lawn or night good conversation
reading yeah yeah I have yeah how did
you
we gotta wait till she's running around
the corner
use a pizza Bell - peekaboo fine all
right it is time to mow the lawn my life
never ends oh that was on film that was
on film heck yes I want broke my ankle
on those stairs a little too excited
about that but I thought it looks
stupider than did either way there you
go that was me falling sorry you don't
get to see me address this stupid mowing
the lawn but uh makes my life better
that you don't home yard done now we're
going to have dinner is that a button
for your tongue ah yes it is all right
so I've Drive separately because after
dinner I'm going out with Garrett to get
some furniture stuff for my office
excuse me sir how are you doing we're up
Nerra you already knew that though did
you know that yeah hey I'm just gonna
take this okay this is mine now
yeah I mean these are kind of mind all
right all right you can have it all
right
I gotta go
so dinner done now gotta leave the
family unfortunately and I got to go get
office furniture with Garrett so let's
do this there's a rollerblader I've not
seen one of those in since like the 90s
boom this is weird to me I mean I'm in
on the wrong side of the car you've not
been in here maybe ever yeah no oh no
I'm gonna mean alright so we just tried
to go to office max and the desk they
had sitting in there they don't have it
didn't work it didn't work at all they'd
be here and they're gonna sell us cuz
I've been in the store and I've seen the
physical thing that I want to buy now
that I said that I'm sure they're this
sold before I got here
remember what I said that I something's
going to mess up or whatever I said
about not buying it
well I didn't get it I paid for it and
it's gonna be shipped to the warehouse
hey I think we're going on like an hour
and a half of nothing up and up nothing
gosh I thought that was like the room
that he bought what was in the room yeah
that's the clearance room that's like
that's what yeah yeah but no so let's go
skateboard that sounds better
that sounds a lot better we in the truck
next to a truck
we're here at shred quarters hi Casey
bracken addressing how you doing good hi
Sammy
hey bye skateboard time skateboard
skateboard time okay more time more time
Oh what
that day life 34 done guys I hope you
guys enjoyed it I had a good time
filming it but I'll be back with the day
in life 35 soon enough I just do the
videos hit the subscribe button if you
want to see more but in the mean time
that is right that is how we do it
good bye I'm gonna be honest I just
faked that it was either was believable
or you're beyond belief either way good
bye good bye bye good bye
ah it's lunch time here at shred
quarters and we have Ryan with the soup
it goes into his mouth at his school
