what's up guys what you just saw are
some clips from my good friend Nigel
examiner you probably already know him
because he is an amazingly talented
filmer / skate videographer and he has a
really successful YouTube channel but
it's truly inspiring and motivating that
he could hold his own on a skateboard
still he kills it even though doesn't
have to he could just film but he's out
there skating and loving it still and
you need to check out his full video
part when the screen changes will be the
right link or the link is right down the
info please go watch it okay and subdue
his channel but support this dude he's
an awesome guy and he is really good at
many things that he does so that's it
I'm gonna go wake up my child right now
and you're gonna go watch that now
that's exactly what you're gonna go do
go do it I got feet on man hi
