we are in sunny California I really tell
anyone I was coming out here like on
YouTube I mean it's not even me but uh
I'm with William Spencer over there and
Brett Novak right here and we're gonna
just skate and get some contents and
bring you along for the journey done
deal
I need to get changed my better okay
it's been a second since I filmed with
this guy and I'm very happy that I'm
doing it I suppose you guys you have a
face still on you have a hole in this
your skateboard and it goes all the way
into that's truck because you need the
bolt to stay in place
you're not only making a scooter are you
no I'm making a skateboard switchblade
it's like the best thing this is a spot
oh my gosh
whatever like to get to Manuel to drop
no but I mean come look at any okay I
have seen this spot growing up it's huge
this is so big it's so crazy what are
you doing
your body's not over right yeah so
there's no way to really like if I think
over the other side
my Balan can you do up can you do it not
right now no oh this fall I get in here
I'll throw it but you like have to be so
picky about your hand placement
those people over there looking like
anyone do that
whoa that's what they're thinking but
even we live weird right yeah we are
thinking we are still weird this is a
very strange thing yeah and he's back
how does he get what he is spider-man
because I think he's gone out there he's
going off the end
it's actually really pie no I just
landed hey man
Claire please beside you
I can only grab the handrail I could
really dude congratulations
don't don't don't blood me
that was the best ten seconds
all right 30 I don't know how long hey
you're in a really cool alley and you
gotta do a trick okay say you're trying
to impress do you see the girl you like
you gotta impress or what would you do
hi William oh yeah if you want to press
William the girl this is a gorgeous need
to film a video read this is a
do you think if you saw this trick as a
kid maybe this escape or do you think
you'd be like I wanted to do that no
because as a kid I was always a little
bit like all of its terrifying whatever
it is do it good oh boy well let's see
what happens in a break so and then
you're right 300 don't break your Weiner
I felt so much better that was good
don't you get a very medium high-five -
it's off are you really jealous I guess
oh that is so scary to watch thank you
this is why it's a stuntman this is why
people are gonna
in that lay back followed went down
there
your food is down there okay I'll be
back in two I'm just gonna grab a broom
handle we may have to do a awesome
retrieval scenario that was gonna be the
worst thing that happened but that was
amazing
I don't think so that sucks he like
immediately assess the situation and
just came up with a conclusion skate
with the phone in my pocket and this is
not why I've never heard a situation
yeah yeah
is it work still
mr. Smee somebody doesn't soften up not
even is it okay is that like a screen
protector also it's fine
terrifying I'll redo it that is so scary
oh my gosh why didn't you slide are you
having fun
well good oh jeez oh my god it evolves
this is how you risk your life scaping
no broken wieners and your phone's light
what
you drop it down and I landed I think I
would rather have that than landing it
this is the most nonsensical skateboard
day of my life in a great way okay
order up scared the crap outta me dude
son of a gun
you'd be locked out
okay
that's the last one I'm just waiting for
the old hot pocket pain to subside in
this shot it's amazing that you fell and
you started up there honest realization
alright well that was a very nice
surprise that was a lot of fun and we're
gonna keep on going okay this looks
terrifying William
it looks scary just to roll across is it
it is durable right I don't want down
that
all right we had a lot of fun doing very
weird things so thank this guy for being
in the video also that guy I'm going to
put their social medias in the info but
hope you guys had fun acting
classy are you like a mob boss now
Chrissy I hope you guys had a good time
acting Chrissy videos hit the subscribe
button below if you want to see more and
hopefully I actually get some cons out
here in California I don't have to film
her so we'll see what happens I'm gonna
have fun though I'm here for my movie
I'm in what no not today
but Tuesday maybe you'll see me on
Tuesday
it's kind of their lucky day they don't
think they had any idea they were gonna
wake up and once it no I feel like this
should be filmed for a cable TV show
yeah we might get high but I don't want
to fall off this imagine if someone
lived in this building and looked
outside and like Oh somebody's working
on the place today no somebody's
checking on their porch park on the
other side this yeah
