what you doing good oh my gosh what up
you can't wheel me up on you I bought in
with kale foot hair yeah or or ass
Footwear we're that but yes riding is
right we were doing an unboxing with s
Footwear there are nice stuff send me
some shoes and we're gonna unbox it here
are you ready I want you to get the box
it's a big box isn't it you put the box
up here
and I'll give us some room it's too big
for you hands all the way down there
what should we open this with Rhydon you
don't need a knife oh my gosh buddy okay
but then get it right here okay okay
okay okay you know Christian he took
almost took off someone's finger by
doing that so let's let Dad do it okay
cuz I'll use your toddler knife oh it
almost hurt Kevin we're very careful
with knives
oh my gosh what is that is that shoes
yeah it's probably not your size I'm
gonna I'm gonna go out on a limb and say
that you didn't you need help from Iron
Man boom all right what do we got Nick
this is this is so massive I'm just
gonna do it one shoe at a time a one
pair of shoes at a time and I'll put
this big box down on the floor gonna do
it this is the excel square s cube you
guys give me a square and oh it looks
nice doesn't this this is a navy blue
shoe with red inside that's pretty cool
then I love the red bottom does dad like
red what so the story is that I started
skating excels a little bit ago and then
when they Excel Slim's came out they're
red and I was like oh I gotta hate these
so I got this and I ended up meeting
some of the dudes at s and they're like
well let's send you a box and I was like
heck yes and I didn't know what they
were sending me and this is really cool
I love it when I get stuff that I have
no idea what I'm getting because it
makes me skate outside of what I would
might pick at a skate shop and whatnot
and this is a really different type of
shoe that I've ever skated it's really
low profile and slim it's nice looking
and I'm excited to try it out it's like
when you skate different type of shoes
cool to find out what you can do with
the different shapes so these are the
excel squares I'm really excited to try
them out and riding has a bit on do you
have it on
does it fit your foot what it does not
give it back my shoe this is awesome too
and I give it and on my bag hope you
like it
and I'm gonna try it on all of the above
it is pretty true yeah
oh my gosh what's up up here
do you ever revive fingerboard thank you
are you ready for box - oh the accent
another navy blue this is a lot kind of
similar to the other one it's a little
wider though this is kind of like a
wider shoe but it's navy blue so
apparently I'm gonna be rocking some
navy blue red stuff which I'm fine with
it's a little thinner material than the
other one so I could probably get some
my Jason Park on or where he like puts
in toes underneath the wheels the week
before new stuff
so yes boom I'm gonna be honest the
bottom of their shoes are on point
pretty sweet crap
you gotta kick the shoe while you said
that and you're leaving me
all applaud yeah alright last box dun
dun dun
this is the accelerate
oh look at that yellow I've never skated
a yellow shoe this is a different type
of shoe bottom but look how flat the
bottoms are so this one's a little
different it's definitely a lot more
like boom fear this is the accelerate
right it's not the accelerate sendy
accelerate so yeah it's a little thicker
which I'm used to skating so I feel like
I might this might be up my sleeve and
it comes to the tricks of your employer
yes typically shoes come with two you
can hold that one so here it is got a
little different bottom but it's still
very flat which I like it's a cup sole
all these are from no no this is the
only cup sole so it's a cup soul so it
feels really solid and honestly this is
like the complete shape that I usually
skate I usually do extra stitching right
here but I can escape ones like this it
just kind of I just prefer the other one
and it takes me a second to use of these
so maybe I'll do a skate wet stance with
all these shoes have you guys like that
idea to go down and give this video a
thumbs up have a chocolate that is a
piece of paper it is not a shot but
giving it writing what is the first
thing you think about when you see this
shoe
it's a shoe it really is a shoe oh you
like all of these okay cool so I know I
asked you guys a buncha jsk tester but I
kind of really like that yes so I'm
probably gonna do it either way but I'm
gonna make it fun I'm gonna let you guys
decide which one is you skate first if
you want to see this one this is the
navy blue that's a little more comfy it
has a little more cushion this is the
excel square okay see if you want that
one comment below basically just tell me
the name you want this is the accent
this is a little thinner but it's also
of all kind of similar shape as that but
I feel like it's uh I don't know it's a
little wider too and then if you want me
to skate test they accelerate first let
me know and I will make a video and get
on this and it'll be out soon so I just
want to say thank you one more time to s
shoes Don Brown and Kelly Hart you guys
are the dudes and I'm really excited to
try these out if you guys need new
skaters definitely turnout s if you're
not already skating them they've been
they you know skater owned and ran
ran for a very long time they're awesome
dudes working it and they do a lot for
skateboarding so I try mouth and back
this brand I do and I'm really psyched
on you can find them at local skate
shops and there's even some online skate
shops owned by skateboarders that you
can go to so uh try a pair and like it
you anything to say bye Eva and Aubrey
as his friends wasn't that close the
door look your face is foggy oh you know
what I forgot you'd let's tickle you so
much video done
dog high-five you missed you missed you
missed you missed alright let's wrap
this up we all do go and do unboxing and
my daddy's gonna help he got popped his
son and if you didn't have a Startup
Weekend sow his oats like I'm just
the hip noodles at my dad wealth with
Tegan epic that was good
five high five in basically just talked
about we are avenge 52 you like that
video
