all right I'm gonna be real for a second
guys that know jeff has had a lot of
controversy over the years some people
love him some people hate him but either
way he has been relentlessly attacking
Street spots for so long now and I mean
you see what he can do he's doing tricks
that no one else is really touching out
there I have not seen anybody that can
triple flip down gaps as consistent as
he has it's ridiculous so he can do
amazing things and despite what some
people are saying about him he just
keeps going and I love that about him
his new video part just came out bottom
link is it go watch it
lewis filmed it and it's amazing it's
really really good so you know love him
or hate him you need to watch this part
it speaks for itself I do daily videos
here myself so click the top link but
mainly check out Jeff's new part and
that is it goodbye say goodbye ridin
alright Gatorade
