is this where we are but this is we want
revenge that's right we are image 52 is
here we're gonna start it out with some
wax skateboarding but not whack like oh
man that was whack whack like slap
alright alright shut up so we got Al and
tricks while the other people will whack
us with the freaking pool time already
KC's first give me your freaking whacker
Casey thank you 52 she was happening
right now listen that was that was
actually pretty wack how's work like the
lock on the wet stop
everybody
oh my gosh hey ask me what I'm doing
what are you doing
you know how ninja one time made fun of
people at high five of your tricks do
you have to high-five after every
skateboarders need to quick give you
high fives and hugs after every little
trick we high-five after a lot of tricks
well now that I know that I won't okay
my point is that I'm gonna go to Vegas
and I'm gonna high-five them
okay I'm gonna high-five I'm more than
once okay I'll do it a lot right goodbye
you guys want me to come we're right now
Doug we're at ditch I think in Las Vegas
Nevada yeah yeah we are kind in the
desert you're fun rattlesnakes out here
but they exist
you can fly miss Bart you're assuming
I'm good enough to slide this part
well
good old bowlegged andy never surprises
us
that's literally everything you didn't
Vegas that sure about side no I did more
that's all I filmed you're an idiot
you should feel more just alright you
come back we're doing a skate and
hanging shut up both of you we're gonna
do a skate and hang with these people
Casey what's up Jason Douglas Hills
Christian lands I'll be there
ty okay Justin Jordan five skating Hank
is going down right now let's go to
Ollie skatepark no you don't we're here
this Johnny guy kinda guy he's in right
now hi Chris hey ty how we doing our
house run it
so we're here at Gillian's here in
Kentucky we have a skate army like we
have like 20 people skating with us
today it's gonna be a fun episode do it
to it come mess with Doug he's sleeping
don't mess with Doug and I said go mess
with go mess with Doug come on you would
think that this is just a dude sleeping
here when we got here but he's actually
with us this guy here is the tallest
rail in the whole world
that we just saw on the ground and it
always starts this way it starts needs
my soup and you're like wow I really
enjoy skating we've like had a whole
session
oh good
this manual spot for the last spot and
it's super windy and I'm worth skating
but ninja is going to try the craziest
ride ever literally he could die if you
mess this up ready are you ready
hi Andy just did that so boom we are
mentioned do comes to a close hope you
guys dug it but yeah good jump on that
flight oh hey good job on the 50/50 five
five five high-fives I still won that
one and you guys know it it's
skateboarders need to quit giving
high-fives and hugs after every little
trick
you
