I mean that wasn't gonna hurt I really
did look like a hurt I'm gonna be honest
I was there it didn't hurt him okay but
he took it like a man
Alex muting sheva t-shirt says man on it
ma n but seriously though at first
glance I probably shouldn't be laughing
because I mean I feel like Thomas's gasp
sums it up like exactly how you should
react to that fall oh because that's a
scary fault freakin granola bar flying
out of my mouth because that's a scary
fall I mean seriously everybody thinks
about that when trying gammak what if I
had a pebble right before I'm about
eyelids like well yeah you'd probably
fall down the stairs and bounce off of
them and that is exactly what Alex
buting did right there I mean you I
don't even need to say because you saw
but I'm just saying that I said I said
that's what I said one thing that at
least Alex can do is have an awesome
story when people ask how his day's
going oh hey buddy what do you been up
to today oh you know just falling down
staircases you look rough did something
happen yeah I bounced my body down a set
of stairs honestly you could have fun
with it the people didn't ask me what
was happening I would tell him that he
liked paper or plastic I feel like the
stairs I fell down every single one beat
that by the way I want plasti because
who gets paper bags at the grocery store
I mean I'm not joking about it but it
was actually pretty scary when it
happened okay you just say it's think
that fall that you kind of make this
face kind of wait until you find out
like how he's taking in it if you holds
his backbone and starts like screaming
it's probably not a good sign or if he
cracks a joke like Alex he's probably
alright which Alex did thankfully hey
beanie take that and the story behind
that is that beanie had just fallen
before like a few tries before that
pretty hard and then Alex fell Alex is a
little more brutal at least it looked
look more brutal than thin beanies he
was actually out for like six months of
his but Alex's it definitely looked
worse and on a side note I just gotta
like kind of applause thomas's gasps
okay because that is the perfect gas
like I kind of wish I would have that
like in my pocket where I could just
press a button it would gasp after I
said something dramatic so people would
find it more exciting I mean think about
that that'd be affected I'm going to
I don't think I want a burger to eat
I do not like tacos that last but really
deserve a gas because you do like tacos
and if you're wrong if you do not like
tacos you're wrong because we're trying
to say one thing I kind of want to do is
to make this fall happier because
especially with a gasp and everything
and him falling down the stairs
it just doesn't it's not that close
Brian so I'm gonna throw some dance
music in to make to try to lighten the
mood here let's see how that works
so there you go there's dance there's
dance stare gut breakdown
I don't know I'm saying anymore I'm done
but yeah this is a fall that was
actually the beginning of the Alex's
part in the live skate die which a lot
of you have seen that it's a revives the
first full length skate video but it's
such a good fall that it would be a
shame if I didn't do a fall Friday on
and eventually if you want to pick up
the actual video you can see beanies
fall everything I've talked about it'll
be the in photos right down there it's
on you know the Shrek quarters calm our
store but if you want to see Alex
landing some tricks here our saw handful
of tricks that you've probably seen
somewhere but I'm just proving the nigga
skateboard hey what's this here's a five
so there you go that is Alex dunes of
skateboarding he's been part of revive
slash revenge back in the day since the
very beginning he's an awesome dude in
his youtube channel and if you're not
following me should it is right down
there in the info so click his link and
subscribe to him but I'm done I hope you
like this fall Friday I do these every
other week so I'll be back in two weeks
and I do videos every day so if the very
least tune in tomorrow for a new video I
believe it's we oughta mention 52 and
subscribe if you want to see more for me
that is it Casey Casey Casey come here
down you join the outro we please sit
right here you're doing the outro what
do you want to do when did this ask
Robert I that's what I shoot it's as
always did you're about to shoot me how
did you even see me grab it holy moly
wow that was good I literally had no
idea of those coming all right whatever
I'm done good bye guys
oh yeah and what
you heard wow that wasn't that bad
actually hello and welcome to after the
outro slash before the last outro um I
just want you to know boom for squeals
they're coming back tonight at midnight
along with other boats are other revived
stuff so uh be psyched I'm sorry about
the drought we have some wheels people
goodbye
