warehouse Wednesday yourself are you got
a smile on your face put the carrot
juice back Casey Eric carrots carrot
juice
oh we know bright names what he got
there
Jared Grable Grable made this worse
Jared gravel he made that I don't know
where to put it but it's awesome he did
me we would like to say thank you he
made this awesome piece he gave it to
the skate name but the point of this
this shred this time of warehouse is to
show new product we're launching new
products this weekend spring face till
spring get in there get in there get in
there
I'm in here I'm gonna do a kickflip all
right so the story is that our spring
our spring release is very late and we
had to be doing in two batches we did
one what was it two or three weeks ago
two weeks ago then this three weeks
after that one another weird time okay
we're releasing another series this
Friday that means Saturday at midnight
so it's Friday night Saturday morning
Eastern Standard Time we have one series
of decks we have a matching shirt to go
with it then we have some shoelace belts
but instead of just telling you that
we're gonna show it to you deep with
your since you have a jacket on
show us the shoelace belt you're wearing
one where that's the first time I've
seen some I wear one dude yeah pull
these out I don't see one of these yeah
what no show the presentation first
collaboration with the kurta yeah that's
pretty cool
they're an awesome company Wow really
awesome they're heavy-duty dude so yeah
if you have pants which you probably do
you don't want to keep them up somehow
and and you know skateboarders of course
we're shoelace pelts the court have made
these really high quality product it's
got heavy duty like things to tie it so
I wouldn't use this as a shoelace but I
would use it as a belt it's never heard
that name in my new word so but it's
pretty cool
Casey's wearing one Casey's had a
girlfriend before is a coincidence
probably not of course we have we have
the black version we have the red
version which simple almond and then the
Lifeline version of it oh there's two
different graphics yeah I did not know
that new shirt it comes in white so if
you guys don't get that will form you so
when you're getting skating Street spots
out of the world
everybody says hey man sorry you know I
don't care if you skate here but if you
get hurt we're liable boom you wear this
shirt and you get Elysees really because
I have my shirt says that I'm not gonna
sue you so you can at least kind of make
fun of people go ahead you out in a good
way all right I'm not saying go start
fights people getting you out like be
respectful but to have the shirts pretty
awesome and we have a decks to go with
it so Brian let's move on to the decks
here's the dude I'm not going to sue you
pretty cool sweet when you're getting
kicked out you can be like dude I can't
wait there's actually footage of
somebody getting kicked out and I'm
holding it up so I'm like really because
I'm old I like not so do please send it
to me please
I want that footage I want to see also
along with the getting kicked out you
get at least asked him to give you one
more try and if they see that deck you
know they're gonna see that deck and be
like alright this guy's got a rude nose
Mort I probably should give him one more
try to land land your tricks yeah this
is a bunch of footage challenges let's
see me one more try it's the giant
Geiger this is when you're playing
Johnny Geiger yep yeah so someone lands
an awesome trick in game skate dude I'll
just take a letter and the best thing
about that is the truck goes right here
so it's kind of kind of say dude just
take a letter if you just have one truck
on which that would be weird but dude
just take a letter C so the story behind
these is that we needed a new series for
the Springer Lisa and I was stressing
out and I went to get lunch one day and
it kind of hit me on my drive and I came
home and I made these with him like just
came home to home came home to the
warehouse and made these and it was like
little I think we submitted them that
day so I was kind of stressed that I
came up with decks that fast and made
them but here they are guys they might
go fast because a lot of people are we
didn't get as many of these as we got of
the tie-dye and those were fast but
people are psyched on this so it's gonna
be until July
so we restock these so if you want them
grab them now they're up Friday night a
/ Saturday morning at midnight so Kay
Eastern Standard Time that's it I would
say this is available in 8 and 8 to 5
right now 7 7 5 will be coming week
hopefully so if you want a 7 7 5 of this
graphic we'll get those probably next
weekend but the eights and 8.25 s go up
this weekend we're gonna skateboard I'm
gonna I landed a backside double float
cleaner than I ever have in my entire
life off this ramp
and I'm gonna try to land then I'm gonna
skip the cruiser to them you're not
gonna skate you're good at golf do you
money this is the goal okay I'm gonna
3vu this and backs it for the dorm up me
sometimes warmer tricks are harder than
hammers for my video part so hopefully
this doesn't take a day and then I'm
gonna try the back tell the time you're
like I'm just gonna keep doing crappy
for the rest of my life so I'm done I'm
gonna go to subscribe it's gonna be part
awesome it's being a 300 ollars
Craigslist parks all yours you better
land it not below that on purpose I
promise I naturally suck like that
oh right in the butt crack now that I
skated my life away and I look like the
devil because I'm sweating so hard I'm
gonna film case you're doing this
wonderful and only back to heel
all right Casey your left foot is an
idiot you're in control of it don't let
it decide what's happening with you no I
like this yeah what is it it's literally
over the board then it just goes that
way
Casey's stupid left foot sucks that was
mean no his left foot sucks
oh okay she's left foot
Casey's left foot oh you Spanish rice
that wasn't nice at all no realistic
- da baus clean
Saturday at midnight technically Friday
night is that when this dough comes out
don't encourage anything like that water
you
