YouTube what's up guys so we're doing an
unboxing video but I'm gonna let ride
and take the reins on this one okay so
we're gonna start again and you're gonna
do the intro alright alright are you
ready we're going to unbox lion clutch
that's right and unboxing with Orion
trucks here is the Box whoa and you have
a toddler knife I can open it you about
just fell to your face how about dad
opens it then you get to tell everyone
what it is okay open something like a
box
I got no you're staying here you got to
tell everyone about the what's in the
box okay there we go it's happening now
right does a time in a box is life ready
just rip it open
there we go open the box haven't we Wow
okay so we're gonna put it like this and
you can just reach in apples about tell
what that is sure what color is up
alright I want you that's a little big
for you we just save it anywhere in a
long time oh that is right okay move on
what do we got in here we do heck yeah
we got both of them but it's a nice but
truck what no it's a nice Pat Duffy
truck that's close enough
yes you do this is your favorite thing
that's for you is it a Ryan finger board
keychain yeah oh it says Andy and fam
uh-huh that might be you we don't even
know what is that what is that I don't
for you as absolutely reserved for me is
my this is I think I had one red or Ryan
truck shirt but this is like like
material that I like I'm excited so I
finally get to wear a Ryan tuck shirts
table except Kevin Taylor Karen Cahill
wanna go that was good
what are these stickers stickers people
we're gonna have some plain to do aren't
we
classic rock trucks yeah there's some
just basic Orion trucks solid stuff
another red shirts lucky aren't I - what
is that oh I see the stuff that's for
you that is awesome cool yeah I've not
seen this around yeah truck revving oh
my gosh right right oh this is for this
is for a mom it's a girls T that's for
mommy Allie's yeah that's for you yeah
let's open them up yeah oh I get one too
alright we'll play with these afterwards
right that's awesome
here put them over there and they're
down that was a lot of stuff wasn't it
so just to recap guys yeah we have some
some white and black Oh Ryan T's which I
will give away here on my channel
shortly and then I got some red Orion
T's which is awesome I got a couple of
those and then even one for my wife and
then we got three pairs of trucks we got
the Pat Duffy's we got the Kevin Taylors
which are awesome because I really like
the black base plate and then we just
got a pair of plastic drawers so uh
sweet
yeah stay tuned I'll do it Oh Ryan
giveaway here with the shirts and maybe
I'll do it even do a pair of trucks as
well because I don't need three pairs
right now that's for sure
and then right and got some finger
boards and stickers of course and Jake
my dude even threw in some Reds bearings
which since I have like mini boards
users I can always use bearings right
now so that's awesome this is a lot of
products isn't it ridin yeah oh okay so
what it was again Joe and say thanks to
Ryan trucks were always having my back
then we're getting my truck sponsored
through a little while now for a long
while now actually a year and they
actually do a lot of giveaways on
good stuff so go to their Facebook which
is right too high info and follow them
and you'll be - and a chance to win free
gear when I'm not you know so rock on
check it out
right that's a bag that is a bag of air
that's it hope you guys liked this video
watch out for the giveaway and I will be
back with more videos every single day
even videos with this guy anything you
want to say to YouTube as we leave did
you say like I got any I got nothing and
I think everybody is confused no one
knows what you just said but I love you
you
you're lying in your back thank you
Orion feet you outline your back and you
just shot them was not a door you can
walk outside will again up up what
opening box we're doing it what's
opening the box
yeah and we all go open the trucks
that's true
let's just one try it again all right
you
