this time oh my god what in the world
happened there I don't know Christmas
fell on my head if you didn't say
anything it was terrible
warehouse Wednesday yeah that's what the
day is it's super cold it's like a
normal person probably feels like the
holiday it was like sixty degrees two
days ago I know which one you want to go
hmm hmm josh oaks goes today all right
to warm up you're gonna have to do some
front crooks or go inside you're gonna
do you'll go inside and then you do
these friend crooks they stop you're
gonna do three front crooks two of them
you can do whatever you want and then
the third one we're gonna tell you which
one that and what that's gonna be
it's special one that I think you can do
and then your new mystery challenge and
then you don't know what's gonna happen
because it is a mystery challenge and
then you're going to do three rail
challenges okay okay if you do all three
rail rail challenges you're gonna get
$30 gotta say the words here it's a tier
system it's a three tier challenge okay
we're gonna have one dose and then a
death round okay death if you do these
three rails within five minutes of
skateboarding you'll get $30 if you do
not do that we are gonna mess up your
grip tape and we can do whatever you
want to it make it look as stupid as
possible and you like you've skied deal
all right did you say the 30 bucks I
just hit there you agree this I agree I
was get inside no I just want to point
out the irony of the professional snow
skater feeling that it's too cold out
there he's been complaining about the
cold a lot in the last couple days well
he's a great human being it makes over
that and I was kidding I was kidding
okay let me give you a high five I just
asked him beforehand and I'm gonna clean
it up so we don't litter someone's
coffee in a while gate I did ask you I
said how much do you like that coffee
you said a medium amount I said a lot
that's what I love it
why'd you do that it's super mean
you spill a ruinous coffee dude my hands
are frozen it's cold you're probably so
not warm because he's cold oh yeah you
could do two different types of front
croaks on anything in this place warm up
and then the third one is specific all
right flat barn up for it okay I would
ago said I would never practice I would
know I don't want to ever Fred Krueger
rail I doesn't want to felt that hard
it's very good at Frankfurt yes yes
that's one
you're gonna warm up with a front crook
of the hand around the quarter pipe the
third run Minich him did try to a front
crook to fat tail at another box
I would like to apologize you know
really I'm trying to tell you I'm gonna
buy you three pieces of coffee three
coffees to make up for the little bit of
leptin yours okay I'm sorry I'm just
trying to apologize guys no more no
jokes okay you're very mean I mean just
I joke with him he's pretty durable you
hit me in the face with a frisbee in the
last video I film with you it's true but
her third warm-up I want you to do a
front crook you good front cook fakie
right yeah but I want you to try to go
to back tail in another box it can be
slow it could be crappy okay all right
this might be crazy for a warm-up but he
just uploaded no a front crook nollie
flip and a front crook backside not only
backside look so I'm like dude he's
really talented we got to go hard on him
this isn't this is like a challenge
itself you're like really gonna try to
make this I was like I would go slow I
would make this terrible all right he's
gonna Frankfurt the whole box I'm gonna
be honest though I literally had a
conversation with with gage before that
I start the video and I was like hey how
much do you care about the coffee's I
mean I was like like I've hit your hand
would you be that bummed I mean you try
to justify
literally over first
are you ever gonna land that no you guys
I'm gonna try the rest of my life I'm
never gonna land you never landing good
because I have a Disney quiz for the
mystery challenge okay no Brian get over
here you're the backup answer okay who
is Mufasa as a son Simba
boom Nellie yes see the good thing is
that even if you blow it just makes you
look up non-disney
I would be really bad at this just to
see if Brian knows anything who is
Simba's wife I don't know it's not one I
didn't know he's mad he gets very event
I mean we assume cuz he holds up his own
little baby at the end of it yeah you're
right what's the name of Aladdin's
monkey it's so easy
shoot what's the first letter I'm not
don't know you call a lifeline you want
to call your uncle
boom yes there you go neighbor's dogs
name and I named one character from
frozen the blonde chick Carol Carol a
little like - I've never even seen it
I've never seen I've never seen it
either but I know one it starts with an
E you've now said yeah there you go I'm
not gonna have five year for that
because that was laying on top of it
Elaine how many Disney Princesses you
know that are named Elaine who's twenty
seventeen anything happen he's like most
people have to like throw a stupid trick
shot now I gotta ask Disney questions
all right get that we need that real
you don't have to do the work you you're
a good guy you see our rail challenge we
raise this okay we've got rail gap rail
do any combination and that's round one
you're gonna get your front Kirk to
front board yeah get your pastrami
thermometer out are you wait are you
gonna go this way
five minutes for all of this skating
when you start he presses it got five
minutes in five seconds you're you like
bonus hit
that's like the textbook example of what
I feel like what happened if someone
tried that that's exactly yeah they just
inch it closer
oh that was it
that's how I cam 43 seconds that was
really good though dude
that was really good the fact that you
all eat off of the round rail to normal
people not you know that gets extra
points that's really good
next next one's pretty easy actually
they all we're gonna just set this on
the top of the hub on you gotta do
something on him we might need someone
to hold this and could just sit on the
other side holding it that looks very
scary
choppy me being you yeah okay
you're a nice love you okay I look at
this and I'm like wow all right you're
talented what does it look like in your
office Wow
okay except when he lands it is gonna be
like oh okay he's got a crooked first
try watch whenever you go he starts
that looks tall
three and a half minutes left that was
really good we're making this
nerve-racking aren't we what the death
face piece Brian now we've got a setup a
death rail okay I think we can do that
we're gonna it's gonna be kind of like
this it's gonna get to keep going though
okay we're gonna need that rail over
here gage I'm sorry about the coffee
dude that's okay okay you're so mean I
know what you doing stop it
you're so here's the death rail though
would you do this no I would never do
this
so he's you've got to do a boardslide
and then make this gap all right and
then you gotta go down there how much
time does he have maybe three to five
minutes to do this what he's gonna do it
or get hurt like one of the two those
are the only options all right hey do
you think he's gonna do this easy do I
think yeah
what's he doing I don't even know I'm
just coming toward slide gap boardslide
honestly yeah
that's Josh so you got a fright crooked
Wow I think that what you're thinking
it's correct
I really do things to do this not
thinking okay all right whatever I want
to see it though come on let's see it
all right it looks so sketchy
Wow I moved this a few inches cuz he but
that was easy for it's got exactly three
minutes left three minutes that was so
easy 30 bucks 30 bucks out of your
pocket I don't have pockets we could go
another rail if you wanted
what like after here well I'm not gonna
say no I mean
I didn't know why I don't know I didn't
say look at this would you do this
alright the gap is horrifying
I know it is just got jello dendiface
did you wonderful concerning that thanks
team board fed yeah represent I said
that if anybody walked in this warehouse
wearing this shirt then we're gonna get
hooked up today and you did you were the
only person to do that that worked okay
so 30 bucks have that sure I'm really
sorry about the coffee that's okay I
really congratulations thank you thank
you for for being in this video today he
actually has a YouTube channel he rides
for three blocks skateboards so what did
action what deku skating just getting
the og cats but he also has a YouTube
channel and it's really really cool he
goes around he just travels the country
with his van and lives and it's clearly
skateboards really well so check that
out all of his social media and stuff is
down in the info and I look forward to
future hangouts my friend me too thank
you I do videos here all the time of
course where most of my videos I'm not
annoyingly knocking coffee out of my
friends hands but yeah I do videos here
all time and if you want to see more
just be subscribe button right below the
video and you're signed up to see more
that's it
I will see you guys in the near future
with more content parole just fell are
you okay
I do that's a great point yeah exactly -
yeah Zack pointed out that you were
worse at Disney movies and watching
Disney movies than you are at
skateboarding I'm gonna stream too bad
none I'm not either
hey who's Simba's who's Simba's wife he
doesn't have a wife does a vent yeah he
hopes oh my gosh
googled Simba's wife and look what comes
up Nalla like google
you
