1400 videos 1400 videos that's right
1400 videos I've made a lot of videos
here on YouTube and you guys watch them
that is awesome and I thank you for
watching them but every hundred videos I
do a recap of the last 100 videos on my
channel so here's a highlight reel and
enjoy and then tomorrow I'll be back
with a new video for Tino two-run know
we hit the camera get booked
but hard give me the face you threw it
at me oh it was good good job buddy that
was like corner to Temple how was it
recording we've compiled this list of
other great ways to hold your skateboard
that doesn't make you look so stupid the
here's your pizza the no man i'm not a
skateboard that shad Muska the guy
filming he should be a hype man in a rap
song because I just feel like if you add
rap music to that it would work we'll
see if that worse
his work and pour it in there and please
don't port everywhere no no no no no no
no it goes to the cup it goes the club
the I need a life yeah I need a
skateboard the where mi here's my face
here it is
oh stop it I'll take it no one that's
lapiz oh yeah oh it works oh my gosh it
works oh my god all right I'm going to
catch it hit is doing don't be long
enough right and you're hitting stuff
again
you
this is a taco I've got a date with
Taylor Swift
do it again keep going yeah was it good
hon keep going keep going keep going
just keep going oh you just did your
first splits
you
