where are you
oh wow you scared me that was weird why
were you sitting there creepy because I
knew you're gonna talk around here do
something creepy to me no I just it was
just the image of the door
why are we watching this I don't know
you just get it's a cute a man that's a
Q&A with this time with me it's been a
little while it has been since has been
with me since summer time so it's Rock
time it is Rock time it's not windy for
once you got a that was good
it's like rocking a cup of coffee but
you guys ask the question on my Facebook
and I'm gonna have Brian Eames go
through him and he's gonna pick
something - I bet you some kids ask
multiple questions to ask me you think
yeah they always do you said question
what whatever it's question if
something's go to the rock
let's do a new Rock space new rock yeah
well it doesn't look stable either there
it is you Rock space you and your
freaking coffee yeah we'll sit down
amazing there's like spiders and red
ants on that's good things happening
right now
Oh Justin Monica wants to know why
didn't you double flip homes gap when
you when I took you there the first time
I skied with you I'll just tell a story
Justin Lana Kerr the first time I ever
skated with me he was like there's this
gap in my school
he was like 16 at the time you know he
was younger he's reduces gap my school
was gonna kill you got three full bit
backs it up of a double flippant and we
go there and it's like the size of a 14
stare I swear I Ollie did and I was like
I'm done
good choice drunk yeah that's why
because it was his massive Justin Mike
Alva wasn't he dig deep for this one
are we ever gonna be able to see some
old Beechmont Mob footage on your
channel there is a lot of it on there
good knowing that name he's my mom in a
roundabout way um yeah it's like a lot
of my old footage but you know what I
thought would be cool I've always wanted
to do a beep
bebop documentary like go back and talk
about in an interview us all that'd be
really cool I mean we have I have all
the tape still so like I need to go
through this and like upload all the raw
footage something kind of cool but uh so
this some of it my old skate footage and
goof around like all the goofy screen
footage we go back on my channel like
that's old beam up footage but uh I
don't know maybe you'll see some unseen
beam up footage in the future I just
need to get something to like remove it
from the old 8 millimeters in mini DV
okay all right
Samuel Tabor wants to know what is my
most embarrassing moment so it's his
actual Sam Tabor though right yeah okay
his is he has his yeah his embarrassing
moment probably the time that he dumped
all of the skyline his three-way onto
that lady all dude he was he was I don't
know why he would ask this because we
have somebody stories this guy but so
the lady was like been done with her
meal and she backed up and she kind of
stumbled like she was in a chair and we
were in a booth and he stumped stumbled
and Sam's long legs he was like doing
being exaggerative and like you know how
he like sticks his legs in the air so he
was stuck his leg out like drew manually
getting out of the seat but she backed
up at the right time where he looked
like he was like purposely like cartoon
we tried to trip her she fell back and
then I don't know I don't know how the
three-way got on urban like basically
half of his three-way that was uneaten
just fell right on that I wish I was
there that would be magical the food I
don't film it to be the most viral video
in the world wait he didn't do it on
purpose but it was her shirt was done
I'm sure it's amazing
Oh Tom wodsworth wants it now Square or
she's like all our friends I know that's
three of them no one else we can't do
that that's Tom's question he wants to
know squares or girls man
different press square I don't know
that's where Tom square square for fun
but like this circle have some pros to
hate going down round David David's like
a lat
from flat bar one slides absolutely
round anything else pretty much where
Gerardo wants to know what's your
favorite wwg webisode what is that I'm
saying
wer revenge I was trying to think like
what's sitcom uh I don't know that's
tough that is really cuz the last like
ten I don't know that you know I feel
like it eats I feel like we should be
getting bored with them or something but
like we I have like fun every single
time put one together so like I'm always
like proud of the last one that I did
but fifty one's really good fifty was
fun forty nine I go back and watch him I
was watching old ones like last night
yeah I watch them with riding riding
started watching them which it's funny
watching though it's hilarious nor so
bad but I don't know I would probably
say within one of the last
50 49 50 and 51 that's not one but
that's my answer
Jack Daugherty wants to know will we
ever know why you were ready maybe I
don't know you know what I'm gonna do I
don't even know I'm gonna put it like in
my wheel or something like oh by the way
this is it but it's like what why would
I why would I spill the secret on that
because like at this point it's been so
long like enough no answer could be
satisfying unless I was like aliens came
down and if I didn't wear red the world
would explode like that's like the only
scenario that would be like oh that's
alright that's impresses me you know I
got that's a good reason yeah I probably
pretty bomb yeah
easy so I don't know eventually probably
someday you probably won't care about
time you know I Jerry Jerry wants to
know what are your thoughts on Aaron's
carrot juice I don't know I can see it I
can see it right now I can't do
it's impressive it is still there
because there's other people that are
kind of near our warehouse and no one
has removed it Aaron he drank some of it
he set it down in front of your car Jake
like this much yep he got into your car
and he flew on back to California yeah
his character is sitting right there
going Instagram Aaron cars carriages
it's amazing a picture of it every
morning hi you two sometimes people
contribute yeah Casey Bechtler did the
one today I was at the upside down
waters upside down upside down all right
let's scare you nope now you jumped a
little bit mmm
yeeeeesss Pablo wants to know he says he
doesn't want to anything he says I don't
have anything to ask us want to you want
to tell you that you inspire me a lot
Pablo Pablo uses Pablo Jesus oh well
thank you
that means a lot literally it's like
that's what keeps keeps us all going is
reading something that so you rock we
would keep being us alright got another
one
Jordan wisly wants to know what's your
least favorite flip trick my least least
favorite are three shoves a flip trick
does that count because that's awful
that's one guy it's the dumbest feeling
thing in the world I mean like you know
like I'm definitely all about like no I
don't like hate on people for doing
certain Flemish but I personally do not
want to do that trick I also don't like
fakie like 540 big flips or whatever
they're called like 50 big wrecking the
board doesn't 540 flip and then you do a
I don't like that I not that I've ever
done one like if I could like pop them
in the air land I'm solid I might like
them
No so those two prepper McCrea wants to
know did you like going to school when
you were kid yeah I mean that when I was
a kid yeah who doesn't high school
didn't really interest me at all because
like I don't know high school is the
time we're like I feel like you could
probably moving on like I actually
learning what you were doing at some
point during high school and it wasn't
like interesting like I didn't interest
me like so in any of my time what any
time in my life where I thought that I
wasn't like actively learning something
I cared about I wasn't really a fan of
but when I got to college that was cool
because you're like you're learning
really interesting stuff stuff that you
actually care about because that's what
you're going to school for yeah
College is awesome high school the
elementary school is like the best thing
in the world
well I've liked high school a lot I like
high scores only the classes you know
about learning yeah like high school was
like the best time in the world but
actual class yeah but stay in school
there's always that Costanza wants to
know where did you propose to your wife
uh Newport on the levee Northern
Kentucky across it like it like
overlooks the river that over that you
can see Cincinnati so I was like oh like
nighttime and the lights and the river
and Cincinnati and I was like eh marry
me yeah I made a no romantic I had some
big thing where like I had all our
family members like up this big
staircase and then she didn't know they
were gonna be there but I surprised her
after like a nice date at a fine-dining
restaurant and I walked up the stairs
and each family member had a rose and I
would ask I basically like say a little
thing about them and then I would like
ask them for their blessing and then
they'd hand me the rose the big yes I
gave me permission then today me a rose
at the top that she you know it was like
her parents and then they gave me their
roses and then I gave her seven roses
which is like kind of like a number it
is a number waving to the the USPS yeah
it's good and then I then I took her
over to the outlook and I proposed right
and she said yeah and then we got
married that huh yeah Mike Mesirow wants
to know if there's one message to tell
your YouTube community what would it be
what do you want them to ultimately take
from what you do I don't know I feel
like the best thing I could that my
YouTube people that watch these could
take from it is basically like I hope
that I'm an example of like you know if
you like really like put your brain to
something and like just don't give up
and try like you can kind of make your
life whatever you want
to be which I you know I thought that
when I was growing up but I was like
it's one of those things like I know I
can do it I know I can do it but it's
like the back of your mind you're like
no you can't no you can't you know you
always have that battle and I finally I
just kept going and now I get to wake up
and do exactly what I want and have a
family and basically run my own life so
yeah let that be an example that was so
serious and cheesy I know but it was I
mean seriously that's what it's all
right well Dylan Schrader wants to know
what your medical Orion count that's a
good runner up uh I'm gonna go five okay
they were like give you a it should be
like five they ever give you like a
stand like I don't like this sounds neat
let's put this in a five five a big
number where's like fifty thousand it
special number five hundred if I'm gonna
go five appreciate I hit you in the face
do it all paving the face and then is
gone forever
I knew I was sacrificing a dirt don't
Rosco Monson it wins your next book
coming up yeah hopefully this holiday
season I'm actively riding it every
single night I'm writing it but you will
need to read the first one first so if
you don't you can go I mean I'll put the
info down there but yeah
probably probably of people don't know
that I wrote a book like this idiot can
write book I did I did that so I'm
working on it
later this year hopefully I'm reading it
you're not reading it I will be oh you
will read it yeah that's a better way to
wear that Sal D police wants to know
what's your input on the jenkum article
about the YouTube skateboarding well Sal
you know what that was kind of funny
because jenkum like even came to me
afterwards they're like I don't know
what if people are actually reading this
or not they're like but I was the
articles about like you guys actually
doing something awesome and being on top
of your your stuff and a lot of people
read the article I just thought they
were talking trash honest but if you
read it and you actually read the words
they're actually saying really good
things so I was psyched on it it was a
good it was a good argument
I was good article yeah
alien hepped install wants to know would
you ever allow Brian to look after
riding I would I would set a camera and
press on her core and absolutely let you
watch him
honey you're a competent intelligent
human being I know you'd take care of
him but it would be the most
entertaining thing there probably would
be amazing that's the conversations you
guys would have I can actually like have
a conversation well yeah but the way you
talk to kids is amazing last question
guy was gonna put a dog as a tennis
question in here Bennet never seen
number one yeah he asks least favorite
Star Wars movie in life try attacking
the clones
agree with you I mean Phantom Menace had
that thing where like it was Star Wars
and it was back so you're excited yeah
and then the battle between Anakin and
obi-wan is pretty epic so that kind of
saves that but then four five and six
are perfect you know Justin of FedEx
we're getting here right now y'all
Salonika in FedEx so attack loans that's
it guys well I'll do this again though
I'm probably do like Brian and some
other revived dudes before I do myself
again but I hope you guys dug that we
try to pick some different or he tried
to pick some different questions I
didn't know what he's doing and that is
it subscribe if you want to see daily
videos I do a bunch of stuff bunch of
weird stuff and then that's it Brian hi
you think I'm gonna do your hat please
take your hat off and throw it throw it
not dude it can be take your head I'll
throw it no I'm not doing that
no I thought it was worth a try
here's a rock we'll never see the light
of day ever again
he's gone so Brian I have an empty nerf
gun right here what do you think that
what I think the odds of Justin Ilana
curbing afraid when I go and shoot him
Hanabusa okay where is Justin Jensen my
cabin Jensen my question what do you
laugh of that back there I wasn't
laughing ah
