are you ready what to skateboard what's
up thank you
hey let's get these fun palm and play
Wow I don't mean to say anything you got
it
what so it is a hot day but we're the
skate park and we're gonna play we're
gonna do some playing are we gonna play
don't throw grass
hey you don't they're grass people
police you apologize yeah thank you I
needed this dirt is this your skateboard
sir have that what else we need buddy oh
you ready to go I mean these are big
bangs I gotta help
you're so creative right in are you
gonna land it up it was sloppy but you
did it he just does it for fun show me
something
do it oh my gosh
that was amazing you just did a foot
stall on the quarter pipe you're gonna
do a rock and roll on this quarter pipe
are you up for the challenge
alright so what you're gonna do is I'm
gonna help you roll up this okay and
you're gonna go like this
let your board go over and bring it back
in and go back down okay now push back
on the tail switch 360
so go Bob a venue available over this if
I can write fail - Danielle okay I
didn't need to say anything he's got it
you
name it name you guys on your shoes
Michelangelo's right there yeah Oh
Donatello you know the other guys got
the other foot Leonardo well you got two
of them
high-five with your head oh good I don't
even need to tell you what to say and
you got it hey I love you
