warehouse Wednesday Oh oh my gosh that
thing makes the noise that I hate oh
that's disgusting but I have a Peter Pan
sword
take my hand sir all right this week you
have to warm up and doing three tricks I
don't really care how you do three
tricks for using warm up doing three
tricks then you have ten minutes to do a
number of not sure how many we're doing
drinks how many doing we're doing a
certain amount of tricks no no no no no
no all right you have to do three warm
tricks and give me whatever you want
they don't have to be skateboarding you
could literally get a box of freaking
cards out and do magic tricks I don't
care okay you're gonna do as many flip
trick combos you can do okay so to grind
flip trick manual either ones don't
matter because you're good at it you do
in or out though within ten minutes
understand how you do you get money yeah
so I have a secret list that you're not
gonna read until the end you're gonna
see how many you can do and then we're
gonna look at this and see how much
money you made okay okay good ten
minutes three more tricks ten minutes
whoa
oh gosh I'm getting out of here telling
songs that was like a flying saucer it's
like a flying saucer it's like a it's
like a flying saucer it's kind of coming
after us it would take a flying saucer
duck how would you enjoy warming up
friend I want a stamp a there lay on the
ground and then all over them to manual
this is already off to a good start
perfect over here oh yeah
signet ring
I'll back tail the box let's first try
this doesn't matter not try trick third
try - you're not doing any flip tricks
for your warmup for the flip trick combo
video and Doug didn't miss a trick
he did not miss any trick are you ready
Brian we need your pocket watch I'll
better clean it up Bhagu babysit ten
minutes
man your pad first flipping it put me in
the ante
I was a kickflip nose wheelie - you have
two minutes left
he's on eight 1/2 plus I was too close
but he did it he did it three you're a
fish still on the scoreboard of money I
should move you should move seven half
minutes never mind never mind he can't
win five that was first right first
right he has five a half minutes left
six minutes there six tricks he's done
six yes
se7 second he's doing silly tricks in
five minutes pig nose head on the rail
I'm gonna be honest you just reached the
top tier of money have you do this
double or nothing
double or nothing double order double
yeah just double because I'm gonna give
you money I'm not gonna do nothing this
is how you where else Wednesday
you got it plenty time buddy
to double your money you touch my nose
you did it he freaking did it with 38
seconds left so it was sloppy but it
made the buzzer
Douglas how many tricks did he do I
don't know it was eight see you got your
$20 that was the maxi hey but since you
win the upper hand and you did a very
good trick on the rail we doubled it
it's $40 dollars okay thank you
you knew that if you're doubling I knew
it was I can do things I knew it
stammers in the bathroom either talking
on the phone or talking to himself or
something's happening in there or
talking to herself on the phone sure I
knew it
