you too what's up guys so I haven't done
one of these in a little while and if
you have never seen a funniest Bluebird
montage well then you're in for it
because things are about to get pretty
weird but I do talking bits on my
channel everyone smile and when I mess
them up or get frustrated it gets weird
and it's pretty goofy so here's a
montage of all my mess ups and spaz outs
and weird things okay so now further ado
here's the funniest Bluebird montage
1500 and I bet you nobody gets that
screw out of the comments everyone's
gonna be correcting my grammar good bye
hello YouTube you need to be ready for
anything in life that hurt
skating a bit okay it's kind of a bit
right now is because I'm really dead
wow I didn't mean to do any of that
you're gonna shoot me are you ready to
shoot me is that why you're holding that
gun eventually here's my face as I love
spending time with my son that's not
that's not a fact that's that is a fact
as a absolute fact it is not a myth it's
not what about trying to say here making
right now someone please get those and
edit into a song okay an auto-tune it
it'll probably a crazy viral like way
more than any my videos have ever gotten
viewed but either way I'll be excited
because I deserve that at this point so
this will happen late April there's a
new one April it's like the lazy to come
a combination of months Mark March ireri
that doesn't it make sense we've we've
marched right I've been putting too much
thought into this okay that's not a
secret a secret that's not a freakin
secret you idiots but this is my life no
this is an update video got that just
completely backwards to the normal swing
of things
ish I mean like life's a little less
my face got frozen and just because I
say the same thing he's an update videos
parks alleys skate parks plural one
skate parked one two one one one two
Ollie's and that maybe might not make
sense but then they do if you do make
sense to into the in me sounding very
weird
I'm surprised you say that again except
there are critics on I'm stupid I'm done
I meant to have done I mean I know the
MIDI I've done is that I'm stupid more
in California so cuz early this morning
or late a few it so but wow I can't talk
okay you would get over here you under
this video you want to this video
because that's just because this I don't
know but either way it's like that you
see what so me I'm tried that your
training thought of yours and you're
just sending
Cascadia the dance song nothing oh come
over girl I want to be with you way I'm
getting a lot of father-son time so
that's awesome but I could I thought
that shovel had been the last of me what
is the things that you don't care about
is that I care about like I can't say
this right now I'm just gonna come to go
on I'm gonna move on I'll keep you warm
literally made of five Ali's a park
skatepark Johnny your how that hurts my
gosh I just like hit my fingers
why does hitting things hurt like this
hurt oh really
I just touched I just I just touched the
desk hard and it hurts human body is an
idiot you know another thing I just
spilled coffee all over all over and it
miraculously
missed missed my phone which is right
here Bry names what is that come on and
praline whatever things would that
Bryan's talking about it's daddy got me
all goggle ated what been watching this
movie okay and I could I could what gosh
what freaking sweating
move I'm need to calm down I need to
just they had a chill pill I would
actually take it right now I would buy
them and they like wow that guy's on
pills I hear the chill pill
forgetting to chill out take one take
one the chill out about the chill pills
all right what's up guys you know what
that was every sound that you did not
want to hear always be ready
that was like corner to temple you idiot
yeah you laughing dude you many I like
that's like someone took a freaking like
brick and hit me in the side of the head
with it it was cold it was it hurt it
hurts so bad happening and one of the
next year we have yeah next year we have
yeah all right the fact that that clip
is on the internet shows you shows you
everything you ever need to know about
me really
you
then I'm totally making this revive
water which is probably already a
product somewhere is it revived water
I'm drinking this for the rest of the
video I would have forced life time dude
you're freaking Christmas present get
rerouted again I really don't care I
don't care to talk about this right now
I do
you
