YouTube what's up guys so I get
questions of you guys and what type of
board choice and what size deck choice
game and I'm gonna make a little video
showing you guys how to pick out your
first skateboard so we're here at
concrete sitting here on beachfront
Avenue in Cincinnati Ohio and we're
gonna pick out your first skateboard
pitcher and favorite this thing I want
you to know before I'd say any of this
stuff is that get a real actual
skateboard okay don't go to Target or
Walmart and get a cheap one you could
technically learn how to do some stuff
on that but once you actually get trying
real tricks like take a break in fact I
was doing a video where I skated one
joking around and I broke it the first
trick I did so go to real skate shop or
like an online skate shop owned by a
skateboarder and you know put your money
toward an actual skateboard made for
skateboarders that said let's pick out
some skateboard stuff this concrete
cities board wall they have a lot of
option on myself of course we get a
revived skateboard I ride for them I own
them and that's you know it's good wood
but so is when you're starting out like
you know any deck at a real skate shop
is good gonna be decent quality like so
don't think too much into it you can go
with what brand you want to back what
graphic you like if you don't have a
preferred brand but the size is pretty
much the big thing that you're gonna
want to know here um I would suggest an
8 inch deck because that's kind of a
good medium it's not too skinny and it's
not too wide I get a lot of questions
saying I weird this size shoe or I'm
this tall what size deck I should ride I
know dudes that are over 6 feet tall
that skates 7 7 5 s and I know you know
guys that are 5 foot tall this skate 8.5
deck so it's really it's like your own
preference so go with an 8 inch and then
kind of feel it and as you buy more
boards in the future you can kind of
find out what you like what it was just
like I'm walking it on like the the LCD
screens I'm watching pre-youtube
you know what I'm saying like it was
kind of cool it was like oh that's the
hue to surf that's Stephen are we I
thought I was a character I'm not
Stephen I'm just stop talking that was
me and I feel bad but I'm it made the
cut don't worry it made the cut no all
right since you want to be a character
pick your smart wait hold on you're
Timmy from Arkansas okay Timmy from
Arkansas hmm do you guys gold lifeline
it is what size is it this is a 7 7 5 G
to get an 8 Timmy put it back on the
shelf a red light
lines active what I'm skating right now
the right Oh Andy Shaw let's put it on
the counter alright let's put it on the
counter so once you got your deck picked
out you probably want to move on to your
trucks I honestly don't know truck sizes
all the time my head I all the time I
ask like a skate shop guy or you know my
guys over on trucks know as skate shops
that's an awesome reason to come to a
skate shop not only because you're
supporting your local scene but they
have the information okay so if I was
getting an eight-inch deck and we have
stuff like you have a chart right there
you know get the the right size truck
for the right size board and like this
this is kind of another thing your since
you're learning how to skateboard you're
not gonna really know what truck you
want so just pick a basic truck you know
are you right for Orion so of course I'm
gonna back them but there are a lot of
good other truck companies out there and
there's a lot of standard trucks if you
don't want to spend money on the painted
ones you know you can get like a raw
metal one and it's it's awesome and
you're good to go you also need socks
does that make you skate better yes
alright so now we're gonna have Timmy
pick out some trucks got some rail
trucks on the other side ya know you're
on the other side for this one Timmy
suddenly got a job at this gate job yeah
put him on alright wheels let's move the
wheels here are your wheels and it kind
of goes the same thing you're not going
to necessarily need to know what brand
the best advice I can give is get a
white wheel off your skating Street
because those are gonna be hard wheels
on your skating Street you want hard
wheels they move across the surface
without sticking as much and they're
generally a harder ninety-nine durometer
you can always look at the wheels just
make sure you're not buying a soft wheel
is the important thing but if by all
means if you're skating skate parks
especially some wooden ramps and stuff
and you want softer wheels go for
software wheels but just kind of think
of what you want to skate as you're
learning and get accordingly if you're
gonna skate a lot of like concrete skate
parks and streets get a harder wheel
white wheels are not dyed so they're not
gonna be softer from the dye and the
urethane and the size is the biggest
thing I would say go with about what do
you what you think 50 - yeah - alright
53 yeah 52 53 is a good medium it's not
too small it's not too big so go with
those millimeters and then as you buy
wheels the future you can kind of change
and see what you like also get socks let
me pick out your wheels for sorry our
wheels you want to get some bearings and
again you can get some really decent
cheap bearings that guy a lot of times
skate
China Berlin red or you know if you want
to get expensive ones the last longer
the bone Swiss are great but for now
just you know get whatever bearing to
kind of put in your wheel and then as
you get continue skateboarding you put
more money to it if you want to what
would you suggest with your Jake the new
stapler or tippy from Arkansas yeah
tippy from Arkansas would get reds
because their middle price 1617 bucks
and a good set of bearings yeah and
that's all what we saw right we're kids
would that's all grab your bearings
teeny we got your accessories up here
and which brings us to hardware right
there's some revived hardware right
there Hardware nest doesn't necessarily
matter you got to figure out if you like
Phillips or Allen head I first like
Phillips because it's easy to get a
screwdriver to take your board apart or
you force Hardware you wanna get both
put force hardware we already got a
revived a-okay horse hardware to me one
thing that I really like about hardware
is that I get hardware that has
different colored bolts so I can kind of
differential or my nose and tail is
because when you're skating that matters
so but hardware's not too extreme don't
get a really long bolt get like a
one-inch part basic set of hardware and
if you want to diff you know if you want
to figure out what the nose and tail is
easy get a different multicolored bolts
right multicolored bolts then of course
grip tape okay these days grip tape used
to be a lot simpler now there's so many
options so many graphics but I skate am
grip so I get that it's a really good
like it's not too thick but it grips
your feet really well but a lot of like
companies have some basic grip tape out
there that's not too expensive to light
a night attack onto a board so you know
they're Jessop there's a lot of good
companies I'm gonna of course tell you
the skate am grip but if your skate shop
doesn't carry that you're good to be
able to get something basic that works
out just fine Timmy's going in the back
of the skate shop to get his grip tape
and thus finishes our complete we're
done now what we're gonna do is we're
gonna see how how much all this would
cost so you guys get an idea of what it
costs to get a real good quality actual
skateboard complete skate shop complete
skateboard from a real skate shop from
Timmy and Arkansas I mean Timmy and
ourselves getting a rebel yes yes you
can
Timmy just so happens to work at this
shop as well so he's gonna ring it up
for us so I'm gonna get it off of
discount now you got to give us a real
price bucko all right so it will be one
sixty-two sixty-three
for the board Andy yeah welcome to me
Timmy's gonna put that together now and
that's really it okay
a lot of people flip out and stress
trying to figure out how to do all this
stuff but just pick some basic stuff put
these to your skateboard together and
have fun that's it I'm gonna do a trick
inside the skate shop which most skate
shops probably wouldn't let you do this
concrete see skateboards sport your
local skate shop seek awesome guys like
me working there you won't really see
straw say thank you for let me do this
oh hey thanks for coming in and TV hi
Andy we got time scene I'll see you okay
bye alright guys open yeah
Let Me In you would do that
