all right let's pause for a second okay
and I know that wasn't that crazy of a
fall like it didn't hurt him that bad it
was mildly humorous sure didn't feel
good you know it wasn't like camping
with a Game Boy does that feel good yeah
I feel good they'll be cool right my
point is that the way he reacts to this
fall is hands down why I'm making this
video boom look at that smile
dcadt smile it could be a commercial for
Crest toothpaste they are like
magnificent toothpicks and that's a
company it should be but its target if
it's not it was so magnificent
toothpicks either way look at that smile
dude Thomas is really happy dude but
that is like super happy I was like a
new level of happiness I don't remember
when the last time that I looked that
happy like I don't I don't look like
hand looked unhappy and I thought for a
second and I was like you know what how
happy does he look like when he lands
tricks so I went back to the one of his
better clips and we were eventually one
that just came out and this is what he
looks like when he rolls away from a
nollie shove-it late flip on a hip look
at that face he could intimidate Michael
Myers probably not not at all that
wasn't true but it felt like the right
thing to say when I when I just didn't
think and started talking okay look so
fall pull down on your facial his
shoulder region this face nollie
shove-it on the hip that face mixed up
buddy
Tomas alvarez you are Ramona interesting
dude my friend yep so that's weird
doesn't make sense let's continue okay
let's hear what Tomas has it says after
he smiles at us like a Colgate Adam dude
I'm good I knew that's gonna happen it's
like you knew it was gonna happen
like yeah who goes into a trick thinking
like this is gonna happen I'm gonna do
it then that happens kind of think that
he was going for this fall whew that's
gonna happen deep down he was trying to
fall and he succeeded and he was more
happy than when he landed the trick
there's like something that's not right
this house however is he's like one he's
one of the most terrific skateboards in
the world but he liked that fall okay
like he wanted he wanted this was it was
it turn Louie would you like pain or
something is like like a mess kissed
like a machinist his machinist he's a
machine but at least he informs you I
mean like you know I didn't
I don't think I did in that clip I just
let him talk and nothing okay he knew it
was gonna happen
and he's alright like I knew I got
mauled and he fell I filmed it the only
information dude I'm good I knew that's
gonna happen I got even need to do
anything even need to land the trick
like I was like I've been done and happy
there on the bright side this really
does make you feel good about falling
and that was a bad fall and he popped
out smiling like that I'd be like well
I'm scared now I'm not now I'm gonna get
freedom marshmallows and toast them on
the fire that you just started your
hearts because it's just a warm feeling
right now I'm gonna put this after other
skate Falls and let's see the vibe that
it puts off okay let's see if Thomas can
save these injuries from feeling bad
okay I mean these guys didn't like their
falls but Thomas is gonna make it all
better watch this dude I'm good I do
that's gonna happen dude I'm good I knew
that's gonna happen okay time I'm
telling you Thomas is on to something
here so that's Thomas Alvarez he's one
of the most positive awesome human
beings you will ever meet yeah he's your
friend it's a good friend to have and he
does do a crazy skateboarding tricks he
I'll show you a couple tricks he let on
they hit the but he totally has been
killing it I we the newer vibe
randomness has some really really good
flip tricks from him so stay tuned but
either way this is Thomas Alvarez
skateboarding people
that's it I hope you guys dug this fall
Friday I do these were epic Falls and
kind of talk about him Andrew make fun
of them and you know this what you just
saw I do this about every two weeks so
in two weeks I'll be back with another
one but I do videos every single day so
if you liked what you saw hit the
subscribe button and that's it and if
you do math correctly I'll be doing
another video tomorrow because that's
really English correctly right if you
heard English correctly I'll be back
tomorrow with freak another video but
I'm going to show you guys some behind
the scenes trick or stuff right here
okay notice the holes in the desks okay
Brian got angry earlier in the day and
he smashed that desk okay that's what
males do sometimes to get anger they hit
things and that is what Brian hit me
I wanted to match it so I did it and I
was kind of sitting down sudden have
leverage and I made that little hole so
I wrote manly Brian little Andy and I'm
gonna I'm gonna since I am I'm a dude
and I want I got to be better you know
we're all about competition I'm gonna
make a bigger hole right here right now
are you kidding me that is smaller than
this one all right fine you know what at
the end of the video I'm gonna cut to a
clip of me punching a board making a big
hole out of it but first I'm gonna write
something yep that's it isn't even a
word I it actually might be littler I
don't know I'm done music take it away
so here's that footage that I promise if
you mean bunching a hole in a board okay
oh it works oh I told you I can do it
okay there's a little few people out
there that think I have testosterone in
mine in my blood
what this is me I'm done let me go find
your desk
