killer day at the skate park Oh sick
algae that was friggin park
dude that was fully best cute fully perf
sick and best dead no way mall grabbin
are serious
some people think skateboarding is all
about having fun self progression and
good times with the friends those people
are dumping any person with a brain can
tell you that skateboarding is about
clothing style and how you hold your
board so don't get caught mall grabbing
we've compiled this list of other great
ways to hold your skateboard that
doesn't make you look so stupid the
here's your pizza the no man I'm not a
skateboard that shad Muska the I wish I
had talent the I'm a Harry Potter nerd
the hey man I'll shovel your driveway
for ten bucks the call of duty the
here's your food the I probably listen
to Nickelback the reason why I'm single
the I'm in a river paddling a boat the I
wish I had a band the how do they do
this in India the I need of life the I
need a skateboard the where am i I'm
right down here just remember something
as trivial as how you hold your
skateboard matters
everything was sick there that one is
dumb everything was perfect out that one
cute they say that all the time all my
cute
it sounds so cheesy I have to know what
everything you're saying is cheesy you
know what maybe like what are you doing
