hey dude dude you stop trying to steal
my show come on now here have this take
that you can help though little guys
trying to steal my see my thing he is
he'd be good at it too Gregor all the
way over here for but anyways this week
you are gonna warm up doing three late
flipz hi w how that any way you want to
and then your that's happening so three
late flip warm ups three late flip warm
ups and then a five out tre flip he
gives this cup he attend tries whose the
ten-minute no 10 tries you don't need a
attend tries won't roll it up looking at
what its gonna be will give them 15
tries 15 tries Bryden is in a puddle 50
is that right and get out of the he's
finally get get out of the mud buddy
shoot the nerf gun you already did I
didn't even get that on go get it he hit
me off camera you got it what do you say
yeah
are you nervous I mean that's a big
prize I want to read the warm-up before
the warmup wait what you got
first trick of the day just like that oh
my gosh
what were you shaking your head that was
amazing 15 tries to a 500 a phlebotomist
top watch out 15 for 15 tries thank you
you notice it you still got it out
though he doesn't get Batman Cup 20
bucks in the magic card anthing passage
it's a 3-2 it's a 3-2 tell your kids you
can't block until end of turn
first try good try that'd be really good
if he just did it would but I was the B
second
oh my gosh he did technically do it we
did that smooth it up you got it he
escalated quickly
it really did oh that was pretty doggone
a ladder I like how this is your reward
but you just go to eating watermelon I'm
gonna go celebrate in a different way
though here you want to come walk come
watch here hold 503 fruits are cool but
so is breaking something
you
you want the first kicker you want me to
punch it first yeah I'm gonna palm in a
punch a person that I might watch oh it
works oh my gosh it works you wanna try
maybe kick it hurts your hand or just
walk away
