what is up YouTube now that's not how i
say that is how i'm saying we're doing
an unboxing video it's been a second
since i've done just a unboxing video on
my channel and i've got a big package
full of stuff from a very nice set of
mystery fans i opened it in there I
didn't look look through it I saw was
inside and I freaked out and I was like
this has got to be on a video and it's
to him and I okay so decided to do that
there's this with him since it's the
Christmas season you know you people are
getting gifts people are giving gifts
and I thought it would be a fun way to
kick off the father-son Christmas season
so this is so big we're just gonna put
it down here alright maybe I'll do it
like this a little bit okay alright are
you ready
dun dun dun I put tape back on it oh my
gosh first off no no laughs don't look
don't look look at this this is a Star
Wars jacket with what it's your name
this is amazing this is the thing that I
saw and I immediately freaked out I was
like oh this has got to be in a video so
look at it oh it's like it's thick and
warmer and this is gonna keep you warm
put it on right now you gotta put this
on right now dude it's nice look at that
alright here put your arm in it
get your arm in there you're like doing
it's a stolen employee or is it ploy you
are goofy and I love you whoa come here
look at the back it has kylo Ren on it
can you see it look look at the screen
yeah I know I saw that when you got it
know that in all that's amazing dude
make it probably make a kylo Ren face
that's it that's your kylo Ren face is
that what employees do this is one of
the coolest things anyone has ever sent
to us I love it I just it was his
personalized - right and that means the
world to me
all right we got more stuff my gosh
Groot and Rocket I should figure pack
with a comic book
we're totally reading that comic book
except I'm going to look at it first
make sure it's okay for you to read why
because you're 5 yeah because you know
right alright so this is what it has it
shows you're like on the back it shows
you a picture of a adult this is like
more of the comic group clearly is not
as cute and lovely as he is in the movie
but that is really cool dad all right
let's set that aside
look this all right so here's all of the
guardians a little action figure stand
pack they're not like fully movable but
they're on little stands there that's
kind of cool Drax is huge that is
awesome dude yeah then change color have
you seen a pig have you seen this no I
saw big ears nothing that's what I meant
that's pretty cool yeah so I guess this
is a race car from cars three but their
cars in general that goes in water so
what does it do I think I scriptures I
don't know she says nothing about it
going into water so maybe you saw
something different but a let's go and
we could try the water
dun-dun-dun oh my gosh that was an
Ironman that you get to put together
amen amen three yes from Iron Man 3 is
this a snack or a toy why Oh what should
I eat this no I'm I'm pretty sure it
says right here small parts not for
children under three do not eat right in
that says that to you you get to pick it
out there you go grab this it has like
whoa super boy who do you mean here is
that Iron Man it's like a tiki statue
Iron Man mom is gonna like this well you
have a girlfriend or a wife or a mom you
wanna have cool stuff in your house you
get him stuff like this that's cool
stuff but it also looks like it could be
a piece of art like month good thing mom
doesn't watch all of our videos so on
the back yeah there's with venom ones
awesome dude there's Wolverine there's
Deadpool there's venom there's
spider-man there's black panther look at
mom we should just get all of these and
then hide we're on the house and mom'll
just one day like why are all these
superhero tiki torches around us turn
Tiki statues here is a plane from planes
I forgot this movie came out did you
ever see this that's pretty cool though
I'm sure if you pull it back it goes I
don't know I'm not so sure but either
way that's pretty cool there's so much
stuff in here here's a book shake to
assemble tap Hulk to start action I'm
tapping it what was that what does that
do
I don't know what this does so cool
whole book that's awesome
that's what I'm about to say writing
really loves books so that is really
cool wait what are we got we got a boat
there as a ship it's a helicopter
frightening you knew that right yeah
this is helicopter from the movie planes
that's cool this stack is so big
whoa that is really cool here's what
I've seen these I've never actually seen
one though so just into the story so
cool here's a brick head Lego of Ironman
what is this what is this it's like a
ten wind-up Darth Vader
it's like the opposite of a stuffed
animal 10 it's like a mental some Darth
Vader growl actually what is that face
Oh fairy wings you can be Tinkerbell
there's wings for everybody we got their
car from cars this is Trent croto yeah
do you know who that is
I've seen Carson forever I don't even
watch man got a spider-man right there
now if Captain America I am an insult
I'm just kidding I was about to say Iron
Man them and I realized Iron Man was
actually on there but yeah totally
Captain America there this is called The
Avengers beginnings this is cool this is
probably the stuff we need to like be
that that's gonna be awesome dude
there's one more thing if I can get to
it oh look at this a bunch of Marvel vs.
Capcom posters dude look at that yeah oh
the remember we saw that by remembers -
dang man - I am Mega Man's on there
that's the Capcom part and Street
Fighter all those dudes all right so
this is a ton of stuff so what I'm gonna
do because Bryden and I go through a lot
of toys over on our channel turbo toy
time and we don't keep those toys we put
them up for a donation to go to families
who can use them and since this is a ton
of stuff I like to teach right and I
used to work for his things
I'm gonna let him keep like pick like
three things out I might pick one thing
for myself like the teak of things
awesome the Legos awesome and then the
rest I'm going I might do a turbo toy
time with it's ultimately most of this
stuff is gonna go to donation to go to
someone else they can use it that being
said from the bottom of my heart I do
want to give a special thanks to
Isabella and Luigi thank you the Bella
and Luigi yes it seriously it means the
world that anyone out there that watches
our videos we care - just send us stuff
and I actually have a lot of stuff in my
warehouse that I need to go through so
if you have sent anything to the PIO box
and what
thank you I'm gonna get to it - anyone
out there that's ever sent me anything
that is simply my fingers never got to
me
I am from deeper bottom of my heart so
sorry I do my best it's just it's a
tough life to stay on top of and but I
see things like this it just breaks my
heart to think that I don't have enough
time to do this for every single box
that's sent to us but it does mean a lot
and ridin when you get things in life we
work for it right mmm we don't get to
just keep keep keep it is Christmas time
I'm gonna let you keep a few of these
and then we're gonna put some of these
to good use in turbo toy time if you
guys want to check out that channel just
right down below in the info just click
it and it'll take you over the channel
don't fall asleep on me sit up get
tickled this is honestly just so rad
actually out here I'll let you keep the
books the jacket and you can keep it one
of the toys to keep okay right yeah you
get books and jacket too and we'll use
the others for turbo time so it's fun
you want to do the action called the
action figure guys it's probably the
biggest that's pretty cool look at that
all right there you go
once again thank you so much Isabella
and Luigi you guys are the best thank
you guys for watching this we need you
one like one father-son video a week
typically so next time it'll be a more
traditional not just an unboxing but I
do it here all the time so if you want
to see more from me just hit the
subscribe button right down below it's
free and easy and your yourse time to
see more and riding the loves that toy
you're just staring it Merry Christmas
time buddy hope you guys are having a
great Christmas season - yeah I will see
you tomorrow with a warehouse Wednesday
the glutes or change did you just lose
interest because you knew you're about
to take you until Christmas Zelda do you
you will get tickled
why don't you sing a Christmas song as
grooved as baby group song all he says
is I am Groot
so here to be like I am Groot I am Groot
I am Groot I am Groot I'm getting tickle
dog cat
