here's to what's up guys so uh different
type of video I'm doing a skate test I'm
actually never done one of these but
I've always had the idea I got a new
pair of shoes there's these are the s
accel Slim's they're red that was what
piqued my interest to begin with because
it's really hard to find good red shoes
so I thought it'd be fun to see how the
first session without breaking in at all
just goes and I was just gonna put these
on to how they feel and see how they
skate on you know first first time on
your feet on your board we're never
gonna call it so here's the shoe if you
guys really want to see what they look
like definitely check out some ass
product shots like on the Instagram they
have a handful of pictures of these
things but a big thing that attracted me
to these is they have the extra
stitching on the toe a lot of shoes are
just smoothed over and I can skate those
but I prefer not to
I feel like this it just makes me feel
my flip tricks way more like double
flips all that stuff just happen easier
when that has extra stitching on the toe
so yeah I'm throwing it okay it's a cup
sole too so it feels really solid a lot
of like the old shoes which are built
differently you can research that
yourself you want to know the difference
there they just kind of lose their shape
faster so capsules is always awesome I
like this one I grew up with so I'm
excited to put on my feet and roll my
skateboard and tell you how it feels how
pretty does look that rocks alright
first go
all right so I like they're honestly
walking around and I thought there they
felt a little thinner but like when I'm
actually moving around I feel like I
could jump down again wouldn't just like
immediately heal burgers and whatnot
pretty much they're they're thin enough
that I can feel my board comfortably but
they also feel like they would have some
padding when I jump down stuff and I'm
not gonna heal so that's my summary but
let's get it tricking we'll see how it
goes wonderful the wonderful Justin
Ilana Kerr is gonna fill me Macklemore
obviously Jonathan dude somebody said
that yeah haircut there right I mean no
it looked like Macklemore it's just the
haircut yeah you had it first though oh
definitely like that you know I'm saying
like shoes usually don't go that well
pretty psyched on new pair of shoes and
look how bad your cubes are like the
first five times they're usually pretty
you do agree I agree 100%
weird
how much like pure pushing through the
web the box alright so not a long
session but it's done the wear and tear
held up you know it's the first session
so nothing really Crazy's gonna happen
but there are some normal scuff marks
that you can tell that I was doing some
kick flips and I tried to send off a
couple obstacles I haven't skated in a
long time that didn't hit any tricks on
so I only got like what like five or six
tricks or whatever I did it's a
comfortable shoe that is the first thing
is one thing I can say obviously I'm off
just skate it for a while to really give
a final verdict on it but first go it's
a really comfortable shoe it is thinner
than I'm used to but I my feet aren't
hurting so you're like you know it's
just it's kind of personal preference if
you like a thin thinner shoe where you
can feel your board right on your feet
this is you like a thicker sole you can
just put an insole in it so as you go
shoot my ass to thumbs up or how many
thumbs that you want to hear it's a good
shoe is what I'm trying to say if you
want to try out a pair check out your
local skate shop or there's a lot of
skater owned online shops too so check
it out and that's it how many go find
Thomas and wrap up this video see if he
has anything interesting to say yeah
that's how I and my videos here at Beech
my work it's filming a video for Justin
lawn occurs YouTube channel which is
right down there in the info ha yes hey
alright say four words that remind you
of your holidays is that a nice rock
that was for that it's forward that's
wise you have holidays yeah your red
shirt Christmas yeah
weirdly
pouching Justin shank no I'm not because
you didn't land it and I'm not hanging
around to film it bye guys
my face is really red it matches my car
that's it
why'd you honk at me
