hey you want I'm gonna do an update
video that's one that's what I'm here
for right now at work all right I'm
sorry that was pretty much the worst and
try could it came up with about the
worst but it was pretty stupid but at
least it was stupid because I can enjoy
stupid okay it's the things that I don't
care about is is what I care about what
so this is an update video which if
you've seen it before you know exactly
what about Sam talking about my life and
things that are having with my company
and I waved my arms around like a
freaking idiot this is what I do in
these things kay and if you're gonna
either gonna listen or you're gonna move
on to the next video you might do both
no you can't do that at the same time
but I would like to point out that this
past midnight right now and everyone's
gonna be like you need to stop working
so hard get some sleep get plenty of
sleep okay but my life lately is it's
pretty good you know I'm still always
working a lot trying to catch up
spending time with little dude is the
priority and I'm getting a lot of that
lately because my wife is in grad school
one her schedule gets crazy sometimes so
it's baiting likes riding and I like
together all the time which is awesome
because I love my son that is not a
secret at all I love spending time with
him and that's awesome but you know work
is always trying to punch me in the face
like I'm like constantly things are
happening in my life that like prevent
me from making videos blah blah so I'm
getting by but you know I can use it
just week off just to like clean my
house and make videos and get like a
stockpile of videos that'd be nice
but I'm actually off to Vegas this next
week to get some content with my buddy
black ninja and I believe Doug does tell
is gonna be up there I got a couple
street tricks I want to try for my part
so hopefully that goes well but either
way you'll see some funny content and
even a black ninjas channel you'll see
some stuff of all of us on his channel
I'm sure this is like the year of black
ninja I swear I'd be getting a lot of
time with that dude and he's a good dude
just fun to hang out with him so uh heck
yeah also I love Vegas it's like the
best is that you're just excited you
know you're driving down the highway at
night and all the lights and stuff
you're like it's just awesome like the
general feeling of Las Vegas I like the
date it's like the cereal box of
adulthood
it's late and I don't know what that
really meant but it sounded cool to say
because cereal boxes
looking in the back of a cereal box was
the best thing in the world still is
it's just amazing
that's what Las Vegas is but after I'm
back from Vegas I am in Cincinnati for
like the next month until July July is
when revived goes on the big la SF tour
thing that we do every year and then
after that I have a family vacation to
Florida but then after that I go to
Hawaii with Jason Park and I believe
brother Christian wants to go with us
too so that's gonna be fun to be really
exciting summer hopefully I'm still
alive at the end of it because it's
gonna be so chaotic but at least I'm
here in July that's good right
I got an embarrassing story to tell you
okay so if you didn't have a smile on
your face you you shouldn't now and if
you don't maybe you're just not the same
person that smiles at the computer
because that's also a possibility no
idea why I'm telling the story but I was
trying to come up with things to talk
about this video and I was like I should
tell that story yeah that sounds like a
good idea it's about my first kiss no
not really it's about my second kiss
okay my first kiss was at like midnight
and thus it was like a Cinderella type
thing they said it wasn't that majestic
it was like I was with my girlfriend
like I just started dating her in high
school and I was in a dance okay and it
was like midnight and then the last song
the slow dance was playing and I was
like gosh God do it right now this is
gonna suck I mean it was gonna be
awesome okay cuz your first kiss you're
like whatever I mean I'd kiss girls
before then but like not like in a
serious relationship type setting they
kind of that I was kind of in at least
four high school then I was like I got
to kiss her
I got a frickin kisser and it's
stressful and if you're a teenager you
understand how stressful that is the
first time when you're like about to do
your first serious kiss that means
something so I did it and it was fine it
worked out you know I felt like oh this
is what this girl's lips and face feels
like and that we kissed that was amazing
and then the night when our we were a
little happier the stress was
stress-free okay we went back and
watched some movie and then as her
sister took us home and when she took
his home okay we it was thinking the wee
hours of the morning after the dance
clearly because we watched Spaceballs
that's the movie we watched so I was I
was like man I got to kiss her again
because it's the end of the night you
know we've we've kissed as a fact okay
with Gugu pedia that is it we kissed
it's probably somewhere on there and I
went in to kiss her again in that time I
don't know whose fault it was but we
made a weird noise with our faces okay
midget imagines weird noise happening
with two sets of lips that was us I was
totally us and I I laughed I just
straight-up laughed at her and she
didn't say anything and I feel bad I
don't really feel bad seeing kind of
where the relationship went in the
future like whatever if in my book it's
the relationship isn't based on drew
Thomas's character River looking back a
pretty psyched that I left okay back
then I was probably horribly embarrassed
when I laughed but
came out I was like that so they're guys
go there's my pointless story that just
change anyone's life I don't revive and
freakin force we announced in the
warehouse Wednesday they're releasing
all the spring stuff we have it has been
a fiasco this year with with everything
revived before so I'm sorry guys we do
have decks in the stock at all times but
for whatever reason like the new product
and restocking for squeals like the
world is like out to get us and I'm not
gonna go into details but it's been a
very annoying situation but I mean like
wheels are continuously on their way
we're just waiting to see them to get
them in stock and when we do they're
going to be in the store as soon as we
have them it shouldn't be a couple weeks
so hang tight we're force wheels but we
are we do have a lot of apparel coming
out tonight at midnight and then we have
one new deck and that's the tie deck
which a lot of you guys are really
psyched on so at least we do have new
stuff I will put a link to the where
else Wednesday at the end of this video
if you guys want to go see all the stuff
that we're releasing at midnight tonight
but I just wanted to say I'm sorry when
we get the rest of the spring stuff in
which is another board series that's
three new decks and then some of the you
know when we get the force wheels we're
going to relaunch it and like in a
couple weeks whenever we get it we'll do
like another weekend launch and then
shortly after that the summer stuff will
probably start happening and that stuff
should be at the end of July so and then
you know once we at fall we'll be back
on track with our seasonal releases so
I'm sorry hang with us but at least we
have some exciting stuff being release
tonight at midnight for all you people
that want things hey when I first
watched I was like man that was really
action heavy like Italy the whole thing
it's like one big action sequence but it
was fantastic riding and it worked it
wasn't like unneeded action like all of
it made sense and I really liked it I'm
almost like I feel like I have to like
Avengers one the best but it vengers to
is really good like it's one of the best
follow ups as a sequel you definitely
need to see if you haven't go watch age
of Ultron and next year I did some
investigating on another movie coming
out and that's a Captain America 3 Civil
War because it's gonna be Iron Man vs
Captain America basically that's gonna
be it's gonna be like Avengers 2.5 Brian
chambers said it best today at lunch he
was like it's me Avengers 2.5 and I
looked it up and all there dude you're
right like everybody is in that movie
except a few people that that would make
it everybody
everybod is in that movie it's gonna be
amazing okay I'm really excited how that
like will dump into like infinity war
and blah blah the next Avengers movie so
exciting stuff your Marvel fan heck yeah
and if you're not a moral fan you have
Jurassic Park next month and you should
be happy that's it
it's all you need to know dinosaurs on
the screen people screaming this could
be amazing I see that I see that face on
your look okay yeah you're asking about
we aren't revenge and yes seasons sakes
should have started by now
but the bright side is that I have like
51 to 52 filmed I just kind of need well
51 skimpily film 52 is mostly filmed and
then we've already started filming 53 so
we are working on we are event season 6
I'm hoping to have we are avenged 51 out
this weekend and then I will try to
fast-track them and start releasing them
faster this season because I want to get
the normal 10 we do in a year but it's
really hard life is crazy since and he's
always against us like it's raining it's
raining it's snowing it's raining and
then snowing and then it's perfect it's
perfect out after that I was just that
was a plot twist right there no but it's
been really hard to get it going this
year I'm sorry but it's just we have
worked with so many schedules and make
it happen but it is happening hopefully
wherever ado one comes out this weekend
if not it'll be the next weekend so it's
about to start off hang in there and
exciting times I mean I didn't know how
to end it so I just in exciting times in
fact you can use that if you ever need
to end something just say exciting times
and you're like okay I think he's done
talking
oh that's about it guys I just overall
it's late this is we're doing an update
videos when I'm about to fall asleep but
videos to come like I said we are
invention 51 will hopefully come this
weekend I'm gonna do we were dating life
34 relatively soon and then I think I'm
gonna do a golf commentary video again
and then I'm my prank video that I
endlessly talk about that I'll never
film but I will try to film it soon it's
hopefully on the way that's it I hope
you guys dug this video I do daily
videos so if you want to see more from
me hit the subscribe button I will be
back eventually I'm back tomorrow with
another video that's what I'm trying to
say as it and then look over here where
our name is desk
bar names I'm gonna draw your face on
that and you're gonna wonder why a big
Brian namespace is on your desk
there's briar names you look hungry
buddy exciting times
cuz I love spending time with my son
that's not that's not a fact that is a
fact as a absolute effect it is not a
myth it's not a what am I trying to say
here ll spend time with our son okay
that's not a secret a secret that's not
a freaking secret you idiot it's the
things that I don't care about it's the
things that you don't care about is that
I care about I can't say this right now
I'm just gonna go on I'm gonna move
onward it's like the like the celery
celery box well that's the thing you
need to say right now but on the bright
side at least when you get older you
build it if you did if that did happen
to you I'm sorry but if and one of the
next year we have yeah next year we have
yeah
habits yeah all right the fact that that
clip is on the internet shows you shows
you everything you ever need to know
about me really
