that was the best show ever
all right guys this is a little
different where else Wednesday we're
just giving you a rundown over the
spring stuff which comes out this Friday
it's a little difficult because force
Wheels has been out of stock for a while
we've had some huge problems with our
European provider and they are on the
way unfortunately it's just been a
disaster as with our wood press we have
had to wait on a new series so we're
kind of going to do this spring release
and then a few weeks from now we'll do
another spring release if that makes
sense with the existing product that
hasn't yet been released
does that make sense that makes sense so
most of the stuff strapping right now
others feel it's gonna happen whenever
we tell you soon though we got stocks
right here
they're called foot hats okay these are
foot hits otherwise known as sucks what
you do with socks is you wear them on
your feet but these socks in particular
you can hold them up to puppet these are
socks come in small medium large if your
normal size human being like big dude
like me then go large if you're a little
smaller small medium revoir hardware
life bolts life poles we've had those
for so many long so many long so many
Long's
Jake would finally have anybody know
what's cool about these is that they
have two red bolts to signify the nose
or tail or whatever you decide of your
board so you look down you're like all
red bolts that's my nose new Tata I'm
pretty stoked on this one it's red red
tie-dye emblem lemongrass go over the
world team so I'm gonna be the name of
our next video cuz I'm by Sam for the
hearty looks good so it's kind of like a
similar kind of concept as the last
loose gate D but updated your video then
we have the cat snail T which was a joke
a lot of the stuff that we do it just
comes up as us joking and then all sends
a real thing well I used to draw these
on orders here and their cat snails
along with like cat tacos and taco
walrus and weird stuff and we were like
hey let's make it a t-shirt so we're
gonna see this is a limited run if you
want this get it because we might not
restock it but I might do another one I
think the Torino seal is the next one if
this one does alright so cat snail
oh we got a new sticker pack probably
the coolest thing I'm most excited about
we've been talking about this and really
literally
years yeah it's a breakfast sticker pack
like hotcakes
saying like hey this sells like hotcakes
like what do hotcakes really sell that
well so we want to see if they do they
do but we asked GP to make the slip and
you know pile of Pancakes we provide on
and he took it to all of them yeah we
have bacon
open them up show the singers this is a
sticker pack breakfast so we got bacon
survived
we got hotcakes pancakes and we got
freaking doughnuts man I'm gonna throw
this in your face and if it gets on your
nose and sticks I owe you 20 bucks okay
I knew that was happening it's already
buddy what do you write names a
skateboard
finally yes we've been trying to make
this happen for a long time you know
what I need to put a new board they're
supposed to be for skateboards happening
and there's only one but this is a good
one to be happening so absolutely
absolutely
a lot of you people are psyched on this
and it is finally coming out with this
Friday at midnight so Saturday morning
really we have a lot of these yes makes
me so happy but in a month from now you
guys probably won't compete with
complaining that they're gone so get one
like in hey we're moving on the force go
grab a shirt or stuff
maroon /t this is like this is like for
Christian basically basically we've kind
of made it for Christian Chris wants
Chris needs do we were in this week I'm
gonna wear this in my maroon pants okay
pull slashed so yeah you got slash all
along your body all over too and it was
a little difficult making this there are
some little color variations there are
some color variations along like the the
neck in it so don't be surprised if some
of this is stuff happening this the
graphic is actually gonna get sketched
here we're gonna make a different
version of this but this is the first
version and it covers the whole shirt
pretty cool you'd be looking fly mr.
Justin out longer moniker is obsessed
yes with that with that t-shirt you
don't have you have what you're wearing
that so are you you can just point
yourself don't even explain what it's
called it's chatter okay so chatter team
shattered past tense this sticker pack
you oh oh he's gonna hold it I'll get it
here we got shattered stickers have
these sexy we've got double suck
stickers because pebbles suck have this
 okay we have a white forced slash
singer that egg white this is the best
thing ever to new t-shirt Jason Park
sucks best thing ever
doesn't he really does not suck it
it's called that because it said
adjacent parts sucks right horse
hardware same thing survives go white
bolts though so you know whatever a
dwelling at around these are both
already in the store got am drip tea
super stoked in this tea and the Braille
tea is now available are you super
stoked super stoked super sweet like
super super sick we uh yeah that was
that was smart super smash perfect time
this is like the best wax ever
it's made with like it's it's paraffin
and also a vegetable base wax so it's
like the best wax ever we've been using
that's well know he's telling the truth
he's telling the truth it's amazing
durable it doesn't shatter alright so
that's it guys that is the spring lineup
for now like I said in a few more weeks
we're gonna have the rest of it to you
guys into the store but hope you guys
think that Friday night at midnight so
Saturday morning
it all goes live on the Shred quarters
calm and yeah get on it and then also
we're gonna skateboard for you here for
a little bit are you good are you get a
trick only many more nap many more
Cruiser I'm only crazy
it
to adjust the back
all right if you land it right here you
get the frickin cooler that ninja
frickin didn't take and Thomas didn't
win hand 20 bucks right here
hey the cooler $20 nice $20 you struck
that so many times about 20 tons and and
you get the cooler graduate of the shove
it thank you we're not giving you the
cooler Brown was lying to you shake my
hand ready ever more spring this Friday
night Saturday morning midnight Tapani
these shred quarters calm a burrito
gah I'm gonna lay with it you all I will
you owe me five bucks but that was some
awesome style help you buddy Oh
