Brian's trying a triple flip and it's
it's difficult it's not you've done it
before
oh good first good first go new griptape
fresh shoes and make some hottie in here
now a double you spine a storage if to
kiss on the bright side you were almost
good enough almost good carefully
looking both are gravestones when we die
I'll get kind of a sweet thing to have a
new race almost good enough oh just a
moniker is wearing my shirt different
colors though I don't wear what you only
wear red I like how he said he doesn't
wear red and he's literally wearing red
shoes right now when he comes back I'm
gonna rub it in his face
oh hey Justin remember when you said you
didn't wear red yeah well Corey shoes
red shirts oh you got some you got some
tweaking on that dude
Jonathan any idea how many people
probably think your name is that
probably not whatever if I were to set
that oh yeah that would have been like
my intro clique for something yeah
Jonathan Jonathan to life right give me
give me your cruise board no don't bring
not cool not cool Ryan I'm gonna try to
720 no flip this go for it okay so hard
off that bump maybe that bump grab the
camera it want it's terrifying rolling
it on this and I'm trying to warm up
with a three flip it's hard to do that
because you have so much room in the air
to keep going it is so hard to roll
nothing faster here about to see a fat
guy and a little board freeze up you're
about to see a dumb guy do dumb things
oh I did it ain't friggin did it he's
got this he'll flip right here
kick it like that dude that kicked a
soccer ball into your face I like the
time you put this one on often the
reason that don't kick it like don't
kick it like that doesn't make sense
but yeah I did put pretzels on your
mouth
