I don't even sure you guys are you can
get single what I'm saying just cause
you're jealous with my hair one for me
one for chubby one for dumb Oh oh boy
these nappy money in the minds of people
I tell me this guy Eric sighing looks
like my dad today I love her trousers
only in Hong Kong you get the quilted
comfy trousers they used to be Isaac's
neither a well would you like to eat
Isaac you could have a new food you know
you just want to do you know thank
scoops knowing you're little and you got
red pockets and then your parents go
I'll hold it for you hold up for you
you're nice no we get to Beauty parents
let's just have another kid to get the
high seas no no deal Matthew ye holy
pinball
remember say hi so baby birth day I took
a shower on a final mop the floor
mopping away until I caught my
reflection in that mirror officially
turned into what they call a wall
because that are ice-cream cone yes
happy 7:00 when you grill mommy Joseph
Elsa thank you Judy gave me some
pomegranate is a pomegranate
oh no sorry package our passion for
sorry passion fruit she's always really
good to make teeny and of tea I'm just
not quite sure how to use this to make
tea
Oh is juicy and maybe and I scrape right
the pulp and then put it into tea Oh a
normal tea by baby dialect squeeze the
cheese's it looks very appetizing I like
it you like it
whoa steady steady gonna pull my finger
oh I'll be making one of my favorite
yummy
good morning everyone welcome to a day
to tell us that with an off for weeks
for we it's hard to believe right Russia
leaving next week already be happy to go
no I think chefs rush because you see
those white patches yep that looks like
thrush may go do doctor today I'm
injured my bottom is compromised little
guy so nice table unit but sigh Neil
dine to like have some eye contact to
talk to him but then like when I nail
dine my butt got caught on like some
sort of you know to sealed
packaging my butt smeared I'm crushed at
the corner of the packaging I couldn't
see so get the like lift up my shirt and
take a picture of it I'm just like oh
you know ticket bathroom I guess he
actually like Ben Stein lifted up my
shirt the ticket look like you were
taking a picture of my button public I
would show you guys but I think it's an
appropriate we don't think dr. dick
cheese is open today so we're just gonna
have to find a different doctor oh this
is the street that I got mistaken as a
hooker it was like a few years ago and I
was just I was standing by a lamppost
and this is really dirty old man comes
over it was like pretty much I don't
like and then you're like oh never mind
and he walked away
what should I blame myself like why out
of all people why am i why that's I kind
of hair so it's my fault
yes just got to see dr. Klein I know
what she needs like that would be great
wait 15 minutes to get hungry I got the
car McDonald's liberators burgers
loafers combo for three or good to stuff
it all by myself for a second I thought
I read anus burger you went look if
arguing burger which one it's like
everyone I'll have both we've been in
Hong Kong for four and a half weeks
we're leaving in a few days kind of
believe it this time right coming back
we haven't been able to
very much just because everyday Tim and
I are just so exhausted tennis been
non-stop coming back doing errands I'm
sorting the company which leads myself
at home all up what the kids because you
turning my chair since I don't have a
car here and we live quite far all right
it's a little bit of a I since I can't
drive here I feel like I'm so restricted
so I'm not you quite looking forward to
going home
oh my goodness I just realized they took
away the quarter partner cheese monsters
how can you do this shame on me trying
to aim this burger yeah mmm
never have I been in my PJs so much I
just think okay I'm gonna be a whole
mole daily what's a point of attending
try this Angus burger hmm tonight Ayla
and I are having a girls night in
having a girlfriend because my
mother-in-law is not in watch she
speaking yes mama is here speaking off
mother and I love you guys are asking
about chopping Domo a reason my
mother-in-law is here so lame it's
because we needed her to look after your
dogs while we're here and not just hear
a reaction going back sir I don't my
name is sure of you guys so you can
kissing on what I'm saying
just cause you're jealous with my hair
yeah where was I basically my
mother-in-law wants to go on a date in a
place called oh and she wants to go to a
place called Charlie's oh oh yeah a
really short boat ride away
oh so yeah cuz her best friend lives
there and since you're gonna choke she
wasn't to bring Isaac along
to her place I'm so tomorrow morning
they can go straight to the trip and
then come back it's not a trip tim has a
boys night I know we have a girls night
in yeah yeah hey one of my favorite
parts of the Disney is when we just come
back exhausted don't we just go Oh cuz
Hong Kong quite tiring
well our sleep training has completely
went out the window since coming to Hong
Kong wow those make sense for us to try
to sleep train her here since we're
leaving soon so uh he'll be doing that
when we're back home be hyperbolic sugar
from the Apple earlier mm-hmm I hope you
guys don't mind us taking a break guys
yeah so sorry I've just been so tired
and busy you've been keeping me busy
haven't you are you ready to go to bed
no you guys tomorrow
