yeah money to pay for deferred and for
clothes and the toys making class I was
going to choose because are you okay
again look at this let's see food yummy
1 for 12
oh we all be back to pretend do you know
what really got on - yesterday was um he
wanted to cook here like mommy I went
food every time everything yeah it would
come back out so yesterday we were like
no Isaac I'm sorry buddy got huh doesn't
you be like showing Kayla up feed her
come here complete Sam will be ok
lemon just named just and home me and
grenadine sugar syrup I'm sorry can you
repeat again nice and grasp Olga and
then an elder Florida cure blackberry to
cure as well a lemon juice lime juice
and then grenadine sugar sure doesn't
look very deadly looking at the
bartender I wouldn't get tipped very
much I'm gonna do and it said I like you
and
I actually have major props to burning a
question for you Patti yes if you were
to eat a piece of KFC chicken with no
skin or no gravy I would have I'd have
no gravy yeah this be a flavor with
bomber with eggs spam spam it's really
do do pulp fiction just chilling the b2
today feeling rough today and not
because I've hung over anything because
when you had a few drinks last night but
it's more because one of the drinks last
night was called expresso martini and so
last night when I came home I came home
nice and early right away that's at 10
o'clock like a good girl that was a
buzzing buzzing in bed I didn't actually
sleep but it was such a nice chilled
tonight it's been such a long time since
I've been able to have a few drinks and
it's funny because last time I was there
I was staying with my friends they were
to one having a few drinks and I was
just sipping my water and I was just
thinking I'd feel too good and actually
wouldn't elaborate at night in case you
guys are wondering before I left to
Kuwait last night I met Ayla and then
Dottie put her to sleep
where I left I expressed some milk for
Tim to feed her my last drink was around
10:00 and I didn't feed her till about
9:00 so it's been a good 11 hours from
the last ring to me feeding her little
one morning guys just kidding
my friend Ling is gonna be picking me up
and she is gonna be training me today at
the gym it has been forever since I've
really had a workout kind of excited but
mm mostly scared have I my water bottles
so I'm gonna be using my toddler's thank
you but with this close like this close
to getting a pregnancy test because it
wasn't late for eight days and usually
I'm whenever late I kind of figured I
can't be but I didn't need there's still
a possibility time when I spoke about
and we're saying that okay I knew we
were happy with the idea of two kids but
if we are then we understand that it's
in God's will much of the fucsia period
yeah I'm actually also very pleased to
have it he's so much Ling I actually
loved likes hurting muscles already
terrified me and my baby fall in it
usually I feel so safe in the gym now
cuz in Hong Kong the complex is never
well private little gym but there's so
many more machines here
Ling is gonna start us off on the stroll
and I was like oh so whatever speed
you're comfortable squeeze squeeze with
the hips so she's gonna get into like
we're gonna squeeze the elbows pull it
back so then we're gonna work these
areas here so make sure that your chaps
are not moving or squeeze and all the
movement is just this elbow here and
good
nation and hommies cristiano hamstrings
this is a very good work right if you
want to work please five seconds four
three two one get a slow Japan if you
need to
yes yes rust curtsy lunges remember yeah
push from the heel squeeze up yeah learn
so much I used to think like you know
exercises you just do them but I didn't
think there's actually a lot that goes
into certain moods I gotta get your
muscles so Fitch go you know and that's
our husband over there
Tim was cooking and then it's like oh we
got the boar Chester sauce that we and I
was like what I feel like it where
Chester sup that was like oh you mean
the Wister song you would never spell
rooster I'm like the meal chicken this
way so I just felt like this I don't
have energy to actually look up I was
gonna cut up I was like hmm no daddy I
part of myself this week up in the gym
really you know whose name this one is
line-1 SMO Me's name you know what
mommy's name is Lindy yes
I'm do you know whose this name is yeah
what's that these name okay so alright
so first of all there's I so we're gonna
make I the next one s can you fight a
good like this know what the next letter
okay so before you do a close the lid
and put it back
mine ain't good that's right so this is
just one of the ways I get him to learn
herself abet okay and then what's the
last one
she's not fine C or C good but you have
Isaac now we need to do daddy's name
birth te yeah it for you
oh and looks like a W doesn't it but I
think that's an Emma and Freddy spell
your name what's the first letter we
need yeah and then I and then what next
good and then what's next what's next
what's after is yes that's right two A's
and hey and then one more what's the
last letter oh that's okay what's the
next one what's the last one oh you
trying to press nice and hard yeah I
think for those asking if Isaac knows
how to speak Cantonese
and they're sound at Philly but the
ending he doesn't really sometimes
you'll say falling pay which means Bart
sometimes he'll say it's a seal bow when
he once poured for me I got some errands
to run today so I brought this little
guy with me if you're good boy I think
mommy's gonna give you one pound and
then you can use it to fight jelly would
you like that so we're gonna do lots of
walking today is that okay
let me put it inside killed it and then
we clipped it
post-op it's check groceries check the
tap on the mummy today you don't wanna
eat it cold if you need a call you can
sort of me you want to have it warm warm
it lovely hot and not too cold you know
where we're going out there baby
huh the bike you know what the bucket
for you're gonna find to get money yeah
money to pay for the food and for
clothes and the toys I mean we got to
work nice my thighs because that means
where I can just bring them everywhere
and we can have a conversation Bowie eat
do you know beans make you fart do fart
smell nice yeah what's a smelly
