I'm accumulating some stuff and I've
just been sitting all the baby stuff
here this game in doesn't help today
this little sweater dress I'm getting a
lot of questions regarding I'm gonna be
decorating Ella's nursery wow it feels
really really nice actually people as
they renamed we definitely didn't think
about this guest room through so I learn
from having my first child is generally
for the first six months the babies
would be sleeping with us and then after
six months they'll have a remote their
own and even so Isaac is like two
something and he doesn't really care
about how the room looks really right
here we have a trouble call here but
Ahlers crib will be here and we're just
going to be using that word group to
store all her things and it's handy to
have a bed here because they're gonna be
nights where I know I'm gonna be staying
here because obviously I want him to get
some rest
yes that is a plan I picked up the Ergo
baby because I have a lot of mommy
friends I recommended this thank you so
much she's heaven under that tour the
deluxe Plus Todd is a sleepyhead and
after wonderful things about this works
from ages zero eight months signal for
co-sleeping its breathable lightweight
portable this is definitely going to
come in handy I have a bunch more baby
clothes but I Maldives or baby girl
wholesome weather day for you guys by
the way hi choose this frame I've got a
custom made original I got for the
bedroom this ended up being too big so
the plan is to put it in the guest room
instead you guys know today I went to
channel live to my best friend's today
Annie and Benny and I managed to get my
underwear as you all know I'm getting
big and my underwear is getting
stretched beyond imagination
they're just ripping to shreds can you
see what's happening to them and yet I
still don't throw it away tour no life
is like I say I get really attached to
my underwear this time and I get new
underwear but I don't want to get so
many I pretty much went back to my
pre-pregnancy weight like really quick
after giving birth but I don't know what
it's like this time but just in case I
don't want to
bigger underwear so when you get three
pairs black block is just a really safe
color to wear in general because ladies
you guys know why I got some clips these
days I don't even use bobby pins a
Taiwanese one I'm I made more effort to
me try to loosen a little bit for not as
much and they have in different designs
you have stripes yep polka dots
you have neutral colors please King Boo
Boo and yes Kato nice to keep rotisserie
but you see oh yeah yeah there is
something that his grandmother has
taught him from when he was a baby we
are a complement to my mom in law's for
dinner I mean Isaac has started to do
which is awfully cute I thought I was a
one-off but he's been doing it more when
we're pretty much setting up a table
putting on a dishes the bowls of rice
the chopsticks no spoons I think would
come to the table himself
I'm just cetera what it has like this is
waiting it's so cute because he's just
waiting for everybody to be seated
so we can see grace today I actually
need dinner and I Furcal I started
digging in he actually bought at my hunt
I said no anyone exists this is really
adorable a definitely a testament to his
grandmother earlier today I told you
guys that when I was like Oh some
friends my friend bumped into his friend
and she was like what's wrong with her
friend was she walking you said she
needs to take a dump
initially elko friend it and then I
called blimps on myself like walking an
adult like I said I'm trying to hold it
up here you can see what a girl is
coming from when youth is home looking
like this ha ha least I have an
interesting look
we tired we're waiting for the green man
it's a nice day
we just pops off to the library to get
something green she's kind of crying at
the food she feel that you're crying
something that's really important for me
like growing up is I don't know I think
it's affected me like work when we grow
up we're told that when we cry we're
told don't cry don't cry and it's made
me think that like growing up there
something wrong with crying and there's
nothing wrong with it's healthy as
necessary it's all natural so I want
them to know that if he's upset it's
okay to cry
release attention and he'll feel better
better thing about doing this as he
knows that when he cries it doesn't get
to me it doesn't make you just worry
once I'm like okay that's okay you guys
enjoying the new books call me slow but
I only just realized I want to say a
month ago
thank you and I know what's happened to
your computer and it's been so great
getting back to people has never been
easier a nice shower and I'm gonna be
using a sheet mask I have noticed
especially watching videos actually I
have a lot of redness around my new uh
nevermind life and I am so certain that
it is due to dryness and looks like I'm
not wearing bottoms but my belly is
covers it I know what's going to work
okay sir
so I laughter you see my muscle spoon
just creates my friends like this look
I guess it is all baby that weird oh I
wish you guys can feel it and click on
terior placenta so kind of like absorbs
a lot of her looses Oh morning everyone
I am just getting ready to go to the
doctor's I was due to get my flu and
whooping cough vaccine and afterwards
hopefully going swimming with Isaac and
my mother-in-law I just burst into tears
the most silly reason ever it's
definitely the pregnancy hormone so I
just got my vaccines the reception it
was pretty rude and actually walked her
and is hi she doesn't look at me for
Asians I figured maybe she's busy so I
let her do her thing
and I thought there was like a
self-check right thing so I wouldn't did
that not help checker a self-check and
thing Wednesday my vaccine afterwards I
welcome to her and booked an appointment
because from what I know where my
airline is you know just to be safe
because I'm gonna be flying ended a
month airlines and Union letter from
your doctor just to confirm you're set
to fly and she said that it's not thrown
to the doctors it started to airline but
I told her down my airline says as long
as I have a doctor's note but then she
just refused I says can you just let me
talk to doctor anyway and you know get a
call in and that I only did doctor knows
right but she has refused she flatly
refused when I was in hospital I asked
I'm a hospital told me I get it from my
GP and I don't even know I just kind of
felt so like I burst into tears and I
just it's okay
never mind I don't even know what crying
I was just shocked by just how icon
friendly she was what took a few moments
and instead of dealing with that lady I
called the practice again myself and
spoke to someone else and I told them
the incident long story short and
everything made simple
I will be getting a doctor's cold pack
on Friday
something that the lady said I wasn't
able to do when I told her what happened
just got surprised you know there's no
reason that the receptionist wouldn't at
me talk to the doctor have any contact
it was just so sure that it wasn't up to
the doctor whether it would be able to
fly it's completely up to the airline
and like just no matter what I said she
just wouldn't listen
yes I'm here it's ledger century ready
to go swimming my son I'm not going to
let a mean lady ruin the rest of my day
or correction I'm not gonna let my
pretty hormone ruin my day got some
blows I want to take it the weed I was
so much more work than I thought after
pulling the weeds out of the flower bed
I generally just lay back on my sofa for
like a good 15 minutes is going ah yeah
I had a like a little mini public crying
episode today as you guys knew at the
medical practice I came to a corner she
was staring her screen for ages
and I was like hi and then she just
didn't look at me
notice and insiders one of those self
check-in machines so I thought okay I'll
use I understand and then checked in but
my vaccination humor and I thought okay
and my cell make my appointment because
my GP before told me before I fly I need
to make sure it's safe enough my airline
says that SP are 28 weeks and over you
need a doctor letter or certificate 10
days before flying south okay is perfect
went to the reception and I all booked
in and she was like oh no free
appointment until 2nd of May and bare my
brain I is no need a 7th of April so she
said there's no point missus to like
almost a month later and so I told her
my situation and not I think that like
just because you know I have to fly I
have priorities so it's just I guess it
was just her attitude towards it all to
her already
he already made the decision for me the
doctor cannot make the decision for you
it's the airline that's all and I kept
town
that no you don't understand Airlines is
saying I need a doctor's note and she
can't say no I realize I was really
going nowhere with her and my I started
to well up until now I still don't know
what happened was it a miscommunication
misunderstanding I dunno she definitely
had too much power over me good food
good mood
