all right guys main reveal this really
feels like her name like this is her I'm
just gonna go straight out with it
what are you dating a basket chubby
good morning guys is curtain a 10:15
just dropped Isaac off at daycare and he
will be there for today in a way I look
forward to the two days he goes to
daycare but at the same time it breaks
my heart because my attempt not here it
means I am the one that has to drop him
off it's a really good time when he's
there okay the teachers guarantee me
that he's happy he's chirpy he's
laughing but it's just those two minutes
I drop him off he looks so distraught
and then this is my heart that's being
like ripped and shred the pieces and I
feel like the most horrible mother ever
today I'm going to be testing like the
sillies fudge I've heard raving things
up like this at least once because you
guys already know the Beautyblender okay
which I love
alrighty the silly sponge means you use
less product and it's supposed to could
be a really flawless finish so let's
give it a go so obviously when use a
sponge also a product so it means where
this I will use less so let's give it a
go so this is apply in circular motions
what's weird
it feels really weird oh I'm not sure I
like it
I thought I would apply really greasy
cuz there's gonna pack a lot of product
on it's weird it's very weird I need to
stop saying weird it feels so old it's
nothing like it you know cuz you're so
used to using sponges brushes I'm not
sure how I feel about I think it's this
shape because it's like a pad what if
they made it in the shape of a
Beautyblender and I wonder if he can use
this to blend your concealer as well
what's interesting is I thought my face
would look really caked
but it doesn't kick on at all my dark
circles have been extra crazy lately
lets blend this off ok yes yes yes girl
obviously I still prefer to
Beautyblender because it's just more
multifunctional I can use the front my
Potter I can use it for blush i can use
it for my whole face every really want
to the good thing is I can clean this on
the spot I'm just using right away but
then I can also do it up my Beauty
Blender I mean they're different
products but I still prefer using Beauty
Blender I think anything is more to get
used to it alright guys
mane reveal we were going to a nice egg
horns name until after she's born
because honestly we just weren't really
sure like a hundred percent if she's
gonna be named that because you know
sometimes when the baby's born you can
change your mind
whyisign progress we really really feel
like okay this this really feels like
her name like this is her not before I
shared I also want to say that this name
is really really meaningful and
important for me and it's important for
a few reasons and I feel like I'm really
dragging it but bear with me because it
all makes sense in the end
no I mentioned you guys that this by us
not telling Isaac whether he's having a
baby sister or a brother or mentioning
any means to him really freaky freaky
freaky thing is he already named her
Lana
it's really really weird because it's
almost as if he's got some sort of
toddler intuition because yes her name
boss and with a lot but therefore a lot
of you guys are really curious and I
mean that a lot of you guys suspected is
the name isla one because you guys know
I already like the name isla and two
because it ends of the laugh so the
beginning the is is part of Isaac's name
so it all makes sense
Isla is beautiful but it was also a name
that Tim was not crazy about
unfortunately and as time went on we
both agree that okay actually she
doesn't really feel like an eye look and
even though you guys have sent in like
thousands and thousands of comments for
this name I only read like twice like no
joke what makes the name special is
because it was actually mentioned five
you guys so you might think he mentioned
twice as a lot but I've seen
of comments second that I saw it I
immediately loved it I'm just gonna go
straight out with it her name will be
Ayla
so Ayla spelled a yla again a very short
name because you guys know we like the
shorter Tudor names but also very pretty
at the same time the reason I like a
list so much is because it's Hebrew for
oak tree which is something a corns come
from and you guys know that she has been
nicknamed acorn for the longest time
when I was going to one of my early
pregnancy checkouts Isaac actually
handed me a little acorn from that
moment I decided to nickname her acorn
and because Ayla means oak tree it's a
parent of course I knew that Ellen is
going to be born into the world small
like an acorn but I want her to grow up
strong and beautiful and deeply rooted
like an oak tree so and that's one of
coincidence enough it just happens that
for a Liz mean it happens at the letters
a yl a happen to be letters off women in
my life who had been here for me women I
adore I look up to the egg which stands
for Annie um Annie is my best friend she
has been my best friend for like the
past decade there's just so many things
about Annie the I adore she's caring
she's very nurturing she's kind but most
importantly she is Isaac's godmother and
will be a Leah's godmother why for yummy
yummy is one of my cousins and again one
of my best friends we've pretty much
known each other all of our lives and
you guys don't worry about daddy a lot
my book just because there are so many
things about her that I just really look
up to respect of course L for a loony
and then 8/8 or April my little sister
of course I adore my sister because
she's she may be a little um she's
feisty but she's also incredibly kind I
want a ledge and know that when she
grows up she'll have these four women
guiding her all the time he will love
her unconditionally and there's I want a
light to grow up as her own person but
you know it would be amazing if she can
grow up just being inspired by
these ladies in her life it almost makes
me feel kind of teary that her name is
made up by you know people who I adore
so much so before Allah Tim did like the
name Ava
which is felt a Y VA which is also
another beautiful name again I think
it's all about feel this happens that we
don't really know anybody else who's an
alien right now so we feel like it's
quite a unique name so that is her name
guys well my dad died when she's born I
think is still probably she's gonna call
her la la anyway we just fine I think
Lala's a pretty chick name so therefore
Ayla is her name and then a runner-up is
Ava and then there's Isla and then it
would be Ella all lovey means some of
you guys even suggested Laila which is
also a beautiful name but again it's all
about the feel we feel like Ella is her
name okay
my latest pregnancy cravings are jus
like a low buzz Benny we have an
exciting day we're gonna get me
underwear because my mind doesn't fit
anymore he's still single ladies I'm
just gonna keep rolling the camera I
need to get new underwear because like I
was telling you guys all aspects were
all starting to like first any is
joining us he's joining me for support
we were walking and then Benny bumps
into your friends not my friend is his
friend and then she actually asked him
like what's wrong with your friend she
looks like she really needs to go toilet
and then he was like cheaper and opinion
optional I didn't look at them I need to
pee and he's looking for a new lipstick
oh there's a color that I'm looking for
called babydoll birth my hand making
pancakes today it looks like a wart kind
of true though it looks like I need to
like actually we're trying to see what
the order mango Mecca known for fisting
libido is that what you're getting
everyone
like be stuck waiting or still be nobody
whatever girl do you like
but so awkward are you defense on the
corner
