hey I love you more what do you want for
breakfast ha-hi cake behind a private
room has been handsome and pretty when
this was taken
oh I know everyone it feels like a while
since I've picked up my camera spoken to
you guys last time I picked on my camera
was I think the day after her mother's
days so it's already like the 30th but I
hope you guys enjoyed the gender-reveal
video guys we are having a little girl
and we're so excited I knew I was
carrying a girl it's just really weird
because I guess is 50-50 but when I was
kinda guy knew that I was carrying a boy
and this time around
I just knew I was carrying a girl I had
the very stereotypical textbook girl
pregnancy I guess with all the old wives
tales in general kind really big not
just like you know in my tummy area but
even my size because of issac even near
the end I still had a waist but this
time right I really don't have a waist
unless I know they're just a wide field
well I'm just saying I had very I guess
classic female pregnancies 10 is back to
Hong Kong for 10 days but I'll fly by
before before I know it and this is the
first time I showed me I dropped him off
will by crying well my eyes did water a
little bit but there were no tears
thanks for bringing myself because
sometimes I I see some comments from you
guys and it's a lot of good intentions
and you guys are just worried but yes
I'm good I should I get quite upset with
the fact that Tim goes back to Hong Kong
I read quite a few comments where you
guys are like why does your husband keep
searching new boobs
and it's not like he's ditching me guy
is it you know I don't want to have a go
home concourse and he doesn't even want
to go to Hong Kong but he has no choice
to go so instead of him going for long
periods at a time what we prefer it him
I guess leaving more frequently but
going for short periods has a bunch of
stuff here to deal with over in Hong
Kong so unfortunately that is the key
there's nothing like him ditching me
guys it's nothing like that at all in
fact you know he gets worried every day
my name in Hong Kong especially nice and
you know I'm quite heavily pregnant
already don't worry we will manage
ah I got a haircut
using my belly as a bit glad you're
comfortable huh
someone should be wrote open Laputa
subtractive so happy that Netflix
actually has gained the virgin season 2
and then waiting for it so everybody out
real good
you're hogging a camera you listen clean
Oh Oh careful are you camera Hawker mmm
good morning as he is at his
grandmother's so I could get some
writing done I'm actually so close to
end and even though I'm close to the end
it's a part of struggling the most of
tie everything together and no problem
writing chapter after Chapter after
Chapter when it comes to concluding at
all I'm kind of like good morning a coin
what should I have for breakfast
hello Domo get comfortable should we go
up in a bit
whatever deal with clementines
satsumas mandarin what's the other one
margarine clementines have tumors and
then there's one more here remember but
why are there so many heart I can tell
the difference which is with what is it
madam habit we just take the site which
in custom is just I don't even know what
it means good I don't know what a day I
don't know Michael any name you know hi
you guys
the height is so clean mother very proud
of myself I know my girls come adherent
except when I think I don't think go
away girl on I think bell bus girls
don't lay up close enough but still in
Ireland so let's change it to more than
Earth kind of a way to my Big Sisters
however you can be having lunch feeling
a little you should always leave so I
need my sister Wow you can touch your
toes on the other hand
one it's been having like quite bad back
pain so supposedly this will help
supposedly this one is good for my FPDs
without so on all fours and then hunch
little tap and then relax to neutral
then go up again right oh well then I
think still tight my goodness I did
search inside that put juicers I feel
like it's up turd and turtle why do you
guys have to do Diaz what I'm trying to
do is getting a lot better these
beauties thanks to the spoon wedge that
I bought before I use like six seven
pillows but it just wasn't firm enough I
got this as a foundation with the
pillows on top and makes it much better
and then I also put two pillows
underneath my knees when I sleep it has
been a way for ready cutter something
for treating already thankfully
touchwood Isaac has actually been pretty
good lash my feels really really good
hello mr. Archie in October yard
why is your circuit behind you anyway so
I have like a bunch of vegetables left
in the fridge so today I am just going
to be making broccoli soup it's all
blended and I just cracked some black
pepper little alligator and we finish
even though he's been really really good
tense and going a little bit little
vices with pretty much take over for all
of yesterday and all of the day I don't
do that I don't really want a toy but
I'm horribly I feel really restricted
and oh no because I learn I know
please a kind or faster so much and I
really can't walk down this big huge
sword just 25 weeks really hearing it's
like when people say something or
someone or something really you kind of
measure and we're ready another camera
coming in your campus station so some
silly and I hate it cuz you know there's
no yes that's your feet you have a big
belly
oh my bigger 16 you'll be a Kaka do you
know what you know what Coco yeah call
is when um is when you have a look Oh Oh
Coco yeah I don't know are you gonna be
potty trained in hey I love you more hey
come on let's get you changed
can you put on yourself your arms Oksana
be close for Isaac always feels really
bittersweet when you have to get him new
clothes so it just means a lot of the
clothes he delivered completely are not
are no longer wool hey we're old shoes I
got him some pieces so here is a rat
like that teacher but awake if there's
something like this of course you have
something like this cool like mama you
like this Isaac yeah
see like this on then go on it no but we
just wanted got trained Thanks yeah he
likes this one I'm sure because spring
up here although on him it's probably
quite long we couldn't function is this
is this dress I have to get it okay some
pieces I got on sale here's one old
fleece jacket and we're in the winter
it's going Pullman dude and a little
bunny yeah you like this one and Oh
Isaac looking too cool for you
Wow laughs you like certain you like it
don't you wish you wish your your
aunties and uncles get off okay
oh we have my last another just like you
these are all on your sales hope he's
going with jacket
