they're mine Oh need a little oxygen
belly all be mother's day yesterday was
the baby shower and then afterwards I
would hand party and then the day after
of course of night estates of course we
have to prioritize spending time with
mom I've been able to upload the gender
reveal video yet and some of you guys
are pretty upset I'm sorry guys is
Mother's Day not everything is Tim
actually surprise me
we're actually going to be driving up to
Newcastle where we're going to be
spending the night in a resort so I'm
just gonna have to get bondage of this
and do a little bit of relaxing but I
promise that I will try to get the video
of well although by the time you guys
see this the view will be already up but
you know hope you guys understand when
we parked up to go to the restaurant
when I got in the car because obviously
because I thought MPD and decided quite
painful for me to get out so I get a
really slowed and like
it takes a bit of time for my joints to
get megabit of rivet so my I sense a
little to meet you guys on one of them
just mocking me you're like oh my arm
epic heard all my ray editors they saw
me like you know trying to get her to my
car because I really have the support
into the car to get I I didn't really
like think very much I was just like
I've actually quite loans to like
ridicule a pregnant lady is because
she's like limping a little bit
can I see great idea let's go to the
beach yes the thing you hate the most in
the world
sand beautiful day today are going to go
check in first
reminds me of time I was here for my
friend Lisa's 10 it was so fun to lose
thank you oh wow you see the beach we're
ready to take a dip in this sunny ball
this is me in my future
oh it still fits
luckily it's a peplum style and a flares
are in the edges I was wonderful guys
there was a vitality poll there I'm so
good for my aching joints on my back
even walking feels a lot easier for me I
don't feel as eighty when I'm walking
it's amazing was like a little worm
Horner to do basis feeling a little dry
do because such a hurry to just quickly
pack I forgot to pack moisturizer
insists to be inside the chocolate
coffee the restaurant is actually I
tried the hotel as you can see oh I
always feel like after swimming and you
just go bet you're hungry for some
reason but I'm getting it takers down
home well our home presently I think ice
it's not really well his nose even
running and his cheeks are like really
nobody keeps pointing to his throat
which might mean like you know all the
investor cute and sassy chance and was
this beam them to the right everybody
quite good for us we grab everything
Cooper come look around seriously their
civil we abusive systems there it seems
to be some sort of best comeback we also
know he just wanna have BBN during the
fermentation stop pretending
yeah I don't know abscess was a really
popular British fans back then in the
90s your news is running like a faucet
anything else what is good you Phillipe
Ricky it's so good to get these then
bikini you know dancing as well let me
go again I said look let me look at it
with the moment no motive ah my poor
baby even your son no I see you and I
Claire i refresh they're ready to go
it's been a nice little break it wasn't
this no quietly we are going to be just
exploring to find a little bit since we
don't come here at all last time Tim was
here we won and years ago I'm a
Newcastle actually when we were younger
in high school we used to Mitch go just
to come in order in each mouth we asked
you guys an order what's our word for it
it's called bunk bunk school they will
probably put no bunking is pretty sure
bumpkins are American we suppose cool
and yeah come here
just so that we could double-date or
refresh apply to our kids some quite a
word public time I did skip lipid skip
spill careful you can further fulfill
muffin let me see your face Wow uncle
mommy probably up a tail over a boy
maybe later
this there's all park here so we're just
going to Isaac have a little bit of fun
before we drive into time okay okay
while still only I said you just put the
whole thing into the motor don't you
want to play we don't have to like so
far some water so I know it all cools
down okay
they want to play that thing oh that
looks very fun for him
oh well I think oh wow really little
accident I'm accidentally run I think
over with this John Schuhmann dish
swings I seen your wit not combine so
you push me
don't even want to play as in the jeans
like we exchange they're like left a
little coin and he just wants to hold
onto a little cup of coins you're so
little
money love money hi-c we came here for
ice cream and he just wants a cone I
don't know in the comments below is
there anyone out there who doesn't like
ice cream either but enjoy life scream -
studied for citizen lucky fellow shut up
there hear mine oh hello cut did daddy
do that mom usually old days
Oh
like surprise of their supply I was just
like in the car waiting custom videos
off the ground some food and then I
commie like walked by the car like wait
here's who I was literally just
messenger and interns I like to organize
like a little Heidi here Annie and I for
Mother's Day we happy
hi nice the weather is
