hello everybody is fast okay today I am
very very excited we have been trying to
keep Acorn Center surprise so because of
this we've have to be hush-hush
it has been hard so by the time you guys
watch this video I'm sure most of you
guys will already know that we are
expecting a little girl I am gonna be
having a daughter daughter mechanism is
so I just what you're feeling seeing it
daughter my daughter because I've just
been really used to just seeing my son
for the past two and a half years so
it's really surreal saying daughters and
then when people ask hi baby do I want
to say she it's such a wonderful little
feeling from the very beginning I've
always said boy or girl I don't mind as
long as baby is healthy but when the
doctor told us we were having a girl I
was aesthetic big happy that I'm no
longer outnumbered in his family I've
had me make this video I don't know if
we would have a nice turn name yet I can
sit home so let's just keep calling her
a corn for night I've been it is crazy
shopping first step and I haven't been
able to show anyone we have no idea how
high satisfying it feels to make this
video with you guys
nobody's sitting with a bunch of friends
and gets showing them the little
purchases I got for my daughter funny
thing is when we find her we were having
a girl run I go my god just gonna man
little Lindy and then we kind of like
pros for like 10 seconds Nimr like Oh
what what if she looks just like Tim I
know you guys have seen us in the floor
it's a little cardigan and I got on sale
and M&M that is deeper this feels of
course our tuna resist what I realized
was a lot of baby girl clothing right
there is pink which I can actually see
from my purchase so it makes me really
happy when I see something that this
colored is a lovely baby blue inside is
gray that polka dots
here does it be her to go cardigan movie
go outside it's so adorable
I wish they make these in like bigger
sizes sudden if also see before again
this is from the sales plus the blue
flowers against the yellow ribbon very
summery especially because y'all know a
currents can be boring summer amber to
meet Hong Kong for the first at least
six weeks of her life this it'd be in 20
of treat dresses and here's a little car
cane with a peter pan collar it's a nice
Navy color again from the sale rack and
I could just connect five points with
such a bargain and I said I'm not ready
so much the Sun comes in a set it's got
the dress the onesie and a pair of white
pipe we're adults we would never really
wear white tights but when baby girls
wear white types it's like the cutest
thing ever
oh my goodness guys are so many pieces
that I don't really know where to start
but I'm so happy you read them out
dresses guys I'm sorry there is a little
white dress I actually like the idea of
babies wearing white a lot I think that
makes them look like little angels got a
scalloped collar so a bow row also from
next is a little baby pink cardigan I
think I got this to match with the
little dress imagine we will have a one
month or a hundred Day celebration so I
figured this could be something that she
could wear or just is also from next I
love next clothes Oh
I usually don't really shop from next
but when it comes to her baby clothes
they have the cutest hunter percent
verbage and then here's a blue one of
shells in it I Sookie I even got the
bottom for me imagine wearing this a man
and these bottoms so adorable and fun
here's a four pack off of sleeping suits
you see there's a white one with little
roses and then you have just a plain
pink line white one with polka dots
about 32 and then like a pink one with
little flowers so what's really handy
about this one is
it's built in 201 C so the 1c / stress
you guys know how I feel by babies
wearing white because she looks so
adorable when is also from Madeline but
like a pinky version and discuss the
ones the underneath as well which is
very handy so I don't have to like to
move this different Keita's on more
Wednesday just a little pink and white
stripes lines with a little pocket never
going to be used and then behind it we
have one of us ice cream umbrellas here
are some headbands because I figured
Isaac didn't really grow hair tell me
your own tune
she might be bold for a while feeling
that she'll be mistaken as a boy a lot
because when I was little
people often thought that I was a voice
yeah it doesn't hurt that put a bow
around her head I get another floral
dress and I love that in like baby
dresses they always have like all these
layers underneath of which makes it
really poofy and really cute also from
Madeline some sleeping suits to be
honest I die all these dresses but I
know most of times she'll just be where
needs because obviously is most
convenient and most comfy I produce
online at H&M and it's really cute on
the website is when I was kind of on a
shopping binge just wanting to buy
things for her but the little strawberry
Anna do you have like miniature
strawberries the quality of them don't
feel the best but I have to say hi softy
is she gonna look on this I think it's
nice but I don't know if I see a baby
wearing red a lot more red dress or this
stripy leggings on this polkadot head
bones hard shoot is this outfit more
sleep cysts from H&M I quite like the
color of these I mean like I don't like
to work purple myself but I do like to
lick off you know babies wearing like
and then we have this one another
polkadot one and just a purple one I
want to come from still onesies I don't
like getting ones that open from the
side so it's always much better when I
open turn the middle it's such a
nuisance dressing and changing babies
what is it aside we have a really run
pair of pink leggings here okay t-shirt
here
and then letter kit one here ice cream
colors I'm actually moving through
diadem's pretty fast because it too - I
don't even know why I don't even know if
you'll ever really even wear this I know
I I just have to get it I'm even like
wear t-shirt ooh - should I want to cry
so these are just one season I got them
in different sleeves so I'm sure some
sleeveless and some long-sleeve and
especially when it comes to changing
convenience and if you're nervous about
changing like Isis on your new board
frequent which you will so handy is the
fact that you just open up the buttons
okay so your layers find a surface place
your baby on and just slip through two
arms me changing watch is so much more
convenient and especially when you know
with a baby to hit is more clumsy when I
saw these I just had to stock up and I
got them in different sizes as well I
know a newborn psyche don't really be
wearing you Simoes so smile and enjoy
min with a little white and yellow one
and then like a yellow one here
I got seen design with the stuff buttons
we have like a little pink fun little
bear I love getting baby clothes and DMX
because these always get a really good
bargain for fees before finding out the
gender of a corn bed doesn't really
matter to be honest the reason I got
these is again for the snapback onesies
very convenient and then we have another
set here I like it was a really really
quick
oh I need to buy more ha ha ha ok
alright guys that is my baby girl haul I
just
I enjoy that way too much thank you so
much for showing me and I shall talk to
you soon
