and I was already doing like quite short
breaths and I'm like if I'm like this
trying to pressure a bottle movement
then what am I going to be like if I'm
trying to pressure a person afternoon
everyone
uploaded a privacy vlog yesterday and
actually quite a few guys asked if I can
do the tutorial on my makeup so I did
for you guys been a while since I filmed
a tutorial
especially because lately I just haven't
really been looking at feeling that
great then I feel like this peachy look
really don't help a lot and I share in a
slog video with you guys anyway to give
quite a few guys have been asking what
I've been wearing on my lips on this
color pop and ultra satin lip shade is
called exaggerated so good it was good
personal really nice how you guys are
like you're glowing I'm moving around is
like oh you should heart your hybrid
see now I need to pee one pencil
it was hard to say I go from a to z-- to
like seven really fast
baby thanks my bladder is the pointing
bulb I finally gave in about one of
these support pregnancy fun I don't know
and this is pacy both a label help
support my back a little bit in the past
hour watching version videos I don't
even know how it's gonna go drawing when
it happens for all I know I'll probably
and is getting cesarean again or I don't
know because working birthing video I'm
very like picky the ones okay how many
pick ones that look like it's going to
become kind of been like dodging and
avoiding the thought of it for a while
because first I write I didn't really
know what I was expecting because I was
induced and supposedly when you're
induced they're suppose to be stronger
and because they overdose me I was
contracting like every 20 seconds which
technically means that usually naturally
if you're contracting every 20-30
seconds you're like ready to push but
when I was induced I Elysion why I find
there I was nowhere near it there's no
point of me talking about like ha
Giselle doing contractions I guess I'm a
little overwhelmed thinking about it and
they say that them usually they're not
something about giving birth is your
body makes you forget about it and I
think that is kind of treated one day I
never really got to do was to actually
push because in the end I need an
emergency c-section but the whole
thought of pushing a bozo always scared
me like it's so weird inviting is weird
but the thought of being cut open
doesn't scare me as much as me tearing
down there isn't for everyone but you
know quoting my friends you push their
stomach rather than dying there
especially if you don't want to tear
which is something somewhat terrifying
but yeah I guess right now to all the
mommy friends out there I would love to
hear your tips when it comes to pushing
because this is what I'm most afraid of
anyways Tim most beautiful preserves or
something what you do para Newton got
something in his office
gonna Wow me can I pee first wait why
the like Google by itself it's Big Bang
Theory so light just went on anything no
are you controlling it on your phone
love you I'm pressing one button
what hobby oh is it really necessary
feeling you're actually going to time
yourself I can meet up here then I
stopped listening before you did
I'm still playing off the remote but
it's cute hi enthusiastic er about your
man cave by the way every night as you
like come sign is a good night and like
chill for our daily talk he'll go peep
can i retreat to my mom--she
call guy who think boot my office was
indeed office hmm
so as i was saying like speaking off
like the whole birthing thing like Tim
thinks I should just get a c-section
again yes II think since I got asked
already
I might as well in the moment c-section
feels well easy someone does it for
Eva's just the recovery is mmm got a
really good recovery though but it is
not easy
yeah a lot of the nurses this afternoon
I was trying to do number two and I was
already doing like
put your short breaths and I'm like if
I'm like this trying to portray a bottle
movement and what I'm not going to be
like if I'm trying to push her a person
be like coming for you today I'm gonna
kick me out you know please exit through
the five key
I'm visiting so long you may be eruption
you kind of got demoted here because the
snoring's been driving me crazy but not
by he Minds I guess oh my my hair what's
wrong with my hair
guys no sleeping husband Oh a bit tough
lately and we have a really nice
mattress is very comfortable you can see
she obviously enjoys it but it's just I
cannot sleep on my side because it hurts
far too much and I tried making my own
like makeshift we find that by using all
the pillows and the thighs and just
making like a wedge but it doesn't seem
to work and I need something more solid
so I think we should get some sleep
going to be getting up nice and early
tomorrow so like prepare to make the
food but it gets well there's not really
much to do because we just stick
everything and all then to be honest I
think either way it's time for an early
night gonna everyone oh no you know like
I know when he says no it's a true thing
ever you know I do want to do this
joining together can't go girl and I
like when I asked him a question he
liked it he tries to like act like I
think oh and it's just ask you no no
it's no no and he's peeing
I just uploaded a new picture and
Instagram and all comments is just looks
just like Tim Otto got her and like
everybody's just saying he looks just
like Tim let's go to break that face and
smile just like Tim doing Kim's face all
I see is him smirky face hundred percent
ins face of resemblance to Tim is
uncanny
he's waiting to retreat to his man Keith
here we go no please please no have to
be please please
you know he's going to be like Isaac
again please no and you make a really
good one along with the expression in
eyes yes i'ii push make off me happy
happy bubbly please be kinda creepy when
you do this
