and I think that's going to be reveal at
all what wolf good morning everyone
she's really really nice day for a baby
shower
oh my green is what do you know it's
like a minefield of Tamil cooks this
morning why did you do that
Domo did you not wait for mommy to let
you outside
I know like Tim husband
am i joking about it I'm altered hey
Jordan er we should sell bubble no fears
subscribers are there any takers for
this dog he doesn't know how to use it
properly
no it's a goal I think I might double is
he never fully learned hard to cook a
party and my damn boy thing there's two
reasons he doesn't like sharing with
chubby and the toilet he pad and then
secondly when he who it can't stay
stationary he has to walk when is doing
that so even though we could get him to
start in the pee pad she'll still have
to keep walking for her poo to come the
only thing we can do side of my as often
as we can but of course Dom will can
always wait I don't show her that doors
I changed my card or a good idea any
angel oh my goodness and mind-blown guys
for a longest time I thought the dials
indicated the toasting level that you
wanted but no guys numbers actually just
mean how many minutes you wanted to be
toasted for do you know that sip right
oh we managed to do like a little setup
here last night so faster tissues
garland slash fun something that I made
and then I bought the boy or girl one
from Amazon here are some cups let's
party
a napkin plate I didn't get nice I feel
like when you get like cater fruit like
knife or just kind of wasted
especially if it's like finger food
pieces are adorable one is from my mom
on one is on my mother-in-law I bought
it for us for Christmas
beautiful man just goes on top of the
cake he or she obeyed to me like
priorities up for me please favorite
people in pop I'm gonna go outside and
grab some balloons stop my balloons got
my catered food here get them in the car
the cakes going to be there we got like
the pies in the fridge there's going to
be Revere at all oh this is my friend
Claire and she is your master object and
really sweet because she actually
insisted they became free for us just
like when we do in your hair Jax I need
to bring cupcake now I know you've
already done so much and yet she still
came with like a huge batch of cooking
very clean and museum-like only the mess
you know what your friend comes over and
they know you don't recall the other
they bring their own machine cause if
you like you want hot chocolate
I wasn't me clothes are yet to Betty for
MacIsaac Samba - oh what's your mama
obviously teen girl for me my yes you
tell me about my success of which help
me answer you as well you know I think
my happens you know why obviously
failing boy
my
the way
my water it's not home one of her
girlfriends to Safari so we did a little
heavy dinner for her help me stay home
help cleaned up I was today for you yeah
it was easy I could create the company
really excited but rather little baby
boy or girl let me do this
she said strictly no gifts but other
than others yeah
thank you everyone here we will we're
having a little girl and for the 80% 80%
of you guys your guess that it was
actually I don't know even the people
here today we're all pretty much made a
girl it was just such a perfect day
because the baby shower was so intimate
and I just felt like I got to talk to
everyone and I think a lot of it is also
because Tim I barely even needed to lift
a finger today so I really got to thank
Tim and especially because right
afterwards I pretty much went straight
to the girly dinner we are having a
little girl and we're so excited
anywhere mentioning that Sam we don't
intend to offend anyone I know of the
cake being pink a blue and in the
balloons and stuff I don't believe that
pink should only be associated with
female I don't believe that you know
blue should be associated with male I
guess in terms of visualization and just
just for simplicity for everyone it was
just easier to do it this way I
hopefully you guys can get offended no
that is not our intention to perfect bed
on the floor kids logic Sahin cheese
toastie yes I'm sorry I know that like
you've been like cleaning up and you
haven't had time to make yourself a
proper dinner while I was out having
dinner Duggar Oh
okay I gotta go consume more stuff you
may retreat to your man cave
you read my mind
