so--but why are you recording me I've
got a straightforward question I ask you
okay but it's going to take some
thinking good morning everyone
Isaac is currently in daycare we were in
Hong Kong for a while he was obviously
out of fake here for a while
everything is ticking him a little bit
more time for him to just
I'm skipping hehe and when he grew two
days a week you sure he does have a
blast there and he does enjoy himself so
I think he does need some time don't
know if you guys noticed I'm sort of
China and middle parting it's not as
middle as I would like because it keeps
falling but I don't know for a pass be
flogged I really haven't been putting on
makeup and it's the first day of spring
I am a nurse I'll use my peach palette
and put on a peach color when I look at
myself with the middle parting I'm not
sure just going to make it go back to
side parting it's been a while since I
filmed a pregnancy plug so I'm going to
go ahead and do that and I'm also gonna
do Pina baby helping you and currently
making the tissue paper bunting for the
baby shower
I already made four so far I'm a
cheerleader give me an L Oh give me an O
oh hey hey do you get ya but ants I
should have something two loops with you
this is very very irritating it's very
special for me because especially with
the little scare that we had I'm the
fact that I didn't have a baby shower
the first time so it'll be nice to
celebrate this life and before we get
off the Hong Kong next month where I
will people will see my family for is
you feelin a big good opportunity for us
to chill and spend time together because
easily just cut feed my cell it's just
out of pure laziness I got them semi
prepared look for the wig all you really
do is get laid each sheet and then just
cut flops you know it lines you want to
make sure you leave it go to in check up
up here so once you're done cutting the
plus you want to open it up in the
middle and you will take two sheets I
don't need a file box where you can see
my stuff and then starting from one side
you just want to roll nice and tight me
that's it
Kate rollin rollin rollin rollin boop
beep roll and roll and roll and while
you're rolling you want to be mindful up
be from dirt I rolled up what you want
to do is you know this part here you
want to just quit this part just a
straight knife any bits and pieces that
flows nicely and you should have
something that looks like this and then
you should take your tape has enough
that you can wrap the base off the part
that you twisted so you see there's like
a little bit piece that you're going to
pierce it with some sort of string and
just wrap and nine we have a gold one I
uploaded our twenty weeks can I call
twenty week even though I got it close
to twenty three and it's funny because a
lot of you guys have been making guesses
of acorn specs based on the scan with
say probably 60% think it's a girl and
then 40% thing is a boy the string that
came was actually happens if you think
I've made my hate violence
in the car waiting for it's in this to
pick up Isaac
school today hey leave it boys okay boy
fatty spider boys mommy spider West baby
spider yeah feeling quite lazy coming
back so tonight I'm just going to have a
Huffington chicken tomato and basil
pasta please mr. Isaac
why are you crying but he was mean and
he was something and everybody
we're often to watch the tim has been
naive disease Emma Watson for a while
yeah buddy
it's like for Emma Watson as well I
think half the people are really excited
because I myself I really adore Emma
Watson is a person our silver assistant
so you just like know her and Hermione
the younger generation will know Emma
Watson as well rather than Hermione
we just finished watching it I like the
elbow I wasn't expecting very much
because growing out sweetie in Ibiza was
my favorite so I've seen it a lot of
times I liked it but I didn't love it
and it's really hard for me illiterate
because um I feel like with remake since
I already knew the fewest of the movie
even I know what's coming up so it's not
like I would give it a secret
Anamika new needs to me we're perfect
the way they were they're so cute
now here buy what you need screaming I
also appreciate and they give it a twist
just connect with it I'm a little
different a bigger more interesting so
I'm really intrigued with Milan because
a lot of people are frustrated two
things one is they're not going to
include singing and she is a character
she won't be in it I really like the
character sing but I guess this is a
chance for it to put a twist and to make
things a little different it doesn't
have to be exactly the same that's what
animation was so good yeah like I'm the
guy that's like that so um did a really
good job
heading Kadeem or something and well
colony because the guys know like
clapping earlier this evening um my mom
Melissa ponder like well Wi-Fi my mom
I'll go meet him bump it obviously she
was worried and she was like would like
some you and I are both very mature
people then you and Lindy can't you know
get together with him alike wouldn't say
I would rather it don't you try you know
she's always like you I'm feeling
service he actually said to me
muah Oh even though yeah cuz cuz you're
pregnant - no from the baby find I we
were private already like oh I kind of
awkward
clean up
it looks like a parrot back sir always
like this when you get there good yes it
go really fast rising all you need is a
little football you no longer look like
a little old man thank you
a bit why are you recording me I've got
a straightforward question I asked you
okay but it's gonna take some thinking
yeah all right so imagine you go to this
pizza shop okay Hawaiian wine okay and
the order pizzas gonna be a lion this
can be a large Hawaiian pizza okay and
then the way to ask you just one
question will you like your pizza
cutting eight slices or twelve sizes
okay what do you choose on why well yeah
what do you choose and why
how many people there just you
he's not getting really the eight or
twelve eight why would you be able to
finish all sizes in the same insane
large pieces oh okay did you come you
came all the way downstairs to look for
a camera just ask me that question
it's common knowledge I may have pretty
brain but what does he take me for
