I need to pee hello everybody its Bob
welcome to my 23 week pregnancy vlog so
I don't think a while since we filmed
one I think my nothing was making weeks
so it has been about four weeks since
then if it isn't every single
pregnancies long but time has really
been flying and quite a lot has been
happening since our last pregnancy blog
but first of all let's see how baby is
doing baby's eyes are not really formed
and there is only enough space for a
baby to somersault
eggwin has all the proportions of a
newborn but not so much fun so this is a
time where the baby really pops up baby
is about the size of a pomegranate and
weighs about a point which is pretty
tree because courageous can acorn is
about one point remember those who don't
know I was in hospital and I got
discharged yesterday so I was only
really in there for a day and they
admitted me because recently I've been
feeling vaginal pain and experiencing
bleeding course I was worried because
previous it is pregnancy you guys know
that that I had a early miscarriage
since we're more than halfway into this
pregnancy I just couldn't even bear
myself into the thought of losing any
cord so but nonetheless when I was in
hospital I thought hey you know I was
bleeding through it my pregnancy until
like the next week so many if nothing
maybe because the pressure of the
growing baby sometimes it can cause
bleeding and so they did a vaginal
examination and if you're worth marginal
examination I'm sure you know it's no
walk in a park it's not very pleasant
when a doctor says to checking down
there she mentions that there is
bleeding unfortunately it was coming
from the wound which isn't as ideal yes
you just mentioned about the risk of the
placenta tearing or separating but you
know usually she says if the placenta
tears ninety percent of the time it does
reattach and you like to alter with me
but of course it can lead to
complications like miscarriage and
preterm labor really did with me I but I
guess being in hospital and the nurses
and doctors being so nice I just mean I
was in good hands
and
especially during the whole time a corn
which is kicking me constantly
I was very reassuring and every few
hours nurses would come and monitor the
heartbeat and the heartbeat seems really
strong and then I had a matter of
marginalize nomination and this time it
came with China lights even more
glamorous than the first time doctors
get noticed at inside she could see
something called polyps but from what I
knew polyps are usually benign tumors on
a blade from times they can appear
during pregnancy because of the the
hormones and so Jesus second that may be
debris making the polyps he said so that
was definitely very reassuring for me to
hear because that is much better than
the thoughts of my person for separating
long story short the next day I was able
to get a scan where they took the baby
and the present and everything and
everything looks good baby looks healthy
fine strong organs or strong
relationship technician there was
nothing alarming looking at the
percentage she is mentioned I have an
interior percenter which means that the
person is facing the baby so with
something to worry about it just means
that you know I guess it cushions a baby
more and if the reason why I don't feel
the baby moving as much because the
blows are softened by since there's like
a big cushion in front of it when I did
the blood tests on me they said there
were a Peabody's in my blood and it's a
little unusual which was very weird to
me because I thought something you're
supposed to have anyways but obviously
it just meant that my body was fighting
some sort of infection so it could mean
the poly polyps were infected but either
way the doctors were pretty happy to
send me home the next day they just told
me to monitor the pain and the bleeding
we did have a little scare but I think
the whole experience has just made all
of us cherish this baby even more and
get everybody for all of your wonderful
messages and your prayers now it just
blows me away that you guys care so much
of my 8.9 so none of that episode is
over really excited and
prepared to enjoy this week's baby
showers last gender reveal when we were
in Hong Kong we did a private scan and
we asked to keep it a surprise but they
accidentally reflected gender and it was
okay we were in my er anything and I was
in the hospital yesterday and I had the
scan the technician was able to confirm
what the doctor in Hong Kong expected I
mean really looking forward to this baby
shower because I didn't have one the
first time Randall Isaac since I was at
Hong Kong isolated away my family so it
could be really special this time being
able to do my loved ones even though
it's just a really small gathering there
were some things I'll be in Hong Kong
next month so I just want to you know
you just had to be a family and my
family will most likely will people with
fever a cord until we come back just the
way you guys know that a cord is fine I
actually uploaded this picture my
Instagram off our scan first thing we
they will look at the profile for
wandering and a Crim will have mojitos
there Tim snows so judging from this pic
looks like the profile is mine knows
either way it could have daddies people
knows as well a lot of gender guesses
based on this scan picture and you guys
will find nice tree after the gender of
your life Thomas when I can't wait
because it's so hard I don't know how
people keep the sex a secret because
where is lipstick quite a handful of
people so not into sex but I think we're
pretty solid on a name as well Preston
we want to sit in my bladder this baby
thinks my bladder is a voicing ball
because I am just peeing like if I could
I'll have a whole workstation instead of
I run my toilet I'll house laptop here
booth there I could just go all day long
and even if it's like a little bit of
pee I have to release it my turn weight
is support kilogram I remember when I
gave birth to Isaac will close up to I
will succeed one in between not be
giving birth ball will see in my way
is around seven kilograms or else we
would know that this time line I am
getting more weight although when I take
any more weight I can also say that one
Alex Amir I feel like I'm different
I cut really complete what it is I feel
like my face looks different day I did a
bit of contouring but I just feel like
in general I feel more swollen and my
normal ones because my shoes feel a bit
more tight usually in my rings
they're quite loose but as you can see
it's starting to get stuck a little bit
so like look Isaac I had a more visible
waist even toward the end but my even
just on 23 weeks I feel like I don't
really have a waist there's a swelling
have caused more bulk to go all around
the last pregnancy four-bed mentioned
that I was starting to get fatigued
again but only in the window but
recently I've been getting it full blast
like kick in the face just been feeling
very tired I feel like even just going
up the stairs seems like a bit of a
mission getting dying is a mission and
then getting up seems to be even more so
previous pregnancy I mentioned that I
had a pretty bad case of something
called a symphysis pubis dysfunction or
known as a pelvic girdle pain quite
common and unfortunately I did have it
pretty bad basically what happens is
during pregnancy your body releases
something called relaxin helps to loosen
up the ligaments to prepare it for birth
which is a good thing but what happens
is sometimes those too good of a job at
it so therefore it's meet my whole
pelvic area so very unstable wobbly
which is a reason why at only 23 weeks
I'm like loading already
oh you'd imagine your thigh bone is
connected to the pelvis by bolts and be
both or something like really listen of
course it's gonna wobble around and so
it can be quite straining for the whole
pelvic area and because the pelvic is
unstable it means as an experiencing
pretty bad back pain as well which is
inaudible it's nothing new to what I
experienced before in the pregnancy
without using
the meeting is this timeline I'm getting
them early so far it has been
uncomfortable I have to admit but
manageable do anything that really sucks
is sleeping because especially my right
hip is the most painful part and you're
supposed to sleep on your left side
because supposedly
it's better blood flow for the baby with
whoever's sleeping on my lap just causes
a lot of strain in my right knee it's
actually in the back and hip pain
obviously I would feel most comfortable
sleeping in my back but because it's
more ideal to sleep on your back because
it can like compress onto your vessel
and restrict blood flow to the beaches
then it's not really an option for me
these are something that I really got a
fuck up to and understand that this may
be my very last pregnancy you know for
all we know we could be happy as two
children so as difficult or
uncomfortable pregnancy can be cherish
each and every moment not just perish
take cakes and flutters but also the
aches and pains did you guys know that
appreciate praise before I mentioned
I've been a bit cranky and little things
have started to get to me you know we'll
be sitting in a car and I get really
aggravated because Tim's like breathing
really lied and is his life reading
bothers me you can imagine i angry I get
nighttime when I'm like uncomfortable
already and in pain and I'm trying to
sleep and he snoring lied yeah I think
right now he's kind of like walking on
eggshells a little bit as I'm just a
little bit terrified of me I haven't
really been creaming anything actually I
feel like right now I um I don't know
what I want
what is pregnancy I have been flying
quite a bit I think I spent like nine
times so far
and I did ask the doctor if she thinks
my bleeding is due to the fact that
after traveling around so much and she
did roll out but when I did notice or
went off in hospital and when I was put
on complete bed rest
it seemed like it helped with the
bleeding and it did help
with the pain I think I just need to
remind myself to just take it easy
I forget ask why baby a coin and qotb
acorns when I want to be one of my early
pregnancy scans and a car park Isaac's
picked up a little acorn and give it to
me
so in the moment I decided to name the
baby
acorns event guess after read update the
gist of this fault is just um maybe I've
been overworking myself a little bit and
just needs to easy really should use
this time to enjoy a pregnancy and just
to relax because when a cone gets here
we're going to be really really busy
okay so let's finish up by showing you
guys my boy sock here is a coin at 23
weeks so when I was in the hospital is
today the Midwife feels like you have
quite a bump don't you at 23 weeks and I
was like yeah and I would have done in
like quite sharp and low but you can see
from this side I feel like I don't
really have a week and s'more is just
kind of like barrel jumping inside your
memory this dress is one of my favorite
family any new underwear it's starting
to get this tight starting to rip the
lung and elastics as I was gonna pinch
this is this is what it would look like
whoa keep picking my line was really
cute because every day Isaac actually
helped me apply the belly oil there's
something else really she is well he
does like he says Rama and if you guys
watch my blog videos I mentioned that
Isaac loves new is he's having a little
sister or a brother
it doesn't have me neither but some
watches name the belly Lala thank you so
much for being in this journey with me
means a lot that you guys are in this
with me I know I think I'm a coin is you
really lucky to have all these awesome a
season of gold around the world I was
beat you guys dinner ticket
