sorry I haven't been vlogging in Iceland
please Justin I'm just going diving and
haven't been feeling too great yes yes
okay thank you
new some has been selling great lately
and it's not just this impetus to
business function which is just my
pelvic region feeling really unstable
it's kind of gaining like vaginal pain
I'm sorry if it's like TMI but just
really feeling like a lot a lot of
pressure this morning I woke up through
the toilet and I was quite surprised
when I looked at the toilet bowl and it
was like completely bright red and I
figure it'll disgust me oh you know I
wipe myself and you know there was quite
a lot of blood so it's called the
emergency out-of-hours GP and the doctor
is going to be coughing like I'm just
feeling a bit worried it's so big horns
okay what was what I was afraid of when
I started to feel pain down below and I
was scared like what if I'm like what if
I'm dilating already and obviously the
babies like me 23 weeks
I just went to toilet check again and
there's more bleeding I don't know what
I would do it and even have to say
you give you my keys
we're in a me the time to be Ward's
version of a knee right the coach go
ahead with mummy give mommy a kiss
you're gonna give that our kiss give
daddy a kiss
what do you say I say are you gonna get
daddy a kiss
Isaac you need a body a kid how are you
so what did it do to me again what is
this the king what ikujiro crying and so
we just had a check and the doctor stuck
a cop in Lindy they check the baby and
friends art as a bit of bleeding from
the womb so she asked us consult her
minion doctor the touch of the presenter
or something or maybe a slight turn into
shelters ie to the monkey Oh face every
time I say no every time I find all
dvb-t a fella face every time this is
good to to food
oh we're waiting the guy decides to be a
patient as well as being a vocal
imitation pretty mama will make it I'm
going to be faded overnight they said
it's SP admit me or they can monitor me
on maybe marginal bleeding like looks
like it comes from I would but I mean
they said it could be as basically
breeding or we become hair so either
late there's one just died on me this is
what I was a kid mmm and I speak people
here water curtain for privacy and then
I got my watch I'm gonna mmm actually
good time to read it brings me back to
and I had Isaac in hospital she had
another marginal examination so he's
actually leaving a lot today I think
trying to reassure me
you know that everything is okay Frankie
turns from a nice little math and
Manhattan air and we have taken ship and
then I am so quite cool I got to talk to
a few mommies and and a subscriber I'm
actually having a pretty good time here
little bears are so comfortable
Katie yeah oh no you had like too many
of these at home already
rule kept defending to look at be fun
you know I'm just staying here overnight
babe really honey
someone's trippy yesterday you're all
here Vampiro
Kenny is like a chef who combined
something called our switch their
president is a reason for making
anything is opportunity for I need to
get a look at the motion of they can
actually and comes but usually there was
very tonight we did it again and yet
there's nothing alarming of Isis I can
set everything to be
a quick seemingly mama about a first
thing we did when we saw the Pope
elephants gasps trees new more beers
haha I actually see I never I know I
thought it's okay I know but everything
is baby fine yes yeah doctors are happy
are you helping us to go do you wanna
save me and your dinner
okay
I'd say look at my cool hello
right on the day I get discharged this
hot doctor comes in and you actually see
all the mums in a war point and I think
wonder if you want to jack me no I would
not like that
there's many water towers are you
scoring doctor with my bump in other
than my at least six to three at least
six agree these are really tight
trousers although actually really nice
doctor and she actually said I heard
you're quite famous here and I was like
what the kind of awkward cause like you
know she see me down there but then
Haverhill me
- and the through three this is her
every line feels really good to be home
again first thing I did was take a nice
shower that's also gross I have had a
strong feeling I would be coming home
today I have to figure it all wait to
shower instead just a quick message to
say a really big thank you for all your
kind words and your prayers so blows me
away just how much you guys care for
this stranger or even this stranger and
I just want to say it it really means a
lot so yesterday when the breathing
started I just I couldn't help but feel
worried because you know previous to
this pregnancy as you guys know I had
early miscarriage I was grateful that it
happened early but with this pregnancy
you know I'm like way over halfway you
know and I just I just couldn't even
bring myself to think about losing this
one again even though I've always known
that some women leave heavily to write
their pregnancy wasn't like overly
worried until they did the examination
and then the doctor told me the bleeding
came from the womb and that made me
scared because you know I knew that I
could only mean like oh my placenta is
tearing or even were separating and even
do and my placenta terrors 90% I will
heal by itself so I need to alter with
me but you know I'm aware that I could
trigger this carriage and preterm labor
and also and when they did a blood test
they said that there were a few bodies
and my blood and a woman's supposed to
be there which was very confusing cuz I
thought you're supposed to help up your
body unless it means that like I've got
an infection when I had another
examination where I'm based on like a
big life between my legs very glamorous
and then she actually told me that she
could see something called a Pope Pope
Pope said Pope's pull this pulpit or
Pope but basically I'm not so sure
exactly what it is but supposedly
they're very benign tumors and you know
pregnancies can sometimes trigger them
to to to hormones so you know that might
be the causative bleeding as well and
then today
and money to have a scan and nothing was
actually alarming to the technician the
technician said actually my placenta
looks pretty healthy everything looks
good and so because the doctors are
happy enough I'm happy and they're
monitoring acorns harpy it seemed
healthy the scan all organs and
everything seemed well I mean it's just
high affected one day of bed risk being
as I mentioned to you guys I was in
quite a lot of vaginal pain yeah I don't
know dated maybe because I've been
resting maybe I just needed his later
died I don't know but my son below it
doesn't seem to be a sewer yeah I know I
I gotta take it easy I know the fright
of pregnancy has been pretty non-stop
and I've been trying to do as much as I
could while I can but I think this is
just a Korn's message telling me she
slow down I am still bleeding not as
heavily as before assistant tool to call
them if you know anything el army
happens whole experience has just made
me realize just how much we cherish this
little one of course want to say a huge
thank you to the team at the royal
maternity ward because all the doctors
all the nurses the people help serve
food the people that help to clean up
they were all so sweet honest and quite
a few Malini's when I was in the ward a
lot of them had conditions which is much
more worrying and mine and to see them
so strong and positive is really
inspiring especially aiming if you're
watching I was really nice meeting me
and I was shooting her a little girl
all the best so yeah I just got to be
extra careful in this pregnancy and I
think I was just moving around way too
much and lifting things
yeah I got a chill so thank you once
again to everyone and that one apologize
for making you guys worry it was so nice
being able seeing a coin for like a full
30 minutes and even the technician was
so nice she doesn't wanna come they
accidentally let slip what the sex was
and today the technician actually
confirmed for us we're close to hundred
percent sure regarding the sex I'm going
to go ahead and dry my hair and I will
talk to you guys really soon everyone
