when someone finally opened their
Christmas present so my family and I are
creating a hot pop I'm not exactly what
we're doing kids are finally got a stage
where sit by themselves and have dinner
while US adults can enjoy our hobby No
Oh
thinking on the contrary is not feeling
well today so we both got a little cold
well I'm you guys notice that with Ella
every time she laughs she has like a
squeak at the end like a squeaky toy you
might little easier
oh so happy you must really be like well
yesterday I uploaded my very first video
on my boobs baby Channel I just want to
thank you guys for all your comments you
guys were saying like bubs it's okay if
you never even returned to us we'll
always support you and then some people
will say like will always be here in his
channel waiting for you you know I'm so
lucky
it looks like Isaac has the vomiting bug
this is the first time he's ever had it
he went to bed happy and woke up just
crying he never wakes up crying and he's
been miserable all day or he's vomited
three times already
I'm not just vomiting like a lot Alex
continuous he's just been real a
lethargic and he has a fever right at
night it's gonna make him something
blonde so I think I'm gonna make him
some congee according to my
sister-in-law I'm just continuing to
give him small sips of water
I'm just keeping him hydrated giving
Kyle Pole the lower the fever and just
keep an eye on him if I poke him mommy's
not responsive and we're moving into a
and E like the strawberry ice huh feel a
bit sorry for himself in his room so I
took him downstairs they can be with us
it's cooking today this girl please
don't get sick as well
she loves to slam herself back huh gonna
do it again huh are you body rolling
ha I don't think II feel better
you smell like cute Isaac but when
you're sick you get to relax get to
watch lots of TV with the body come up
we read together
would you like that I just put a bucket
next to the bed just in case and tonight
he will be sleeping next to me so I can
keep an eye on him that's not too bad I
mean it is a little high but it's better
I'd say you're getting better to keep
you nice and cool sometimes we get sick
everybody gets sick sometimes mommy is
sick my daddy is sick it's okay you'll
get better
he was bouncing on her trampoline she
barns very high Macy fell she hurt her
leg or may see some mommy and daddy -
Isaac is the best boy in the whole wide
world really and is the best boy when
sleeping now mommy do you want pinky do
you want Ali tonight to sleep with you
as well which one are you packing now
Thank You Isaac
Andi for mommy please my pee okay
penguin asleep
this was her mommy
checking his temperature you better now
yeah be happy to be better not anymore
good
