three sets of snacks to be on the road
the best tenants Mac is the casillases
the stevia student and is letting go of
the edge of your March whenever you feel
like it you go way don't feel like I
just hang at the side of the road and
heading pages eyesight closer leaves - 2
degrees and also water in Cyprus because
they're like my hair is softer and
already I'm using any map or anything
in water I'm going to see that waterfall
oh yeah and I could go behind the
waterfall and what is doomed is evil -
oh and it's really wet here inside the
waterfall - little wet
any other six months pregnant lady
Walter people
slippery ball oh no 50
sup
well you go Chari is minus 2 on the way
to the top these steps are quite big
lunge not too late to quit moving oh
let's go I'm not exaggerating honest
 man
these bees are pretty sick Oh way over
halfway we made it
wait there can you so scary a lot water
this is 400 shows you to try powerful
mother nature is these ways are crazy
yeah that's right
I think World War 2 describe where we
are is powerful you mean about you like
black and then basically what you're
seeing our case and the waves break into
it so eventually those caves get broken
through and it turns to an actual arch
and then the arch can get really
vulnerable and then the top vertical and
that's how you get back morning everyone
is currently 9 a.m. and I have to back
late last night and I read a nice levels
because Tim Lakshmi slept in a living
room I don't know why maybe to be extra
tired or or the older he gets the more
that he snores but yeah basically for
the past two days I haven't been
sleeping well because he hasn't been
sleeping well because I haven't been
sleeping well because his snore you
should been cracking me up night before
I got so frustrated from the filth of
myself
barely getting sleep that I got this
giant pillow smacked it in his face and
it usually will commute like cultural
the most innocent and Treatise way and I
felt so bad about breakfast here that's
Miami pet some backs into my puck since
okay supposedly this is a icelandic
friend
it's called skier's something that you
pretty much will only get in iceland
that looks like yogurt very really good
for you cuz there's no time for a really
little buy even it's really thick
different
you're right when is really sick my mom
in law is updating me with hi she's seen
with high stick endures and the cookies
having banana I'm cereal like a king it
is our last we can put you here is I but
I'm the artisan be grabbing some lunch
still tiny people for the most have a
hot dog quite a decent amount of people
queuing first clicks and licks nothing
to sexual threats irritated particular
area it would employ a human likely
answer if this wolf really yep goodness
rotten Ralph an income to dude we're
going hold I say words an Icelandic
Church in point Center we have to be
quiet
so the meters the goodies cream right so
once we bring here is that people no
vegetation you know what the sign of
fortune has always kind of scared me too
I don't like this argument and I like
singing last day here so we were finally
going to be the highlight which is
visiting the little is doing something
I'm really looking forward and also
nervous about being away side and just
my son suit little bit early it's safe
for painful bees as well but I don't
think I can log it there because you
know as you can guess it's a lot of
water so we have some snacks to be on
the road
mackynzie's busy lately you just hit it
just lagged angle at the edge of your
mind whenever you feel like it you go
when you feel like I just hang at the
head hey Kevin can drive well while you
do don't think I'll be able to fall
because we'll be in there but yeah
wow I know you'll get your drink there
we are at a fairly good diner gradient
called Rosie from it thoughts if you
enjoy that yeah look a movie with me
yeah can you take up really cool thing
is we actually nice
Oh Stark we just saw it it was behind us
the whole high and we're looking ahead
feel so groggy and my cool and today cuz
like we've been on the road so we've
been eating like a lot of snacks a lot
of jewelry tools but my skin doesn't
look so bad today from the lagoon where
we're actually bathing we actually
caught a glimpse up the northern ice
wall those who see me it was quite
difficult to catch it again we're on the
road - oh boy - I was sleeping at the
back and then I was like when you guys
see it let me do it we managed to catch
it three times
nice so glory but we saw saw it ready to
head back to Northern Ireland a couple
of I'm saying this I'm actually also
looking forward to warmer weather
they're really really good trip if you
enjoy your talk yes
hey Ken thank you so much to our driver
Kevin
my only question is I'd be like Oh sue
stolen crap because but actually the
weather here is too nice compared ice I
feel really nice they actually could not
even knuckle Ronen quatre
once we off to grab some dinner because
they're quite tired of all the
travelling we don't really feel like
cooking we got our tiny food fix Rudi
there's no place with your own bed
ain't that right why is it on your
vacation you'd wake up and everything's
fine you just using everyday but the
second you get home it's almost as if
it'll hex even there like a shoelace
pretty costing all times you get up to
more stuff you're more active which is a
good thing and a lot of times it's not
just physically giving yourself a
holiday it's mentally so I find out you
know especially with Iceland I was able
to completely focus on my friends just
enjoying myself and um just giving your
mind a mental break isn't that right
honey yes I took a little break from you
but I was there
