there you go I need a nanny I think can
contend I have a hug I think she was
right nice go it
it's a beautiful change to my playing of
the water.if plan we're going to be
reading Northern Ireland um it could get
a little since ice and really expensive
for our lucky so we're just holding
everything and for the coca where even
though today is like really warm ahead
of for Iceland keV the connection we can
just rely for a chlorine this is my I
mean it one flies a lot hope the
radiation is okay upon it looks like
this is what it looks like when I go
home normally here
Penrod I've been doing it sure looks to
those really silly stuff in Iceland is
make simple we're here in our apartment
this is actually pretty huge let's start
up here it all here is okay and then
here is the dining area but this is a
sitting area with this you got quite a
night and then here is one of the
bedrooms
oh here I should cut across here there's
like a laundry room and then here's a
shower room and then guessing this is
for you for your clothes okay so we went
up here earlier is this the other side
of the corridor so it's kind of like a
cross and then this is one of those
bathrooms again
here's one of the bedrooms and then
here's another webcam here so yeah so I
can see the negative in middle mason
jars
this is a lobster very rich everybody is
eating with we have see overeating so we
don't know every ting is so dark no
priest Ramallah Albert what is wrong
it's really good oh no I can't go
what is it fermented track reversal sure
oh no no kitchen
he's getting the last one I see to get
it to glory
there you go chew it up sort of see I
think a big moist in there but it's a
bit foggy today forgot to show you guys
the best part of this apartment it's
actually this drawer look at all the tea
I think I would go guys and all I see is
white because it's pretty much all
distance new so flap you can see for
miles and miles
welcome to local if you over that air
very least you're from all around me
awesome night and my friends they went
to the sheriff's office and they're up
against I somewhere to go I was like I
like with it like you like it itself is
it's just great but they'll go over the
kiss you die cuz I don't want you to be
filled eyes and so it's a full sizes
will die tell me a lot of Asians here
and everybody's wrapped up we whole look
for food you know you get excess protein
from you I need to pee again after fight
with it we're getting some warm food on
such a cold days
this one is last longer
thank you I am so excited
residual matching my chronic is all
night taking unintentional stick the
whole Direction based on big mountain
air and I can guess I'm like eight times
they were saying that they just part in
the come look at Caesars as a geezer the
geezers oh thank you oh yeah why we take
years
yes now man yep either just wait for it
to go see hi it's sort of opening there
you go
Oh something is gone comrade I gotta
move over
oops with my parts like this mine are
like ten times worse here oh my that is
a waterfall like you think of Isis I
closed the water looks
can you imagine falling you know
oh I pronounce a little moment we're at
the end Krieger don't play Kevin Kevin
creative ice I know he felt frozen over
can't don't you do the same
he would live to every winner Kitchener
was everyone getting ready to go I then
there's me
we're going to get some scissors and we
get braids on a heavy snow to come to
this restaurant
this is really really good very flavors
and although I got this I'll be cod
which is one of the popular in business
we go here and not good Wow
really good that's been really fun today
I don't think it's walking I think it's
sitting in the car starting to clozapine
so it just made me recommend below that
so we'll see how tomorrow goes it takes
for your fairness yours back
sitting is quite bad for my synthesis
pubis dysfunction are you just gonna
fail hello I don't know if you hear the
buzzer I think time off I mean be bunch
of friends one holiday was probably like
my eight nine years ago and my special
that like we can actually go on holiday
again but this time you know we're
bringing spouse partner on the beaches
