thank you package this guy cute yes one
side you got there yummy okay fine
there thank you please that wanna be
cute and you run RUP RUP good ringing
everyone puppy is moping and we're
getting patches of fur everywhere
Wow think about light come in and he
might be cuff T today for breakfast I've
got raspberries ja please my best friend
got me really into eating Sean Stokes
nice because entire just take some of my
cream craving something sweet for
breakfast as a treat doesn't this look
at night ah I was going to watch a
little TV while enjoying breakfast but
it's such a beautiful morning that I'm
just going to enjoy my quiet it was
really really nice just enjoying the
pilot or those who are wondering why I
think and Tim are doing in Hong Kong
here some pictures that tim has been
sending me for the dot here's some
looking all happy and last time some
pretty recent he's taking Isaac to play
I think a lot of times a lot of us urges
afraid of silence or being bored
but there's so much painting in there
sometimes when I Drive I can even turn
the radio on I just like the silence
why did you change into a guest like
comfy going like closing because I just
also drop in my PJs this is a maternity
dress from each a man and I worry so
much when I was pregnant I 600 happy to
wear it again
here is a cord at 22 weeks I popped in
to mark Spencer's because they have a
50% off in fact it was actually Tim
that's all needed so I thought I'll drop
in to have a look I thought I'll pick up
some stuff for a corn did it thank you
before you guys jump into conclusion so
cute I have a friend and he's also
expecting it also happens however she's
expecting its opposite of what I'm
having now we have a cardigan with like
little ears on it adorable and a bargain
morning guys
so as you guys know I've just been
simmering red beets with water and I
said so well last night since I ran out
of Sonic I'm just going to go ahead and
make it myself because I should have
enough freedom maryberry we meet again
the ingredients preheat oven to 220 cool
all right
so whatever the in mind it tells movies
I'm going to have it because instead of
making eight to ten which is too much
I'm okay just making four to five 225
grams of self-raising flour two
teaspoons of baking powder half that
obviously it means one teaspoon of
baking tartar mv5 grams of butter so
obviously having that up in the King
here I'm just going to use my fingers
and rub it makes it a good shot I've
been waking up really early lately and I
think it's a jet like I'm it's great you
have no idea it is how much more
productive you can be when you sleep
early and wake up early
especially when you wake up early
actually in the moshu days I'm going to
Iceland
really looking forward to
I've always wanted to go there in this
sugar so sugar why this says just be
grown so we're going to have that and
add 25 instead I'm gonna have this sugar
there's these two x Lebanese one and
step here to eight a Greek Street 300
mils of milk so with them using three
intervals of milk we are going to be
using 150 okay so I thought and she are
egging the milk to the egg mixture I'm
going to give it a whisk not going to
use all of it actually we're going to
cut some of the decide because we're
going to glaze the school bitter so I'm
making a little well in here and I'm
just going to pour it in milk in and I
can see I'm spinning the bowl and mixing
it in I'm just gonna keep doing this
kinda bowl I figure she have some flour
on my work surface I'm just going to
pour the dough on top realize I camera
stopped recording I'm sorry but dirty
oven already I didn't have an actual
cutter but did have this time Isaac's
play-doh so I just went took an equation
with the egg and milk mixture don't had
earlier all right
oh my goodness and are we guys yummy
that's crazy I don't even like Jam
Oneidas pregnancy I mean you really like
it mmm
what a beautiful morning mmm pickle
making early to make it back to school a
nice breakfast and guess what it's gonna
eat again let's get this final chapter
rolling blinkin up in an Isaac very soon
I think they just landed and I slowly
drive up a little bit perfect my pelvic
region has been causing some discomfort
lately all I know is this time joined
the discomfort is coming a lot earlier
at least two months earlier and I feels
like if you my opinion that there's like
screws bolting your legs into your hips
but feels like those screws are really
listened to when I walk I feel quite
unstable and probably so as you
get it made me waddle a little bit I
think specials because of my alignment I
and the weight of my belly how did it
get pretty bad pain in my lower back as
I'm always uncomfortable it's not so bad
but I'll make me wonder what it's going
to be like for the next few months
nonetheless I gotta remind myself that
this might be my my last pregnancy luke
and I have agreed that we would be a few
two kids but of course we never knew
what happens in the future we might
change your mind
you know things my husband but just in
case we set all of treated I really want
to cherish every single moment on this
pregnancy and the bit worried lately
because a quince in a bit quiet beast
couple days let's go get daddy and Big
Brother swinging waiting for my boy oh
oh
Isaac
careful
hmm hey are you happy to be home
I think you want Carson pick up this one
what's up phone callers it spaces again
thank you thank you okay do you want one
look at this one
you see Wilbur he's more excited if I
saying it's toy good morning everyone
e-every quani good morning everyone
you look like a long long long long time
since I picked up my camera good eating
once it's a little more occupied helping
them sell it be Ken and I are off to
Busan Iceland or some fun I think we'll
stop may not be coming and we actually
had a emergency thing because our
mother-in-law was supposed to fly back
in time period Isaac before we go to
Iceland but turns light the flight times
got mixed up as she will be back in time
instead of us getting an emergency
ticket where we fly our mother-in-law
back earlier Annie nany comes their
rescue so if you guys don't know Annie
is my best friend really nice of her to
step in and I was like okay you've been
oppressed this if that's what you want
but I am worried I'm not worried for
Isaac I'm worried for AMI
but yeah I mean if you're watching I owe
you a big one thank you so much for
being a life saver are you babies BK
marketing thank you can only leave my
approval everything types of things you
need come back okay yes Wow
trying to package this guy - yeah what
time you got there yummy okay
thank you
he's got one more mother so cute like I
said guys he doesn't know if it corns a
boy or girl we never mentioned name to
him and somehow he came up with Lala
yeah when you rub rub rub rub rub
thank you yeah yeah
where's al it yeah white coat 101 repack
everything cubby pack a brochure talk
