according to my culture they see that
red beef or cream lipstick lankton of
youth and we're at the airport again
hole hole except I'm no unless leaving
prayers which is the seed age I think
you'd be good boy stay with tapioca hold
above all my zit
okay study done in everybody's hands
come on mummy move of Omaha me Cory
Booker an anteater thank you Abbi okay I
hear Kaliyuga animal good boy
all going to a me NPCs in fall this
little kid is flirting with all arrows
Tessa's nicotine tip up a circuit Oh
mommy I guess your money because it can
be fixed
see mommy in two days okay mother
it's okay we're gonna go yeah and we go
well no everyone will come back in
northern island so I came back first as
you guys know and Tim and Isaac will be
joining me in a few days so yeah it is
currently five and I'm ready to pick up
the dogs Center morning and afternoon
tidying up the house
vacuuming mopping dusting changing the
duvet covers getting petrol grocery
shopping and so I'm leaving the best way
to left
let's go crap damn I miss you so much
back home I was going to edit and upload
and do some researching to start a new
chapter but I think I'm just going to
get easy tonight twelve hours is pretty
long to sit on the plane my tail bones a
bit sore because on the airplane that
mean recliner that broken my chair tell
me her painting and face now and go
behind morning ended up waking up at
like 400 chilly look at the color of the
sky
ah brought my amici back to go time
comes but it feels different there
because obviously the milk in Hong Kong
is different another thing I really miss
having in Hong Kong was bread having
toast
I mean the 17 ho-hum for it to do much
good as baby I need to bring a toaster
over because I need my toes I got some
pink and some green coloured and then
from a piece of court I cut out a onesie
template so I'm going to be lining these
and cutting them up and then when you're
done I'm going to be putting them on
these little Cacho sticks when we did a
baby shower we're going to ask a guest
to take one either pink or the blue and
get your baking fitted done this is so
much more tedious than I thought it
would be you can tell from my face the
pregnancy and Aamir has been you mean
quite tired and suggested to make red a
tea according to my culture they see
that red beets are pretty much the
Fountain of Youth I'm going to record
cook in low heat for a while whether
it's just something that we generally
cook versus the law anyway what happens
but you can read up about red beets
online but because for me I knew that it
will help my insomnia and will help my
iron methyls I will help my liver my
conservation feeling a bit frustrated
maybe because I took too long of a break
almost two weeks from rain and
struggling with this chapter you know
when you don't get inspiration you can't
force it either from Yugi and I have a
bunch of these and my Hongkong apartment
so I decided to bring them back
everything you see in here is makeup
that I use on a frequent basis currently
and here we have the tea face sweet
peach color I really like this palette
actually I'm a bit late on the bandwagon
sounds really well because it smells
really sweet I can't see I love the
scent it's a bit too sweet for my liking
but the eyeshadows are lovely and then I
got the B buy books Beauty
tolerant
these are plushies I like to use all the
time and lately I really like using
Bobby Brown and coral let me like this
blush from colour-pop it's in birthday
suit and you guys know I love the makeup
forever highlight this is my pickle
highlight shadow you guys know I I
really really really love my Bobbi Brown
gel liner my cream eye shadow from true
Remora some eyeliners I love the it
cosmetics brow power and then I also
love the mascara from benefit and real
um I really love the lineage watery
pushing concealer a low is only do it
over foundation so don't wear under
foundation yep some lipsticks that I've
been wearing more frequently here is
granny fast happy salmon mackerel friend
george ealer god as well no I'm in
Janelle I'm getting her throw for her to
over to sofa because the dogs matter a
lot of hair and they bite stuff so I'm
going to protect it was through him soft
guess what her favorite color is
Jennifer my god I made it so urgent to
get bread and I come to him right
although the soul loaf left I we just
want to bother to more really nicely
huffing and puffing or granny bugs I'm
just going to enjoy a nice cup of tea I
got my school I got my school it's gone
it's a school nurse gone I got my scone
school oh man okay please enlighten me
guys
anyways I have a with some cream and jam
ah we got a new sofa well my new Soph I
mean they're waiting so today's to be my
family's restaurant my mom and I decided
to not get a restaurant anymore so it is
super came in handy because the one that
granny Bub's used to have was like
completely worn or we wouldn't go
through some because you can just need a
change to throw so cute
they go let's get some fresh air okay I
am in the office because I think I just
really need to focus really focused
because we're going to kitchen because I
get distracted by cleaning I get
distracted by snacks food drink honey by
God you can actually Crossman eat by
organizing by cleaning especially
because I spent like a whole few weeks
not writing and having a bit of
difficulty getting into this the ironic
thing is procrastination as part of this
chapter wish me good luck and I'm going
to call it a day it's funny how as right
now 75% seemed to glide very well but
it's the end parts I'm really struggling
with written about 2,000 words which
isn't a lot and even feel isn't the best
quality was important thing is I started
to write and the gears are starting to
turn hopefully tomorrow will be a better
day and really nice stage plays granny
bugs today have been away for a couple
of weeks so it's just nice to see her
means the world to her
even if I'm sitting next to her and
we're not really doing anything that
time is priceless and if you guys don't
know my grandparents raised my siblings
and I and I'm really grateful for the
fact that my mother-in-law she takes
care of I pick two days a week and those
two days we can do so much him and I get
time together and I'm so grateful and to
know that my grandparents had all four
of us seven days a week
24/7 we slept in her room her bedroom
was like a pigsty I don't remember a
single day where she would complain
about having us she loved having us as
part of her life sometimes we get so
caught up with growing up we forget that
our loved ones are growing old you guys
to see my granny and you know that for
her age for a lady in our 80 she is very
healthy
she thought be help me lungs because she
soul I'd really look up to her in a lot
of ways it's not easy for her to walk
those two giants and more
dogs and she chose it three times a day
but as healthy as she is you know
obviously I understand that like a lot
of us true days are numbered so that I
really have to make an effort to see her
more and spend more time with her
because when I was little
I would say granny when I when I grow up
I'm going to get a job and I'm going to
take care of you
I think as my I'm older and I'm still
busy trying to make a life that I don't
have as much time with her lately the
whole concept of time is just and a lot
of ways and grateful that we're all
given 24 hours in a day
it's not that we don't have time like I
used to say I don't have time we all
have the same moment of time in a day we
each have 24 hours is how we use it and
it's not even just like granny bugs
spending time with parents I think about
Isaac was only in Hong Kong where it's
suddenly really dawned on me just hi
much Isaac has grown something about
Hong Kong just brings like something in
a nun maybe he knows home home was a
very first home but he seems a little
bit a lot the night I flew back we had
dinner first and after dinner we went to
take a walk and when we're walking and
he touched my heart and says mommy good
heads when was it you Boulder pointy
shoes sky for all he's known I was
always showing him things and now he
started to show me things made me I'm
just so overwhelmed with love where I
feel like my heart is just exploding so
happy he's throwing up healthy happy but
at the same time my heart aches dosa
Betty tonight I physically miss him but
right
I miss him because I know that he's
growing up so fast and it's true what
they say a child isn't a child for long
traces they grow really fast
he's not going to remember when my life
is tidy he's not really going to
remember with all my work and stuff but
if you will remember when I spend time
with him embassy says who knows
one day he will let go of my hand so I
just want to cherish these moments as
much as possible and despising the
present so two parents like their I know
it's important to make a living but at
the same time understand that you know
what your chores can wait a lot of the
stuff can wait your child growing up is
not going to wait the days go by they're
just going to grow older and older and
older all the mommies and daddies out
there are people who want to be parent
one day yes the toddler years can be
tricky
I will notice can be demanding but just
cherish these moments as tired as I
could make you just cherish it because
your toddler home stay at all ever ever
one day you'll probably find someone I'm
in telefon way of his own just really
thankful for is everything I think it's
hot means you taught me to be so patient
you just made me cherish all the little
things in life we only have about four
and a half months of life of just the
three of us and I know I just want to be
great when a coin gets here but I'm you
know I just want to cherish every moment
right now I this is bad but I'm praising
the eggs and bacon eggs and bacon or
rice assigns really weird but trust me
it goes really well could you look any
come fear
