because I was like hey I feels like I'm
in her face when fried bread she was
like I'm so sorry ready to go
what's the point behind him new toys to
play in Hong Kong if you just want to
play the toilet roll Wow
can I have it and sit your treasure here
you go
don't lose it like that consider we are
going to be getting some to it alright
cool that Isaac sleeps the relay in Hong
Kong we didn't even bother regulating
his three times which means we can do
more stuff together so we're not on a
time crunch to Google we believe that we
shall live here like this was our life
for the first year of Isaac's life
anyway those are life is secure when we
come back and of systemic were colonies
make it two straight them alone
whatever whatever its cost if possible
we knew coming the wireless as well
season two small really tiny apartment
in Hong Kong we could have bought like
another parable that's going to cause we
see further somebody Malcolm is a
fraction of our current apartment in
Hong Kong I hope it's cool we will have
pressure and while the beating of a Hong
Kong here there are a lot of different
places II have to say we're speaking
it's a bit boring when Isaac seems to
like remember this is very simply like
Ilan Hall yes timidity looks here he
laughs every day
Edelen departmentation last employment
ultimately we are off to get some
dessert so that's again a may Hong Kong
it's like - 10:30 and places are so open
the money groups even a bank is open
well well thank you so if I have to go
straight to call seat ie and they're
quite popular here see how busy it is
here but there's so much stuff you can
choose eating house in some you can have
pops congee noodles right some dessert
okay funny day there's not good eating
there's other robbers English rain King
eleven o'clock emergency so lots of cars
today actually I came across a really
nice taxi driver and he didn't say
anything that was particularly unique I
guess wishes in Hong Kong like I I uh I
live in my experience it's not that
frequent that I come across I really
really like taxi driver if I go into the
crinum say hello or good morning good
afternoon and they normally not for
anything but like today the guy was like
oh you know man take your time collector
to like send me run across the road to
grab the text totally leave my day I got
mine go psycho forgot to tell them not
to put the coconut milk in but it's good
really good boy candies me pop it more
oh how am I done DP can I have more have
more I have more ah thank you thank you
thank you thank you everything end up
useful thank you thank you oh I know you
know daddy yep okay here we go
ruining everyone today today now we find
out well we find out what we don't find
out so basically let me see my private
doctor today you'll be doing it again
I was important thing is to know that
the baby is healthy because I feel like
acorn is quite a little baby in a while
since I got to see a quarter - screams
wow my skin excretes today but yeah it's
going to be torture because little
little box and a toy box an inker on
languages she would just need to be a
little quick obviously is going to be
torture holding that card so we're going
to pop it
hi friend and then he let me to be the
first to know if he will pass
information to our cake friend told you
guys my scanner a grades of Hong Kong
weather I don't even need to apply so
much moisturizer here
I really must apply my makeup here
because the mirror is so big and
lighting is just right Thank You shadow
to death I go yesterday from a pony
effect and called beloved you like oh
can to really go for colors which make
really good one color eyeshadows so no
anything else with a single eyeshadow
also just a little general touching
tribute tribute tribute
just a little question one time I was
able to wear a yellow and gray sweater a
lot of you guys recognize it from one of
my hair tutorial I think it's a beach
waves or something so now our know if
you guys remember this shirt and Glitch
for you it was from second grade
everything is the same but and I was oh
what the heck what is this come from
belly Oh
and when we're within this envelope
meanwhile this guys having the time of
his life hugging all the ladies getting
sweet biscuits stickers snacks getting
mistaken every girl here something that
Tim is very used to yeah people have
been like giving Tim little subtle digs
so oh the baby boy is really cute I mean
let me be really pretty awesome the boys
in Bollywood oh all of that I don't but
what's wrong with audio even though
you're pretty oh I didn't mean like that
the doctor is one of the girls who works
there she was like oh man you missed
that and I was like it was like so much
like yet all your son it's okay
beep I think it's cool you're home I
have something to tell you guys so as
you all know we have to scan today and
it would well heavys egg form right now
honey Oh 12 150 what we did was on the
card we did like a little tick box we
got the doctor to successfully pick the
right one put an envelope we pay sign
papers and everything and then on the
way out the door
one of the receptionist accidentally
slip ice up so yeah yeah we we know cuz
I was like and feels like and then her
face went red which is like I'm so sorry
I'm like oh no it's okay so we
we know we know what you're having on
the top brother or a little sister I
think what does that half-smile you
should be bomb died because we really
did want to be surprised the same as
everyone for this gender reveal party
but it would have been really nice to be
surprised though it's hard to be mad
because like I feel like the next few
weeks would have been brutal but wait we
know hey we know we know
