hello everybody is but so as you all
know I have been keeping up with Beauty
find Asia so today I will be sharing my
thoughts on the series now I have
watched my fair share of reality series
and despite them being entertaining and
interesting the beauty fine series has
touched my heart in so many ways because
as the beauty created myself I can't
relate to them in every single way a lot
of you guys know I've been doing a lot
of reading lately and it's been fun but
also pretty stressful one of the ways
I've been relieving my stress has been
catching up with the series by watching
the play with course before I go on to
do all the confessions I just want to
say for starters you are all winners in
my heart for love these guys and girls I
can see just how passionate they are
about beauty I can dem exceed fire in
their eyes these people are just like
you and I and they have very real fears
and dreams and they are just granting
life as it is and just trying to do the
best that they can to pursue their
dreams suddenly been an honor being able
to be part of the journey and being able
to watch them grow it integrates so many
new faces to me that I can keep up with
my I was asked to pick a country to
review from the series like I mentioned
before there's 8 countries in total Hong
Kong Thailand and Taiwan Japan Korea
Singapore Malaysia yet last but not
least Indonesia they were all amazing
each country student in their very own
unique way but today I'm going to be
reviewing Hong Kong because as you all
know I was there for 6 years
because Hong Kong will always have a
truly special place in my heart and of
course I want to especially support
these contestants upon watching the
contestants at this age they're all
beautiful
charismatic and so sweet but if I have
to change one can catch that student and
most to me it would be great what I
think stood at the most like great is
the fact that she has
very warm and positive aura she's very
honest that yet she doesn't have the
most subscribers or views but it
certainly doesn't stop her from doing
what she loves
in fact she believes that her channel
can help one person then her mission on
YouTube is already successful this is an
extremely important mindset to have and
I have to see a lot of youtubers even if
they're small or really big struggle to
have that mindset and it really does
make all the difference especially as a
contestant it's extremely important to
have an optimistic heart and to be
willing to try and willing to learn and
obviously create is absolutely stunning
she's good at what she does but her
mindset that beautiful mindset I believe
will take her far in the competition so
I will pool to give advice to the fellow
contestants right there and I have so
many I don't even know where so my
advice is to just enjoy the journey when
you can make someone feel beautiful you
actually need you're so beautiful in
making someone's day better you make
your day better if you make someone
smile you'll make yourself smile
remember if she never completely depends
on each revenue because it's just the
most sustainable way to live there's so
much more delight than each of at the
same time you know you can always start
something big while you do YouTube a
really great piece of advice someone
gave me was when things start to get too
comfortable sometimes that's when you
know it's time to try or learn something
new a lot of time stepping out of our
comfort zone into the land of unknown is
exactly what we need to grow in order
for you to overcome fear and you must
face it yourself continue to do what you
love without losing yourself and your
morals to the complicated world many
superficial materialistic sessions
remember your job would be through this
going if you don't just concentrate on
helping others liquid by helping others
feel good obviously they're already
beautiful
but we can help people realize their be
we find beauty in ourselves I enforce it
11 I may not sound it as the most
beautiful girl out there but I can most
certainly stand light with my
personality the tree fiddy comes when
you carry yourself with confidence and
power in the end of the day was most
important is that you're happy
there's no point earning all this cash
in the world if you're miserable inside
as long as you're doing something that
you love that gives you meaning then you
are already rich and happiness doesn't
matter you don't end it with hundreds
and thousands of subscribers be proud of
yourself for having a courage if it
yourself right there good you're doing
something that most people are afraid to
do joy a journey and as long as you're
learning you will always be in something
and remember knowledge is beautiful
alright so that is my advice for all a
beautiful guys and girls like their I
would love to hear your thoughts maybe
be keeping up with them with series in
myself and if you haven't remember you
can check out a subscribe to be be
defined channel this is a great
opportunity for the contestants for
exposure so let's give them our love and
support because I believe the folks
family or a supportive bunch so thank
you so much for watching and once again
good luck to all the contestants unlike
I said you're all winners in my heart
