you learn something new today
guys I can call and get a chance to use
law very much in Singapore to his
assistance to rush we're actually back
here again we left airport but we came
back because while we were to Isaac
knocking him realize he left one of the
cicadas in sight one of the changing
rooms anything is my laptop was inside
yeah that was a bit of a bummer to call
them and they couldn't find anything and
I thought about oh crap you know a lot
of videos in there that's get to be
uploaded so it would mean a lot of booty
to be lost my book is in there and I did
not back up one of those moments where
you're just full of regret thinking oh I
should've backed up what really upset me
just thinking about it was his pictures
like all the pictures I've taken dashed
I have not printed yet and I just got
really upset on the way back from the
airport actually Calder I mean that they
find a absolutely secure so you know it
wasn't locked the hopefully that's the
case and hopefully all the items in
there in fact give me these guys I can
say fine are sick cane you learn
something new today
okay that's enough Isaac change your
juice okay you don't go get mom no
trinket that's right what's your
expression
Oh
they prefer most yet the same people
swinging from Hong Kong tourney 5 p.m.
and we look up at 3m espe
of having a weak one and then what young
you want another yeah
stay here please again yes please what
are you saying
ah okay you know this is what I miss the
most jaded Hong Kong I just open here
yeah so fine Italy are they were
partners with this he doesn't care he's
leaving it for separate even Malone this
guy money to have three balls right
I don't want to comment
Oh for some reason this guy really likes
Hong Kong reminded me that when I was in
Singapore
oh you have to see my friend
he didn't had a baby girl he had a
Citroen lady and I wasn't online suppose
their baby because the lady was like
carne my baby in my tummy would get
jealous we were going to go have crab do
not practice it when you're someone's
ridiculous isn't one
traffic's is my baby for degree if it
only off horizontally I don't know why
are people so superstitious
especially Asian middle don't worry
about acting pretty pee in the back rest
behind I'm going yes turtley do your
makeup and a different game might not be
stays cool guys if you have a good
waterproof smudge first liquid liner
please let me know but here in Hong Kong
an especially in a Singapore it just
doesn't do it needs more than that I got
this quite a while ago I think maybe
even like a week retreat as I've seen
some videos a lot of girls using this I
guess you know since my job is to try
and test products I got this to try out
the slogan furnace is a three times the
game with like the pain although before
I go on I did pass this on to my
girlfriends and they were in pain one
most like running during this under cold
water and then the other one was like
sucking on ice so under process of
testing it but let's put this on and
wait five minutes to see if my lips do
get any cooler
but in my experience trying a lot of
like lip plumping products none of them
work if it did then there would be no
such thing of lipstick Stiller guys say
first thing to do is just to use a lip
liner really sorry lately I haven't
really been flogging very much
you're like the pregnancy
use the tiga sunset may come back either
that or jet like distant feeling really
very tired I really haven't been up too
much even though I was so happy to
escape this cold weather and in UK and
actually turns out that in Hong Kong
it's it feels just as cold even though
it isn't as cold but because we don't
have central heating here anyways do my
lips look fuller I don't think so I feel
like the gloss can sometimes be a bit
deceiving and makes your lips look
bigger hissing she minifying steeping
down the stickers at this moment I I
really can't act but do you feel like
they have more colour in them maybe cuz
like all the blood is rushing to it okay
they're starting to someone's up they're
starting to sting a little bit someone's
happy it eat am I missing I need bigger
no universe for hi he couldn't pronounce
mommy and he'll say I'm not it will be
open for in the rating board and he's
asked to use an ATM machine been in Hong
Kong for about three days my pop up feel
like it's because for the first two days
we spend it sleeping because we were
just so much alike yeah I have been
driving around Hong Kong and quick
scared at the beginning because the
whole thought of driving in Hong Kong
was pretty daunting to me because cars
just come laughs right in center and
there's people everywhere
so far it's been okay we really need to
have a look while my head really don't
look like an armpit yeah if you guys
remember this was my old bedroom we have
been back four one two three four days
already and I'm already going to be
leaving in like within a week what is a
short trip in Hong Kong but I will be
back as you guys know clever guy happens
to really love Hong Kong I think it's
mostly because of the food so much
better behaved here than he is in any
case you guys remember my kitchen and
eating is everything with his reach she
like here water here milk here it's a
mcgoon time I'm coming to thundering and
the more I can give you to jump on
myself
hi there we good boiler daddy
it's like Lego everywhere as a desktop
here I stood on my first Lego well no I
first like open them and the while I
stood on my first Lego like two days ago
it's every bit of people as I mentioned
says anyway
major till today I picked up some
product problems who need line if you
guys don't know Pony is a really famous
makeup artist her nine is called a pony
insect and as you can guess it's Korean
here's another lipsticks that I got it's
a very nice deep red I'm more of a cold
tomb rash so it'll make the teeth look
really white and really freshen up the
complexion
this one is that are my elephant as you
can see and it's what I'm wearing I it's
more of a slightly orange e red as you
can see and of a monk for a stood a
liner I thought I'll try out her liquid
eyeliner right here so I got two cream
eyeshadows and just want to really
create leave this is the one that always
smells like it's kind of like a peachy
color look slightly metallic as you can
see me a specific color that pony also
wears a lot the sort of trouble of it
and this one is called open in mind it's
not a neutral color just for me to wear
as a base picked up ABC hair guy for my
sister she asked me to find her sort of
like a light brown color it's like a
lighter the color and marshmallow bride
I really like least a hair guys because
they just lift Asian hair really well
because you know Asian hair can be
pretty hard to die sometimes anyways we
have someone here since becoming
pregnant like my complexion massager to
get quite dull so I've been looking for
stuff to just really brighten with my
skin tone because I'm having a bit be
careful but what products to put my face
in this run this was a really good run
for the cynical scrs 50 great as well
and more sheet masks for my scenes and
this is the 9 compound code of popular
thought I'd picked up for my sister and
I see I don't even wear I liked it a lot
but I thought we we all make more of an
effort while I come my Isaac Kings are
not be extinct
