naughty things I'm carrying a girl
because I'm just killing me guys you
know I told you guys that like he
basically likes to wedge behind me on
even disa privacy but because you know
I'm saying someone having a table
writing and not using my back support
properly I just need the guy comfortable
he looks how do you move this you just
can't mess I really need it I'll go
don't leave them all and then I'll put
them on my lap and you'll see that she
tries to because way behind me again are
you sticker not here I did a bit of
therapy to be in Chris myself a to give
mushroom pasta bake got some Fresh
Prince of bel-air on and they're all
happy to see me no no no ahh no not a
good girl ok cubby
good girl chubby Ashley with him and
Isaac not being here no I feel so much
quieter so just chillin with the dogs
tonight so pretty pleased with myself in
about a week and money to write over
20,000 words and today excited to finish
off that I really wanted to spend time
with the dogs because I will be able to
see him for a couple of weeks and even
though the lady that's gonna come over
and she's going to take really good care
of them it just makes me
she's gotta be lovely ah don't look at
me like this you didn't best Karen I'm
using really sad because for the past
like 10 days it's just earning the dogs
and I and it reminded me like this is
high in life used to be before the
hustle and bustle parent like to make
the dollar store my children you're like
kid you just can't help but um give less
attention to your dog and for the
longest time as I felt really guilty in
no time and I we try our best to give
them as much tender love and care as
possible as you wonder if they you know
remember how things used to be thing out
of all the times I had to travel I would
get used to being away from them and I
never get used to being away from the
look at this woman I don't want to give
birth in Hong Kong because I come down
the thought of being away from my dog
and I find in Hong Kong
even though Tim's gonna fly back for
them and they're gonna be taking care of
our our in-laws you're gonna be living
here I kind of help but feel guilty
because I know a dog's life is so much
shorter than a human's and for me the
fact that I'll be there for a few months
I knew is a significant time for a dog I
didn't I feel guilty you know
I also guilty at a condo he get a Hong
Kong passport like Isaac I'm so guilty
for leaving the dogs here for a few
months
come on II think she knows this because
you know to go downstairs come on chubby
hold back are you guys ready for Karen
since my flight is like so early like
7:00 in the morning my mom is going to
be driving me so then she is closer to
the airport I'll be staying and her -
she's good
this is all the phony from granny in
Michigan sweetness before having no see
she did really well anything I'm
carrying a girl because because I keep
peeing so according to granny and your
pee pee all the time you're having a
girl over tonight there's a whole
solution okay if I'm pregnant with a
bully I'm always losing and you guys
know that's not happening series where
did he come from
but when you have to take total yeah Oh
what do we do up most okay but that's
the only way for granny relief to knows
since most that you needed air for
tomorrow shoot is close to the airport
and it's an early flight to make sense
for me to stay over today why I'm just
want to help granny bugs prepare dinner
hi feeling problems to do and it's a
really small ones oil you don't think
absolutely agent appeal I think it's
like a mess in a nice nothing good in
life ever comes easy I feel like you
always appreciate or value something you
achieve much more when you know you put
in a lot of hard work and a lot of hard
time passing by chubby and dumb oh I
think I know they will be happy and
currently really good care of them
you want to test your patience peel tiny
the stickers and it's a good thing I
have tiny man yeah this is my most
proudest accomplishment of this week
peeling these tiny potatoes okay a new
mitt yeah cool
so DP are probably the most friendliest
those I've ever met
ring to have an early night and I have
to catch my flight tomorrow morning at
1740 probably have to make my way around
half by so we should probably fix timing
9:20 look up around for caught my life
7:30 and breakfast got it very I think
just landed up there
here we go is you're going to cry or if
you're gonna laugh mostly cry well dad
yeah I can see my glasses on and get
sizing this where did he find me guess
what his favorite color is shaky oh my
god if you just look like your dad even
more
we are headed off to Gardens by the bay
I've always wanted to come here do I
look 19 pregnant to be so pretty I think
has commenced with me I really closely
you'll see that it's actually neat out
of my go
they miss the spider in there but scared
walking here it's like I'm too anxious
as I'm holding Isaac as oil so beautiful
this guy's should we also come in for
like you tell with my babies we are so
you like like what I'm human for such a
bear
as I thank you thank you okay Wow Oh
teddy bears
