hello everybody is false welcome to my
19th with pregnancy
I am almost halfway through this
pregnancy so time is definitely relying
let's see what's happening with acorn
turning baby is the size of the module
and the measures approximately five
point five to six inches so with make
question progress actually she or she
weighs a run Stanton Isis bioenergy
weight one thing that certainly comes
back is my fatigue so in my last
pregnancy fall I was like oh my god I
feel amazing my energy is back ago my
gray gone and I think it's okay students
because I three days afterwards I
started to feel really tired again what
I noticed was that the cheeks period
window was between 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.
between this time I just get really
drowsy but like my first trimester where
I was just tired all the time when the
afternoon goes away I feel alive again I
need the most significant systems from
the past few weeks is crazy brain I
wasn't really sure if it was the same
even with my first pregnancy but with
this one I think is all these enough
they even noticed that when I talk about
and I'll be talking away and then some
hi my attention just drifts off I'm here
like a long pull under like yes I'm
gonna forget my train of thought and it
has been happening a lot I am writing a
book right now and it's been going well
I've written at least the siege about 55
so I wasn't worried but a lot of times
when I'm done writing my pages I
persuade them especially this month I've
been realizing all the mistakes I've
been making so much more than before I
would be between words I would be
missing my words I would be replacing
certain words with other words even when
I'm writing I find myself not being able
to express when I'm trying to see and I
never really had this problem before
lately I've just been not much baggage
forgetting stuff leaving supper
just become Z but I've been bumping like
hard yeah my sense of judgment just
hasn't been great
I found this doing hey this has also
been more bad I guess I may have been a
bit more emotional lately Tim and Isaac
are currently in Hong Kong this is it
only and Kim keeps mi joking that he's
doing it to escape my wrath on my
pregnancy hormone so Eddie Sam I kidding
doesn't mean he's Sam I serious I may be
slightly more emotional I maybe might be
crankier
maybe grass-plot I mention to you guys
that my butt was feeling really good
because it was free from Hank right see
no I feel like every time I update you
guys about my book I have to also update
you guys provide my but at the same time
be nice book a bit too soon last time
because disappear days after making that
post people I had a hand ride pop up
again
no pun intended even though it was just
one it was a painful one and I was
talking to my pregnant friend about this
and she was like I just poked them all
back in like you can do that just yet
look at my fingers go out and just open
it right now my butt is okay keep
looking it aside because that's where I
typed my Simpson school I'll remember
because of this thing every day when I
should sign up on the mirror I'm like
huge records Easler I've noticed the
growth off of my sister's actually my
sons have always been quite a humble
pair the way Liette didn't really
feeling them grew and they're so much
fake but there are definitely sillier
than before I know they're growing
because they've been feeling so itchy
insensitive especially new because I'm
not fitting into my bra anymore and I'm
wearing the biggest broad I am right now
okay I even still I have some boots like
popping hard as it looks like I've got
four little boots so like two here and
two here because I do need
go bra shopping and I did a little
experiment
I took the pencil and I stood up
underneath I'm actually stage I think it
also because of the booth and a bump
clapping the pencil in there but never
before have I ever been able to keep a
pencil on my under group you can be so
smoothly and honest to place flaw and it
feels nice and warm you don't know yet
when you're praying you doing nipples
get darker and bigger right now it
hasn't gone to that spaceship but I'm
quite dragging it I know at that moment
I'll just look like a minion when I'm
naked my cravings I've actually lived
off it'd be quite serious months you
know I find myself craving burgers
I want to make sandwiches yeah so we're
in the process of planning a baby shower
slash gender-reveal I never had a baby
shower with Isaac so I figured I might
be nice the house went this timeline
we're going to get the doctors to write
the gender and a piece of paper and then
that piece of paper is going to be given
to my friend who makes cakes basically
the stirring of the cake is going to
tell us that the baby is a boy or girl
very typical at the inside of the cake
is blue it's a boy is it inside of the
cake is pink it's a girl even though I
can always refer our child as a he
because he really wants a boy as some of
you guys are wondering why does can
smell when a girl and she says he does
not mind coming a girl but it's just if
he can choose you would like to have a
buoyant set because he knows that when
the girl grows up and enjoying he shows
faith and you know going to do grown-up
stuff so stuff that makes them feel
uncomfortable thought of his daughter
dating someone else and marrying
makes them feel a bit sad that you know
she'll end up leaving our family either
way I respect his honesty and his open
unasyn it's metal a coin transit idiot
curl I'm sure you'll be so happy and all
its beers and stuff will be delayed
until she's older Amy back to the baby
shower because because we'll be finding
at the same time as they're getting
beginning you guys have been giving me
amazing amazing baby mean suggestions I
am loving them it was one in particular
that a subscriber mentioned and my
family and I loved it but Tim is a pain
so still aboard
I'm really hoping in time that I could
pursue because it's important for me
that obviously Tim like singing as well
and I noticed a lot of names that we
like are shortening manometer like all
the longings are beautiful you know
sometimes you need to have a nice girl
feeding when it comes to a baby I
remember in that moment just thinking
can we not use the word grocery and baby
in the same sentence if you know what's
really acquisitive so if some of you
guys don't know this is a year of the
chicken so I am carrying a little chick
what's really amazing is my daddy's
nickname is called chicken soup do love
me why my dad friends sometimes they
refer me as chicken girl because you
know my dad's chicken so chicken girl is
carrying an egg anyway I know big that's
it here is a coin at 19 weeks everyone
hearing people say are you sure you're
not expecting twins don't worry okay we
need the doctor checkup
there's only one egg hood in here the
reason I appear bigger and my bump is
bigger is because America cheek with a
small torso for taller women
the baby has space to grow upwards but
because I don't have faith and for the
baby growing upwards it grows upwards so
that's why my phone
more baking that my body makes more
water to make more space for the baby
mouthing up as I get this is not my
first pregnancy I think I had a point my
above feel quite little that's all folks
thank you so much for cheering with a
coin and I I once again so much for all
your prayers and baby me and suggestion
informant important results to display
to see I will pop these in to have an
amazing day as you can
