I always greeted back with this weather
hi everyone just the so busy for the
past week we're in London and it was so
much fun but we couldn't really upload
because the connection where we were
staying wasn't that great but
nonetheless it was such a great trip
this little one was teething furiously
and it looks like she's not going to be
toothless and ruthless were very long
because her bottom two are definitely
coming and she's been a little bit
unwell
either way we are refreshed and ready
for 2018 her voice has been really
really husky lately so when we're in
London I asked him sister to have a
check on her because she's a
pediatrician because she wheezes a la
checked her breathing and doctors have
this term for babies like her it's
called pop happy Weezer where usually
when it comes to like them I guess like
bigger babies they happen to wheeze a
lot and it's completely fine and I
actually looked up this term online cuz
I thought maybe is like a term that her
doctor friends used for themselves but
it really is a thing she's just that
happy Weezer looks even more like a
teddy bear now yeah I love her beanie I
wish there's one for adults Tim will
have a scissor and she'll have her
fingers
I think she will see your fingers
morning somebody's on a high chair the
end of this month we're gonna be
starting her in solids but I thought I
never let her get comfy on it mommy has
her breakfast are we gonna cooperate
shaky hands then this is a binding
contract still trying to finish all the
chocolates over Christmas a couple of a
huge craving for poached egg and avocado
toast you guys an eighteen-year do me
also me
finger-licking good I'm actually been
quite far back tell me and your voice is
all husky tell me I'm delicious
the only I'm delicious all right she's
definitely very delicious tonight Thank
You Andi Joey for this
what a night fit awesome different to
the usual light fits she gets me they
played a puzzle I have something to show
you guys let's go through my Instagram
story of the demonstration no don't ask
where you can sort of like use of
forecast what you like like if you had a
certain hairstyle so I thought I'll try
today it was so far pretty easy right I
shouldn't see surprisingly for Ella it
worked pretty well this is pretty cute
her rocking a Lehman who hair this is
really cute as well okay some glossy
sexy looks and I did this I've also been
getting tagged a lot because there's
this pose that's going around and it
says put your last name in a gift search
and post up the first thing that pops up
so people who have this cernium sign
have been tapping up sign to see what
turns up surprisingly I've been turning
up but there's also this one and I say
if you want to see boobs go outside
you'll see them I guarantee you
manly but I'm a dinosaur
what does thanks Argo my mother-in-law
just find this this is what Tim nice
when he was a little baby so this is
over 30 years old you know cuddles mummy
okay go harder go home you need to have
an x-ray doctor ductal Macy was an x-ray
Isaac yeah that's an x-ray the x-ray
showed the Macy had book in her legs the
ostrich is showing the doctor that we're
missing book her leg actually that's
called a radiologist didn't read this or
my name is Dottie the donkey says the
patient in the office in every disorder
what am i signs like so I said mommy
when she talks and that aside like a
donkey eat oh it's got tagged in this I
just kind of handle the cuteness I hope
alien eyes they will be disclosed
although if Isaac tried to do a lemn I
really squish him that was a nice video
to end my night with especially from
beasties like stuff I'm seeing it's just
I just want to throw up a little bit
petting is crazy these days the things
kids will do to gain some views like
we've lost our human sense for odd sense
those hybrids it happened what's that
got to do a breakfast new generation do
you mind
you ship has just gotten to a stage made
craters really go through extremes to
get views because back then it was just
all white people sharing things that
really interesting and flogging Delia
eyes but these days you know you're
seeing blanks and just really messed up
stuff this is going to be a very
valuable lesson for sure I don't believe
you're defined by your actions and I
hope that this mistake changes them to a
core from - never do something like this
again also easy to get lost in this Fame
and I just feel like I feel like YouTube
has become very toxic environment I no
wonder like so many creators end up like
this where they loose or touch or if not
they fall into depression if everybody
of Influence used it forward a better
rather than just getting the views and
fame this world will be a really
different place which brings me to this
point where I want to say I really
really appreciate you guys thank you so
much for being such an awesome bunch of
human beings because I always get people
who say that I love reading a comment
section of your channel and it's all
thanks to you guys because you guys are
loving and respectful and it means so
much so thank you for being so awesome
I'm so proud of you guys and I've always
been grateful about this moment I'm
feeling even more grateful
