funny if you're watching thank you very
much but I need a man I guess me bacon
this little business I don't need a man
just peri-peri chicken oh gosh I need
myself
currently 1038 and I guess in 1 hour and
22 minutes is going to be fun kinda
state and yet this year it's going to be
like okay
father I see it's nice I gives you an
excuse to do something with your other
half but hey it's just like any other
day of the year I got the best date ever
I got the best date before already oh
boy you need a haircut really hope I can
eat my words but I really hope to not
send flowers because in the moment I
like receiving flowers in that moment I
do but then afterwards if I cut all the
stems back and then put it in water and
then to flower food and feed and change
of water and then want to die this
heartbreaking cos get the throat I and
like all of the school and stuff so and
actually is quite a lot of work that's
why I miss home I don't have real
flowers I never intentionally buy
flowers when people standard in I really
really appreciated gesture is incredibly
sweet it does brighten up the whole lot
to say but I'm not too fussed about
flowers every single night this happens
they schedule at nighttime for them to
play and it has to be in the bedroom so
stubby tail tastes really good a must
face is good
happy pond mines day so today is just
going to be me and dogs at a corner
because a Valentine's Day is just a
Hallmark holiday hello what message
would be nice to I love you Tim did
message me he didn't sleep very well
tonight you guys have known that I have
been really struggling with my sugar
craving some what everyone knew is not
just my family and friends many visited
relatives are tapping my shoulder and
telling me to like cut down my sugar I'm
going to knit it has been hard I'd never
want to sugar more and I never told
anybody
it's my eighth soft order and so one is
not chocolate I never told anyone but I
bought like a pack of those
they're like mini six rolls coated in
chocolate inside has cake and jam inside
it never I feel like a really really
neat cake I will eat one inside my car
and I feel so good last night I knew I
should have been in bed but it's one of
those elimin series and the whole day
working so you just want to use you know
an hour or two just watching TV and just
catching up in your phone and then in my
girly grip my best friend Annie looks
like happy Valentine's Day details and
she linked a video and I thought okay I
want to show you guys too long because I
don't want to make you guys feel
uncomfortable because it made me feel
uncomfortable
I don't know maybe some of you guys will
like it but um okay why am i watching it
again okay so I shouldn't see he Dan
reveals chocolates and eats it well
thrusting a half-eaten box of chocolates
so I'm going to solve it here okay so
yes immediately I turned my phone off
not with who she's feel so uncomfortable
to see a man doing a box of chocolates
so when I hope with this morning I
turned my phone on and again it was the
first thing I saw again because I was
just so shocked that I turned it off oh
it's a bit I mean if you're watching
thanks it was the
very sorry Sigma thought today the
Valentine's Day can't believe this
actually works I have all the things
people have said all the things I've
tried to do to take away my craving for
chocolate this video did it for me
anybody knows it's okay I don't want it
for some reason if it's repulsive and I
just hid it away and because it's all
kind today and I'm scrolling through
Facebook and I'm seeing my peoples
pictures of the heart boxes of
chocolates they received I'm also like
mmm maybe some women it will make them
one chocolate more but for whatever
reason I don't think I can eat chocolate
for a while I mean is actually feeling
very pleased and accomplished because
out of all the people she's actually
been the one that's been trying to
prevent me from eating sugar to most my
sister she actually just saw the video
it was like that video was not safe for
work I am going to bake and strawberries
I cheat and afterwards I'm gonna I'm
gonna get my hands dirty
I'm going to clean the toilet my order
from a soft came in I have been on the
hunt to get a dress because I think I
saw I was supposed to go to Malaysia and
my pretty brains tell me that it would
be March unturned so it's not actually
April so yeah I just messed up a bunch
of counting tons of him what he's
currently just trying to fix everything
but anyways while he fixes that mr.
different stuff I got for the event
dress I originally bought from a sauce
with like 55 honey I'm not even near my
third trimester and my bump already I
screwed a dress which is so annoying
because I just wait to all money and I
can't return anymore the ones online
again and have to look for more and
hopefully I think like Brody's even
though the event is like two months away
you are defined nice maternity dresses
as well so as you can see over only just
like it's just long dress oh I'm not
sure about that Chris IV part and one
not heard of a discolor
yeah I don't know I always feel like I
can always make my makeup with nice I'm
not sexist a lot of stuff yeah like when
you're makeup and hair is nice you could
wear a potato sack and it won't look
half a spot and if I want to eat
chocolates again pain honey if you were
here this is what you won't be getting
this is Dookie actually maybe I didn't
give two more correct
I stood there beautiful
happy Valentine's Day from your to
bracket possibly three favorite boys
even though we can spend the day
together know that we both love a
mystery I think even root your special
Pope roses are red violets are blue I'm
so lucky to have a mummy like you happy
holiday my wheel it'd be an acorn all
right you're all finished seriously a
woman can be so annoying because we say
things and we don't fully mean them
women are really complicated I don't
even understand myself I feel like that
I love the problem ah women we don't
even truly know what we want this path
is finally fulfilling its destiny ah why
are some so hard to cut anyway these
okay into the price to pay when when we
do monster don't even have to be a
bouquet of flowers I can actually
doesn't really create a flower things
very often I think it's because he's in
Hong Kong ah being demanding is hard
work it would have been completely happy
even if Timmy didn't send flowers it was
just because last night what we usually
do is if there's some sort of occasion
or anniversary or whatsoever and we
don't happen to be together and I would
leave him like a monkey
which is a paragraph or two on what's up
just to seeing I really appreciate you
thank you for being my life Sonny I
don't need anything befallen time see
and I'm happy enough to come you and I
think we got ready to go everything you
know stuff like that even what's left
you can see when people read the
messages and you know he didn't reply
the MT family shot he was replying
everyone but he didn't actually remind
my messy so I was it like hmm one day
when he did reply it was I didn't see
what last my scope was like okay course
my some essential hours it's nice and I
appreciate the gesture yet really not
that big of excuse I gotta say the roses
do help with the fact he didn't Mia
what's that message this year it's just
always been that way you know when I
come to Christmas I care more about the
actual car than the present is among me
hey take a break perks of being home
alone on Valentine's Day get senior to
Johnny in your robe
you have to be braless making a nice
sandwich for myself yes feels nice let
the girls roam free spending the
afternoon with George gosh your hop
alright again lately it's just all me at
home so uneventful nowhere to go I
seriously think the best sign in the
world
aside from here in your child lock it's
a sign of sizzling bacon hmm much but I
mean I'm just eat bacon
this is just it I don't need a man just
very very taken oh gosh I amuse myself
this some week it's going to be amazing
beer magic George oh yeah
Jack anyways I just want to quickly
bring this up
somebody saw this I'm going to work date
I think I was a container for some sort
of serum and we kept different I
secretly enjoyed playing with it come on
guys
what a great date time to put my bra
back recording go downstairs ah
someone's ready for sleep
really really nice sleep sweetly as I'm
having insomnia I don't know why another
day has passed and I he's got to kiss me
but I can't give him hmm
we're ready to do a little bit of
chilling the fuller getting some sleep
and hope you guys had a great day no
matter how you sing your Valentine's Day
Valentine's Day or not remember to walk
in love every single day he'll be a good
night good night
what am I expecting relations
you're watching and it'd be very much
but
