mommy wedding everyone and was still
windy last night the weather here
actually makes you miss for wicked going
away I have a bunch of errands that I
still need to do I thought okay I'm
going to concentrate on the next chapter
first and then I'll be the stuff but
then I figured I cannot concentrate on
doing anything MS Mythbusters MP just
higher work I cannot focus unless the
little things are done today I want to
share if you guys a web reality series
called Beauty find Asia after the
success of the first one they are back
with their second season I'm so excited
for the contestants because just like
myself and you guys right there I love
you guys are there they are just Beauty
enthusiasts and YouTube creators and you
watch a lot of reality shows right there
but I always hang like you better to
support and people from your very own
community right the ultimate goal is
defiant Asia's next top beauty creator
and the contestants actually come from
different countries from Hong Kong to
Taiwan Thailand Korea Japan Singapore
Indonesia and Malaysia miss series
you'll get to join them on their journey
where they go on a beauty camp where
they gain beauty as filming knowledge
from beauty experts around the world
from ladies I highly respect like Tashi
Queenie tan Jojo rules one being creator
will be selected as a finalist from each
country where they'll all come together
and compete for the ultimate beauty
vlogger position I have been keeping up
for sure to support these beautiful on
how many faces and I have to admit
watching the playlist I got quite
emotional myself because as a MIDI
blogger myself I could relate to you
know a lot of their dreams and their
fears and our struggles but you guys are
interested in being part of the journey
and please remember to check out and
subscribe to the beauty flowing channels
the beauty buys playlist brought to you
by sqg will be in my description box
it's so windy that
even want to go outside I think I
haven't left my house in two days and I
kind of been getting used to it and I
think I'm in hibernation hope I don't
want to go outside this morning I sent a
text message to Tim now like really are
you so busy that you didn't even have
the time to say good night good morning
feels like really are you giving me this
noise basically a huge been busy
occupied of Isaac and you can't believe
that I'm giving him blocked but it
wasn't really giving him flat I was just
saying that are you so busy that you
can't even say hi all right all right
all right I get it
I'm just a little stressed wait we at
the beginning I started off me feeling
I'm a friar look at me ringing and then
I started to feel a bit frazzled oh my
goodness Tim is going to be angry when
he sees the state of the car I took the
dogs right for a walk when I was rainy
and Oh their paws roll monkey today is
going to be get the little flops son
before I write so I something I know my
brother decided to vertically
chuckling northern device he's currently
in Thailand and after that we will be
reciting in Australia because of that we
kind of made like a little family chat
since you couldn't touch so with you
people my brother and see what he is up
to everyday basically so I love to keep
an eye on its economic just my mom is
like slightly agitated but it's really
too early because media zombies
affiliation so everyday company was an
experience because it's funny we are who
we are and we met to you that my thumb
would be smaller some like you can't
walk up the road here needle meager
belongings behind
get your hotel check underneath the bed
for court where he be careful what
everything keeps the my dog you know
stuff like that it's all in it it's just
what
come on mom a bit more seen your son in
as simple as you think that and he would
often tell like certain I cost several
are basically repeat disease because
he's being like it okay no one security
who was the crazy thing is me I'm really
cruel and I know many will keep this the
wrong way but my brother he's a very
sweet guys I got him and you see that
he's covered in tattoos but he is the
most sensitive school ever sweet
innocent he has the biggest heart
actually while he's away we wanted to be
gap you know not like a fake series was
but little enough for him to I guess be
a little life weird because I've been
always delete the happy my little
brother arrived and I even helped me
apply on makes me feel of it and in fact
you think he's not here and I don't know
have a great time so I'm gonna stop by
traffic moment looking you to be with me
we're just sticking he guys a little
insight on my mom and much too worried
about my brother only hold on inside
yeah yeah I make so much am and it
doesn't go up we just go get out okay oh
you're gonna tell me can you check on
much gone and you'll not be somebody
better it'll put on a teaspoon dynamic I
hope he not don't follow our register my
shut up I actually saw a relative to
leave in loot your hideaway I'm answer
them yet
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Janina Allah Allah keep it very possibly
 ha ha ha because it's really
adorable really I wonder when I'm older
I'm gonna be like this friend like I
think don't do this
I think remember this I think you need
to be my face ready for bad I'm really
glad I have you guys keeping me company
hmm I still keep it so cold lately as
well so it's been nice having them in
bed then the bonding time honey been
inside I spoke to the doctors I was
telling her that lately I haven't really
been feeling as much looming correctly
my doctor told me that it's not until 25
weeks where the baby starts to get more
of a pattern I could go up to like a
week and I probably won't even feel very
much I wonder what it's like being
inside the tummy
Oh warm swimming oh my my brow is stuck
to my camera with me honey my first
board gimme kiss give me a kiss
hey that's my kiss I'm just putting in
my hand
oh go to bed that was a few tonight
speed
okay I'm determined today to write at
least seven more pages so I have written
about a thousand words feeling really
good about that and I think it's time to
take a break and make some dyndns
today hi hello
two-stepping online notes it has been a
super super super productive day
I actually just submitted a brand new
chapter to my to my editor for my
previous chapter I think it took me like
weeks to complete and it just shows that
when you are able could be uninterrupted
you can be on fire and it reminded me
that oh my goodness this is what it's
like before I became a mum do you
remember back in my videos would just be
popping laughs Ryan Center almost every
day actually of course everything
changed when Isaac got here and things
slows down a lot and yeah I think back
and I'm like wow like I scipio fire all
the times no wonder when I became alone
I freaked out it was a family we managed
to work out a balance and what's happy
well high things are I guess just being
able to be by myself has really allowed
myself to just focus on my tasks and
I've been so occupied and busy every day
that I haven't really had so much chance
to feel lonely sighs I don't I don't
really feel lonely because you know what
I got these two here okay okay
double G's a camera you don't know what
to do okay nothing's happening
you lose the Commerce or their the
camera so they're so he's pretending to
be innocent
it's so guilt telling me
