what are you doing sitting on my notes
what's wrong
okay anyone tell me what do you want
belly you want little head scratch
you want a head scratch it's like he
doesn't want but they don't want me to
give it a chubby smelly well no no then
I'm like I'll give you one or you like
new okay I'm just going to finish it a
little bit more and then we can play
okay okay oh my goodness this is the
best thing I've seen today it's a
maternity shoot for dogs she becomes
like a little floral crying on he didn't
make this look flowy as well look at her
little pregnant family oh oh my god yeah
oh my oh I can't take this oh that's
enough cuteness for today my name is
flying I think I better go guys there to
make some dinner
scary we're dark it is I guess I've been
upstairs for longer than I thought I was
Jimmy where are ye Oh
but it didn't do it because I have been
really hate saying that word dizzy I
realize I don't have so much time for me
to cook meals I still know that because
I'm pregnant I need two nutritious meals
today you notice very quick fix after my
errands I just grab the McDonald's which
isn't great so I'm just heating up some
spaghetti night but what I did was I
just made a big batch of beef ragu five
rows three batches and this one I left
in the fridge because I knew I'll be
cooking it today it just means I can
cook a nutritious dinner in like ten
minutes it's been about five days since
him and Isaac last I'm missing them oh
I'm not really getting much update from
Tim so I'm guessing you know he's been
really really busy no Jennifer venture
he's quite Wendy i excite so cubby is
barking because she just barks at
everything I said is quite Cole is
actually quite nice having him here
keeping me warm don't know if I told you
guys this before but with this pregnancy
I was telling Tim that I don't I'm not
feeling as if I'm bonding with the baby
so much while I was beginning anyway and
I haven't told you this dream before
because I was ashamed of it but I did
tell a few of my friends and in my dream
I dreamt Alison I was in house and we
were burgled and at that time it was
only me and the baby
it wasn't Isaac it was just a baby yeah
only the baby and I haven't ice
originally I had panic hurt but because
I knew that the baby would cry it could
mean that you know if you get busted the
burglar will find me so what I did was I
put the baby back in the crib and I went
to hide my nitrogen and before I knew I
woke up and I felt so ashamed to know
that in my dream I abandoned my own baby
even though you know I think at the same
time I was like a you know a baby as no
threat the Burkle is not going to do
anything
seize it but either way I had been to my
child and then I told you guys about
another dream where I took in this
little girl and I was trying really hard
to balance life as a single mother and
my work and we had always obstacles I
will try to like jump blocks of her and
then recently I had a dream off um again
you know being in a workshop and a thief
coming in and you know just beating me
up and I was protecting my bump and
someone said that this could be sort of
like like a reflection of you bonding in
your child you know the beginning you
abandon the child in a crib by itself
and then the second one you know you
take in this child and now you're really
protecting it and with him and I say not
being here lately I've been talking to
my bump a lot know that I can see my
belly's getting bigger I can feel a corn
moving inside my tummy thinking of like
I wonder what he or she will look like
will I corn look like Tim or me or even
Isaac sorry lately all you've been
seeing is just this space so maybe you
want to see their epic Tipene dummy why
does he look so guilty why are you not
guilty we read before
put your tale guide what's up your heels
lower lower it more lower put your tail
guys yes low okay yes don't put Kelly
yeah already 8:30 p.m. been really
really good I know the book is
definitely going to be worth for sure I
know my mindset is I need to do as much
as possible before the baby comes
because when April yes here it's going
to be difficult for me to do all up
stuff again but have to slow down so I'm
trying to do as much as possible and say
my my
my nanny are worried I'm overworking
myself and I can watch me know why I'm
overworking myself because I feel like
ice dry when I'm able to be productive
and I think I really just need to learn
to get a balance learned of blind Diane
I guess because it's quite a bad habit
you know and I feel like today in our
society you know people like telling
people they're busy feels like people
feel more important when they're busy
and it's not always the case
I feel like a lot of times you should
just listen to yourself you find
yourself saying I'm tired all the time
then maybe all you need is rest if you
find yourself things and so stress then
maybe be sure to find a way to
reschedule my things are somebody asked
in a comment so I plan my book and you
guys may have seen this file and I plan
my chapters and the tabs and I take
notes
I'm just general notes of what I do is
for each chapter or topic I would talk
to a bunch of people to get more
perspectives and point-of-use
I would read a bunch of books you know
just the initial teach notes and for
each chapter I a notebook and not
notebook I just take notes during the
day I take it with me whatever things in
my mind I'll just write it down and if
someone else or to look at my book
they'll be like what is this because
it's so messy and everything is all over
the place because you nitro diagrams
little pictures charts and stuff in a
point because you know when it comes to
new paths obviously there's a nice very
reason right so you write within the
line I can't write inside minds I always
find myself burning diagonally across
them I try to look up Google like what
it means when you cut really right in
the line that it means anything because
so the interesting so I'd never find
anything but one thing I'm told is
though even though in school the
teachers you never happy with my Henry
because it was always messy apparently
if you have messy writing
sighing of intelligence because you're
thinking so much you try to resign as
fast as possible first is someone who
writes really slowly in picture time
I'll tiny and make sense slower thinkers
I don't know if this is the case I don't
know how to make you more intellectual I
feel like it relates because I always
have so much going on my mind
I feel like when I'm wrong pipe
swallowed in the rocks and face
oh my god just peed myself excuse myself
a lot of times I feel like my writing
cannot catch up with my thoughts so I
try to write as fast as possible so I
don't lose it in my head because a lot
of times happens I'm so sorry guys it
seems like all you guys ever hear me
talk about is migrating reading writing
I just peed myself oh my goodness my
life has come to this
