why why why why do bad things happen to
good people
let's get ready to do some writing and
mighty Thank You Lee I've got my laptop
I've got my new ready to start tonight I
am making pork chops I thought my best
friend was going to come for dinner but
you actually have to work tonight okay
I'll just make more and have it tomorrow
and everyone that was the most peaceful
meal I've ever cooked were unable to
watch TV
uninterrupted while preparing dinner
waiting for it so as you can see that's
a big portion but luckily I can decide
it I didn't make myself a quick DIY
peeling mask and it's quite easy all you
need said really two ingredients I use
three one tablespoon of gelatin powder
two tablespoons of warm milk I mean a
little bit of honey and instead of
peeling mask super duper engine in my
skin has been a bit sluggish so but
before just removing the debt yourselves
and just making it more to learn as you
could see my face is pretty tight pretty
four pages today which is less than what
I thought I would but it's only 7:00
p.m. so look wait the night is young
then for an eye that's peeled it just
start from the bottom this is creepy do
you mean very like when you're a kid you
would like to glue on your hands and
then you'd pee little dudes all the
versions you go meet guys some people
like to put vitamin oil essential oils
charcoal powder anything pure like a
green tea powder all right I'm ready to
start peeling do you think I can get it
all on a single sheet oh no it's just
too much - here here
yeah feels good
some people may say it hurts I like
earth which hurts a little bit as you
get to your eye area
oh it hurts a bit
I doesn't hurt more on this area oh my
gosh it hurts please don't take my
eyebrows off I guess keep it on don't
apply it so close to your eyes
want to put it apart slowly beauty is
pain beauty is pain you need safe
beauty is pain is pain this kind of
stuff I last talked I swear it only
feels so smooth because it's removed all
the little hairs in my face all my pain
is I have the shemitah that's all mold
looks like oh enough who's gonna fall
off I changed my bed colors and dogs
know when you change it because they
love it
Oh silky smooth do you hate it the
number for everything how much would you
eat this for you know how you have like
to be warmer it would be great and
behind like earring little warmer your
eyes don't get cold talk to me anymore
lunch
we've been a big problem meeting it
seems like I can't get comfortable in
the modern why dude I'm really growing
fast
you know big Enix
and there was one girl she sent me here
27th or for 20 years right I have
information singin some killers I'm
thinking they're stopping to be jealous
girl I would love to have like a cute
little neat bum that's what I thought
I'll be having but there's actually like
quite a few reasons why my phone is so
big
firstly this is not my first technique
so it means that my core is no lockers
type the imagine my catalyst authority
things deflated obviously because the
delicious strategy sent me here for a
big grown-up compared to a brand-new
solution right and secondly probably a
high peak but my torso is actually
really really small when it comes to
taller woman to ray Tatom show as much
is because the baby has more room to
grow upwards I think is my core so is so
short
my baby doesn't have room to grow
upwards I can only grow artwork and
that's why an answer me when my price
means I just have business together of a
lot of food and a series of my doctorate
because I'm sitting I've already finds a
way to make more space more political
force based receiving any kind of the
commentators place called Asheville and
the needy because I guess because they
reconvene renovated looking forward to
make welcome see it's no we already here
I'll pick it
yes yes yes I've been feeling the need
to bake as and we celebrated I know I
know I know guys I know I told you guys
that I'm not going to bake until a while
I have known even for a week I find a
chocolate chiffon cake recipe where it
has minimum sugar and I use olive oil
instead okay 30 grams of sugar versus
300 and other other cakes I feel like I
need to be stressed okay guys preheat
oven to 180 here at time three egg yolks
I pour in my thirty grams of sugar
Hey 45 mils of milk well 35 mil all of
oil 25 30 35 I'm really weird like when
I cook my stuff isn't news anymore I
have to put it away
I don't like hiding oh yeah - like
second 60 grams of cake flour as I stare
at this guy I'm sorry this is TMI I
think I've been really dry lately I find
that in coming morn Sandra I'm a bitch
I'm oh my god back to youtube I brush
and I can just skin half a teaspoon of
baking powder 15 rounds of cocka cocka
Co Co Coco powder really glad I have
desired the filming of the room the
enemies in a few days must be my best
friend today which is nice literally
busy at a cafe and it was funny because
it wouldn't matter so I am fix my coat
so once I insisted and showed my belly
we got to eat right away itself I was
intending to go full anything it was
just like coincidence we need to test
the theory
preparing until there are no lumps and
looking up like mixing stuff it's fun
for egg white and I'm gonna be an
electric whisk when bubbles start to
form like this I add a third of a
student of cream of tartar partner add
16 LeBrons of sugars of 16 and 30 for
less than 300
I bet it has this increased involvement
egg mixture here and in three batches
and different folded skin my I destroy
it my mr. fake for by 15 minutes first
after 15 minutes I lowered it to you but
160 and you're supposed to bake for
another 20 minutes I'm weak I'm weak
yeah I think you were supposed to
decorate the cake before eating it but
that it's hard to stop a pregnant lady I
gave her a cake pass a few it's not
meant to be guys yeah why why why why do
bad things happen to good people
I wonder if I can like scrape off the
stuff and then to the buckle it again I
was in the process of putting this in a
fridge and this time failed me the face
came off I'm going to take this as a
sign I'm so glad I had a piece one oh
you were so beautiful why do bad things
happen to good people
no Pam over
you
