you gonna miss you guys so much if you
sorry think the boys are all patched up
and ready to go we just give them a
quick pack and we're ready to go if you
fuller and the song react and song tape
it's a Hong Kong beat this boy's my
daddy
okay be good
eight didn't miss Mase ready to do some
work can got me this table for the fish
and I'm only properly gonna be using at
9:00 is great because not only can I
just the height of this but I can
actually adjust the toes up and then
inside I can put my stuff it was gone
memory card in here it is breathing
kidding good morning guys I feel like we
say the Sun year it looks outside the
colder and actually it is here in
Britain I'm totally wrapped up like
Adams on my not but yeah
creamy off to get a haircut a totally in
color
I'll just because I feel like my hair
color is really
baby baby and it's not been a good look
for Mike lucky I'm not really sure I'm
going to get any kind of dark in it I
think I'm definitely going to get
infringed again I feel like when it
comes to me he liked my hairstyles
always more left
stasia thing the other night in class to
go to Hong Kong yesterday and met them
so much I would do anything to be with
this point I'm really happy to hear they
got back scenery like there's so many
days where I I would do anything just to
be able to slowly wake up have breakfast
my own time do my stuff and I finally
got the hapa i I just everywhere I
looked everywhere I went I just missed
them you see some toys lying on the
floor and I think and I would go to his
flavors just stared at toys I wondered
and hugging his pillow mo needs time to
be as productive as possible especially
my brain and I'll be joining us this
morning - it can barely see two areas
I'm jumpy gave me today a pretty
productive night and I just want to get
a lot of my editing a filling done just
so I can really concentrate on writing
really I had a good Jewish good
I feel like my kind of visa peak came
back suddenly I'm starting to feel quite
nauseous again really really proud of
him for doing so well slightly taller
that can be needy and for toothless one
of them being 12 hours long all the
lucky trailer and all act as not easy at
all
as you can see not only is this
completely dark sky but I also custom
layer isn't it because it was just
getting really really heavy so as you
guys know my hair actually got really
really dull and looked just dead and it
actually kind of became greed even
though I really loved having the slumber
hair where it gradually gets lighter and
it was fun we just think of like
specimen have a baby soon I wanted to
get something that's easier to maintain
hair color that a children is actually
from pony it is kind of like a mahogany
ish brine quite dark in here so let's
Harper me show you guys the color but I
do do like a lot I can see right away
how much healthier my hair looks and how
much my eyes sounds like more I was a
more of an obvious prince to beginning
acidemia sy1 and said she wasn't too
sure by diabetes about me getting a
salon fringe because I showed her a
picture of how I looks with a fringe and
she prefers while looks with white one
you can't really see the layers because
it's quite so much here but this is a
picture that I gave her for reference to
something that makes my hair like nice
and full even though I do have a lot of
hair anyways I got a parcel yesterday
and I purposely didn't open it because I
knew that I'd be quite blue from tonight
baby in a way and I figured this will
definitely share me up so Elaine thank
you so much for your parcel it's huge
I wonder what's in here I mean if you're
watching and they're like latley cross
pops even though we haven't physically
met in person filling I know you you
know me well rock my day is better
already
my friend Elaine she also has a beauty
channel is Canadian
I heard of I eat ketchup Chris I'm very
intrigued already coffee quick logistics
you sure know how to make a pregnant
lady healthy this is so cool so it
doesn't call twenty four days of tea
these look like mugs as well such a good
size oh I mean I got these cups because
I love the color but the problem with
these are they're really small okay look
look and matches my stuff we share so
much Lance for sending cookie xeriscape
ring on I am currently looking up some
decorations for a baby shower and I
wasn't really going to do in the
beginning and then I thought about and I
was like I never actually had a baby
shower before so it might be special to
do one so exciting news to me I decided
that we are going to be finding out the
gender of our baby in the baby shower so
it was also going to be a gender reveal
party
hopefully in Hong Kong I'm going to be
able to do a scan my private doctor
we're going to do is we're going to
bring a piece of paper or card whatever
and we're going to ask the doctor to
write boy or girl on that card and then
I'm going to pass that card to my friend
Claire who is a master baker and she's
going to be making a gender reveal cake
so I don't know if you guys have heard
of this method before but tree house but
doesn't about a popular way of revealing
gender for a lot of people but basically
we cut open the cake so typical Pisgah
blue selling ass boy it's a pink
coloring of the girl the average is
going to be being like a small shower
with close family and friends there's
going to be Peter to meet cake it will
be fun
excited to try it is 24 days of tea
thank you once again to Ellie and I'm
really excited okay I'm going to take
right number get to the number one order
stuff remember yeah the second one
Wow I feel like we should have us and
calendars all year ride not just one P a
day easy I still got plenty left
I'm gonna be taking the dog side for a
good walk usually I just walk them
around the neighborhood a few times I'm
going to be better especially because I
really feel like this time around I'm
really not so active and I don't really
feel like doing a preview to work out so
I think instead I'm going to be picking
the dosa a long walk okay I go up
probably gonna get another bricks TV I
figured is a big good opportunity for me
to get some air
I'm about to start a new chapter every
time like the forests are a new chapter
I'm always a little hesitant it's always
a percent that's the hardest I uploaded
a pregnancy fall yesterday the reticle
manam with thumbs up quality knives and
you guys asked me to share the names
that we like
back off feed by each other so that's
part of what the girl needs so a girl
means that I
I was Hannah of each a at a it's very
creamy we add symbols in a fan a better
name that I really really liked for Mila
and conceded it because his cousin has a
beautiful daughter called me love
originally we like to be me as well but
one of our goals is called me so I kind
of change things run him really like
spooning Michelle by the way want to see
Dohenys means I hope that we takes
offense to any of these but yeah
Michelle is a very pretty mean like most
Michelle's I know happen to be really
pretty the only issue I have the
Michelle was I mean I felt like their
name was a little too common so I wanted
something that's a little bit more
unique not like Isaac is a unique name
you know it's common enough get result
like gut feeling as well they mention
you guys I like the idea of spoil me
from you guys mentioned Isla
Isaac an island I thought I really
chewed but Tim vetoed it because we know
someone he also has a daughter called
Isla she's also really chewed a lot of
really great names are taking already I
also really like to name Aria and I see
all new Jennifer from happy to choose
his little girl which is called area
back then and I think were to be a girl
he would have been called early and on
you guys know how come you guys feel
differently about it and the whole
reason is because I'm just not a big fan
of the flower and I ask often mean Lily
that cuddly sighs I think essentially I
think I little girl with a beauty other
than a pretty me and Lily would work
blood just not a big fan of actual
flower boy me in substance P dude I
might the name highly I thought I found
it really cute but it was a bit too
girly for tip slightly we both like the
name Noah actually but we figured you
know Noah it's not so similar to know we
said make discipline a little bit more
tricky do you mean imagery nights that
we weren't hearing excuse our child
let's continue this conversation when
we're at the park or almost there dogs
press something you guys ready to go
alright times I'm dying I'm dying I'm
dying letting the dog see a little bit
of exploring Oh Thelma always goes ahead
whereas chappy always ought to wait for
me lady that's training she went you're
talking so clean you expected a name's
Oliver was a name that I quite like
because we can call him ugly at in
low-rent yeah it's annoying because I
wish you can give me like a proper
reason why he doesn't like it but he
just says nay another name I quite like
her guy it was the Haydn I knew like man
like his thing was moved to my means
like a name that he was the caller's
child is gray as I'm like right from
Street Fighter and I'm like no part of
people running
remember time we came here for like a
run I got completely lost like some of
the whole lap and took over me again was
like an elderly pair and now the who can
I catch my rest and they were just like
hope it's a nice series limits is drunk
and passed me we're home I think the
jokes are really tired even I am tired
