have really really good I think if you
guys are asking about the third ring I
wear on my finger and if it means
anything I'm going to tell you guys time
we had a decent I - week to show you
guys a monstrous I'm going to pillows
tiny we have one two three four five
five pillows because I need to height
and I also need to lower back support so
please to connect United States
yesterday I started off with five
pillows I mean I some high end it was
seven I use five pillows to support me
one escape and then I use emitter tree
solution and pretty much using all the
pillows of this person I feel so
vibrated
I had another weird dream my eyes even
gasps it's related to the baby again I
joined I work like in my classroom like
some sort of workshop this girl came in
for whatever reason I knew that she was
in here to feel like she comes services
because tried to act nonchalant I knew
she wasn't a genuine person but when a
man is asking about Obama
so other Oh disco watches my vlogs and I
was just again the moment there's
nothing in this room that's really
worthy feeling that I realized that I
had my engagement and wedding ring on my
finger I tried to hide it somehow I
ended up feeling like I'm some sort of
fight and the look just you know being
beat up and I was just like hunched over
trying to protect my tummy so I don't
know what it means but the best thing
about dreams it even when you're being
beat up really feel the pain anyway I
got these
I can't expression um how about a week
not have been capping am I trying to I
can't figure out how I feel about them
I've been seeing a lot of videos is
Paula a unique series me decided to
tested I like but realistically he has
time to do this everyday still trying to
figure out which is the best Russians
for me to do my highlight usually when I
count the highlights I just use -
Tartars but you know since I'll give
this a try after highlight dialects a
bit more 300 channel I grabbed a darker
shade I'm do this
I suppose my face being of the Iran
reduces it gives me an excuse to do it
don't get along as I suspected it would
be really quick just blend like this am
I going to do everyday
frankly not so I feel like my knee is a
little bit more sculpted it's a bit look
I remember these brushes being quite
expensive I've already got these once
and I come in the compare my wonder if
you can get similar brushes um that's
not branded for cheaper and I'm pretty
sure you have one of you headed I for
lunch very soon so home great
there's nothing eaten heist because you
really need to go to Italy shopping I
don't know what he's doing I feel sorry
for the dogs
nothing you can do you need to pee pee
pee yes random I'll comment and you
can't have really really good I think if
you guys are asking about the third ring
I wear on my finger and if it means
anything so I'm going to tell you guys
let it ring as you can see yes yes hold
on hold on this ring is actually not
actually a ring it's something that I
picked off the floor I don't know where
it comes from
I'm thinking from appearing or whatever
but he came over to me and he was like
really excited didn't hear hear anything
to my finger and then a yeah I just
thought it was um b-flat thank you I
thought it was a sweetest thing ever
me it's like my first proper gift from
Isaac Knott I just went everywhere I go
every day someone asks me why I always
have like a mark in my hand reason is
because I received gel liners so I don't
apply directly from the pot I like to
warm it up at the back of my hand first
because I don't like to fly one it's
really thick so that's why I always
always have like a flash mark here okay
we're waiting for daddy is always a mess
20 ready I understand Tim is like
notorious known for being late I'm a
naturally very social person so I just
really really get to meet these things
that old you know it's not even that
important no need to be in a hurry but
like Rumi and I when I say annika be on
time I might take you to my word because
you know because I don't know I always
feel like when we treat the beauty
it's almost as it airs in your time is
more important than others usually if I
have somewhere I need to go tonight I
kind of just have to compromise by
telling him it's 30 minutes earlier than
what it really is
time seems like what about the Kansai
ways bargain I really don't think I make
ten wait for me that much that's the
thing and even my thought is you owe it
to me you know I deserve the extra time
another one on the way and because of
the damage that's been made to my body
thanks to this guy frankly I need more
time to make up for to damage all my
mom's watching our life
tomorrow behind me if the girls are
going to be having a high P and then
we're going to be having like a spa
treatment and then followed by dinner
just celebrate the fact that my cousin
and I are bullied Krishna baby and
really any cookies for the girl to come
together and hang out yeah sure like I
said trying to find something to wear so
I put one of my favorite dresses and
yeah this is not a 16-week belly up like
I just don't understand how this is even
possible
my husband was telling me like it only
occurred in just hi sake I am already at
sixteen weeks huh a Cornish is growing
and growing and growing
I had one today is going to be a girly
day so my best friend is going to
continue
originally I was simply driving without
me needing a cartoons a little anxious
before I like kissing you I did offer to
trap the food but he knows what's in the
pits busy lately so he says it's okay
you need to car and for lunch and dinner
he'll just ring I don't know I'm just
going to make any bacon time I store my
best friends on the go should I see the
only drive-in or duty
indeed robotic hand how does this be
back on the road up
no I think like when you're pregnant
somehow you'll get away of anything
having a high P move beyond recognizes
you guys can have the rest I'll just hop
this one here remembers et Chandon is
going to be bringing Isaac I'm cell to
Hong Kong they're going to go earlier
first so I can concentrate on writing
the book and then I'll go join em later
this guy is making beans on chips as you
can see I am craving burgers oddly I
sent him I pick at me a chicken burger
on the cheeseburger hey one apple pie oh
okay okay thank you where's my please
hey Liv aha
I don't for a minute I was like why
would you do this
