Tim want to show me something okay good
afternoon guys I'm just going to be
heating up their leftover lasagna that
we meet yesterday my school yeah even
though I plan to stop making desserts my
Swiss roll tray came in and I ended up
just making a Swiss roll but yeah I
needed to put in my last one I'm really
really going to try some baking is so
much fun okay I think a lot of it is the
fact that it's just healthy distress or
it's like a mixture of pregnancy
cravings emotional binging a fact that
helped me relax from all my work and
stress but I can't be good for me and a
baby and not is that it's not good for
my family to indulge in so much sugar so
it's my treat mmm
it's like Christmas New Year's all the
holidays rolled into one
thank you so much Mary Barry for all the
fun you're like the white brownie I
never had who's always trying to like
spottin me up with all your delicious
food you're amazing
I just read the feedback from my editor
regarding the chapter that I just
updated so this chapter ended up being
so long on average a chapter is probably
about for chair Reince 6,000 words and
yet I kept writing and adding them on
because there's so many things I don't
want on this one and ended up being like
20 times and words come by a chapter
being this big all things are having it
in a giant after we're going to have it
as a section and fit with different
chapters inside I think I've written
about 40,000 worth or so and it's all
been incredible and I think back to all
the times where I really procrastinated
and just swap myself because kraler
scared of the pressure you know there
were days where just not in front of the
screen and just looked at it opportunity
that yourself start typing words will
actually start to slow when you take one
step let it go one word I go you'll find
yourself working one page I go one
chapter not ago today I decided to cook
Chinese because they don't have a lot of
ingredients and I didn't go grocery
shopping tomorrow egg and spam a classic
and then I need chicken celery and
carrots
oMG hot fries a gong but of all the
meals I've been making throughout the
past two weeks this guy likes the Qin mo
morning Oh past week I have not been
sleeping too well I'm 116 weeks along
with his pregnancy and yet I could
really feel my bones listening quick and
I've heard people say that when it's not
your first kind of e your joints listen
up a lot quicker even then I'm sitting
on my side with a big color wedged
between my legs it puts a lot of
pressure in my inner thigh bone my
pelvis I attempt to sleep sitting up
words and when I set up words I don't
get proper support for my lower back so
it's trans I lower back most comfortable
for my bones for some reason is just lay
completely in my back as long as I'm on
my side I feel like it's crushing my
bones together but when I'm laying my
back it doesn't have any pressure at my
joints but the only problem is because
of my growing belly basically it's not
supposed to be that great for the baby
and of course when I'm laying on I don't
breathe as well when I do every night is
I was just alternate between the three
sleeping positions and I've gotten to a
point where every day heard that my body
just feels like an old lady
anyways our handyman came in yesterday
finally got to ask him to put up the
shelf up there at the moment she's got
some buttons right there but it's quite
good to put my night reads because you
registered it on my bedside table you
can't have seen the bookcase but I've
always been scared that Isaac will climb
it and it's going to fall on him so I
got a stabilize and cheese ball so it's
just a small bookcase for me to
books and for me to put Isaac's books
finally got a mirror above the console
table I got him the drill her bra cup so
I'm thinking of getting another one to
put up here it was so cute because Isaac
he might with his little play drill when
he watched Williams uses roof drill and
he sent me this quiz she was 60 she's
saying that I should get more so she'll
see oh hi I just love riddles the circle
noodle will compete 98 of course Tom
Perrelli
you can see the port and so it's okay
yeah
yes I just thought of Matt he could see
them more than a parlor did enjoy
Google's you don't have to be so fisted
I noticed something today
I don't know if you guys can see but my
belly button is starting to pop like PC
this looks like a little penis hmm
too weird when you Lango looks like a
turkey hey I just got inspired for a
song he hear me ii ii me
I crossed my border I trust my weak weak
muscle under my big belly oh my baby I
try I'm to see you in my dreams you're
so sweet like ice cream y'all would make
me wanna fire but it's okay because my
never apart I was talking to my cousin
today and she was saying that she wants
to do like henna on her belly and I got
so beautiful
it made me think about and then I
realized the only art I did on my belly
was when I you know I turned into a boob
you were once a boobie yes she were once
a boobie Vicky knows what a boobie I
think he can gain after people Tim want
to show me something
doggie right wise am i off okay
Hey look you get turned your office into
a nightclub I heard do you like it what
colors are colors a novel color
yes good
basically if reformed upon some lady
nice hey hi hey okay
