everyone is both welcome to my 16 weeks
crazy blog forever maybe a coy baby
number 2 so happy to be here and hard to
believe that time has been slowed by so
much according to my you're expecting up
baby a nice size of an avocado but five
inches long so at this moment baby is
micro really but multiple truly
developing can hole its hello Bryce got
meal and apparently able to empty the
bladder every 40 to 45 minutes so almost
as much as mommy depending on the baby's
position
your doctor may even be able to
determine the baby's sex on ultrasound
scans so I remember was Isaac I was able
to find out the gender at 17 weeks maybe
things are different in Hong Kong I was
able to see my doctor every two weeks
but here in the UK I don't think I get a
scan until 20 weeks but nonetheless I'm
actually going to be in Hong Kong's
before 20 weeks so I might see my
private doctor again and find out this
next earlier because they don't have a
scale at home I haven't been able to
weigh myself but I knew I must be
gaining weight no idea I have been
watching or keeping up with my salon
within you will know what that my sugar
cravings
it's just crazy when I was pregnant I
never had such a strong desire to want
sugar so much to the point where I was
walk past a dessert aisle and I would
just stand there and I'm stared is there
any no I shouldn't have it but I
actually have trouble walking away
anyone else I and I'll come back and
I'll be circulating the aisle over and
over so I ended up resorting to making
my own desires I've been saving every
single day to the way for was a long had
I stayed at myself I can control the
sugar intake but nonetheless you know
it's not gusta I like making cakes every
single day not my I native chocolate
Swiss rolls and night before I made a
chocolate cake the night before I meet
chocolate brownies which is a bunch of
desserts and like chocolate have always
been like
so thing for me but I have never wanted
chocolate so much I don't even have like
a number but I would say the majority of
you guys are actually suspecting with
that a corn is going to be a girl and
the reason is a timely when you crave
sugar it means you're expecting a girl
but if you create say braces it means
you're expecting a boy very whether this
is an oil appeal and I read about ladies
creating sugar the entire pregnancy I'm
still getting birth the boys felt a new
point where so many people everyday
are you telling me that's a girl or you
know oh I hope it's a girl of course and
their baby is a boy I'll be so happy if
this baby is a girl I'll be just as
happy you don't but it's a fact that so
many people are just hoping that a corn
is going to be girl that it makes me
feel like a bit pressured boy or girl
will be just as happy although I have to
admit pin actually you know the mines he
has a girl the other choice you know he
would love to have another son so yeah
go back to the cravings and really
struggling with my sugar cravings for
the first time in my life I am really
struggling I've always been more of a
savory girl and I really haven't stopped
because I know that all the sugars can't
be good for me or to baby or my family
pretty flies I think sugar is amazing I
know never really has stood a version
where I smell something him like this I
would say I could pretty much eat
anything kind of them lay more on the
TMI side but I'm very happy to let me oh
no that's my bumhole is currently pan
bright free I am trying to describe end
up in a more pretty way my Bloods had a
bouquet a bouquet of some extra light
there's no way maybe I make a sign for
you but yeah nice but has been dealing
with a beautiful bouquet
hemorrhoids and the reason is just
because when I'm passing I'm trying so
hard on having a really hard time on
whatever and passing just feels like I'm
you know putting like URIs and you've
never had your in before it's like a
slightly perfectly salty Anna never had
hemorrhoids in my first pregnancy and
then for the second pregnancy
they're just coming off Ryan centers or
just reason for a hemorrhoid it's been
so annoying because when I stood silent
on her for the past two weeks when it's
the Sun I feel like I have to spread my
bum cheeks so you know I didn't sit on
their soups or um each but the good
thing is you know currently my bum is
okay and I think you think if I switch
my prenatal vitamin I was previously on
something called pregnant hair and it's
more the popular prenatal vitamin to get
your UK and you can be three giant pills
highly I'm in something known as the
honeymoon phase where my skin will be
glowing my energy will be picked up
yummy felt like a slob before where I
just felt like I'd know anything and I
was telling you guys that I felt like
the baby was just taking everything out
of me but I can really say that I'm
feeling great there was a time before I
felt like I really needed makeup like
another I needed I felt that's my star
chuckles were just so crazy my
complexion was just so great that I
needed to have bright lipstick which is
why in the previous vlog a lot of times
you guys saw me was more employment but
the NARS I feel like I'm starting to get
my natural color but you know I've been
able to wear less makeup although that
being said I can just me see that my
face is always getting alert so it means
that I am using my contour harder more
because I'm wearing a baggy sweater but
I'm getting good back for my pregnancy
Lister's probably you spend like a
Hansel the noise is deafening
more than a Hansel and I feel like my
boots are actually busting out of my
brows knife anything is my good fifty or
more more firm they feel almost kind of
expected because you know how your boobs
are naturally quite squishy and is that
they are so soft but maybe because
there's so much more solar that um they
just feel a bit more firm do something
that I've started to get a carpal tunnel
so when I'm sleeping at night I'll
actually you've woken up by a very
renowned tingling sensation I would get
in my right arm does the Basel tall but
I feel like there's the fact that I have
to look at the P so often like before it
was really easy for me to fall back to
sleep from P it never ever been a
problem but for some reason lately
because I'm looking at the people often
I just can't really fall back asleep so
I've been dealing with insomnia and
because I'm not sleeping so well I've
been dreaming a lot and one of my cloths
I dreamt that I took in a little girl of
my daughter and attired me is a dream of
having a girl an intern having a voice
we have been taking notes on a lot of
the baby knee amputation so thank you
guys so much for helping us out well all
you guys are saying if a court is going
to be girl high but Lily because but
then you know it's Isaac was going to be
girl he or she would have been called
Lily's because for ten you know Lily Li
ly was ten floors and di low heat which
have a beautiful meaning I love it but
if it is a girl I'm not sure if she
feels like elderly so I don't know
problem is the ones that I love 10 some
like so much on the ones that Tim love
I'm so so I think I'll be easier when we
find out by the gender because I'm sorry
if you're more movement in mind
you know it feels like an aquarium and I
especially feel that morning when I'm
laying on at night usually all right
this time Isaac and I were sitting in
bed together and we had this book and I
feel the movement of happy and excited
as I am to feel the sensation of the
baby grew inside me
captain MIT I also feel guilt because it
just reminds me that my time my son is
limited and I began in mind for all his
entire life you know he has had his
moment does complete full attention
I'm just hi basically that's going to
change everything for him you know
because obviously a newborn baby c'mon
salon I'll kind of it to make sure he
doesn't feel unwanted or me collected
much as I try I just have a feeling he's
gonna have a hard time I know necessary
time that feeling of jealousy will turn
to love I think he's going to be a
really great brother and I'm actually
like looking at a photo right here and
creating the amenity Rovia have when I
think of my agent has so much attention
where people without being with verbal
he was using and I feel like it's my
brand so it don't make me wonder if
acorn Susie as gigantic as the brother
or you know maybe acorns going to be
more of a average normal or even slender
baby that's it for the last two
principles all you guys have been
sharing is me doing AutoStick and new
energy a drilling craft but now I
actually all can really say for this
vlog is I feel good I don't feel like
I've got that much fatigue even though
I'm not even getting that much sleep all
right so let's finish off I show you
guys at every shot so here is my barely
at 16 weeks so as you can see it's been
quite a bit growing pretty crazy I know
and it's seriously getting so itchy
I am still putting creams and stuff on
but I didn't know that with my jeans
I'm just prone to getting
stretch marks and psyche nurse but I'm
going to put it on any way to relieve 15
don't lie absolutely on watermelon here
somebody mentioned in comments I could
do a comparison to when I was primarily
Isaac around this time but I think it's
a good idea
ruff ruff ruff ruff oh you look all
right thank you guys so much for coming
with a corn and I and I shall speak to
get choices
