every time Sun icing of pregnancy I
would say problem like seven or ten of
you guys are suspecting that acorn is
going to be a girl
you made this other fact that I've just
been crazy a lot of sugar it made me
curious because in my culture they say
that any cream sugar and major having a
girl as well and in my culture if your
beauty face during pregnancy they say
you're having a girl whistle ear because
I'm also control it's the opposite so
obviously I know these are all old wives
feels but let's take a test and sleep
sleep position pay attention how you
late so now I prefer speaking on my
right even though I know it's healthier
for me to sleep on my left if you
prepare sleeping on your left side boy
right side you're pregnant over okay so
girl point one extreme nausea means
you're having at well across about nine
a did suck so maybe you quite girl to
and try your soft hands if your hands
are dry drugs during pregnancy boy mmm I
wouldn't say my hundred up soft so I
would say boy one girl two if you're
creating a citrus while painting you're
having a girl I don't know my citrus but
I'm sure craving sugar if you're
breaking I expected girl I wouldn't say
my skin's with not too much so boy -
girl - and you feel secret gliding
through today you're having a girl as
you're stumbling it's the boy I feel
like I'm gliding
so girl 3 I just paste a solar amines
you're having a girl I feel like my
faces fillers but only because I'm
eating more also girl for craving salt
pregnancy means boy something sweet nice
girl fat girl 5 mood swings
baby girl ok maybe I'm a bit more
hormonal this time right so ok so far
tourism girls again if you're trying
your baby low
expect a boy is its high a girl so I
hope this time I my bumper so quite low
but maybe because I'm screening with
faster my waist feels thicker so it
appears higher so I'm gonna tell you
anyway if you dream about having a girl
while pregnant you'll wind up having a
boy
Oh so I dreamt up I have a girl so this
could be a boy
if your right breast is larger than
their left while pregnant and you're
having a girl and the lettuce bigger
than a foot that's weird because most
people they're not boob is bigger second
teenage male is same we are making
chocolate face today I have strongest
urge on craving Holly Holly chick so I
drove down a motorway to pick up all the
ingredients and then when I was detector
I was like soldiers me to the lady says
it's okay you cut a cycle apples but
also gains just like about poses for my
apple crumble remember how I said let's
get it and they like you will never use
it we finally go to whisk nice little
guys got a cold I could have bought a
chocolate cake but I don't know why I
just feel like I have to make it myself
okay after this one I'm definitely
stopping okay
don't worry guys I've got under control
ten years ago this guy tried to make me
wash Gundam Seed now if you try to make
his son watch it even the most like no
no this again tonight friggin a I need
chicken tarragon
it's kind of huge portion of the cake so
you pass to my neighbor's because I
figured this is the only way I can
really control how much I eat you have
four more please
I think this guy he really examines me
when I'm when I'm cooking Wow I'm some
poor daddy whoa whoa no supposed to be a
toy but is it actually using to serve
ice cream I was like okay yesterday's
chocolate cake with mica fairy last
dessert my Swiss roll can caiman is
screaming to be used what you guys know
I have been eating a lot of sugar I
think a lot of it is definitely the
cravings from a horn usually I have no
problem walking past the desert Isle in
the supermarket and my like I find
myself just like circling just walking
toss it over and over and over
seeing at the same time with making me
want to have sugar so much is I think
it's almost kinda like emotional eating
because basically as a log you guys know
I'm so writing this book and expect
going so well getting really into it or
this chapter which I just finished today
I opened up about something I've never
opened up to you guys before and it was
a really tough time for me and I meant
that like old scars I almost have to
like tear it open again when you might
open up old wounds of scars and
obviously it's gonna hurt so when I was
writing it you know obviously there
a lot of moments I had to stop and go
and I guess emotional eat was the cake
because it really does here we all
believe it or not and what's really cool
I guess not like this chapter is I asked
my husband to write parts of it as well
because I wanted to share with you guys
a non-biased Orioles every story has two
sides obviously I don't want to spoil so
much for you guys so you know I'm just
going to not go too much in detail but
you'll find out when you eat the book
because a lot of time I will comment on
you as you get to kind of your words on
how you judge me as a character and I
definitely think that if you were to
read the book you'll find that I am so
flawed but me like why we crimes at us
and I really hope you guys enjoy reading
not as a chapter but just the control on
halfway through my book already see I'm
really on a time crunch sure I just
because I really want to finish writing
this book before the baby gets here once
we begin here I'm not going to be able
to have ten stare and type so another
good thing you know it's good to note I
really do have a solo deadline
lost American life
it's gonna be nice joking
I'm karaoke night what if it's not
yeah well alright like meat good cheese
good it's ready there's social actually
looks surprisingly easy to make you can
see I'm currently melting my chocolate
already broken in pieces and I melted
just by letting it hover over a time of
very hot water I'm a happy little
helpless this guy would say help crack
eggs because up Harley looks fun first
thing to do is to take my 6-8 yolks and
then high sugar and with a lot of sugar
even though I minimize them on gonna
speed it but it's light and creamy I can
add in my melted chocolate
what is I just stir until evenly blended
think it's evenly blended night risk egg
whites in a large mixing bowl until
stiff but not dry
i stir a large spoonful of egg white
into the chocolate mixture mix gently
and then fold in the remaining egg
whites okay
idly folding your wings sort of a large
block and then you get sold and work
full spread riad said cuckoo fighter as
much as I enjoyed eating the finished
product I do have to make that I enjoy
making it the most supposedly I just
some mic and sugar over to top turn it
prevent it from sticking to the three
tiles
manner help me to cover it with a cream
cheese photo - right
oh let's get ready to party Brett took
to the past fun part is rolling a cake
so from one end I believe I just
actually really scary just roll roll
roll under by making a sushi I have a
wrapped up like little burrito on a
cassette on top of like a tray so
there's better air ventilation and I'm
just going to let it completely okay
earlier when I was having dinner with
him and much we brought up to me that
I'm one of the swabs where I say oh you
know are he happy you know to have fun
under domesticated ways he told me some
people in the comments were pretty upset
that I use the word domesticated and
some people felt offended yeah basically
you know people were mad and they're
saying don't use this word really
thought about it and I looked up the
word and sorry if this is what I did it
wasn't my intention you know because I
just want to throw it there that the
fact that I like to take care of my home
and I like cleaning out my house and
make sure it's spotless because a
cluttered space always gives me a clear
mind I like being able to cook meals for
myself and my loved ones and the fact
that I like to do all of this doesn't
make me any less of a woman it doesn't
make me any less as an entrepreneur but
you're a go-getter and you want to chase
your career in your lingo for that if
you like to bake and the old things
artsy and you guys taking cave your home
that's absolutely fine being one thing
or another doesn't maybe hire any less
now I don't see why you should judge
someone when you know they're just doing
what they love and they're not hurting
anyone's feelings in a while and I think
that's all done so I'm going to go make
the cream filling
a party it's okay that cracks because
it's all the charm when it comes to a
Swiss roll in this case it's so cool
let's you crack quite a bit but it's
okay life goes on okay give it a good
group let's steam it taste is good oh
it's so good
no sweetie
it's so good
you
