hey good morning good morning good
morning present I saw you go through
Sofia agencies Inslee you want to come
to Asian fusion food it's like usually a
hit or a Miss oh stop it he seriously
like was me is that what was dirty
finally let me need you hover on the
floor oh nothing is really greasy
mmm chick a key role
what nigga Saban would have a Korean
spice chicken and what's really
interesting is it's measles baby let me
to say the great no no particularly
sorry for tonight I mean cottage pie it
is not feeling too well today so I'm
going to be making him chalk assigning
two favorite there's some all
ingredients in the bowl and then mix it
with the electric mixer let's bake this
ready
smells amazing
it's perfect
this guy's upset because we hit the
brownies awesome
there's no boy really have some
he's looking for the funnies oh yes a
little oh that's why we say dog oh yeah
mmm what's this good
mouth that's right what else what else
do you know okay sheesh oh good sounds
like he's doing let me see you wherever
you like mommy kept aside me yes guys
glued to the TV for the past 10 minutes
Oh What's Wrong you scared he's scared
of hospital I don't know it's just me
but I feel like he looks like her
if I say we're a girl he'll totally look
like May tonight I'm eating baked pork
chop and rice this is not a classic dish
in Hong Kong something you're guaranteed
to see in a cafe and in terms of Western
dishes I can cook them but me when it
comes to Asian dishes I'm not so great
so my answer you my cousin introduced me
see a lady
and we might know her blog across 15
recipes
mmm smells amazing McCulloch and I come
to a bait sport right and you have to
have it with right right it doesn't make
sense I've been playing right good money
any more than hauling via beauty hey
looks absolutely good guy for hmm not
baa nanna
mmm we cleared it looks that means when
a share of your guys's dream I had last
night
and in my dream I dreamt that for
whatever reason Tim and I were separated
and no longer my so tell me I was like
on my own with no money or anything
which doesn't make sense
this time we ended up taking me in and
there were like a poor family so I had
to live in this tiny little bedroom and
that there were cockroaches all over it
so I actually ended up taking in this
abandoned little girl
so I actually didn't have Isaac my dream
but instead it was this little girl
she's probably about four years old
because I was really became a good
company obviously I was so poor that we
ended up like dating / performing in the
streets and we're really bad at it and
you know there are people who were
watching they were just being really
kind and they can appear us so to give
me some money
Tilly ended up working in my high school
I don't know what I was not the teachers
I ended up working there and I was
really really bad at it yeah I was just
trying to support me and I guess my
daughter when the very last scene I
remember for whatever reason we were in
this giant - standing on this floating
bridge and for me to get to the other
side there were like lots of bridges in
between but you know they
moving because it was like a big massive
wave pool and always but he√≠s coming in
when the bridges come close or the
blocks came close we have to jump from
one side to the other bridge coming from
one come to the other one the basically
keeps jumping over the structures until
we got to be and was holding on to my
daughter were one time and suddenly on
my other hand I was holding on my
vlogging camera at we were just
struggling and just hopping and jumping
obviously we were drenched but I tried
with all my might to kitchen subscribe
maybe it symbolizes the slight stress or
anxiety on juggling Parenthood and work
and also the fear of him abundant in men
was really nice and my dream was and
when I was living it was really real by
when I was living in that tiny little
bedroom
my daughter and I cared this tiny bit
and I was actually really happy being
with her so when I woke up and realized
that obviously she doesn't exist I
actually felt quite sad oops already but
of course always happy to wake up to my
son as well you see somebody son well
this guy is obsessed with this little
heart token thing come onto your board
off
let me get it let me get it
Oh my purple always go on ahead I'll
never let go Jack I'll never let go
