look at all these peasants finish ready
in the pan picking up some mushrooms for
a few minutes
no chicken pie is complete without leek
neither the leek is nice and soft we add
in the tarragon a pot of creme fraiche a
chicken stock
and I let it boil I'm just gonna mix it
into the chicken I forgot some mash
earlier you're gonna do great
and dinner is cert yeah me look at all
these peasants feel something brewing my
throat has been Scratchy
I think it's Christmas yeah the hook
meanwhile this girl is questioning her
existence there you go guys Leon
schools like this I plan to take lovely
bubbly portraits insert our cute little
Christmas outfits but no I'll watch you
have but I think just edit rushing out
and it was like non-stop all the way
until we keep hope so barely even lifted
up our copper I said I seem to have
caught a cold as well but we have a cold
that's it half a mansion why not here
why can't we what should I take off all
the Lila's hands no why not we're
scraping off the ice that's so cold to
do today is Boxing Day which is sales
day everybody is like grabbing bargains
small
boys they're gonna impose goodbye more
okay sure
yes I think by more
we are today so yep that's why I told
you guys we're gonna put up a Christmas
tree because we were just going
everywhere this month and we're flying
over for our nephews birthday that's
gonna be our last family trip before and
year she thousand 17n I just literally
got used to writing 2017 filling out
forms I realized that Christmas is also
whether we celebrate or not it's a
period of time where some people feel
extra lonely extra sad Christmas puts a
lot of pressure for you to be extra
jolly and marry and the way they
advertise on TV of course I just want to
make money off you but you know a lot of
times you end up comparing what you are
nor it TV or people's pictures on
Facebook which is just their highlight
Rozonda this time could be difficult
maybe you're going through something and
or maybe you're missing someone honestly
it could be Christmas every single day
so you know I hope you guys don't put
too much pressure on yourselves maybe
some of you guys celebrate Christmas
maybe for some you guys you just see it
as a time for family to be together or
maybe you think that
yeah really mundane boring day but we
spent it in bed watching TV with some
chocolates and to some it's very
uneventful
there was no front seat fit we didn't go
anywhere special there was no goal but
it was perfect in every way
you guys want a model for 2018 I
definitely think a good one with to
remind yourself a life is not by having
things but by being just being Dever
people being patient being inspired
being with people who provide the best
in you being with people who matter to
you
so yeah just waiting for a little
wake-up noise she slept terrible last
night don't know what's wrong with her
and never seen her like this she was
completely hysterical her room smells
like a woman right now because she's
just kept throwing up nikrif Alou and I
just like her lie is like that's right
that's a birthday present
yes shall we pack in the suitcase yes
okay
are you excited to see lis yes today
we're up nice and early
we're gonna be the kids to jump in jump
in so it's sort of like an indoor
trampoline space feel like I'm mummy pig
it's also my brother and all has peppa
pig in the car how can you be in a bad
mood
I'm placing for the final turn happy new
year everyone we are headed off to
anything other than the trees this guy
doesn't want to sixty with this done so
you can look everywhere in the trees so
we're in a place called Franco Micah
supposedly their pizza is really good
we're headed back home 9 from the
Transport Museum and I think Isaac
really loves it I think one knows like
stimulators and try a train because
that's what he wants to be one of these
older he wants to be a drink
you
