hi everyone welcome to my 13 week
pregnancy blog so it has been a good
month since our last pregnancy of make
and within this month my hubby has done
a lot of growing according to my wife to
expect up baby is not a size of a peach
lady measures approximately 2.5 to right
3 and choose at this point
baby file systems are also redeveloped
and now your paper will concentrate on
growing up motions one into a week which
is a lot baby's intestines are migrating
and she is abstinence you think about
it's really amazing that the attachments
are being me in the umbilical cords
however is being moved into the body
into the elements really weird but um
pretty cool till a pregnancy talk I
voiced my concern that basically we
spoon that Freight to get her hopes up
especially with the bleeding that in
getting which thankfully has stopped so
far so in other ways I always wondered
if there's pregnancy was going to be a
sticky one but I'm officially in the
second trimester the chances of me
having a carry is so much lower so
whoops are harder one thing that really
flexes Timnath currently in Hong Kong
that he'll be there for two weeks and
it's a shame that he was there for such
a special scan but my mother-in-law did
kill me the biggest fear is just seeing
the baby and it's like not moving and
still yeah was it such a sigh of relief
to see the baby's heartbeat not only
seen a heartbeat but being able see the
baby moving although is doing this for
this one he or she like moving around
constantly still quite hard to get a
good shot I'm not after checkup
I also got to find out that I am
actually quite anemic this time right
something that I wasn't for Isaac which
actually explains you know what I was
saying to you guys like I feel like when
I was pregnant with Isaac
I loved my radiance I had like that
pregnancy glue but for 50 runs I feel
like I didn't really have that my face
always looked like gray and green I
guess the anemia really explains it you
know how to tell you
I've been craving sugar so much this I
mind yeah I guess the anemia is the
blame for it I think I remember telling
the Midwife that that prenatal
supplements are calling serious
constipation can we give me the green
light to ditch the prenatal supplements
since you know it's been two weeks
already and she says I could go back on
when I'm feeling better and I was like
yes because there's Giants I need to
keep like three I feel like I'm so much
more backed up this time around compared
to last time for those who don't know
iron is what's causing my existing
complication as to know that I need to
be on even more iron and slightly
worried from a butthole I feel like my
belly was probably really baked because
like it was just so backed up in there I
can't believe that I'm already
experiencing an itchy coming at thirteen
weeks
I don't remember my belly's being
decision till I was around 20 weeks
without being said what I did find I was
in my appointment now I am currently 49
kilograms
I remember I was around his weight when
I was like 20 years weeks the time right
and gaining weight quicker keep telling
myself that you know what this time I'm
not even going to go for actual bone I
found myself at I didn't have a normal
size but honestly Who am I kidding at
this point luckily so far what I have
it's a mirror it all seems like most of
the weight is in the tummy as for you
please I feel like I'm starting to get
some boobs my breathing last time I was
telling you guys that I was so syllabi
food and like one is having blond stuff
my appetite is back with a vengeance and
I create anything that's fried spring
rolls Vietnamese rolls and so creaming a
lot of sugar and one way for me to try
combat this is instead of like really
having sugary foods to try to substitute
by having as much as for as possible so
even if I'm getting sugar its first
sugar for my first pregnancy
I didn't start feeling movement still
over 20 weeks like this time wrong they
say usually
if it's not your first pregnancy you
will feel movement quicker no joke
last night I swear I felt the baby not
kick but I felt movement inside my belly
so company out of breath as you can tell
and when I go to bed I I still feel like
a heaviness in my chest because I am
just not at this time Roy's know what
I'm being a prenatal work I actually I I
don't have as much energy it could be
the anemia I don't move next month were
set to do a lot of traveling I'm
challenged Hong Kong Malaysia DK Iceland
and that's the Hong Kong again one thing
that called a dynamic mind is deciding
where to give birth we realize what an
advantage it is have a Hong Kong
passport as well you know obviously can
be needed addition but you know he
expressed as you know if he could choose
he would love for the child to be born
in Hong Kong as well so you notice how
we'll get this equal benefits of Isaac's
at the child everyone to work or live in
Hong Kong in the future he or she can
and if we artists at Hong Kong as a
family I mean that we don't have to go
through the immigration - so there's a
lot of privileges in the Humanite our
Hong Kong residents the only way for
this child to be able to get a Hong Kong
passport assist the child is born in
Hong Kong at the beginning I decided
nope you know I'm just gonna let this
child be born here it's easier just
thinking of unbidden all the way over
again giving birth and being always back
with the baby it just seems too
confusing especially night as we go to
dog then I pass the buck on line and
then two months later I think it really
occurred to me that yes it will be a
hassle for next four or five months but
then last verses a lifetime maybe it
really is worth it let this moment work
I guess we're just trying to figure when
McCoy Hong Kong which is I guess beauty
and then I pregnancy but not too closely
and my tourism all will be taking care
of the dogs can will fly back as
frequently to be the dogs when he can so
it's all a complicated mess or not our
decision
is okay it's a harder way but let's have
this baby in the Hong Kong another thing
to consider is because I had a emergency
c-section the first time when you and
Asia is very section forward not that I
have any connected c-sections I had one
myself I never like to say I recover
very well but I guess if I could avoid a
major operation and you know I would
love to avoid at all cost
so yeah is going to Hong Kong am I going
to be giving birth in a public hospital
or private hospital are they going to
push a c-section again there's quite a
lot to think about this point obviously
what's most important is for me and baby
to be healthy and I am aware that the
more few sections I have the more risk
it carries for me to have the next child
I really been here it in time of Isaac
especially knowing that okay in just
half a year you know we're going to have
a new addition I guess I just really
want to use this time to spend as much
time with him as possible because he
only has other six more months of being
the only child
every day I am about it the baby my
tummy I need to does my belly but still
I'm not sure if he felt understand
courser excited but it's also a
bittersweet feeling at the same time
abyssal congestion mommy's you have more
than one child and they tell me still be
worried your loved onei doubles it
doesn't get split I think I've been more
hormonal lately our relatives she didn't
mean this you know what you're saying
and she she honestly in the heart didn't
mean to hurt my feelings
but she said I was just your second baby
so quite hurt because I was just
thinking just because that's what Isaac
it doesn't make a shell any minute
special that mum post is shaking I'm
actually worried put the time about at
me about what doesn't matter what people
think all of any really cares about is
that he and I are excited bridge health
and work with a lot of babies too much
I'm not getting emotional by the way I
know I just totally overreacted my
family is incredibly excited for a new
addition to the family I think it was
being sensitive in the moment and
especially because Tim
in Hong Kong I just wanted more
attention you know and all the way the
soon a city bowl that come here and talk
to you guys but this pregnancy
I don't know how find a lot of you guys
are for this total one so I'm thank you
so much for it not only making this
little travel special but I'm making me
feel special
oh my goodness my den has is balloon
across the road so I'm gonna have to go
and pull it back in her breast finish I
was belly shot I'm gonna Khalid a coal
does it is new anything I feel
comfortable wearing is dresses I pulled
this up you see high a little pop I've
seen belly was definitely not this big
when I was 13 weeks trying to ban but
you know it is my second pregnancy as
you feel like this time Roy my belly is
carry a little bit higher versus last
time which was much lower I hope folks
and I will talk to you soon
