are you happy to be back we happy to be
back a home-cooked meal and a durable
Sun and a beautiful domesticated life
yeah yeah you're lucky hot knowing she
good morning everyone I'm just trying to
work I win is the best time to head up
to pick up Tim I hear one of the rows is
blocked so it's trying to figure it
which is the best route I'm sorry this
is really important for you guys like it
came out today feeling really really
happy to finally have the hubby back
since you will be back and means that we
can finally a nice that I was child I 14
with already and compared to the first
time I think I am nice when I was like
11 weeks or something but yet since Tim
was in Hong Kong I just I'll be better
to have him back here before and I said
Toto about you guys but I think I had it
pretty well from vlogs I guess this is
what dur is quite easy for me to
disguise and Mikey clothes although in
the last vlog when I was making the
Korean pancake a party there were like a
colander 2/3 and I you guys know why
folks have been inconsistent I've just
been really really really tired like I
said this time round I am slightly
anemic which makes me not want to do
anything and because I thrive when I'm
being productive so when I don't have
the mood or energy to do things it gets
me daddy a big hug
hello
good to have him back hop is mostly gold
I didn't even notice he loves Elysee so
he's just being modest
we relate so I think I think is one
right now I got a half fold it looks
like a little hobo we need to wait for
Debbie you know my it's like freezing
ice bag when you get come home we make a
nice cup of tea
ah good thank you
someone's clingy today oh this is my
recipe if she doesn't have a look while
the chicken broccoli space is cooking up
I'm also going to be making apple
crumble my childhood favorite dessert
for my Lannisters if one of his favorite
dishes so I thought he might celebrate
him coming back we'll make it for him ah
are you happy to be back we have to be
back a home-cooked meal and adorable son
and a beautiful domesticated life yeah
yeah you're Nucky demolished mm-hmm
one okay oh but me
thank you my sweet kiss is still going
apple crumble come fix it I don't care
what anyone says apple crumble and
faster with custard cup in a bowl to put
this toy and I thought my toy it was
rising so much did you pay for this okay
this is a Tony Stark mark three genuine
Minnie Minnie horrible magnetic I forgot
about its neck change
my watch you don't roll
Chubby's disappeared yeah trying to make
it float for like oh we will go to
Sydney for 15 minutes maybe I need it
you don't have to touch obviously some
girls it isn't a minute leave it to me
please what were you doing broke well
she was what are you doing way worse
doing it or shipping I'm trying to like
maybe Jessica 90 go spend on this go
away and then email forgot it I saw the
girls at this I'm gonna get to work
maybe her one real one she tested this
one for me to see an impacted on eating
partner for me the aegis it's not me it
is fellow good video what am I sitting
here oh yeah I told him to bring this
back to me is amazing guys I always use
this when I go to my mom so this is like
you know my spring I have one myself but
not just like a mini one Oh
because of my other one of these tree
haunts this one I can just watch TV all
ladies know that sometimes this area can
get fuzzy guys here so it pretty much
plucked my hairs from the mini spring so
when I roll it it plucks it
I think he's gonna people sleep tonight
really
oh my goodness it's got your head honey
I think we're about to go to bed it soul
- Tim how to be patient uncommon going
to get angry and throw it in pieces
before it's closed
