I don't want it up welcome to my 9 week
pregnancy clause poor baby number 2 very
very surreal still Amin get another
spicy floss because a lot of times don't
um was two and a half or three years ago
I buy a brand already pregnancies has
been number one I guess by the time you
watch this vlog I'm getting most of you
guys many would have already known that
that Emma and I we are expecting baby
number two
well it's quite scary actually staying
unit load but also exciting sure you
guys have a bunch of questions yes I did
fall present pretty fast after the early
miscarriage in fact I fell pregnant some
months afterwards and then you know
Piper's pregnancy I need my first
principal are like four weeks and then
five weeks and instead weeks and in nine
weeks where for this one I'm starting a
little late because you know I'm so sure
if this is going to be a specific
privacy they say that after 12 weeks
your chances of a miscarriage decreases
significantly so but either way you know
I am a little scared I said you want to
look so far ahead because I guess we're
just scared to get our hopes up even at
nine weeks I'm really struggling to
conceal my belly because you know I know
they say that in your second pregnancy
your muscles are tight so you end up
showing earlier but in my case I feel
like I am the size of how I was when I
was maybe around 1415 weeks I'm only
nine weeks get to there in a bit I'm
first of all let's talk about the baby
if it was this pregnancy planned
I just think yes I knew because as you
all know we were saying that a resistant
out let it happen and it happens that
hasn't been technically and means that
we weren't really trying to not get
pregnant if you know any and even for
this one other one before it Isaac it
happens really easily fit 9 weeks and
apparently right now I'd little baby is
the size of a grape little grape
very Mexican when I graduate from
breo's speeches for this privacy I am
getting symptoms earlier and extra
symptoms that I never had before which
is totally understandable because you
know every pregnancy is different okay
so I'm first of all I'm gonna dress the
morning sickness I never have anything
psychic I was so nice about it but for
this one I mean I got it pretty early
from three and a half ways I started to
get really subsist smells like I have a
nose of a bloodhound not yet it's been
really something you know because like
to describe the morning sickness it
feels like having a high over 24/7 and
as I'm putting up your face where you
know when you're feeling really sick you
don't even like the thought eating
something is enough to making curl but
you know you must eat something or LVO
feel worse will happen so I'll eat
something and then my body will bring it
back up so it looks like a figure Asst
cycles that was in the morning that I
felt the worst and even though you know
you should get morning sickness
anytime today usually it happens when
your body goes through a fasting period
so obviously when you sleep you know
there's quite a long stretch of time
when you're not eating so when I wake up
and obviously I feel at all so what
helped for me was on before going to bed
I would eat a few crackers and then as I
wake up to do my nightly which is a lot
to say as you can much and I would munch
on a few crackers and then that's helped
my morning sickness a lot I would say
the morning sickness was the most
annoying symptom like the others I could
deal with the morning sickness were the
worst one but the thing is my n 9 weeks
and feels like the Mafia has completely
gone away so you remember in my first
trimester geez
it was awesome you know I ever said
nothing I could not whenever I could
you'll realize the privileges you get in
your first pregnancy you know when
you're when you're pregnant for the
first time your gaudiest of life but
then when you're pregnant your second or
third baby you're just pregnant again so
up Cora is going to be a little bit more
trickier you know trying to catch a nap
with a toddler but luckily tim has been
really supportive speaking of sleep it's
been it's been harder I don't notice
because I'm back here in UK in Hong Kong
obviously we aircon on all the time so I
find that in here I am overheating all
the time I wake up in a puddle of my own
sweat I'm just quite worrying because
I'm scared and boiling my baby because I
get so warm
energy-wise maybe because again juggling
with a toddler
I feel like this pregnancy and it's
sucking everything artemiy I really
don't have the mood or energy to do
anything
food-wise it's a lot better than before
like just a smell of anything just
revolted me now garlic is usually
something I would adore but like it's
enough to make me hurl these days the
only fish I could really have is bread
like really blond foods and oh another
thing of a disparity is actually I'm
creamed sweet self all the time you have
cheesecake ice cream cream puffs
chocolates every single day this time
right I find my hair gets crispier a
posture but then I think it's because
like I said when I do is that I overheat
so I am the sweating port so when I wake
up my hair is like stuck to my head
since that I'm getting pretty early this
time right is my breathing and having
trouble sleeping at night I was kind of
Isaac I think I didn't start sitting up
until like maybe five months and onwards
but now I add nine weeks and sitting up
already because I don't know why but as
long as I'm sitting up I feel like I
could breathe easier since this is not
my first pregnancy if you like mentally
I'm more calm but I wiggle I
shouldn't eat this shouldn't eat that
but this time right I'm not as worried
or as anxious as I was before
Kamath been really really supportive
usually when we go to supermarket he
will rebuke me for even having that
thoughts of buying sliced mangoes
because you know I'm excited for a
target so much more so times usually
like by a minor excitement yourself but
you know one day I was feeling really
sick and just stirring up and he was
like Jeanie anything and I was like
could I have sliced mangoes I should see
his face you know that what fresh
mangoes but then he knew I was unwell
feels like oh wait I mean okay when I
got my mind goes and to me that's the
most romantic thing ever decided no he's
about to become a big brother
I don't think so yet at the moment
sometimes out with my shirt and I'll say
hating even on a baby and he'll just
laugh and this of his own shirt and
interest classes belly you know he's
doing it kind of like my belly starts to
grow more and he people understand more
I'm going to go up to dogs but before
that let it should be guys I was very
shocked so Mike this you'd probably
think you can't even tell you're
pregnant bubs I'm sorry again I'm only
worthy shorts I swear someone's gonna
have an intervention with me someday
but they're so comfortable so I could
see the perfect shorts aligned a
homeless but if I want to like finish my
t-shirt like this you'll see that
actually I do have a little bump and
when I was nine weeks
I remember my my family did not look
like this at all
I know it's growing because I had quite
a
Sagi belly after giving birth and right
now I there's no wrinkles at all so
thank you so much for sharing with me
guys we haven't really even thought of
like baby names
the problem is we like a lot of names
that we don't love any at the moment
that you don't mind us and the people
who definitely appreciate your baby name
suggest this as well I will talk to you
guys really soon
