it has been exactly four weeks since my
last time of month know anything is my
cycle has always been every 25 days I'm
always on the dot
very rarely have I ever been early or
late give or take a day and that is
family like really like like really
weird as well feedings that's been weird
I kind of like jotted down a few days
I'm actually started from last week
elastic when I was cooking my son we
felt quite nauseous and for the past
week absolutely
speaking well at the familiar lightly
and I just been having like really weird
vivid dream makes me wonder if I am but
I'm too scared to go take a test
laughs it was when I had my burly
courage you know we found every pregnant
and later on that week table and so I'm
kind of scared to test I think today is
the day that I'm going to go get my test
so yeah see mentally prepared
I am I mean especially was discouraged
last month I'm really thankful happen so
early and in the moment we wanted to try
again but then they realize that we've
really been enjoying high life is by the
same time we were at first we just want
to take it as it is we didn't feel the
need to not try to not get pregnant but
we also didn't feel the needle we had to
get pregnant right away so we just got
let nature take its course
like I feel like I'm very intuitive my
body and my body just feel good I just
have an early miscarriage lesson so it
can be my cycle I don't like
home I think you're supposed to test if
your morning peepee and it's like almost
4:00 p.m. and I don't think I have a lot
of PE but let's do it you're annoying
and late
really scared
anything one that I think totally gonna
get my hopes up
I feel like I'm scared to be happy and
excited because of the miscarriage
happened last time so I think I want to
want to wait a little bit
time to take the last test before I see
a doctor
is it ready yeah not that I really fell
pregnant
today I am off to do a early scan the
doctor thought to be safe you know along
with the bleeding and the history of the
early miscarriage a month prior to that
she thought just to be on the safe side
monitor two pregnancies today in my
eight-week can and we will see pls minik
what about look at your photograph here
belly you want to know all the time
tonight
we were afraid to get our hopes up so we
did net ourselves thank you for because
we didn't want to be disappointed but
the second we got to see our little
baby's heartbeat speeding strong and and
monitor we felt so relieved and finally
I felt real we're having another baby
it all started off with just Gemini's
and then I became along and I guess we
have another one
on m'lip
so while you're in sight my coming yet
please be cozy and warm in there and
please go well mommy daddy I think Toby
and almost cannot wait Kamui answerde
refugee family thank you so much walking
the next big chapter of our life
together
again leave a piece
