and use your dogs dudas perfect seat
here
and he prefers to be wet behind me he'd
be so comfortable but he's been like
this for the past hour the king is back
ah one hand only one hand yeah oh wow
everybody has been given a sweetie and
bevels in motion but this guy hold up
his hand for dear life finds his circle
ah no no what does a dinosaur knuckle
Rock yeah yeah order system Amazon
because I'm just tired of his toys to
speak and like run them boxes on the
floor so hopefully hopefully there's so
many things that the Chi tear it's
definitely smaller than what I thought
it would be this always happens when I
buy stuff online never bigger in person
is always smaller totally nailing this
we don't need that interview today I
realize I did it wrong the site is on
the wrong side uh-huh this is actually
supposed to be in the site part rather
than the outside so plot to blow here
because if he's here he's like hey it's
okay we are back inside and not be happy
not if it's there Trajan can see in
Isaac's toy room I mean it's not so bad
but it could be cleaner just random like
surgeries
he doesn't care
Aker in the making Mumia party we are
having a tea party with friends thank
you everybody's having so much fun
meanwhile Lori's having a little tea
party I need some chicken congee I think
I'm gonna give tubby some cake I think
he wants to play Oh Linette he wants
cake even the fake dog has a piece enjoy
guys
I just dropped Isaac off at daycare he
goes two days a week usually when he's
on I used this new day to do as much
work for fall like I will tell you as
soon as epidemic of the flu and the
really ironic thing is supposedly that
the Monday at just passed is the most
depressing day of the year I don't know
why there's I mean no reason for me to
sometimes element lose but I did go
online and buy a bunch of baking stuff
so I figured this year and I think US
baking wanna go I get some baking
ingredients and Spain in 15
especially content being away I kind of
I've never confronted savanna made me
realize how much I fix a time feel like
distress me or consumer Roy doing a
certain is back into D days groceries
with a killer this was the reason that I
paid twenty Pines when I was in
university I was literally making cheese
bacon sausage toasty for breakfast lunch
and dinner I think roughly I picked
these up from next yeah they're not real
but in my defense if they were real they
won't last very long yeah let's go pick
up Isaac brightens up the room doesn't
it I'm going to do a little bit of
cooking because you guys have heard that
cooking is for the soul so I'm going to
be making a journey oliver meatball
recipe
let's put the camera on money and
pressure first I need lots of cheese of
mine mmm look good
good morning guys it could be four puffs
ten and I would like to make a pavlova
toppled was pretty simple to make but it
is a little thank-you gesture from my
mother-in-law has been taking care of
Isaac two days a week and that really
helped a lot
no my pens gone she has kept me
productive and seeing you know I said
Pablo is easy this is the first time I'm
making it in like in my 15 years so I'm
going to be making been so ingredients
you need six egg whites I can just salt
360 grams of pastures whoa that's a lot
of sugar to keep in the coil our one
piece in of vinegar 300 mils of double
cream that's a lot of cream I might mess
it as well and then whatever fruit you
want to decorate who I've already
preheated my oven to 180 degree Celsius
let's cut off by separating the egg
whites so I've got my six eggs here I
know when it comes to making pavlova the
really important thing is to make sure
there is no traces of egg yolks video is
what prevents it from being all fluffy
so put the egg whites in the large queen
grease-free
pool and then add some salt so Brett
pinch of salt I have my sugar ready I
think 360 grams is a way too much so got
300 I'm not sure if mommy's all over
feeling in general Asian desserts as
sweet as typical Western Desert
I usually prepare savory I wait the
cookbook that I use is called family
kitchen cookbook it's amazing the
recipes are so simple
vided oh that's my biggest fear
I made a bacon the oven at 180 degrees
Celsius 5 minutes after 5 minutes I
lower to 120 I'm going to cook for an
hour and a quarter if you look in my
face like why not set a little bit of
editing and I show you guys my Amazons
the order came in to do person is low
light limits and it's fine Nick and you
guys know Mike Nick is my hero
for those who don't know he was born
will buy any arms or legs on this really
intrigued to be hiding on each other had
a fell in love and I guess hi they you
know thought the challenges and their
way yeah some years and years ago up
always kept that with them it'll be nice
to go in Psych you'll know when it comes
on love itself as a challenge I mean
when you put in March through in
marriage and forget about it you know
marriage can be really really tough it's
people a lot of people when they get
married a lot of people at this time and
also her they think of Isis very feel
that they're opposed to I guess prompt
in to defuse a lot houses all like that
there's going to be so many moments you
want to throw them at the door you know
you'll question a lot of things after
success it doesn't take a perfect person
to find a perfect love which is
completely what marriage is about to me
the thing is when I was - like I saw on
the recommended reads and now Mama's
gone ahead unstoppable and when I saw
the word of stoppable I was like a
boiler lurch actually one of my chapters
is called unstoppable so when I saw this
I was like oh my goodness I have to get
this really really looking forward to
really see my happiness coming back at
him at their poor usually history's
really bugs me but I know a part of me
thinks this is actually really true your
thing is cute good look right no just
just me okay
instead of decorating it here I'm going
to decorate it when I get to my
mother-in-law's because it will get
soggy and I put the cream and everything
on it no unfortunately when we're
traveling here the transport kind of
like mustard
but it's okay because it comes a team on
it ah I not yet your way ah so this guy
loved it I separate your sister I feel
bad for her I say I think no only
getting tired his little belly
that little double chin the problem of I
ended up being freezing really really
nice nice mm it's usually not the
dessert I would go for because I usually
find it too sweet because I need two
thirds of the sugar off what I'm
supposed to
I made a lot acceptable for me I feel
like my eyes are starting to spike like
I've always known my eyes or shootings
but have they always been this night
guys it's wry laugh nice district Airbus
I'm sorry for mmm Tara be happy where
she go push me where's Tammy go Timmy oh
how do you get my closet good Pat my god
