in the tub and feels like okay I'll make
sweet corn cod and then my sisters like
oh I'm going to make fitna me spring
rolls and then I because the nanny was
like okay then I'm gonna make pork chop
right and they're like what are you
going to be making Lindy I'm like can I
boil rice make it you guys fresh from
head to toe off the get little brothers
are you guys good especially used an ax
would you like on that face don't be
fooled by this face guys see when he
wants to rebell he will poo all over the
floor
mopsa collect a little prince weird went
in jump some options laid behind and
happily run off the dangers bitching
like when I drop them off you like cries
on to me for life nothing really breaks
my heart but then when I'm leaving an
aquarium
Cara's not just at the end we'll be
drivers so why is that all the able
drivers they happen to be the end of you
foxy people have to hit the rent like
you're not getting here any faster
ah turn around turn around start on go
to ride I think they killed spook you
know I told you - I'm watching employees
of a florist again since it's on Netflix
watching it and that will accrue to me
how cheesy it is I think we can all
agree a lot of times when we watch
something it's not just because we loved
it then it's because it brings you back
makes me back to my youth it's always in
my dream to kick someone in the face
like this one day my friend Christina
just tied me because she said that Jaime
I'm a Hermes bug not even Chanel not a
Gucci not a product but at Elena's and
I'm like yeah but in reality and more of
a idea sandwich sift look bike slow
durable stores a lot of food
it's actually snowing guys so windy I
can see both my bins have blown over
and to a row which means I might have to
fetch it because it's blocking the road
wish me good luck so no way I thought I
wouldn't make it
that minute felt like forever today my
family are coming over and we're doing
something called potluck which means
everybody has it cook something okay so
we all get a little bit of variety oh
yeah let's do that so much fun and then
I realized all it means I have to cook
something okay it's a semi-western my
tie pasta bake lasagna pasta I can make
it but I think they were having more of
an agent all about family on the consult
I could in the time and feels like okay
I'll make sweet corn cod and then my
sister was like oh I'm going to make
Vietnamese spring rolls and then I
because the nanny was like okay then I'm
gonna make pork chop rice and they're
like what are you going to be making
Lindsay I'm like can I boil rice no I'm
sorry if boiled rice isn't good enough
let me pick up the ingredients to make
the Korean pancake totally easy but
according to my sister Nancy is not easy
as Alex my fine Avery simple recipe to
make the dream technique and I'm going
to go ahead and graph these dreams
anyway any worthless super winter -
summer coming
doo doo doo doo da derp derp derp derp
derp derp draining back home messages
raining
I think it might be the perfect time to
try to make this pajeon just so I knew
in advance and I'm going to do a bad job
on it then I won't try to make it later
for dinner I already made my dipping
sauce on the side it's just soy sauce
rice vinegar sesame seed and I'm going
to add the chili flake leader here at 72
grams this normal flour mix with half a
teaspoon of salt and scallion / green
onions and I couldn't find all I could
find our spring onion so let's see if
this is going to be okay and then one
beaten egg and the side almost forgot I
also have my squid rings in the side
Hayami I slowly add the water while
mixing it do you remember the time I was
at IKEA and I picked up a whisk another
honey we should get and then two more
like new because you'll never use it
well guess what Tim I need one and I
tells you not to overmix time I can over
mixing I'm just going to pour the butter
into my strokes just so it's easier core
later Oh is so it's really none P max
tart pan is on medium high heat and
itself if I wanted to tablespoons of oil
that's a lot of oil so usually and I
could cook with like these sprays but
gotta do it fast
it's your life I don't have a tablespoon
either so I'm just gonna taste Asian
food one let's do one and a half let's
compromise FNS has green onions or
scallions and I couldn't find all kind
of spring onions but then I read online
that green onions and green onions are
the same when you're sure it's got a
meat waste
Sunfire tell me to get enough taste like
this I didn't said it well because I was
too shocked by the oil hitting off me
maybe you guys have a different recipe
let me know I'm just being what this
recipe say and let's see so far
hola
so yeah it depends it says that one more
time
and then took it for a further 13
seconds oh it doesn't look bad
not the amount of rice vinegar and say
amazing hi
quick when is my fear what are they
going to message through so it's very
soon for the hot look
maybe because Kim's not here and I think
being away for two days today no of
course I got never alone but I've been
feeling a little lonely I thought I
would just really be cherishing this
time by myself and I happen and it has
been wonderful but I'm really looking
forward to getting I think that today a
lot of times that does make me wonder
like what would be like to go to work
everyday having people to see you know
instead of being in Europe academies
jetting up to go to work you know that
stuff because I feel like a lot of times
being a youtuber you can feel isolated a
lot of the time Anna koreff pros and
cons for both sides but then I also hear
but my family and friends and they tell
me about the horrible stories on you
know guy in front of them always
scratching their bowls and smelling
fingers then there's certain colleagues
that wear certain colognes that's like
too strong looks that was pretty funny
but then you don't want to hear it i am
i okay actually I'm good you're here
we have been craving these are like an
entire Greek this is another day
I feel really great well that we have
three floors in the house because it's a
top floor where I see my editing at the
top floor where I do my writing so
really separates my working on my living
space the Parkwood a bit addictive my
relaxed time to do research to be like
mommy don't work my children I love you
guys
