for some strange reason even though you
put a pair of socks in you end up
getting one back where does it go
already been three days since pin has
been gone whoa another NARS sheer glow
my nation's but I don't understand why
it doesn't come in a pump finger but
it's not sanitary
I guess incredibly messy is still here
I'm staying in the guest room I find
that the older that I get there the last
makeup that I'm wearing something else
I'm thinking oh you know I look amazing
I don't need a cup I love makeup you
know makeup is so fun it's a great way
to express yourself think the older that
you get as much as you've heard it
before
you really do myself almost rudimental
head through the moment there they
realize that there's so much more life
than your appearance there's so many
more amazing things in this world it's
true what they say it's not how you look
a lot of times it's how you feel about
yourself if you're talking about like
five years ago I wouldn't really be able
to lead those well by having some sort
of makeup on and no I I think there is
definitely some laziness to it but I
also know I frame a feel to just let
yourself be completely bearskins
and being able to go outside and owning
that naked face good morning guys hard
to believe it but since I've even gone
for my days already today I am having
blueberry pancakes with a handful of
fridge a colorful breakfast always
brightens up a dull day I've been
craving a cola popsicle for a while and
I notice in supermarkets always so was
that thing going to it looks like they
don't smell it anymore so the strong as
I was I bought
Google Cola and even though I didn't
really joke is cool I froze it but then
I realized I even have you free code
that doesn't piece of Fame that I hate
thank goodness for Amazon I think I
thought like like a hundred ice pops I
don't know about successes oh yes oh yes
seizing the teddy bear swing be today so
I'm beat I focus right on my
eyebrows guys I think I've watching the
Golden Gloves globe Peppa cool pink look
 the golden globe highlights and
I really enjoyed it and then I started
to see these articles pop up these
insane article saying that Ryan
Gosling's speech was not cute but rather
sexist you want to speak a good few
times I couldn't say where exactly it's
sexist
honestly I thought his speech was so
endearing so heartfelt and I don't think
he was sexist at all for thinking is
what basically he was saying that he
would not be standing here in this stage
with this award if his wife you know
wasn't taking care of their daughter
while she was pregnant I'm sure it was a
joint position for them to operate the
way they are here's the reality of being
human you know some people have to take
care of their children you know doesn't
mean he's been icing her everybody knows
that eva is a fantastic actress actress
is just one of her identity she's also a
wife she's also a mother and sister
essentially mind-boggling and I really
don't mean you realize that today I feel
like people are getting more and more
sensitive and taking words out of
context oh cool today I'm going to be
high declare my
No and the other one do I actually but
these I thought hey maybe it's going to
be warm and once again I got steamed by
British weather finally tomorrow and I
even knew getting like storm warning for
all we know tomorrow
it's probably just Aviva's inspect look
so we will find us exciting the life of
us it was a very cool day indeed but it
did not snow in fact some just offered
you two dogs to get group it's been a
while and I think someone really needs a
haircut can be started to walk into
things I think they know City on haircut
I think I really need it Oaks almost you
just press the switch
whatever the first time I have I've just
been using it to write and to do errands
and chores but I figured while they're
at the groomers I am actually going to
walk around I'm not going to buy but you
know might be good for me to take a
little walk
all right dougie he knows we are dropped
off and I will be picking them up in
about an hour or two I always feel very
bad I read team s you see them that
would still allergic at your basic foods
human has betrayed me
repeating again some teacher plan was
written beginning a lot of traveling
suit next one I'm headed up Hong Kong
Malaysia and Singapore
we need angel juice - it's really flown
by and the reason is because I'm so so
grateful to be getting so much help from
you know friends and family is becoming
a way to keep me company and of course
helping to look after Isaac as living
yesterday my metrics people burn and not
only did he bring me my groceries it
made me they are huge of question like
lately my sister's very own human well I
really haven't been up much next month
is going to be a pretty exciting one for
all over coming think you guys will join
a blog I was rejection can be nearing
blog obviously you guys already know
that I'm not really well kind of person
but if I get really close I can imagine
that being super boring
I hate parking here because there's
never any spaces okay we'll just Park
further and that will be my walking for
today which is quite depressing I granny
could easily walk more sense than I do
it in a day here a mess and I'm having a
very committee and please chicken and
leek hi should I hear that so what this
is shaking it's like completely forgot
the windows London unfit but at the
window I think I've got a concussion
maybe there will be a forum by thirty
minutes and talk to Isaac from daycare
so thinking about seeing tomorrow is
I've got to walk around without any
bottoms on like why why why why their
clothes I wear clothes when you can just
all run in your pants
so we're do some people could make it I
can I just feel peaceful interval I have
to be at least wearing my pants I also
think it's a hygiene
three being of no clothes on just seems
a bit on I panic eight literally I just
find a suite in my booty I don't know
how I'll miss Panera four but it's in my
mind I have a very boring question for
you guys but I'm really intrigued okay
ox ox it always happens okay you put a
pair of socks into the washing machine
however for some strange reason even
though you put a pair of socks in you
end up getting one back where does it go
funny cuz I undo my laundry it reminded
me of the discussion that made my girls
have today my best friend Annie's where
is that the washing machine eat it up so
my other friend Ling was like what do
you do I don't know why you should just
throw a box into the box because I'm
thinking maybe I will magically up here
and up to the night I just put it in the
cassette risk falling in a different
drawer and if I ever come across a song
I'll put it in a chore and maybe those
two talk so much but anyway can't
believe I spent like a good few minutes
talking about socks the same time what I
also want to say is life is too short to
be wearing matching socks all the time
you know what you can wear them odd
yes sir why you looking to be myself
peaceful I'm telling us who are the guys
I haven't been up to much and things
have been super uneventful and so for
the poor in cities guys actually
watching me do my laundry a little tip I
actually fold it up so I walked inside
the pair so they never separate and we
can be lovers forever like cow food
