read it go in and go in and this is a
 you know 32 Thank You Victoria and
Nathan for this book we're very excited
to read this today are you ready to read
this a night when you're sleeping
there's a party in your house it's a
pumping jumpin funky Basha when the
lights go up and the quiet on your
kitchen when the moon is shining right
so sprint jump from the football on date
on softer all night banana is a DJ he
plays the latest hits he spins a jump
see some ourselves and all the bananas
oh I don't know about you guys maybe I
just have them like a dirty mind but
something about this picture looks a bit
coconut is cheeky he makes the others
laugh few dives into the washing up and
half a bubble bath hmm alright okay so
this definitely reminds me of um you
know something that comes in a pair
shake it like a mango party like a pair
we go like an apple hey em sounds like
you don't care Isaac focused you're
missing out okay I see how cool mommies
team is cool man
how many 1 1 2 3 4 4 cheeky oh good boy
good boy I'm gonna give chubby a hug
chubby chubby isn't here she's having
time we're life going yeah
come on mommy make pancakes and make
some pancakes for breakfast
we need a mixing bowl we got one a cup
of flour a cup of milk
the cool sugar mix would you like it
with banana yeah he is starting to
really be focal lately like he's really
saying a lot of words night but they're
not complete like instead of saying
daddy you'll say a key banana you'll say
Nana but it's a really good smart card
and you really look for proper
pronunciation of words when they're
about 3 4 and I what's really great is
he's actually interested and repeating
words enjoying your breakfast from mommy
see the more I look at this the more I
think it looks like a hairy testicle you
think it looks like hairy balls
hey huh today has been a pretty long day
because I dropped him off and yeah he's
back in Hong Kong for two weeks which
sucks
and today he had quite a hard time
usually for the first few days while
Tim's gone yeah he kind of goes through
a phase which is totally understandable
a little past before we know it as I do
you miss daddy hey it looks like all of
fruit are hi the pineapple is very cool
he wears his hair in spikes he hangs it
by the microwave high-fiving fruit he
likes let's head back on you guys
yeah can you fit spot mommy
I don't think I can really get into
legend of the blue sea I think I'm just
going to have to move on the Goblin now
it's been a nice quiet night Isaac is
off to his grandmother's so I could
concentrate by doing some reading and
writing ooh that's nice thank you and
deep and go for it is the fuser look
forward to using this tonight when I'm
working on my book I have been
struggling you do Christmas
hustle-bustle
I haven't written my book a few weeks so
last night I spent hours and I wrote 100
words today I am doing a makers when
cleaning and the high school I figured I
cluttered house equals a cluttered mind
so it means a good environment means
good productivity my question is what
are your thoughts about wearing shoes
and a high social it's been quite a
productive evening kai is staying over
tonight hon as usual he took off his
trousers like do you take off your your
pants off whenever you go to anyone's
eyes when Kai shows his true self this
guy is on a non-dairy
non-gluten diet he's having late-night
Munchie so I saved him was not only a
banana but also an apple I want to show
everybody Kai sketch he drew of me
earlier
I call it forehead
really you think this reflects me it's
me running away from my problems
it feels like he's about to flash
someone this one is what am I going to
do with my life
this one is testing the water and then
this one is someone took my head off
this one is being Hadouken do was this
struggling to think out of the box no if
you just delivery mom okay inception oh
I thought I'll come to my room to chill
get some sleep I'm not annoying at all
parents were oh oh I'm incredible penis
oh I just helped my cousin achieve a new
high score you would have done it
without my penis different acronyms you
should look out for in your kids text
messages horny guy is going to be
sharing acronyms basically awesome
discreet text messaging so something
that I should look like for each six lh6
because he told me with the six sign
like and I was like Oh sex sounds like
um Oh L itch sex means let's have sex
for than before and I FOC and I f OC and
I I got I guess Northern Ireland
football I don't know you means naked em
from the computer but you think about it
is so weird back then when it was like
msn days people sat in front their
computers and their own homes right
scene I people can chat everywhere
outside their homes here's one w TT p WT
TP
mmm limit want to trade pictures want to
trade pictures can be real mm q 2c g TC
cutest cutest see naked pictures quick
to come i WS em I want die w f SN I want
some more
no oh I want sex what sex toy Oh your
toes
POS parents of our shoulder you imagine
like a wicked sitting there like talking
to the fender like sonic code code them
like mm dirty PA jo jerking off that's
all folks from Chi goodbye kids don't
learn them I hope nobody learns way to
Jo Z should reduce this wouldn't have to
see me stretch this guy used to come up
behind me Oh should use were together
used to sneak up and spoon me and then
whisper my ears in the morning which is
to go riding in a one-horse a bottle for
JT up keep bouncing bouncing I can't
take the song seriously not I don't
think I mean girls take a ring
did it win and go and this is a son you
know 32 but okay guy knows the routine
no spin again no no come on
I think I'm T what's all them did it
they did it they did it
what is erotic we're slapping your
thighs definitely her actually well what
is six wrong
don't touch me watching it has to resort
or potatoes goes legs for the feet
minor for me to live yeah organized
