your fastest best thing to wake up to
you guys my book is a bus follow when I
know we're back home I have this share
what it's like when traveling I'm coming
home with Tim everybody's accent is
interchangeable depending who you're
talking to you guys I mentioned that
basically my accent is so much stronger
and I'm back home for New York Tim
responded to the American accent by
speaking really high-pitched him in our
London connecting flight just watching
him interact with a really nice British
couple and he goes all polite yes yes
that's lovely really and then we
returned back to wait for her bus back
home and norn iron it Geoffrey was like
what's your number
I can't even spell number yeah what's
your number into the fifth part of me
apparently that's - OH 55
it was just pure gold for Tim the Beale
55 look at Cosi she like daddy's silly I
know he's on another note it was just
such a nice surprise yesterday to go on
Amazon to see my book is number one not
just best hour about number one
bestseller for teens and young adults
afee and I know I mentioned that it
doesn't matter if the biggest bestseller
or not because experience alone has
worth it and it's true but I cannot deny
jazz how happy it makes me feel I mean
that makes me a very very serious writer
I'm a serious raining meanwhile my
husband everybody
are those Assessors I used to cut our
children's shield
I was actually completed him yesterday I
like my this side of my face has been
aching nuts I feel like I've been
punched but I think today and might be
because I've just been smiling so much
we were on her we had to get some food
in New York was really really good I
don't think that we ever really had a
bad meal whatever we have withdrawal
symptoms when we don't get our and take
of rice or noodles as a philippi back
home
yeah that's always his response how does
it feel and he'll say yeah yeah yeah
means yeah my hair is so greasy but when
it's greasy it always looks really good
in a bus I got the fifty highlights a
long time ago but it was a bit too
glittery for my liking yeah since it is
a holiday I figured why not I feel like
a Christmas bauble this year we decided
to not put up our tree started off as me
saying okay I'm gonna put my tree up
tomorrow and I kept getting delayed
tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow and we've
come back from New York and it's already
like it's 17 and I felt like in New York
it was already so beautiful obsessive
there that it just feels a bit sad to
put our little tree up it's quite a lot
of effort putting all those baubles on
and then kicking it off so it's actually
the lights come with the tree
tim is doing some errands we're waiting
for daddy would you get the foot on my
little cup Oh too tight oh I got your
girl I'll stretch it out for you that's
what sisters before look at her little
nerds so cute way legit have to play I
have the tiger did we get a smile for
the photos good morning guys it's
currently 11 o'clock I am just enjoying
a nice cup of tea thank you so much my
baby sister Freitas awesome giant
Martha's she knows when I drink I drink
big yesterday I started wrapping some
presents on a Tim and I we're not really
doing a gift thing we're just gonna have
presents for the kids like nephew niece
Isaac Ayla I know people say Christmas
is all that giving and I know it's all
by the gesture yeah I feel like the
older that I get the more I realize that
life isn't about having it it's always
seeing not just being kind being joyful
I'm being peaceful but being with people
who mean a lot to you being with people
who bring like the best in you remember
life is not about having but being so
being present and not dwelling in the
past not looking too far into the future
just enjoying this
I'm making the most out of it just drop
the chocolates to give to neighbors
today Isaac's off to daycare so when it
comes back we're gonna be called your
neighbors and I'm gonna make him be the
one to get the presents because I just
want to teach him the beauty and giving
I don't want them noting that Christmas
it's just all but I get I get I get I
want him to realize just how nice it
feels it gives someone something I have
something to show you guys which is
which is pretty loyal to me at least
Stephanie is the CEO of Style Network
she's always been so nice and thoughtful
I'm just gonna go ahead and show you
guys I actually didn't get this till the
day after even and I remember opening
the bike I'm seeing this box of making
no tiara Lindy every girl needs her good
luck shoes Congrats on the book death
I've never been gifted a pair of shoes
before and never mind
could she he's such a thoughtful gift
thank you so much Stephanie I remember
just thinking wow you know they're
beautiful are they gonna fit prising Lee
it's sitting my exact shoe size I have
no idea how she find out anyway I felt
like I was like a drama yeah I just need
a special occasion so I can wear these
isn't amazing what heels can do to your
legs
Arlie this is a new way to put in a scar
practical and fashionable not really
like mother like daughter
Nina is served
I made a smaller portion so mum come
bring back ririki
good morning it is currently I think
it's currently about 11:00 or something
I'm just getting the kids ready because
instead of having Christmas dinner this
year we're just going to do Christmas
lunch with this purely because Ella
sleeps early so dinner just doesn't
quite work out in our favor like a dress
from Grandma
