okay Isaac that's enough stop bullying
me food for the dog it is boss
he sounds like a like a look at that
score let's change your nappy wait
what's up with him today someone's
cranky what are you doing baby
I think the doggies can feed themselves
you're so evil
are you gonna tidy from mommy okay just
ignore me I think no no stop it don't do
that made boys over flowers is my
Netflix so guess who's watching it again
oh you're just jealous it's like this
and then this I used to be so angry when
I was younger cuz I was like why can't I
be Jandy okay I think that's enough
without bullying right but for the dog
okay I think it's okay
the dog can grab it themselves okay or
just not listen to me
I think I would like to have a burger
seriously don't get the Iping treatment
oh oh thanks a lot thanks for the dog
food good boy I love our mommy I'm mommy
come eat it for whoa whoa okay enough no
more look this is hard we're spending
New Year's gone are the days when we go
and drink ourselves crazy you don't know
about you guys but we were well asleep
before midnight actually um yeah I think
maybe it's the fact that we're no longer
in our 20s or maybe because we're
parents nice so um yeah by 11:00 we were
exhausted but it's okay because I don't
feel like we miss anything it feels just
as amazing to wake up to 2017 now I
don't know if 2016 has been a good year
to you or not but hopefully it's a year
you developed a lot of personal growth
and strength just continue to treat
every single day like new year because
as long as there's tomorrow there's
still a chance for you to become a
better person
um you know as long as there's tomorrow
there's an opportunity to love to learn
yes I'm just going to stop being corny
here well I am look do you think it's
deep I can see better to not I think
you're very wise and they haven't you
should be a philosopher thank you
yeah really looking forward to 2017
looking forward to just creating more
memories hopefully continuing to learn
Lots so many amazing things happen we
managed to move into this home we got to
visit the schools that we built together
as Sal : Asia was amazing doing the tour
raising more money to build more schools
you know doing a campaign and being in
the back of bus um writing this book
launching a makeup palette and just so
so many opportunities for me to learn
play this year continue to be inspired
and hopefully to inspire others we are
about to catch some TV and I got like
grapes here I'm like usually I do like
grapes but I'm like craving sweet stuff
so much lately that I'll take the grapes
and I love anything that's crunchy and
cold and sweet mmm you guys hear that
honey I don't know what you're doing but
I'm running low my grapes which means
that hung off in the smack on my wash
Westworld this is so nice sitting here
with two dogs side-by-side this is how
you spend New Year's yucky I love he got
my butter in the pan pancakes for
breakfast any of your watching thank you
so much for this so this was actually a
Christmas gift from Annie and I think
it's called this a snood and I'm just
obsessive it it's so good I don't want
to take it off like I do everything with
but even a home and it's perfectly warm
it comforts me I really like it if I my
side like when Tim does the fart I just
go sometimes when I feel like oh I can't
be bothered of life I'll just cover my
face
someone's cold that it's not me what do
you need I never get sick of the Bieber
was your believer yes ma'am I want to
get like a nice print for our house my
farm is pretty nice
no like a abstract Geographic print for
the living room
how long are we going to reverse there's
so many more things I need to get
fertilized with Anna I feel like loving
we need for the whole Juanita want to
get to the money
use the right words please what I said
you scissors there's if I watch this and
you said you want no you said you said
you said need thank you Appy Wow pick on
me okay very happy I guess he's watching
Capital Classic so my brother-in-law
told me that Catbus actually had balls
so I'm just waiting for it hmm I was too
quick look my cousins and I used to
actually walk around my granny's patch
of plums and do this where's the balls
where's the balls where's the balls
there's a cat bus
more try for it guys I don't know what
the cat was actually kinda creeped me
out then I look soft and there though
doesn't it
we haven't seen doctor we have to watch
it's a classic you have to water along
with Laputa okay balls oh my gosh
balls cat balls balls okay I can diet
piece
