Christmas Eve who watches home alone
every year Merry Christmas
did you get sad Christmas it's Christmas
daddy kisses mommy good someone got this
there's actually a game that adults play
what happens is everybody puts in money
right and everybody takes a turn of
stopping the knife and whenever the
pirate shoots up that person gets all
the money
we were saying that basically I'm not
big fan of marshmallows well at least I
don't like eating on his own and he says
he doesn't like it either because they
remind him of sweetens company girlie
night with my sister I'm telling her at
the same high school to mate and I'm
helping her Klee right all her quotes
because she's in London now so need to
make space for mums clothes
man I missed being in the same high
school so funny
Mia one of the the big dogs here decided
to hide and giant like Turkey drum drum
stick it's like a drumstick or like a
leg it was it was huge it was pretty
much like a quarter of a turkey with an
enormous Mia headed right April bit this
is so funny she was so mad Oh see it's
actually really cute that she hit it I
don't know whole entire house she picked
April's bed right on the pillow we're
looking at these soft they're so
pointless they've got to look
that's such a waste of time putting on
the morning like this see this is for
open-toed shoes
maybe but what's the point what's the
point wearing socks and open-toed shoes
hmm and that just looks like underwear
oh these aren't so bad so pointless
you're kicked
I must being back home watching my
sister my mum are you actually they're
not arguing they just scream at each
other go on eight talk and it's just
hard to communicate yes I know what
keeps giving us new clothes a sound for
mum if all that you have a sacrifice
myself yeah I'd rather I rather
sacrifice for you yeah I see that's your
front if you didn't have a a nerd shirt
I would not know that's your front so
you know you know to never wear it the
wrong way and it's cute I don't even
need to buy candy come here then my mum
will give me your stuff yeah let me see
Oh actually really cute though I think
they're really cool me it'd be dirty and
like a day oh geez what are these in hun
bikes and then there's eight more bikes
out there
feels like ages since I lifted a camera
and let's feel like unit time like after
Christmas tilled a new year it's a very
confusing time like weren't where are we
like what's happening I think especially
because just leading up to Christmas and
everything I guess quite exhausting so
usually people like to use a between
time to rest as much as possible as you
guys know I went back to stay over at my
parents for a night and it was mainly
I'm sure reasons one reason was my
sister's back from London so I wanted to
spend lots of time of her and secondly I
I had a little tip with him like a
little Marlton I thought I was the only
one but less until I kind of like
briefly mentioned my holiday blues on
Instagram that I realized actually a lot
of people get as well we sample we
actually am extroverted because I have
no problem starting up a conversation
talking to people that I don't really
know I nobody is completely introverted
or extroverted you can only be more one
of the other but I am definitely more
introverted when I'm with large groups
of people for a long period of time it
actually strips my energy and I end up
feeling very emotional and drained
obviously in a Christmas period you'll
see large groups of people and you know
for a night or two I'm fine before like
a period of you know a week or so and I
don't get any solitude time to myself I
actually get pretty emotionally stressed
sometimes my behavior comes across up
antisocial but it's just because I need
that little bit of a long time from me
to recharge again Tim could tell
something was wrong with me and yeah he
was just like maybe you know you should
take a little break go see your family
and just recharge which was what I did
and it was exactly what I needed
thinking back it was quite funny because
obviously I was just being like a little
Grinch
so can look like you know you should
leave this house get some space and I
was like you should leave the night make
you look like no one is me you should
leave this house now
like you should leave this house and
then he'll like fine and then I was like
I don't want to stay in this house so we
ended up staying at my mother's Friday
night and it was exactly what I needed
to recharge as a keyword you know a bit
of baking whilst this is sort of like an
on baking dessert so I've got
marshmallow butter Mars bars in there
and I just melt it in the hop so now the
recipes have gone in we only put
marshmallow on one half
