morning from London it was really good
an airplane within traveling since early
our Samba here in Newton and I am ethnic
could a feel of scribers so thank you
for saying hi headed off to our nephews
first birthday party he's so cute I want
one
you get this together party and we're
ready to head back to Cal this is first
time sitting on a London train Oh
/ guy he's actually got a cold
we on a tree tree rice pieces on hey are
you ready go to sleep wow oh this is
that for mummy Oh pinky you must be
tired on day for this little guy today
hello common garden beautiful finish
watching The Lion King I thought it was
really really good
come on baby get expectedly exactly like
a cartoon it was gift have to say I was
very curious I like a musical to portray
animals so impressed I think I feel
prepared wicked but I think lanky was
really good
keep all three omit because the music
looks like good morning from London
we're here and it stood we're just
wrapping a quick breakfast
I just love London I don't know what it
is if it is atmosphere or a people
actually funny it's called a military
development I also always become and
it's like we are not walking winter
wandering hands really cut a night for
here at the Monday afternoon or it would
be completely packed reminds me member
back then of JFK jewelry
the market here so much better than a
market from our market back home
beautiful here but yet you know the
Canadian I don't care it's coal feel
like we need to walk because we've been
eating a lot a lot after a long day of
walking we're going to grab a long walk
to your Uranus plate called smack smack
and it's supposed to be famous for its
lobster Oh
so we shall find out hi okay thank you
oh I do these pictures and I never
really been to everyone I don't know why
laughter that is Matos cucumber avocado
Mayo and mine
we got the classic which is basically
Lobster all the way
I want to eat clear focus is let me eat
but we it the roll is toasted perfectly
morning to Facebook today is actually
the first day of winter and I got so
confused because going to school I was
taught the months December January
February is what jerks always thought
that the first day of December meant it
was Wonder but actually it isn't today
is the first day of winter and today is
sorry I just went up to flights of
stairs so instead today 21st December is
the very first day of winter I want to
know in a comments
did you guys know that I want to show
you guys something I did for a band June
Judy we're supposed to be in November
but because on the day of the event we
had to travel live however Tim and I we
did submit a video of us doing a little
bit of dancing a mind we only have quote
I would say about two minutes of our
practice before filming the video
because it was such a last minute video
you're ready oh okay
anybody remember you supposed to jump
after me
look it up what do you think any guesses
guys let me know in the comments what
regime this is I'll give you a hint it's
from a classic sitcom Wow here is Tim
playing with a giant sausage you're
really good at it okay we put a ton on
my way out to grab some last-minute
presents
I believe Tim because for my side of the
family everything was sorted out well
early actually asked him do you need my
help getting the presidency like new who
it's okay I'll sort it out and then when
we would go shopping I would suggest oh
maybe you know blank wit like this or
maybe blank we like this and he's like
no dough is fine tomorrow is Christmas
Eve
guess who needs my help much as I like
the holidays I realize how stressful it
is actually to do shopping when it's so
busy and to get a parking space but on
the plus side was really really great
I'll buy shopping at this time is
because there's more people going I I
bump into a lot of you guys so it's been
really really nice seeing all of you
guys so thank you so much for taking the
time to say hello here comes a traffic
let's name five gifts and you're almost
guaranteed to get for Christmas socks
slippers bath set bathrobe PJs you've
never really made five you guys need me
the other popular things that you get
for Christmas
there's no weird highlight for a lot of
people it's like oh it doesn't feel like
Christmas please please let there be
spaces
oh gosh man all the cars I guess some
person just left go see the parking
prayer works like I'm in a space already
guys sweet best day ever back on the
road again
I managed to get all the stuff I'm
really really really really low on
petrol I just hope I can make it back
home I don't know about you guys but
some people are very easygoing when it
comes to presents but for me like I
think I put too much of myself in it
like I really try to put myself in their
shoes so I kind of stress out whether
Adele like a nama gets a gift at the end
of day it's all but the thought yeah I
think I over think presents a lot so I
make it really complicated
every Christmas it's kind of like a
family ritual for us to go to a
restaurant called old Inn so we're gonna
be having our Christmas dinner there
okay cut the petrol I feel good again on
my way back home night and we catch the
rapper's I am this tight
they're gonna rip it open anyway the
thing is it's a box I should have no
excuse for this like everybody had and
then the guy that could all scrunched he
scrunched it when he got angry earlier
but there was no brother this guy you to
get my dining and he won't want to have
any other food but he likes to free
stuff like the bridge for my meeting I
have the better bladed beef
Tomas venison also call Bobby but I'm
not any better
I am mo Cong sana don't don't force
yourself
sauce was Tommy pudding yeah was bought
for you
it's Dooku when he does it but when I'm
like and looks silly
Oh Merry Christmas
