beep you're putting it up I don't see
you put it at all whoa I put it with you
I think that's enough I am craving where
are they I'm with the physic runny bugs
on in my parents whom they have like a
big box in them so I took a packet on my
hey granny it's okay imma take this and
she was like yes of course
you're dog food did you know to go my
granny also gave me like a bunch of
modern tend to be except my granny's
biggest fear is a hungry grandchild
rather have not been too great lately
and I can see chubby and Dumbo looking
at me because they want to be warped but
we must wait until the rain stops
yesterday I was going through some
emails and I'm so bad at my
correspondence got email from McKenney
and Kenya hope you don't mind me sharing
this because actually I was really
appreciated I called any email me and
I'll actually cuz I'm Kenny told me that
we actually have a mutual friend Kenny
is really sweet and I learned that in
the email that he is a fellow Bob
scrubber to my channel mention that Bob
I noticed lately your videos haven't
been performing too well I'm taking me a
link that would might explain why so I
wanted a link and basically the link has
been saying that YouTube's algorithm has
been constantly changing it just is
basically that back then um YouTube the
treadmill look like this where the
youtubers the night of the years have
gone on specially now it's like this and
basically it's quite difficult to keep
up unless you post content every day as
an independent youtuber it's quite
difficult to have content every single
day
so Kenny suggested a possibility I think
of Tim uploading videos or just having
more frequent videos anyway obviously I
knew that flogging is a new era you say
is when you have a day or two before our
videos to shine before it disappears
again actually repair cameos like
anything
much for your email needs a lot that you
have the both families as interest in
mind kind of mention it briefly before
and daily vlogging like I know how to
make dicey songs being able to watch
your favorite family every single day I
guess for us that the Bob's family daily
vlogging just isn't something that isn't
even an option that we want to consider
we like my life is we just want to added
pressure personally seen fellow daily
bloggers and the strain of brought to
their lives in their relationships we
just want to get to that point and we
feel like we have more than enough for
us to live a comfortable life I feel
like we're blessed more to be desert and
we're happy with how things are and
enjoy sharing like doses of happiness if
you guys but we also enjoy being able to
have I guess like a normal life because
no you choose is extraordinary it's the
main thing and everything that happened
these nine years all of that is
extraordinary but the same time it had
to give my family somewhat of an
ordinary life just some of the end you
know we will want to keep as much of
that as possible sometimes I do talk to
my husband about this but the
possibility of blogging more and we
always end up agreeing that there's no
point earning all this money if you can
even enjoy it
hmm personally I noticed logging
families who are happy doing it well my
manager well I applaud them for it's
just not something that I'm able to do
it's amazing how they can like put the
time for everything in don't worry about
the books family in terms of you know um
news and money whatsoever honestly I
have stopped caring of I views alone
long time ago I'm really really happy
with - but I love the relationship I
have in my fellow fellows family just
kind of offer more and more people want
to come watch then I invite you all they
joined us about family because we're a
really friendly Bunch
in terms of being more popular it's not
it's not like a big deal to us anymore
yeah three guesses to what this is
do I have it first guess three two one
first guys no second-guessing stuff nope
third guess and you lose the prize you
just lost the prize what is this very
nice thank you very nice yeah look at
that little cheeky smile so cute right
I'm done that's me what we were one like
this the other side lose piss look
there's like ludus bees on that side are
you just really leaving it so not only
did you separate the three of us into
three separate photos I am not lying art
this is not included whole time you come
with me know if it's possible to
suffocate someone or this by I notice
I'm in Buffalo what an accumulator an
apology you can see the photo from any
angle nerve like is the same photo
because of it as oh really
it's murder you beep you're putting it
up I don't see you put it off oh I put
up with you I think that's enough I'm
ready oh really mean and I'm back up Oh
three whole business
Bigfoot by the party wall dinner an
earner Dan Internet
did you have to be shirtless here we
gained it I could draw some pics worried
if you want and this guy is going to be
building his TV unit this came in the
mail today and it's so cute amber beauty
it's so nice
thanks guys looking forward to seeing
you on Friday
baby are these a trick I Kyla you finish
your breakfast
we're back at IKEA Tim needs to drop by
again to pick up a table um and figure
it's a good opportunity to bring Isaac
as last time we came here we'll vardaman
we feel really guilty mmm
one each this one studies
okay why what it looks like like a
little green
I just give you the middle here there it
is the arrows thank you
Wow another one
okay Piercy in it pretty yay
another one mommy jump on it yeah he's
made it all the way till the end one
more
