your massage is a service that you would
a massage I know so a bump in geni Oh
see how fast kids forget hey he watered
it earlier and I was like nope
God I can give you some later when you
get some Isaac he's a jelly jelly again
Danny
he tries dan glioma color silly
hey yeah it's red I think Joey is his
most favorite dessert in the world why
cuz that's the study's most favorite
dessert in the world
we're quit mommy hi ah
lately I've just been occupied like of
any spare time that I have instead of
using it to edit I've pretty much just
been writing and I hope that's okay guys
just because now I'm really running on a
deadline
so every wake up its submit soon so
words it's been going really well but as
I say to you guys when I'm winning in an
area of my life other parts tend to lag
behind and my vlogs just happen to be
one of them either way I hope you guys
have soap in and join the vlog even
though they haven't been as frequent
massage Hey massage yes massage is a
massage
at the back oh this guy loved Lou and I
sneeze so he's extra happy in the
morning when my sinuses accept the post
here you go downstairs you want toast
hmm do you want pancake yeah pancake
pancake hey thank you so much for trying
you're doing a great job little brother
is over and he's gonna make us all some
breakfast be sure to make a sandwich
Pedro thirty minutes to come here to
make a sandwich when he has a kitchen
downstairs and his own home the big
belly oh but barely
yeah you are on her way to pick up mom
and dad just thought if we're gonna pick
that up to go to Ikea woman every time
like
later the matter what we're doing it's
like they called mom and dad see if they
want to join us why not
that's really really close to his
parents he was actually saying to me you
know hi like me right I'm actually level
of mom I don't like I'm a buck or
anything for a laugh level and at the
beginning I like hey but then actually I
think I really like a good Nike
assigning him lolly tries to look for a
table I feel bad feel like I'm cheating
on Isaac because this is Isaac's
favorite place on her especially when I
see an arrow he's been staring like this
for a while
and I'm having so much fun what it felt
like to be a year ago this guy can't buy
anything over my insert either get a
gloss finish or I might finish I've no
other choices people john-boy hold on
I'm gonna get a 180 my forty a bicycle
bench oh we didn't even look at legs
that was SS but it looks like we got
ditched
I'm just designed its own table do you
feel like an architect
and then I got like that hey I need a
girl late summer before light I turned a
half fun should we get it with before we
don't have one in my kitchen you need
one over Chinese yeah we'll use
chopsticks this guy's trying to get a
floral um but because of the way the
ceiling like slopes you need to make
sure that it's under 120 30 130 so he's
using me as a human ruler when he was
looking at the lights I got so bored
that it was like literally nothing every
candle I was like and then I run art
gonna take loan maybe I good tables
again hey here's a question guys when
you imagine a giraffe wearing a tie
do you imagine at the top of the neck or
the bottom of the neck and we say at the
bottom of the neck no I'm feeling ever
so guilty because I feel like I'm really
neglecting you guys in the comments I
would love to know what you've been up
to at least I won't feel as if you know
I'm so far away love to hear what you
guys been up to
how you been feeling lately and my
facebook like every single day I've been
seeing these horrible means those
shocking Pig is it's I've been seeing my
own friends share these memes which are
obviously not funny usually you know
it's someone with a disability or
someone who's obese so as you can see
this one says Michael says he would meet
me behind this tree for a bit of fun
can you tag Michael so what you'll find
is people tagging like you know Michael
or Dave or
Rebecca or whatever it just makes me
really angry that these people are
ridiculing these poor victims and sure
it seems funny but what if your picture
was used and there's like thousands and
thousands of birds
people sharing your picture and laughing
at you I actually went through the
comments and I was looking I was
scrolling us rolling just hoping that
someone would say shame on you and I
couldn't even sign a single comment if
you guys have been seeing this in your
facebook like please don't share you
don't need to tag a David you don't need
to tag a johner whatsoever
I don't know Lizzie personally but I
know of her and you know I've watched
her talks and I think she's such an
inspiring beautiful lady I'm really
proud of her response today means she
was very graceful he says no matter what
we look like or what size we are at the
end of the day we are all human and
after you keep in mind the next time you
see a viral meme of a random stranger at
that time you might find hilarious but
the human in a photo is probably feeling
the exact opposite spread love and not
hurtful words
