of course while the PK is still very
very strong however I've been I'm
already suppose that this is Tim's idea
of movie night let's do an experiment to
work invisible Tim just called me to the
living room and when I loved her living
room basically this was what I saw oh
thank you
and then there was flowers
I've never gotten birthday balloons
before Oh as usual for my birthday all I
really want is a card
Isak pump the balloon yeah
always easy eating out with someone as
special as Isaac so min even Radhika
theater mean 10% problems
I think this mitts up for it all I'm not
a very big dessert person but the NIA is
do you love mummy yeah
kiss kiss mommy you give him a kiss good
boy
are you gonna kiss daddy no I walk into
the office and this is what I see what
are you doing babe this is cool people
love the mermaid ones but this one's a
shark I'm getting eaten by a shark
flap flap it's called a shark II
actually supposed to be fries it good I
don't think Julie's it's all of it is it
hard to walk in
we just had someone come and stole
something for him what the heck I know
Isaac we do this
oh I'm going to take off all this on
this soon it was nice knowing you I just
want you know I believe in hope
and then I woke up to pee and then go
back to bed to turn them die for you my
dreams are but I was a dream yes in real
life hold ever happen what a surprise
looks like we have another bouquet today
happy birthday oh oh
Ling thank you so much they're beautiful
really really excited because we are
headed off for dinner and I'm just so
craving rice noodles right so you don't
also know at all bunny just the perfect
comfort food when it's so cold I said
and you have this big bowl of rice
noodles with the perfect soup base row
stuck on top
Oh afterwards we'll be watching Harry
Potter in the hot water and then
afterwards we'll be watching fantastic
beasts I've heard a lot of great things
of it this movie so really excited call
me immature but there really is no
graceful way to eat a banana oh I have
something to show you guys holy in my
hey first of all thank you so much to
the team a pencils of promise they sent
in just like a little birthday gift and
you guess what's inside tada
so as you can see they are makeup
brushes and they actually painted it
themselves so it looks like a pencil I
think it's such great symbolism because
obviously it's the beauty community that
said me it's beasts five schools happens
so really really special
so actually story about the guy that
delivered this this parcel opened the
door and it was quite a tall bloke and
that guy was like is your mommy here and
I was like oh actually I am the mommy of
this house and then he said what you
must have been like thirteen when you
had your kid and I was like actually I
just turned thirty yesterday I was like
yeah you know I sleep in a refrigerator
to keep myself young
any laugh and it's like oh how do you
have even reach the shelves got to a
point on our conversation where it kind
of got just kind of awkward and I was
like okay thanks bye you're the thing
about us petite people we we might be
little okay we may look cute some people
may think we look adorable cute and
innocent but trust me I think I can
speak on behalf of most other short
girls out there that short girls can be
absolutely lethal in a nutshell you just
don't want to piss off a short person
because the scary thing about short
people is they're so little you can't
even you can't even see them coming
because we're so small or shall we move
really fast you cannot find us the same
way because we go for your ankles we go
for your knees will pretty much just
head but you know crotch be scared what
I'm talking about
with just a hole from watching fantastic
Beast
what did you think very good Lizzy
looking forward to but I didn't think I
would enjoy more than Harry Potter and I
can really say it was an excellent movie
and I just love Eddie I think he's such
a great actor it's like my third
birthday celebrations I feel like
special America girl today this is sad
OSR misses Lena
we look at all hot see how my own
balloon make me decorated they super to
you I need is being I on a Friday night
another pressure
don't hit me your East it and he's
really good at this just a party girl
guys ready to eat I'm just joking sleep
is called panini and actually the really
cool thing is cook your own food in a
hot zone basically so that's the core of
this restaurant
ah
this is me midweek on sugar butter yeah
I had such an incredible make evening
you know the girls just had really great
conversations and it's been so so long
honey Lisa and yannis if you're watching
me thank you so much for making the
night perfect for me and thank you
especially to Annie for organizing this
feeling really really lucky and it makes
me realize that we should do these get
togethers more sometimes we get so busy
with life but you know my friends are
important I've had not like the older
you get the fewer friends you will have
but with those four your friends like
those are really solid friends that you
will help her life by compared to 19
years old when I was more of a social
butterfly
compared to know I definitely quality
over quantity
to finish off such a perfect night I'm
just want to do a little bit of writing
because that's a black movie speed age
good night game situation it is crucial
to have that peashooter football that NK
is still very very strong however I've
been I'm already there this is Tim's
idea of movie night I thought we were
watching Harry Potter this is already 30
minutes into the movie let's do an
experiment to visible
nothing works
