like having two 15 year old having a 20
year old in your own box
it's been a few days since the cat
incident which was weird
my goodness for the wrong cause I smell
felt like wherever I went I could still
smell the cat in the house and Tim
thought I was just being paranoid and
then I noticed even when I'm outside I
still smell a cat Tim realize the reason
I kept smelling the cat was because I
stood on its cat poo so that's why
everywhere I went I was like I smell it
I'm not friends with any more marks
marks the coat Maxo cat who named the
cat month
like do you name your cat like I don't
know like Sebastian fluffy like that I
love my neighbor
okay he's an awesome awesome awesome guy
and I'm sure Nakata's it's cool cat
craftily manages all marcsa Tim max is a
typical dog name it was with the
has to be even we myself critics amazing
it would be Chinese in these loud
looking a lot of mustard it's not
mustard for loop its male the special
type of honey me you with children my
tummy feels warm day is Saturday and Tim
and I are going off to do a little bit
of Christmas shopping not for each other
but more just totally trying to find
stuff for family members
oh hi I envy people with natural so boys
who can just shape them so they don't
have to fill it in when I need to go it
it just happens to be that the bras are
the most important and also the most
time-consuming all right they don't even
look like sisters they look like distant
cousins yeah yeah yeah go Tim started to
call me bubs I'm kind of glad cuz for
like a whole year he's been calling me
babe he is great when you're like
sixteen seventeen eyeliner should i why
not come to a point of my life i just
gonna be bothered to put eyeliner do I
need eyeliner Morrow I'm doing an early
birthday celebration when my family it's
not really celebration I just kind of
wanted a chance to get together my
family where we can just chill you know
to be honest I'm calling it pi night
because we're going to have pie and then
we're gonna be playing board games
hi I'm working best birthday ever
grocery shopping
but I don't want mine goes I went my
mind goes sliced and a sip lot like but
princess I figured a tree looked really
blonde so I wouldn't got some red
bubbles and now it looks magical thank
you for dinner honey
the one tuna we have chicken cubes and
fish fingers and chips yay like every
child's favorite dinner ever
Oh mmm yep I get it
everybody wishes they can find someone
who looks at you the way she looks at
food this is Tim's weakness he loves
watching I'm a celebrity get me out of
here
what's up the dramatic music
me happy birthday to you
yeah I want this side only two more
hours until I am 30 years old my
twenties are going to be officially over
good boy
I'm 30
ah - you're having a twenty-year-old
in your own ears here for lunch
Wow so city there's actually a lake
outside I can see a swollen over there
as well oh yeah
well I think I've been craving for ages
and tim has beeps dragon off its feather
blade beef i'll tracking off okay sorry
lottie's puzzle spikes actually is it
what is this like I always say the right
report identity is like a little copy in
that I breath you know kids saying they
don't my kids but it's actually really
nice hadn't really cutter lady came up
behind me like I'm sorry dear I just
want to see two feet behind so she loved
it the pond I was like it's my birthday
today and we're like oh my boobs could
have played more Fiji and touch each
other apart next week she's like so oh
but I'm step see a baby who's Boston
good yeah so the two choices shopping
yes switcher fee since I know that doll
most birthday is end of November and I
know that Chubby's birthday is I think
somewhere in December I decided that
I'll just give them the same date which
is the sick of December which is my
birthday it's like a little cake but
then it's called like doggy treats
surrounding it
we're going all night I got it specially
ordered are you gonna be how much how
much doesn't it especially ordered what
the worry David about any time
he's right Pam finds each happy birthday
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear
khalida volou happy birthday to you they
don't know what's going on what's
happening
oh yeah and like we're just gonna give
them my slice a day cuz there's no way
they can finish one each shall be able
to wash it after lunch Tim and I came
home because it was so rainy I didn't
feel like being outside and chopping she
all know got back sighing happy birthday
with the dog and laid bed and watch TV
and yeah I don't know I don't know it's
like to a lot of people it's probably a
very pitiful birthday but I had a really
nice day I I woke up and just felt so so
much love and you know sometimes like
when you hear people saying oh you know
birthdays it's so superficial you know
people who don't even speak to you
anymore are their birthday messages
don't mean anything but I don't see it
that way
you know especially for people who
haven't seen in like maybe like 10 years
for them to still type happy birthday
even a simple happy birthday it really
does me my day and I really appreciate
it
I'm officially in the 30 club and I feel
pretty pretty good about it you know and
my twenties was an amazing decade you
know I spent this time just really
discovering myself and trying new things
and but I'm 30 and I've said this before
I don't feel like physically I'm at my
I have a few more sunspots and nines and
stuff but I can really say that I feel
so much more comfortable in my own skin
than I ever did before
and it is how you look it's mostly how
you feel about yourself I have no
complaints 29 has just been an
incredible year I had three main things
that I wanted to do before 30 and I've
done two of them so for four so four so
far one of them is the mission to build
more schools and thank you to everybody
for helping this come true if you guys
don't already we've raised over 120
thousand dollars all thanks to you guys
for your help whether you got a formant
or they go to palette or by donating so
thank you so much for making this a
reality and I'm so sure the children are
going to be absolutely chuffed so the
school's was one thing and then another
thing was of course launching the
eyeshadow palette everything I am still
working on it whatever optimistic that
in the next six seven months I would
have completely finished writing this
book in it it would hopefully be ready
for launch so so many blessings
way more than I deserve so I'm I'm
incredibly grateful of course to be able
to spend yet another year with you guys
by my side and I know for some of you
guys you've been busier now I obviously
you're growing up with me obviously so
life gets busy and I just want to say
thank you so much just for just dropping
in to keep up with me and if you're a
new subscriber I want to say hello and
thank you for finding me tim is off to
collect Isaac and then later we're going
to have a nice family dinner together
there's no better way to celebrate them
with food right
hi
we're headed on for dinner although I'm
really wondering where Tim is taking us
I'm guessing itself is over there is it
there my goodness
pillbot Tim pasta carry Isaac all the
way over we're not getting on a boat are
we bad are we getting on a boat the boat
Oh interesting
okay good boy
