oh my goodness oh my oh my goodness for
the run cars why is her copyright
I have a question guys do you think that
when you wear something that's tight
like a pair of stockings or tights or a
pair of leggings you find that you're
more guffy I think it's because I've
been wearing these fitness legging visit
my I think I know why I've been a little
bit more gas here and he's like well if
you know why then make it stop where I
think about it more I'm sure this is the
case dolls types bottoms make you guess
I'm not really getting much information
it goes on to buy bloating which is
linked I guess but I want to ask you
guys so let me know if T I order some
stuff for two kids for Christmas this
one's actually for Isaac but as you can
see it arrived with the Box completely
opened which is not good so hopefully I
can return it because who knows that
parts are missing I got a vanity little
set for my niece because she's so girly
and she totally loves strolling up it
refuses to wear anything that isn't pink
and purple by choice so I thought this
year I'll get her a little vanity kit my
nephew he loves to play pretend a lot
usually like chef stuff but I find out
he has most like cooking really the toy
so maybe this time he can pretend to
work in a post office my kids love
pretend toys hmm you guys know Isaac
likes paw patrol but I'm I'm thinking of
returning this because he's just gonna
fall off this this is a lot more
flimsier than I thought
my eyes oh my oh my goodness for the run
bars oh my goodness - good
oh we are so confused any logical
explanation is my first of all we notice
that our neighbor's cat we actually saw
this cat when we're getting ready to
leave the house so a must of when inside
a house and you didn't know and you lock
the door this is Dave's car though
oh yeah looks like it the thing is this
car actually always hangs out in my shed
pretty much Donald with the Isaac and
done will be barking like crazy and then
a cat's just watching our neighbor isn't
home you know what you get scrubbed yeah
I know today oh yeah yeah use a bird
smacking the smut smack smack him off
Oh kitty come on oh wait there's a
number on this beer come on kitty
okay eyes a copy copy mommy yeah papi
mommy didn't dinner touch the card don't
touch it cut he's so intrigued with a
cut look at him
I don't even know if it's okay if you
can milk you know sorry D if you're
watching this if you know he says the
owner just got it's amazing is it
the cat knows cuz I actually open the
door and I was like hey Dave and then
max the cat immediately just walked out
of our house she a better tree huh daddy
daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy
daddy we put our Chia know why you did
good get together yeah I was so prepared
I bought at one day after either Boxing
Day or New Year's Day last year yep I
bought a whole year I love a horse I
mean but I knew we would have won I
wonder the cheapest honey I got it for a
whole 50% off yeah
hey I want a white tree hey white I
should have checked it they sent me the
wrong tree and every foster care user
let's create buzz got lights on it
you're right oh sweet it has to be at
least seven sitter okay so the funny
thing is when I got the tree I didn't
open it because it didn't mix them and
neither we did a year later we find that
the tree is not white like I ordered
well this is the body part why do they
give you a body bug to put the tree in
sight when you're done I'm quite happy
actually that they gave me a green tree
because I can't I regret getting a white
one
pink is too late for me to return and
it's definitely not a seven-foot tree oh
wow yep thanks for the help
babe that's gonna hurt my heart my
delicate hands there's any one pair
there's only one pair thank goodness we
got the wrong tree I didn't realize that
it was gonna get this tree flat but like
that's horrendous key imagine having
this it looks like like it's snowing
constantly in this living room if she
gets this tree
I'm paws discipline this tree would have
been cheaper version like even though it
is shorter the lights actually cause I
don't know how they imagined work aside
but oh I took yep can you push me buddy
good boy I'm saying
apparentiy unlit version is 100 point
jeepers so just put in lights it cost
100 points what actually lights only
cost like a fiver to put up yourself so
maybe 10 20 quid what do you do
you know your wife spot two main
decorations will take you to run so they
bring in some frigging bulbs into the
living room
wait all this for this small tree
all crashes all Isaac just like put up
his decorations but he put them in the
pear like testicles good boy
I like your style wow this is the moment
honey can you do to honor peace nothing
compares to this bowls MLD turns I
putting up a tree is harder work than I
thought but it was fun so as you guys
know we got the wrong color and the
wrong size lie it's okay I think
actually Oh works out pretty well in my
small living room we're so hungry and we
just got here turns out they actually
have a festive menu so since my tree is
up might as well get a Christmas dinner
you don't have lasagna we're here
picking up some Christmas presents he
doesn't know where to start
Oh my nephew and my niece sorta died so
I just needed a few more kids to get
meanwhile this guy is doing shopping of
his own what the he's actually already
put something in there there's like a
whole aisle dedicated to getting
strollers for your dolls the females
will get them ponies some carbons and
their own kitchen when your doll has a
better life then you
