I thought let it go baby let it go hey
morning oh yeah there's Toby
that's where chubby come to sleep in her
own room
hey hey yet children I say to you by
closing the door from mommy thank you
what do you have there do you dare huh
whoa who's the coolest toddler and die
can you put my buddy yeah yeah no anyway
Ryan Wow
Thank You Isaac she'll thank you I get
money I thought you were these on
through these ones yeah nope that wasn't
cool enough it's been a while since I've
had an amazing three-hour knob yeah this
been mega cold latest greatest movie
second I saw ice in the grass video
Benji are so sweet a sentiment I ate
december t-shirts and also a hoodie and
it's still cooking more hopefully I'll
be able to take part finest lot because
17 is actually my nephew's birthday
party so
a London or mulatto try our best and we
definitely got their support and it's a
she actually sent the card said Monday
we're so excited to have you in December
this year it means a lot to me because
I've admired you since day one in your
YouTube career you're such an honest
loving and giving person and a great
role model to young women all over the
world can wait to see bust your moves
because I know who all have them I look
forward to it lucky
Oh silly this is God what are you kids
doing hey city boy I been G no no where
you don't hurt yourself
who else is watching legend of the blue
see you guys as much as I love Lee Min
Ho I am watching this drama mostly for
her Oh making egg salad sandwiches today
you want to make the perfect eggs for
egg salad you only need to put in cold
water and then once it boils let it boil
for one minute and then you want to
switch off the fire or the heat and then
put a lid over and just let it sit for
ten minutes and they should be perfect
you'll see that the yolk is perfect
no green ring all right I'm going to
leave the last for the dogs for them to
eat as I let it go baby let it go
Oh
traffic police we couldn't get warmer in
the car I think there's like an accident
maybe ok John's on the balls I beg your
pardon the John's on the balls
20 balls oh the ball he meant these
bowls guys it's war I was like what
I just getting his haircut cuz it's been
long over G the Karma's smarty Isaac
look the cover smarter you look mother
hello tomorrow and I know Susan o likes
penis thank you thank you humma humma
hello hello hey hello Wow otherwise it
Wow
Isaac can let me eat how can let me eat
no I'm gonna give up me because Isaac
can you give me a kiss please for me
mmm big hug I became mommy a hug
oh good boy thank you Isaac Annie please
decided to come here why not it's like a
child's funfair was really cool my hands
are shaking home
you don't agree do you wanna stay here
doing the stay here
he's not played anything in the funfair
yeah we're leaving could some heels
gonna play anything and it's crazy
afternoon guys it is past four and we
will be picking eyes a little bit and
then gonna pay see my mother and all
she's back from Hong Kong today finally
just in a way for a good three months so
I'm sure Isaac it's going to be really
happy to see his grandmother again we
not which is just really been happening
haven't really been flogging like
property for the past week or two I
don't know maybe cuz it's been so cold
and for some reason I'm just not dealing
with the cold weather - well and I've
just been feeling really like Authority
and the tired release weapon hibernating
like a bear and sleeping mind you I know
for a lot of you guys you guys live in
like way way way way way colder
conditions so most likely I'm just being
whiny I don't think I like leaving a
French door when I put my hair up
anymore I think I prefer it when it's
all up it looks so much more fresher
something about doing squats so the best
thing and the worst thing the pain Oh
like my is if I've got something like
wedge between my butt Nate him and I had
breakfast in a garden center my garden
centers are like notorious or be filled
with elderly having breakfast and lunch
and when I was getting on my chair I was
like oh the pain I'm like the mind of
looks I had from fallow ground using Ron
matter like I thought we shared in like
poor Christmas presents for the kids
so sue the kids is they are distributed
nice
