lately pressure keep fresh turkey yeah
yeah the afternoon guy I have something
really cool to show you guys today well
so you guys have seen the t-shirt that I
decide recently and it's the one off of
the backboard which having Dumbo on it
it says this shirt full of school first
of all I want to thank everybody for
supporting the campaign whether you got
a t-shirt a tank top a hoodie or a
sweater not I believe there's only one
day left which means that we're going to
move on to the new design and I got the
samples yesterday and I was so excited
you know I told you guys that this year
I wanted to make them relative to
education but also personal well here
are the both family t-shirts like
obsessed I kind of went up it crazy when
they came in the mail but as you can see
it is a bumps family you have me you
have Isaac you have Tim you have double
and sure I know like chubby it looks a
bit like a cat but in my defense you
don't look a bit like a cut I think
we're all reading a book and we're
sitting on a giant pencil because all
the profits from this chart will be
donated to help build schools for the
children in Ghana you see a Tim's also
wearing his famous stuffed t-shirt
sister is 100% designed and drawn by me
and then there is actually another
design we're launching two at the same
time also of the both family but it's a
direct sketch so instead of me turning
into a vector it would be cool to just
directly scan my sketch so it looks like
this I honestly can't decide which one I
like better so again there's thermal me
I take Tim and chubby I love it
hope you guys love it as much as I do
and I wouldn't be with you guys
everywhere thank you so much to everyone
who has supported this campaign so far
through donations and your shirt sales
it would mean so so much to me and a
children a fan of you guys continue to
support the cause so if you're
interested in getting a buzz family
t-shirt whether it's in a cute cartoon
design or a direct sketch and I will
link the link for you guys in the
description box last time I checked the
campaign we were like 60% into our
second school already remember it
doesn't just come in a shirt you can
also buy it in a form of a tank top or a
hoodie today I am off to London I want
to participate in a campaign called made
for you and I surreal actually because
quite a few guys have been sending me
pictures basically you guys have been
spotting me in digital panels off is it
subway or Metro or in butt of a bus or
you know in the screen and Piccadilly
I'm trying at this nail polish honest
and CLA and it's in collaboration with
my friend cute polish family and I love
that so pretty
Tandy is one of my sweet sweet new super
friends and I've been rooting for her so
long because I know that like it's
always been her dream to have her own
nail polish range so I'm so part of her
oh my goodness guys I just thought I'll
check up on the pencils of promise like
campaign again to schools don't want the
gold we are already 20% into your third
one as well this is such good news this
is amazing thank you so much guys ah I
love you guys here boy hey
drink lots of water and remember to
change your underwear until I think I
love him
the next day was it straight for your
ages am I getting so used to my fuzzy
here
it was after the Ã¥land my lord making
the phone it does that well here on my
talk to you it's called Jones oh I
haven't been all day when you say
something wrong and then you get
punished by getting slapped in and work
with
when it went my boy for one of us in my
booth though I do deal with it
the opposite putting something in your
life taking it out
you know I told you guys about the made
for you camp a little need Piccadilly
and then the part of a bus and in here
in one of the screens and is it Matt
true it's a subway
just checks into my room if you walk in
you see there's a TV a table I'm
literate able and in a couch a bed and
then through this wall you have a table
for you to use your laptop and devices
wardrobe Oh wardrobe and then here is
the bathroom wow look at the view
oh well then is so pretty when I was
driving I was just looking at all the
buildings and I was just in all even
like the test goes here Tesco is like a
supermarket you go grab your bread and
your eggs
even though Tesco is here is nice oh
yeah that's one team like there's one
aspect so very sorry
thank you like holding a frame and it's
pointing at me whatever we have some ice
cream from this place are any adult
world-famous ice cream ok no bear what a
boards are so we're going to go oh
it's so pretty what is this this looks
like a I got many more here and laughter
squared
what kind of really nice night with
friends again and then afterwards since
we were in Leicester Square my friends
told me that like my screen was close by
so we went to look at it together and I
was really nice because not only did I
get to see the screen but I also had
support of my friends joining me in that
moment so it was really special
and then suddenly like the bus that I'm
on drop off and I was like the most
exciting thing ever
I actually went myself a little bit like
no joke just chilling in the room for a
little bit before I'm getting some sleep
it's gonna be an early morning start and
actually my little sister is staying
with me because it's closer for her to
could work so why not
we're free day vlog snapchat Instagram
you're at the National Portrait Gallery
we're going to do a 360 portrait well
this is one that we did just all day
so and you can zoom in and look at me
I'm Sam and like folks is people answer
by that 360 shoot oh yeah it's really
fast
she is so done with life oh when you
realize you should have revised having
like the best time looking at these
portraits
we have so you see where we go oh my
gosh this one wants everything caption
this
