everybody is bubs welcome to a less
five-month baby update I realized I made
a five month update for Isaac and that
was the only baby video I ever did I
just thought be fun to do one for Ayla
so I can sort of compare this is my
daughter Ayla and she is actually five
months old today
doesn't even feel that long ago since I
did my last pregnancy update video and
now he or she is sort end of video I
will be sharing my postpartum update at
first when she was born I remember
thinking oh my goodness she looks just
like her brother and that was exactly
what you guys thought as well but not as
she's gotten older actually especially
if I compare her no Isaac looked at five
months they actually look really really
different obviously looking at the size
and her head she it's very similar but
the actual features are really different
yeah weight-wise I don't think it's
gonna surprise you guys to know that
she's Anna 99 percentile and she is
actually 23 points and she's a very
heavy one last time we checked regarding
her height she was in a 75th percentile
and same for her head she has a really
really big head just like her brother if
there's one word to describe Ayla it's
just content
she just doesn't cry very often which
were very fortunate and it could be
because she's our second baby so we've
done all before were more calm so of
course I've bounced off her I still get
comments asking what's in my milk and
honestly I
I really feel like it's genetics I am
exclusively breastfeeding this little
one
you know like Isaac where it was sort of
like a love-hate relationship at the
beginning this time around I enjoyed it
straight from the beginning and I think
is because of Isaac I wasn't used as
just sitting there holding a baby you
know I've always been used to
in Iran moving but this time on Ayla
I've just really been enjoying it one of
my biggest regrets of Isaac was just
trying to juggle everything but this
time of Eila I just wanted to enjoy my
baby it's just been wonderful and it's
so incredible hi
my mindset is this time Ryan being a
mommy again
she just seemed to be really good at
feeding from the very beginning and I
think of Isaac I used to take like an
hour to feed him as a newborn but her it
was always really quick and even though
I mean Hicks five minutes I feed her
every two and a half to three hours next
month we will be starting her on solids
and I'm so excited because she seems to
be so curious when we eat and she's
definitely taking interest at five
months she doesn't have any teeth yet
so I actually thought she would get
teeth really early like her brother all
babies are different but just because at
three and a half months she really
started to show signs of teething Isaac
his bottom two teeth cut when he was
around four months so now I had five
months we still don't see anything yet
little girl is taking her time it's
quite fascinating cuz with Isaac he
looks a lot like Daddy but
personality-wise he's very like me
whereas for Ayla she physically she she
looks more like me but it seems like
she's quite chilled like her daddy
it's a lip occur or Isaac I really don't
know well people keep telling me Isaac
was bigger it seems like Isaac had more
folds in her arms however it looks like
Ellis likes or chunkier what a sale
alone she loves her mommy one thing for
sure I think she's definitely a mommy's
girl she loves eating her fingers she
loves digging her fingernails into
people when I'm feeding her she loves to
super self by just stroking my clothes
she babbles a lot always experimenting
her voice and going she loves of those
five times she loves tummy time she
loves my night give her little facials
favorite song is I of the tiger from the
survivor
it's a favorite song sleepingwise she's
actually pretty good to us as well
around six seven weeks she started
sleeping seven hours at ago I think it
is really fortunate she's a good sleeper
at this girl she can easily go down for
11 12 hours her knee in front a lot of
the babies sleep there tonight I run two
months I don't know if this is true but
the technique is called 'no pause and
basically when the baby cries and when
it baby whimpers the parents just stand
by and just watch for a few minutes
before immediately attending them
because of newborns their sleep cycles
are kind of all over the place so it
kind of gives them a chance of self
soothe I did this method will my even
knowing I never let her cry up when
she's hysterical
only just really when she whimpers and
one thing I stopped doing is nursing her
to sleep from a very young age and with
no tears she pretty much learned to
sleep by herself only a different
scenario from Isaac and it's just made
so much difference I remember being a
first-time mom I I just wanted to stay
home all the time but you know now that
we have Ayla I just don't know make the
same mistakes again so you know from
very early I just took her everywhere
with me and she's by 5 months as
thrilled hongkong she's flown to New
York we just want to go everywhere with
her she's a very playful and
affectionate kid these days she's not
really interested in beating she gets
distracted pretty easily even though
she's got a cold she doesn't know she's
that's a cold she's still pretty chirpy
everybody saves my son Isaac has my eyes
so people say she has my eyes too but
her eyes are totally different
Isaac's eyes so it's really hard to say
and I can definitely see more TIMSS nose
and my nose but it's still different
Isaac intent they have
like triangular nostrils her seaton
rather wrong like my definitely don't
know where her chin comes from funny
because she's got these big puffy cheeks
but she's got a little sharp chin so I
don't know I have a really small chin so
I don't know who her chin belongs to
when I posted her newborn photo a lot of
you guys mentioned that she had Broyles
and again I don't know who her eyebrows
belong to forehead wise definitely her
daddy's her feet are so broad and chunky
so I think she's got my granny's feet
because the big toe is especially big
she has a dimple on her right side but
not like the temples but I have hers is
kind of like a pinprick dimple so it's
not like a - but it's kind of like a
deep hole which is so cute so that is
her five-month baby update maybe we will
do one when she is one-year-old feel
like she's just the perfect one for our
last child were pretty content on the
idea of having two kids our times up
Deon myself as you guys know for Ella
I had HP back which means a fraternal
birth after cesarean you guys I seen my
birth store already but in general the
the birth was great I had a fantastic
birth nurses said I was like the
happiest woman going in labor they've
ever seen however it was recovery - ie
sholden which is ironic because I
actually went in thinking a vaginal
birth means an easier recovery looking
back it seems like the recovery with
Isaac was easier just from my experience
for me I felt like my recovery from Ella
was much harder and it's so weird cuz I
was always worried about the front door
but it was actually the back door that
caused me great front door was like hey
you know
come on in well not not really come on
in
they had the most painful hemorrhoids
ever I mean for Ayla I actually had a PC
out of me I think it was a two
centimeter incision
unless you guys knew I was most
terrified of that that was fine I just
remember having such a hard time walking
and my best friend had to buy me those
doughnut pillows I was liking amber plan
the other day and I was just reading
through it again just laughing because I
was saying stuff like I went slow
controlled pushing nope did not happen I
don't want to be giving birth on my back
yeah that happens basically everything
in my birth plan a lot of the stuff
didn't happen but either way it's okay
it's always a good idea to know what you
want but definitely have an open mind
one thing that's different is timeline
is ella is only five months but I've got
my period back both Isaac I didn't get
it till 10 months postpartum it could be
because she started sleep for longer
periods a lot earlier different about
this timer and also is I felt like with
Isaac all of breastfeeding just
completely sucked everything out of me
though of Ayla I feel like my body was
clinging on to the reserves I gained a
lot of weight when I was praying up a
lie and I was up to like 67 kilograms
I've lost over 28 kilograms since before
that I was around 50 for quite a long
time and I felt like my body was just
grabbing on for reserve doesn't feel
like my hair has started to fall out yet
even for Isaac it's I didn't really
notice my hair falling like I ever I did
notice when I started a grow but because
I had hair from my hairline stick in the
eye like an armpit I don't quite have
that yet
but I know it will come ready for this
had pretty bad muscle separation my
belly is very very saggy I wish it will
look like the height was dead yeah is it
going to look like how it was by wishing
no am I going to move over it no I'm
proud that I lost
wait and I think when people look at the
mirrors they just see the surface and
that's why we're always most critical at
that pivotal moment when I looked at the
mirror and I just refused to let my body
define me like I'm more than just the
skin in these bones there's so much more
to me I've got so many dimensions and my
perience is just one of it so I just
refused to let all of that to fire you
oh yeah it's really not about how you
look it's how you feel about yourself
when I was younger I really chased that
perfection and not I'm older and wiser I
knew that no matter how hard you tried
nobody is perfect I sure you've met
people like they're I guess on paper
not the most attractive but they're
beautiful through the force of their
kindness lady gaga um you know she's not
the conventional beautiful type she can
easily be the most interesting woman in
the room
just because she's creative she should
meek and she's talented set on me hiding
it and just worrying about it I rather
just face it and just tell people like
it is hi it is if I'm so dying because
my belly is super saggy and what am I
gonna do if something really serious
happens to me you don't need to give
yourself a reason to love yourself you
just you just love yourself be your
number one fan be your own best friend
every day when I look at my children's
beautiful faces I know it's so worth it
and I'm so proud of what my body has
done all right guys that is our
five-month update thank you so much for
chilling with me and I shall talk to you
soon
