or trying to get Isaac to sleep in his
crib again so Tim's just put him darn
but you can see he's just standing there
sad I don't know him
uh her baby he's not crying or anything
he just started they're waiting for
someone to get him I know he put it is
my first
we are back from grocery shopping
because a fridge got really empty Wow oh
thank you grandma for these choices if
they did the comfiest things in a war
look what came in the mail today finally
got a rotating lipstick tower as you
guys know like I've always been more off
in the b-girl and you guys know how
annoying it is storing your lipsticks
there is one two three four five six
layers and at each layer you can store
12 lipsticks 72 lipsticks here and not
including the ones here so seventy two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
so eighty lipsticks in total I can store
the only bad thing about this is
actually something I should have thought
about grabbing them isn't so easy
especially if they're more in a short
side so this is okay because I just grab
it like this but if it's like a smaller
lipstick that is like this it's quite
hard to reach it on this I didn't gets
the girl a little bit like this other
not it's a really cool way to store your
lipsticks the drawer is closed but if
the crisp packet sticking out anisha's
holding onto it
you think a toilet
Oh e goes into rock mode mate reduce the
proposal one of my favorite movies
I feel like November is a very it's a
very ladies month where people just just
sit there like me get ready for
Christmas who had all their pies
should we tell Isaac about something
like what should we do buy something
like a curtain up I've always known that
Santa didn't exist what do you want it I
never believed in him but I used it to
get my cousin was like so mommy is Santa
coming this year for my playstation and
I miss I miss oh great I'm gonna be like
this my parents kept hanging it baked oh
if you're a good boy Santa's gonna get
you this this business is and I'm just
like oh really I'd be a really good boy
to shoes so sound that's gonna get me a
Super Nintendo but I'm my shakers I
think in our generation but very little
Asian parents would actually do the
Santa game Oh bipartisan Judas on the
things however they see me to the you
know the low like your cloth where you
actually get to meet Santa
and he will ask me hey you know what do
you want and I tell him and it gives me
like disruptive present and I go home
and I'm really excited because it's the
only present we put under the Christmas
tree and then I open a Christmas morning
and it's like a really cheap e basically
not what I asked for and I feel very
fruitful even though my parents didn't
dutiful Christmas present in growing up
I feel like start the years they've
always given us morning enough we're off
to catch an early dinner and then
tomorrow I'm off to London to see my
little sister let it go let it go let it
go okay like Teddy sit down Teddy sit
down
this guy insists that he gets his own
chair I think Teddy wants a teenager hi
hello Isaac Teddy chicken yeah
the steady ones I'm going to eat honey I
think Teddy wants to see what's on the
menu
honey I think tell you what's the
massage he's not happy
you give him a hug and now he's playing
this where's teddy bear I say where's
teddy bear 50 have it what I thought I
thought any bears your friend who thing
I ask is that yours I'll take this for
an eye Oh baby I'm fine teddy bear fur
ball he's not even bothered baby I think
he licked the door but I did nice if
Isaac where a girl baby
ah he's so cute this may be the closest
I'll ever get your daughter your turn ha
ha ha buddy silly nice us trying to
leave Mothercare you know light it's so
pretty that's when you know Christmas is
near Wow
the mood is massive today it's a date a
super moon why is it possible because
it's a superfood beautiful
it's like watching them
