just thinking like really that's so
superficial and sexist today making a
vegetable soup again on the school day
what do you think of my soup
I am I couldn't sleep last night I think
I woke up at 4:00 because I was just
thinking about the elections when I
checked Trump was leading and then I
woke up this morning and I found out
that he actually won today reading my
Facebook and Twitter feed felt like
everybody had like a client over their
head the only thing I could think about
is you know what drove all this hatred
and I think it all goes our in to fear
oh yeah it's quite a quite a weird
morning I tweeted some of my initial
thoughts on Twitter and one person said
long lines like you're stupid and on
last Donald Trump bags makeup it doesn't
affect me and I was just thinking like
really that's so superficial and sexist
and you know when I read the comment at
all I'm not surprised about me I'm
thinking about the people who are living
in fear especially in this time we
definitely need to stay united even more
for better news and on a more positive
change I am so happy to announce that we
are already 50% in to funding our second
school it was only yesterday that I
found out that we had another fun one
school so to know that we are also 50%
into the second school is just I don't
even have words to describe like it I
just makes me so happy and it totally
brightened up my day that's amazing guys
that's like at leave hugs your and fifty
children's lives we've changed for the
better
there is a lot of goodness and kindness
in the world so once again I want to
thank you all for being so selfless
please continue to support the cause and
getting a t-shirt hoodie tank tops
sweater whatever remember you don't have
to just get the shirt you can choose to
get the palette and which two dollars of
every palate will be donated two pencils
of promise so thank you BH Cosmetics for
being so kind and supporting me in this
vision I alternative you can donate two
pencils of promise and I want to update
you guys to let you all know that we are
already nine thousand and seven hundred
and thirty five dollars in ah so
to get large we got a chicken broccoli
yeah they make the best chicken broccoli
oh I like your t-shirt honey right
together
I support the cause
ain't hungry do I get some food cold
Isaac goes to daycare today actually
we're gonna go pick him up soon but we
just watched dr. strange
what do you think it was strange it
wasn't your standard Marvel movie
wouldn't it laughs I thought it was okay
I was different from what I thought
would be yeah but this guy loves
Benedict Cooper I love his name Benedict
Cumberbatch it's like the most unique
name ever of any page really cool like
quirky weird role you've never actually
seen anything he's watched prior to
watching this yeah no but so honey no
he's quirky just because of Doctor Who
yeah it's like his rules ladies get me a
Benedict Cumberbatch oh my ninjas naming
your child Benedict Benedict that'll be
the name of our next you Benedict
Cumberbatch Benedict ng hey relyin I
just woke up from a nap cuz um well as
usual I didn't feel so well so you guys
are like why you know always sick blast
you need to take some vitamins and I
think her right so what yeah I just I
just woke up from a nap and I think it
was a good nap aside from one thing I
excuse me I had a nightmare that wasn't
a nightmare it was more of a memory that
I had when I was in high school and I
blocked it right for the past ten years
I didn't I didn't even know I blocked it
I basically and it's just amazing how
memory works you can completely forget
about it but then when you remember it
you could remember it so clearly
everything in that room I really think
that it's due to a couple of reasons
um one is because the post election
results and all of them basically all
the racism the Eibon see since that day
and secondly because I'm writing on a
new chapter in my book sulla means ask
I've kind of had to like think back on
my high school times again times at
blacked out so in my dream or
visiting the memory I was walking in a
Carter and I was walking to new
geography and I've always hated that
corridor
I still remember like those days I'd be
so terrified to go to school cause I
went to is known to be quite a rough
school but it was near where I lived
then I was walking down a corridor I was
when he 12 years old and then the Carter
was filled with people on both sides of
the wall and then as soon as they saw me
come they looked at me and there was
just a silence in the air and I kept
walking and then somebody decided to
turn off the switch and that Carter so
it went completely black and then
suddenly someone pushed me and I flew to
the left the person on the left side the
wall pushed me to the right side and
basically like both walls are full of
people and I just kept pushing me left
and right left and right left and right
until I was at the end of the Carter and
it felt like such a long time it's
really cruel thing to do to a
twelve-year-old these rooms are really
locked out in all those times I was
pushed and shoved called a chink I cook
had people throw it or food and their
drinks at me
moments where my old friends didn't do
anything because they were terrified
when once when people around me who
didn't know me didn't do anything
because they didn't want to step in
moments when there were teachers around
it didn't do anything for me and I think
it just reminds me that racism has
always been an issue and I will probably
still be an issue for a while and it
feels like or a few steps back right now
but I hope that we can still continue to
walk forward I think it's even more of a
reminder for all of us to realize that
we need to step up if you're a friend of
that racist person or not bully you need
to tell a person that is not okay and
back then so many people were afraid
then but the more we stand up and the
more we speak up then they're more
powerful and mixes this is definitely a
time that we
after in kindness and also a time that
we need to step out and be courageous
and brave and bold the main reason I
tried to avoid going on social mediums
and stuff because I knew reading the
articles would upset me so like I took
it a break away but before I went to bed
obviously I checked on average a very a
very disheartening article so it's
probably why I had that nightmare but
I'm glad out of that nightmare because I
feel like I need to relive it so I can
put myself in their shoes once again but
except it's much more magnified even
though I don't live in the States I'm
thinking about everybody not just you
guys but people around the world you
have to be in a situation every day and
it's not fair everybody deserves to be
treated with respect back then no one
could be there for me but not I'm older
you know I have the choice to be able to
help someone and it's just the same for
you guys also reminder guys there are
always gonna be people in the world who
who are unkind there's also lots of
people in the world who are kind and
usually you'll find that in events very
tragic events like natural disasters
earthquakes it's terrifying and sorrow
it's absolutely heartbreaking the year
about the people getting hurt and the
homes being taken away and the lives
being lost but myths all of that you
also hear by stories of selfless people
just flocking by the area just trying to
do the best that they could saving as
much people as possible providing food
shelter warmth let's all try best be
optimistic and just concentrate on being
kind we can't depend on the president in
every aspect of her life
it's definitely an inward thing
individually we need to work upon
ourselves we need to realize that being
kind and being compassionate is
something that's going to keep society
upstanding
you
