I'm reading all of your comments from
the donation page Wow it's only been a
day and with with raise $4,000 already
know you guys are amazing really proud
of Paige hey team hole Oh
what happened there Oh
not only at the fight scene but it's
also a shower I team
we fight naked or their penis is
flopping awry
if I were them I'll just like yank them
really hard
Cragen's like you know this like the
hair oh darn there
new bedsheets every morning when I wake
up I have to make the bed or else I just
can't function children want to play in
the strangest places today's breakfast
we have almond milk with banana and
Catholic avocado green tea I mean if
you're watching thank you so much for
your radish cake hand-signed the best
radish cake I've ever tasted in my life
my favorite dim sum is radish cake
you guys haven't tried radish cake yet
you have to but has to be like a good
one
why are you on the table mileage it just
went you to sink to grab something like
it your nose mmm I sick puppy mmm is
that better ten days Tim hasn't gone and
the green news is it comes back in two
more days that's posted longer but what
happened was just a few days while he
was gone that was when Isaac and I got
really sick and that was when I thought
like really overdramatic as you guys
know I was like please please a nutshell
I was pretty much just saying I can't
guarantee I'll be the same person again
so yeah I think I scared him a little
bit he's actually coming back after just
12 days which works like for me to be
all this greenery since we've sold over
a thousand of these shirts already so
thank you so much for being so amazing
there he bought a shirt hoodie picked up
or whether you donated or got a palette
you guys have no idea just how much of
an impact you guys have me because I'm
really think about it if each and every
single one of us did our own little part
then can you imagine just how much of
in fact we could make fake pat on the
back free oh please oh please keep it
going we're getting closer and closer to
building a safe environment for children
to be educated every day and I knew like
when I when I first spoke to my minder
and you know cos last year we just about
hit 50 grand so when he told me tickle
was a hundred I was like that's that's
not leading up to it I got quite I could
quite anxious and stressed about it like
oh what if we don't hit it and I did
worried about it but as I was praying
one night I felt God just say to me you
don't have to worry about a thing
I'll take care of everything if it's in
my will we'll hit the target either away
with whatever is going to be raised it's
going to make a huge difference already
I guess what I'm saying is you know we
roll the dices but um the end of the day
I feel like God is the one that decides
the I come but yeah again I want to
thank you all for just being so amazing
so kind
before we go
children of cheesy fingers luck know a
birthday boy just bail ha ha yeah baby
yeah happy birthday
banjee
on the phone finish it is our last night
just the two of us has been indeed a
very even old 12 days everybody's
telling me to cut his hair and I'm like
nope I need to wait for it to get really
long suck and put it all in a ponytail
let's come up okay Jackie got yelled
suckle death yeah yeah chappie I you
likkle DUP to be what is it here
like a stack will be Isaac's pal 50
Gopal when he's giving him crayons the
color
thank you I love watching him eat it's
so cute it's like a little dumpster
what is he doing tears - hands mmm
as you can see from my nose all the nose
blowing all the bloat blowing nose hala
blowing made all red at all since the
weather it's so cold and miserable here
in the UK we are making vegetable soup
for dinner late not only I said can i
tim is also not feeling too good lately
so same time I love this sweater weather
and I were in a closed room last night
underneath maybe am i wearing a bra
probably not yes picking off the really
cold weather it means that our heating
really is on full blast which ultimately
results in my lips being so dry amazed
I've really been staying away from
liquid lipsticks so I've been using this
product and it's from it cosmetics I
really love it cosmetics and this is an
vitality lip flush and as you can see it
just looks like an ordinary lip balm so
it feels moisturizing and it hydrates
the lips but it just somehow reacts to
the warmth of your body and you can see
that it has some sort of pigment so yes
I really really like this and have been
using this a lot
