the good news is is this going to be a
couple weeks and I just got some
groceries let's go in and catch up on
some work and then collect a little man
there just managed to go grocery
shopping like I said and then I got to
add a video mop vacuum the suffice take
dog for a walk and I'm just gonna
quickly prepare dinner before picking
Isaac Oh should we open it yeah oh we're
all settled in bed and ready to read a
book join a good sleep are you tired
usually when Tim's gone the one that
gets really affected isn't Isaac yep all
wrong was I it isn't dumb either but
chubby she gets really sad I was like
she actually slept um up in the stairs
just facing the mean door I think she's
just waiting for him to come back
meanwhile Chubby's not even interested
in stealing his food that's how upset
she is you wanted to your chubby yet
they have been quite a bumpy day are you
gonna tell by the state of me we just
took a bath and I think we both
mood-wise we're feeling a lot better I
think I got Isaac's coal for sure today
has been another challenging day
especially because you know he's not
feeling well and as you can tell I've
lost my voice and this guy is really
really sick
I'm so sorry I'm just I think like a
little wind I really wanted like a like
a good solid two hours there the Kuwait
all these two weeks a pass holly's
expectation deadlines wait everybody
once or indeed something so really I
just don't have enough to give him what
did I try you can't get fresh you can
sit you can make do the concert for
about to live my camera up for the past
couple days I'm just trying to like you
know recover turns like Isaac has
bronchitis from the viral infection
which he ultimately gave me as well in
the past five days hasn't been easy
yeah I think it's just really bad timing
for us both to be so sick when Tim was
away my parents and Laraway it happens
that nobody really good help by all I
really appreciate in my empty coming to
see me to bring me food lingo if you're
watching thank you so much for being a
great aunt Isaac has just been very very
irritable his normal routine is just
completely out the window you know
getting him to eat getting him to 5:00
getting in the change
ever getting in the sleep it's just like
a daily struggle and I'm not part of
myself lazy and I'll believe that
Sweeney been like five days how many two
weeks ago he what eating like good hips
practicing for beer pong already making
your daddy pride my mum to my granny
Isaac and I are both sick so you know
granny he'll be granny she actually
called my aunt and she was like bring
this good to Lindy and then I look like
I'm petit jete up up Bible study and
then my granny like slammed the photon
her blast over them so my auntie is
going to come bring food for I think I'd
know a like it's fine you know I could
easily make dinner but my granny insists
I get some soup - equal Paul Hey look
she scared the house door because what
you do four five six cans of chopped Tom
oh we have more a big big parcel we have
rice we have ramen even a dog how a big
bag of bitches scared you guys will
starve as well oh by the way meet Sookie
I'm Teemo our neighbors are lighting
fireworks
cuz it's Halloween look at these two oh
there's thunder buddies scared again
Ganga a really really good night it's
just my ID and my granny are the best
and even though I've been like a huge
wimp about everything makes me really
thankful I'm feeling so loved happiest
kid with bronchitis ever thank goodness
I just got the groceries I'm ready to
pick up Isaac
I'm 27 28 29 30
31:1 - hard to believe that it's only
been the one week since Tim's been away
I'm quite embarrassed by how emotional I
was up a few days ago because I don't
know maybe it was the viral infection
maybe it was a hormones PMS oh yeah
been a while since I've been so
emotional like this while I think ones
at daycare I filmed a speed video and
did all the other Pro I'm never like uh
I feel kind of kind of like you know
that a rush you get when you do
something really I can upload the video
tonight so the video that I was working
on today I had to delay it because of my
voice was really really really stressed
about this video because this board of
pencils of promise campaign and you guys
know how much of means to me and this
year basically we are hoping to read one
hundred and five thousand dollars to
build three fully operational schools
for the children Afghan again the video
on my main channel but for now I can
show you guys a little peek of the
t-shirt that I designed for this year
now you can actually get it in a fitted
t-shirt like this one or you can get it
in a loose fitted new sexy shirt you can
get it in a tank top which is really
really cute a loose tank top you can get
it in a sweater and also a hoody and you
can choose the colors white and gray
it's so cute especially because this
year I need a relative to education so
as you can see it's also personal you
can see that it also features Chubby's
chilling at the bottom of the board and
double which is hugging the edge on the
board it says this shirt adult a school
as you as you all know we managed to
fund money to build two schools and lau
i don't want to stop here i want to keep
going and and i really really hope that
you guys can help me on this mission and
you know like I always say I always knew
from my beauty channel like there must
have been a reason to have this
following like I was really happy that I
was able to help people feel better by
themselves and other people but you know
deep deep deep died I always say that
there have to be notaries
know how many people could actually look
back and say that hey together you know
with my friends that I have never met
before in my life a rifle world we came
together and we both schools it would
mean so much to myself and a children
Afghan acute I support by purchasing a
garment and I will put the page in the
link where you guys or another way you
guys can help is by purchasing the B by
Bob sweetie pilots only in the month of
November BH Cosmetics they're going to
donate two dollars of every single B
palette two pencils of promise and
another way you guys can help is by
being a total rock star and just
choosing to simply donate and remember
any of my favorites mall will be greatly
greatly appreciated all of the profits
generated from the shirts will go
straight to fund building schools for
the children you can help to provide a
safe environment for the children of
Ghana so they can learn every day like
you guys have taught me how to be the
best I could be like I think it's our
turn to show these children that they
can be the best that they could be I
also want to take the chance to thank
everyone who has supported the campaign
so far I read the comments you guys left
on the donation page and I just couldn't
I couldn't help but just like well up um
so thank you guys thank you so much for
just being real life angels I'm gonna
stop and appeal
you
