everybody it is buffs hirevue all about
two weeks ago it suddenly occurred to me
that I have been making videos on
YouTube for almost nine years now I is
almost a decade if you really think
about it so back then when I first made
my channel I was only 21 years old yes I
just gave away my age I'm gonna be 30 in
December but you know but then nothing
could excite me more than testing a new
lipstick or a new eyeliner we all know
how a simple lipstick can make us feel
so much more bolder and empowered but
the same time I always knew that there
is more to life than what is on the
surface learning about makeup is grades
learning different hair styles is great
learning different beauty hacks and tips
is great but I know for sure that my
channel has always focus on a beautiful
mind because a beautiful mind leads to a
beautiful heart which leads to a
beautiful life from day one onwards to
nine years later I can still say that
nothing makes me happier when you guys
tell me that whether it's a vlog or an
inspirational whole video or a beauty
tutorial knowing that it has made you
smile or knowing it that it has made you
feel differently about yourself or other
people it absolutely makes my day but
somehow at the back of my mind through
all these years I've always felt a voice
asked me is this the best that you can
do could you do more it's definitely
pressing when I think about all the
wonderful people I've met in my life of
all the amazing wonderful opportunities
I always knew like I had a feeling deep
down that something the bigger was
waiting for me but the thing is I
wouldn't be doing it alone sometimes I
had this thought where I picture myself
celebrating my 70th birthday of YouTube
or when I'm old
back at my time on YouTube I think that
rather than just the mean back to you oh
I got to earn this amount of money or
own I got to work with this brown
obviously all of that is fantastic but
how amazing would it be to look back and
know that oh my goodness
together with my YouTube family around
the world we managed to come together to
do a great cause to help build schools
for children around the globe last year
that is exactly what we did
we helped to make the world a much
brighter place with all of your help we
were able to meet a huge difference to
over 300 children's lives and now we've
managed to raise $50,000 together and
build two fully operational schools I
really want you guys to sit back and
really let that set in to know that hey
you guys really did this if I can tell
you one of the things I learned during
my nine years on YouTube I would tell
you that life is not about having but
rather about being last year I was even
able to go on a pencil the promise field
trip and such at the school that we've
built together that we mean together and
meet the children and I can honestly
tell you that even in areas of extreme
poverty I've never seen children's faces
being with so much joy and I can tell
you that each and every single one of
them are so proud to be in school my
life have never been the same since that
day and I feel like my heart grew so
much bigger some why we managed to make
a world just a little brighter and
honestly I don't want to stop here
therefore what a better way to celebrate
nine years unleash you time to do
something life-changing and incredible
together again
let's build more so so many of us take
our education for ground we complain
about having to wake up early we
complain about our commute to school our
classes being boring the people that we
don't like having homework when in
reality so so so many kids in this world
would do anything
able to breed on right and you might
think reading and writing that is the
most basic thing ever
and up until I don't think I've really
SATs are in to really be playful about
being able to read a right but the truth
is it actually makes the biggest
difference to these children because
education is the only way forward to
transform someone else's life because
you cannot grow as a person if you're
not learning over 250 million children
lack basic writing reading and math
skills
unless least a lot of issues like health
sanitation and hygiene problems gender
inequality lack of teachers
infrastructural challenges and way way
more problems they want to develop a
nation then one of the things you must
develop first is the education system
which brings me to my next mission and
this year we are headed off to Africa in
Ghana I really really really hope that
you guys can join me and we can do this
together the goal is to raise a hundred
and five thousand dollars to build three
schools for the children in together I
know it's a huge goal if we can build
one school fantastic if we can build two
schools fantastic and we can build three
schools fantastic just focus on doing
the best that we can you know what guys
I think we can totally do this which
brings us to the next question how are
we going to me that happened my for the
past couple of years I have been
designing garments and whatever profit
those garments have been generating I
would donate them to the cause this year
is not going to be much different for
this year's design for my inspiration I
wanted to make it relative to education
about the same time I wanted to make it
personal district built at school
district builds let's go-oh district
built at school o district built the
school
oh I don't know if you guys know use the
special guest features my dogs chubby
and so I think it's so cute because yet
Dabu clinging on into the
blackboard and then there's Toby just
chillin as always I am just being really
biased but I do really really like it
but again because it's so personal to me
cats are cool at like watching them
online but in the end of the day ting
dog the one I'm worried is a unique sex
version so it's more on a looser size
but you can also get the fitted tee and
also you can get it in a list tank top
and a hoodie and also a sweater at the
woman I only had the t-shirt version but
I am so excited or by getting the
sweater and ethnic tops meet 100% cotton
it's super super comfy it would mean the
world to myself and the children Afghan
abort the caused by either purchasing a
t-shirt a tank a sweater and you will
know that he will get a t-shirt or
whatever and all the profits generated
will be donated to support the cause of
build schools right this is one way that
you can help by purchasing a t-shirt
tank top sweater or whatever I love your
way you can set in to help is by
purchasing the be by bub beauties
palette my this eyeshadow palette I
collaborated with BH Cosmetics basically
my inspiration in this palette is if I
could only use one eyeshadow palette for
the whole year then what I shadow is
what I use about the mirror isn't be
whatever you want to be and because like
I said before the palette is called be
the eyeshadows are happy grateful
genuine optimistic inspired bold
charismatic thoughtful able confident
hopeful and most importantly kind with
12 eyeshadows and only costing 1250 this
palette will take your makeup from day
to night for whatever occasion only in
the month of November BH Cosmetics is
going to donate two dollars of every be
Pollitz two pencils of promise that is
the second way that you can help not if
you don't want to get it garments and
you don't want to get a college the
third way you can help is by being a
total rock star and just simply choosing
to donate I remember any of my big or
small will be greatly appreciated to
make it really simple for you guys I'm
just going to link you guys in one page
and in that page here
to purchase a t-shirt sweater a tank top
whatever you're able to purchase the
polit and they're also able to donate
you don't have money to buy a pilot or
shirt or that donate that is okay as
well you can make the biggest difference
by sharing the video just so we can
spread awareness so more people can come
in to help remember either way I am so
thankful freaking because if it wasn't
because of you guys then this would have
never happened you guys have been a
reason that the first two schools
happened and hopefully you guys will
also be the reason for more schools to
be boats let's keep building guys let's
keep building bigger people let's show
hope to people who don't know what
hopeless like if you want love then you
gotta give it up and it multiplies and
comes back to you if you're like me
we're at the back of your mind you've
always wondered if there's more that you
can do this is your chance where we can
come together and just do something
really incredible together I want to
thank you all for watching and just
being so incredible through these years
and supporting me and just teaching me
how to be the best that I could be I
think it's time for us to show these
children I'd be the best that they could
be I'm gonna cut the cheese on when I
say cut the cheese I mean literally
because I'm pretty hungry so I'm gonna
go make a sandwich but I love you guys
so much
I'm truly thankful for you all and we'll
talk to you soon and don't forget to
check out the page
