oh the dogs peed in a heart shape they
must really love me
you're a tease from this time thank you
so much to my skin Inga family they're
beautiful
meanwhile this guy refuses to wear
clothes
he's only two and he's like a typical
dude already terrible cheese has been
sliced bit of a challenge but when I
still love me Adam to wear his clothes
thanks chase
where's your feet yes Hey look at this
little stubby feet
hmm feeling sick no a lot cuz of what
you guys always say is I accidentally
swallowed my Listerine oh I need a
appointment for end of next month lab of
a speech therapist so I had quite a good
the wall of her and I explained that Oh
Isaac is bilingual and just the fact
that he's always been a little bit of a
late bloomer and that's always been okay
but I would like to do an assessment
just for a little bit of a peace of mind
although she did say about Isaac is only
2 so lifetime diagnosis it doesn't
usually happen until three one thing I
did mention to her was something that
I've done subconsciously coz Isaac is
you know product to be bilingual I don't
realize that when I talk to him
I use both languages at the same time I
would say for example if I want to say I
think it's time for dinner I would say I
think it's time to sick Fanfan laugh so
I don't know if this confuses him but
she did say that I might be a good idea
where it's fine for him to grow up
bilingual um maybe for night you stick
with one language and then your husband
could stick with another I know it could
be maybe I'm just anxious maybe he
really is just going through the
terrible twos where he's tantruming a
lot he's basically a very like
strong-willed child so he's extremely
stubborn like me but when I was little I
was extremely scared of my parents I
think that middle child syndrome of me
just always wanted to please my parents
but he's the only child so he doesn't
have to do that her little thing has a
cold nose a super runny today so it
looks like he may have caught something
which could have been the reason why
he's been driving me crazy
Mimi so I want to share something with
you guys if you guys are like me and you
absolutely swear by your sneakers or
trainers and I really recommend you guys
to get these what the trainers
necessarily but I think they're pretty
cute these are basically alternatives to
laces I hate hated tying my laces you
know when you kick it's really rainy so
I hate when I get all like soggy and
gross so these are actually silicone as
you can see in each end
it basically looks like this so it's so
quick for me to put on my trainers I
don't need to tie any laces always nice
and secure they never get dirty and they
just last for ages take the more I came
on run back to classic please meatball
meatball meatball we ran out of places
yeah Oh meatball to go to meatball
meatball sir let's go meet yeah we've
been advice to just stick with one
language and we were hunting the cars
just there and I was like one you're
like one I like - he's like - he was
literally repeating after me and he the
paper
my arm is abroad and when
these families are learning and we kind
of about keep everyone safe
one thing we learn about you when we
here take on the meatball don't try
anything
don't try to do it we're like oh here's
another one you get another point good
job you got another one
owes or more there's another one another
one let's go this way more this is the
easiest trip to Ikea so far we should
have done this a long time ago
yay he's back to try to write with it
someone like IKEA we're walking through
here and every few minutes busy here I
explained so I just trying to cut all
these arrows and ease off
so you hear screaming like halfway down
next door oh I think he's starting to
get tired are you tired oh I think you
can't just on the floor watch this is a
strainer whole block
bye-bye
oh all it takes is a little cuddly toy
wanna get picky a heck you're too lazy
to trick after IKEA so we drop by on my
parent's home language you want three
calculators
I bet Jake say why is every time you go
up the stairs the dogs always feel a
need to race you we decided to move the
sofa yes we because we did it together
the sofa downstairs is just completely
unused and wasted in Isaac's playroom so
we brought it up here in his office push
okay I'm doing it oh look at him
meanwhile good job
again again good he thinks he's helping
us oh my god chickie news he looks like
a teddy bear oh here comes chippy I
really think that like nothing is cuter
on the child then when they were like a
plain onesie today when I make the phone
call to a speech therapist is the day
that he actually starts to be a bit more
vocal by repeating our words as almost
as if he like understood and hurt me on
the phone with the speech therapist and
then thought hey I need to up my game
you mind you guys mind this is my office
get out of my area of sanctuary and
peace pasa
you don't know he's not wearing pot you
don't know
Oh
that's a baby fish Oh finish
