oh that hurt last night I was doing
jumping squats so now I'm happy in this
world we have a crown sitting on top of
your head and don't load to buffer okay
oh yeah it's been a good 30 minutes with
my RF machine I feel like my face is
sharper we're firm
I feel like younger when I was doing my
worker got really frustrated I started
slamming doors
Timo's upstairs and he must have heard
me you know why I never slam doors not
to go against him or anything it was
just like I don't know why I just felt
like some new doors a day and then Tim
came in with a cup of tea and a huge
slice of cake then they put it on he
started giving me a massage yeah I think
I scared him a little bit maybe a little
nothing makes me happier than a nice
colourful lunch
and he's gone TMI but sometimes I can't
go so what I do is I pretend well i
let's imagine that this is my butthole
and i go like this i pretend and pushing
this and it literally helps me go right
oh this is why you softened play dude up
getting really hard and like it I didn't
cheat like a fag or a football by
whatever I'm just gonna slip my hands a
little bit get some water in you don't
have too much just so there's like a bit
more moisture in there
squeeze the play-doh I'm going to tie it
into a knot let it sit for like three
four hours then it'll be nice and soft
hi my this is something that Tim and I
we just kind of put at the back of our
our mine
we didn't really think so much but
neither Isaac is 2 over 2 years old I
you know we feel comfortable talking to
you guys about this especially because
you guys have been so amazing
over the past couple weeks very rarely
in the comments someone will say that oh
I'm not professional or anything but
isn't Isaac supposed to be talking and
I've kind of talked vaguely about this
in the past and I mentioned that you
know we've we spoken our concerns a
doctor I'm just regretting the fact that
you know he has been very selectively
mute a lot of times like tonight we
would actually catch him saying a few
words them never been sentences for
example if he sees a whale he'll go
whale and he sees a fish feels like fish
no we're sure he doesn't have a hearing
issue he can definitely understand what
we're saying but I find that when
how people even in front of us he
chooses to not talk even for Isaac for
boggling eyes it took him a long time
before I even started to bobble so we've
always been very aware that you know
development wise probably like six
months behind I thought he is a bit over
tuned I guess I can just share by some
of the concerns that Tim and I have been
telling first we know that there could
be a lot of reasons it could just be
because he's just a bit a slower in
terms of development it could be because
he's brought up to be bilingual speaking
two languages
I've always wondered if there is a
chance that he might be autistic and if
he is is absolutely fine as long as he's
healthy and happy some of the signs
which makes me wonder if Isaac is
autistic includes all his speech the
speech is one thing I know like like I
said before there could be a lot of
reasons
number two is he still doesn't seem to
do so well to strangers sometimes and we
go out shopping and if a stranger even
looks at him then he sort of looks away
he gets a bit anxious I need to get him
to say hi to strangers and he'll wave
and everything but as soon as a stranger
or someone comes up close by and has
hello mister man over here today and
pastas his armory then he would get
quite scared and he'd just sit on the
floor and just sort of cry a little bit
back then he was absolutely fine you
know you can easily be picked up by
anyone but as soon as he hit about 10 or
11 months that's why he started to get
stranger danger and thirdly his Tantrums
and I know because he Buckley he's not
quite there yet and means that Tantrums
can be my decide we're just little signs
that we've kind of noticed a terrific
year and a creepy knocking of course can
it's been something that I've voice it
in and the
he's always kind of brushed it aside but
you know lately he's sort of
understanding the things that I've seen
and I know of autism a lot of times that
doesn't really get properly diagnosed so
already we don't know we'll see what
they say in this two-and-a-half your
checkup like I mentioned before last
time during this checkup phase and he
seemed perfectly fine but it's just at
the same time and six months so much
development could happen knows maybe in
the next four months he'll start being
more vocal maybe I'm just being anxious
even though he's not a very vocal person
I can tell you that he has really really
really good memory
your sandwich looks amazing chicken with
crushed avocado Anton cheering oh and I
have a chicken mushroom and leek pie
what kid doesn't like ice cream he
thinks it's too cold so he only likes
the cone nice
why are you eating topless I have to
cook on this lot yes hot look Isaac's
like daddy you're not like me you don't
have guns like me put on a shirt is a
piece of rice on his head which makes it
really funny
nice good
wit beep is that juice
he has to get the okay yeah
