oh great
nice doing this oh good afternoon guys
javi and Isaac are currently nothing
last night - what did you see some old
friends so they had quite a few drinks I
think Tim is pretty hungover dumpling
food own sausages and a nice soup base
full hopefully share them both up today
I'm not going anywhere but maybe because
I've been kind of down in the dumps for
the past few days and I've been looking
you I just feel like putting on some
makeup and then just styling my hair
just a little bit to pick up my energy
levels it especially felt like a good
time to use my polish because when I
created this we wanted this palette to
be sort of like positivity in a palette
and just you know when you're putting on
your makeup to remind yourself to be all
of these things this afternoon when I
was putting on my makeup it just I felt
like I was I was cheering myself on so
today I am optimistic I am able
I am thoughtful I'm confident and I am
football I know there's quite a few guys
and you guys are looking forward to
tutorials and based upon the palette and
I promise I will come I just haven't
been in a very filmy mood lately you're
interested to seeing how I created this
look you can stay tuned to the end of
the video I remember it doesn't matter
we don't have this palette you can go
ahead and use any other of your
duplicate eyeshadows that you have this
is what happens when Tim goes on daddy
duty what in the world sometimes I don't
even know what's the point with the
Taeyang cake for breakfast why not maybe
watching
thank you so much for always dropping by
why do Buddhist and giving me the sponge
cake I decided to switch to decaf tea
that is random possum up or Treat
because I'm so sensitive to caffeine
like I could have like one cup of my
even like a green tea but haven't like 4
3 4 p.m. and at 7 a.m. I am still
rolling in bed I'm very very sensitive
to caffeine
back then it was fine for me to have the
caffeine because it was ok you know it's
normal for me to stay up till about 3:00
4:00 a.m. the night I have to be in bed
by like 12 so I have to be up tomorrow
early in the morning caffeine can stop
screwing me up yeah how's the king hello
as you guys know Christmas is literally
just weeks away since it's going to be
our first Christmas in this new home
bought my Christmas tree online like I
think it's on Boxing Day or like
Christmas Eve right ok so I bought it
like a whole year dad funds excited for
the day to come provides me I need to go
collect the tree of my mom's art that's
been sitting here for like a year now
since my tree is white I have a very
clear picture I want the tree to like
white silver and gold balls so I was
online and I thought I'll pick up some
baubles
I wasn't looking for anything that's a
trick at all I really wanted was just
some sparkly silver and white balls
I know people say size doesn't matter
but in this case yeah anyways today I
had a chance to film a tutorial and the
lip that I'm wearing today is more of a
classic - smokey look and I matched it
with Pele pink lips and iridescent pink
cheeks someone asked in a comments if
Tim and I are going to be trying I and
we we thought of what I feel differently
every day you know right after I look
like oh no I know I'm really ready we're
just going to just let things go
tickets course maybe we're not going to
not get pregnant as much this is
definitely something that we talked
about and especially after the
miscarriage and we thought oh you know
um we know that next time it happens
we'll have a much better attitude
because and I'm being very honest when I
did find out I was pregnant a part of me
was like happy another part of me was
like oh man because of the book tour and
then visiting these schools I knew that
it wasn't a very convenient time but
there is no right time for pregnancy
right we still like the idea of
expanding our family but we all don't
like hard things are right now not that
we're going to be trying we're just
going to let nature take its course if
it happens it happens
look at these flowers are so beautiful
canopy watching thank you so much for
these mommy sandwich
yeah whoa-oa
dear me having avocado an egg on toast
chef to me in the house today Annie and
I owe an echidna see me and we decided
to go for a little dunk sorry we decided
over a little thunder and I thought
rubbing paper I got some more Christmas
baubles these are from Madeline I don't
really know what sort of color theme I'm
going for yet but I just kind of see and
I and I get it I had this white silver
and gold theme but then on the other
hand I also saw be my figure and might
look really pretty with a white tree
what do you think like a fuchsia blue
against the white tree or
more of a mellow gold white and silver
look oh yeah
ready
run like it's for this look I'm using
optimistic which is a matte light brown
eyeshadow and I pretty much just apply a
even wash all over my eyelid apply it
slightly higher than normal and then I'm
going to take this eyeshadow which is
called Abel and I applied from the inner
corners and I work about two-thirds way
art next up I'm going to be using with
this eyeshadow right here and it's
called a thoughtful which is a nice
burgundy color and I'm going to apply it
in the outer third of my eye and you see
my brush I sort of make a and very
subtle V shape here to make the eyes
bigger and wider and then dipping into
this eyeshadow which is called bold a
chocolaty shade I'm just going to tap
the edge of my eye ever so slightly just
to subtly defined it as even more not
I'm going to move on to this brown
eyeliner and spread by vanilla and Koo
and it's just going to be a base so when
I take the bold eyeshadow again I can
smudge out the eyeliner so next up I
take a gel liner in black and I simply
just line my lower lash line into the
waterline and of course you need to line
the upper lash line as well into the
waterline by lifting the lid up as you
can see then I can just connect the
upper and lower line together into a
week so now I'm going to move on to your
liquor liner just to make the eyeliner
up here a lot more sharp and clean clean
up the edges here now I'm going take
this plum eye shadow because my eyes got
a bit red from the eyeliner the plum
will help to brighten the eyes lastly
I'm going to take this highlighting
color color thoughtful I just highlight
my inner corners car lashes apply
mascara and this look is complete to
stick on a multi pink lipstick and a
neutral blush
you
