so since the weather is starting to get
cold and UK I make con te acting because
I'm going to London an evening and then
I'm already flying back in the afternoon
tomorrow
why don't we guys I feel so much better
thank you so much a lot of you guys
mentioned that like my like just in
general I haven't been looking too well
since coming back I am very very aware
that I told you guys that my skin would
get dry right away
because in Hong Kong like despite the
pollution I have to say my skin seems
green the humidity so whereas in UK even
though the air is better quality it's
drier and the water is quite hard which
is very drying for my skin you can see
my lips are quite dry and I do have some
dry patches here which sucks now you
guys remember about two and a half weeks
ago Annie and I we went to Ibiza for a
beauty bootcamp and it was so much fun
whole reason we were invited was because
the bronze skin Inc they were
celebrating the lunch up there I believe
it's our gem serum which is b3 and while
we were there we also did a skin at the
TG test and I've done it before
but you know your skin changes during
the year so I did it again the results
for me my skin was distressed and dry so
for my concoction and it includes
ceramide hyaluronic acid and French pine
bark I only learned that and I'd
actually mix the serum with your
foundation so I'm going to be trying
that today since my skin is quite dry so
I'm going to add some goodness into my
foundation the day I'm just going to
apply a few drops a little bit of
foundation and you guys are wondering
you could get the personalized serums
from I love skinny calm and it Sephora I
believe whoa it feels quite nice almost
if I'm putting on a - didn't wash
Dreiser but
and sip this is a tinted serum doesn't
seem to alter the formulation off the
finest tchen too much it's quite nice so
I'm just looking close up to my skin and
what's cool is even with foundation
because it's mix of the serum you can't
see the dry patches around this area how
all the Christmas stuff is I already
makes me feel so excited even though
it's like two months away I'm excited
our first Christmas in our new home
I love my lumina
Tim knows I'm not so well today it's the
first time he's ever tried to attempt to
make congee mmm it's good
watch ahsoka from Anna I woke up and I
forgot what happened again nothing this
is how my husband comforts me he sees me
weeping a little bit yeah and then it
comes to me and he hugs me and he goes
yep get up
so the bomb was really fun but I just
knew that it was just making me like
really really really tired especially
when I wasn't wearing makeup so I
figured darker hair just happened to
look more forgiving for my skin tone I
spent all of yesterday pretty much not
moping graving um with the early loss
but I'm very thankful that it happened
early I would have been devastated if it
happened after the scans after saw the
heartbeat and it makes me feel very
thankful AIESEC arrived healthy and
safely into the world and it made me
even more thankful for the family tim
has been really really supportive
yesterday I was pretty much um just bit
ridden so he looked after Isaac and you
know he for the first time he meet me
kanji and it was actually really good
it's been an eye-opening experience we
we didn't plan for this pregnancy so
what happened we spent a few days just
being in shock from it and you know when
we felt ready and happy about it
unfortunately the miscarriage happened
of course it's a shame that were no
longer pregnant but we're still young
and we believe we still have lots of
opportunities in the future not that
we're going to be actively trying for a
baby let's just leave it to God and it
happens in the future happens think the
miscarriage definitely affected me more
than I thought I would've because it was
so early you would have thought hey I
thought I was okay but like these tears
just kept falling but today I am feeling
a lot better I have to get Tim to call
the doctor cuz I was due for a doctor's
appointment on one day the doctor called
me anyway
we had a nice chat just pretty much
explained that sometimes things like
this just happens and it didn't matter
that I was you know on the go I'm busy
where if I was sick you know I could
have been perfectly healthy and for
whatever reason the body just rejects
the pregnancy I feel like when my woman
or uterus is cleared out and I'll feel
even better I feel I feel okay it just
feels like like a heavier period and I'm
passing like a lot of clots usually I
don't really get cramps but I'm still
pumping quite a bit I took a nice hot
bath earlier and not really helped
physically I feel good and mentally I
feel a lot better
while Isaac is nothing I'm going to take
my books and do some research and
continue with the book pretty I like any
code alright alright Oh get a room it's
ironic the guy Aaron the house
Parmentier is the regional manager I'm
the clue up to 160 cap season in the
world Aaron do you love thank you hello
everyone so I just uploaded the vlog I'm
just sharing um the miscarriage
experience and you guys have just been
so incredible so I just want to take
this moment to say a huge thank you for
your supporters and kind words and a lot
of it is very uplifting and a lot also
very heartbreaking especially reading
about your experiences well but there's
also something very beautiful when you
know you let yourself become role and
vulnerable it was actually a huge sigh
of relief when I uploaded that vlog
because because I feel like
you know I can I can really really move
on I know to be frank you guys have just
been really like to kind of your words
and I'm not as brave of a lot of you
guys say because it happened so early so
so early so it would have been so much
different if it happened after I saw a
heartbeat over after I saw a scan as I
mentioned and I know there are so many
ladies right there who have had to go
through the heartbreaking loss I do see
the silver lining and it's definitely
brought my family a lot closer I've
always cherished Isaac this made me
appreciate him even more
I love tests and actually looking at it
before it did make me sad but now
looking at it it makes me happy for the
last vlog I didn't vlog my reaction
telling Tim that I was pregnant and and
I mentioned very briefly that I was
scared but you know a longer story to
that is Tim had a really hard time
adapting a Parenthood and though the
first year of Isaac's life was amazing
because I got the watch him grow and
seeing his character really peaked 3 Tim
and I were born in the night Tim and I
were born in really good places in fact
I think it's safe to say that we
resented each other one day we just
reached a turning point in our
relationship where we just decided to
act out of love when we started to stop
expecting things off each other and like
I said you know things have been really
great like so good and we've been
deliriously happy when I found out it
was pregnant again I was scared because
I felt like and a long time where
deliriously happy again and I was afraid
that we would go back to where we used
to be it was all my head obviously and
when Tim friend I was pregnant he you
know he was he was happy but I think the
way we looked at the pregnancy was I
mean we were happy that we were pregnant
we knew was a blessing but at the back
of her mind we were a little we're
little anxious so after the
goal miscarriage realize that hey maybe
we were we were ready after all so if
we're talking about a month ago on
someone asked me hey are you ready for
another baby I would say uh no but no if
you were to ask Tim and I we'd probably
say maybe just gonna leave it to God and
if it happens it happens what if it
happens we knew that we're going to be
so happy
I'm just a shorten everything up and put
it into a conclusion I just want to like
you guys know that I'm okay before we
find out we were pregnant we were just
as happy waiver get pregnant again we'll
be really happy as well
