you sleep good she has a most sinister
evil scheming but adorable smile for the
first few days he was I think it was
really cool tribe here is rappy but on
the night off the book signing in French
he started to get really happy so I want
to thank you guys so much for spending
time to play with him because it made
him feel so special
coz what do you really needed was
someone there give him some attention
and we were so busy prepping stuff and
then the next thing of course they took
them to the Children's Museum which he
loved was really excited to see the tree
so beautiful who can being able to go to
a lego store absolutely topped it off
Tim told me that when they were up the
Tilly's meeting some kid three a play
brick nice a party the little kid did on
purpose as well it was funny then you
Isaac being Isaac just sat there and
didn't really cry just thought they're
being Jerry oh no burrs I see what's
wrong and then he kind of looked at the
boy and then but didn't say anything so
I dropped the boys on shadow and said
did you just throw a brick at the to the
boy did you actually touch it a boy I
hold his arm like I just held his office
did you just throw a brick at mister boy
and he like Venegas yeah I said wasn't
very nice he goes no can you say sorry
to him please and he goes I'm sorry and
Isaac was it's okay
Oh another of work of drugs I because my
cousin's called Isaac as well
Oh out of the entire trip you guys want
to know what this guy bought are you
guys ready
hmm
Tim some was like oh is this for Isaac
and a lot he'll like no also goombas -
can I have this or Christmas no we are
leaving how to take a mental picture
needs to be having a quick one our
dander you guys know Tim boney shops
like once every few years I'm forcing
him to pick up some swear New York has
the prettiest light Christmas display we
find the serial look it looks like it's
been fitting into whoo we're just
clearing up packing to leave oh we just
had our last meal here in this apartment
gotta love to go through this New York I
think are you helping such a good boy
where babies would start them young guys
start them young oh I think to the game
did Amy landed it was snowing like crazy
and I was so cold and today it's sunny
after flights from New York to London
and then letter flight from London to
Dublin we're getting a bus journey to
get our car and in when we grab our car
or good trip back to Northern thank you
so much you beat me to writing a letter
to my kid this is so beautiful 3821
pile feels so good to be clean change
the bed sheets I'm Tim and I and we got
like little rashes in our body and I
don't know if it's placebo effect or if
you know where we stayed up was really
dirty I mean the host she was really
nice and murdered her that we saw a
rodent
she was really apologetic and she
mentioned was because I think someone on
the debuff floor was a hoarder and um
they eventually got evicted yeah we're
homeless a lot matters all the clothes
in our sir case even the clothes that we
didn't wear I picked them all to wash
because I don't know it's just in case
and the dummies are back did you have
that nigga empty Susan's hug to other
sweaters miss miss in New York is
everything I imagined and more so
magical so beautiful I mean it was such
a blessing for us to be able to be New
York in the Christmas period we are all
up I think she struggled in New York for
a bit yeah yeah you sleep good she has a
most sinister evil scheming but adorable
smile so cute he's going through that's
where she's not really interested in me
here get you some medicine
look at his little face
yeah this girl's fine she hasn't been
sick yet okay we're gonna get Pengy and
we're gonna wash Pengy today okay least
we stayed in New York was kind of dirty
so mommy's going up to Peggy in a
washing machine so centrelink about
yesterday just want to spend today
settling in and I just had the best
night of sleep it is true what they say
there's no place like home
New York was amazing but there is no
place like home and your own bed will
always be the comfiest and when I say
comfy it's not always because you have
the best mattress or the best pillow
it's just because it's home when it's
familiar yeah this morning when I woke
up finally had time to scroll through my
Twitter and my Instagram feed and it's
absolutely flooded with your tags of the
book under review and I feel like I
can't stop smiling oh just so glad you
guys are enjoying it I was so surprised
this morning's to see it on the number
one best sellers list for teen and young
adults at the LA space it's such an
honor any misstep and it doesn't matter
that I pretty much earned peanuts just
knowing you guys enjoy it so much I'm
knowing it's doing something good into
the world it makes it all worth it
starting my day with a kiwi and mango
smoothie yeah what I use for my smoothie
dancer is actually cheap I get these
smoothie mixes they should be I'll find
them in your freezer section of your
supermarket this one is strawberry
blueberry avocado spinach which is
delicious I also really enjoyed it
summer berry one but today the one I'm
having is a spinach mango Kiwi kale
smoothie mix I want to do is I just put
this in the blender at some apple juice
and of course if you make a fresh it
would be great but it does the lazy
persons way of compromising we haven't
had time to cut or do any grocery
shopping yet and the fridge is empty
it is seems like you advanced quite a
bit as you guys know she's officially
mastered rolling over and I think it
took her a little bit longer just
because of body mass reasons just like
grabbing things I've ever hand and
exploring them and they say she doesn't
really want to feed she doesn't want it
please she just wants to stay up on
party I'm gonna love baby hands her
hands are chubby and also sharp at the
same time my little squeaky girl oh I'm
fallin
