so we are back home yesterday I thought
I got by you know but it's really light
so I'm a bit worried two nights ago I
thought I got my you know girly stuff
but it's so light and then it just
suddenly stopped so um I'm a little
worried I'm not sure what to think I
don't want to think too much cuz it
could be like just it'll delay because
of the stress of working traveling so
while he's eating I'm just gonna go
while I wait a bit nervous
well I can't tell
can't really tell cat oh the other line
seems quite faint one liner to reading
the result I just need to let it wait
longer two lines result pregnant one
line maybe lighter than the other still
a positive result cut to one liner to
you I don't know
it looks dark I should not be doing
he's got my pee on it
I think the other lines becoming or
walking I just woke up from a nice nap
the whole family took enough together
because it's so cool back here in rainy
UK definitely made us take the a nice
heat and humidity in Hong Kong for
granted yeah Tim News I'm sorry for not
flogging the reaction guys because truth
was I was scared to tell him actually
what I did was I took Isaac and we went
to the bedroom where Tim more still
sitting and then I give Isaac the test
and I was like Coco
go give it to Daddy and then he started
to put it near his more it went off and
now I told him to go give it to Daddy so
he had to walk around a bit and while he
did this a dupe underneath the covers
and I hid too much we thought it was a
joke he was like honey is this a joke
and he was like are you sure I was like
and Paul's like no pun intended
Hank when you're with a boy or girl so
yesterday obviously from the tests it
looked pretty obvious it was positive I
decided to merit a sad day because my
tummy's been a bit sore from this test
like a- so not really sure am i pregnant
am I not training was i pregnant so the
only thing that could be possible was I
took beat early in the morning and I
took this one later on the day so it
could be that I didn't have as much as
that hormone on my V V when I got me
more tests
a triple pack let's get peeing
we can tell
so we're it's been a few days since
finding the the good news and I think
because my feelings were just everywhere
I needed a few days to process item
included I feel really nice talking to
you guys because in this moment
obviously become really tell anyone so
it was so nice that I could sit down and
talk about everything with you guys and
I'm sure you guys have your questions
well it's his baby pond um you know how
are we feeling and everything um this
may be just like Isaac was not planned
it's funny because both children could
have been conceived in Hong Kong so
there must be something about it we have
planned to have an additional child but
not so early so we planned maybe when
Isaac seven three three and a half we
can plan have another one and Hong Kong
obviously I didn't see my husband for a
week so the next day they were like oh
let's get the emergency contraceptive
pill the thing was we realized that in
Hong Kong it was different from in UK
basically they're not like to give you
the emergency contraceptive pill over
the corner you have to see a doctor so
Tim was like you know what our chances
if it happens it happens
so we should have known from Isaac
because Isaac was was a one-hit wonder I
haven't been really really honest when I
find out I was pregnant my first
reaction was joy but then immediately
it's sort of I think it's like a
bittersweet because I guess I just
thought about how to dynamics off our
family it's going to change
we are deliriously happy I really really
really really like how hard things are
you know we're like Tim and I cute
little family and you know our boy so
now we're going to have an extra boy or
girl like I'm only like four weeks along
so I'm really really early but I don't
know like there's something about when
you know that you're a mommy you're
constantly just trying to like protect
this little baby and right now it's like
a size of a poppy seed whatsoever where
my first pregnancy I I wasn't I didn't
know what I was expecting but I was very
anxious I feel like this time I will be
uh anxious because I know what I'm
expecting
however because I know what I'm
expecting it overwhelms me to know that
all my goodness I'm going to go back to
sleeping like two three hours sleep on a
good day
breastfeeding pumping sterilizing
staying at home for like the next
foreseeable year so think about all that
really overwhelm me a little bit I come
from a family of four and my parents
they love all of us but it's very
obvious you know they have a favorite
but I'm really really scared that I'm
going to favor one child together
because I don't want to other child to
feel unfair I feel bad for Isaac because
you would only have like three years off
like solitude time before is taken away
and then I felt bad for this one coming
because this one never had a solitary
time but then it's like it shouldn't be
like that you know it's gonna be great
they're gonna be like best buddies I
don't know if it's gonna be a little
sister or a little brother it's just
Isaac's gonna be like it's just crazy
like Isaac is going to be a big brother
and just the whole thought it's just
like wow it doesn't feel real and yet
you know I am very emotional every day I
just you know I've been crying it really
silly things snowing our family's
getting bigger it's just like really
like wow to me this will be like our
family is going to be finally complete
don't want to think so far yeah and I am
so getting um aches every day in my
tummy and I lift it up and it could be
because I'm I've been pretty anxious
thank you so much for tagging me with
the Polish guys it's crazy
wait a minute words I'm happy my ready
to take off the London
this is a really cute hotel it's
adorable all I cannot bear that look so
comfortable
in some food my studio first I think it
should have but it went pretty well
maybe because I didn't very much or I
don't know but my blood sugar started
again quite low so I started feel a
little bit dizzy a lot of you guys have
notified me that the video of Isaac
getting rejected by chubby made it on
9gag as I will forever be known as the
child that got rejected none of this
 and ready
oh I may need to do with him
hey guys um it's currently 8:30 and just
got home left yesterday and just got
back this evening um so yeah with the
whole pregnancy thing I think you know
I've taken time for me to really process
it and you know ozoni last night where I
was traveling away and I was away from
Isaac and Tim and you know an airplane
is waiting in the airport and you know
the journey to hotel suddenly felt this
connection to the baby and I didn't feel
alone because I felt like the baby was
with me
about last night and I felt quite I feel
quite unwell I thought my knee was all
the traveling and miles in a car for a
long time so I figured maybe his motion
sickness so um this morning I woke up
and I realized that I was still feeling
really lightheaded and dizzy so I
thought oh maybe heard his pregnancy
symptoms are different maybe I'm
starting to get morning sickness
suddenly I you know I felt something so
I wanted to toilet and this is he mi
like I peeled on my panties and then I
saw there was quite a lot of like blood
and you know I was quite like surprised
because rather than like the spotting I
had before the blood was like bright red
so I figured you know it's still quite
early my pregnancy so you know anything
could happen but I didn't want to scare
myself got it a flight and then as soon
as I came by the airport I felt more I
went to tour it again and then I
actually like wiped and I saw there was
more blood no no all right good morning
guys name is currently 6 a.m. and I'm
sorry I got distracted us today cuz I
had to go bath Isaac
Tim colectomy me at dinner um and it's
so for a little bit sounds like oh maybe
maybe it's okay I was still feeling
really really dizzy so I figured maybe I
just I need really good rest but I think
they dine um legitimately prepared
myself that you know this part is a
might not progress I was sleeping I just
felt more you know pain to my my hubby
so I went to the toilet yeah and this
died you know there there was usual it
was quite a lot of blood
I'm just mentally prepared myself that
my father is going to be four yet I
don't think I really confidence well so
you know must be a reason and and
especially because I was only like four
weeks I'm like four or five days alone
it's still early days
but I just couldn't help a feel and like
it's my fault could have looked after my
body a little bit more cuz I knew that
in this pregnancy I was just I'm like my
first one like for this one I just felt
so frail I knew something was up in Rome
cuz I kept on having like cramps as I
was tell you guys was only yesterday
that I like felt like I was really
starting to connected with the baby
times things doesn't work out the way
and we want to empty it was just told me
that you know I shouldn't put the blame
on myself you know I could have been
healthy to everything right and
sometimes the pregnancy just doesn't
progress and it's the common
then your Paulo sunshine visible in
sunshine there a second prize on me
that's my first rice your husband oh
it's okay mommy
you mean with me no oh yeah keep it up
with me please
Oh Oh perfect
thank you you they go brush your teeth
okay
you
