get miss chippy give her a hug give her
husband gentle rejected give mining it's
very last morning making up here
hey hey
took a whole two weeks for him to not be
afraid of elevators coming Isaac can you
brush D please press key guess I'm gonna
miss wearing these free clothes t-shirts
and shorts bye
so simple egg I'm seaweed but it's so
good
yeah well I think it's Agana um I'm just
doing the packing my tuna our City
Airport to sunset really lucky back then
the Sun you saw always said right
between these two buildings and I could
always see it
human just so you guys see the size this
is me stepping here I go one two three
and it's already my washing machine and
my halt
I can grab anything goodbye also this
little kitchen so weird a lot of the
makeup isn't even here anymore
it's all empty good boy hello me step up
by apartment - goodbye my home how about
hunka home
he doesn't want to go yesterday I just
got here and I was looking at the scene
it is time to leave he's a lot more
cheered up so he's about to get food
they also taste remain seated with your
seatbelts securely fall centered just
landed in London
haha Yolo mode on hamas is i lose or his
flying PJ's sakta crappy rainy weather
in Northern Ireland but Nando makes up
for it
back in UK doing all the boring stuff so
don't mind this feels nice to be back
but we customized that we're feeling a
little little blue hi ever what sweetens
it a lot more he's collecting our dogs
it's been a week since we've seen him so
excited about seeing him again oh he has
a thing about pretending to sleep oh I
successfully oh are you sleep look at
evil smile tired he's meant immensity
but you're getting good probably miss
icicles mean as good as photon a small
thank you thank you so long he's my
bitch me coming he's very good isn't
right oh come to talk to me
it's funny
welcome back ducky and it's 30 be gentle
be gentle as I give kiss kiss kiss give
Ginger Baker
kiss kiss should be Oh hug a double oh
come on haha ho-ho yeah
good help me help me papa help me get
Miss chubby give her a hug give her
happy be gentle rejected hello everyone
I just woke up from a nice nap the whole
family giving up together because it's
so cool back here in rainy UK I woke up
really craving a chicken burger so I met
him take me here everyone was having a
good old hearty steak pie currently 7:00
p.m. and I'm feeling pretty drained I
haven't been vlogging as much as I would
like to even though technically we just
got back like a day and a half ago just
a so tired dealing with jet lag so since
with them back Tim and I we keep talking
just - Hong Kong wars I mean this is so
much we hoping to visit Hong Kong soon
and not let it would are too long Hong
Kong was just so unexpectedly for like
Tim often has to go back to Hong Kong
watch you guys no but because when he
goes Isaac and I don't join him a lot of
times he would have to order food in the
apartment eat by himself but since this
time Isaac and I joined everyday were
like oh where should we eat where should
we go so it was real
bun and it was so good to reconnect with
old friends again when we got back here
it was so cold and so wet and rainy and
I think as we both got a cold from the
flight we kind of felt a little blue
more like did we come back to UK too
soon we just had to remind ourselves
that the whole reason we came back to UK
is so Isaac can grew up having having a
childhood that's not as stressful and so
he doesn't grow up with as much pressure
I think we're in like a holiday mood or
holiday mood so um it just seems extra
new and fun whereas you know if we spent
longer in there we would probably think
also as a DJ I think being back it's
definitely the better choice family wise
as for Hong Kong we can always travel
back and visit and have holidays our
home is must is here our home is also
Hong Kong
I've just come by to my char si si
