drifting his belly on the table Boyd
Boyette halfway good morning everyone
so today has been a really great day I
woke up to a bunch of your tweets really
sweet love you guys told me that you got
my signature pallet with beach cosmetics
so thank you so much we totally totally
made my day and I really hope you guys
will enjoy the polity I am meeting some
girlfriends for lunch and too long since
I've seen him and there's a few things
that I want to pick up before leaving
this week I didn't bring a lot of make
it with me to Hong Kong in fact the only
eyeshadow palette I brought with me to
Portugal Ibiza and then here in Hong
Kong is the the B knowledge I'm not even
wearing like an eyeshadow base I'm just
using a little bit of concealer I
promise I will be doing tutorials with
this palette but today I'm just going to
do simple work I'm going to start off by
waiting happy on my eyes so sorry but my
palette I know it's like grimy and
disgusting because I do travel a lot of
it so it's pretty gross pulses the inner
corners a little bit apart in the eyes
before I bone as well that's like
playing with the bin would it be such a
great day is we all money to go to the
Wizarding World of Harry Potter and Lord
imagine like all of us just a reporter
beer just running over warm wool going
to contour my eyelids a little bit with
the light brown eyeshadow that's not
company we're leaving so soon I wish you
can stay longer
okay I will be is April today you just
use your finger he was at the be a bit
more concentrated haven't been sleeping
well my eyes are so weird lately can you
see this eyes go like a triple crease
inspired just a little did you guys miss
a wrap up underwear at the back anyways
I am back again Isaac demanded me to go
outside to play with him the living room
so I did my eyeliner our each side so
I'm back again this morning as I was
washing my hands I was horrified when I
find a pube on the bar of soap and I was
about to go tell him off and then I
realize it's not a pig it was just a
hair from one of my makeup brushes want
to use this as a base for my lower lash
line because my eyeshadows again using
inspired I'm just going to set it on my
lower lash line I'm just doing that very
basic look today highlight I'm just
going to use happy again simple I'm
quick to be using in this free lipstick
number six go ahead get rub Mac in
Spring Sheen
thing it on my cheekbone area especially
in Hong Kong because it gets really hot
I'm just going to apply mascara on the
tips so it doesn't smudge and smear a
deeply and I am done and only took like
five minutes so good being in Hong Kong
I heard what I have to I'm definitely
bringing it back it's really good if
your hair is shorter yesterday's photo
shoot went really well I think I
definitely wasn't used to disease makeup
but um I think you're always going to
feel weird when someone else bought it
so I'm sure either way the photos are
like amazing it was really nice because
Tim and I was obviously in the guide and
the suit so people who are passing a
 they're like congratulations
cuz obviously they expected Tim and I
are about to get married when in reality
with admire for three years and first
time we were like oh no I already might
but then for all the other times we just
you just smiled in were like oh thank
you which is bigger is more polite to do
this and I felt good to be a bride and
groom to be once again was just such a
wonderful day so fake Shara and thank
you to sa wedding and to everybody who
told him that it was us that referred
you guys as a woman for you guys they
wouldn't have been another shoot
especially with the little woman oh when
we need to go outside for a bit
m'kay Here I am again on the train
somebody had KFC and I was so hungry it
was a torture of a bus journey girl oh
just cause days in picking dirty so you
know I send the bus somebody was having
KFC so this is the closest I could have
over here in Ipoh do expect to patronum
you try Isaac I'm a good boy this guy
likes this
oh gosh soup told him to stop eating now
he's eating like bits of rice on
whatever he could find another note in
his hair getting longer hurry up and
grows I can tie your hair until like a
ponytail like a ninja left and resting
his belly on the table a Boyd Boyette
I have a boy good afternoon guys
what do you have there that's a tea did
you just give him a hug you want to give
him another one want to give him a kiss
and I guess new American I just got
scared guys
anything let me zoom for you guys do you
guys see it
pkg bear don't know you guys remember
but when we still live here
I used to write on my grateful journey
on my last post was 15th of December
2015 so it's almost been right here used
to write all my prayers book so I would
like start again
my cousin's screwing me over a little
bit so what happens is journey day I
feel like I'm Sudha our home some time
isn't art and like I'd really afford to
sleeping but as soon as I'm in bed in my
mind just like me
Julie this is when I start thinking
about the universe at least I think it's
yet like constantly tired and all I want
to do is take naps someone's lined his
teddy bear so what paw patrol together I
stay here in Hong Kong we just went over
but just like a bunch off phone
once the tongue like slippers we're in
the hice lining bottom sleepsleep I
think the booth that's Isaac trying to
sleep relax relax
clear
your eyelids are getting heavier you're
feeling more relaxed as I'm talking
I believe we're leaving tomorrow already
been a really great trip I feel like why
did you
Oh
