Isaac what are you doing if we have
dinner in like two hours
you said get this I just like it here to
just I'm sure I'm sharing it with my
fans
prove it
hbi why does he have a pen humble the
works
so I was looking at ways that like Tim
could crack my back properly and I'm
going to trial on her first
lay on your back stick to dirt
comfortable like I do my nose oh you
heard him I love ya
take a deep breath I think like all
right did I hurt you don't try this at
home guys don't want to move complaining
about Ostra professional okay my knees
may have slipped off center a little bit
- don't - no yeah yeah life is cute
hard to believe that we've already been
in home offer almost a week and it's
weird cause like you know cuz before I
got here I thought it's going to be like
a vacation or at least it's going to
feel like one but as soon as we'd lon it
just feels like we're back home again
and it feels like as if we never left
Hong Kong like this is why we would
continue to live each day just have a
dinner tonight just wearing a chiffon
Bligh's with these layered sleeves and
then I'm just wearing like a pleated
skirt underneath and for my lips matte
lipstick by NYX and it's MLS one five
this is recommended to me by my best
friend Annie and she loves this lipstick
and one day I just borrowed it because
that's what friends do and I absolutely
fell in love with it I think it's a
perfect fall lipstick it's my eyeshadow
palette I'm really sorry it's so grimy
looking
it's how it's supposed to look but as
you can see my eyeshadow colors all
grimy because I use all the time
on my eye today I am happy optimistic
I'm able our wages
there's gonna be like five kids thank
you today
very smooth well done for being quiet
I feel better not after so I have to
drink this like green juice Pepa drink
it right away when is piping hot or if
it's room temperature I can't drink it
made me think of something like why is
it that when things are chilled or
piping hot it doesn't taste as bad as
something that's like room temperature
for example I don't like milk but when
it's chilled or piping hot it doesn't
taste half as bad why is that usually to
cease would be very very sexy for some
but in my case the to C stands for
cranky and constipated like I'm so
frustrated and backed up hopefully this
vegetable stuff will help me so this is
a new star sign Pyrrha 86% of the
population is affected
according to Cosmo since the earth acts
as a shift and means that I'm basically
apparently because of the change our
star sign isn't what it's supposed to be
I guess auras changing I don't know also
quickly it has affected my star sign and
I went from Sagittarius to the new one
this macho guy with a rubber snake that
that's me apparently is pronounced Lucas
oh because if they face zodiac sign that
depicts a real man
many people are envious of the applicant
as he or she progresses well throughout
life seeker of wisdom and knowledge have
flamboyant dressing sense and the most
boring person ever when I comes to cook
they're extremely curious open to change
passionate and very jealous nope
explosive temper sometimes okay
authoritative egotistical thirst for
knowledge I'm sexually magnetic
judgmental and critical very responsible
across Tanika underneath all telling me
my daily horse I said if you don't get
enough sleep the work that weights your
focus on all divided attention will
suffer well yeah goodbye energy you will
be able to do any of those remarkable
things you always dreamed off it's not
like in general I said what are you
doing
now hold on
Isak
you
yeah
buddy
guys no just an ordinary day for Tim
getting his makeup done you had a chance
to turn on my Qualcomm rub we just did
the studio shooting nitrogen outdoor me
why are we so I think it's more the
camera it's you know it goes with it I
think it's not used to like a different
style of makeup I'm sure so to Seoul was
nice
I forget us all again
we're the icing
nice pieces are
back home in the apartment really
enjoyable day we're to believe that it
was like four years ago we said hey it
was four years ago we did our
pre-wedding shoot and I we got to do a
shoot again but this time this guy was
there
