the only thing is Oh the shower let's
see we are at the airport there's Annie
she looks like me I normally look at
home I think it's more driven towards
Adi and I think it's because that she
looks like me right now
my aunt worked in Singapore I worked in
New York I worked in LA this is the
first time you're having a recruitment I
Rita so for those who don't know like
Ibiza is like a heart essential as where
people come to get drunk well we're
going to Ibiza Wow
tinna Mediterranean Sea so funny all we
see are billboards for clubs and parties
and parties and more parties
on our way to the hotel how do you feel
Annie
this time you're here in a room Grand
Tour this is one of the cutest and
prettiest rooms ever I love the color
scheme is very calm much you can see sea
whites and cream so different so this is
the wardrobe basically and then we have
the beds and then we have a chair we
have a champagne these curtains are
really pretty such a pretty room the
only thing is oh the shower c350
just don't look at it and then here is
sink toilet is in here it's so funny
because the toilet is like sectioned
away but not the shower here is if you
ENC you oversee the beach and eat just
got married and we're just laughing cuz
like I'm feels like I'm taking her on
her honeymoon the wardrobes cuz usually
they always have the hidden away and I
never use it I feel like when it's open
I'll use it I'm he's definitely gonna
use it she's gonna hang as many clothes
as possible we don't see each other what
we shower it should be okay it's fine no
oh wait you can amazing we just
discovered something we're gonna do is
heading through the aircon and then we
find sexy lights at nighttime so I'll
probably go to bed and then you shower
another reason why it's great having any
here she all no guys I don't have a lot
of clothes so I'm probably most likely
gonna be wearing most of her stuff so
nice cute very cute
this is the best clothes cuz like she
knows like the type of style I like as
well an econ
on some rest while I did a bit of
editing I were just getting ready for
our rooftop dinner cocktail and end
dinner look at the sea glimmering this
is my wall Annie's outfit of the day
it's so cute
makes me feel so like summery think
what's really cool is every day we're
pretty much going to be we'd all up
together guys meet Andrew Andrew just
told me that he does not use any
hairspray he does not blow dry and he
woke up with his hair like this and at
first we didn't believe him and then I
touched it and it's so soft
the chains are inside skin in my bottle
scared oh yeah yeah
good night guys see tomorrow
that's our it's called the sexy light so
awkward yep guys we don't have music
playing in their room if we just happen
to live right next to a club gives us
atmosphere yeah
we're part of the party hahaha I am
seeing can't eat it dance of it really
good yeah you just gonna like something
keV I've done nothing but a little sleep
yeah you're just gonna like my mother I
love this awesome are we gonna see what
this
Oh Mike will say
yeah whoa okay
oh shut up whoever top really okay so
all tonight there's fireworks
we're jumping in bed once again no more
surprises
seriously we should really sleep I miss
you too
it was fine before honey good morning
finally got some sleep after two party
died dog guys working here or old buddy
fit look at that guy sweeping hello over
there was where the party was last night
and it was insane like I should guys saw
like I won point there was like Iron Man
stuff going on and fireworks and live
saxophone guy I wouldn't need to wake up
to let's see what's in the breakfast bar
we have fresh juice fresh bread sausages
beans and adjust an English breakfast
you have cake pastries and fruits we're
gonna do something known as empty
gravity yoga so this this will be this
will be very interesting the goal is
that we don't hurt ourselves
Oh
Oh
okay
push them
it's money
backside your arms
have to
next slot
