he's eager to go swimming right for a
very last time before we go in about a
few hours
yeah
Isak
back home for nine I don't know who
bought us this ice I got it as a
birthday present that he spent ironing
all morning what can I say I start him
yeah hey he has so much fun in Portugal
but I think he's like really excited to
be back home with his toys
cooking ironing next up mopping just
money should do some swatching of my
eyeshadow pile and I figured I'll show
you guys a sneak peek I can't even tell
you which one's my favorite actually I
can for like the company point but it's
in the bottom row the third one from the
left this one but the rest
do you follow very very close under
color that you guys may notice I were
very often is the one right next to it
which is the plum he just leaned back I
smashed his head into mine Wow a little
bit dizzy
good a bit good morning today is going
to be a busy day
I'm going to be prepping to go to Spain
for a few days for work and Tim and
Isaac are actually going to fly off to
Hong Kong after I'm done with my stuff
at work I'm going to fly straight to
Hong Kong to meet them then he's gonna
be a few days that I'm gonna miss you
yesterday I was having a crappy day and
I don't exactly know when exactly it was
when Isaac's family became aware of
people feelings and emotions he stood
right there and he started dancing in
front of me he was really really really
trying to make me smile and then he like
climbs on my lap he just kept kissing me
over and over and over all over my face
and showering me with kisses when a lot
of times I would practically have to beg
him for one kiss
kids are definitely amazing there
they're not as simple as we think they
are
it's not gonna be easy for Tim good luck
be good with Daddy on airplane okay Tina
be a such a big baby
I don't need one it'd be like four or
five days and I'm getting teary I got
the rest of the day to pack and prepare
and I got some succumbs to cheer me up
Tim is just keeping me updated I'm quite
worried because you know like quite
often G here but it's sad traveling with
like a toddler never mind a flight like
a long-haul flight 13 hours with a
layover as you can see there's so much
luggage as well you seem to be doing
fine
there's him my goodness he's actually
sitting by himself an airplane when we
were in Portugal he was basically the
worst kid on the fight because he
refused to sit by himself and he had to
be held by me and to see him sitting
perfectly fine and cooperating it's just
wow I'm feeling a little blue today the
house is very very quiet we'll fight
isaacs laughter and his crying I think
sometimes I just you know you didn't
take your family for granted obviously
you cherish each day but you know when
you're so used to seeing them every day
so even if it's just like a day or two
I'm not seeing them I'd miss them so
much
I think this is a good time for Tim and
Isaac to bond more because as you all
know Isaac is definitely a mama's boy
he's very very attached to me mostly
packed up for the trip tomorrow a really
cool thing is I do get to go on this
really boot camp with my best friend so
I'm sure it's gonna be lots of fun I
wanna share a little something with you
guys and I hope it gives some sort of
insight so near the end of our trip in
Portugal on our last day Tim and I we
had our little marital tip and it was
mainly from differences of opinion when
it comes to raising I
Zig nice sometimes Tim thinks I'm too
soft and and sometimes I think Tim is
too harsh was really craziest before
Isaac entered into our lives Tim and I
we never really had any tips of any sort
it was so rare but then along comes
Isaac what happened in Portugal we I
think we we both definitely try to just
leave it brushed aside and that we
thought that would be a better thing to
do but it was just layering and my heart
I'm really glad that we cleared the air
before we both fly off I was upset with
Tim's tone even though he actually
wasn't aware of it himself so maybe I
was being too sensitive but either way
you know my response wasn't great
because I obviously I responded back by
being rude as well and it's so crazy
because when you're having a tip your
boat be so defensive and you just end up
aggravating each other but because I
didn't want us both to fly off and do
everything while still kind of mad each
other I just decided to apologize once I
said sorry he immediately apologized as
well we both admitted that we were just
too like sucked into our pride honestly
guys sometimes the price of being right
and the price of keeping your pride is
just too high to pay and my people feel
so much better and you know I miss them
both so much
Tim's of me has a point I was watching a
video today and mel's by a lady and she
was saying that like at that moment her
kids basically didn't like her and
that's what happens when you're a parent
your job is not to be their best friend
obviously I will love my child feel
comfortable and talk to me but you know
my role is a parent so a lot of times
loving them doesn't always guarantee
that they will you know be nicely loving
them will also mean that they could end
up not liking it and getting mad at me
loving an impulse and me giving in to
you know unhealthy snacks or whatever
habits they Paree up because you know
just like the lady in a video said when
she grows up she would actually like to
hang over kids rather than them becoming
self entitled brats I've been thinking
about that video and I've been doing a
little
but of reflecting and I might be true
maybe I really do
shelter Isaac so much and I really just
gotta let go the same time tim
understands that Isaac is only 2 a lot
of times he needs to be more patient of
Isaac where some really missing the boys
but I think this is a really good
opportunity for them to spend quality
time alone in Hong Kong for this year a
lot of times Tim husband out of the
country for work so it leaves Isaac with
me a lot so I make sense that he is more
attached to me of course Isaac adores
his father but he's just extra clingy
with me so I hope they enjoy quality
father-and-son time this is actually a
really big picture they sent me before
they took off I go to bed soon and then
the house sitter will be here tomorrow
morning and we're going to be headed off
to Spain
