I knew this person she's a cool person I
like her a lot
oh hey it's me 6 a.m. and I was greeted
this morning by a curry she's loving a
friend around right across the island
like something rustle and then I noticed
it was a mice trying to get into my
toddlers pancakes so in a moment I'll be
screaming and they just ran across the
table and just there I saw it up here
and run behind a fridge I'm just
thinking back to like those pancakes you
know that mice could have been nibbling
at it the night before and I give those
pancakes - Isaac earlier baby stuff was
sitting on the table at Ayla I actually
saw like a black bug as well it's got a
hard shell and I didn't think much of it
so I just think in general this place is
just so dirty when I tweeted about this
morning that I was greeted with a furry
friend I got a lot of comments saying
welcome to New York you're always happy
IG we're just waiting for the host to go
over I'm having told him about the my
scenario yeah we just told him that
there's no hot water and when he's here
we'll tell him it's not like I'm scared
of it it's just you know I guess I'm
worried if it means the area is dirty
cause I'll be some good kids you see the
pancakes have been nibbled in and I
guess we can store food away properly
but you know there's not a lot of places
that we can store the food per se I'm
aware that not all air B&B xur like this
but it hasn't left a very good
impression but just turned our news on
it looks like there was some sort of
explosion like goo news just hope
everyone is safe notice something on the
pillow I really don't know what this is
guys
it looks like some sort of powder I
really don't know what it is all I know
is this it comes off we can see there's
some sort of I don't know pottery
residue
it smells like talcum part or something
you use a remove scent did they clean
this pillow I have no idea
since the hairdryer doesn't work I hair
is so flat but it's okay winning
everyone it is the next day and I'm
still buzzing and I have been waiting
for tonight for I don't even know how
long I cannot believe it's over
and at the same time it's just the
beginning because my book is officially
launched today last night was everything
I could ever want and more thank you so
much to everyone for taking at the time
the see me and I'm told it was a sold
out book event so and then that the
books are completely sold out so thank
you so much for your support
oh I'm so happy to met so many of your
beautiful faces I'm also saddened that
there are creases that I could not tell
you and I just want to sincerely
apologize I wanted my best to see a grow
to a point where in a cycle there was
one finger I got quite rushed the reason
being is because I know a lot of people
have been waiting for a long time and I
just wanted to make sure that everyone
had a sign book and I thought everyone
gotta find out why I did was such a
trooper and I actually said that he
could go home early of tempers but the
boys decided to hold I cuz they knew how
important that's why I met someone else
like yes you weren't going to bring
Isaac
I'm a little at it aggravated coming
here and it totally makes sense because
of the the time difference and
everything but you know yesterday he had
enough and he was so good and totally
flirting of the crowd having the title
of his life hi fighting getting fist
bumps and hugs just made my date
see how I loved he is seeing him
communicate with you know you two
countries and them goals just I can't
even describe hi hard warm that makes me
feel it's been a bit of a chaotic trip
but lastly inches it just made
everything so much better and feel like
the past few days have been quite
difficult for Isaac because one there
isn't very much for him they're doing
app arming because it's been snowing and
cold so we've been kind of cooked in and
he's been doing a lot of walking we're
moving iron has been cold so today we're
gonna take him to the Manhattan
children smithy today to celebrate we
have fish
Piketty a holding of Briella this is
what I look like when I walk into the
street next to normal people I knew this
person she's a cool person I like her a
lot
oh hey it's me most importantly she's a
serious writer it's my book the Barnes &
Nobles
I don't everything to play this guy is
tidying up
Wow the phone's going ring ring pick it
up hello
because of kids we have to come home
early rather than eating raw right for
dinner because you can order anything
for kickert oh it's so huge so much
bigger than I imagined it's so beautiful
here watching the people ski I think
it's gonna love that store
shall we go inside are these want to go
decided to let Tim go in a little sleep
so I told Isaac to go and with tips
because I feel like it means more to him
cuz like little toes
Timmy's favorite toy wait till the Sun
Goes Down so I could see what it looks
like here at nighttime
this chocolate shop is so pretty
oh she's so happy I don't think she has
ever been this cold in her entire life
poor thing it's been a very chilly day
indeed I think one of our favorite
moments of the day is only come back
after being out all day and since the
kids need to go to bed early we order
and our did I think one is a lobster
roll one is a shrimp roll on one is what
they loves their cognition
lobster crab and
you're pinning me ass you're a good son
of a bitch is what happens when you ask
a girl what she wants to eat
look at this little guy hunting his
crisps savoring each piece oh yeah good
boy
