hands up and mmm how do I go to sleep
his first kiss my first kiss my mother
first
mmm what could a state getting dim sum
everybody's so hungry good opteka I
think because after this rather ceremony
I think was taken home because which
isn't it I'll be really difficult for me
to really concentrate on doing the tasks
of the brides so he went back so it
feels like it's been like two days since
I've seen him don't hurt them so much
too many hi hi mr. big hello thank you
mama
hello quiet ha all right I'm quite a
little while after hustle and bustle of
the wedding we're gonna wide dine
we are solely regaining our energy our
friends have all left now we just have
to do some last minute packing for our
trip to Portugal double family holiday
and your favourite doesn't want to sleep
in his room Isaac and then Isaac and ha
Lucy
I live in no sleep
oh boy
so first my leg hands up hands up and
mmm how do you I could asleep his first
kiss my first kiss my buffer my go-to
state boil hey Dad are you Isaac cookie
Mary magic oh I'm so hard ah miserable
miserable day makes me look forward to
go to Portugal tomorrow just told Isaac
to go put your shoes on and I was all
part of him and then I was figuring like
what took him so long and I see him in
the hallway that's not putting on your
shoes okay let's go it's actually made
quite a while so it's just been the
three of us having dinner off to this
new place that my my best friend
recommended a party she said the burgers
are oh whoa a part sorry all party the
burgers are amazing
he's got crayons the player but now he
has to play the brown sugar
honey I have to say I'm so Fossum I'm
impressed
yep so far so good just chord clue 10
pass a time making sure he gets his
breakfast before we go we are going on a
summer holiday did I bet it did a bit
dear summer holiday with you
Anna me and food got the hallway hi
we're ready to hit the road we were the
parents of the evil child on the flight
oh so what happened was because Isaac is
/ - he has a visitor no and he didn't
like just like sitting separately it
isn't a chair he has to be held so that
didn't go down too well
want some seen you since you didn't
sleep in your thing I'm just waiting for
a little bit oh you're we're gonna go to
airport again to pick up two friends and
their babies look at that light looks
like you're in a music video babe let's
show you guys a room network later a
kitchen so pretty fishes on Alex Street
I into the living room we have a nice
robust living areas it off alone there's
Chloe show you guys tomorrow it's a huge
garden the craziest thing is Tim's
actually stayed in here before like
seven years ago
they've all just put all one of the
bedrooms you okay and then here is the
bathroom oh no no don't be silly and
then we have another bathroom in here
and yet another bedroom it's actually
like about 8 p.m. and we're gonna grab
some dinner women eating like just junk
food all day long because you know
because you're traveling and stuff so
you've got like so many like crisps in
the bag I mean my four pack of crisps
I'm not prize so I want to get like
proper food Wow is it there Maria Gunnoe
Molly Bobby have calamari we have come
on and a tricolour ballad
good morning so we're off to go some
wishes good luck you know what this
guy's like a sound and water
you guys know what he's like we couldn't
even get him near the pool last time
yeah
double-team it's a cute
pinky news that he's a summer holiday
meanwhile daddy's
