now finish off my artwork she asked me
to do the artwork for her wedding I'm
just going to fill in the details by
doing a flower and some beliefs here one
more done one more to go just to show
you how much I I think I'm the only one
that keeps my socks on stairs in the
hallway on the console table because if
you're about to go outside the last
thing you want to do is go all the way
upstairs I stop them right up a lot of
times I go to bed wearing an acceptable
t-shirt so when I wake up I need to go
somewhere I could just throw up my shoes
and I can I go is that bad do people do
this or a lot of times I basically keep
my PJs on and then like I throw on like
a sweater tim has been on his table for
like the past hour and he's like oh I'm
busy I'm busy I'm doing something and
then I come over and it's just what's in
the treasure hunt yeah are you ready to
turn your page Wow and a page
should we eat the toast and eat Apple
eat Apple mmm eat the yogurt yeah green
truck
yeah I'm where's the blue where's the
blue ones yeah another one tomorrow is a
nice big day it's gonna be a really busy
beautiful of Wednesday Chinese tradition
house it's so that the night before the
bride gets her hair combed from a lady
who's the Blessed so kids and married
and that lady would brush your hair and
sand her blessings and we're gonna be
there tonight all right Lee in the
morning we're all packed up to go to a
nice up doing some of their makeup
we are on the way to the venue night I
love your your your drab little outfits
terribly meander line we will show a
last resort
I want to quickly thank everybody for
being here tonight in determining a
great special day know that each and
every single one of you is ready to
shoot all I see when I create all those
I see centuries on each other flashes
and hair and all of the delicious
patching and gets ready for a special
day I know I wrote this for half but you
look absolutely listen I'm gonna pulled
it out just go with the flow
I'm great nothing I sit ha ha ha
he told me all my brain in her early I'm
very curious about this brain create
this great
birthday and then I never ate my pudding
love or laughing and love you always
been a ball of sunshine everybody's nice
here
now let's graduated refining your own
child
I just went along dancer please
Oh
Oh
let me put it in another way
now I can get a lot of footage since as
mute of honor I was pretty much running
throughout the night but hope you guys
enjoy the footage of the greatest air
band of all time
tears filled all the time break swallows
if all theory
strikes home listen to the beat
