look guys it's completely empty
Tim tidy and clear this out but what's
really funny is is tools you made it
look like it's some sort of exhibition
like look at the allen keys like the
spotters look at the plugs even his zip
drives or like like this when did I give
this to you first year first year dating
I gave Tim and I called it a little jar
of trust this little jar not only holds
all my love for you but also within this
jar there's a deep secret that I have
kept but I still don't feel comfortable
to tell you your mom you feel I feel
keeping it in the jar
will seem as if I gave you the secret
but same time I don't want you to open
this jar to find a secret inside I trust
you not to so what happened when I gave
you this giving it enough I learned it
take until you wind it 5-minute the
truth is I shouldn't open this for a
good ten years without finest in my room
last time come all right how much lie
here on why you waited ten years I'll be
the table woman no way I swear that
should be over there there's actually a
school before this was hot in my
remember ten years you never opened Edna
so you opened it after 10 years worried
in no way nothing else we got Mars you
know nez perce opened it oh wow this is
really small this is how insecure it was
guys like I don't even know the reason
or the point that I put this what does
it say there was never any secret
hold on there was never any secret in
here I stay true to you always telling
you everything black on white with no
greys this bottle of trust hold all my
happiness for you if you oh if you open
up this bowl and spill my happiness to
read this bottle inside
Prue's maybe one day you'll not
trust me I will not find out whether you
see this note it's only between you and
God if you don't open this bottle I'm so
proud and happy in fact I don't think
you'll open this you're the closest
thing ever to me Dooney secret now I
have is that I love you more than you
ever think even if you did read this
little note and it was out of fun but
this bottle does hold my love for you I
love you to marry the other hand you may
never read this note but you will always
know I look how many times do I say I
love you yeah 10 years ruin you know
taste our skies I didn't make them I
bought them on up at the missed what
even though I could back then it was
like the thing to mix ours my best
friend came this is a me just for like
10 minutes thing is I guess she find my
CD and decided to post it to our friends
gonna kill Yanni off to another or say
there's so many birthdays in the month
of August my dad and then pennies and
then Tim's and then Isaac's annoys Tim
does whining
you guys know that my took KFC I've been
eating laelia twice in a week twice in a
week that's not too great I can't
believe I never thought of this you know
how there's like only one side I could
do the time what I do now is I use the
other side and I can alternate between
the two so coupons or doing something so
one side is getting rid of frequency the
other side is getting light therapy
multitasking feels good gurgles and your
cheeks are still must've point to the
ceiling point to the floor point to the
window way to the door look what he just
took from my bag what are you doing with
mommy's makeup thank you okay craving
Bowl maze for lunch today
hey chickie one another really nice day
just waiting for Jim to get stuff sort
at the bank the past couple weeks has
just been absolute madness but it's like
I'm not busy doing work work stuff I'm
busy doing like personal stuff
five people staying in our house because
we're all flying back for Annie's
wedding
I was reading your blog comments from
the other day to the people who have
watched the well my baby to single I
released 31 years ago yeah I know it's
really embarrassing
you guys are like bucks you should
totally make a comeback ah I know I get
it I think I get it
I won't do it so what you guys don't
understand is there's there's nothing to
come back to pooping
yeah thank you Ling is here and she's
gonna be helping the girls doing else
before the big day
Paul the bomb that's not like wow I like
I like this one we got what my girls
role gave me over dishes I'm like does
anybody want so Connie's wedding is
coming up on and literally tempting
everyone Laci that's a really nice color
yes hey not really it really tense
Harrison she told me to what was are
coming to relax this is relaxing make my
fingers is really skinny do you want it
like square but also proxy okay what's
the most oddest story or experience
you've had in someone's nail oh no I did
have a client but um she a period just
come in the middle
all days and she actually asked me do
you have a tampon no no I'm sorry
actually asked me to go into the toilet
- actually she had one hand occupied
ololo meet and she would make the change
yeah I can have like t8 harp at all a
little actually insert the other one I
would like to pay for this oh my back No
Wow
pushy tip cheese remember show your near
body
ownsome hello he's chosen you near in
the background
Thank You Ling I feel so feminine you're
like I'm a woman
Oh
