like ripple let me give them a kiss
second abt I like your PJs so many more
presents that he hasn't opened yet we
just opened a few and we figure that
will keep him busy for a while
he is so sore today from the bouncy
castle we're getting along hands up and
time we originally planned up a nice
luncheon in me and we were like does
anybody feel like fried chicken okay JP
Kassim toast
morning guys Isaac and I are having
breakfast Tim isn't giving Isaac any of
his lunch because he thinks Isaac when
it goes to him for food
what do you want mommy to do what do you
want go away
you only want me when I have food look
look at that Isaac look at Verizon daddy
just wanted to feed you he don't even
wanna be fed by his dad
see how his expression just 180 whoa we
don't know why but so tired lately
only warmer with to go and then things
should come down no we've got friends
coming in a week we've got a wedding it
could be a thingy and they were going
straight to Portugal and a Hong Kong
how is not calming down was the blessing
of air with all these pieces I dreamt
that I was like really pregnant but I
was having dinner
with all the people in my life who are
no longer in this earth so what I really
remember in particular was my aunty are
we there yet I am Li settling back to
normal life getting a chemistry's done
MC come see too far what are the works
of my dream and look does it work my
baby mmm
got that nice fresh newborn C mellow
soil Tim Oney drive slow nurse food in
the car not even for me or his son but
if there's food and someone's holding it
in the passenger seat he will drive slow
show mommy worship areas hey that's
right and banana yeah we are chilling
before we go to bed can you show me a
chicken yeah we show mommy when I wrap
it in yes that's right where's the horse
where's the horse oh that's not a Whore
try again try again try again try again
okay no he should guessing this one's a
horse and this popping up why the bump
it up pull pull what one mile of impact
when ready for bed
get doggy nose rub mmm good my crippled
gonna give them a kiss hmm
we're back in the garden center we just
come forward at breakfast cause it's so
darn cheap last week so sorry
so last week well I invited Tim find
something while he was tying his office
any normal and sane person would destroy
this I guess immediately when seeing
this but I'm going to show you guys
because I'm really curious little did
you guys know that about a stack when
I'm taking a 12 years ago I release a
single and only one copy was I guess
published because I made it myself
unrecorded it oh my goodness what is to
say lyndie new debuted single when I
first saw you is the song even has a
note here
take note back then I was only like 17
ish so hiya baby this is my silly CD I
made for you I yes I did sing this I'm a
terrible singer this is how people used
to spell words and this is just a little
a little something for you I can't even
read this let's just go on through
speaking of looking for things Tim find
a CD he made for me back then as well
you guys should hear the music you put
it up
I even like put a strawberry background
in the back as you can see basically
this is a song we get instrumental and I
just sum over and I record it at my
computer I remember I put a lot of echo
in it because back then like I thought
it sounded good close the door as we won
it here this is gonna be terrible let's
go
music
you
there hear me thank goodness
so like there
and
me
