all right
ostrich you get rid of it for me bleep
yeah it's my dad just take it out the
window please
Isaac say downstairs happy tutor rescue
my hero
that's sorry something brushed my leg
and it was choba SHhhh all I'm cleaning
at the house
Isaac and Tim are actors playing really
sunny day
Isaac is asleep I've submitted my first
chapter time to relax since this is a
really hot day the skittles are nice and
warm and Tim plates it
whatsoever but for a long time ago my
friend
he offered me you know the starburst
sweets I never went to exert warm and I
was like it's been warmed up by my ball
bike well it's in my pocket
hi who's the respond to that it wasn't
even still delicious with the sweet not
yeah chubby just got pushed away by
Isaac cuz he likes taking this spot
sorry chubby as usual Isaac and Irish is
chilling and bad before it goes bad I
cannot believe that whole day yeah she's
like my dad I told them along some
couple of hours Tim it's going to be a
30 years old I don't believe this guy's
oh really appreciate you being so sweet
Isaac all the time okay I love you too
I love both of you okay I love all Isaac
totally bullies them every single day
and they take it yesterday as Tim and I
were planning for Isaac's birthday you
really alert us just high lofty yes
bring up my little my dad didn't have a
lot so when I was young both of them had
to work so I was brought up by my
grandparents which was amazing I had an
awesome childhood and that wasn't until
my brother was born where
started to really pick up from my
parents I know my parents worked really
hard to give us everything that we have
today and you know things were different
than you know of course because I
migrated and you know that we're the
second generation is so much different
for Isaac even like story time when I
was little I always wished I had my
parents or even anybody to read me like
a bedtime story have a routine of course
you know that never happened because my
parents have to work and if not it was
because they didn't know English which
is completely understandable so you know
times like this which really makes me
realize hi lucky Isaac is good morning
guys so today is a 25th of August which
means Tim is 30 today I woke up this
morning and I look at Tim I was like
you're 30 but you let the exact same I
think it's currently in daycares so Tim
and I will be having some lunch and then
afterwards we're gonna be having dinner
as a family today is such a beautiful
day I am wearing a maxi dress so the
last time I wore it as I think I was
actually pregnant like almost ready to
call the Pitti I left off my belts in
Hong Kong I don't think that's really
exciting is I got the final samples for
my eyeshadow palette and I tested I
worked some of the colors today as you
can see a very shimmery color is
something simple a brown and then a
darker color just to define it and that
is it well money is 30 not one
not three not four not five not six not
seven not Kane not 10 not 20 but 30 how
do you feel you feel like a man a real
man a lot of musicians are great
I thought that when you die you cease to
exist he's bummed I that like say he
lives 266 a sale is the sixties bomb day
that this is half of his life gone you
will get long again like to wake up
again again you don't need to eat up
your dick don't be hungry she came into
this world doing exist for a reason
I then you see six
the most pleasant person on the word
hold on your birthday but anyways
beautiful day the sky is blue tyranny
this is their best seller for ten years
I can see that you know when their oil
is clean when you order something
battered and it comes like pure white
David
thirty years old and he still looks like
me 15 you were to give advice to the 18
year old a what would you save yourself
yellow green i watch i watch that movie
is called buy time it's quite touching
because the guys the guy can't travel
back in time so he's about to enter his
life from two ways so the first time he
lives it is oliver reason life and the
second time he read lives the same day
but noticing everything wrong
then he just chooses not the time for
any more and he just to live each day
right now seeing everything be people
but I think mustard by some my 18 years
a man so to focus on the positive
basically that's really good
there's many really good mood he liked
it cuz Rachel McAdams was there
who else is hot
Jennifer Lee no he's the faces birthday
okay maybe's one hole in the camera
someone's got a present
haha three high school to me awesome
awesome
I think it's collected and we are on our
way for dinner you know how I told you
guys have a hot gardener and well my
girlfriend staying over at home gardener
so when he came like I went into my
what's up and I was like hot gardener
there and then I realized I went into
the wrong chat into the ng family chat
with my mother-in-law father-in-law
sister-in-law brother-in-law and then my
sister-in-law was like she was pictures
then you can have to live with us
sometimes and I teach over crayon so I
tried to take a picture to show my
considerate because I've always been
curious but it was really hard because I
think they were like five of them
working so creepy I know budgeting
picture and then some guy keep behind
you like who or you try to take a
picture of his ass but in a jokey way
but I'm thinking I just got busted
no you guys are asking me to take a
picture and show you guys I'm like no I
cannot do that that's really creepy
tympani just talking to him earlier
loyal you jealous do you even know his
name
pardon us the stage fright mouth quietly
yeah he's been like boring her alone for
so long it just feels weird ass see if
you guys want details our description he
has like big brown eyes and he got like
soft brown curls
he's quite crooked he's always sweaty
and in kind of see aspects I guess some
people like happy birthday by the way
honey it became me 30 years old happy
the riper the firt the sweeter juice
this is called foals but it's actually
called false bones am i even just one
bond is actually two ball falls ball we
see as a small testicle inside a larger
testicle so and this area in general is
known as falls road but because these
bowls are in foals is called falls bowls
I pad makes an appearance tonight so who
mommy and daddy could talk over hey
nigga wish daddy English
someone's being greedy
