you wanna go downstairs look at your
hair
sister is having a barbecue today um
Tim's like Tim isn't a big fan of
barbecues and the thing is his throat's
a little sore so it was like could I not
go and I like yeah she could lately from
the book writing he's been helping a lot
and are sad he needs some time alone he
was like are you sure
am I in trouble am I gonna pay for it
later and I was like nope and then I
lived as you can do in a car and I was
like see you later honey shucks funny
cuz he still thinks I'm testing him
which is fine it seems silly like you
want me to come with you
thank you want me to come with yourself
like well be nice if you came but like
it's fine if you don't come because you
know it's nice to get some time alone as
well yeah he's just laughing at himself
today
there's no way to eat salad watch this
guy's you can try as hard as you can but
as long as you're solid you'll always
look like a cow yeah Mindy yeah we're I
think that okay lost our G yeah why
would you say chicken wing
yeah there's no way they either way I'm
having
hey mama ah kai is very disappointed
he's only here for the barbecue for Tim
and I'm like sorry guy needs his own a
long time we all know what that means
what nothing under the sea was it well
it's a cross more
time to just faster themself
means that he's going to jerk off lovely
barbecue were having indoors when I tell
mom to not give any nachos Isaac it
translates to giving him the entire bowl
mom just showed me a video of a man
trying to pull a car with his penis oh
yeah pinball so had a really nice time
at my sister's my time to meet my spin
for dinner he liked noodles
I'm not Neuros noodles I just had
noodles mmm he's so happy I almost feel
guilty I think that sums up he has no
idea what's coming for him
boy oh one minute after oh oh he's
forgotten avoid Isaac what happened to
your leg my leg off in our process this
is the book I'm currently reading my
cousin Yanni was so sweet we decided to
pop down where I live even though she
lives so far away drop this book for me
this look spoke a lot to her and she is
thought maybe it was giving me more
inspiration for my writing Thank You
Annie I'm really liking it so far
take away his hair that looks just like
Isaac peach very hard honey
Oh Arnie the most pleasant kid on the
block it's been a while since he's been
a puppy I wonder why they always because
so confused why do you I need to wear
these shorts today coz I've never worn
them and I bought them because in the
moment I thought cool it has tassels I
feel like a cowgirl and I'm like why did
I buy this but I'll wear it anyway
because I don't want to waste it don't
worry for today
it's leaking bleaching what a nice word
beauty is fleeting
Toys R Us it's like Disneyland for kids
click better than Disneyland oh it's
different from the one that I have at
home so since his birthday is this
weekend we're going to see if there is
any bits and bobs we could pick up for
the partay for the birthday boxes for
the kids I did to get the kids like
bubble guns as a gift for coming and
nitin want to get this for Isaac yeah he
can be like I'm like no everybody has
the same thing you look high terrifying
is this happy but he likes the cheap
toys he doesn't get amused with like all
the expensive stuff even a fiver yes you
can play with the entire duration in the
store it's Bailey the whale I cry
watching finding doors we keep losing
Isaac because you know he's tiny and he
keeps running away really fast Oh what
do you know we should get him bait if he
has a mentality that as long as he likes
something daddy gets a for him what's it
gonna be like when he's older you like
it you want it we came here to look for
a party bag
tim is going online and see if you can
get a cheaper good twist my brownie look
I'm looking for you know the baymax
hi um there's a toy that you press a
button like the actual punch fly boat
hoping if I get it I could make ice a
chase as bad was it and hit him oh my
gosh I'm really getting it for myself
all the toys he's holding on to a price
hike totally falling for it just don't
look at him the good thing is he won't
cry if you don't get it for him come on
baby let's go oh there you go now he's
doing this
you're both careful honey are we buying
anything if not let's go what
Oh throw don't wonder you told me walk
through the aisle
you are playing game where we're like
are we in sync with each other okay
honey think of my first okay three
seconds I know it is okay three two
another if we're in the car let's
consumed with our chest a body part
three two one things that comes in a
pair three two one Oh female singer
three two one this shows where I make a
product three two one zero type of tree
three two one and rest
what a first step of clothing three two
one three
oh very no I think we're really not
compatible oh just give us one this one
type of animal through a dog okay
