farts burn because I can take me sane
sometimes I'm hydrogen both of which are
flammable gases
this is family type for hydrogen sulfide
is a 1x9 gas I was let off in farts I
only have 1% battery my camera so quick
update anyways guys suddenly I'm feeling
very very rushed maybe I should change a
battery but yeah I'm still filming just
a little catch-up ague noises Isaac
seems to be doing a lot better was
worried he turned into a different child
just in time for his second birthday in
about two weeks time and turns out well
ho boy turns out it was because of
something known as handsome earth
disease I rushed assault on his back
yeah ulcers and is my funny yet the
fever so a party is really uncomfortable
so that explained why he wasn't eating
cuz for a moment because you guys know
Isaac right and he loves a geek very
like he's finally fool for those who
have been asking about hi the decorating
has been going it's been going wonderful
I have been waiting for this opportunity
for so long so one has presented of
course I was happy and then I had the
past a graceful period where I had to
stop telling people I'm writing a book
and actually write a book the
expectation of writing a book scared me
or tell my editor like I I'm not good
for my words like I don't even pronounce
a lot of my words correctly I don't even
spell a lot of words correctly really
goodbye she gave me was to just type as
if I'm talking rather than trying to
make it look smart because she said that
that really helped a lot and I think
what really made me procrastinate was
fear and I just couldn't work on my
laptop so Tim brought my iMac back from
Hong Kong and for weeks i sat upstairs
in my office and I would just stare at
the screen I think that was the hardest
part starting off and once I got started
I just couldn't stop typing so I started
off by just going one word at a time and
then it was one page and
time every day I look forward to going
upstairs and I'm typing away and I'm
really happy with the content so far and
I really hope you guys will enjoy so
things have been crazy I've been doing a
lot of designing and I think I've done
most of that part for the charity
t-shirt designs which you guys will be
very soon I'm very happy to announce
that my eyeshadow palette will be ready
very soon as well yeah everything has
just been going really well and we've
been keeping busy and I hope you guys
don't mind about the flaws not being a
frequent date is a twentieth which means
that Isaac's birthday is actually only
in like a week and it's hard to believe
that he's going to be two years old we
actually took them to the doctor because
of his hunted in my disease and we asked
you know is it necessary for him to do
speech therapy she said there was no
need because at 2 and 1/2 years old and
a health visitor is going to actually
check in and because in those 6 months
so much development could happen they
told us to wait it out Tim and I were
not really that bothered I know
eventually I think is going to talk you
can't rush brain development so it is o
time every time we just encourage we can
do so if you really need speech therapy
then we could consider that in six
months time ah doggies
which one are you shredded my sanitary
pad is it chubby or as a Domo
I think it's pretty clear
or is it you and this is your punishment
thank you for being normal again I
always the stretch at the opening of a
t-shirt before I put on his head
it's so big a little belly
hey what's five my dad has the exact
same shirt hi one arm other arm I have
no word to describe I think you wanna
fault mommy pick those cheeks make space
for me I'm in the middle
I can't like cartoon like they're always
drawn with four fingers is it that hard
to draw a finger like why why is that
let's read mr. nosy another question is
how come like sometimes farts they burn
your butt like when you know you have
the really lethal vile arts why does it
burn the bum is it because it's like
more concentrated hmm I saw so many
cartoon characters only have four
fingers on each hand set of five is it
too difficult to an extra digit or what
what I said here's the ultimate answer
it is easier to draw cartoon characters
are always simplified versions or
whatever the real-life equivalent is and
four fingers is enough that the hand
doesn't exchange three fingers looks
unusual five is too detailed for us one
I didn't expect him to actually go look
up why do some farts burn Google farts
burn because I can take methane
sometimes an hydrogen both of which are
flammable gases farts burn with the blue
yellow flame so it's actually hot this
is family time for hydrogen sulfide is a
1x9 gas does not offer
Clark maybe in every vlog we can we can
put a question and get an answer
Dennis bong why do you like
ruining moon why don't they look still
weird and this in X and are you born
Kelly's like can you believe that's our
child look at him he looks like me
no no what's it like to have a twin
awesome
it's like so weird to know that you're
an individual you're not twin but you'd
actually have like a mother child being
born money could mean I didn't have you
talking about you talking to me I'm
talking to you
that's my New York accent Tim like the
rate stories but when he does he does it
with a Belfast accent it was a warm
sunny morning in his small house on the
other side of the wood mr. tickle was
asleep and the Belfast accent it sounds
like this
it was a warm sunny morning in this
small house at the other side of the
word mr. Tucker was asleep like it was a
warm sunny morning it ain't nothing
appropriate good night guys
please get in it oh good night don't
wanna sleep
