on my way aid our final dress fitting
for my best friend because she is
getting married in two weeks three weeks
I'm so wait a very first time from jindo
you guys will only see my reaction
because all these days this be a
surprise
it's a great dress-up shoes and there's
be a little hey lovely Annie really
suits you
yeah yeah just had lunch is too gloomy
get people more lawn every two weeks and
we actually have a pre-op gardener he
something like a cake Brian I like these
soft curls and Tim told me just there
that's a motor lawn with his papa when I
was there
Oh was it like give me details he was
sweating on the trip pissed on his torso
on the South heavy and he fix his hair
because I'm not eating the limine I
can't look at the special I think he
likes walking the dogs more than the
dogs like getting walked let's go
I think you can't handle chubby chubby I
want myself almost always though and
Alessa is like walking wait wait wait
maybe once your attention I think little
but you've got a big
like this Isaac ah Jack Timothy in the
house tonight and decided six tonight
says he wants to be the next food in
Ramsey
what's of the double spatulas hopefully
this will distract him for up by four
minutes easy ever steak is cooked well
it doesn't need sauce Isaac what what
are you doing I got the Brighton on
leaving it overnight and tomorrow they
should be nicely to intrude
what's your favorite thing about mommy
he does this to me really I think is
this how you repay mommy after all her
youth is gone
Oh biggest smile oh he knows it's guys
dig what's the time for ah what a
miserable day miserable Northern Ireland
we do not need really mood calm it
constantly rains here very nice listen
to you when working
Oh balls
held on me I will begin
you
yeah bitch
waiting for Tim Tim is off to get some
rice noodles from the Asian supermarket
I realized that today for my book I've
written 10% so far so roughly no book
there's about I think 60,000 words and I
have about 6,000 more it's done
I don't know if you guys have been
keeping up with the Olympics I do that I
have especially the swimmers it's came
in the post today
he loves paw patrols so I got him a paw
patrol dinner set and cutlery set really
hoping this will encourage him to feed
better he heritage my crazy stubbornness
and also Tim's laziness so when you're
stubborn about being lazy is really hard
to encourage into speed maybe seeing his
favorite team when he's eating will help
not only did have to do really boring
stuff my goodness guys it's working six
points well-spent
paw patrol to the rescue literally when
I was touring around Asia a really sweet
subscriber gave me these masks but
basically they're like partner masks so
you add water so it forms a paste so the
one that I just used was a firming
awesome actually use a couple of them
and I was pleasantly surprised the
results
just rinse my face and it feels very
firm updated skincare regime after
washing my face I go on to use my
frankincense intense concentrate if I
were filling with those beauty video
I'll film this product this
reality I'm like feels good
afterwards I see special oil of course
this one is from a soap a soup is all
depending on my skin sometimes I only
use facial oil but I find that in the UK
where the weather tends to be drier it's
not enough I still use it in my routine
regardless because I just had
moisturizer it wouldn't be enough it
still needs the facial oil moisturizer
wise likely have really been liking the
Priore
skin renewal cream actually contains aej
which stands for alpha hydroxy acids a
DHA is great for fighting fine lines but
the only problem with a HK is um it
tends to make your skin more Sun
sensitive so you have to wear sunscreen
I always forget to bring it down my neck
and then of course in a chocolate eye
cream and I'm still using my Estee
Lauder advanced night repair it is the
bee's knees
little busy Sandford I exactly did
beanies come around
so let's look it up bees carry pollen
back to the hive and sacs under legs
it's tempting to explain this phrase as
alluding to the concentrated goodness to
be find around a bee's knee but there's
no evidence to support this explanation
I just spent a few minutes reading this
post and I'm even more confused urban
dictionary is an old term that means
cool yes I noticed but where did the
origin come from phrase bee's knees
means sweet and good because knees of
the bee are what all the sweet good
stuff is collected oh okay no that's I
understand
