ready I think we're ready to go look at
your hair
are you excited yeah just the hairdryer
doesn't work my hair is so flat but it's
okay
because I feel it's helped me become a
much better for what they will mix and
similar identities is so important
because I know that's it work because
would have never happened and there was
just a better way to celebrate this is
the first time in ten years you've
joined me on a on a work trip right
mommy rode it honey it's gonna be a
great turn i all the books are
completely sold out in the store so
thank you so much for the support guys
yes sir new dough which part I should
read B my first time doing a reading
it's gonna feel so since the hairdryer
isn't working in our apartment there was
no cold water I couldn't do my hair but
you know what I figured
doesn't matter my girlfriend's help me
get all these like if it's on in the end
I ended up wearing something that I
thought was me because I felt like this
book is all by being true to yourself I
would have come here feeling like myself
oh girl I hope it's okay she's trying to
like mingle of everyone we sharing kiss
waltzes he's having a blast here
more so than everyone else
okay would be dating a little bit of
waiting for you guys enjoy unbuckled
person doesn't just dream the dream they
live the dream a nine day span
vertically challenged at four foot
eleven but I'd have big dreams this is
what makes me uncomfortable
we're all living in our own separate
house but essentially we're all
traveling and staying journey of making
ourselves beautiful even in your journey
I've been watching from quality before
you know calling her
huge inspiration comes like perspective
how to really feel
- following your blog since I was in
high school now I'm getting my secondary
and I just want to look so much of a
food so inspirational to me and
everything's not so much so thank you so
much
I've been following you for the past
light years of my life and you're like
one of the biggest influences in my life
and I feel like I know you but I just
in so many ways
whatever whatever comes along thank you
so much
like you're like an inspiration to
everyone thank you thank you very much
thank you thank you so much thank you
to our
Oh
thank you
just gonna come are you the last one in
the room yeah he's good enough good last
one is the last one okay thank you so
much
fortunately have all your gifts turned
so I can't bring it back so they're
gonna post it all back to me so don't
worry guys
you're back home in Northern Ireland and
I have been hoping to make this quick
video you guys and there's just so many
things that might hurt that I want to
say and I don't really know where to
begin
first of all great news today I woke up
to find that our book is number one
bestseller for teens and young adult
author fee on Amazon so go us thank you
so much for supporting the book whether
you got a physical paperback or
downloaded from Amazon so amazing being
able to see all your faces and I in
Barnes and Noble and I couldn't remember
the room so clearly just because it was
so special I wish this was captured on
video but the moment you guys sang happy
birthday for me was just it was just a
cherry of the cupcake and it's just the
best night ever thank you so much for
celebrating with me thank you so much
for taking the precious time and energy
to come see me and if in the end we
couldn't cross paths I just want to say
I'm really big sorry I asked for nobody
to be turned away I wanted to make sure
every single book was signed and I
thought every book was signed
I can only apologize dude I did
everything in my power to make sure I
could see every single one but it was
just impossible with all my heart I'm
just so sorry if I
see your face and there's quite a few
people who have to go but they laugh
ladders for fell above scrubbers to pass
on to me miss I will read every single
letter I really warms up my heart to
know that I love you guys make new
friends that night was just such a
special evening we weren't planning to
bring Isaac because he had been a little
bit more emotional for the first couple
days trying to sell in and it was cold
there's nothing for him the plain
apartment I guess I wanted to be books
Beauty for tonight rather didn't focus
mommy but that night for some reason he
had enough and Tim said let's bring him
it's such a special night for me and
it'll be just so nice to have him there
and if I said gets tired
Tim can take him home and I'll go by
myself that's fine
quite anxious fi having him there I
wasn't sure how he would react at a
cried I was worried it'll be too much
for him
but for whatever reason he absolutely
loved the attention and he was playing
with you guys giving you guys hugs
fist bump high-fiving and just having
that total blast I think in the end he
got really tired and I did feel bad so a
lot of people in a queue and I did
really want to sign every book so I
talked to my guys at home by the time I
finished they were actually still there
but Isaac was all smile especially when
he saw that a really sweet bob scrapper
got him a little Marshall paw patrol toy
on a car ride home he kept saying email
of friends oh thank you guys so much for
making his night so yeah it's been about
a week since the book has been released
and it's already been a best-seller and
when you properly been going through
your Instagram tags and you have no idea
just how happy it makes me feel so thank
you so much for spoiling a book so so
glad you guys are enjoying it if you
have read the book that will mean so
much to me
you let me know your feedback through
writing everybody whether it's on almost
when I left so ever good or bad if I
ever write another book can definitely
work off the input I hope uh she flicked
through each page is just going to even
more love compassion and inspiration
into your life it was so amazing seeing
your beautiful faces and it's just
amazing to feel your burst of kindness I
can only be apologetic again we're
having it being so rushed I really did
the best that I could either way I know
that you absolutely made my night
whether you were there or not know that
you were there spiritually with me at
night a lot of you guys told me that
you've pretty much been with me from the
beginning for like a decade and to me
we're in a serious relationship thank
you so much for believing in this girl
for keeping up with this girl you know
through my imperfections and faults I
made along the way thank you for not
giving up on me thank you for being my
inspiration thank you for being you just
thank you thank you thank you a lot
because I've been asking once if they're
going to be available by the physical
paperback version of my book because
exclusive the Barnes and Nobles for the
first six months so to get the book you
can only go to either Barnes & Noble
store or go on the website and yes they
do ship globally alternatively if you
want the book right away in your hands
well not the physical book the e-book to
be downloaded to your iPad or your phone
you can buy it on Amazon Kindle after
six months the physical book will be
available worldwide which is 12th of
June and I hope that solves all the
confusion I love you guys please take
care of yourself and Merry Christmas
