this is someone who thought a tied to a
banana I picked up this plant
spontaneously let's hope I could keep it
alive somebody put on my hallway so I
put him inside the shower for five
minutes so he can reflect on his
behavior fail about this is I was gonna
just go to their bedroom for a bit and
this guy refused to leave da mo for the
entire five minutes or he was just
playing of the toy don't do it again
okay okay the way do you guys like my
new bed sheets reminds me of a fairy and
I'm like a beachy Sun sort of feeling
cool I made a suit where the kids eat by
themselves wow look it's like a penny
girl that's adults can eat in peace
daddy please - what yeah oh yeah watch
ringa ringa Rosie's keep going together
a broken broken good boy such my service
here
imagine how much yeah
you got nothing in your mother's bed
what a great productive day he is being
an absolute menace today and again nice
cup of tea and a strawberry cheesecake
just picked up Tim's - lets go home and
maybe rush back home he told me we're
expecting a parcel today so luckily it's
not here it means I didn't miss it yet
this package came so that's why he told
me to come pick up his package not if
you guys don't know today is actually
tonight 13 year anniversary and four
years ago I got engaged today sorry I
can't be there for 13 year anniversary
and know your favorite flowers are
peonies but you can't go wrong with pink
roses either especially when it comes
from the heart
mmm thank you honey I know it sucks that
Tim and I are on opposite sides of the
earth but you'll be back soon and we can
celebrate our third-year wedding
anniversary I could replace these ones
for these ones now I got these two
frames from Harvey and Norman there she
photo frames but I kind of like how it
looks like this stropped Isaac off at
daycare so I'm just gonna go pick up
some errands these friends and they're
expecting a baby so I'm just gonna go
see if I can get them like a nice little
gift and we have a wedding coming up so
let's see if I could get a cute
Isaac picked up niece's birthday present
got the stuff where Tim got the supper
Isaac got the stuff we're friends baby
my turn to come shopping in a garden
center this is what my life has come to
I'm gonna be getting these daisies and
this is called Dixie so what did I get
for Isaac's wedding outfit I was asking
the girl like do you think this looks
okay for a wedding issues like yeah go
like this
 sauna I like the color is just
different from your ordinary so like
fancy so this one looks cute right some
some joggers bottoms I really like
high-heeled Ikhwan caps so I got him
like another one so you can like quag
bring like a little doggie
such a cute it's gonna be a fall /
winter baby so something to keep him
cozy just a set of Grohe
so we have a blue in here and then a
grey one on a yellow it reminds me back
then when I used to go shopping for
Isaac member when I was pregnant AB I
got a car the store it's gonna be our
third year winning at a cursory I
figured I'll get Tim some new ties and
shirts because we're offshore wedington
as I told you guys and the one that he
has is my Connell like grey purple you
know that color you get when you put
your wife in a wash and it comes back
all yeah I got him like a funky white
shirt this one already comes to the tie
um I think it looks very nice in the
black suits hi wife here is a gray one I
like this polkadot black one this one
also comes with a pocket square I think
this is imported for a next special
occasion to come ibaka solar things
spontaneously and I just get a missed
call jet kids Tim is either gonna love
this or call me mad I wasn't exactly
cheap like a so like 100 points
basically this is
for children or babies toddlers we
flying Isaac a lot harder thing isn't
when you're an Air Corps and all at
subunit toy making the company but the
hardest thing is getting them to sleep
comfortably monkey pretend this is a
seat from the airplane please take this
off turn it upside I got it into the
hole this actually also has a rolled-up
bed is there gonna select the height
that I want so I believe I just kind of
extend it like this kind of get a bed
ish it's kind of like this I don't know
it seemed like a good idea when I got it
we made two weeks Betty comes back to my
room but mostly I couldn't sleep last
night
well he will go at 6:00 and I just had
trouble sleeping you're gonna be tired
we are on our way to a wedding
waiting for daddy
Cassie's mom hope he goes straight for
the food
and keys are we ready to go yeah yeah
he's ready couldn't be a better day for
a wedding
the weather is just beautiful poaching
at the venue but we're going to check
into our accommodation first could it be
more comfy Earl of azbest good I decided
that instead Isaac is going to be
wearing this because it's a really sunny
day so I think this will be a lot more
cool for him the wear got this a little
back if you guys remember look at the
groom that smile
he's filled all the time way swallows
useful theory
strikes home listen to the people here
I forget us all again
where the nice things
and each other man obey
Oh
all he cares about this mook much
you
