he's like I'm dead
ky why are you singing in my bathroom
because it has good acoustics here you
know I would complain because of 2:00
a.m. but it's really nice
meanwhile my brother is doing this
to your houseguests do this more
extremes well although he kind of looks
like this all the time filming can I
just kick him on my bed so I got a tonic
at the iceberg oh my goodness usually of
that for I would smell super lucky
everything good
I'm dead she's so tired she's like just
leave me alone
I'm just tired at all day hey paper
there's my brother my cousin Kai stayed
over last night I think I remember
telling Qaeda go sleep rookie I don't
know what happened was sleeping as al
Qaeda maxing me is fine
you know I grew up sleeping next to my
little cousin and then I get it a bit to
brush my teeth and I realized he's
taking all those clothes off except for
us boxers is that weird
he said it's not weird Domo has fur he
has fur your eat Barry they have hair
you're like a dolphin you're slippery
and slided good you're like half a
you're like a mer me my spine up just
came on by itself but is playing this
creepy music box music why are you
behind my bathtub guy
actually my brother want to mine for our
charity t-shirts I really like it so far
dig here no I think I want to have it
kind of this small and tasteful ultra
small right here I know it's just me but
I've always been quite freaked out by
Thomas the Tank Engine
he looks pervy I'm he always looks
guilty
I love the smell of freshly washed
clothes fresh out of the tumble dryer oh
the worm just want to like sleep in this
deck mmm my tea it's like as his body
waits for his daddy to leave to fall
sick but it's okay I've been lifting my
camera for the past few days because Tim
has been away and that someday today is
Friday so he's been gone for six days
already almost halfway there guys just
when I was on fire and flogging a lot
I've kind of broken this trick again so
today I'm gonna be using my camera just
what Amy and I are in Ikea
we're living the typical Hoyts wife life
idea on a weekday in the afternoon we
don't put my foot in French people
thought it was you know okay we can get
rid of each other even if we tried so
we're having meatballs and fries
Dolf no stop and came here to buy a limb
buying everything but a lump
70% off come on Annie we have to run
towards this money should a trolley like
this stuff we've got already you want
it's a sale it's like Oh Mike it is a
picnic box gonna have to get it but that
we don't even have picnics I think we
need to leave I'm back home guys what
did i buy I'll start off with a IKEA I
like the look of having like a spread
over at the end of my bed and I love I
want this white but I don't like it when
it feels heavy
this one from Ikea is like a really
sudden fabric so even have a system
problems like it it won't make me feel
suffocated I got two artificial buns and
I got it in these little basket things
because I think it makes it look so much
cuter I was going to get a real one an
attempt to keep it alive and then I saw
that they have something like this so
why chance it these are a little
popsicle sticks and it means I can make
healthier ice pops for Isaac and I maybe
I could freeze like strawberries bananas
and put it in the juice so I'm sure I
think it's going to really really love
it I learned pestle kit from Ikea
I really gotta cuz I needed a sharpener
but then I realized the pencils actually
turns to watercolor so that's quite
interesting so like a box from you to
store things and in my office is sort of
have a theme it's more like white copper
and either baby pink or baby blue so
this goes well I also picked up a doozy
actually because we have guests staying
over in August until September all the
way back we passed a place called VHS
and they're actually completely closing
door and I'm hoping to get some really
good bargains because like we loved your
tiles unfortunately even though the
store says 70% off the tiles were only
30% off but because I had some
instead of getting tiles I had to get
some so I made a complete mess out of
the store just going through two tiles
getting the size that I want yes my best
friend told me I have to get the magic
eraser because up hiring you just add
water and it cleans your stuff really
well like taps tiles spots sinks pots
pans washing up chrome floor Ballsbridge
Fraser Albans trainers shoes and so much
more
I'm very intrigued this is when you know
you're turning into your house boy oh
when I comes with like bed sets so I got
this duvet set I want to like the color
and if I think it matches the theme on
my bedroom so it looks like this and
then this one is probably too girly for
my liking but again it was so pretty and
then jazz no I love my polka dot step
but the only problem is the one I have
at home like the quality it's not that
great actually the quality pretty but
and then I got a set of curtains for the
guest room
I love this ski when I'm working and I
when I go out for some fresh air I can
just open my window almost feels like on
my side like a balcony orange juice ice
Popp
