I'm going to write business emails at
today's one is interesting would you
sell me a pair of your panties
how much for them do you like big ones
I've been living in your new house for
quite a while now and this is the only
week where I've actually been in this
room like every day making chicken
tarragon today Tim maybe you're watching
and you're here this is what you would
be having for lunch
ah
I made two portions of sauce so there's
a lot I think no one complains about
having too much sauce anyway
it's amazing like chubby never misses
always pretty you can do it baby you
never caught it before come on yeah
chubby amazing ready Oh amazing I think
I just gave me my first gift came in it
was a little happy you know that really
sweet but also kind of sinister smiley
has so yeah he wandered and he was
really happy and I was just thinking
okay what did you do
he was waddling over like this really
happy and I was like what do you have
there and then he gave me something
something small and then he watered off
I found out about it and I was like this
and it's a slimy kind of yellow it was a
legit piece of dried-up snot it's
personal he made himself sometimes I
swear this kid is Korean Tim and I were
Chinese and it seems like he speaks
anything but Cantonese so many of you
guys have witnessed him call me Omaha at
a time I never taught him that and then
like just there in the kitchen he said
fine yeah and by Leah I think ingredient
is hurry up and I get I don't know are
some sorted station which is Mandarin
for yes so he'll say everything but
Cantonese
Hey and then what does the traffic Oh
Gloria I've always loved you I stayed
over at my in-laws last night they're
really sweet I think they know that I'm
maybe I'm too much pride but I'm not the
type that would ask for help so whether
I like London you know you can always
stay over it before they finish out lie
okay yes I stayed over for tonight and
I'm going back today really really
excited today guys I was on the phone
with my manager and we were talking
about our plans to build more schools
for this year so last year we had a
target to build to Sue's mission
succeeded and this year were aiming to
build three schools so again I'm just
working on this year's designing is he
ready to do something totally different
and I'm so excited with the idea so far
and I think you guys are going to really
love it hey wave my and multi really
nice and especially when it comes to my
father-in-law he's not the type that
says a lot of stuff I think he sees that
when Isaac is around me he tends to be
more whiny I'm Moni
so when he sees that I'm kind of like
busy trying to get something you'll just
take him away for a moment I'm working
on something and it's like quite dull
he'll actually just open the light
before he walks away so he's like the
very subtle type he's not the type I
would express himself but he would do it
the reactions instead so when I was
telling Tim this symbols like oh my dad
signs just like me were just the same
and I was like you know who's just like
you your son because he has started to
pick his nose all the time oh yeah yeah
oh MacDonald had a farm yeah
okay here's a little update on Isaac I
know I suppose in a very like violent
baby he is gonna be 2 next month exactly
one month time and it's only recently he
really started to mimic us like
yesterday with the patient and I said
bitch even though he's a bit of a late
bloomer he is making progress what's
really amazing is when I was little all
I ever did was write my own story books
and draw I always thought when I grow up
I'm gonna be a story writer always
wanted to be an illustrator my it's
funny how I think good I like years and
years and years later I've gone to a
different path but you know especially
with the book that I'm working on and I
being able to design and draw or the
campaign for the schools like I think I
just kind of really incredible high not
much a change after all even though a
lot is different this morning I came to
the kitchen and my mama ma she does Tai
Chi so she was using this sword and
actually I don't know how I but actually
goes all the way out and she was like
philetus you know like she was just just
so fit she was like going in a routine
and she turn right and there is me
walking in and I was like oh she's like
what's wrong and I was like I think I
pulled a muscle last night that is when
you know you're getting old when you can
like pull myself from sitting on a desk
little guys a bit happy today
the reason he's crying guys is because I
shut the door and then he started crying
when I open the door again he cried even
more Baker what's wrong what's wrong
wrong I see
