I got the lips because I'm bold hi
everybody its Bob on hugs today we are
ready for some action
oh yeah connection today we're very very
excited because Listerine are sending
Tim and I on a fun bold adventure we
have a big giant box here Listerine
there Dunas study where they find that
people who use Listerine are more likely
to do all things you must be really cool
today
my while we are very excited about this
I'm also kind of terrified do we dare
maneuver the child okay so we have a lot
of things here we have roof strong and
hard wearing those if on you mm head
strap and chest harness
are we actually MacCabe be sunglasses
sunscreen SPF 100 woo a selfie stick
what's this oh they're the hardest clips
on there are more money okay
runners whoa little scared course we
have the three and shut flaps
hello Lindy you've been selected as one
of Lissa rings both guineo taste and
effort to test several of the findings
from our study uphold the finding you'll
be testing is Listerine users are more
likely to write a sip wine someone as
bullish you won't have a problem with
Heights right Tony you have to go right
no honey you're coming everything says
you
each of the items in the box will help
you in your journey so embrace the bold
Bablu pin and take a leap well sure
don't forget to double check that Cara
biner spring hyperbole I have to say I'm
a little relieved that we're not going
bungee jumping you've been supplying
before ways you're gonna be scared is
really fast
Hisle scare me so much just feed it
speed we have quite a lot to prepare and
we shall be easy
okay supply ting here we go this is very
spontaneous frickin lost him I'm bending
over there
catching pok√©mon on our way to capture
play sporadic its brother in park bumper
cars help he's helped no I don't stick
over cars because I was saying oh
excited to be going to Liverpool as it
is a little long or headed for Wales
where the I think it's europe's longest
and fastest zip line it's actually
closer to liverpool
let's go I didn't really sleep that well
last night I think I was just nervous if
not hike that scares me it's speed that
scares me
Ione goes 100 miles lower we're
somewhere close to most like it must be
there just a big wire there sounds like
Tim that's that's just an electric cable
undesigning way of life I just want your
toilet so I don't like pee myself easy
from the wires like as high as those
lines so it goes through there all the
way over there that is George long get
some fastest zipline you know what I got
myself into but on another note look at
that I think it's absolutely good my
nice is it look like a new hello mother
Teresa she's just saying just do it here
they come oh you hear the wires
did you hit it here is an airplane no no
Superman at least this is the closest I
will ever feel to be super mean we
decide to do this challenge is because
it's called the bold challenge and I
just thought this is almost like fate
because for my eyeshadow palette I've
named one of the eyeshadows bold so I
thought this must be a sign if I could
be bold and do this I could do anything
you can do anything
mm-hmm you need to peek of course it's
super important for us to be properly
geared up so we don't fall and plunged
our deaths and as suits are very heavy
they've had no accidents before good to
hear good to hear basically when I'm
going dying you guys can see my reaction
a very flattering angle as you can see
not before we did a crazy-big subline we
warm up by doing the smaller one first
but in my opinion it's not that small at
all unlike the traditional zip lines
this one you actually lay flat as if
like Superman so you fly faster alright
here we go with a little zipper feel
like I'm a baby on a giant door
all right so now that my courage has
been built up and I'm feeling more bold
it's time to make our way up to the big
one oh boy time for the real deal bird
take like a bird
this is legit the closest I will ever
feel the flying the scariest part is
when it gets really windy I'm starting
to swing and it really feels like you're
going to be knocked off the wire
totally drill dude having a victory
burger who did it we did it
Thank You mr. een I felt very very bold
today
