oh hi beautiful yeah be careful oh by
the way guys yes I do have snapchat I'm
really trying to use it more as I say
the filters brings me back to it happy
guys respond revolve it I cheated darken
it but it's not dark as I thought it
would be just because my blonde was all
the way up here Joe so freshened up the
tips for Mitch I like it even though
initially I wanted to get color I find
that I have to like bleach it again so I
was like I think I'm just gonna let my
hair rest and next time I can think of a
color I was watching a video on my phone
on YouTube and I don't know how I kept
clicking clicking and then I ended up
just you know catching up with Michelle
bounce videos even though I don't see
Michelle a lot we don't chat a lot I you
know I've always looked up to Michelle
and I still see her as a huge
inspiration of my life I've watched a
few of her um
videos on YouTube where she was an
interview it's so amazing like this girl
like she is so incredible under person
I'm not for nosing Michelle but I'm just
so proud of her like there's no words to
just explain how proud I am of her Tim
just came in he saw that I was watching
her videos and I said to him like
Michelle is incredible and he said are
you jealous and I said nope but her
lesson guys instead of being jealous of
someone and trying to put them down by
judging them and just looking for a
thing that's wrong with it
understands that you could be inspired
by then you can be motivated by the
money and learn from them it's opened
the patio door to get some fresh air in
we haven't been vlogging lately because
the whole family has been quite sick he
seems to be the one who has at worst
buddies her happiest one Wow
hi beautiful
Wow butterfly oh oh I come to me I
wonder hello beautiful come to me yeah
be careful sorry baby but don't touch it
you just had a heart attack seems okay
typical moment of all he toddlers can be
so destructive him and I we've been sort
of naked quite like dizzy started off a
couple days ago and dinner I realized
that every time I stood up I felt like I
was getting kid rush as long as I'm not
laying dying
my head would spin she'll be having the
time of her life like I feel like I'm
still her mercury
like a blizzard Wow
yeah thank you grandma sighing I'm
literal day color FX custom cover drops
dirt raving reviews about and I know
you're supposed to mix it with your
serums and stuff but it just don't work
of everything I actually like using on
its own so I only use about a dropper -
so chubby Ferg I find that it works
perfectly fine on its own even though
you're not supposed to eat I'm gonna go
visit her granny Bub's today it's been a
while since I've seen her guys hmm
I seek insight with daddy and they're
off on a little shopping trip together I
think that's been like a little a little
bummed today I must just be like that
time the month this morning I was going
through some of my older blogs below ago
we're talking about when I was in my
life
late stages of my pregnancy totally made
me smile but you know just amazing and
just how much things change
like just cheers later me think about
some of the broken the friendships we've
had along the way I guess I just felt a
bit sad thinking about it we were in
Hongkong we used to hang around with his
friends and we used to see each other
all the time
and honestly a lot of times it was like
to highlight of my week being able to
see them unfortunately there was a fart
and I would say it's because of me I
think it's mainly between Tim and our
friends I got the point where I think we
were just so disappointing each other
and there was disagreements along the
way I think each other's parts were
broken so now I hi our thing things are
I guess things are good we're not like
highways to be of course we barely even
see each other I think if we were to see
each other I will say
and stuff that support it people say
time heals and I do believe in that and
maybe in the future we'll become better
friends again but ever be hi used to be
probably not I do like to keep up with
them through Facebook I kind of like
stop but I like to see how they are
because they recently had a baby a
beautiful baby boy I wish I could be
there mentally for her because I know
it's tough being a mom but sometimes I
think it's better for me to stay at a
distance and just you know wish them the
best from afar just a little sad looking
back because Tim's gonna be 30 soon when
Tim was 28 when we celebrated Tim's
birthday there I was watching the flog
and they were they're annoying you know
Tim's gonna be 30 and they won't be
there guess I should bother Tim more but
if I felt what upset because I normally
don't follow it with people I don't
think I fall and I love them but I know
that for sure it's affected my
friendship with them because of what
happened
I do feel grateful and glad things
didn't end up in a way where they hate
each other and I honestly do believe
that we hope the best for each other
much as you want to fix things you just
need to use time of the healer this
thing on my face you may be wondering um
I told you like I bought a bunch of like
weird Japanese products and I thought
I'll do a testing video I don't think I
do anymore let's just say there's a
reason why it didn't take off and to
mass production looks like an empty
frame but then it has this sort of wire
and the whole deal is you're supposed to
wear this and it's supposed to train
your eyelid what person in their right
mind could keep this on for even more
than one hour I know I can't
I can barely blink trying to make notes
for my editor and if you get it - no I
am working on a book and I'm so excited
project wise it's my biggest project yet
but money wise is probably going to be
the project that brings in the lease but
I'm so excited
for my entire life I've always always
always wanted to write a book dearly
with all my heart
I really hope that this book will be
helpful for y'all and when I was having
the meeting I made it really clearly I
don't want a ghostwriter I don't want a
ghostwriter understand that ghost
writers are very common and just a lot
of times it's the only way to have a
book but I feel like because this is my
book and needs to have a strong presence
of me in it so that they looked for an
editor just to help me along the way and
I was talking to your nails expressing
to her like my grandma isn't that great
as she said look don't worry so much
about how your writing should be right
as if you're talking and that made it so
much easier for me
