via who's he gonna punch repeat my
because of it I have something I want to
show you guys I guess you'd call it a
mishap okay so basically both really
video idea I had an idea where I will
test a bunch of I guess you call these
products slightly unique product some
possible fat products so I ordered a
bunch of stuff buy one of them came
yesterday and I thought I check it out
so I'm sure you guys are not new to lip
pumps and you guys have heard about the
Kylie lip Jenner challenge where people
were using like shot glasses and like
candle holders and stuff but can
actually get pump this up
so when Amazon and I had cut a lot of
good reviews I thought okay I'm gonna
I met writers are in a name of research
as you can obviously see do any reason
it would look bigger is because it looks
as if I've got like some sort of shadow
or - yeah looks like a big bruise on
it's been there since last night last
night it was actually like dark purple
dots almost like little tiny hickeys and
then it went a bit and I completely
forgot about it and then this morning
Tim would I say let me solve and he was
like you didn't weird that is why I have
a bruised life this must be a common
thing that happens to people either that
our mad lips are just so small that it
just bruises the top of my amaya as well
well it looks like this looks like a
pair of lips and you open it up and you
just put your mouth on after about 10 50
seconds as stars are hurt a little bit
so I think I helped Maya for about 30
seconds and even 30 seconds was enough
for this to happen recommendation wise
know if you guys want fuller lips just
use lip liner and a good lipstick unless
this is the sort of look you're going
for Worf our nation today so they
couldn't really see it let's see to me
notices also do this as a hobby Lucy go
first repeat my okay don't get so this
is what my lips look like on the third
day anyways
tomorrow I'm getting my hair flared not
quite sure what I'm going for
you know my hair is really light I
noticed that when I tie it up it shows a
lot of the dark bits and then I realized
that I actually really suit having
darkness on my hair everything I want to
ask you guys for opinion is Isaac is
going to be - in end of August so we
want to throw a party for him and we're
thinking of making it a dress-up theme
oh - again what do you think Tim Isaac
and I she dress abuzz who's gonna help
Tim look we're pulling out the weeds
apparently that's what you do
on new grass when statistics was all you
can use weekly look so you go right at
the base are you poor this is actually
very therapeutic for me Tim knows I've
been a little stressed lately so you can
imagine this is this is my face you had
to be careful honey though just in case
you step on dog poo I feel a bit bad
feeling sorry guys it's not so bad for
maybe if you're not doing it right of
course your backs gonna hurt what you do
is you go like this you have actually
squat no no does the agent squat because
a lot of people can actually squat so
you do is you have to make sure all your
all your feet so you're not tiptoeing
all of it and you scroll all the way low
and up higher any um a lot of Caucasians
can't do it I don't believe it
some of these for example for this one
if I pull it II if I pull this right the
writ isn't that big but sometimes I feel
like something that looks quite small in
the surface and its got like a huge root
most like a life lesson sometimes you
look at someone and it seems like they
have it all but then underneath they're
not fully rooted in the foundation some
plants my like nice and small and copy
but underneath inside they're very full
of life deeply rooted on the ground with
stability yeah
baby wake up wake up honey
oh my god want you to wake up have
another one I have to do exact same
thing welcome lady good morning
at least you're easy to wake up even
when it was so nice boys we had over one
slit second
ghal British weather or Northern Irish
weather actually
remember yesterday before you got off
the car they come on theme song came on
yeah
I was so angry got like oh yeah ready to
just have a black and then in Brisbane
serious I kept like talking over like oh
ha Pokemon I loved this game when I was
little which is which is your favorite
Pokemon when people do that let me
listen to my song I was reading your
comments yesterday and one of you guys
commented Cindy I think a Tim Feld lit
we are so lit Porto no babe his lips I
think everything on my lips are mostly
gone I took four days he's like get your
hood up but yet he's wearing something
that doesn't even cover the arms it's
okay Tim's like arms aren't meant to be
dry anyway the attachme the traitor I
never thought it takes such a small
amount of time to get so wet that's what
she said
you're really gonna grab some breakfast
before getting my hair I'm not sure once
again
but maybe a darker color and then the
kind of color and again a lot especially
because I want to be bridesmaid you want
to keep the bride happy of course once
again
let me in the hour the coming
that was a test and you just passed the
test
you just fearful is what our
relationship has come to guys were in
the sword 9:00 in the morning
after you get your hair washed up anyone
thank you thank you
get tonic funky-fresh we're heading off
to duty drona grab breakfast oh and it's
also also a chance for me to look at
gardening stuff I might do guards ek
last night before was a bed I was like
licking up high decree egg a flower bed
why not my own little Zen garden
specifically lavender I love them like a
lavender but I've been told that it
attracts a lot of bees tell me
Oh money please happened air these are
so beautiful what are these purple ones
as well I want these I want these
something keeps happening guys
when Tim and I have a conversation I end
up speaking in third person for a month
well hem and I would have a conversation
and then I'd say oh isn't he so weird
guys apparently the capital gems like
okay
