Isaac and Adi awesome Wow even though
like we live in the UK there's just so
many cities we haven't like really
explored we are almost there stop by in
one of these very late homie restaurant
I have a thing like where I quit her
rushman and there's a like a flower in
front of me I have to touch to see if
it's real
just fake it's actually first time
staying in a B&B
when we got here we were like oh yeah
you guys have Wi-Fi and the mom was
really nice is it just any problem is if
it doesn't work I have to say the bed is
surprisingly so comfortable having
breakfast nice thing and the baby it's
very homey as a certain different feel
good morning guys so and this B&B even
though they have Wi-Fi doesn't really
work one of the games that's in place a
lot it's called 2.0 thank you to dots
because I they contacted us recently and
asked that we played a game and if we do
I'm doing mine sharing it this guy has
been playing it for fuse two years tears
tim was teaching me this the other day i
came in handy last night because um
there was no internet so basically we
have to reach these objectives in this
amount of moves and go across you can go
straight or you can go like that but you
can't go diagonal if you could make a
square of the same color of the dots
then all of the dots over come get
cancelled what level are you on date
this one 605 okay
c3 ones or wildcards they can be any
color you want so I wouldn't be green
furry he's a bit picky with games he
never likes the could see ones that I
play
I think you can also connect your
Facebook to challenge your friends as
well if you guys are interested in SAP
you can download for free in Google Play
or the App Store now you're just showing
off
I got new kicks thank you mommy
it's not Wales that you don't see sheep
good time to say goodbye on our way to
the airport to go back to Belfast did
you have a nice time yeah short but to
the point reason we're in Liverpool is
because I gonna keep doing that every
times in Liverpool yeah so the reason
we're in Liverpool hood or actually the
place that we wanted to go to is
actually at North Wales so it just works
are closer to fly to Liverpool to get
there so we actually went on Europe's
fastest longest apply today so what will
be in this video but it's either gonna
be in the one previous sort of an after
this one so I see home sweet home
perfectly good bed but you're on the
floor even the dogs know this I was
going to my phone and I realized there
was some wait really cute and funny
three job basic that I took of my phone
that I forgot to show you guys so I'm
going to show you guys here Isaac and
Daddy awesome
I don't know what I'm doing
didn't even taste it once he's a fake
don't even so if you guys don't know I
actually keep up with the Kardashians I
feel like I've just lost a bunch of
books crabbers but that man when I was
pregnant I wanted to just watch
something so I just put it on and then I
couldn't stop watching so yeah I used to
judge people who watched it but until
you watch yourself I don't know
something about it just makes you keep
watching even though there's so many
parts
obviously staged it's not as good as I
used to be but we're all like I don't
know like a 10 11 for 12 seasons or I
might as well just watching oh my
goodness I need to go to Iceland pretty
go see happy is grabbing a bowl
he doesn't like kicking or throwing as
much third morning to never mix it next
time you Jules I'm going to scratch that
so
grabbing lunch before grocery shopping
oh this one yeah wonderfully all right
yes he is drinking and he was asleep
thank you daddy can have it was best to
make the list of groceries before you
because um by the time you finish eating
then you'll feel so cool
afterwards you'd be like we don't need
food pictures oh he's the best little
shopping buddy these days is your
favorite yeah okay yogurt yeah look at
him go Wow someone strong this guy likes
to help
he has helping me of the chores a day
one house putting the clothes in a
washing machine and when I was putting
clothes into the dryer congratulations
Josh wouldn't London Josh is being a
noob you always eat this one at the end
cuz all the rice fills you up you can
call me so strip msg water but I love it
why did he have a go why did I have a
computer in a keyboard here
ah
