we're going on holiday are you kidding
he doesn't know it's only for world are
you I hope you're feeling alright
actually thought about this a few days
ago but it's only you know I brought it
up you know what a baby burps it's cute
and like the bigger it is the more
you're like wow baby
but when Adil Dossett suddenly it's
disgusting why is that why is that
I assure you guys what I said it looks
like I woke up this morning now saying
whoa whoa it's fully snowing outside me
she is I'm meant to fly I was gonna say
wait till I say wakes up something
complain of snow but knowing him it's
gonna be like it's 200 I watched the
whore yesterday I'm going through my
movies oh I know his arms are nothing
compared to yours when the kids asleep
as much as possible I'm mostly packed
for the kids it's kind of funny like if
Tamara on holiday we do easily make do
of a circus between us but the kids you
just have to bring so much
stuff terrible hey Chilly she sleeps oh
who help but trust her to not sleep well
the day before we fly we're going on
holiday are you kidding he doesn't know
it's oniy for you are you ready I think
oh so dark so scary not just driving so
early in the morning but when you know
there's ice and snow everywhere run air
for watch your security so first off in
London and then we're gonna be pitching
a flight to New York you see the plate
outside I just kind of want to complain
with this little boy he's been so
pleasant from the second he woke up he
was like are you happy
it's still my time mmm actually I think
this morning hopefully she'll be okay
and luckily the flight is only one hour
and then another eight hours
if I can play on our way to New York
we miss the play because our flight got
delayed and it's been ages circling in
the air that's got to be the longest
flight ever feels so long and I think
it's because normally we take night
flight so we just sleep and it just some
fireflies but everybody's awake in this
place
finally here safe and signed after 24
hours of traveling I hear things in
mortgage well for us but what's most
important is we're here for safe it is
currently anyways okay we're about
yesterday so it was such an early start
and we left at like 4:45 in the morning
or something that really really early so
you imagine waking up early prepping
everything and then flicking the kids
last could be dressing them asking
minted a car we have to take a car trip
to Dublin first and it was snowing so
with the drive slower but you know that
was fine put the Dublin everything was
cool the flight got delayed and then
because of the weather conditions I had
this circle in the sky for like the
longest time so we land and then the
moment we land we find out that our gate
for our connecting flight the party
boarding already so so stressful trying
to go through security again and the
people at the airport we're just totally
just accepting the urine show them our
tickets up you know our flight is
closing right now and they were just so
chatting away and I don't know what they
were doing it's not funny when you go
kids eventually made it to your flight
we've flown way longer with the kids but
this flight felt really long because we
flew at noon whereas for the other
slices and they fight and they kids to
sleep for at least half of it there's no
one to make before Ayla didn't speak
very well and she didn't sleep very well
and display either which is which is
fine okay again due to weather
conditions I was circling in the sky for
like a whole extra hour and then we
finally in hands would through
immigration nice and quick and then our
lucky she gets lost
so we're to rest three so we're just
missing one which is Tim's the case the
kids were just absolutely
hired Ayla really badly needed to be fed
Isaac was hungry both kids are crying
Isaac said he had a sore tummy aimless
face started get really red she started
to get a well but obviously Tim pot
disorder the baggage stuff the guy that
was arranged to pick us up was getting
pissed off because he had been waiting
hours before and he was telling me he
lost like three other pickup jobs and I
could only be apologetic even though
it's not my fault I didn't know what was
happening just assigning an airport when
my mother-in-law to crying kids
wondering where's Tim what's going on
tried to find my husband people Airport
wouldn't let me see him not moment I was
just thinking this is the worst day I
think they find a luggage but I'll take
like a day or two like it she could hear
or something I don't know what supposed
to come here today we're still waiting
on a phone call it was just such a nice
moment stepping into this apartment just
thinking off we can finally relax feel a
bit bad having to put the kids through
Isaac woke up so happy as you guys know
about the holiday and Wi-Fi danezaa it
was so tired took us over 20 hours to go
door-to-door so Tim is currently resting
just a pair of underwear on and it's so
cold I'm sorry about the heater here I'm
electing that everything went wrong as
long as we are safe it's all matters
right just give a less and medicines
hopefully she'll feel better I think
what upset me the most yesterday was
seeing Isaac cry and cry because his
tummy was sore and of course Ã¦lis face
suddenly went really red she was crying
and she needed to be fed so much but we
had the sort of packaged stuff but I'm
going home and finally feeding and
popping the kids
I seen him smile again it's just I made
everything better for me I'm still
trying to wait for Delta they are a joke
what happened it just disconnected they
gave us the wrong reference number so
even if we go online we couldn't track
it as they gave us the wrong one
just because we're staying here with
kids it makes sense for us to have an
apartment so you walk in here sorry
about the mess
Ayla and I are staying here and we have
a nice speak here this guy we only let
him use their iPod murmur and holiday
cuz we didn't bring anything over so you
know figured he'd be bit bored so we
brought the iPod over here is the
kitchen
you have never sofa here this is my
mother-in-law's room as she is sleeping
with Isaac the bathroom nothing I told
everyone to have fun anyway my Oh Steve
I figured we need to we were at baggage
anyway so they do enjoy themselves so
Ayla and I can chill home today
hopefully it will come soon we were on
the line for our in ha had chickened out
Delta Airlines
an asian-looking until I saw a guy hold
a sign effect in just a moment I just
felt so safe I so reassured that
someone's here different his home above
course of the baggage thing I have to
tell the guy oh you know my husband is
dealing with something else and then the
guy was really really kind he said
missus it's snowing outside I'm gonna
put my car closer because you got a baby
and I'll come in to piggy open I just
really needed a kindness because the
people in the airport were just so
unhelpful and unfortunately so rude
awfully genic humble he says oh you know
you're staying at Hilton right and I
no not help him the moment my heart sunk
to realize no this is not a pick-up guy
I'm so sorry it looks like you know your
Tim doesn't my Tim then the guy who was
so nice to me suddenly just looks so
angry and will by even saying bye or
it's okay or anything he just went I
walked away and I guess in that moment I
just felt so vulnerable the crying kids
didn't need him to help me or anything
but it's just the fact that he just
completely just walked away I don't know
I couldn't even explain that feeling it
was so nice it seemed like such a nice
gentleman and suddenly from the rulers
eyes and walk away I guess I kind of
upset me when I was trying to get into
the baggage services to find my husband
I was holding on Ayla she was crying her
eyes or her face was like almost purple
at this point and then my son Isaac was
just hanging on my leg crying his eyes
out it's not even like it's a security
place it's just baggage services you
know everybody should people go in but a
party my reason wasn't good enough I
think I just I was just disappointed
with the mind of unkindness I just
wanted someone to smile me I felt
disappointed and I know this is just one
of those days it's been a whole day
afterwards everything is okay I think
yeah I guess I just need to let all that
pass I have been anticipating me after
everything I cannot wait to see you guys
this way just trying to turn come on you
can do it turn turn turn
come on turn come on a left
Wow
do it again do it again do you get ready
get ready to turn okay come on do for me
one more one more time okay does she
just stay okay okay I know what you need
then then then then then then then then
come on you can do it come on
din right we're going to do a half way
first okay ready ready desert earthy
oh look at her try to turn to herself
Yuri like Isaac go backwards watching
ready go or not let me help you
so part of herself oh it's hard
I think it's extra hard for her to roll
over um because well you know good extra
weight so takes more energy and one's
happy
Oh
