whoa they were driving along the coast
I'm will cutting Pokemon by the sea okay
so you want to go actually sounds like a
good plan Boop having lunch at a school
gonna go grocery shopping after Tim is
doing serious mouth which is cheaper you
mean by any tea for 14 points okay and
then each pack you get 47 but in these
ones in each pack you get 37 not bees
but then it's eight points but a sly one
get one free then which one is cheaper
this deal or this deal if I one get one
free for eight points works are cheaper
we have a winner he actually finds such
fun that's what he loves kind of
supermarkets because he get to work at
which deal is cheapest no not cheapest
let's follow you from money every day it
helps and I'm not endorsed White House
goes to work I was just like let's go
get some stuff for breakfast music no I
gotta sorted what do you have honey
you've got rocky road chocolate brownie
bites doughnuts that is not breakfast
material babe we have a dial a but you
notice stuff you mix with milk like the
next except I get milkshake well we
don't know what aisle listen we've been
walking around the thing is there's
plenty of helpers but we just refuse ask
for help
hey I've got a weird group on my butt
its I thought it was a bite but it
really hurts when I sat down easy Oh
yeah oh no I don't know what to do
before the it's really good it's white
people with the do me like I can't I
can't it hurts too much
honey scooter for me you live
psycho oh yeah probably totally
inappropriate when bolted when I was
younger in my family we would watch the
Wimbledon together and I remember there
were a lot of moments where I would feel
very uncomfortable watching it because
of the noises sometimes that they would
make what your friends are gone right
through here up here yeah I think I'm
just like corrupted even from such a
young age charmoula channel came for me
painful spot on bum cheek because
there's actually a dermatology what
hooks Doctor Who this looks like a
nipple are you sure that's not a nipple
designs like me a bump on the lower butt
cheek painful to touch on when sitting
down look like a large pimple does not
appalled but what is it
I must be very puffy today because it
hurts extra more oh oh it's Umbridge too
high setting the Wonder ah there we go
you seen a kid that's happy to get his
hair washed again a tip like there's a
better Pocomoke monster like how can you
tell under his head like this asian dude
and he's holding a phone he's like
Pokemon masters know each other when
they see one
me out there pick the tree it's not the
prettiest jacket but it's warm I wear
when I go and errands and in the pocket
I always have doggy bags I walk the dog
I can pick up afternoon and I also
always have wine and when I use a
trolley that same spring it comes in
handy
you also have bobby pins and like a
legit baby huh keep going there's a
Pikachu you on my table rajim o we go
feel like we have a conversation
everybody running free water
we're in Liverpool when it's been like
probably it's been like University when
we came or almost and years since uber
in Liverpool and like we came for a
party we just got our car 100 visible
driving along the coast and we'll catch
and Pokemon by the sea okay so you wanna
go
actually science I give you on boob feel
a little travel sickness I was just
trying to catch pokemon
more anyways update on the bud growth
because it's located you know like right
on the like mundo work but cheek or
decreases every time I walk it hurt so
it's like oh I didn't saw BFI char way
more than you you tickling with us
so the way you get this awesome boost
then why don't you did it tim is so
dirty that he's probably asking to
someone have local food you goes for
baby look like you're gonna cry know
what I was gonna cry wait where's
Renaldo he must be happy because he got
injured I've been watching this hoping
to see him play you know oh I'm here I
feel beautiful I plucked up the courage
as petty bike on on the on the pimple I
guess and then like I just bit my lip
and just squeeze it and guess who
dreamed it for me babe big big and make
him do else like so unfair because you
make me these all your blackheads and
you know do anything that's different
about this pimple is it's on my butt and
you want to be a butter
big
oh thanks for dreaming my my pimple
you're welcome
