yummy homemade homo Mia
I wonder why kids love pasta so much
sure you wanna chew into that Tilly
refused to eat the new healthier dog
food but he has no problem eating
play-doh and crayon today topic
is regarding being a new tuber right
because I was doing the tour for two
weeks
and then I was a VidCon and I felt like
this question was so frequently asked as
well maybe I can also unser through here
because I know there is a lot of you
guys and you're making videos and you're
aspiring new troopers and million dollar
question really how do you build that
new cheese Empire and when do you know
to make it a full-time career I see
people doing panels I see people making
videos and the advice is to you know
usually don't care what other people are
saying just go for it as long as you put
the effort in it will happen and I want
to say this is partly true YouTube is a
subjective thing you know some people
will like II and some people may not and
some people they really really try but
they don't get the results that they
want doesn't mean your YouTube channel
is a failure no very easy to be
distracted to sort of validate the work
of your channel when you compare it to
like all those big channels like there
because what everybody is meant to be
like a super super review chip star you
know you can still enjoy what you're
doing enjoy the community and learn so
when do you know it's time to make it a
full-time YouTube thing not like I said
this is always subjective for me I was
also working full
if you have a existing job try to
balance it first okay you don't want to
just quit that job and go straight for
that you want to test the Water Tribe
YouTube see it as a hobby first as my
friend Ken says make videos as if nobody
is watching if you're making videos of
the mindset of just you want to earn big
bucks and you want to be popular or
famous bin you're going to be
disappointed you actually need to love
what you're doing you need to see for
what it really is if it takes you to
play something great another piece of
advice which is to just enjoy it don't
look so far take every day as it comes
and you can juggle it juggle it for me
when I go to stage where I couldn't
juggle it and I just had that strong gut
feeling I'm not everything it's a trust
your gut feeling and when I was starting
to see that oh my goodness I'm really
connecting with these people like there
was when I also took that leap and
speaking of connecting another thing is
to know that on YouTube it's it's a
relationship some people do it purely
through talent after creative some
people are great storytellers I feel
like from me like top minds I mean I'm
all right me because I'm generally quite
an open person and I'm quite optimistic
some people just feel like it's easier
connect to me and of course when you're
putting yourself in a wig you need to
learn to develop a thick skin if you're
to shape a person and you care what
every single person thinks about you
you're going to have a hard time you
gotta let yourself learn through that
and I really have to find YouTube
because as I wasn't for that I wouldn't
have gotten my thick skin if I didn't do
YouTube I feel like I would be more
insecure and that makes sense a
comfortable Todd I see the huge sigh
relief I'll be there in five minutes and
off she's some resulted
smiling at this time for bed when da da
da da couch ela thank God I got a jewel
at not working today one more sleep till
daddy's back it's like looking at a
mirror the time has come say goodnight
it's the end of an ugly day we had so
much fun today
tomorrow's just a dream away catching up
with some of my favorite um like Hong
Kong youtubers I used to watch all the
time so you think I really don't watch
your trip anymore I'm is more of a case
of me just minding catch up and see what
they're up to
I have to collect
so happy I'm gonna get sleep
am i embarrassing you
we're Charlie here getting our
photograph taken for a passport photo so
ever since like brexit happened our
loophole in Northern Ireland is that we
could apply for an Irish passport I feel
like no matter how hard you try like you
just kind of get a nice passport photo
you know like you can't smile well
because I have like a chronic bitch face
I stick really really angry let's teach
Buddhist you know oh right this is Tim
you look like a serial killer balls I
look like I'm about to cry I'm using
this Sally Hansen gel things I suppose
the last one week and it's been one day
so far so we're a heavy citizen but for
one hour just by one place yeah it
should be fine actually screw it -
perfect I think it's a two potato script
day similar I can't use little stuff
another some new pots and pans thanks we
you're gonna be taking chubby to the vet
we think she's got like a really bad ear
infection I show you guys like this ear
looks lighter but this one looks really
dark and she keeps scratching it so I'm
pretty worried come on girl let's go
look at chubby trying to walk thumb Oh
careful
Damo is coming for mental support her
happy she is so she has a chronic ear
infection again again sucks because that
ear always always gets infected so I'm
just going to be on a course of steroids
um just for a couple weeks such a good
little dog doing gee doing oh my
goodness this just made my night look
she said I named him after you bulbs
beauty
