Wow Sweet Cheeks
is one of those days where I wake up and
I'm going nowhere but I'm like I think
that's a makeup on not because I need it
but because I can and I want to
especially if you're feeling a little
bit tired
you've been these like what a little
makeup could do to boost your energy so
nice exceeded all right side they love
exploring but question guys as you can
see we are quite alone right I'm not
quite sure what to do about it guys
this is a lot but I really have no idea
do I need we killer or dry Polaroid ah
best thing about having a child is and a
lot of ways you get to be a child of oil
haha oh this makes me kind of hungry
what hi hey speeding to dogs
play-doh are you feeding the dogs
play-doh
no thank you this is my third time
visiting with my sister this week we're
spending the play-doh fun and we are
making pizza hey I think I'm good with
one kid guys Abby off to get food are we
hungry
but energy and you make you big
yeah good play and make you big baby of
the a wall below yes why um because huh
because follow your heart
yeah and your dreams will come true I
just explained to Benji that Isaac's not
well today so he's a little grumpy yeah
lick doctor Benji sure guys he has a new
skill wow he's that like my son if you
guys don't know already I'm I'm really
good at picking stuff up with my toes
you don't have a lot of talents but I
have immense strength of my toes oh is
this the old man
making an egg right milk today if you
find that your skin's a bit oily your
pores a little bit big then an egg white
mask works wonders okay let me desert it
stay active something quite foolish and
a little disappointed myself gotta tell
myself that it's okay everybody makes
mistakes
today's the last full day that Isaac and
I have together before Timmer gets here
true so I thought I'll take away and do
some errands as usual I lock the house
and then I just strap in the Dukas baby
car seat and when I was doing that he
took my keys when he started playing
with it yeah so he started playing with
it and I was like okay no big deal but
he was strapped in I shut the door as I
was walking to our side to get into the
car I heard a click noise and then I
realized that he pressed the lock button
I knocked himself in or my car key lock
unlock and then boot and I was trying to
get him to press and metal keys so he'd
open it up I did Christmas and inside he
was laughing and he started pressing the
lock button repeatedly I kept on making
the click noise because he was just
pressing the lock button and I was just
frantically trying to open the car door
and it wasn't happening I started to get
really really freaked out because the
keys he was holding and had my house
keys as well here was stunning I took
the car with no keys to my car no keys
to my house no phone nothing and my baby
was inside the
are just figley away and I just have to
try to look up and happy as normal and I
was trying to get him to click it and
then he started to get frustrated after
by five minutes and he threw the key and
that was like all hope lost hi goes away
11 o clock so I ran oh but because it
was still early nobody was home and I
was freaking I luckily I ran to one of
my neighbors Michael and it was hope I
want to open areas like water I was like
like a bath houses I was like worried
well I really really needed was to use a
phone and like Michael was like me is
there any like windows that's open that
I can climb in I'm like no Ecklie from
my car wouldn't do there's like a
sticker there that shows I can call the
Audi's Brewin assistance so I called
about like my babies in my car
people have four so nice this is one of
those moments or you're just like crap
because these days no one remembers so
numbers anymore I already know my mom's
number by heart so I tried to get her to
call my moment level just in case she
has a spare key if she doesn't and then
my mom in law Bardo obviously by what
happens is she rushed over and I just
felt so ashamed so I felt really bad
because I was just stuck outside the car
just looking at Isaac and you just
crying frantically inside like he must
have felt so scared and look lady in
Northern Ireland like the climate is
quite cold so I was worried about him
being stuffy inside I just I just felt
really disappointed in myself so
eventually the road assistant came on
this guy when he stepped out of the car
I was like oh I was like my hero
something like special contraption and
he was like sided for a little while
you don't like when you watch movies and
you see people try to hack in
and they were all quiet at this port
just waiting for him to do his thing and
then in just like a few minutes he
opened a door and when I door opens like
I think like that me being the happiest
smile so happy that he's okay he must
have been like just crying in the car
for like I don't know I want to say
maybe in a maximum 35 minutes but I felt
like forever for me definitely lesson
learned one is to give a spare key to
like a family member just in case
anything happens and you get locked up -
don't let your toddler play with your
Sparky especially as a mother it's hard
not to be hard on yourself sometimes but
you just got to remember that hey you
know everybody makes mistakes we only
learn from it and you know luckily he
seems to be okay michael--ah girl
watching thank you so much for just
being there when I was in need
odious thank you so much you guys were
amazing
when I was flying my mom to get her to
call my mother-in-law like sometimes I
think at the age of culture like it's
just natural for them because they're
frustrated and worried then said you
know what how could you do this but
could you be so careless you know that
sort of attitude and I know she did it
out of love and she was worried
acceptable but I was like look I didn't
need this right now and I slammed the
phone on her like we're really taking
her credit you know just because they're
our parents doesn't mean that we can
speak to them my sensei at summer
phonesat that wasn't what I did it
eventually when everything was okay when
I spoke to my mom and I told her oh
everything's okay Isaac sighs she
apologized just like I'm really sorry
yeah I'm sorry for slapping the folder
of course I just told him what happened
and he was like hahaha
I actually find it funny he was like
only you Lindy only you on while I'm
like it's not getting a side of me is
also kind of happy he find the humor in
it Tim just told me that as long as the
key is inside the car if I put my thumb
on the passenger door and hold a few
seconds the door Auto opens
I'm just gonna pretend I didn't know
this
