TMI moment coming the is the number two
and is one of those like I don't know I
think it's like a really odd shape won't
got corners so it's really sort of a
haha uh I had to like mentally support
myself like just one more position do it
and then I did it and I was like oh sick
giving birth you know the moment I give
birth and they're like really tired and
you're like let me see my baby it was
like that for me except I was like let
me see this a-hole of a poop speaking of
babies this guy sent me to an end of
August gonna be a birthday cuz Isaac was
a cesarean baby technically he wasn't
birthed into the world heels like
removed from me so it's gonna be happy
removal day mummys bummer I'm sorry go
roll around in those books currently
cleaning the toilet you know how long
and feels like a while today I have a
bed not ever really quite tired pity and
when I'm tired my face gets really dry
and blotchy perfect beforehand all you
see there's lines right there some lines
for sure but when it is really really
dry the lines get so deep and I look so
tired what is the key you have massage
and hydration so beautiful I'm judging
the next one when I was at VidCon in the
style Hall lounge I went in for a
meeting the people are so nice and I
cage Eagles of swag and I was like I
could do some swag I was where I got the
flip-flops on the tote bag water bottle
the notebook this one says your story
starts here which is really pretty I saw
these in the jars I thought cool Tim's
gonna like these uh ping-pong balls and
then I realize they're actually not
ping-pong balls they're their lip balms
I was like oh
Isaak is going to try popping candy for
the first time he doesn't like it Oh
actually thanks this is geared tickets
today
what are you do anymore oh ma so tidy
you hear that guys has to be the best
sound in the world so my mom has Isaac
for a few hours so I'm just going to go
and do some errands now you have to see
me use my light therapy to fight a lot
some you guys have also seen me use my
radio frequency system sometimes you
guys notice my face looks a bit more be
ship than usual and then sometimes it
looks a bit more puffier and I really
depends on like what I'm eating getting
enough sleep if I get sick and a lot of
times if my face is like really really
puffy and I use my dr. Bower stem before
Isaac I just didn't really have that
much time to go to spas and do facials
so these systems come in really handy
and my model is quite old my I think
they've got like quite a feat updated
better versions but this one works
pretty well for me someone to keep using
it it's just really great because it
just tows my face and I especially like
to use a remote and dry area because
this area can get really puffy I get
pretty flat dark circles because it's
improved my blood circulation I find
that it drains the old blood a lot
better so these days I sleep on my face
a lot so I get a lot of these lines here
and this just helps to minimize the
appearance that's the best place I use
it the forehead 6 not even this deep
right
I feel better already you find that like
me where your hair kicks forever and dry
because you've got so much of it and
it's so fine little tip way and drying
your hair as you just use your
fingertips and while you're blow drying
your just rustling as you go along and
it listens up the hair so the air can
get inside and this coming back soon so
I made him get a bunch of stuff and
creating like the Mac BB cushion and
he's like watch which one he's like
really panicking I want to get some for
the kids it's been a while since I got
them something so maybe I'll grab them a
little treat oh there's Tim me check the
heartbeat yeah yeah yeah boo boo boo boo
boo boo we'll check the teeth again no
baby number she eats too much sweetie
yeah yeah oh oh dear
are you going to bed yet
let's past your bedtime why are you
going to bed yet Oh another story look
fine for instance like the time when one
of mr. towles real aces came undone
are you tired yeah my god Sheila no you
can't use our face on me every time I
got your lap bedtime bedtime okay five
more minutes but that's it
five more minutes okay and get out Gina
I know you're tired
this little one will sleep in his room
tonight take away how I wonder what you
are up above the world so high like a
diamond in the sky twinkle twinkle
little star how I wonder what you are
put it bad don't fight it
don't fight it Birds
high-price as possible - mommy loves you
drift off you go
