most days I'm like this is great I love
being able to juggle I'm a super mama
and then obviously some days you're like
oh do you remember a little while back
Tim and I were invited by sunrise Greece
to do sort of like a European like post
wedding photo shoots yes ended up being
quite awkward because I don't think that
we were to type up I guess sponsors they
were looking for we just wanted to keep
everything organic I mean we really
appreciated them taking us on this trip
but it seemed like they were expecting
in a lot of return you know as if they
were saying oh but we're giving you this
we're flying me here for free you should
do this so um yeah in the end it didn't
work on all right so now let's go back
about three years three years or more on
sup do you remember Tim and I we did our
pre wedding photos in Seoul you know I
we actually paid for that experience
ourselves and we could not be any
happier of the photos and then our years
and years later turns to that quite a
few couples have ended up going for that
company for their pre wedding photos
first of all I want to thank you to all
the couples for mentioning Tim and I and
I hope you had a great experience and
because of that the company you know I
want to invite Tim and I back I tried a
couple you know anything about my
channel or anything but um yeah they
invited us to go for like a VIP package
mega excited and it's just funny hi hi
things work I write question I have
scenes in here from using my facial oils
hard to remove these I tried using a
makeup wipe but of course is not working
after I uploaded yesterday's cloths just
reading your comments it was really
uplifting so what if I'm really
surprising was a lot of you guys
actually say that you don't really watch
beauty tutorials anymore and I was so
funny because I remember one else in
vids on this discussion came up of
course there's a lot of
tutorials you're getting millions of
hits these days the true testimony to
2pi talent did they are but aside from
that I feel like tutorials can just be
very repetitive I'm gonna say too much
in this blog because I am in a different
video I'm talking more about it but I
want to say thank you guys so much she
always always know how to make me feel
better I'm making something today
something some rice noodles you ready
for your bath what choice we collected a
good choice would you like some is
perhaps milk or squeaky toy
there's something about boss that's very
magical for children like it could be
Tiger minute screaming but as soon as I
get the water
something happens raises your body
temperature but when you leave your body
temperature cool sign so baths are
supposed to make you sleepy I feel a
complete opposite if I'm feeling really
really tired and I could get a buff I
end up feeling quite energized so my
question is what's experience like for
you guys the water getting wet it
reminds me of the biblical novelty play
in school come my child see I don't get
wet meanwhile hey though
stop sniffing your sister job he likes
playing these sort of like shapes these
days days especially because um I think
hasn't been too well so he's been
tantrum eaters oh I love being a mom
Annie makes me smile every day but you
know there's just some days where I just
get a bit tired
my character is I really don't like
asking people for help I always see as a
blessing that I can get the best of both
worlds you know do what I love at the
same time
BAE full-time mommy to Isaac but it's
just hard trying to please everyone
create my tips here because he helps out
but you know when he's a phone call it
gets quite tricky and I don't like
asking people for help I think I just
need to get these emotions I to get the
frustration and then tomorrow will be a
better day
stead of focusing on what it didn't do
today I just gotta focus on what I did
do and the fact that he got sick when I
was in LA doing VidCon I just felt so
guilty and we have one side of a hand
sorry about earlier guys most likely
just thinking emotions but very
hydrating me to make it through this
year and everything will be okay
good afternoon guys it's been quite a
productive day and currently 2 p.m. and
I'm just waiting for my date
aka the best friend so we're gonna be
heading on for lunch
I always feel a lot better when I get
stuff done last night I was a little
emotional it actually happens more often
than anything most days I'm like this is
great I love being able to juggle I'm a
super mama
obviously some days you're like ah
crying it's actually a perfectly healthy
a normal way to get over like some
tension sometimes it's just all you need
to do so sometimes when I said cries I
don't tell him that stop crying I just
let him cry I hold him and I let him cry
and afterwards he's so happy I love
having a great time of Isaac why my
breath since he is approaching 2 years
old he is starting to touch him a lot
more and I think especially because he
can't really talk yet he can express
himself so it gets them very very
frustrated everything is since like I
don't like using this word by sense like
I'm the breadwinner of the family um it
can get quite difficult trying to juggle
both sides for most part I completely
love it but there's just some days where
it gets a little too much what I really
need to do is just have a good cry oh
the Clayton's mum she helps I but I
don't like asking people for help
because she's also studying right now
and I don't want to pester her time but
at the same time like there's quite a
lot of like projects on mine and like I
will always prioritize my family first
I'll be up here and then my projects and
everything I want to do is so important
to me they'll be right here and quite an
emotional person but I'm quite
optimistic I get back up on my feet
easily I think my dough inside of me is
I stress easily I don't like asking
people for help and
same time I'm the type of person if
someone asks me to do something I'll say
yes what happens is it will all pile up
and I'll get emotional doing it but I
still won't ask for help so I think it's
nothing I need to really work on
