what are you doing this looks so wrong
with my camera setup they're all backed
up
I got souvenirs her friends which were
pretty much stuff that like the event
would give up so my friend Rick has a
pillow here and then these flips are for
me Tim is probably going to get this gym
bag someone else is gonna get this like
water bottle all good stuff really cool
thing is yesterday Canon invited me to
ask me any questions on what cameras and
stuff I like to use so after like a few
questions to give me like a salon camera
which is amazing and soon I so dance ooh
thank you
kinda like tried to act nonchalant about
it I was like okay cool
oh yeah I'll take it but inside else I
got my gosh I'm dying love it getting
picked up in about 30 minutes this is a
huge car okay hop on it thank you
let's go guys I've been eating so
unhealthy here definitely need to detox
when I go back I still can't get past
level 40 guys I don't know if I'm not
growing my characters enough this fixing
an ordinary for tonight but this is
actually metal this one is nothing you
can bend as we see
oh it's nippy kinda happy to be back to
this weather oh look who's back back
again in the morning really cleaning it
twice
I know that my mom and all cleaned it
out really well but I have this thing
where I when I come back from traveling
I have to do the whole house by myself
change all the bedsheets in the house
did the laundry and I'm gonna go grocery
shopping hungry said before we'd start
the groceries fun I'm having a cup of
tea I'm like totally a granny I know
ah there's no place like home
I just came back to my room and I found
this guy in my bed
I love while you're making yourself
comfortable Kai's I know oh I know we're
gonna take him to the doctors he has a
fever Oh fine look he's fine
do you need anything else back to this
face last night it seemed like the fever
wouldn't go down in fact actually went
up to 39.6 which is pretty high so I
couldn't sleep last night because I was
worried sick
Tim is obviously worried and I can only
text him and tell him it's okay Tim's
currently in Hong Kong when he's back
next week on ER like it really sucks
that he's always in Hong Kong and we
left so quickly because we want to Isaac
to have this life but there's so many
pieces behind and it's gonna take like a
whole year before everything is sorted
so um yeah sucks like he's gone but
luckily you know I'm here mom is back
and you guys know that I was away in
VidCon for a few days so I'm feeling
really guilty I mean don't get me wrong
my mom in law as excellent she's so
fantastic with Isaac but I can't help
but feel like maybe if I were here he
wouldn't get sick and I know things like
this happened you know kids get sick no
matter what but um yeah and I'm glad
either way I'm here for him
boy he's currently napping he's a bit
grumpy today which is understandable
he has a ear infection his ears are
pretty red so the doctor says it's
understandable for him to be grumpy
because it's pretty painful think about
all exciting projects is here you know
raising money to build new school so I
need to work on a new design I'm writing
the book the makeup palette and
everything it's all great stuff I'm just
a little worried or handling it all
along with Isaac especially when Tim's
not here a lot of the here it's a little
daunting thinking about it but it's like
a scary good daunting I think I can do
it when I was in early I really wasn't
eating that healthy so back here I'm
gonna eat healthy bird so I have some
chicken and just some corpse I get
overloaded a bit too much but I'm just a
nice quick lunch for me as well oh nice
except to be held all right all right
all right
mummy strong I'm not even sure he's
gonna eat it is it you can't see what
he's smiling he has a cutest sweetest
psychotic smile don't worry guys at
ripping board is really more from him
he's finally eating guys but it's not
what I made oh thank you baked beans I
know you guys know and see little bears
my mama bears porridge is cold heading
back from granny Bub's
it's nice to see my family again
speaking of crummy books I was saying oh
I don't have any eggs can I take a few
and this is what I got like a full
basket of eggs and actually went all the
way up here but I emptied half of it
right because there's no way I would
finish it like why did it have so many
Hey
I told them to pick a book to read
tonight I need doing this is that called
looking for a book this drew I'm
watching it's called a great British
sewing bee I'm not into the baking ones
but the sewing ones I like I guess I am
a huge granny this one you got yourself
a deal
the dry bags
Oh ready to go to bed no you look tired
this is actually a letter from a
subscriber from Manila and it actually
flops out to a fan so he doesn't know
that so let's see his reaction oh oh he
loves it Thank You Tameka for your
awesome letter and fan what are you
doing
this looks so wrong with my camera so
dope there
that was a good sleep so good so good so
good this is my favorite point of the
day guys the morning want to go oh wait
hold on hold on hold on let's do it
again
my huge pet peeve guys when people lead
cups in my room okay
if you're watching I'm talking to you
another pet peeve when people leave the
lay open in a lamp overnight although
I'm pretty sure that was me
