little blue today we are at the holding
room I'm Sookie like got like those
Twitter cups I'm so boring my I hang
around my sister so much that I just go
two words up the black one I come here
and seeing this huge huge convention
I really didn't I don't know a lot of
people so if you like high school all
over again how it just really hit me
like I've been making videos for eight
years on YouTube and that's crazy it's
almost a third of my life earlier I
think I was just walking around VidCon
and just looking around made this
amazing convention and I realized that
just how much I've grown apart from my
main channel Bob's booty and and I'm
really sorry guys for disappointing you
all and a lot of ways my vlog channel
has just become my main channel because
that's where I upload more frequently
I'm not gonna lie it's a lot easier
though I mean vlogging brother didn't
for my bulbs beauty Channel and I and
I'm speaking the truth honestly think
I've taught everything I could possibly
think of and over the years I just kept
recycling esteem the video and as many
different ways as possible otherwise I
feel guilty because Bob's booty was
always my baby and it's a reason I'm the
person I am today and it's the reason
I've gotten so many things in life from
it I guess and a lot of ways I feel like
I let it down and today when I was in a
convention looking around me and it's
also I have touched and I was just
feeling a must ribbon or ambitious about
my channels I used to be I'm not
motivated and did I lose that
determination of my Bubbe's beauty
channel I'm sitting here you know I
realize that eight years a lot happens
and pain
change and I feel like I've changed my
priorities have changed a lot no longer
that's why you one year old girl anymore
you guys know I was quite nervous about
coming here mainly because I didn't
really know anybody being here it was
kind of like high school because we're
at our Hall filling youtubers and I I
don't know a lot of the inner room was
thirty thousand people ie I just I just
felt quite alone well made me feel a lot
better was today I did a mean beat and
you guys completely reminded me why I
came here for thank you to everyone who
came to the meet and greet off you guys
that you were nervous and I was telling
you guys that I was nervous before
coming over but it was actually you guys
that made me feel so so much more at
ease and so much more welcomed that
really made me smile to know that our
little vlog videos make me smile
Bena sister or friend or company for you
guys when you need that company the most
I make me feel a lot better so thank you
for inviting us into your life chillin
in my face and she brought me to this
really cool gallery where like
like her son looks like hey guys
can I get audibly look at this all day
I would get a print but I made a promise
to myself that if I hang anything up it
has to be painted by myself whether it's
good or not log is like this angle in
the car we had dinner in the downtown
business so the closest that I could get
to Disney because as I was telling you
guys I can see Disney outside my window
so they sound like pretty close by I did
like they ended up being real good
actually seeing old friends but you know
how can I go to bed good night guys
seems like a lot of the froggies and in
my hotel
but this morning I'm doing a year
having our very desert many Sun we just
or as they say here Stan we do right Oh
everything a little bit of it a nice hot
bath and I crawled in bed for about
thirty minutes but it was worth it this
realize that maybe buddy just ordered
like a couple shared rather didn't have
like a pizza eat yeah baby this is on it
kick your shoes off these are the
clothes from yesterday it's like I
disappear and I like today I'm gonna
have like clothes on the floor from the
side a tunnel called to be across
boundaries and I think it went really
well what was really cool was um I was
really happy that our panel was in like
a whole different building so really
intimate I didn't really want to do it
and then me and Hall he was like there's
too many people there so I was really
glad I really got to like chats with
that little bub scrubbers of course
being a panel with Fleur Mario and FC is
crazy like we have to get like transport
in these like black car
just like security guards everywhere a
party they spent over 600,000 the Syrian
security perfect on because of you know
obvious reasons was
and I think you got great it was like
was it carnitas are Alex monstrous but
nothing baby
yes
finally here in LA feeling too good
today I think maybe it was a leftover
pizza I couldn't go to the dinner party
but it's been nice just showing here
what a nice way to end my my kid
watching the Disney fireworks from my
red
you
