good morning oh really kicked me Oh
anyways lately when I'm reading comments
um there's a few comments ah people who
are asking okay Isaac he's actually
going to be too in and the log is high
come he's not really talking the quite a
few of you guys have also suggested that
helps maybe you should take Isaac to
speech therapy since it seems like he
has speech delay I think he knows about
four words on his momma data yes and no
and even still he doesn't really say
unless he really needs us I do have a
friend and she's a speech therapist and
I did ask her like oh do you think he
should see someone as she suggests no
actually he's fine because he can
understand what I'm saying things like
is he's just not ready and he just
doesn't want to talk yet but she said
that maybe when he's two-and-a-half that
we can't consider it as an item neighbor
we're not that worried currently like
when you want to talk he will talk and
if he talks he will talk if he doesn't
watching - a long time that's fine
whenever he's ready and like I said
maybe by two and a half and he's still
not really seeing a lot of words then we
can consider taking him to see someone
another thing we're told is because
Isaac is bilingual it means that it
could delay his speech because his daddy
Tim took a little bit longer from the
talk it could be the same thing we
appreciate you guys for caring we just
want to do that we want to respect him
so whenever he's ready that's fair
enough
we will try to encourage him to talk as
much as
as well as we are already doing we're
just not the type of parent so I just
worry so much about your child heading
so so milestones because every child is
different I like your car relationship
what is it I think enough
sometimes still where like today I was
watching him climb window and I was like
friend if you learn how to climb a
window close by a wall I am Ultimo Sachi
Oh need a minute
yeah okay Oh packed up I couldn't be
flying tomorrow morning I know I'm just
gonna be gone for a few days but I get
so attached to Isaac oh my god oh oh my
oh my goodness what is that you know
that little cups that come inside your
swimwear
well I took my night and I left them
sitting in my drawer these are for
well it's been perfectly on your hand
like this come on me where oh it will be
boys I think this will probably be my
last work trip for a while I can just
want to take it easy I would love to
visit as many places as possible on hold
and as many meet and greets possible but
I can only do them where I'm invited to
work so I'm so sorry guys it's actually
not talking to me like where I travel
you can see why I'm attached to him
right guys oh I feel like today I'm
quite on the emotional side as well I
think my period is coming like thank you
some did this oh don't think about using
that smile on me you might regret doing
that when your older son just poked his
head
you accidentally slid off the blanket
onto the floor
this is after all one more typical I
felt like a tiger in my heart today when
I was saying goodbye to Isaac and he was
crying and then I watched her car go
when I like had a light meal the court
of light no more kidding but endure got
some fruit juice as well keep in
nutrients in the food stressful guys my
flight got delayed and because there was
so little time between this way am i
connecting I missed it so they put me on
to the next one and I'm not even sure if
I'm going to be getting my luggage when
I arrive I got a few hours to kill and
there's no free Wi-Fi here but I always
think if you get something that's good
and you consume it and you'll feel good
and this is healthy and delicious third
20 hours of traveling
the weird thing
like here by each item
I'm just got to the hotel here in LA in
my room feels quite surreal to be back
after like an entire year Mauro I will
be doing a meet-and-greet I'm actually
quite I think a little nervous to be
here and they'd go on has been quite a
while since I've been back and if I'm
being really honest with you guys I've
been just so occupied from other stuff
as you guys know that I honestly don't
go on YouTube as much as I really should
to watch videos so I'm quite nervous
about meeting fellow youtubers because I
don't want to seem rude quite nervous
especially the fact that I'm such a
small potato
