he's your best friend
ladies and gentlemen her current
favorite toy wipes these have been an
absolute lifesaver and always hop time
to eat especially breakfast so these
have been really handy these oats drinks
just keeps me going actually like a pop
tight to grab some extra meds for Timmy
you better Hong Kong before then you
know that we're famous for our bolo pile
which means pineapple bun but the thing
is it actually doesn't contain any
pineapple on they call it Bowl about
because they think the crust at the top
makes it look like one morning everybody
happy Valentine's Day
a gift to myself today I will be getting
eyebrow embroidery okay so it's not
really for Valentine's Day per se but it
is Valentine's Day today I just felt
like for the past seven months I've
really let myself go and that's okay
part of myself each day for getting
dressed especially because I've been
taking care of three kids
yes sorry kids I'm really looking
forward to getting laid in my skin right
now as you can see I don't have any
makeup on so later we can't compare
still have little traces of my eyebrow
embroidery from months ago most of it is
gone but there is still some color there
as you can see and we'll be vlogging and
taking you guys with me I mean for my
smoothie 78 Hong Kong dollars for a
smoothie this better be good
I'm here at Harry Beauty pen nervous
because I'm a little bit of a pansy when
it comes to pain but it's actually very
serene and peaceful and here is hope
I feel where I eat
I'm here with Carrie but there's really
appreciate her screaming at me in
because her waiting list is three months
round 3 diploma three to four months I'm
going for something that's more in a
youthful sight so something fuller
since we have agreed on this shape Perry
is marking the outline before she starts
working on them eating apple a while
longer
no I'm not very go friends for arched of
it oh that's an undulator sound it is C
Halloween King goes out the whole title
ok ankle a couple mocking
there so no maritime just over 12 hours
since the treatment I'm really surprised
because my price don't hurt at all
I remember when I first did it they said
my mom usually goes to you once the
numbing cream wore off
it was pulsating constantly and it was
quite painful but there is ZERO pain I
can move them around my lips forever are
a bit unnecessary
I'm looking at the mirror I feel a bit
like you know the Angry Birds it's been
up 18 hours since the treatment my brows
I've darkened up a little bit as
expected and by seven to eight days this
should fade about 30% and then I swear
the lips they should feed another 50%
lolz Aras has risen from his tomb look
how much weight he's lost guys this is
day number two my lips are feeling quite
dry they feel quite tight I feel like I
can't make a lot of expressions I kind
of stretched him very much my voice is
still quite dark as you can see it's the
desert finally you want to watch black
panther it's pretty good it's gonna be
officially Chinese year the dog may eat
embark on a prosperous year with love
whoops below the here is day three got a
little bit worried so I can't have to
carry and I was like the brides are
gonna be lighter right as she was like
don't worry it will cuz she did it
manually rather than with a motor gun
that's why it's not really stopping and
it doesn't hurt what's it children are
so sure he was like sweet corn for the
poopoo to eat okay we're having some
lunch before we pop to my granny look
yes the holes it's the third time he's
your best friend
at the end um
we're on our way to SDK or South oval
that's where my dad is
Isaac showing us the little joys in life
stepping on crunchy leaves yes hopefully
he'll be okay it's gonna be quite a walk
a child's imagination he thinks he's a
train oh my goodness he's been on the
slide for like eight times already
okay I was like in later
everybody it is the four day - do you
wanna know squashing my face I noticed
that um as careful as I was with my
brows I saw really tiny tiny flakes come
up so I think that's a good sign and
that's like quite roots right now but
there are zero products I just woke up I
just washed my face no flaking a little
bit sensitive still in the edges no
discomfort which or anything they will
continue to fade to more of a natural
color I put some of the aftercare gel on
my brows you can see there's some parts
that flaked off good morning some name's
aiyla
it's been so long since we celebrated
Chinese New Year here and Hong Kong in
here is great when when you're a kid and
you get the red packet it's not fun when
you become mark tim has been very
excited for today because he keeps gold
or not this is a time we make it fast
right now I have zero products on my
voice and my lips really looking forward
to seeing how these babies will look in
the next three days someone tweeted AHA
pups you're officially a mom I love your
makeup embroidery and now I was like ah
Eric I thought you know what makeup
embroider is no longer for uncute take a
micro bleeding on all stuff but yeah as
daddy says you guys are getting pimped
out today the year we teach our child to
gamble
that's the shrimp and that's fish and we
dip ladies when we were younger
it's not really gambling really we're
just playing with small huge bit of
novelty we're like 12 hours I just put a
lid on he might couldn't find to
couldn't fly eyes I know like what's
going on and I find a note that they
left up there a way to get jelly 11 p.m.
so anyways it's been a really nice day
that's all the red pockets for the kids
good morning everybody I just woke up 10
minutes ago just wash my face and I
thought I'll show you guys a progress
off my fries of my lips good news is I
no longer looked like an angry bird I
think they're healing really well that's
where the lips they've faded up even
more to get more of a natural look I
mean I've always been fine going to an
Omega but now it's like okay so many
stars in the sky I tell you nothing
there's 11 stars well you look great
