it's so funny I have like an army of
people looking for stuff for me that
looks really nice I mean I already
picked something up as well friends ever
I just say like Oh guys you can just
shop for yourself
I mean Ewald like I could afford to shop
right say the girl who's wearing Gucci
they are very cute we haven't even got
to the second floor yet
thank you ladies
they'll be
I am so exhausted I'm so tired
you can see major major major killed
today
if you were to ask me what I lost I
would not be able to tell you because I
don't remember so blood I have my girls
are healthy it's mommy's birthday today
didn't vote didn't do though did to do
whoa whoa
mommy is anyone Hey
how does it feel like to be 31 um I woke
up just feeling really peaceful today
remember before I went to bed um I was
laying there and Tim was just talking to
me and I was like oh my goodness when I
wake up tomorrow I'm gonna be 31 and it
was like how do you feel about it and I
answered really really good he asked me
if I've got any birthday wishes and I
really don't I feel like as long as my
family are healthy and happy and I'll be
happy and I really can't ask for
anything more I feel like a thirty was
such a great year and of course all at
all I just I feel so blessed of
everything so it just doesn't feel right
for me to want or ask anything more
because I just know I have everything I
need to be happy she has the most fur
bouncy cheeks click click click click
good no she looks like a hair
you look better bald let's show you guys
the stuff that I got yesterday first of
all thank you so much to yn wailing
Annie April for coming out to me because
I did not realize just how much I lost
my sense of style
ever since being a mommy basically I
wasn't just like oh you need new new
bottoms or sure it was also really new
new shoes you really need a good bra
like stuff like that and I was like an
undo bra what's wrong with my bra can
your problem hook like mine yeah that's
just what happens we become a mommy just
don't really have the time to just focus
so much on yourself like you know I
barely even have enough time to like
take a dump
nevermind oh my god shopping yesterday
was really nice being able to move the
girls it was in a way very chaotic
because I went to the store and
everybody just divided in the split and
they just came back with like racks and
racks of clothes roomy and I think at
one point one of the assistants in this
era
she kind of glared at us I saw her at
the corner of my eye as she went like
this because I think that maybe she
thought we were just playing and trying
on clothes and not intending to buy
anything I'm gonna stuff here is stuff
that I would normally not even pick out
but since you know my friends have great
style I said you know what Here I am I'm
gonna be New York the fashion capital I
don't sue the publishing capital the
beginning I thought it's a book signing
you know I just want to be company
casual but they're like no this is your
very first book signing make it special
and besides it's my birthday today knees
that are saying thank you treat yourself
let me show you guys the pieces I'm
going to show you guys the pieces from
month I refers not I really love Sarah
it's been so long since I shop there
because I don't have time to really shop
and I don't really enjoy shopping on
their online website so much because I
don't think it's that great but I've
always loved Sarah I feel like the teddy
bear sort of textured clothing a very in
these days I'm looking at this you think
oh this is the very me and then you look
at the sleeves at the beginning it
reminded me a bit of the Muppets but is
really cute on
love the hole for a look especially with
new york being like tyranny in the -
temperature celsius it's going to be
warm
here is another sweater that I picked up
I like the white because it's not white
white it's a bit of a all white cream
white you see a sleeve nandus black I
like that it's simple
I like really basic clean lines and I
figured with the red I can nacho of a
nice red lip I think I'm at a thing
which kind of puts me of buying closes
because I'm not back to my baby weight
yet and I know I eventually will go back
and this is a process so I didn't want
to buy too many clothes
the moment they say oh that makes you
look really slim I was like I'm buying
it
here is a shirt I mean shirts sometimes
I seem a bit boring but with a nice
print I can look very pretty very smart
so while I button it up and show you
guys I think it's a take care again oh
speaking of my mother-in-law she's gonna
be here to take care of Ayla and Tim
sick of me ice so I really look forward
to hi mommy
so I'm really looking for thank you so
uh I don't really care where we're going
you know it's just nice to have some
quality time my husband and then
afterwards we're gonna be having some
dinner together as a family when he
buttons a food here but just so you guys
get the idea I should really do like a
try on haul for you guys so I don't know
what this part am I supposed to tie it
maybe this is supposed to be like a bow
or just like a knot maybe just something
like this I like it just some
font shirt but it's got a little bit of
sparkle and the cuffs and also in the
collar because I'm not a huge Sparkle
kind of girl trousers or or punk as you
guys call it what's great about these
ones is the fact that it's stretchy and
I have a really hard time buying
trousers just because my lower
measurements are so weird I'm really
short or 410 I've got pretty big thighs
and big hips but I've got the tiniest
Cubs so you know whenever something is
fitted up here it's not at the bottom so
it's really difficult for me to find
these seem to fit me okay
this place is cold I'm not even gonna
attempt to prevent it well they have
some cases it's not for to launch per se
but I just my sister picked it right cuz
it's got a t-shirt and I love polka dot
especially when it's like a small polka
dots my sister picked these shorts which
will look quite cute with white or black
so also picked it up and it pinstripe
black as you can see I picked up this
lace top and Picard again it will look
nice with fitted black jeans or
something these are from next my friend
works there so it's just a like 30
percent discount so these are jeggings
as well and I just I just don't like
wearing jeans anymore if I wear denim I
have to be like a jegging that is my way
of compromising these are just ordinary
leggings this is actually from new look
as well just a casual sweater and then I
also got two coats from the first coat
is I guess very neat so I like this I
really shouldn't match it with a nightie
here's another one picked up by my best
friend Amy is telling me off through the
camera because she's like why are you
matching elleven nightie huge pile of
clothes here what do you think of this
jumper how much was that when are you
gonna wear them I'll try it on free how
much is it look like you did it how much
is it it was actually really cute your
arms
where are you some sort of like
superhero what do you mean well know
those when you go to two cannons
attached to your arms I don't know how
much this stuff was I just remember pain
my card I'm just thinking Tim's gonna
kill me it's your birthday I told them
by tech money oh that gets okay
I bought crazy stuff in Black Friday
we're even I like how much it doubled
Maya might whip your Black Friday stuff
I'm actually gonna wear this today why
not
okay it is long my arms I think it's
supposed to be
we are handed over knowledge this is the
first time it has been to my
and like four and a hot one
which that we find very long with
beetles
I think do you know how old mummy is do
you know how old daddy is yes that is
forgiven as well a little Isaac when I
said I'd attend into the woods shining
the torch both kids are we always like
to like go back a pedia and just look up
the movie after watching really really
really enjoyed I don't want to give any
spoilers you guys I know we're pretty
late watching it but I think it's easily
one of my favourite Marvel movie yeah so
anyways I had the best day it's almost
11 o'clock so an hour until my birthday
is over but it's just been so perfect
for today oh his arms
jahmai we just split you really nice
cafe for lunch and after lunch we
watched a movie and then had dinner as a
family so I just can't think of a
perfect way to spend my day and I really
think the older I become the more I
realize it really is like a little thing
I mean back then like go to cinema just
having our lunch it's just like all
something you do then you know know that
I am the mother to kids obviously I
don't really get a chance to be able to
do that enjoy the little things thank
you so much Jenny for this as perfect
cuz you know I love my tea and it's huge
you
