somebody doesn't want to leave
come on baby time to go home
was he championed devil Oh guys here's
another thing he's scared of doodoo on
baby come on baby
Angie's already ready to go driving
along the coast
feels like yesterday we were at the car
and built race and my time to return to
car
how do you guys come on
we came back for grass
tim is getting a cooking lesson from
mummy Inge I said what dumb hair
yesterday because we were so tired from
traveling and it's no big mess
shove it up back home think of all the
traveling lately and me switching
between humid E and Asia and then like
the dry weather here my skin has been
just really dry or not it's hard to tell
because it's so bright in here as I have
been quite sensitive it's been quite
patchy and red and itchy want to share a
dream that I've had like a few nights
ago and it's been bothering me so much
that I've been having trouble sleeping
there's no from where I sleep I can see
my walk-in wardrobe the past few nights
I had to sleep with the door closed so I
don't see the Wardrobe so in my dream I
dreamt that well I should guys know my
granddad he passes away like over like
over 10 years my I don't know what in my
dream and my family said that they had
to take his body and store it in our
home so the thing is his body was gonna
be stored in my bedroom actually but
don't worry because his body would be
 sealed and wasn't like - in my
dream the dream it was like a box it
would stand upright and I like don't
worry because we're gonna put it behind
your wardrobe I was so terrified and my
dream when they were like bringing it
into my room I was actually under the
covers cuz I was so scared scared on my
own grandpa this is my wardrobe and this
was the box I can see the top of it went
peeping over I couldn't see anything I
just knew it was there it seems so real
in fact I couldn't sleep in my dream
where I have to watch friends to keep my
mind off things and I remember the
episode I was watching as well and on
the same night I also had another dream
because a Muslim and I was speaking and
the other dream I dreamt that I was
Donald Trump's secret daughter I don't
know which is more scary
I killed elective with your what's this
Angie talk I remember when I was little
Lisa pretend these are cigarettes I
don't like these it tasted like pure
sugar yeah that's good they want some
sweeties to get some clues not me you
we do everything together no II don't I
don't really really awkward to talk I
don't have much rules here in the UK
yeah and I'm going to LA in a few days
time for VidCon so I'll get some pieces
of you eh
I'm gonna look at the meaning of my
dream actually some aspect of self has
died but you're reluctant to forget
about it or burry in the past it may
suggest you're feeling just inside pull
on it unable to feel or Express on
emotions
I think it's the second when you read
then I'm dead inside
opposite is happening new life oh you're
pregnant for a while but my friend Chris
she actually used it and basically it's
just for selfies I know right so you
press a button at the back and I lights
up and then you hold it it dims it so
you have a dimmer or you nodded brighter
let's test what it looks like with a
more life so we light the light my
selfie would look like this
and then let's put on this is with and
then we'll bite
okay so there's some a difference
speaking of selfie there's actually a
video that's going around the web I'm
not sure some you guys have seen it and
basically I got quite confused at the
beginning I was like why is this I think
I sort of understand and I thought I've
been seeing like so many versions so it
tells you to move your shoulders 30
degrees but your head you want to turn
it 70 degrees and then you want to tilt
that head okay
I'm when you're holding a camera you
want to make sure that it's level with
your head yeah
bevel and 30 centimeters distance yeah
37 persistence so 37 years distance at
the same time you want to tell the
camera 30 degrees as well a lot of
numbers oh this is the selfie I think
it's done in a way so your face looks
slimmer
I have no idea no I'm teaching him which
are the good foundations how much I
wonder come on nothing I got better
Bob Ross to help you fall asleep at
night and he's great well I really want
to start painting again I am also
getting very distracted because I miss
afro was just so perfectly lined and it
looks so soft my skin is a lot better
it's just not as red itchy and patchy
anymore so very first thing was I have
to drink more water here so often but
what I really really really experience
for myself was it didn't matter
hi expensive on how good my moisturizers
and my skincare regime was when there's
no moisture from the inside there's
nothing that the creams can lock in
usually I drink a lot of water but I
think because I was also on a GU I
wasn't drinking that much so that is one
thing second thing about working from
within was I took fish oil gels again
just really boost up my immune system
and to help my hair my nails and my skin
improve word and also first thing that I
did really was and you use red light
therapy on my face again using my little
device that's my battery died I didn't
use it for a good few weeks and I've
come back I start using it every single
night and I really feel my skin like
firming up these are the things I've
been using to help from within now I've
heard exterior products what I started
to do was usually I do speciall oil but
you guys know I swear by it I still do
but what I find was in Hong Kong it was
great because they will zoom it there
but in the UK where the climate is quite
dry it's not enough so I use my facial
oil and also a moisturiser together so
during the daytime I would only use a
moisturizer but my I would use a facial
oil and also the moisturizer because at
night is when your skin regenerates just
share this video I hope I look so funny
but I'm gonna let you guys watch it
first when your mom finds out people are
coming over any side of living in this
house looking like a new mentoring user
by noon this has to be everybody's mom's
and the crazy thing is I feel like it's
also me
