it's my tradition
 you
he's figure to me get some Fitness in us
we will all feel better
this breakfast finally in my room so we
can get sleep I'm so sorry guys I was
like we've been so busy that it didn't
even occur to me to like flog the
purposes of the outside it's quite a
nice day today very very sunny you even
need to pack any masks because so many
of you guys actually gave me a lot of
brilliant masks so thank you so much I
spent over 16 hours trying to upload
this blog and took a long time which you
guys know and I was so happy when it was
live and then I realized it's on the
wrong Channel these hotel walls are
really thin earlier I could hear that
they were watching Harry Potter Chamber
of Secrets I'm just there they were
singing happy birthday like happy
birthday and I know there's kids next
door so I thought I'll sing along I'm
literally it was a happy birthday to you
and then as soon as I joined it happy
birthday - I mean there's a long pause
and I kept singing
for my final grades come believe it's
the last one guys gonna make this a good
one
as we approach and the tour is quite
very bittersweet I feel all over New
York City for this back home guys well
in Singapore tomorrow I am flying back
home so looking forward to concentrating
on being a mummy and the wifey again
everybody started to get sick near end
of the trip which is a good thing
because it would've been really lucky to
get sick during it thank you so much
Gabby for this like every night before I
go to bed I actually look at this and I
makes me so happy so not long until I
see them I'd to go for lunch very soon
but I when I was away I saw people like
really cool MacBooks you know how mine's
like plain I'm very drawn to this one
right now
mmm it takes careful consideration babe
and mommy makes me happier to have a
girl two weeks of touring
Jakarta Manila I'm back in Bluebell
hey guys so we're back here in Northern
Ireland
hubby collected me he's grabbing some
breakfast Isaac is currently in daycare
but I'll sack him later and is on the
last day I decided to get this bubble
gun for Isaac I think you'll really
enjoy but I have a feeling a feeling Dom
will be scared so he's scared already
just look away right great anyways guys
I'm back home in my house are you guys
happy feel like you guys prefer home
life rather didn't like you know
visiting places and stuff got a chance
to do a little bit of grocery shopping
and I were off you happy mommy's back oh
hi crispa Isaac no no oh
let's do dramatic he doesn't look quite
a bit good boy
oh thank you come I love you son I was
about to kill you why cuz I was getting
hungry I promise what I might do Tim
says he's gonna make it up to me by
bringing me somewhere with good food I
like your socks you're gonna be small
Estonian your song and it just stop see
the soldiers I'm not just science
terrible babe how do you manage to
survive it many people I walk see mom
really sorry guys I know a lot of you
guys wanted me to flog Isaac's reaction
picking them up but yesterday we picked
them up from daycare and we caught him
there so I can explain to you guys what
happened so I was on the door and I
peeked through the window I could see he
was happily play I open the door a
little bit and I was like I see
but he didn't really hear after a while
it was like a coupe it was kind of like
the movie moments where he caught my
gaze and we just stared at each other
just smiling like dududududu stared at
me
blatantly smiling for 10 seconds and
then you ran towards me
the trick is not to let people know hi
we are until it's too late for editing
the turn path tobacco
happy May I forgive you
Walker forgive you for taking really
long the park
dry-ice Canadian excellent as well Tim
got a chicken broccoli bake us all away
bacon a mushroom soup
and I got chicken and ham pie with much
goodness I'm at my sisters and I'm like
how do you guys deal with this mess
every single day
