two nine two more cities to go next up
we are heading off to Jakarta I just
want to say I'm really really proud of
Tim because I'm Tim a night we were
sorry oh my my my
okay so it's pata died okay so basically
tonight we were supposed to attend a
wedding together for two really good
friends and unfortunately I couldn't
make it do show you this tour so I
thought oh Tim would just leave Isaac
with the grandparents so Tim could enjoy
time of our England friends just a chill
and socialize but Tim insisted that he
bring Isaac as his plus-one
single-handedly
with Isaac he has of the car rental
service the ceremony the rest reception
with Isaac's age he still needs to nap
once a day so during a break he actually
drove back to the hotel so Isaac can
just freshen up and get some rest and
then he drove back for the reception
afterwards he popped him and put him to
sleep so I mean I feel like this is
something not a lot of daddies would be
comfortable doing so makeup props to him
so this is them an airplane and
everything is I think always falls
asleep really quickly after taking off
and this is them in the wedding and I'm
about to go to bed all clean and ready
for slumber fest
it's so cute because Isaac names also in
the guest list
and he has the only special menu I think
this is I think this is the melon salad
which is so cute and you see he's got
his a little coloring kit so he can you
do about coloring see totally had a
blast enjoying his wedding dinner and
being happy
none should my friend me I mean
bling-bling have been invented sense of
that the meantime sorry
KL traffic yes in all its glory a true
with the thick experience their watching
the music video I did with dates and
then like the perfectly blue giant air
good because shopping is premium is here
a little stress sitting in the car cuz I
just need like everywhere
do you hear that guy
I feel like traffic in LA Hong Kong I'm
so stressed our holding room is an
actual karaoke room please me feel like
I'm back home in Hong Kong like kill me
can we sing you guys turn it on you know
it'll be funny if they actually turned
it on
yes
a really amazing that I always live like
it I'm willing to learn and be willing
to try so by trying differently even
though I don't expect to be inspired
actually I have my own grocery buys so
here's my family and then we have
another one see I can go grocery
shopping Annie's my awesome are these my
Indonesian family I just want to say
thank you for such an amazing time
people are not wrong
Indonesia's are truly the friendliest
well since I saw here just to chat with
you guys currently here in Jakarta
actually pretty sad to know that again
you know I'm flying so student tomorrow
and I actually um soon after the meeting
group but it's been so much fun
I'm entire I'm yes but it's been so
worth it especially getting to see a lot
of you guys in person you guys know from
this tour we got to hop city to city to
city in this trip in each city
you know I've experienced a lot of
really sweet girls just bursting into
tears when meeting me and and then the
more I'm like ladies don't cry I'm sure
don't you even though you guys say they
are happy tears
I I can't help but feel unworthy of
those precious tears
you guys brought letters gives local
snacks I piy kiss and you know there's
actually a lot that says I'm so sorry
but I didn't bring anything for you and
I was like
I'm sorry for like I'm so happy seeing
you like just being able to talk to you
being able to hug me is more than enough
being able to see here feel that love by
seeing your faces hearing your words and
hugging you guys and it's just been
incredible on again let's take this
moment to say thank you to every single
one of you because you guys have truly
kept me going even to you know some of
the haters watching missed you know you
guys have helped me because you know
when I was in a panel I answered this
question a lot so I thought I'll put in
this vlog the question was a hearty deal
of the hate and I said that you can
really use that hate to your advantage
you let something destroy you and defeat
or you can let it build you and I feel
like YouTube because I'm so exposed
because you're sharing that you're not
perfect the thing is you're insecure
about your okay sharing it to the world
it's okay to tell people you're
vulnerable
it means you're not afraid of it when
you're not afraid of something you don't
let it eat you alive I feel like YouTube
could have gone a different way could
make you feel insecure it can make you
feel dissatisfied but it really works in
my favor and I have a lot of it to thank
you guys because you guys have always
been here to just support me along the
way from the bottom of my heart guys
thank you
you
