Thank Singapore is like the closest I'll
ever get to Hong Kong and make me really
really did a bit of shopping
everything here is expensive here at
terminal and waiting for words okay
really great meeting you guys here in
Singapore and you guys always make me
feel home so it feels a little
bittersweet to know that I'm already
leaving really looking forward to going
to Island oh boy for the very first time
I'm told to purchase great what if I'm
really cool about this tour that we're
doing is that I really respect that for
this alcohol Asia tour the tickets were
free so at the same time like no not on
me was afraid but I find that I was able
to communicate with you guys a lot
better
I was asking like what do you recommend
because my throat's been a bit sore
every day I'm talking so she's like oh
we have to get like this lemon water
no I'm checked in an airport I don't
know hi but hello they still money to
come to Terminal one every time
I think a lot of that as youtuber Aviv
were introduced we didn't expect to have
like just a wonderful River qual hours
it doesn't have to be touching above
data it's not what you have to do this
is a relationship something even better
really - because your time for every we
need to connect and follow it because
these people are people here a
motivating able to give you an
inspiration and interpro constructive my
sister this is what learned fun for me
what I did I just kind of don't focus on
even if I have it it really what sources
your tongue is or bottle in it so part
of it you really just want to be given
face instead just focus on learning
sharing what you love yourself to other
cluster really big and I mentioned
I have a lot of wonderful la estrella
are happy and it was like they were so
large but they actually really enjoyed
experience so the panel is really fun
and then I had a chance to do a
make-it-work shot and here is my
beautiful model Hannah dinky everyone
for coming it was one of my favorite
workshops because it was just so
intimate so after the meeting between
every was really interviews interviews
and interviews these guys are really
sweet to do my hair base we landed Lee
at night and I was teaching her to like
wash my hair so that day I stuck it in a
bun and then they fixed it up for me day
one is about to do some editing
I actually find this so cute
Murr disguised the best sleep ever for
the first time and of it I had a full 8
hour sleep on it was amazing laughing
when I got home at that char was so good
because we got to Malaysia pretty late
at night we were all pretty exhausted
and I didn't I was so much higher I
didn't want to wash my hair because I
knew I had to dry it and like it's one
of those you know it was like hair
dryers that you connect to the wool and
you just know it will take a long time
and I have a lot of hair so I thought
nah I went to the event with like really
messy hair it would actually like just
pull back into a bun and then somebody
had to come like sort of fix it up for
me you know I mean actually practically
like run to my room because I was
telling you guys that like when I go to
toilet okay the really hilarious and
really sweet thing is um a bunch of
subscribers to follow me in because I
know that when I'm in a toilet they get
chance to take photos but when I go
outside people always have to take me
away any issue was um because I was
quite tired yesterday I thought I'll
drink some coffee just perk me up and
you don't coffee makes you wanna go
right so um I needed to go but each time
I went to toilet I can hear like you
know there were people outside and I
feel quite self-conscious like peeing
like I don't want you guys to like you
know smell my stuff and I don't know I'm
not even like that comfortable like
pooping in public anyway but all I knew
was I needed to go so I said to a member
of staff I was like oh is there like a
different toilet that I can go to and
you know what's wrong with the current
toilet so I explained a situation from
that member of stuff they had to tell
other people to help so like they grew
knew that I needed to go poop it almost
went crazy that like so many people have
to work together to secure the area so I
can go
so that the sneak peek to see if there
anyone and guard the areas that I went
to you and I still couldn't go because
instead of subscribers it was crew
member that's my very awkward story this
makes me quite nervous
next day it's time for my Kuala Lumpur
meet-and-greet so for everybody who came
to see me thank you so much for making
my trip so memorable I really got to
feel your love through your hugs
see your love through your faces nice
dammit the food and Malaysia was amazing
I had my best meal there but none of it
compares to the people I've met
I really hope that one day light will
bring me back and hopefully we will
cross paths again
it's like Christmas guys thank you so
much for your letters and gifts this one
is actually like homemade hearts and it
smells good so Wow because like I told
you guys my sickies is pretty full so
what they're gonna do is they're gonna
ship your stuff back to me
you guys are not such a good dinner guys
it's amazing
no I know our our last one last okay
you
