waiting for the beauty workshop to begin
so as you guys know I'm currently in
Asia tv-style khan egypt work so I'm
gonna take you guys with me and show you
what I got up to honestly I think they
did like six magazine interviews and
they were so fun so I'm gonna show you
guys some of these snippets of my
answers so appreciate all these
movements where they want you to watch
anxiety that there's even though there's
a lot like I said if I could protect
them from there's so many times when
they don't hurt himself physically and
mentally by just that so become a strong
character that's when it falls either
will be able to get up
we're an expert that workshop I was a
model while Murray demonstrated
differences between Korean and American
makeup what was really cute was the
girls were in front of us they were
testing other products and even helping
others around them so who's so cute by
the way how cool is her hair yeah this
is what you did for making me laugh you
guys can see I'm gonna lay on this but
parney this is a new thing it's supposed
to be a heart after a fun-filled day
it's finally time to relax and we headed
off to a restaurant called c'est la vie
where the view was just breathtaking
Singapore stop teasing me who everybody
it is Cle 2210 looking good right so
it's just exactly what my skin needs
because Singapore is just so humid I
want your makeup it you just feel so
gross it's hopefully gonna do a bit of
editing but record of bed early start
tomorrow very excited is Yeol so I hear
while Acutes the building already here
for the meet-and-greet events there's my
name will my channel
let's call a little screen we have
enough of these to actually like tile a
bathroom so weird how long you guys been
following her for and I think the chance
to thank everybody for coming to see
little me it was so amazing and even
though it was a weekend and it was so
early you guys still took time to line
up so thank you so much I got to see a
lot of new faces after people you
mentioned that they could meet the
previous meeting greets so really happy
that I got to meet you all and also
recognize a lot of familiar faces as
well which was so sweet since the tour
takes few weeks my suitcase was already
pretty full so don't worry guys because
they're gonna be saving all your letters
and gifts back to me I squeeze as much
letters in my suitcase actually I'll
never forget your faces and your hugs
your kind words and believe me I will be
back
next day was a fun workshop where girls
are gathered in teams and we make a
video and guess who's the judge
some girls have chose the spot right
here can you tell me why they need is it
the lighting here we have someone using
it this room right here could be great
because it's got that backdrop there
quick slider for them night so I've got
like the timer there which makes it like
ooh
but that is like one hour 22 minutes so
it'll be a while
no Project Runway you always have
someone that's like designers yeah five
minutes left
designers you've got like ten seconds
left I want to do that
okay oh those are all very very smart so
they're gonna take piece of paper and
just make little heart shape have girls
hard at work here really really are you
gonna keep coming are you just gonna
blow my street don't mind coffee sort of
like the Japanese what's what seem like
Japanese theme because like freckles are
really in so basically everybody was
wondering 12 minutes left are you gonna
like come block me every time
Sammy purchase Tony died at 1:00 three
minutes left three minute blam you guys
huh once again I want to congratulate
Curt one for being the winner everybody
did so good in fact we didn't want to
get her hopes oh well since everybody
only had one on 30 minutes to fulfill
them and edit to put everything together
but you guys really blew us away so good
job everyone
