I better just go babe
can any dog owners relate so you know
after you get out of the shower and then
you forget to bring your clothes so you
walk by but Nick and everything well it
says you'll have a bend over to grab
your underwear and then so when I was
doing that I realized my butt felt extra
breezy as if someone was like breathing
into it so it I got sort of feeling and
it was kind of tickly and then I turned
and I realized that it's my dog
chubby it was police sniffing like my
but I guess it's her way to find out
what I've been up to that day who I met
and stuff and the tickling was of course
the whiskers because her nose was that
far in are you off word from this
experience I'm asked if people can
relate and actually not a lot of you
guys it says another reason I don't have
a dog hello it is currently in daycare
so it's time for me to part it's just so
glad that I got leather sofa in a
kitchen or else I'll be so difficult to
clean what it is doing in a sofa did you
take this from the basket did you take
this from the basket this is your cape
of shame nights I never thought I'll say
this but I waited like a week to clean
out the toilets and I was so good ah
baby no no
ah here comes the turn trip guess who's
back you wanna know what Tim brought me
back from Hong Kong you got me
chicken parter sesame oil but always
oyster sauce in a squeeze tube do you
know how amazing this is
and you would think I'm being sarcastic
but because like Chinese stuff is so
expensive here this is exactly what I
want
actually not buddy
oh you like to make a sauce 1/2 pizza
Kamiya
I'm just eating my little dessert but
he's eating the skin one no nobody
equals oh man yeah so funny
hey Belle apologies and this statistic
we are
tomorrow I am flying off to Singapore I
don't know why I thought I was flying at
26 and I was so sure that and like
something made me look at my itinerary
today as I fly tomorrow we are in P and
Q I'm looking for news for the first
time I'm like AIESEC knock yourself by
with all these buttons for the past few
days we've just been enjoying family
life will bite the camera basically you
guys know what we love vlogging and
sharing our little moments since I am
flying off to Asia tomorrow
for a YouTube tour I figured for you
know the past few days I can just focus
completely on my family he always
thought I was only going away for a week
and usually when I travel for work it's
always a week max but this time it's for
two weeks really really really excited
about meeting you all but at the same
time like this is the first time I'll be
away from my family for so long for work
Tim isn't back on UK for very long he's
gonna be back for just a few weeks and
it sucks that I'm out of the country for
most of it
Peter you have the innings the fight is
our fight is over 1 Piper are you hyper
I think it so much for fun forget about
me when I kiss she I better just go babe
I will try say Oh help
dr. lump in my throat when I was saying
goodbye to my boy
you know because like Isaac was
obviously crying but Tim was driving
away you can just hear - screaming like
subside and I was talking to my sister
she's like I'm so jelly yes they're like
eat in peace and sleep in peace but when
I was eating like the food in the pub
earlier actually wanted Isaac to be
there to pass or me I'm here in
Singapore guys and I can I can aren't
you speaking like the girls I said every
time I come here like I tell you guys
it's like coming back to like hope I
call Singapore like my third we wanted
to yeah of course is UK a family
vermicelli
it's got prawns in it but it's also got
like this soft-shell crab so it looks
scary like this but you can totally eat
all of it really from Singapore guys um
oh my goodness it's so surreal being
here and I just can't believe the girls
came to like see me at the airport once
again was really really special so today
I am getting with some dork see I told
you these were like the fun pseudo til
the darker the light is super nice I can
organized like a hair my goober slash
treatments while I'm here in Singapore
mom's I only flew in yesterday s you
guys knows so she's me the next day
quite relaxing what they're gonna do is
they're going to make more of a
transition of the dark going in
the color I really do like my hair color
I find that it's starting to get really
light I don't know if you guys mood is
getting my hair done by these or lovely
men so they are doing a technique called
color melting and I have no idea what it
is but irony it's gonna be great well so
I just got my hair wash and I can
already see that I've got more dark in
my hair so I'm dry and oily at the same
time yes oh my goodness also at no idea
like the sculpt is so important but
basically your sculpt is kind of like
the soil so if you have a healthy scalp
then your hair will be healthier
