are you smiling or crying I can't even
tell oh no I think I think it's
happening and still wearing his veal I
think keep those crayons away from this
guy okay you saw the rainbow poo the
other day didn't you
no what can I just tell you dumb oh are
you sure you want it so I asked you guys
a caption this photograph and this
response slayed me fresh cut check fresh
clues check game face check i sacrament
is ready to hit it
I say I look good I ready to go your
friend Jenny's party is gonna be so much
fun her and then I think mother please
do not ruin my groove you know when your
toddler's farts aren't extra frequent
extra file then you know what's about to
come
physically it's going to be way worse
your nose I don't like wiping your nose
either
such a little ugly crier but it's okay
most people are pretty smile oh are you
smiling or crying I can't even tell oh
no I think I think it's happening he's
leaning on me for supports like it's not
like I can even run away
are you dead something I have to share
all the later you guys what thanks
thanks okay thank you sorry I thought
they were my best friend and I we're we
have very similar tastes so a lot of
times when we buy something like the
other one of us would end up buying it
and I know a lot of people they don't
really like this but we actually don't
mind I guess our point where we're like
oh I like your talk or oh I like your
shorts and right away we'll say it's
wrong and in this case the dress she got
was from boo actually got all colors in
navy black and in red and looking at a
given thing is special I remember when
she was showing me this just holding it
but when you wear it it's like wow oh my
goodness my waist is not the curviest
but when I'm wearing this it actually
really feels like I'm extra curvier and
don't mind the boobs
I even how much to show anyway but my
goodness this is definitely a flattering
dress it was really really cheap as well
so just sharing the love guys this is a
great dress I wonder how two black one
looks okay so for the black one I
actually wore like this vest underneath
it but wow it's so flattering Wow I like
this dress I feel like I have to go out
in this dress I have to do my hair and
makeup so I can wear this dress I'm
actually gonna take the dogs tickers you
reckon I can wear to stress to the
groomers nice a bit longer a meat but I
quite like the fact that it's a little
long so it doesn't make it look as
revealing
I need to go bra shopping now I need to
get a good bra back to my ordinary
clothes
I have a question everyone hi come when
a child wakes up after it or not instead
of feeling refreshed and figurative
energized well rested
instead they wake up angry like what
what is up with that it's like when they
wake up they feel even worse
question is why aren't I am wearing a
dress that looks like sinking my best
friends and I was like telling all our
other girlfriends you guys should get it
because it's Supes mattering it's like
it's one of those clingy dresses but
because it can erupts in the in the
middle it clings in all the right places
when that ISA mummy's going to get him
to take me for dinner okay I always have
small my shoulders please don't smell my
dress he made me put on these new shoes
my these are very special because they
were a gift when I was still pregnant
and I like two years later over two
years he is finally wearing them there's
still a little fake which is perfect
because it means he's got more time to
grow into them he's usually when Isaac
sleeps that's when I catch up on my
editing my correspondence but today has
been so busy I'm just going to relax and
watch a bit of TV
morning guys I think it's cream take
care
yesterday I was having quite a stressful
day I think because the Hisle is like a
tip I had laundry that needed done
dishes to do I think got the cold again
and I had videos it Eddie sorry I was
just stressing right a lot
so when yesterday Isaac took my hand and
he led me to the front door I got that
as a sign that he was asking me to take
him outside for a walk so at the time we
were buffed and everything but so we
just put her coat on and I'm with her my
slippers and when were inside I was
pointing on it look Isaac tree look look
I think Lars and I should have pointed
out it's something I realized wow those
flowers are beautiful or well how that
tree is stunning and it was just exactly
what I needed I think like a break
outside with fresh air
and the Sun was beaming at us it's
almost as if he was like mummy you seem
stressed today
that's quite for a walk but most likely
just because he wanted to go for a walk
but it was exactly what I needed so then
when he was a bit last night usually I
would spend like the next few hours
catching up on errands do work it's not
okay I'm not even going to touch my
laptop I'm just gonna go upstairs watch
a little bit of TV you do a little bit
reading give myself a facial and it felt
so nice yeah I think isn't daycare I had
a chance to do the dishes on sir my
emails and stuff so I feel a lot better
and then later I'll be cool and I have
to do some grocery shopping and running
other errands and the good news is Tim
is back tomorrow while he flies tomorrow
so he's back on Saturday so really the
good forward to that and another thing
recently there was a person that really
hurt my my parents and not physically
but um this person I guess calls a lot
of unnecessary drama I would say
although I wouldn't say this person
amended to happen but it did and
affected my parents business usually it
takes a lot to get me mad but because
this was personal and affected my mom my
dad my brother
I thought of stress up at 33 so it
affected me and I didn't want to tell
people this but seeing them so stressed
and worried like this it broke my heart
to point that I just lost my appetite
I just couldn't eat and maybe because
I've been so tired lately as well I
haven't been looking after myself
properly but anyways couple days ago we
finally got clarified which was exactly
just what I wanted mainly as we cleared
the air regarding the misconceptions of
some false information okay no you would
think since everything is cleared and we
were celebrating we were happy that you
know that's me moving on but especially
with the person and her daughter
involved I have to admit that I was
upset with the things she said but they
were unnecessary and I didn't appreciate
the racism but then I realized that okay
this person is still very young okay I'm
probably old enough to be her mother
okay so okay and secondly she was just
trying to protect
mother which I can understand because I
was just trying to protect my parents in
the first place
so everything was cleared enough all we
wanted but not like I wasn't getting the
proper closure
dude this morning I message the person
and I've contacted her before she never
apply to me which I can totally
understand but just for myself okay I
messaged her and I was like Mike I'm
really sorry things ended up being this
way I mentioned I'm sure you'll agree
that least wasted far too much time and
effort on the silly little situation we
have so many more important things that
focus our attention to basically I was
just saying that like we're gonna move
on you should move on to don't worry you
know from like a week or two people
won't even like remember this so just
carry on with your life and we'll carry
on with ours some of you guys might get
offended but from me saying this foot
this is a trip this is really Ohio's
what I felt so I'm gonna share it I was
praying about the whole thing
I felt God tell me to the messiest woman
and I didn't want to and I was like no
way after everything you know they said
and they've done and what they put my
family through
no no way so I tried to block it out of
my mind and I was getting myself dizzy
which you guys know but there was just
something in my partner's really
lingering so like I said this morning I
messaged her and I said look you can
take what I'm saying as in genuine and
everything is up to you how you want to
process it but I just really felt the
need to come to you and you know say
these things to you when I told my
family I messaged this person my family
were like what like are you didn't even
deserve that message and it wasn't about
what they deserved I was doing myself a
favor as well the reason I'm sharing is
of you guys it's because I'm sharing the
more all the story is the price off
trying to be right it's too hard to pay
sometimes so just let it go let it go
let it go oh my goodness actually don't
know the rest of the lyrics I've
actually gotten over to frozen like
crazy things I was born in my head just
remember everyone is different nobody is
perfect so sometimes things happen you
don't know why why do people say things
and stuff but then you realize that you
can't control other people's actions you
couldn't control what other people say
you could control how they feel but you
can't come
trol your attitude a few days ago get
ready for serious cheese I was looking
at my back garden and I was like wow
those trees are beautiful and it made me
remember that you know what when a tree
is deeply rooted on the ground it will
not fall harsh conditions can make it
lose its leaves sometimes so harsh that
all the leaves would be gone but the
tree will still stand of course and
season that tree will blossom again
remember you're so much stronger and
more capable than you could ever imagine
wait time to go grocery shopping I was
reading your comments mr. dance time you
guys love that like I only pick a few
spots to vlog and one of them is like
next to my toaster and the reason is
because I actually set my camera on the
microwave which makes it perfect
distance for me to vlog there's
something or someone that makes you
resentful and you have to remind
yourself that being resentful takes up
so much of your mental energy it's just
not worth it so even though some people
say all you know but they don't deserve
to be forgiven or whatever do yourself a
favor and forgive
