static radiance fine fine what I thought
those treats were for us no no no no
these are not for doggies these are for
you
yes that's right
doggies have their own food
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba I knew it I saw you
do that baby
okay good boy
little monkeys jumping on the bed give
her to Ma and fell off and jumped his
head off isn't that weird after you take
a shower and you wash your hair you just
feel amazing before I took my shot I had
some makeup on and everything but I just
I just felt so live after when you
shower I just feel so clean that you
just feel more energized and I feel like
it's not how you look a lot of times
it's how you feel tonight I take it off
to his grandparents and now I'll be
watching a movie with my big sister and
my empty so really look forward to that
I'll come up to see granny before we
have dinner with Becca yeah getting her
new do say in some sheets because she
says she's having trouble sleeping at
night because it's too warm if you're
Nessus hot so off we go again following
tradition she gave me a big bag of food
with Perry home we're looking after the
food while they all go to toilet but we
were watching the Captain America movie
I just cannot eat the salted popcorn I
hear like popcorn has to be sweet sis
sorry for spilling like a large drink
all over you cold it's like part of like
the most exciting scene she grabs her
girls next to me and I don't know what
happened but it all went all over my
crotch
I'm Biden it's like why bother I'm
freezing
it's so wet guy is actually really bad
yes
Hisle that's boiling me from a knife and
he stayed over last night
this is Jimmy Oliver all right guys
welcome to my kitchen today I'm making
scrambled eggs you swot start out I go
dad man Jamie Oliver but you wanna quit
crap this banana peel oh look at that
look at the markings on that you want it
just perfect like this I don't like that
no nothing yeah cheffy I think she's
just chasing my banana go here go buy a
gift on the double oh sorry no good boy
looks like half of its inside your bib
though look at him play with Anees feel
actually I got this for Annie's hen but
it ended up looking like a child's feel
so she was like can I not wear that and
I totally understand so I brought back
and apparently he likes playing with it
see he and see why it looks like a
child's feel Wow Oh radiance he wants it
back seriously guys he loves Abril he
won't take it off
shall we go play and sinden Dindin
didn't you won't wear his caps it will
wear his hats but he'll wear this
anyways I'm back guys as a background of
past two days and I've just been
settling in and just trying to catch up
on some rest
it's so weird cuz I thought oh I'll be
nice to get rejuvenated in those few
days away I do not feel rejuvenated I am
so tired and sore but all worth it he's
so happy in it okay fine fine dear
pretty the doggies and I are sunbathing
since it was so wet and cold in Majorca
we're gonna catch up on a sun rays back
here aren't we
I wonder how long this weather's gonna
last let's do some watering my cherry
trees I started to blossom Isaac where
are you oh oh I think we're a peekaboo
Oh a baby
she's been icing an eye lately and it's
been really really nice so since he's in
day care today
I'm just wanna do some errands because
it's getting so hot I think when I get
him a hat and some books actually from
the read when he's outside going I to
run errands and getting Isaac books
ended up getting this to be like a crime
not to lay right here and do research
I couldn't mood change like this so
quickly
