so loving my skinning delayed Oh serum I
stopped using for a while because I ran
out and I just watched my skin go
haywire about all these expensive serums
and creams and it just wasn't doing very
much my skin it doesn't allow you when
you first use the skinning serums but
it's sort of like a slow process of
really working into your skin I have
something very very special to show you
guys today I was just waiting for the
postman to come like a child waiting and
Christmas Eve I've got my parcel and you
guess what's inside this box my my big
eye book written by Lindy bang this is
so surreal I know I could have locked
myself opening the box but it was just a
moment that I wanted to have for myself
I cannot even describe how I'm feeling I
I'm just I'm so happy and of course even
though this is not the final copy as you
can see this is the advanced reader
coffee final copies will be coming later
but I'm just so overjoyed to be holding
this very book in my own hands I've been
working on this for the past year and
what a diet has just been one of the
most challenging yet rewarding
experiences of my life I too died the
proudest thing I've done in my youtube
career I've only been able to read
several pages so far and I am already
feeling so inspired I'm so happy
last night I was reading a comment on
Instagram and I actually burst into
tears and the comment said bubs I am
going to read this book I will be
definitely making a video all about my
book for you guys in fact by the time I
upload this fall but most likely you
guys would have already seen it
you know mommy run this book are you
gonna read it it's just such a special
moment but would not even exist what
about you guys supporting me along the
way thank you so much for being my
inspiration and my biggest cheerleaders
I love you all and I sincerely hope you
will enjoy reading this as much as I did
writing it what better way to relax and
whine dying to read very open and good
for my insomnia it's all these
multi-purpose and just in corner guards
so since Isaac is growing taller
sometimes he'd bump his head
most it's a bump but you know it is a
marble top so it could be really
dangerous I was going to just my bubble
wrap and just wrap around edges but then
I decided to the gun line because do you
know you'd buy everything online I've
already installed the corner ones I just
kind of measure high long I need it to
be and then cut it I've got tape on both
sides to mine that gets ticking though
that's the thing when you become a
parent instead of having stuff looking
really pretty it's more important to
have it safe it looks much better than
just using ordinary bubble wrap I think
if you look at the mirror today
it was actually even hired this morning
when he woke up but it started to fall
mmm I remember back then when I was
younger my hair is a stick up and happy
like granny granny and my granny would
go oh I think my granny used her saliva
to solve everything like if my face was
a bit dirty so just go up initially rub
it off or if I hurt myself she'll use
her saliva yeah again I think we should
like if I close I guess Hey and then on
your face see even he knows yes that's
right we are going to introduce the F
and calendered I think I think do you
know what happened Colin here is open
number one first
and I said you can play it on your track
every day Isaac gets one little toy
until Christmas and then Christmas Isaac
gets a special toy Oh what they do is
they wrap it and then they open
something like in here you have like
another foot here and then there's like
a bunch of bright products inside that
are mirror this guy is trying out the
air fryer as this big giant gonna be in
my kitchen from now on supposedly was an
air fryer you don't need nothing you
need oil when used before the oven
anyway your dentist will taste my
certain oven chips thank you so much
Johnny for the doggie advent calendar
that's perfect cuz each one comes of two
treats pe should we put our Christmas
tree up yes please yeah that's better
thank you God the safe it does taste
good morning everyone can't think of a
better way to start a morning that's
your read all of your comments in your
comments has just completely lifted me
into the sky thank you everyone for your
kind words a lot of the times if I'd be
really really honest it really feels
like I get more encouragement from you
guys energy from the people around me so
I just want to say it means so much more
than you know
this is how I make her do tummy time her
ratio is 80% head 20 body surrender
ready getting ready because I'll be
celebrating my birthday early with my
girls and also celebrating my butt
really looking forward to see me because
it's gonna be so special I'm in a while
since I've seen my girlfriends also this
is also really special to me last time I
wore this was for my meet-and-greet in
Singapore so it's so nice to wear this
again because I cannot fit into a lot of
my clothes still but luckily this one is
nice and baggy and you just search it in
the week it looks like there's a dead
body in here we're gonna be putting up a
Christmas tree keep postponing it you're
gonna be a good girl daddy yes you are
it takes one person to do to lift them
everybody then he puts it on such a
lovely evening and I realized the last
time I was able to sit down enjoy a nice
meal with my girlfriends was exactly one
year ago also on my birthday and coming
back to see that Tim had already run a
nice hot bath ready for me is it's just
been such a perfect evening
