my goodness souvenirs and a mother's I
can I buy you this for your house you
forgot to duck I realize that one wears
they're saying that kind of hassle
boners just so immature
speaking of immature well all now we're
in Spain of course gonna have to order
myself a paella
April and nonny have ribs and Stacy has
a curry oh I want to do that we just
have ribs in paella
it's like saying to my sister like
Spanish people they have rocking body
like the waitresses and everything it's
just like it's because the lrc food
smells like I have a seafood diet I see
food and I eat it which notice is
building it's upside died it's so odd
find it we find an Aldi to get some some
stuff to make breakfast tomorrow yeah I
know they were so excited and I can we
get coffee on the way back rec center
buy supermarket and coffee like little
granny you know the pain and bridesmaids
we're the girls while kind of the pink
are on their way to aeroplane they're
like an old wagon slow motion with a
Britney Spears music for us I was
walking out of the grocery store and
instead of a swag hyundai getz grocery
bag and drinking dirts cheesecake and
tea in my career
today is a little bit of a Lumiere day
the drinking continues
part-ii - I love paella these trees
imagine like waking up to these trees
every day
yeah you Bill hi cool are you are they
stuff actually it looks like they're
posing for a photograph keep swimming
just gets very much Eclipse wings being
slamming they're so cute look at their
focus on their head
oh it will be the Masters are coming for
much of a fight and they're like you
walk you walk and it's just like hair
but each other this one is so done with
life we're back in the apartment and
chilly it's been a really nice day the
weather hasn't been too great
actually the really ironic thing is I'm
back home in Northern Ireland where is
usually gloomy cold and rainy it's been
blasting of the Sun today is actually
funny here is really gonna souvenirs and
a Mundell I can i buy you this for your
house you pick up to that yeah so far
our hen has been very mellow that's
about to change
Strait was supposed to come to Majorca
we are in New York but the thing is
throughout the edge of it so we're
really close to please fill my Daluz and
my Philippe has a nickname called up
shag aloof and it's where the all these
young people are Hardy never in a
million years that like I ever imagined
I would be here ha ha wait we're
actually gonna be going on in our squad
shirts and I got feathers in my hair yes
my sister warned us that we would get
bombarded by random guys
lots of sleazy men so we're just kind of
hiding out here
I let her fall oh my goodness I cannot
believe Annie dragged me to write this
booty oh boo you know how you would
imagine looking sexy on this well they
did not look sexy at all
finally any of love and I was left
looking silly by myself I was at your
very good way to save a thing for
leaving guys we find it the best way to
get guys to leave you alone and it's to
say my period I need to go home that
like we're going into Tom Horn
did you baby girl I Oh mellow nice
where's the scene experience this trip
pretty old for this my goodness at least
and it was a nice man I think the day
has come for us
Lee we've been such a mess here whoa the
Sun never came but it's alright
we still had lots of fun we're waiting
to be picked up in just a couple hours
so we're here getting our last meal and
make New York up I think you're just
last michaelis it was really
not our intention to be in party central
but we happen to be so close by we just
figured might as well been a really nice
time telling of the girls but I think
we're all really ready to go home go
home what was the highlight of your trip
what what happened at my glue stays in
my hair actually perfect for your
post-op time here's Jionni she's here in
spirit we're all dead
he had a rodeo from suture my arm
muscles are super sore well until the
next pen make fun of Vegas get on the
bride is still laughing going over to
footage we captured from our phones
Annie I hope you had a great time with
us we know we did it was very
spontaneous trip we never thought we
would ever end up in Michael oof and yet
we did everything was spontaneous even
our outfits we cannot wait until your
big date rollin September and Ray you're
a very very lucky man but we all know
that she will always be ours
yeah we don't know why I think those the
Goss is the really broad artyom inner
gangster in us and we we may watch too
much white chick
