roasted some cauliflower courgettes and
I got my homemade salsa right here which
I'm just going to sprinkle on top yeah
me you got the yellow thing underneath
in your cheek way yellow thing must be
determined to do like table is empty and
the left foot Saturday it's like until
but the same time I can't stop yesterday
from the be no we had a lot of food left
over and I hate wasting so it's gonna do
what I could in extra days we're just
going to like somehow incorporate fish
bowls tofu curd and like all this stuff
inter meals
so please eyes it yeah yeah look guys
I'm not wearing stripes today my sister
was like why is he always is stripe and
it didn't occur to me I liked stripe
through hey we all like stripes they're
so beautiful
yesterday they were so like that and not
today they're like that good morning
good afternoon gay yeah good afternoon
Tim and I take her off to airport to
pick up their grandmother in the airport
and speaking of airport Tim will be
flying back to Hong Kong for two weeks
so really sucks because we left so much
stuff behind especially because we move
back so soon he has to go back and forth
a lot this year he tries to make it so
when he's back he's not there too long
so this time he's only going for two and
a half weeks and then he'll be back
again for a month or so I feel like at
this point I've kind of gotten used to
it I feel like before I would sort of
panic a little bit why do you have
company so I'm the dog and I know that
my mom and mom will help out as much as
she can so I feel very grateful
why is it my roasted vegetables we have
leaked cherry tomatoes peppers onions
like play-doh hey that works that works
I got my puree paste on the pizza based
and then put the roasted vegetables on
top I have some chicken left over today
so I threw that in there as well so now
I just sprinkle a little bit of Italian
herb a little bit of baby hmm baby mama
oh well you cut easy
they bloomed again and they look like a
total different bunch right I've gotten
so much bigger I'm neither like a pale
pink very pretty good morning guys
it's 8 a.m. and I'm screaming for my
best writer pick me up and we're going
to put in airport well so now I
celebrate my best friend getting married
in September we're gonna give her a
really good time by bringing her to
Spain didn't miss me you're gonna see
yes hmm
by the way I just want to share
something with you guys okay so today
I'm drinking green tea okay I always
drink green tea when I'm in a restaurant
cafe they ask me will over the katrinka
it's always a green tea recently I had
an instant and I'll try my best to
describe how serious it is but by being
too graphic okay a little we know that's
always hard when it comes to me I'm sure
a lot of you guys have heard of tea
tuxes and basically you know these are
cleansing tea vibes so to me green tea
has always been more of a cleansing tea
and Chinese tea has always been more of
a cleansing tea lower back I got being a
thumb tea talks of tea and two nights
ago I had the the night formula so it's
been a few nights sense and I can say he
my bomb was finally healed but two days
ago I was in absolute agony I'm not
gonna mention abroad and come scare some
of you guys will go and buy it
mild my but my oh my oh my okay and more
like explosive okay explosive not
kidding in case like seriously oh my
goodness I felt like lava was Buick out
of my butt
it was so bad guys I kept having to wake
up during the night to go to toilet and
I was so lied okay lied and it was that
bad that even Tim who was sleeping at
the time was like oh I must have been
terrified for him he was under his
covers going be stuff after I was done
or at least I thought I was done with
the toilet
I would wobble back to my bed and I had
trouble sleeping that night because my
bum felt so raw like rain off death so
every time I turned a little I was like
it was bad guys not my friend she had
the exact season t she didn't know so
like most people after she was done
drinking her cup of you're only supposed
to drink one cup which I do
she kept filling it up with more water
so I can't even imagine commodity anyway
some yeah good morning guys it feels so
good to have like a butt hole that
doesn't sting it's like they knew don't
look at me like that guys
I'll miss she and that's me I love ki so
weird I'm only gonna be away for mmm
maybe for almost five days actually but
I feel like I'm really couldn't miss
Isaac yesterday he was driving me crazy
and I was like oh really look forward to
going away and last night I had trouble
sleeping because I'd missed him I miss
him so much
and usually I am and then I look forward
to seeing in the morning after when he
wakes up hopefully he's gonna have a
great time with his grandmother and the
doggies we've all checked in the lady
was like have an iPhone
and I was like thank you you too I mean
I mean nice thing she was like next is
fine without girly holiday I get two
bruises see tripped over a tree oh my
goodness we were totally packing up
either incident with the city and we
forgot like there's a lot of people
eating around us we were not silent at
all
you
