it's already 30th of April what it means
tomorrow morning morning is here
sunshine is here morning and shine is
here morning is here dry I mean goodness
I have the best sleep ever guys if we're
like fall in such a deep sleep that you
wake up your hand like whoa where am i
what motivates me to wake up breakfast
I've been eating a bit cleaner lately
and some of you guys been asking what
money
tell me looks like almost two years post
post party so I'm going to show you guys
I'm so sorry like I always were these
sweatpants so as you can see the skin
has firmed up quite a bit definitely not
like hot used to be my bellybutton it's
quite psyche it looks a bit like a
butthole but we have bigger problems and
stuff like this so yeah I'm so we're
even when he's sleeping I have to go and
like do to bed mmm-hmm I thought your
sleeping just realized the tag on my
t-shirt oh that's just good
oh so sad it is please Emily oh this is
actually I 6 but I ended up keeping it
office is coming along nicely still
waiting for my chair to come
murderbreath my ring light um I finally
got another backdrop taking a break from
work Nick
Isaac playing with the dogs oh you'll be
trying to take a toy you're already very
lucky hey come on let's go I'm so tired
today I don't know but like looking at
the mirror I just I feel really washed I
am just so lethargic feeling drowsy all
day my hello fresh box came in today
times it's a bit annoying having to
decide what to cook during a week so I
signed up for a food subscription
service where they send in a huge box of
fresh groceries and means I just
followed their recipes I don't have
insight what to cook it's all fresh and
greens and I learned something new so we
want to change the way EE forever we
give you access to the best ingredients
and a simple knowledge to cook them so
you can eat great food and spend more
time - nothing Chula happy cooking
looks like they gave me the vegetarian
box rather than the classic box so it
means that this week we will just be
having veggies
these already ingredients chubby
actually wants him to grab it some you
guys are a little misunderstood because
you think chubby doesn't like Isaac but
the truth is they actually really do it
on each other times he's a little erotic
love his behavior which scares her but
um she is very protective over him and
he really does favor chubby sorry Dom Oh
Dom will always attack from behind today
from the hellofresh recipe
Jamie's baked sweet potatoes with grader
salad and crunchy seeds um not really an
easy lunch I would say even though it
looks easy it is easy this takes a lot
of time and strength unless you have a
processor really loading it up parney
add some rocco this makes it look really
pretty
I know Tempe likening that hope making a
stir-fry with egg noodles for him
someone made himself all comfortable
they have a corner each one and do ya
what's happening Isaac thank you boy
he's so much energy
ya get boy give me small clothes is it
that much energy he's having a biscuit
and they have a bone each my kid
I love them Marvel games sort of like a
many high-score Beenzino so I'm gonna go
and grab some stuff it's already 30th of
April what it means tomorrow Isaac are
you helping mommy with the groceries
oh this favorite yeah oh wait okay we'll
give you one when you did you might have
my nutty sauce to mine it you know that
I help me torture a rap um some chicken
mmm cucumber tomatoes I love spring
onion and a little bit of rocket nice
healthy lunch is served
hmm
I think why are you crying wait wait
I was trying to taste your lunch and
then I smelled something burn in his
crying only I know don't cut it
recording
