I think no no put it back
oh the trunk oh oh oh um I'm not going
anywhere baby okay thank you thank you
oh boy for lunch I made chicken with
whole-grain rice quinoa and there's
peppers some mushrooms on some spring
onions I'll do in the fruit and water so
I love putting raspberries there's lemon
orange mint mint because it really nice
this is so refreshing you don't even
want to have soda or juice we're here
that's granny bugs we bought choppy and
doubles so they're gonna meet Mac and
Mia so if you guys are already mecha Mia
are our family dogs and there could pick
some more yet are you guys ready to meet
your um because it oh my can is I think
she's scared it's like she's a piece of
me oh don't want you to rescue Oh Oh Pig
honey be careful
Oh chubby you coming back there big
friendly Giants like Luffy don't want
the right Isaac God ever say they give
him guard the door no McDonald is he's
very timid very gentle but he's not
scared of fake dogs I'm a Kamiya they're
too friendly assaults in the world I
think the problem is because they're so
friendly they're such friendly puppy
they don't know when they kind of cross
that boundary and their jump and they
don't point out you it's easier to tell
them to back off and then this was just
a scaredy cut mmm golpes all right
oh well kind of best friends friendly
Giants playing with my niece and nephews
toys here Tim's happy last minute
oh really happy to because they were on
like a straw and then dead nobody scores
they would have to do 30 minutes of
extra time which means I would have to
endure another 30 minutes
look at those legs though there's so
muscular yes you get problem ah wait
okay what next
okay your grandma would be so broad
careful make sure nobody gets her what
the yeah
Dumbo stop it oh so funny cuz he's so
submissive to her but she's terrified of
other dogs so the chain of submission Oh
Mia
hey girl Mia she doesn't have one single
ounce of hate in her
you happy though yeah she's actually
excited hey
careful baby to me every time I sit
decent up she guards it to her city
right side so cute
so I just did a huge fashion home watch
right for a guy's since it gets a bit
tricky trying to find time to work out
everyday with Isaac in the morning what
happens is I would just play music
videos and dance - I would just memorize
and Isaac would always have to be picked
up so I would carry him and then we
dance together and do squats
they look comfy yeah well then look at
that belly
IKEA yeah yeah why does he like being
here so much
I'm you guys have mentioned that Oh
Weiss I'm not talking yeah and I'm not
too worried but the good news ISM he
started to really bobble better late
than never
hmm
why is it good it's like the perfect
size for him Wow SATCOM turbo what hello
Steve of that oh yeah you like it
he's find himself something think of the
Rose retired
we're almost there Isaac roflcopter we
said welcome to Ikea to get like a jug
on a mixing bowl and we end up with like
a trolley full of stuff you're forever
fixing things aren't you I think hi he
goes the opposite direction I think
what's happening towards me with
something in his life and all like what
is this no just dump me in his life and
you don't even need to sell me where did
you get that
give me
are you tired yeah I know mommy's tired
too ready to go but this guy once the
chocolate biscuit I think no no set it
back for home guys
