kidneys guide back to eating my healthy
banana pancakes all you need is one
banana mashed mixed with two eggs for
lunch I'm having chicken with quinoa
it's warm today such a nice day the
thing about being in UK is it makes you
appreciate good weather when I was in
Hong Kong
I was hot every day that's on days where
it rained and when days when it was
gloomy I rejoiced the night it's nice
AIESEC and Tim is back tonight I'm gonna
help my sister today with a little bit
baby sitting
Oh busy single where yes punches in oh
wow back again
this guy is most likely enjoying the new
house more than us
sheriff looking pretty well
kidneys guys I find a pine off the floor
I was picking up some litter industry
and then when I was picking it up I saw
this so you really did get rewarded this
will be my Lucky Penny ah such a nice
day the sky is so cool
the dogs are the best getting your teeth
cleaned
chubby doesn't need as much as damo but
the beverly recommended for donald get
the clean because it'll tend to have a
lot of dental problems when shopping I
got some news because I left most of my
clothes in Hong Kong so I've been
wearing the same shirt off I don't know
if you guys noticed I don't need he
clothes this is this summer I thought
get some t-shirts get some shorts
how much - what's so weird cause in Hong
Kong if you need to get like soy sauce
so we can just find in any corner but no
I thought we're back in Northern Ireland
we have to like travel to come here and
Tim's like complaining with everything
and here is so expensive so ironic
couldn't Hong Kong all the Western stuff
was expensive
giving other stuff you know there's like
a bunch of stuff I came here to buy and
I can't buy it I guess Tim says this
cheap fruit again Hong Kong that means
have to wait like a whole month just so
I can get chicken harder spec the dogs
up from the net for their teeth to be
cleaned they have to be that under
anaesthesia cuz I'm cesium be filled
she looks so tired
all right I take this play kitchen since
he loves playing with knobs kitchen knob
- he seems a low flame with pots and
pans as well should've been enjoyed and
voila not too shabby
he even has like a little shelf for
utensils it has a clock just like my one
shelf with pepper salt washing liquid
Aparna this is called a Belfast sink I'm
not sure what makes a Belfast
it's got hob knob it's gone Arvind even
gonna drum stick in there is making me
hungry this is actually a present from a
very sweet subscriber in Singapore it's
actually Chubby's it's also got like a
little shelf as well I could use that
for storage I'm on fire today also
assemble this and this today yeah I'll
load this kind of fell apart today see I
told you next furniture sucks aside from
that my bedroom is almost complete you
like it got in a bigger size so when
he's older he could play with it what
are you cooking
oh you making a drumstick yes Isaac you
need to turn the oven on anyways we have
a pretty exciting day today it's quite
fortunate that I've been able to do
quite a few interviews for magazines and
newspapers and articles all over the
world but for the first time in like 7
or 8 years I did an interview for my
home time and Bauhaus were develop
hospital graph now this is the family
life Marvel is called at home with Lindy
sign so you see there's my family and
there's some pictures I'm gonna be you
guys some parts of this article but
first I want to thank Rachel not only
for watching my videos following me for
so long but just for being so sweet and
writing such a wonderful piece I really
love it not just because Elias but you
have a way of writing and it's just
lovely v-sign welcomes me into her home
with open arms while her tiny dogs
choppy and dumb oh yeah
feet are jump up a say hello never met
before but I feel as if I've known her
for years as you Lin deliver the biggest
moments are alive in Hong Kong and
Belfast superpartner Tim I've watched
her engagement
sweating first pregnancy journey and
I've seen her in hospital on the day she
gave birth to her son Isaac I've also
seen choppy and Omelas puppy and watch
them grow up to become pals
feel like I know all of Ireland eight
likes dislikes and what she follies most
in life I know so much about Lizzie
because I've been subscribed to our
YouTube channel for years watching her
videos since she began creating them
from her Bell Haas bedroom back in 2008
the nice personality is pretty endearing
Tia soft-spoken sweet and silly but her
wife will make her seem more mature than
a young woman of 29 her Boustany channel
is focused on beauty but she stands for
every kind of beauty inside an tight and
these little doses of happiness seems to
help her as much as they help others the
young mother has a thirst for learning
and inspiring it's easy to see why she
shares her so-called with a people life
online ready to go walk the dogs
are you waiting for what Isaac can hold
on okay you know Tommy she's he's
already holding like he huh
as I think he's in control
hi
you
