anyways look that I get from sink I got
how I got a paper cut I have to get some
new vests for Isaac act when I put them
in the wash I took them and I was like
wait these are tiny and I was
complaining to my mom that all you know
they definitely stronk in the wash and
then she read the label turns out that
this is for up to one month I should I
oh no worries you just use these for
your next one I was like oh yeah wait
what the wedding and we didn't get back
to late last night mama
- Isaac so I'm gonna go collect him and
then later we're gonna head off for my
sister's birthday brunch such a
beautiful days we are gonna be painting
our shed today are you taking nothing
haha
smell morning guys so it is 12 noon so I
dropped in my mother-in-law and Isaac to
the airport this morning they're off to
London for a few days
I was going to join them but then I've
got some work to do and there's no one
to look after their dogs while I do miss
them it's when you're gonna be for a few
days and I'm pretty sure I'm going to
enjoy the free time so is woody been a
couple hours and I managed to go running
I took a shower I bought the hives I did
the laundry it's gonna be a very
productive meeting this is actually my
sister's hamper she got for her birthday
but she actually left at my car and she
flies off the day so much stuff here and
I was like oh okay I guess I'll just
take this for you I had a great day
that's her is a like wow laughing
applause people like seeing what people
buy even for groceries so you guys are
in for a treat sorrows actually got
football today because I Kristin sitting
on top of this microwave and it's been
really bugging me a football was from
next and I also picked bees up and then
they're cute these like nice together
maybe maybe this will go in a bedroom I
don't know yet your night I had a chance
of bills our console table it's nice but
it's quite wash wood and I kind of
wanted to match the pine so I got some
varnish and we're gonna be painting this
to do very exciting very exciting think
I'm being sarcastic but I'm not I'm
actually really excited
anyways what did I get from sink I got I
kind of paper cut also
cucumber peppers onions sweet potatoes
egg pie could this possibly be
interesting pesto shock cement oh my god
baby leaf salad some salmon so it's a
banana date I cook it up look Betty
lemon messes some chives cuz you guys
know I love my eggs solid dressing baby
making myself a nice chicken salad I
realize I come in okay I been steadily
gaining weight it's not like really
obvious until a wedding a few days ago I
didn't get that great in photos my best
friend actually while I was pregnant
I'm like excuse me I know what I'm like
everyday eating this stuff and it's not
been good so I blame it on oh I've been
so busy looking after Isaac and
everything partly it is true I don't
feel like I have time to like prepare to
make food the way I've used to have all
the time but now that he's gone for a
few days hopefully that will make star
me to get in your routine so even when
it comes back I can keep it going and
lunch is served
I just made myself a chicken salad this
salad is so good I want to cry yes I
found it at dine mm-hmm
sorry if this has been Blake boring you
guys but yeah this is pretty much been
what I've been up to for the past two
weeks
oh it looks much better already
very therapeutic
I'm not sure if I'm doing this right I'm
just going for it
mmm looks a lot better and I'll choose
shabby voila I also painted that little
stepladder thing as we're all the same
color isn't it pretty
today has just been such a nice day
usually add a great time when the rest
of the family are here but it's been a
long time where I've been able to spend
like a whole day just doing my own thing
being able to cry and not have to worry
or have to be home for this time to make
lunch for this person or prepare this or
even if I'm cooking I don't have to wear
so much as oh but you know thinking you
doesn't want to have this or I can just
have whatever I want whenever I want hey
hey I think this is um Cassie's recipe
there oranges lemon and mint great way
to start your morning for breakfast I
have banana and egg pancakes
good morning actually it's like 2:00
p.m. I got this cardigan from pull and
bear few days ago and I know that I
think it just makes me really excited
for summer because I think this will
look nice just of a normal like this
underneath and just some shorts and some
sandals and you're good to go I quite
like this Navy jumpsuit as well I think
it's from Primark and it comes like with
a little necklace which is good for me
because you know I'm too lazy to
accessorize if you guys remember a
little while back I was in Singapore and
when I was in Singapore I did a huge
meet and greet so awesome getting this
to you guys but what really sucked was
because I was flying at a time I
stickiest fool a lot of you guys give me
like a bunch of your letters and gifts
and I couldn't bring it back getting
actually health stuff for me and post it
up back to me the only thing is you know
the snacks and stuff they kind of kept
it in Singapore so they post it but it
coud I'm so excited they actually posted
it back a little while ago but I wanted
to wait till a motel so I can look at
all this stuff I just want to apologize
beforehand because I'm pretty sure the
letters are probably separated from the
gifts but nonetheless I want to thank
you guys so so much from the bottom
my heart top of the box was this makeup
store by the packaging reminds me of um
Alexander McQueen this is a really
pretty highlight public packaging as
well
Wow I'm kind of in love with the color
already the brushes is packaged really
nicely their packaging is really nice a
blue eyeliner pencil pretty actually
from make up store thank you so much
guys I look forward to me trying IB saw
products cute little pink like it for
the beauty Linda Oh matches my furniture
in the background as well here we have a
little hoodie this will be nice and
comfy to wear at home again it matches
my furniture it's a little pom pom I'm
gonna use it actually Thank You Rachael
Rachael says she's been watching my
videos when she was 14 and now she's
almost 21 Wow that's an honor thank you
for just sticking thick in my mini oh I
feel so loved this one is oh please sure
this is so comfortable an adult coloring
book oh thank you Gene Tenace Kim read
these for not in it before I go to bed
I'll read them all over like a bit good
dreamcatcher wow it's really pretty
isn't like the cell colors kind of
tangle with a tempo right now but can
you guys see it took me and tumble we
have a box and inside in the Nutter box
Wow Oh
oh my goodness
oh this is just so crazy it looks like
there's so much thought into this I
wanna cry deal the girl together to me
the little heart I miss you guys
oh and here are your letters it's gonna
be oh it's gonna be a great night
reading this actually maybe I'll take me
more than one night to raise beef but
yay I bought this is something small
that I made for you I would be like it I
hope that you can use it to decorate
your new home
oh my cuteness thank you so much
Joycelyn this is beautiful
and a safe be strong and courageous do
not be afraid or discouraged for the
Lord your God is with you wherever you
go I absolutely love this this is going
in my living room I feel loved in
everything but I just
guys just spoil me like crazy take the
perfect selfie in the dark with this
detachable flash for your mobile phone
oh we've got sweeties is that you keep
little bit jumpy and humble have
something is what else and glasses so
this is actually really handy because I
need sunglasses for driving thank you so
much Amanda for the glasses and Oh looks
like so cute it's a glitter leaf and a
little oil fluffy fox more toys for the
doggies they framed this Thank You Chloe
for an eyeshadow stick so cool because
you guys save me your Instagram so I can
follow you guys as well
a rainbow bracelet a little Care Bear
it's so cute oh I think he likes it
we have another blanket fries ik Thank
You mini beauties Singapore oh yeah this
is like Christmas
bah boy
box are always useful facial massage it
in tea cleanser some tea some spice this
is what mean tea favorite no oh so cute
this is all just very nice I just don't
know what I've done to just deserve you
guys for you guys to just be so amazing
to me thank you everyone who came to see
me in the main grade and thank you
everybody who brought letters and
presents it's very head pickling for me
like I always say that ok it's great to
be nice it's just a huge pet pickle for
me hi someone can be so nice to me when
they probably haven't even met me before
or you know see me too many times so it
just just really really really really
means a lot it's just really hard for me
to understand why someone could be so
nice to me I really appreciate you guys
inviting me into your life but I'm just
more than some random person you watch
out line and I just I just really
appreciate it thank you so much guys I
want to start again I'm bragging but
gonna have the best of scribers just
really want to hug each and every single
one of you guys right now just like
myself over this
