Oh mixing what to really thing in five
minutes
yes we are it's - child babe my mother
raised me what is it refuses to go home
by the way the TV's not gonna go there
guys don't worry I think we're gonna put
the TV right here currently organizing
pictures like 700 photos see we have so
many photos this is everything from
newborn all the way up till 9:00 I
forgot a chubby Gila
I'm trying to arrange these and the way
I'm doing is I'm looking at how chubby
he was I believe he picked his chubby
nasai ran four to five months and he
started to good doing so that will be my
guideline all the time I dressed him up
like like a macho baby oh it looks like
a boiled egg and this one is off us
holding the 12-week scan i've even got
the photos of when i was pregnant so
this was four weeks and seven then more
bigger and bigger remember my pregnancy
vlogs
well i actually looked pretty good
pregnant oh oh this has to be the least
scary shark right there
you know moshus this is my face look at
that smile
yeah Isaac as a newborn slipping us the
bird such a amazing little boy and he
just makes us love every single day
McDonald's it's just gonna get a drink
but then I feel like if I'm here I feel
like I'm cheating on Ronald McDonald if
I don't get anything is they're
officially admitting it tomorrow I'm
gonna go to the supermarket and get sup
that makes the house more livable gary
lee Lunchables and no door not for Isaac
hunter for Tim he loves them
it's your lucky day
life is livable not just because it has
food not just because we got TV in
Internet but because has a big scary
cleaver this completes any Asian home
I'm here at Jenny's again but this time
with my little sister she's visiting
from London so today she's getting my
hair done by Christ it stings she has a
family night world had a great sleep
staying over it last night on the farm
late no you can see but it's also a
beautiful day today we are very blessed
to be part of her friend's wedding so
nice time to get ready I got ready and
fascism at a time it took me 10 minutes
to quickly do my makeup and also do my
hair I rush to do my hair and makeup and
I realize that I set my clock upstairs
when are too fast this dress is from
ASOS so I'm a see it cuts
open like this and then it's quite sheer
in a center part I mix me what out still
wanna do this
didn't approaching at the venue I the
field they go to your wedding as a guest
and not as a groomsman I think it's my
first in a while in a long time we're
here on the spot
Notah guys that did her wedding and you
there's no I was just thinking Tim he
cleans up well it's in a suit and then
you look down and see he's got Batman
socks on she beautiful home was one of
the birds is that is someone who's happy
for you
she makes me want to cry oh and with my
balls
the carbons head
Oh
we just wanted a bubble can it dries off
like it's okay we'll just it's very
likely it's like glue so everybody is
come on you guys are yeah thank you
weren't able to look at us of all our
cameras location of us volcanism so it's
like Disneyland for him oh my goodness -
you have a whole bowl oh we have one
bike babe is she saying like everybody
has really nice wedding selfies and then
our ones like table effect when you get
a big chunk of butter and melts into
distance
we were giving a card to tie on to the
tree and some just finds it odd that
someone left look so Versailles 1999
each
everybody's having Petric
your time dancing I think it's all
lightning feed music which makes it very
very hard to resist
balls cups one two three so he's not
well that one
well I'll murder him when he gets better
threes winning lism it was really fun
it's been a while since I just had so
much fun at a wedding so we actually
moved in at nighttime not last night but
the night before and I was so smooth and
then all of yesterday we spent at the
wedding and today I'm here I think I
spent so long like preparing it and
making it liveable and homey that you
know know that we're really living here
it just feels so natural like oh we
don't have this you know we've got
everything except for a toaster I'm a
big toast relation to Lisa and lucky
welcome to design Club Lisa you look
stunning I'm lucky you looked really
handsome
we totally need to fill out of ourselves
you know what a nineties music came on
like everybody went crazy everybody was
doing that know where you come from
cotton-eye Joe my sister and I were
fully doing this on the dance floor
you
