I'm here at the salon and I realized
that I should never have touched my hair
jenny is going to fix my hair so
hopefully by the end of today I will
look a lot better
the problem with my color I have Noi's
it really clashes to my skin tone and
actually the back is so pretty uneven so
happy boiling my all effort I spent
trying to lighten my verts and in the
end I was a mess while I'm waiting three
time to pass I'm just like reading like
a magazine so I'm on dr. Phil and so the
question is what is pagina feeding and
is it safe the journal seeding is a
practice of rubbing a baby born by
c-section which her mother's vagina lude
to try to this there and meditate
learn to be every day just washed my
hair it's crazy
looks a lot better
Bravo body bears porridge was too hot
then when Goldilocks at mummy bear's
porridge it was too cold the really
interesting Isaac is mummy bears
porridge is cold because mommy bear is a
one that those dishes also cooking those
two tours laundry she never really gets
a chance to eat you always have to feed
baby bear first pretty much rolling the
whole house so that's why her foots all
week old morning poll gee every time I
said goes to daycare the night following
like he ends up sleeping terribly I am
off to pick up my husband Tim he is
flying her Hong Kong so he's been away
for about two and a half weeks I'm sure
Isaac seen his daddy will cheer him up
okay mom hey where my Middle East
let's go go go go okay Isaac thank you
Oh looking good
I'm going down
my mother-in-law makes the best the bass
thumping so excited so this is my hair
really really really liked it guys
not often that I walk out of the salon
really liking my hair and Jimmy like it
was the first time I met her like we
were chatting as if we've known each
other for years
we're talking about our births and
everything I'm just so happy with what
she did to my hair like my hair was I'm
a mess guys it looks really bad
going back to what happened with my hair
I liked my hair color but I just had
roots so what I did was I tried to do
micro groups but then I couldn't see the
back and it was really patchy at the
back you not put another color on top of
it it was still tea light at the top and
she got in there I tried to fix it by
taking all the color off and putting a
new one in and it just made it look
worse more of a sort like a medium
blonde that wasn't really in color and I
really clash on my skin too because it
was so brassy and of course it was
patchy so what she did was she actually
darkened the top so it would be softer
and it means that when it does grow out
it would be more forgiving I believe you
call it Psalm Brown so it's like Umbra
but a softer Umbra and you can see me
and she cleansed it and really toned it
so it looks cooler complements my skin -
a lot better so I really really do like
my hair it's gonna be fun because it
means in the future if I want to color
in it I I can my Northern Ireland
friends if you're looking for a good
hair salon that's portable and someone
that's really passionate about hair then
um I just recommend Jenny I'm Jenny from
Planum I'm here at the new house um I'm
going to be filming today I kind of like
that to myself is just sitting right
there and the longer organize because I
can just grab stuff and put it back down
I took mom to look at the house for the
first time and the first thing she does
is with like a cloth I'd start cleaning
her why she's mommy
it's him trying to bribe Isaac so he has
favorite Nye that's too much beer you're
welcome okay good boy oh boy finish film
a tutorial I was on Instagram I love you
guys have been asking of what happened
wearing on my eyes the makeup forever
automatic what a perfect light on
eyeshadow in 119 especially if your eyes
are looking tired it will help to make
your eyes appear more white it just
gives your eyes a little pop of color
very subtly because it sparkle it helps
to make your eye whites appear whiter so
really love the chrome color and it
didn't it d12 I have something that I
want to talk to you guys okay I get your
opinion usually in Sundays there's more
cyclists and I'm all for cyclists I
think they're great because they're
environmentally friendly I think you
know people are great exercising lately
I've been seeing cyclists okay I'd say
that I'm driving in my lane and what
I've been experiencing is just a group
of cyclists and they're not cycling
behind each other they're all cycling
next to each other so it means that the
entire league is going very slowly and
little kids who have like a big amount
of cars behind okay another thing that I
don't understand was okay there was a
cycling laning that they weren't using
but my friend told me
cycling lanes tend to not be as smooth
as routes okay so that I can understand
and you know a lot of times cycling
lanes aren't always available
why would cyclists feel the need to
cycle next to each other not allowing
cars to you know bypass what is the deal
with that after I did the filming I got
a fish and chip and a sausage and I'm so
good so good afterwards I feel so guilty
and every time I eat something that I
knew I'm not supposed to really eat I
eat gum afterwards and I don't know why
it just makes me feel better almost as
if to me I'm lying to myself I'm I'm
eating that gum to remove any of that
evidence or I don't any trace of memory
itchy app I think it's too cool for us
