this cheese toastie machines like 20
years old but that must meat is really
good nothing excites me more than
breathing for my cheese toastie she's
beautiful whirring guys I was um I was
walking the dogs our usual daily long
walk and very often I would get like a
really bad pain on my last temple mmm
and it's like this pulsing sort of like
just discomfort but recently it's just
been getting quite people it's got to a
point where um like this side of my head
hurts so much that it affects my eye as
well when I walk I feel like you know I
by the stumble so I may actually have to
see a doctor because I don't think I've
seen it's like a doctor doctor like a GP
in like ten years and the stubborn type
that just usually tries to let it set
his path whole part of my I feel sore if
I were to press my brow bone it feels
like I've been punched in the eye so
I've been taking little fan to help it
I've been taking urine and migraines and
I hasn't been doing anything so I might
actually have to go to a doctor and see
if I have anything good for me or else
be altered we go on WebMD type in our
symptoms and wait for you know brain
tumor to turn up I think it's a sleep so
I'm going to be saying here and then
I'll be back tomorrow morning so I can
concentrate on working on a new video
and doing a voiceover very exciting I'm
gonna be taking a bath in my bathroom
for the very first ride my bath
companion has made himself nice and
comfortable has been a very productive
problem is I'm hungry and
in this high stairs no food my aunty
brought over some noodles you know do
noodles from the fire noodle challenge
so it's like do I want to stay hungry or
do I want to have a Burnie ass Burnie
apps it is oh my gosh thank you so I
just remember I took this on my mom's
house the other day or I would have had
to eat these maybe next time you get to
burn my butt's everything so happy
dude I brought the dogs with me the
other thing as I feel guilty because I
screwed your feed or he actually gets
jealous
even when I'm like picking up the dog
got my noodles and also a candle you
know the atmosphere
I'm still bummed up that I don't know
how I'm gonna do this voice uber
completely blocked this one isn't as bad
back in bed good morning guys
I was reading some of your comments on
Instagram last night a lot of people
were asking where I got my bed bed is
from DFS and I think it's called a
majestic it's very heavy and sturdy the
only problem is of course cuz a material
it might get dirty
really bleep the bed is so heavy that
one I tried to move it I actually like
hurt my wrist for like a couple weeks or
the furniture of the bedroom these are
from next and they look great and
everything but do not buy furniture from
next unless you're getting a sofa or
whatnot but you know don't get furniture
from next because your furniture you
have to assemble yourself Holly
isn't that great if I'm being really
honest I've been doing this exercise
everyday on my toes hip on the floor
other side slope and there really works
my tummy I have a girl holiday coming up
I thought I'm gonna tone up that area
and bam really been enjoying this book
don't sweat the small stuff shows you
how to stop letting the little things in
life driving crazy
basically there's 136 mini essays in
this book I know you think adored F
saying you're like oh but it's actually
very gentle light read and it's very
encouraging and inspiring but will buy
all the drab and stuff that comes in so
I'm going to read you guys Chapter seven
so it's to surrender to the fact that
life isn't fair I have the many mistakes
we all make is to feel sorry for
ourselves or for others singing that
life should be fair or that someday it
will be it's not and I won't be will
only make this mistake we tend to spend
a lot of time well owing and complaining
bye what's wrong with life one of the
nice things about surrendering to the
fact that life
fair that it keeps us from feeling sorry
for ourselves encouraging us to do the
very best we can with what we have we
know it's not live job to make
everything perfect it's our own
challenge surrendering this to the fact
keeps us feeling sorry for others
because we're reminded that everyone is
dealt with a different hand and everyone
has unique strengths and challenges the
next time you find yourself in a biden
justices of the world try reminding
yourself of this very basic fact you may
be surprised that i can nudge your
self-pity and into helpful action this
is my living room it's not quite done
yet we don't have a TV or a bookcase and
yet really sure that for this room i
wanted a very minimalistic look i didn't
want to have a lot of furniture so we've
got like quite a lot of space and the
style is to have a industrial style can
see it some wood with black steel which
gives it a very effortless um stylish
look but also looks pretty homey and
cozy when it's matched with some green
just bit a play-doh burger there's a Bop
oh there's a piece of lettuce a piece of
cheese and an actual burger I'm gonna
let go flop this on my nephew
it's in like five minutes
