while some we should hire you to do that
professionally you say your professional
cardboard box opener since she drunk so
well out of a shot glass I got a toy
teacup I like saying the word dirty cook
it's a dirty Cup I actually got one for
Isaac then but he didn't she could very
well but she's taking it very well and
it's good with the doily Cup because the
way it's slanted and makes feeding a lot
easier who's your best friends again
remember baiting is called a physically
happy happy happy
you can even say your I mean I think you
know now that's going to the doctor
today he's getting injections I mean are
you gonna kiss blah blah when she cries
later because it hurts you can just not
that better you promise oh dammit it was
cute you just did a pinky promise I
think we have to go in five minutes we
mm-hmm like you beep well I think it's
everything later but a chip a bit of
being yeah are you ready for injections
we can take it
little girl hair vaccinations yesterday
and she was totally fine happy slept
well they woke up this morning she has
fever she wasn't napping well today and
she just refuses to go to sleep he got
so angry drunk crying that she scratched
her own face tired second I put her
dying she screams like crazy and you
know normally she's a really good
speaker it'll easily go down for 11
hours but today she just hasn't been
nothing what I was trying to get a
little sleep oh my nephew Hannah open so
a little bit annoying here is open steps
running over st. Elias yo I love
sleeping this way I have been dealing
with insomnia as a way mine is here
tonight I'm wide awake rolling around
potential in a day I feel tired more I'm
gonna be getting my hair done just
refreshing the color because I feel like
it's still a bit on the pricey side I
feel like I need to redo it and actually
want to go a little bit shorter as well
before going to New York so excited for
Tabuk signing event quite last-minute so
I
and even in joints to you guys so
hopefully by the time I upload this vlog
it's already eight nights and everything
but I'm so so excited and I'm bringing a
family with me as well so being in New
York
Christmas period freaking awesome show
you something that just totally made my
day so Tim has been getting packages
sent and left for and Center because it
bought a bunch of like different gadgets
all the parcels has been for him but
today he was like oh this one's not for
me and I was like wait what once I saw
the box I was so excited a little back
story a long time ago lithology made
these came handmade charms just as a
gift for Tim and I and the back damage
from that she made was of Tim and I
following our dog and chubby and since
my way of Isaac olala
I actually contacted her myself I wanted
to make a custom earlier but it was so
kinda just like nope this one's on me
and so she sent in these adorable drums
but I just can't wait to show you guys
you guys are gonna die hi cute is this
this is the bubs family and we're all
taking a nap it's so beautiful even
though most leaping of the glasses
originally is supposed to be a keyring
but it came out a little bit bigger than
she expected so this is going to be an
ornament just so beautiful that I just
don't feel like I could even want to use
it she also included another one so let
me show you guys original one these are
the ones she made back then years ago it
was amazing Vince I can really see why
she has improved even more there's Tim
there's me and Lala
there's Isaac Dumbo and chubby I just I
can't they're just so cute oh I love the
Sun this is on my favorite cartoon so I
absolutely adore this so thank you so
much and if you guys are wondering where
it's from its from sentimental dollies
be sure to check her Instagram and
support thank you so much against your
heart for your gift
just completely maybe we're having hot
pot again Oh 30 that's right I see there
it's not dark there
thank you scare you with it
I wasn't scary was it and one more piece
might we had a B no and what do you do
the leftover food use it so you can make
noodle what do we have here we have fish
cakes sausages fish balls by the time
you want some
there's two types of people in this
world yeah well we have to blow it
you either love coriander or hate it I
think in some areas you guys call it
shell I'm true I could be wrong I don't
love it but I don't hate it so I don't
mind it I guess there's actually three
types of people and we can I smoothie
for lunch I'm part of my stash yeah but
these are the big ones
these are the vitamins all this guy
insists on showing you guys his gut his
gadgets he thinks we're all interested
which we are my my I wonder where our in
those boxes Timmy can you show us please
why don't you open them tell me your
reaction because I know what mine is
gonna be it's me same thing I don't know
what it is that good asshole point
benefits of an air fire perfect chips
that's a profit reheating machine as
opposed to a microwave yeah but look
those chips these are some nice chips
you'll see the use of this one day
making for Isaac happy still happy
smiley faces wedges any of them food
pretty much in purpose instead it's
eighty percent less oil it's number one
it's healthy its tasty and it's fast mmm
entire car dirty I was sitting with a
hold of auxin is I need to return it
while some we should hire you to do that
professionally you say your professional
cardboard box opener are you okay
are you okay just don't
as for holding your phone close enough
like so pretty step one you just watch
TV yes
what the I know I bulbs you'll see why
soon off the bridge
this lets you connect this to this where
you can speak harmony hub it makes you
use your smart phone to be able to do
stuff to this this is to help I switch
oels for you
they cost oh I just play game how much
would you pay for a box of 12
how much would your husband pay for a
box of 12 - yep thank you how you can do
it doesn't matter it's to quit but this
