I came into my grind as like what sick
fever then she came running with food
and medicine most importantly food of
course
gimme had the worst sleep ever
I don't know what was it Weissach but he
just kept crying when he was finally
sleeping it was 5:00 a.m. and he woke up
at 7:30 he's usually such a good sleeper
he'll go down a nine you'll see for at
least ten eleven arse
yesterday he just didn't sleep well
check the temperature of the room I
flipped this pillow I gave him some milk
I gave him some water
I get from Kyle Pole my change his
diaper did everything and nothing worked
t-80 I think that's the thing about kids
you pick them dine at 8:00 they'll wake
up at 7:00 you put them down at 9:00
they'll wake up at 7:00 you put them
down at midnight they'll wake up at 7:00
you couldn't sign at 5:00 a.m. they'll
wake up at 7:00 ah that's good I think I
got a call because last night was really
cold and you know the bed was a some
warm I kept getting out and getting back
in and I was getting right and they're
not getting back in little beginning
again Oh a buck is I know this is a memo
people say that you can't get sick from
the cold but the cold lower share immune
system so technically you can when I was
like driving I kept sneezing you know it
sometimes but sometimes you know every
time when you drive you don't want to
like shut your eyes but when you sneeze
at four just shut so I was like is it
weird that I make beef stew and then I
eat it with rice it goes really well
together
really besides I'm Chinese no rice no
life hi
just when he gets better he gets it
again per thing do you feel guilty
because he's fine for the whole week and
then he goes to daycare eight or nine
out of ten he'll ends up like just being
really fussy afterwards and then the
next day he'll be like really sick feel
like crap getting double vision like I
think I'm just emotional oh thank you
baby I think we need it more I think you
need it more today of the day we fix the
hair so as you guys know I put a darker
color I supposed to be like Brian and I
came out like dark brown and then yes I
even changed into one of my mum's like
old tops so I could do my hair the first
thing I do is to remove it so amazing a
haircolor remover I just removed all of
the color as you can see just to be safe
I'm going to switch all over my hair to
make sure it's a multi coat hopefully
before we put on our color feeling a lot
better by the way I think this morning I
was just slightly emotional this kind of
looks like will not fever diarrhea is
what diarrhea can do to you that's
anything about mood guys you can't trust
it you can wake up thinking all my life
is great my son is wonderful my husband
is great I love my job and then
something happens at a pinch in a crappy
mood that's something you question
everything and you're like life is so
hard
I'm start pitying yourself oh why is my
my son so money why is Tim not here me
to give it some time I actually always
confide in my little sister April he is
my little rock you guys are used to
seeing me being positive or at least
most of the time but my sister like
whatever I mean whenever I'm done or
frustrated she is the one that sees it
all I love my baby sister she's so sweet
fishes but I'm very sweet so since I'm
doing all over my head
it's a lot easier for me to do compare
it to the roots and I think is the first
time I was really brushing it because I
was rushing to collect Isaac from
daycare so this time I'm just taking my
time speaking out daycare we're thinking
of pulling Isaac I I mean the teachers
are wonderful he's adopting well but
really when he goes he picks up
something and you know I feel really
guilty so we just don't think it's worth
it
with the follies and I got all the tools
and accessories and the proper colors
it's the last time I'm gonna be using
box guys unless it's the Japanese ones i
toning my hair instance on the fact she
is gonna be taking care of him while I'm
back in my mom's house you my hair
amazing like how you can get married and
you can end up being a mother but when
you're back home home your mother or
even your grandmother still treats you
like a child I came into my grind as
like what sick then she came running
with food and medicine most importantly
food of course she didn't care what
medicine I was taking she like you have
to take this ever since I was young
whenever like I would get a sore tummy
she would make me take this mini
Maltesers mini Maltesers minimal teasers
my dad you guys really don't know much
about him and I'm only mentioning my dad
because I was mentioning my mama my
granny and you know I mentioned that
like growing up I never really had much
conversation with my dad and you know I
used to really get to me because you
know he would never wish me happy
birthday oh it's not really in his
nature to express how he feels I know he
does Lovelace there was a time when I
was really done and done their time when
I was like quite sick in hospital and
you know my dad was never like are you
okay Jeanne anything but I did know that
you know a long time later that during
that time my dad's a heart and pressure
went up a lot and he was struggling to
sleep I'm almost telling me and I was
like oh and said up but was he okay
and we wait again and we're done is
getting dorks when you can really tell
so true tomorrow so much effort to get
the same color and the cool thing is I
just put my almighty and
just gonna drive home like this ready to
go home miss Yusa gave up give me a big
bag of food she was like how many do you
won and I was like um three she doubled
it to be fair though I didn't know that
but my papa
well my papa okay I was reading your
comments on Instagram I won come and
really made me laugh you mentioned that
um when she's older she wants to have a
child she could dress up like an old man
and I was 100 cure to me that oh my
goodness I I totally do that Isaac being
raised by my carne bubs she dressed us
all and pretty hideous clothes you guys
know I adore her and you know it is no
problem but I think maybe it's because
she didn't really know much about
fashion when I was pregnant Isaac I was
buying Ali ski outfit and you know I had
this idea that he's gonna beat us this
nuts swag baby but like a mini Taeyang
so this look with the mini Taeyang to
you and then you turn into your parents
thank you oh I drop it you realize that
what's most important to you is that
your child comfortable not that he's
looking stylish as you can see he's
wearing the fleece pajama bottoms and
yeah
the let's all eat terrabyte oh you
always try to snuggle it with the dogs
so I guess I'm just like granny buzz oh
no he's crawling
