pure happiness enjoy hear that Toby
snoring oh sorry
the kids weren't occurring to Boulder he
was like putting him back inside the PO
perfect idea here's the clocks went
forward one our today and even what
wasn't too happy but losing one hours
sleep can see that I do love the day's
being longer I love when it's like six
seven o'clock and it's still bright
outside send another day it's time to
settle down it's the end of another day
it's time to buy the story and pick your
favorite teddy bear it's time to turn
the lights down and get comfy on a comfy
chair one of my favorite moments of the
day is when day is almost over well when
I tell almost over I mean like 9:00 p.m.
they call this time quiet time where
there's no TV or anything and we read
your Sookie come on kids let's go
when I say kids I really do mean kids
because like they come with me as well
where's the other one they're all so
small I always lose him and then he said
what Isaac and I are having a tea party
thank you
thank you no matter how busy you never
you never decline your child's cup of
tea even if it's like the hundred cups
he is asleep I really in the days when I
could just concentrate totally on being
a mommy I see it as Isaac and I can be
able to have quality time together today
Isaac is having minced chicken with
mushrooms until see oh I love for ages
and I come back when you see that I
won't even go on for seven minutes in my
knees I'm not even exaggerating but that
is high drama persisted on you look like
a little old grandpa oh my email I got
chewed gum baguette pizza why o come so
you're musically yeah I just took the
talks back from a long long
long walk Kayode oh my goodness you know
feeling me go outside and that's nice
and cold and then you come home under
your cheeks always feel extra smooth for
some reason why is that feels so smooth
maybe to do the increased blood
circulation maybe because of the
coldness which ends up the skin like
feeling firmer I don't know but I love
that feeling
even though 30 minutes of a full power
walk it's still good for you and the
dogs especially when the past week I've
been a little bummed out
um just switch some memories and stuff
remember that time I was walking my dogs
it was kind of like mmm they were
trailing me along they're like come on
boo me and I was like ooh and then this
time I would like trailing them on my
column guys whatever you're going
through that's making you angry a sad
disappointed or bitter understand that
in time it will all pass best way to get
over sadness or anger is to build
yourself you know a happy future and an
all good time it will soon fade these
feelings of anger and sadness
time will always be your friend dogs are
going to be groomed for the very first
time in Bella's not worried about you be
it's dumb why I'm worried about because
I don't really see poodles so like the
teddy bear clip here I don't even see
poodles in Northern Ireland that often
oh my gosh
so I'm in the new house I'm gonna be
doing my roots as you can see I I have
brutes they're bad but they're not that
bad but bad enough to really bug me
times I guess I really miss Oliver blue
color vibranium copper but he's thankful
wrong my goodness so I just tried to do
my roots and I don't think this was a
good idea because I completely did no
cure me that I wouldn't be able to see
anything so I just kind of went for it
please try to do your own routes get
somebody to do for you okay
don't be foolish like me oh my goodness
oh my goodness guys so for obvious
reasons I use my carbage cape to just
keep the heat in and I was blowing you a
blow dryer and then a guy not fit the
door and I thought my brother because
he's supposed to come to him here later
so I answer that and I was like well it
was the guy from Sky putting the child
oh my goodness oh my goodness oh my
goodness oh my goodness so I had to
dress him that number one this is not
fine normally like cuz I'm through my
hair and number two Eddie says Joe cuz I
was expecting my brother my dog is
telling me off
anyways let's let's move on I can't get
over it oh um here's my new lib I've yet
to set it up and I don't know I think
chubby looks the same after her haircut
I call us 28 points but at least she's
cleaned for some Oh Oh what are you
doing here by yourself
he looks guilty
I put through poop somewhere in here
guys but I did better than what I
thought
obviously you can't compare to Hong Kong
when they're used to like cutting
poodles to their you know teddy bear
shape but he's seen do i me my bin bike
walking around the house searching for
poop or pee where did damo pee
what do you know guys what do you know I
knew oh through the teeth go on okay I'm
not gonna hurt Oh
okay so so far it looks okay
hopefully it's even and not patchy oh I
see some light pieces oh I tried to
choose a color that's a similar to make
this thing here color because I do like
it but I have so much hair that it's
barely had enough to even cover my roots
and from the looks of it it's like it
looks like their roots is still really
liked I wouldn't say this is a success
because definitely lighter at the top
compared to the bottom under some like
patches as well but the good news is
it's not an emergency it's not as bad as
I thought it would be I think I'm gonna
have to do it again Kim in and I saw
this and I was like you better not been
flying on my according to Leon he
hovered it's hot as hover and fly the
same thing everywhere pretty sugar no
because you'd be out of here Leon please
stop rubbing my dog's Naboth
he's all cheered up again with his
teapot set IBAs cranky because i'm i
don't think you like mom but far why
guys every time he sees me Aiki go
sister too much much too much too much
