you guys have no idea Rock okay she
stopped doing this I really really need
to do my roots when I was coming back
from Hong Kong obviously it was
impossible for me to bring back all my
makeup I'm kind of have to narrow down a
lot so this is I don't know this is
scary or if this isn't like a lot to you
guys but this is probably 10% off my
makeup that I brought back from Hong
Kong I would say that these would be
like the products that I grab most often
last night my mom and Lo and I were
watching TV and the news came on and I
remember just rolling my eyes and I like
that my mom and I was like it's just so
depressing just kind of handle hearing
any more bad situations like time like
this I don't even want to turn on my TV
set something that really resonated with
me and when we look at the news a
different way and she said that you know
when you watch the news it's an
opportunity for you to pray for the
victims right there and even if the news
is broadcasting good news then you
should pray and thanking gratitude never
really thought about it that way because
usually when we hear bad news we just
get really bummed out and you know we
feel horrible about it but then it's
also an opportunity for us to pray I
know there are some you guys right there
and you guys don't pray and you know you
don't believe it does anything but to
those who do pray now we have an
opportunity when we watch the news
good morning guys I just had a really
great time filming in my my first time
especially because this wouldn't do
right here I don't even need to use my
ring light because it just has like
great light coming in damos made himself
comfortable I swear like dogs really
love sleeping on fleece but then like
who wouldn't I managed to sell on this
makeup look here so hopefully you guys
can watch out for that in my three
channel thank you so much for your
requests because I have just been so
stuck on ideas transferring the video
over to edit and so nice because of you
like I it looks like a painting but it's
just a vo OH
burp ooh tonight I am staying in the new
house because I need to work on a new
video and I don't want the voice-over to
wick days ago so tonight I'll be
spending the whole night working here
and the dogs are with me do you pick the
new bit who needs TV and an internet
connection when you have that's I pick
you can with a cook nice meals not oh
you got a bigger kitchen this is what
thummell looks like after having a ball
bow in his hair I tied it up cuz it's
always getting in his eyes and his
haircuts not till next week you can do
it Isaac
ritika ritika mommy can see be every
time see high five
yeah just walking the dogs mmm
I guess he likes that's the Kubrick
guess the best hugs
no you said well I'm editing my side of
it what you want a yo I know if we are
going to take the kids to playful funky
monkey tires joining us because we all
know Kai is a big child on the inside
perfect baby I'm perfect
the irony right now it's always a good
time are you gonna harmonize everything
airfare
what do you call a dog magician magician
hi elderly but with a la bracket
operator oh yes specify the breed
the children here terrified and nervous
are you ready for this
rather the dead
to the big balls we go okay I'm not
fighting on big balls this guy was all
your energy girl from what are you a
rapist
