you asked for it okay see what we have
an offer here this looks nice Tim huh
tis fun in Mexico now it's my turn
hello see mines in all your
clippings gonna go all over my car he
always bring a shaver my boy Tim says he
never gets this foot a lot of times when
I yawn I get this burning feeling in my
news you know like the feeling you get
if you were to eat wasabi please tell me
I'm not the only one who gets it give
you only one it's like a punishment for
yawning you gotta love these and you
wake up and you just whip on some
clothes and go cuz today it's my turn to
have fun and have Heidi yeah what's out
of wood all ahead and stuff I've ever
been G have always been really civil and
relaxing like spas where as for him when
he goes on his stag holidays they've all
been like nuts what
I love me something I need this to me
this is an Isaac KITT offices coming on
well I've got the table here
Tim Prez office so far he has this body
is going back to Hong Kong or trimmings
let's do these is too big supply you
gonna miss daddy you gotta do this okay
hey guys and girl last night when I was
at the Hindus Tim said how many bills I
say price is actually more or less ready
to move in but since Tim to go in Hong
Kong good wittle' Tim comes back before
we really have a moving day and I really
means the house will be really ready
when we move in like it have this sort
of cube effect here yep don't have a lot
in here yet I'll slowly work on this
good morning guys um so Tim should be
arriving to Hong Kong very soon and then
it'll be another two weeks until I see
him especially this year
Tim had to fly it back and work to sort
all the stuff that we left behind so two
weeks in comparison to like four or five
weeks is I guess nothing I think the
perks of marriage is definitely being
able to see each other every day but you
know now that he's away it really gives
us a chance to miss each other it makes
it really special
and besides next time I feed him we're
going to be in Paris in Santorini
renewing our vows are you helping mommy
okay let's sit together good thank you
good boy
okay thank you my happy little helper
guess who's here
look I think look I forgot you you never
have let me go man isn't what jab a bat
girl that wasn't for you what a few
moments since I want the accents on my
office to be copper I'm gonna be
spraying this pin holder and these knobs
from the IKEA daybed with this copper
spray paint I think it looks pretty well
you know how I like copper stuff is so
expensive we monsters coming
we put a blanket over to play - told
them at nighttime they've been inside
for ages hmm think it looks pretty good
with copper knobs the theme of this
office is a coarse copper and white and
hopefully we'll have cream and baby pink
as well
oh she's something to see like I think
my spray is more bronze than the copper
but it's okay
mattress all right des I just feel like
extra buns these days and you know like
not even recently with the arm going
just tragic things up and happening
around the globe sometimes you know you
think okay I'll be nice to go and
Facebook to just see what your friends
and your family are up to but then
there's always people who feel they need
to share some really sick gruesome
videos that you know isn't necessary to
share I never ever ever click on it but
usually shows like the screenshot and I
really wonder why it's one thing to
spread awareness and to educate and then
it's another thing to share something
that completely isn't necessary
and you know it's once you ruin someone
else's day it's really bummed annoyed so
why so I think that's me off Facebook
for a while again our dining table came
in today through a chunky rustic table
as you can see I feel like my kitchen is
finally complete look at this monster
multitasking at its best what is this
no your prostates a quick guide job
Isaac not the question is where did he
get this I think yesterday he had a
blast at his cousin's place I was so
weird cuz my nephew he's like three and
he voluntarily asked me to be the the
ghost of the house you know they were
inside the play house and I was the
ghost and I was trying to grab them
through the window that I saw is really
messed up but it was exactly what they
wanted kids
what am I missing
sky really Isaac
really hmm okay good boy you asked for
it
