what did I just watch today taking a
break from home stuff and that's we're
gonna hope because I've been like using
my hands so much my nails kept just
breaking one of the feelings I can't
sign is when my nails are long and then
one of them ends up being like really
really short it's just so comfortable
okay what's worse than that one there's
two of them to save myself from all the
grief I just decided to cut them all off
instead uh really sucks cuz you feel so
proud of yourself for having those long
strong nails and suddenly need to get
rid of it had this mental image on my
nails cooing no I promise I promise I
will break please huge voluntarily put
on his cutting slippers they're cute
I had Dora pull Leah granny Bub's got
from the supermarket
on another note check out her awesome
perm and then you guys I drove over like
a lot of the stuff that I kind of
accumulated for a new home as you can
see there's more over there as well so
what do we have here we have pillows
bedsheets throws wine glasses rice
cooker dish set some utility a whole
bunch of stuff much better with cushions
I really admire people who have fresh
flowers in her house that's when you
know they have it all together but for
me yeah it has to be like sell flowers
but they look and feel so real guess
he's back from the stacking dead on I
was it the Jeep behaved well parney
we're going to see some epic footage
yeah it's Kim free rock wall gobball
Austin official beer-drinking new
dancing heart parting mug mm ladies I
have arrived
this is what perfection looks like
hey very nice hi nice to eat you
Oh even the dog be put a bite that thing
I asked before he left
oh yeah when I come as a fragrance I
never buy it in stores why when you can
get it Julie free really I figured I'll
be womanly that womanly I'll be womanly
I'll be feminine I think someone likes
the shark even those lilica I'm gonna
take Isaac to dr. B for hello and on and
off for a week and it's actually like 40
degrees Celsius so well today
got more couple whole cold pro fan
antibiotics you know how much this guy
likes IKEA
Oh
I think he likes that pig he's been
holding it for like a while nothing room
sofa is here yeah they say they don't
assemble for us he's going in do you
know what if you slash my sofa yes what
she feeling I have carpets not a quickly
show you the ensuite here it is the
theme was more off on something that
looks very haute le furniture still yet
to be assembled in rooms this is the
main bathroom so we have a tub toilet
shower sink as you do in a bathroom and
inside here you just have like a little
like hot press room to put your towels
and your toilet roll and stuff Isaac's
room is still in the progress as you can
see and this up here assembling this is
the bathroom for our offices hello I
decided that instead of getting a sofa I
realized that ok the house has a lot of
sofas so what would be handy is to have
a daybed so it means that if we have any
gap it can instantly I can instantly
look into a king-size bed
funny with IKEA furniture you fill it
like a table and it makes you feel that
you can build everything and that's the
really hard day's work finally finish
this will finishing this daybed just
need to get the yummy pull this in baby
monitors we did mine even lose what do
you do why are you thinking it apart
so just stick to mcleaney for because
anymore busy
it's a far cons here's a life lesson
guys it's not about your start
it's about your finish there's something
every day guys this is called an allen
key a key names after Allen another late
night by high C tomorrow oh I need I
need this
oh my oh my
what the
oh my goodness
what did I just watch
