we have discovered that Isaac is a
jealous baby
ah
Oh
test number two love is for sharing
hello my name is Isaac nice to meet you
my turn exactly what you need is a
bottle of it's our choice of this remark
okay that's good there with the
struggles with a pebble look at this
type of treatment if only adults have
this the soil
we're finally saying goodbye to the
classic Isaac grandpa hair kind of
misses his grandpa hair but he looks a
lot better I have to say get the little
balloon as well and a lollipop are you
ready to go I think I think a scary trip
hi Mac just another little you're
helping my niece in her little one his
feet get cold
yes master oh dear mama needs to go
finish okay microphone hmm
you leave sit next to you next to you
okay
they also tell me air maybe some warm
water medieval Metro you're keeping him
company should get used to this we
literally left the room for not even one
minute
good morning everybody today we have
another busy day so crazy
so the goudi says um our titles are all
Ignaz fever getting carpet and our
appliances are going in as well really
busy day today we have people doing a
carpet on the floor is a mess it is off
to sack of the week we get the house is
crazy today and my favorite piece of
furniture in the house is here the
fridge our l-shape a sofa is coming in
as well at the backsplash and the
kitchen we're getting our appliances at
the under layer on already before they
put in the carpet I wish Tim was here
and he's not in the thank you cuz he's
missing all this looks pretty good so
far it's an adorable dog hi jack
so Jack Russell call Jack you said Nick
Halden Jack cause if you think of a
knitting lot of sweeping vacuuming and
dusty you see all four because as you
can see we now have a flashback we have
a stove we have a fridge yes washing
machine drying machine is in and one of
the sofas came in as you can see our
tiles are done and it looks just like
wood we don't have any doors yet they
have to take the doors off to do the
floor so we'll get that sort of Monday
Monday I'll be able to show you upstairs
the bathrooms and everything as well
slowly but surely we are getting the
before I leave guys here me ice so the
perfect guys were here doing the carpet
obviously as you guys know he has a
doula call Jack and he was telling me
that he brings his dog with him to jobs
and stuff and as I was popping the floor
I thought of something around him not it
I have something to say to you he is
like what I was like your dog makes a
good carpet virtually I was in absolute
stitches I was like absolutely pissing
myself proud of the little pond I made
and he was like I was just so angry and
so bummed I because I thought it was so
smart you know one of those few moments
where he'd go and explain the joke ah
back home well and my mommy in law's I'm
gonna really miss living with her I hear
a lot of stories where a lot of people
to get on with their mother-in-law's but
we're like best buddies it's just been
such a great day today with so many
people coming in so bummed out that like
I'm so bummed I though how could you not
laugh on my carpet pun
