I think therefore you than they look
Viki yeah don't mind the laundry I'm
just gonna throw right here so let's hmm
who cares who doesn't have a little bit
of messy pantry in your life us we kept
in a little crazy as you guys know we've
been sick this time it was a flu so
really lingered and the whole family got
sick my question to all the meals in
your life whether it's a brother friend
boyfriend husband father whatever from
your experience do they seem to have a
harder time guys day is a date we get
our house keys and also today that we
get in your car we're not the house is
still really really cold and the tiles
are coming today so maybe we'll be
standing by inside a lot and it's
freezing outside so um it's best if
Isaac stays home was really hoping to
get the keys together because that would
be really exciting but since Isaac is
not well it's best he stays home so I'm
here looking after him today
we're getting the car this guy's not
happy had a fault
you see Tim trying to calm Isaac died so
why you see is them walking up and down
oh wait wait wait
I told you every time he sees me he just
cried
so oh your Mon yo yeah I'll Borden's
nothing more seriously that not Tim's
gonna love it
so cute Tim's off to distract Isaac Oh
slow work it's just not in a good mood
today because he is the father you do a
little surfing
the project guys didn't fight my wife
man Oh No thank you so much
I always think it's really cool when you
get a car to give you flowers
oh this is heavy come to mama little
welcome
let's go in quick hmm let's get a drink
I'm prettier mm babe how can we can't do
anything in this house well right now as
you can see the flooring isn't done yet
because the flooring isn't done our
fences aren't in yet but Sanok we're not
gonna stargaze but what you're not gonna
it was gonna take three weeks ha you
know what you can never decide
use all the space in your corner
companies this is way for you weed when
I see her oh dear he's already started
and it begins a hernia they say it's a
good sign when a baby smiles and like
laughs a lot inside of the house I think
he's just really curious do you like
your new home
I have this thing where you know like
circles all bunches up a kind of freaks
me right does it freaky right Ricky like
lots of circles bunched up together
rocks look like Rio oh I'm here oh look
with my heart my brother
my turn drag a burger burger
my brother has invented a game where we
tried to make some noises open
administration Ricky requested a
dolphin's menstruating how would that go
like let me give you one mmm an excited
baby laughs yeah that's pretty good okay
you're on
it's off a Turkey's turkey so want to
learn stop it against your face a baby
piglet and running away from someone
trying to catch it no no more of the one
damn Bella's good and they try to make
me the impersonation of mom breathless
on a treadmill that's disgusting okay
you don't wanna fall over ruin do me hey
I'm puts Beauty first you got to put on
some makeup
and enhance you enhance car getting
birth
Juna personation of tim doing a person a
Chanel snoop dogg yo what up its Snoop
Dogg yet mr. Kim Kardashian I feel I
feel like you've been with me a nice sex
so bad energy Tanya we're yeah what's
the og I am your og Beyonce had the best
record of all turn a whole time I can't
do it love at first sight Rikki's me the
first time I think they like each other
really Donald really close for Isaac so
we have this very cool person pleaser we
have a check shirt here he actually
mm-hmm I think they're for you than they
look 50 Thank You Jessie and James I
don't know it just james team rocket
blast off at the speed of light
surrender now or prepare to fight meowth
that's right and I'm not really sure
what this is
