well I'm gonna head home because I just
like I said I'm on my wallet so I don't
really like you know using other
people's money so I'm just gonna get
home oh yes thanks I need money to go
home uh chili hills are alive with the
sound of music would have been a lot
more glamorous if I wasn't holding a bag
of dog poo
morning everybody sneaking the dog side
for a usual brisk morning walk oh there
it is
he just went that dog is so full of
egregious watching him from afar you'd
think he's a rabbit look like a rabbit
he has a thing about like when I walk
right imagine seeing someone walk all
right and their dog constantly circles
them as they're walking
so always a great day to start off your
day when you're walking your dogs it was
so cute
the dogs are playing with this little
Corgi I think it's really cool around
the world no matter what like donkeys
can just communicate
unless there's actually like a I don't
know I wonder like barks have different
accents so chubby no more they would
have liked English you know how you do
and in like the Corgi here would be like
welcome to more an argument what's the
craic to lucky day he gets a play with
knobs
that's what actually nevermind really
heartbroken guys this guy he fell
yesterday and chipped tooth job
ticketing is it going to essentially
come off anyway
say something interesting muttering what
say something interesting say that I
smelled in these fingers oh yeah I was
changing heizak vapor and I had some
leftover not like smell my fingers you
can't believe you fell for these baby
wipes but never really completely gets
rid of its ownership smelling it
it reminds me of Isaac though change oh
he should do that one is to go to bed
right good night Irene is an estimate I
bring it was I guess why were we sharing
a bit
I was home we were in Hong Kong oh we
were in Hong Kong
so that was like we don't fill share a
bit anybody still annoying like -
is comedy to me I'm sorry yeah I'll be
Peggy install it was the mood moving
deal oh yeah
okay let's take him nobody move and
nobody talked about me always belt am i
winning yeah rub my eyes I get pinkeye
girl I just realized I forgot to bring
my wallet I left my baby bag when I said
I'll pay for my brother and Benny my
brother start ordered my crazy Thank You
skate
they're so weird he's eating his sushi
like a burger we're gonna go watch a
movie you know and they won't let me
share their popcorn because of my finger
seem they live in water
Angelia I'm gonna head home because I
just like I said I'm on my wallet so I
don't really like you know using other
people's money so I'm just gonna get
home oh yes thanks I need money to go
home uh chili why do you look like
Michael McIntyre lik so pissed
yeah eyebrows for threaded your boys
what are you doing
excuse you I've been getting this like
throbbing pain and my left temple um
because of the sinuses and it's been
going on for like a week morning
everybody
Oh actually it's like 3 p.m. past few
days has been a little crazy within
maybe just a little a little stressed
out by getting all the finances sorted I
think we have popped through all the
little coups
so we should be getting the highs
tomorrow currently I'm just waiting for
my brother to finish walking your dogs
and then we're gonna head over lunch
let's have a
and little brother are what's it like
growing up with three sisters
okay my responses us that's amazing
okay Ricky we all know who the favorite
sister is I'm just kidding
he loves all this is there's equally
yeah
let me know
the kitchen
they get to it
we know
what you like level of 812 there's pros
and cons because the hey was like the
apple of Roman gods eye and they
worshipped him whenever like we did
something we should just blame him like
the time my sister broke the toilet and
he got blamed he didn't even know right
see we just used a Rickey card and
downside is he was this little brat like
a wave of everything
I think don't fall for it don't fall
over it I knew what happened I think
you're so weak do my dear eat it
yourself please guys like what guys boy
you
