I feel great doing this every time
because what guys so the dogs are home
light how happy are you nothing the
space to bring anything back from Hong
Kong so sudden neighbor buying stuff has
to be bought on your dog so what have
you bought honey do you wonder the
hamster
these are Roberts mmm Oh
distracted keep joining under Thames
parents rules the dogs are allowed to
stay here but they're not alive to go
upstairs and we want to respect that
after days traveling and actually they
were held an extra 24 hours longer than
I should've
they must have been quite nervous
Donnell kept crying and scratching new
doors and we didn't want it to look
Isaac so I slept here in the living room
with them I don't know when what point
in life where you rely on a cup of tea
to depend whether your date is going to
start off well or not but speaking of
cup I was doing the dishes this morning
and Tim comes over RoboCup I neither
good and that's okay that's my cup
thanks and I went to wash and use it it
was like oh yeah I would really wash
that because all my friends in there
I've been waiting for this day for many
many years you know how I mention that
one day they can roam free as much grass
as they like oh look at him go making
friends already
it makes me so happy
you have no idea guys I promised them
this are so long that's what it's all
about doggies did you guys have fun it's
gonna be like this every day you know I
don't know if it's cool for them because
they're used to Hong Kong whether it's
freezing do you think they need jackets
the entire aside from the dogs but um
Jim Isaac and I are sick the one funny I
think it's sick but he's been quite
cured he doesn't really know that he's
sick him on the other hand was the whole
world to know that he's sick the poor
thing cuz I he don't get sick very often
but when he does man currently just
defrosting some ribs so I can become
some kanji have a feeling the dogs
really going to enjoy being here I think
they're really tired I want to share a
little something with you guys it just
happened so in his neighborhood and we
have a neighbor here and um he made a
mistake in the past so he's um he's been
in jail before and I'm not gonna tell
you guys what the crime is but the thing
is I've always still felt a little weary
living so close to this neighbor
we just there's someone knocked the door
and I was like oh he's and I noticed it
was that neighbor and I went an
uncertain door and I was like what was
everything okay and he was holding this
and he was like oh I noticed this is
Hong Kong dollars so he must have
dropped this when you went by so he
returned me the money and then he left
so I just want to put it right there as
a reminder sometimes people make
mistakes that doesn't mean they're bad
people it just means they're human I
think it's so easy for people to just
have a bad impression of someone or to
judge them just because of something
that's done before I've made plenty and
plenty of mistakes in the past and
what's important is we learn from it
with today Tim and I we were supposed to
go out and do some shopping because we
realized there was a bunch of stuff we
need you to get but since he's not well
I'm he's dressing upstairs and I'm doing
your shopping online
I just got stuff like mop toasters and
you know this stuff
get me that we really need to buy those
things cuz yesterday my sister and I it
was cold so we went into like an Argus
just to get some heat and my sister was
just browsing the Argos catalog and she
was like so have you got your toaster
here and I was like no cattle no
microwave no vacuum no after point where
she just decided to start from the
beginning of the catalog which is like
okay let's make a list of things that
you need to buy hi everyone we went next
door which is actually cold next I
pointed out this little flower
decoration oh I got that so she was like
you bought Laura for your house but you
don't have all the other stuff chilo has
been so easy to buff some o is a
different story
there must be gross of all a cabin on
them get your clean
he knows that he's next
tim has a very important job as you can
see no one will be there to hold my
polish what's that supposed to be you
sure you wanna do that I don't have a
lot of time to walking my nails like so
um I'm just using my piano and be
original and it's actually a nail
strengthener so if you would invite
Lauren this is every time been getting
pretty bad sinuses lately coach I'm so
like congested up here not even like if
I would have been don't pick something
up right away like this side of my face
hurts so much today is Sunday and we're
going to be taking the dogs are too
pathetic for a huge doggie date you guys
will see I think I'm going to have
noodles today wait no I'm not actually I
guess I am
I've only won it because I love these
smoked pork
these taste so good and I'm searching
high and low for these I managed to buy
these yesterday and a grocery store
and I was like yo sis where are those
big fat sausages that you love and she
was like like what some brought back
from Hong Kong I feel great doing this
every time because look guys that's
perfectly fine up the big sausages like
mush kinesiologist I like it small look
at the girth I'm in this one the word
girth it's not very pretty
give me another ugly word okay just said
a bad word or bad words are ugly phlegm
moist
diarrhea pick crime lime slime
your code is so cute I feel like she
likes a million dollars this is Sookie
this is Kimo da Mousa
chippy they told you she's anti-social
so this one is tough and as you can see
Teemu is very very fond of him
even though toast is like mother
they have lots of doggies here
