so tonight I was like go pick up it's
your mom and he goes how do you know
it's my mom and all that quiz it and
then you look at this one here like hey
L called you exactly have a stressful
day two days so a little bit of kitchen
therapy is a must resume with Black
Friday yesterday there was some sort of
offer on Haiti and basically it was like
three months free I'm going to take
advantage of the free trial then Council
and I am keeping up with the kardashians
the speaking of Christians actually made
me remember I put a dream I had last
night like Kim Kardashian I were hanging
right and we were just friends and I was
actually a pretty cool tree and then
ever cooked and it's so weird cause like
when I'm watching this show I'm like
feels like I know her it feels like we
have a bond it feels like we're buddies
if I ever meet Kim Kardashian I ever
might I've time I felt like I would say
don't you remember me your buddy we were
together in a dream have you guys ever
had that with celebrities where it's
just you to get between them and it
feels like you really know them or
someone that you're not that close to
you but you have a dream of them and
some may feels like you guys have
something we have a fit subscription
service and it keeps giving us broccoli
as something to use okay and it's not
that broccoli isn't great didn't Haas
forbade me from eating it because it's a
very got the vegetable call me crazy but
it even looks like a fart like you know
food know how when you draw cartoon
apart you draw the lines and then it's
sort of like little squigglies as a
heart ballistic apart it really does
mmm-hmm we'd never eaten ice cream
straight out of the tub did you even
look it's my little turkey girl I called
this her turkey sleeping suit I don't
know something about it is very feather
chick Denis Isaac has a mock jump area
where it looks like it's got a green
shirt inside so this guy goes and buys a
separate burgundy jumper and also a
shirt well maybe not 16 maybe university
student I have some Berkeley today by
the way
I'm potatoes do we match we don't waste
some of the broccoli and it looks like
it's okay to give them a little bit can
I give my dog calm no really
oh gosh I hope they don't get to see him
gosh
Oh Thor class is already bad enough
isn't it here we go
I'm so happy
sure it gets a bit messy but no crying
she's happy she gets fed plea forgot I
have these sort of like sweater dresses
yeah happy I got some clothes to wear
for new or completely forgot I have this
hey Kitty girl she hasn't been nothing
very well these days I think she's just
wants to stay up and just party lucky
dude oh babe Alexa play I off the tiger
so are you saying in high
dude dude dude are unique in mood hello
isn't a good mood phone babe I was like
go pick up it's your mom honey goes how
do you know it's my mom and all the quiz
it and then you look at this one here
like hey L coffee
exactly anyway yeah I'm always a Nick
Kidman honey defying OTT did you buy a
bunch of gadgets that nobody needs again
what kind of stuff what stuff
it was here so with the stuff we need or
stuff you want honey
hmm like like
you're joking right
you bought clapping bulbs so confused
like I'll be home
the dogs like to play a game with me
everyday it's fine to slipper I took
like to play a game with me everyday
it's the are you doing me game but it's
okay
a messy house is a fun house you're
getting better are you feeling okay
today funniest thing ever get anyways it
was funnier when he accidentally dropped
oh no you saw Toby I am so impressed
this guy came up to me I think money and
choices and everything wrong cuz usually
I wait for him sounds like um did you
like your bubble yeah and he goes
already so I followed him in here
everything looks faultless already sits
in here okay and then you take this off
and he emptied it out he didn't wash
this which I did afterwards but so
impressive because he flushed and
everything and then he worked his Obama
put his pants back
okay yeah because mommy and Patty's
Isaac is the best food in the whole wide
world mr. best boy gonna go sleeping now
mmm good night Isaac I love you
you
