I'm here so I can wipe your nose come
here salty news was runny as you guys
can see and I kind of went down here and
then it was over his wife and I saw him
like grab his toes to go back
okay night no extra additional flavors
you guys ever get like these really
really really realistic dreams well on
the thirteen foot that very I had this
really realistic treatment okay it was
so real and I dreamt that Tim was
putting Sun cream on not one but two
women and he had a smug smiley little
face and in my dream I was like furious
I didn't because he was applying it in
private areas mm-hmm I got to the point
in a dream where I was really mad and I
was like what are you doing and then I
thought woman I woke up when I woke up
Tim was just getting ready to go to bed
so he was right in front of me and he
was like happy Valentine's Day be clash
at the moment because I was looking at
Rosie from my dream so um I was just
like yeah thirty day he'd be doing his
own thing and he'd have no idea and I'd
be looking at him and smiling cuz he's
taking care of Isaac or he's doing
something you know helpful but at the
same time I would be like the
Valentine's Day guy gifts kind of
backfired but it's really not about the
gifts anyway I thought we should keep
school work but remember in Christmas I
got him a Playstation 4 and it was
really cute but he wrote me these little
these little checks I still help them
isaac morning shift
Isaac code Brown situation
Isak evening shift to me the most
precious thing will always just feed a
card I know a lot of times the card is
something you put away or something he
read quickly before you open the present
but a card is just absolutely priceless
thank you salty
we're just wiping on my shoulder it's
okay mommy don't mind I'm channeling my
inner Connick like a jumpsuit I got in
Elizabeth anyways I want to show you
guys a little something a few days ago I
got a surprise package from personal
potter.com it was such a nice surprise
thank you guys so much for such a
thoughtful little gift I loved it
maybe my makeup has been so simple I've
been literally doing the girl next door
look I love today I'm just wearing like
a different of color but everything else
is the same you know you watch too much
mother Goose club when you can do this
you know the other day I think posted on
Instagram accidentally
he made it tweet and you guys are like
yep I bet it's Isaac good morning
breakfast today we have chocolate Swiss
roll and tea we didn't get to eat this
first roll on the pollen I've taken we
were like so full from the cheek or
steal so instead of breakfast
speaking of tea I know someone okay I'm
not gonna mention it okay because he's
really embarrassed about this okay what
he makes tea no tea bags after he uses
it she actually rinses them in cold
water because he thinks they're burning
and they're in pain
the combination of cake and tea together
is so perfect a question that people ask
quite a lot and his bubs why are you
guys renewing your voice after only two
years so I like fun they're not here
it's not something Tim and I thought
about doing honestly but when we were
asked about it it was kind of like oh
it's our chance to be bride and groom
again no he here by people who knew
nervous after five 10 20 years and it
must be amazing that honestly at the end
of the day is just all about expressing
your love tonight weight is such a such
a wonderful wedding and we always think
back it's just how amazing it was on our
wedding day and of course this is going
to be nothing like it but you know since
we're giving the opportunity dat post
wedding photo shoot in Europe we thought
why not renew our guys again it's gonna
be so special we really don't care what
people think we shooter
shouldn't be doing or really really
excited about that we are doing it
solely for ourselves nothing wrong with
any romantic and for those who are
wondering we're not being paid to do
this we're grateful enough that this is
going to be a sponsored trip so
someone's gonna be with us and they're
gonna be taking photos all I ask is for
us to share the photos that they're
gonna be taking and we're more than
happy to do that you know yesterday I
was telling you guys that like right
before fountain say I dreamt that Tim
was putting some cream on three ladies
well last night I had an even more
interesting dream I was actually
drifting in and out of it and well I
dreamt we were getting burgled
and in my dream I think and I was like
like take anything just don't hurt my
son and leave but I kept waking up and
then going back to sleep waking him
going out like the sleep so I kept
returning back to my dream so I got that
point I knew I was dreaming so I think
it's called lucid dreaming so I was like
screw you you cut anything the burglar
was just beating me up in my dream
because I was like cutting anything and
I didn't feel anything I don't like yeah
honestly I think it's all the chocolate
I've been eating mesons by giving me the
crazy crazy dream every time I eat a lot
of sugar I get crazy dreams because your
fault because I go for Valentine's Day
and I feel like
/ sense of it I know I'm also quite bad
I was driving seven stats mini as you
guys know but my insurance for that car
inspired so I will be driving until we
get the new car you see homeboy where
she hold o the new cars medica Arnold
yes so we're gonna be getting Arnold's
and of the mushrooms we're here to pay
some more of the car and is so funny
because the car that Isaac actually ran
towards see and start stroking is the
car that we're gonna get I felt like a
crazy woman because you know sometimes
you put your hair and the like a top
ponytail and you're at your head hurt
and then the bull when you release it
it's like picking out hair actually this
morning I was brushing my hair and my
cool my hair sticking my hair together
and that all basically comes from
Isaac's news so there's pretty much like
stuck all over in my hair and my
shoulders I had like dried up foger on
it yeah booger cream I'm loving my snot
free hair Tim so funny like like what
every single meal that we have he needs
to have grated cheese
