wait what oh I mean throw your dirty
diaper away good boy her little thing
here bye kids getting sick when they go
to daycare and no joke guys on a second
day he feels sick it's just a little
common cold that a good news is I mean
that when he's older he won't get sick
as often
well my stuff is always dirty happy on
this very special / commercial day I
hope you guys enjoy like all the other
days of the year whether you're spending
it by yourself with your friends your
loved ones family whatsoever remember
every day chase our love always try to
choose love instead of anger jealousy
pride resentment jealousy this is my
present from Isaac so cute I'm just
chubby fingers so Tim has been back for
about two days my and it's been so great
I really really missed getting a good
night of sleep of course I've been
really lovely to have Tim back you guys
must be wondering what Tim and I are up
to today on Valentine's Day and we're
really not up to much I'm gonna head out
in a bit to get some groceries and maybe
you know I'll just cook him a nice meal
most likely staying in for obvious
reasons after so many years together we
don't really do a lot for Valentine's
Day and I but it's very important that
we exchange cards because I really feel
like that card is just worth so much
more than the gifts poor joke I got him
like a gift it's not really gift is
something that we needed for the house
but he said he loved building DIY and
stuff so yeah you guys will see because
there was a little bit of a mishap when
he landed I was watching him unpack and
then I saw like this little small Gucci
bag like here this is yours and I was
like what I need oh yeah that's for you
and I was like did you get me something
designer turns out I was just boxes of
my contact lenses
guess it off like a dealer guy so
whatever reason he put it inside like a
Gucci paper bag to be honest I'm not big
on thin iron your bronze anyways but he
was like your face is priceless I'm
gonna do the same for him
what do you got well first thing is what
do you think that is hard
yes Bodines behind it wasn't expensive
okay but it's two weeks away
do you dare she said that's fine
yes sir where's my stuff
wait what wait what you said you like
building stuff each I thought you were
trolling me with like the contact lenses
so I thought I'll do this thing for you
baby you said you like building stuff
yes yes this for the new house yeah just
by anyway I thought other joke I can say
if this is your guitar you think is good
it may be a Tesco card but is this
before let's be quiet yeah my one and
only see the real moment I find the key
that I lost yeah babe it's not a contest
it's not an essay contest
beep I drew pictures and you're one look
it's a heart beating to the moon and
back that looks like that's all I just
said not a testicle at the heart dearest
as an a DEA arse
what's it supposed to be an a month dear
you know what I mean thank you babe
thank you I got a wallet all right all
that Berlin kid I kinda said okay it's
not about
that's not they're not in 3d isn't but
actually the nice we kind of I feel a
bit bad about that joke put the lb bike
here at the Titanic Exhibition Centre
party
it's alright home stuff so I guess this
is like interesting for him Tim keeps
moaning that he wants it to koozie in
the back garden we can still fit one in
everyone no no give me the horse
what oh my gosh there's actually a grass
worth
ladies having fun and bored
so stressful first time making fake but
so panicky dinner is served
see he likes building so my present
wasn't too bad Wow this changes
everything
