come on come on come on I feel it okay
closer come on come on come on come on
come on come on come on
ah why do you look as if you're in
despair he really does look like his dad
doesn't he
except his dad actually had hair kind of
finally encouraged him to eat by himself
these days
I know his motoring skills is probably
not there yet but with a bit of practice
he'll be there are you enjoying that
yogurt by yourself oh oh that yogurt is
Ballet's but inside the precious yogurt
somebody just spoke up from their nap
while he was sleeping I had a chance to
do a little bit of editing I just
heating up his lunch he's happy again so
Jason welcome to my humble abode
hmm super to take ah last night when I
was sleeping somebody smashed their big
fat head into my chin so super
mommy's coming
oh he likes his grandpa's bed I think
because it smells like his grandpa hey
what happened to it you take your
trousers off again how I feel every
morning can you put your Chargers back
on teeth okay hey but your Chargers back
on teeth
Hey like he's loving the ladies do you
like this hint you from the girls pick
100 all right I think we're going right
okay we have matching coats hmm okay
good good boy except it's the wrong foot
but nice try ah peace and quiet so I
think it's currently sleeping I think I
really started to get the hang of it so
usually I prepare lunch in the morning
so when I put him down for his nap
instead of making me a nice lunch I eat
that lunch use that chance to catch up
on Chris work do videos and by the time
he wakes up I taken by IKEA is never as
fun when you're just browsing in a
catalogue you have to actually be there
in a Cetus of yourself that's cute
you hear that so the dog caught ruff
ruff and that bird is called tweets the
Panda is called Dave meanwhile whatever
works
try Nanak for curtains this was not easy
guys this weighs a lot so imagine I have
to carry this guy and also carry this
which was not easy thing he wasn't
joking guys even the handle broke see
another day is over
mmm this is quite cute Isaac do you
think this'll look nice in the hallway
yeah I think so too
Harley you guys like the mundane footage
lately okay
as not only trances
sometimes I make me faster if you rush
it come on come on come on come on
toaster come on come on come on come on
come on come on please rise right so my
child to me tonight come on come on come
on I feel it okay closer come on come on
come on come on come on come on come on
what Carla ah so anyway you guys are so
super saying you don't mind a mundane
footage it actually feels nice it feels
like I have people with me hot seats
would you like some tea
do you take nothing reject because it's
awesome when TV has good music my very
adorable son is so sweet he knows how it
is to be at home so what he does he
plays his game with me all the life on
the host the game is called Athena
remotes and it keeps me entertained for
some time he's getting better and better
haha find it isn't it amazing hi we
would spend so long like looking for the
remotes instead of just going up to the
TV and actually just changing the
channel I want to share some of you guys
you know this sleeping app that I used
the I think it's called to relax em up
well I so much I thought okay I'll spend
extra I'm updated but the noosa heads
are weird
okay modulus pitch-black and you're
going to bed okay imagine sleeping to
these songs
okay let's start out with this one
called tribal that's okay okay mixed
makes me feel a bit exotic okay there's
no cold voices
there's actually one called dramatic
oh I might like this one that feels like
Disneyland so this one is called Bali
mist okay you ready
I would be terrified sleeping to this
I feels like I'm working in something no
chump has to be the scariest one
meanwhile later not nice and I love you
too because I have
