he's fascinated by that touch lump uh-oh
he just walked past I'm this whiff of
poo particles just filled the atmosphere
my granny looks felt really bad as she
treated help babysit because you guys
know why but she has no idea just how
much she has helped me just by giving me
food this is one of my granny's
specialities belief prevents it from
sticking to the bowl and she actually
just picked these leaves from the park
let's delicious on my favourite Freddie
I'm mommy's are the best I can
freak tight for the past two days
because I thought maybe I had headlights
cuz my scalp started to get really itchy
I feel like something was crawling and I
was like oh my goodness I must have got
like head lice and I'll asking my sister
is my nephew my niece how's it cuz you
know usually it's like children I get it
so yeah really panic ton turns out my
skin just got really dry cuz I haven't
really had time to drink water and stuff
so it really hit me when I found my
elbows my knees and my lips started to
get really dry usually when my skin gets
dry I get like a lot of dry lines as you
can see that was when I really hit me
that okay
it was because my scalp got really dry
good news today is I don't have nits I
got so worried about giving it to Isaac
I started looking at his head because
that would be a signal right if I have
it he has to have it and then it hit me
that oh he doesn't really have a lot of
hair a skin is just not that great here
in UK I find that because they get so
dry skin really tries to compensate by
producing more oil but hence my skin as
a be more clogged can I have your skin
can I rip it off on my face wait it's
nice hot steamy party for a cold day
I just fuck him DUP am awesome spider I
just fuckin DUP a massive spider guys I
was just vacuuming and then I was just
in a corner and just at a paddock i
vacuumed it and I'm terrified I've been
dying to talk to you guys i but slammed
him you smiling cuz the toaster is right
there I say I said I think I'm sorry I
look like an armpit I really need to
wash my hair hopefully today I can okay
with yourself you just gotta find your
own ways to have fun food it's fun food
is life oh come to mama
Isaac can I go with my hair hello I've
been using the bleach london wreak our
nation hair box and it's awesome it's
been especially for colored and bleached
hair reading from your comments just
today i'm some of you guys are saying
bubs thank you for showing like the
reality of having a kid as well always
like butter
and happy and kisses sometimes they have
talked terms I read another person and
she was slumping along the lines like oh
I think he's becoming more of her brat
and you know what you're writing right
now he is more bratty than he used to be
and it's supposed to happen
I heard of my terrible twos and threes
when they become like the two or three
majors I'm not just gonna shove him on
his best behavior obviously because come
on like all kids have had time trips and
Mel dies before truth is all mothers in
the world are losing it it just depends
how much they're showing anyways my
scalp feels so much better it's probably
because I haven't had a chance to wash
my hair so the grease really helped them
moisturize my scalp my hair is so clean
one of the best feelings and then of
course it's some hair oil so this is the
shoe amaura protective oil that I find
that actually makes my hands really
smooth and they make this smell awesome
he's fascinated by that touch lump
oh he just walked past and there's a
whiff of poo particles just filled the
atmosphere
I guess my hands will be smelling that
great for long oh geez
they just get worse you know
good
like even if they just get worse you
think I could get used to it
well you dirty boy that was a bad one
really sorry if foodie has been really
boring I've just been like me beat me
all the time
I can such a tiny person produce
something that stinks so bad
then with a giant giant diaper bag
filled with lots of diapers if there is
a chores I don't really like its laundry
I love it very much the reason I haven't
been talking lately is this is what
you'd be watching me do very interesting
although it's quite a nice feels like
I'm talking with somebody last week some
you guys you're like bugs you should get
a bin with a cover on it to baby-proof
it more and I was like I'm staying in my
parents-in-law place you know they've
been using these bins where like I don't
know how long so I'm not going to go
replace all our bins send mr. Shetty Sun
please shine down on me I'm mr. Sun Sun
mr. Collinson hiding in here and entry
this is what my knife up come to you yes
my country my favorites
look how small these are I think this
help smells like poop Oh
you
