Oh dreamy
general I know this is like often
compared to the States
wow it's snowing only when it snows is
it okay to wake up somewhat not again
these food Tantrums
when he's so much more happier than IKEA
than he was at Disneyland
oh yeah come on get up mmm let's take a
moment to appreciate this cork board if
Oh Oh
Thank You Cassandra for this awesome
cork board I'm just currently waiting
for I think to wake up from a snap and
then I'm gonna be decay into my series
we're gonna try to make it like a weekly
thing for him to see his cousins so they
can really bond as I said in a previous
vlog guys we're really having an issue
with Isaac's threw tantrums I think the
thing to do really is to just no matter
what just stick to your words when we
say he's thumb of his food he's done
it's just been Isaac and I all day Oh
luckily I got I see to keep you company
so what do you do when you're bored you
look at shopping channels and see what
gimmick products are selling
ah my sister used to say that whenever
you're stressed you just do this because
I gets a 10-minute they always I think
some things have been tricky on myself
and haven't even had a chance to turn on
my laptop to answer emails never mind to
fill them and edit so I'm sorry guys
ah but truth is Isaac is going through I
want to say hopefully a phase he just
seems to have something called the
stranger anxiety he never used to have
this he used to just gonna run to
anybody's arms every happy even die even
when my mum stares at him he would cry
and this never used to happen and it's
quite disheartening for my mom my granny
but hopefully it's a beast
I actually took him back to my parents
for a couple days just hoping to get
some help but it just turns out that he
was even more work having him there cuz
he was just so distraught and he keeps
crying lately like crying crying crying
ah the crying the precious adorable
crying I don't want to sound like I'm
like whining which is going to be hard
because I am mad but I'm so tired guys I
haven't slept for more than two hours on
a go because he's not sleeping well I
think it has been so cold in Northern
Ireland lately he's just struggling to
sleep maybe he's not well so I don't
want to just give him Copple whenever I
get a chance but I might have to but as
you can see he's so much happier here
what's that you know what Isaac first
said mama I was like music to the ears
no it's like what do you want I really
it's still like music city years mmm
you should eat mama or do you like
saying it I am what's wrong with me
little one
he's been very clingy and whiny lately
he hasn't really been himself I missed
him chubby Dom oh yeah I wonder what Ted
is doing probably getting lots of ample
rest lots of free time I'm happy for him
separation anxiety is normal unexpected
part of a toddler's cognitive and
emotional development completely normal
for toddlers I'm will almost certainly
fade as he matures and begins to gain
more control over his feelings ah keep
me sane I'm digestive biscuits there is
a scam and is called quizup that my
friend told me to join node and since
I'm such a friend's fanatic and
challenging Tim and he has been losing
we
Monica Monica Monica Monica Monica my
god
and joy
baby baby you lose your knob stir OH
chandler tumblr
we shall return
raus raus raus raus raus
and when you use this app for friends
please please if you have hearts pray
burrows favor Isaac so I can snap at him
