Oh
in the tail what my master
this guy loves granny Bub's rice hmm
yeah it's like default mmm I thought
this buzz would be really easy to build
it actually has too many parts Issac ela
I'm gonna get really done yet morning
guys Oh versus just happened
well not really the worst but um okay
sometimes you get sick enough fine right
but when you lose your teeth and you can
taste food and it's like I didn't
realize I lost my sense of smell until
yesterday and I guess there's a good
side treat because um I was changing
Isaac's diaper and um my father-in-law
walked into a room and he was like whoa
it really smells that was like wow I
can't smell anything
I think you need to wait sometimes I
like to make veggie soup all vegetables
and all beauties and then I just add
like a little bit of pasta chanting ah
so nice to get some alone time
Isaac's been a bit of a handful right
now I might have my father and I was
like me after him
and I might do run some errands to get
groceries and this feels so nice I
didn't even turn in music on because it
just felt so good to just have quietness
Isaac's been crying for the past few
days but yeah nothing much has been
happening guys I hope you've been well
not much to flog lately I don't want to
bore you guys things have been tricky
without Tim so good thing is I got two
weeks to look forward to until I see Tim
space space space
oh it's busy oh well it's park a bit
further
it gives us an opportunity to go walkies
hmm it's raining oh well just gives me
an opportunity to enjoy British weather
when I park guys I like to park like
strated Tim passive over sand how do you
guys Park he says just sit in the car I
listen to Jermaine do you guys hear it I
don't want to get ripped my therapy is
licking at total stuff no thanks
hmm morning everybody it is currently
11:11 so today I have a few errands to
do yesterday I was reading from your
comments and quite a few guys mentioned
that um and yeah you guys are saying
Bob's like so much more happier and how
call and you're not really thought about
I don't think that's necessarily the
case I think I'm just really happy
whenever like my family are like
together is right now Tim chubby and Tom
o or halfway across the world and you
know it gets tricky taken care of I
think I'm trying to balance work and
everything together but um I'm managing
I guess I seem happier and Hong Kong
it's because I've been used to living
there for the past six seven years so I
think I just need more time to adjust
the life obviously since our house and
our car isn't ready yet um it's a little
inconvenient it's gotta give some time
it was always mentioned that if you're
not happy in the UK you can always
return to Hong Kong but I'm not even
thinking about that I just want to give
it some time but I'm sure we'll like it
we just gotta give it some time I keep
saying that sant isaac change diaper
just put them over and up it's really
really looking forward to seeing Tim
again we are at the highest quality
progress to sense so some of our kitchen
have been put in so it's a very pretty I
think the color is called Partridge grey
and then here is um like a bluish
blueish grey island so yet to finish it
but I think it's looking pretty well I'm
in the dining room so that's going to be
sorry the kitchen and then this is going
to be the sunroom where we'll chill as a
family and more friends or hangouts and
outside it's a garden
progress really gotta start looking and
getting furniture going no more no more
just a little speaker that's you look at
your belly that's how he bruises himself
guys you haven't even swallowed your
existing food one tiny bit of pasta oh
my goodness what are we having an issue
with I think he has something known as
food tantrum guys remember the Watsons
right
it's he pees well he's really easy to
feed duty problem is when the food runs
on okay that's where there's a problem
yep Bruce right there he got that from a
food country I think okay it's okay
Isaac okay too much of anything is too
bad honey
this tomato will keep him happy for a
night
oh okay never mind
