miss you guys be good with Daddy okay
here we are having a quick flight in the
airport I think I've been flying for
like 17 18 hour
you're busy talking on the phone you
ready to go I said are you ready guys by
taking him to the doctor's he has dark
circles for a baby so we want to just
tell her that he's okay and it's not
like an allergy or some sort of
deficiency when you've been married and
you've been living together and
something need to spend time apart I
feel like it's a little tough especially
you know when you have a little child
like after it's been a very stressful
morning so good thing I had my cup of
tea
she gave me scene I'm actually typing an
apology email I was pretty pumped I had
some customer service
I got trying to buy a bed online and the
girl she kept making mistakes over and
over and she took forever to reply each
time I wrote something along lines I can
you be less careless and more prompt
please I just feel so guilty because
everybody makes mistakes so I'm just
like emailing her to say that okay as
call customer service and I've got a
sorted art um I apologize if my email
was too harsh everybody makes mistakes
so hope you have a wonderful day kind
regards Lindy I'm sorry Amy I am
actually disconnecting my Wi-Fi because
it makes me procrastinate probably not
work with a bouquet of chocolate iPad
and iPhone keep sleeping so I'm gonna
have to turn these off as well which
I've seen this picture Tim so dorky I
should probably not work with his
picture in front of me look at me I'm
like
it's being when he outside look at that
Oh oh my goodness that is just it's not
it what my brother's visiting so I guess
I'll spend some time with him
hey Tippi hello how you doing what is
this contraption oh it's gonna be a long
day life of a baby he watches the
television intently he just banana like
his life depends on it go to my big
sister's Isaac has never really played
with other kids before so he's a little
antisocial I think nothing more office
he's a bit scared of people
okay Isaac knows how to use Instagram
what are you guys are really really
confused why I uploaded this some of you
guess that it might be Isaac
actually a screenshot of food that's
high in iron
I don't know high but he managed to open
my app and also upload my screenshot I'm
so glad I don't take naked tobey's I was
on Facebook by day ago and on my feed I
read about a girl that some I went to
primary and high school with and it
wasn't good news at all she was
basically on the news for murdering
someone and I grew up with this girl and
she wasn't nice to me and for as long as
I could remember whenever she would see
me she used to bully me I remember even
from a really young age I knew that she
had issues I need up mentally she was
unwell
I wouldn't be detector lit so and Wako
for me when I was younger I would stand
up for myself but there was really
something about this girl that's she was
so like she was so unstable and she just
feared no one it's always a theme like
it that I just terrified everybody even
the teachers were terrified of her I
think she really surfed on top of
people's fears eventually she stopped
going to school cuz I don't know if she
got expelled or she just decided not to
come but yeah after a while I just
completely forgot about her I kind of
just blanked her eye and you know to see
her name appear again and you know what
to find out that she murdered someone is
is really sad obviously I eat I feel sad
for the victim and a victim's family and
people in baldness but I just can't help
but
I feel pity for her because you know I
read that she eventually got addicted to
drugs she had children but some one of
them like eventually died I don't know
hi and I think her other kids were taken
away and really really sad and I think
it really goes on to tell you that hurt
people hurt not she's in jail and I was
reading the comments and a lot of people
were saying that she deserved it and you
know she deserves to be killed and she
did was definitely wrong and certainly
can be justified but you know a lot of
angry angry people and yeah I can't help
but feel epithelia and been thinking
about her a lot and praying for her and
I asked you guys also pray for her of
course the big diddlin and people
involved anyway let's move on to
something a little lighter and happier
I'm really happy to you know that Janice
and Sonia Janice Lee they're expecting
their second baby so cool because of her
first child they were pregnant at the
same time and I they're pregnant with
their second child at the same time
again especially with Sonya and Andy
with their recent experience I'm I'm so
excited for than that both babies are so
lucky and so loved and so prayed for it
