this is the yoga master yeah can I just
save my up muscles for a lot weaker
after childbirth these kids singing is
probably the cutest thing I've ever
heard this is great tea and look at that
mop here
58 plus 29 17 plus 54 what wait wait
look our amazing trip in Lao is finally
coming to an end and on our last night
that pencils of promise team held a
posse ceremony for us it was quite an
emotional night very bittersweet we
spent so much time together am i it's
time to say goodbye but I'm so glad I
worked with the pencils of promise team
I can tell they are so committed they
truly do care and they are wonderful
group of people in about the ceremony
they pray for you while tying a white
string around your wrist and these
strings represent their blessings of
course celebration always comes with
food and karaoke
last but not least of course dancing I
believe this is filming similar to an
electric slide
then if you're watching your effort to
try to dance inspired me to try as well
hmm maybe I should just phase myself up
I would like to think that I inspired
him to not try to dance as well
all of us to the team of pencils of
promise I'm sure it won't be too long
until we meet again after a wonderful
trip Tim and I split ways he went back
to Hong Kong and I traveled to Cambodia
now I will tell you guys all about it
but all in good time all you guys need
to know is it's for a great cause
burn I why don't you come with me to
Singapore good morning everybody time to
head for breakfast
oh my goodness last night phenomenal
sleep I think I got like a good five
hours sleep I don't get me wrong it was
completely fine when Ellis and now
Cambodia oh my goodness to sleep my it
yesterday was just okay let's get ready
for work I'm probably crazy for wearing
like a jumper in Singapore but all my
summer clothes are in Hong Kong
very famous for its gonna right here at
skin Inc so it's basically why I kind of
sleep over for a really cool thing like
if I skinning is there technology is
from Japan I need see the little bubbles
is because it's encapsulated so it keeps
ingredients really fresh but a really
nice day I think we had breakfast and
then we I think we did for magazine for
yeah for
- bye-bye okay so we just five magazine
interviews and then we did a bit of
shopping because oh my gosh it's so hot
here we need it
my we're just prepping to do the filming
so let's see goodness the lighting is
pretty nice here too so nobody can
complain about that
currently have six and I'm going to meet
some subscribers for dinner last time I
came to Singapore a lot of them puppets
so sweet ends
they just kept in contact with me bigger
you know which eat them I for dinner and
we'll have a good time my precious
friends
and I was great of course they were just
again made you can just come so much
stuff so thank you guys oh my god it's a
tutorial pill over thank you sue oh my
gosh this is so cute but wait look
Isaac has something as well I have my
own personalized notebook Thank You
hazel your calligraphy is on point in my
last makeup tutorial I was mourning
because my favorite eyeshadow base was
near his end
one thing that got me a brand new one
actually term from dinner with ten
subscribers - I think like 20 I just
want to add that you know obviously I
wish you can meet like all of you guys
but it's quite impossible to everybody
for dinner so um I hope you guys in mind
first just heard like Alison young talk
about gonna be the door bitch so
sometimes they want to control and make
sure everybody has a picture see same
environment yeah so thank you thank you
about what I mean the most awesome door
to meet and greet my after discipler
event
because there was way more people than I
expected and I had a flight to catch we
really tried to meet as much people as
possible so I apologize if it felt a
little rushed when I was meeting you
guys
I feel very happy to know that a lot of
you guys are captured on my camera so I
can see your faces again
this was definitely my mom was crazy of
me in Crete and I want to thank you all
for making it so amazing so thank you
all for kicking at the time and effort
to come see little me and I hope you had
a great time also I have to think these
girls were making me laugh so much
behind a glass so much love out of all
the pictures hmm definitely a memorable
day that I will never ever forget all
thanks to you guys my suitcase was
already filled from all my traveling
beforehand but don't worry guys the team
are posting all of your letters and
gifts back
Thank You Singapore for always making me
feel like family Oh see that guy there
do you wanna know photos I'm sorry do
you like know the girly dramatics I was
like okay I'll Akoo and then the old
chars I couldn't take it so he's like oh
I'm really sorry it's time to go back to
the airport my voice is like must I be
gone that was really good meeting before
people than like I thought it would be
but everybody's really nice and them I
apologize and I you know we didn't get
to like spend enough time chatting with
okay it's just we really wanted
everybody go
Singapore it never fails they made me
feel at home so until next time take
care
my back to Hong Kong my very last stop
before returned back to the UK
