a while back I invited you guys to join
me on a mission to help fund building
schools for underprivileged children
together
Ruiz an amazing total of $50,000
allowing us to build two fully
operational schools pretty children of
Laos pencils of promise invited us on a
field trip to see what the schools
ourselves now after traveling for almost
24 hours today I invite you all on his
very special journey as we visit one of
her own schools good morning everybody
so today is a very exciting day we're
gonna be visiting one of her school the
school that were gonna be visiting today
is named the beauty of college the
reason it's called beauty of knowledge
is because if I wasn't because of my
channel none of this would have happened
I hope you guys never forget that really
doesn't have to be just about makeup and
skincare beauty is also knowledge and my
bag of candy and hopefully there's
enough that's right a miniature room we
have switched it that's true oh crap
it's really those like shake Wow
we just drove over a river so no wonder
we needed to change our fan people don't
really go up there because it's
inaccessible yeah oh this is actually
really scary
these were really high up and one wrong
turn I can see why this is hard to reach
it may have been a scary bumpy ride with
no seat belt but I can't deny the
scenery really was beautiful after a
long ride to the top we finally arrived
to our school that used to be their old
school yeah oh I'm happy I've dreamed
for his day to come and finally here I
was watching them play but you're good
guys I want to go to soak in this moment
to see what you guys did for all these
children
hey you butcher I really don't know what
to say
and here I was about to be introduced to
the children and I was so nervous when
they started to line up I just couldn't
help but feel overwhelmed and emotional
yes fine
I thought of Io what should I bring the
kids but a party since the pencil
promise already supplies them with
pencils and books I was told that a lot
of them have never had candy before
it was so sweet singing at their faces
light up I've never seen a child
appreciate candy so much and for some
they even just put in their pockets as
if they're receiving it for a special
occasion
possum hook for the Buccaneers
as children even though they really
wanted to candy you can see that they're
very good a very well mannered nine it's
time for me to take a look at the
classrooms this is great fun each
student of the class stood up to
introduce themselves
the cutest and funniest thing happened
here when I stepped in they greeted me
as teacher
I told the children to work hard as you
believe it themselves and little do they
know that they have thousands of
supporters cheering them on oh that's a
brother the TD brother to school care of
him actually what if my name was one of
the sisters gave her little brother her
lollipop
children and I love this thing and guess
what they don't need instruments make
music you guys can see that we're pretty
much up in the clouds so you imagine
just high4 up we are so this place here
is pretty much in accessible right now
it's fine that when it rains from the
little holes it would leak fury and the
noise and everything are nice pretty
spacious but you know it's quite cramped
at the only student night
this is Denise you're all things to eat
ice 9 we have a large spaceship concrete
building with separate classrooms and a
preschool and there was 88 over 100 my
spacious classroom pretty amazing huh
but you guys have took a look at their
school now it's time to take a look at
their village why I noticed was wherever
when I would see children so I was happy
to know that when they're older they
have school to go to what you guys are
seeing are the typical conditions that
the children live it as you guys can
probably guests they don't have any
electricity and they don't have access
to clean water
you imagine this is what they come home
to guys despite the fact that they don't
have a lot what I saw for myself was the
children of Lao are some of the most
joyful and happiest kids I've ever seen
what I suffered myself was children
being so creative playing with rocks and
sticks on a floor
I felt kids running happily with no
shoes I got to really see for myself
that some of the most joyful people in
the world I really people who don't have
lots
they're so cute some Hardy poor family
to have around eight kids I remember as
we were leaving the village I turned
back and I looked at it and I actually
really missed the village I told myself
that one day and must return again
usually I'm very appreciative of
everything but today just made me feel
even more blessed and never do I want to
spend a day taking anything for granted
my is time to hit the road and visit and
litter pencils of promise school still
undergoing construction yet really
eventful day the community made lunch
for us I was sold out sometimes and it's
a big ol family of 12:1 right so that's
why they don't get a lot of nutrition a
very typical way for them to eat is to
roll the sticky rice into a ball and to
dip in the sauce a great thing about
sticky rice is it fills them up I would
say MIT team like why are so cute I
think we realize because they always
stick so Joyce and I really took scene
at some time
happiest people are people who treat me
so come here is a matter school that's
currently undergoing construction and
today we're going to be helping right
Ximena guys are going to be doing a
cement and we are going to be doing the
painting crew height is not a problem
after all
Wow a really nice thing about the
pencils of promise field trip was it
really allowed us to serve our own hands
that's my manager can and he's here in
Lao with me so he can help loads
sweetest guy ever meanwhile let's see
what Tim is up to
I wanna take this moment to thank all of
you for your incredible support but you
guys none of this would have been
possible and I hope we don't stop here
may we continue to keep building
communities and big people they keep
defences a promise for such a wonderful
trip and all the work you do if you're
interested in finding more by pencils of
hummus because it pencils of promise org
you
