quite a surprise because we got the
airline the time and the terminals wrong
we're gonna relax my my favorite fell in
love 2015 is on we are here at Dubai
Airport waiting for our next connecting
flight here at Bangkok
one more connecting flight to go so good
to take my shoes off did I tell you guys
I bought my Christmas tree earlier this
year I bought a white one I'm starting
to question it maybe I should have just
stuck with a green one to go
Akron isn't small no wonder they
wouldn't have liked to say from this is
actually really nice I envisioned us
anyways I envisioned us staying in like
like a hut to raise some money to build
the schools they invited us to come see
the school here is our rival packet girl
running short on our underwear so kinda
have to like wash it and put my side it
was like how do you not stare so was
gonna feel it and I'm like babe what
kind of beef steal underwear they have a
friend
thank you what should we name him Holmes
Eddie pretty they took us to this place
very blessed to be here feeling very
lucky to be here pencils a promise they
only taken I think about 30 donors a
year on field trips and just happy to
see behind the scenes a cheeky guys and
me and really excited to visit our
schools it's funny how I really like
we're so tired we're gonna sleep in them
to get in bed phone the laptop so we're
like why is it that when you sit an
airplane all day why is it that your
body hurts like my abs seriously hurt I
have no idea feels like I've just done
like 50 situps
we've just been eating eating and eating
you know cuz we have so many like
flights and each time we flew we did
give us food you don't like reject
airplane food
today we will be taking a ferry a
motorbike the next day we went to visit
a school now if not the school that we
funded but it's one of the schools from
pencils of promise and we were feeling
very honored to be part of this very
special date because it's Airy
I remember moaning a little bit to Tenma
by my shoes getting destroyed and then I
saw kids walking around with no shoes
hello guys so nice indeed energy
everybody so happy and excited for today
women of the village preparing food for
everyone trust me this looks a lot
harder than it looks
Lindy's gonna prepare food for all of us
today beat make sure not to eat it so
nice to see kids actually play play here
I'm just so used to seeing kids playing
with their iPads and phones
I also now watch a motorcycle in here
yeah
people and they drink from that water
I'm sure you can tell but the elders and
the men of the village are really proud
of their school until they're so happy
to be part of a special day now
receiving a shawl with a bunch of
bananas may seem odd to you but they
mean it with all their heart
now they celebrate something called a
fuzzy ceremony and they only did for
something is really important for them
for today's case of course it's a
ceremony of the new building as you can
see the elders are tying strings are my
wrists and while I do does actually pray
for us to be happy and joyful kind of
like their blessings really appreciate
they're in love and the good side and
then of course I couldn't understand a
single word but I really wish I knew
what they were seeing
made a filly took coxa fine be happy and
healthy you and us if everybody just
grabs a spoon I mean just share others
me nothing very awkwardly because I was
forced to dance by the country director
who I actually really adore on this day
was such a warm day and it made me so
excited about visiting our old school
tomorrow with our afternoon free we were
able to do a little bit of sightseeing
we're at a Paris adventure can you
imagine like the life airs
we like this one even Bear Grylls is
here today have a really nice day I just
I feel so honored to be part of this
ceremony and I'm so excited because
tomorrow we're actually gonna be
visiting one of ours gold
