woke up early in the morning to fight
the Christmas Boxing Day Seals I think
we are the only ones in the store
meanwhile Tim is testing this bait your
briquette you're gonna have to buy that
he wants to buy this her Isaac Isaac
he's like a baby recliner really you
know the rola fell but guys you have to
touch it
the wife back on the wheel after what
must be seven years I am holding on for
dear life
while shopping her thank you
I am scared that I don't have to follow
the speed limit I just do what other
cars are doing as long as I'm not the
fun what yep
my signe keep the first time when I
drove the Carl's mashiki it is kind of
like riding a bike you do even prefer to
change your gears
he's been so occupied playing with this
cracker please I love the cracker I
think because it resemble the toilet you
know the loo roll like what you get left
over because we love selves finally
getting our food
I finally got Turkey even if it's my
like just mistake morning guys
Isaac picture pants back on
so cold on my breath
a part of me is glad the holidays is
over because you know like family events
are great see the thing is Isaac is such
a ray of sunshine at home he's happy
he's cheerful he's mischievous soon as
he enters my family ties I know it could
be quite overwhelming for some because I
have a lot of family members and it's
Lord he just freaked sorry he just
doesn't have a good time so we were
supposed to have a matter of family
event today I figured you know just let
him rest we're not really wondering is
he going through a phase or he's just
scared of strangers and when I stranger
danger where could you be an introvert
Hong Kong it was just Tim Isaac and I he
really hasn't had experience playing
with other kids especially in Hong Kong
he's really only looked after by Tim and
I he spends a lot of his time just
happily playing by himself
Isaac yes can you put this back here
okay can you put this back over there
for me
good job pinky pinky love grandma's soup
look like a crazy woman I feel like I
should like tidy myself up a little bit
but at this moment why bother
a little update so things have just been
so dull and boring that I really haven't
been vlogging it's been over a week
since we've been back more than a week
right probably been longer I don't even
know every day we've just been soaring
like homes though I'm so home stuff I
feel like ever since I got back to UK
like my energy just sapped by 50% my
efficiency sapped by 50% so I'm hoping
that a new year and we'll get my group
back on again and get things going
yeah he's at issue G a honey boo boo
she Richie that's it see what were you
doing in my house up button from your
nose yeah Josh good I think I'm still a
little homesick I think we just need to
get used to to change and come the thing
of it it's quite hard to get back on the
groove when technically you just move
tears so you know of course you're gonna
need time to adjust I think I just gotta
be more patient with everything and try
to not get stressed or trying to brush
rice myself
we're at the Children's Hospital I think
he's okay guys could be because you know
the flight picks up bacteria it could be
that he's in a whole different country
so the bacteria is different here and
he's not used to it everyone see that's
why it adult reacts are being tired when
a child is tired it's like I'm money and
the world foots table
good morning guys just want to apologize
lately I just really really haven't had
a chance to flog cuz you guys know you
know Isaac's been six yeah that's been a
bit of a bummer and every day we just
been busy sorting things I feel so bad
because I really haven't had the chance
to sit down plan a video film or edit
whatsoever I think we underestimated how
much stuff we would need today when
we're here it's all about two months
until our move-in date so we still got
quite a bit to do another reason I
haven't been vlogging is because you
know home stuff could be really really
boring but I'll just blog today anyway
and on today's agenda we will be looking
at tile
carpets and maybe curtains we get this
one so true
we like this one or this one carpet is
carpet this one or this one
it is carpet carpet carpet I next step
we are in the king at shelves
a little bit of recharge I hate when he
mixes the chips together because it
means I always over ate an end up eating
both of them because he never eats them
and I don't like it touching the tray ah
we lost one
yeah open my one is office button things
you can get your burger and put one in
here for me
are you the finger he won't do that you
shouldn't do that
Simpson really for joining me looking at
curtains and fabrics so nice happy to
find him like at electrical quite funny
cuz in the driveway we saw a lot of
women then they stayed into cars
this must be what it's like when Tim
looks at fabrics for me when he asses as
I can tell a difference of the quality
and I'm like it looks the same we are
currently watching the fireworks life
winder from Hong Kong trying to but this
is nice we also notice that there's a
hat grid in the Christmas novel descent
you a wizard are a yeah hmm he's working
