oh really
yes son we're using your car as storage
right now it's a day I'm really glad I
came to see how they look in real life
because it looks nothing like it the
color is totally different tiles and
this is the one out of all the design is
okay this is the one that's him
likes you much ensuring to this back
here to the car looks like we're doing
it for real we're getting a car and the
car we're getting is not this one color
that I'm getting will be in white if
it's done we'll be driving the new car
in a few months time feel a bit better
since the car's not ready till three
months I have three months to brush up
my driving skills so in the meantime I'm
going to be driving tips
that's car and that's a mini and that
was the car I drove before so I feel a
bit more comfortable we have already had
a chance to flog lately just merely
because we've just been like on the go
every single day that we really have had
a chance
hopefully today we can see Santa the one
in time is just so busy all the time so
we're just gonna go somewhere local I
don't think he really cares after
shadows grotto hopefully we're gonna do
a little bit of shopping and then we're
going to do an early Christmas dinner
celebration with my parents that's in
Paris hey I don't know I don't like the
Sun to hunt
we had a very drunk vibe it's not that
bad but I feel like this Santa looks
angry oh look at this place night
starters we have scallops mean course we
have ribeye steak this is fancy
click it's fun Lucas is MIA Jaime is so
cool Oh thing at the sign residence
today so I went to pee when I came back
and these two took my spot thanks a lot
guys
make space for me please really no
really your butts on my pillow
I guess I'll wake up I am going to take
this chance to do my hair
so as you guys know before my hair was
previously great like a dark grey and
then I started to speak like almost
white so I have to put a quick color in
why we're gonna remove this color and
we're going to put in the proper color
I'm using this color before kit to
remove this color from my hair
originally I wish is going to remove the
color and then I put another color on
top but it's actually not so bad
turns out the color is actually pretty
nice I might keep this color for a while
I threw some sort really nice thing
about being back home and you get nursed
by your own mom
the cool thing about being home is I
came here my sister came here with no
makeup or nothing I just use all of my
mom's makeup this is my mom's this is my
dad's but it's cool
I don't have to bring anything your
mom's dressed but the best thing about
being home mmm well one of the best
things this smell always smells like
food I think over half of the presents
under the tree is all Isaac's Merry
Christmas everybody this morning
Tim and I will get more like we
completely missed Christmas I think we
went to bed at like 10 and we woke over
like oh it's Christmas and then like we
checked our phones and they're like
barely any like messages you know when
you're like younger when we were
teenagers when the clock struck 12:00 I
know you'd be texting Merry Christmas
and you're beginning like 50 messages
annoy like you forgot our phones and
nothing nothing really
everybody you see me nigga up to April
curry Oh
you guys know how much he treasures hold
on uh-huh
Ronnie was dead I'm trying to feed me an
ADIZ already what often walk dogs no I
think he's just gonna do not see the
video yeah oh to be sick the Sabre under
the tree for me open and awful good girl
santa baby so hurry down
paid keep bobbing your head baby so how
do we beautiful dress Justin Bieber
thank you very much : because we go to
my hair not it's time for the anti
celebration are you helping at not it
the really cool thing is you know that
Merry Christmas sign has been up for
like a whole year
we waited 365 days to finally use it
again Thanks
it is it oh yeah yeah
sup sorry I'm struggling to fill this
card are you crying if Christmas what
are these
I'm like morning she told a shift to be
daycare I think home frying situation no
ridges or pretty stuff Simon a please
read pay first me where's my diamond
right so all the checks on something
else I'm apart from the one thing I'll
have to teach you if I changed my name
to ink officially I get a 10 grand ring
o tu 4 MJ change it no way
this was a year ago
you
you
