McDonald's on the new burger it's the
hub Gatto salmon and beef burger and
show me Tim has been busy researching
how to get you guys back home and we
realized that they can actually fly back
in the seats with us what was Tim tim is
gonna be the one that's gonna be
bringing you guys back of course they'll
still be in their crates but I think I
won't be as scary for them like to sit
next to Tim rather than in the cargo I
can't wait to get you guys in the UK you
want to be apart from them right we're
having pop-up
ba-ba-ba-ba
Christine this is for you because I know
you love little twin size this is the
prettiest Christmas tree ever Tim was
teasing me this morning because I told
him that I could make you know those
ones that sometimes like if you go to
fancy hotel they kind of put in your bed
I saw a video on Facebook and I'm it's
relatively easy yeah apparently it looks
like something else instead
but you kind of see it though right can
you see it right I'm missing is the
wings which you just slot in but at this
point it's like why bother
hey I call this Tang baby look let me
look like a yang oh my gosh she just
needs to be topless D is our last full
day in Hong Kong just gonna spend it
doing same thing we normally do except
with some packing do you guys remember
when we first moved into this apartment
and it was completely empty and we
didn't have damo yet
oh look at the kitchen again where I
attempted a lot of disastrous
recipes the bathroom where I wish at
with you guys while I do my makeup
Tim's forever messy office do you like
Isaac's watch Thank You toning for this
swag much
I gotta the teeth and highly happy and a
longer movie mommy's no longer crazy
yo-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-u little noodle noodle
noodle name meaning meaning
hey Miki Yusuf is a pilot over my head
yeah yeah I laughs so my in Hong Kong
outside is getting chilly today and
we're enjoying a nice
hell yeah it's really good we just
discovered this place and I really love
this dish think that smile
I'm gonna let you treat my sleeping
noises module since it's my last night
sleeping here for a while guys I'm the
master of this this one kind of like a
cave site hmm
okay Belle's a bit creepy but whatever
look Pete this is horrible sleeping so
far maybe I'm just a little bit of good
you only have grandmother clock I don't
like your favorite smock hey I'm version
and then hooks at least it works for
trippy
this completes Annie's or not it's
really creepy Tim I don't like it so
much in this no do that again
get up I don't like that it's really
creepy what does he have monk chump no
place pass that the urban rune if that
must fear signs like it's like cold and
wet excited makes me feel safe when I
see better
and Jesus ly morning everybody
today is the day we go back I'm sorry
but my face must be a slight stress of
getting everything ready I've just kind
of been breaking out a little bit and I
have one like in the inside of my nose
which really sucks cuz I keep blowing my
nose because I do still have a little
cold and it hurts every time I blow my
nose today we are flying back and to
those who are wondering chubby animal
will unfortunately not be coming back
with us because her chubby and humble to
go back they have to do like a different
route because UK does not do domestic
remotes or drugs at the same time we all
have a bunch of stuff to bring back and
we go Isaac so we're going to focus on
bringing all of us back first getting
the place prepared and then a few weeks
later Tim will come back to bring the
dogs back into the UK really excited to
have the dogs back in he came with us
I'm not gonna ASA feel a little bad when
they go to the doggy camp but they had
been there for a few times and the
people who managed to place absolutely
adore then it took really good care of
them you know they've welcomed every day
they take pictures for us to see every
day so I'm not worried at all Dom will
always have a blast and I feel like
chubby kind of needs more interaction
with dogs the good news is this will be
the very last time that we will be apart
for the song i've been work for me
before we go back she can't remember how
are you sign her own signature still use
the signing bubs
especially like big how do I sign
autographs but I sign autographs more
than I sign my real name that I forgot
how to sign my to I have to like public
purpose the only different okay who do
everything I need to practice first
come back to me five minutes later okay
tokay
in a few weeks mommy's so sorry no I
wish they can come back with us together
all at once I'm nothing to ask Isaac if
he misses shipping demo and then you
looked at me for about a few seconds and
then walked away and he just came back
with me of lots of cheese see what suits
that's all you care about time to clear
the fridge suppose I have no choice but
to eat all the chocolates or kitchen
just sent me some photos at the doggy
camp
these are the actual dogs that the doggy
camp I thought that themselves and are
really friendly and it looks like
they're happy I'm so glad you can tell
packed suitcases packed baby get it Mel
baby is dressed time to disconnect the
stuff
always waiting for - okay I think
Oh
