oh my gosh
usually I'm so good with this crying and
I can take it but um lately it's just
been so much thought it's kind of been
building up inside me and I feel like
inside I'm like screaming Timnath giving
me some time to take a bath
second freshen up photobooth oh similar
you have your father
oh not impressed
not even this can cheer him up because
my hair oh you've got hair like Isaac
we're ghosts what a beautiful yes we
look alike as a family we're going to
head it for some lunch and I think
that's going to cheer everybody up and
then after to my decided that it's
probably best for myself and the rest of
the family if I just school I by myself
for some fresh air afterwards I'm going
to be back home and then Tim is going to
go out for a couple hours of his friends
as well I've never really had a chance
to talk to you guys about my new hair
color because you know I've been a bit
occupied but this color is pure ash
Aparri this color is a lot harder than
it looks because it's so matte and it's
so cool toned I heard this would be a
very pretty color to wear for a winter
Harley the more I wash it it's going to
end up looking warm warmer love love
love this hair color
I had a lighter gray color not long ago
and I didn't think it started me that
well but this toner definitely suits me
a lot better last for my haircut I
chopped three inches off because my hair
is been played like a few times so it's
just so healthier for me to get rid of
the really dead areas and I'm kind of
wondering why it and you cut it shorter
cuz I quite like the shorter look it
ain't not nice I'm so excited
I'm so sorry Cyrus I can't believe it
farewell dinner with my girlfriend it
was quite so and I thought I'll just get
a solid no but it's an accurate PC side
of it I seen tuna salad
looks like it's gonna be a while until I
get to say to Hong Kong skyline again
everywhere she's and I were saying like
our ultimate fantasy is for a guy to
like light up a cool garden
Masseria lights for us when my back
really hurts I asked him to do this you
can like hear all the cracks and I feel
a lot better don't do this at home okay
it's not a good pickup move and then
that felt good I heard like four cracks
ironic because I'm pretty sure that's a
lot good for us back oh so this is how
you usually don't look like guys he
shaved you tell this hair you wash that
face this is my according to me face he
took a shower and this is how I normally
look did have fun get home safe
oh great now I'm gonna have to deal with
oh the joys of a little baby and all the
toys in the world and you want to play
with a urine Cup don't worry it's a
fresh cup there's been no urine inside
you just learned that there's such a
thing that called scree caps basically
that it doesn't just go but sometimes
you have to twist it Mouse Sudama yucky
yucky yucky yucky yucky yoga moo moo moo
that's just what we'd like to do this is
what my life has become gonna try to
attempt to stretch these shoes myself
I've known about this trick a long time
ago but let's see it'll work because as
you guys can see my feet are actually
really small but it's really like wide
ass it's and everything but I want to
know what I found my meetings like these
shoes will be comfortable for me to walk
in for even a little while got bags of
water inside sandwich bags and I'm just
gonna position it so it fills the inside
of my shoe nicely and then I musta get
in the freezer
someone's happy today thank goodness
he's not coughing as much today his nose
isn't as bummed and it doesn't seem less
ready thank you for being happy and
healthy husband is hung over I made
extra congee for him today
Skiles Benedetta Baldy this is why you
don't drink a lot that is scary yeah
I'll meet you some funky oh that's what
you need cuz you're not well you're
heavy you know why I can't help it it's
good
well you're not 17 anymore the shoes
have been left free overnight what
happens to those pipes of water
expanding the ice and stretching the
shoes back oh wait okay oh so a lot
better and what they do is sometimes you
just keep repeating the process until
you get the size that you want you just
do better
