need to be in top condition look after
my family a really sweet subscriber got
me this when I was sick in Singapore
you know how the greatest bake-off is so
popular and I was like oh that's so
boring I actually really liked the
pottery version which would be even more
boring to more people I think it just
depends on your own your interests were
you going through my bag I'm gonna be
throwing out his stuff first so what
clothes you'll be bring back actually
turns out not a lot because a lot of
glue is just for Hong Kong and and UK
it's like three times colder what are
you doing in there
one glad they love each other what the
hell are you doing I walk in this what
you're doing are you trying to dancer
oh yeah stopped washing my hair with my
pink shampoo and instead I've just been
using normal shampoo with the sulfate
hoping to get like a lobster color right
so it's back to the grayish like violet
color that wasn't for so tomorrow I have
another hair appointment with my Lily
friend Oliver time to say goodbye into
the color hair but not sure again what
I'm gonna be getting tomorrow feel
happier today today I actually have two
were like a back brace cuz my back is so
sore cuz you're heavy I got this from
the bridal center the other day I'm
gonna cut this and then put it into like
a little tiny nivas for the bedroom I
feel radiant he has a kid double really
needed a bath so much he started to get
food stuck all over his fur right now is
amazing
when jihad the color of my hair first
before we decide or my hair
from McDonald's I feel like 10 years
younger
Oh cutting and my hair is done I really
like I think it's a really unique color
feel instantly younger amazing but um
yeah discolor is a lot harder to do okay
Oliver farlows and McDonald's Burger
King we're quite worried about this
little one so much pain and I feel so
bad
Chubby's mmm come get boys we're taking
him to the doctors because I've never
seen him like this ever so upset
currently bringing Isaac see a doctor
honey
dr. dick wait so you're gonna let dr.
dick yeah who's a doctor or children
look at those eyes dark circles first
off we have a mini spray for his news
looks like paracetamol this is if he's
got runny nose this is paracetamol again
d-don't I see oh and then this one and
then this is P sick and this is a
syringe I don't think it's her there's
my biggest rock is from here differently
do you know what dark circles babies are
sick it's pretty tough but I'm sure not
as tough as it is for Isaac we actually
had to get him some shoes before we go
to UK reminded me when I was younger I
used to hate I hated it when my mom used
to bring me to buy shoes I would rather
my like my feet get so soft and we go
through like getting shoe swag
it's a box
oh those are TypePad today as I go get
old
no teaching this and then bish amended
and then this and then with
out of the way to give you a honey
never
rule while
Silas Lee lie even a flinch yes looks
like it's just just getting everything
at once you know he's getting a bunch of
molars at the same time which is really
painful he's got the flu and partly he's
got like allergies up here which is why
his duck circles as bad me also have a
bladder infection as well imagine it'd
be very uncomfortable for him so it just
really really breaks my heart because I
knew he's in pain whoa
what about call yeah we're gonna go see
the doctors again I actually have to
like put his ears back a little bit so
any either delinked it into the food
come on but don't wanna do something but
don't worry it doesn't hurt I do it
really loosely it doesn't bother him at
all and after when he's done my ticket
are anyway what he said on another day
has passed
