I feel guilty you know how people say
that all scary normal you know for
chosen to get both its grapes along the
way but I like I feel like there's no
excuse because he was under my care cuz
he bumped his head like I just felt like
well we feel like it was safer she can
do hospital just to get checked eyes
because like I don't know what if
there's a internal bleeding and was
thankful because the situation could
have been worse it's like he was like
you know wha
but he was actually really come and he
was like it's okay when we were in a me
actually
he was like taking selfies and all they
wanted to take a picture and I was like
this is not the right time and then like
when we were driving back he was like I
think did you enjoy the little trip I
was like yeah a little trip just all
little things bumping into you
hmm trapping ate the sorbets so you get
the best bits hmm
he doesn't like em East more nope
oh hi it looks like Oh baby
hello a really amazing thing guys is you
know the massive watcher you guys didn't
see it but it was absolutely huge and it
looks like it's just faded a lot
miraculous see not he's just trying to
like clip himself in Thank You Susan and
Henry for the flowers my early birthday
present
oh my first Christmas card thank you so
much Stella today for breakfast I am
making a cheese on the home toasty I
don't know anybody that doesn't like
cheese and ham toasties today it's gonna
be a nice day as native owner I am sent
out to hunt for parsley dress for my
best friend and then afterwards I'll be
celebrating my supposed to be surprise
birthday dinner with my friends my
birthday is actually tomorrow but we're
celebrating it early so tomorrow we go
to give me and my love it always just my
rings when I get off the bus
why just ordered out my best friend
pricing your dress so excited because
addresses are so free and they also
managed to buy two wedding guest dresses
everything's so pretty here I want to
get married
but have a wedding again if it wasn't so
expensive getting this one more Isaac so
cute even though the wedding is like a
whole along like nine months away cute
so many Persians are so adorable but
wait I'm going go to I'll go buy that hi
man hiya the dresses are so much cuter
oh my little niece get something too I
couldn't help myself
really what do you guys think or do you
think the white ones nicer should I
click an angel I actually got the white
one fit one elegant order pricey dresses
for my best friend's pizzelles in store
I thought like oh why not look at cool
gastrous play nice color okay one of
these faux fur cardigans because I have
a wedding to go to in March and I might
be chilly that might be nice to wear
this is my dress spending so much today
but I guess my family's ánotá like
getting two dresses meeting
Verdana by women
I'm anemic over
what do you bought some broth today let
me tell you ladies the best bras I get
get it so you know the side part is as
wide as possible and that the straps are
nice and thick as well one you will
appear slimmer too it will bring out the
best of your girls at 3 it's so much
comfier so this is a must the wrong bra
gives you terrible back fat usually I
love the bras from Wacoal they're just
really really comfortable day I have to
go to a pharmacy to get hemorrhoid cream
so I asked the lady oh um can you tell
me where the hem mark creams are and she
was like hey she decided to scream
across the store to her colleague and
say hey this lady wants to know where is
the Korean Street hemorrhoids and then
everybody like from the store turned to
look at breathe and then like she told
me to follow her and all the way she was
walking over she kept saying where is a
hemorrhoid cream
yeah at least she she find them I didn't
get a chance to show you guys but this
is the other wedding guest dress that I
got and kind of like a purpley gray
dress this is my favorite one but a very
simplistic
clean line boo and it's got lace on it
Thank You T sister and brother-in-law
for my Christmas Batman calendar
scioscia birthday gift it's not buying
on 12:00 midnight
the sixth no happy birthday to my wife
it's her I lost not so how old your
honey nine three nine personally named
darling this is a kick from a friend
that we could invest in it we don't have
candles but it's okay quick my imaginary
handle it still is one of them be
sparkling so the way I decided it cut me
another cutting this is what came up my
plate
