if we were to do an animal analysis what
animal would I be it would be a tiger or
a lion I think a two hour I realized
something I've always wondered why
Donald loves love loves to sleep on like
he loves to lay over our tiles on
pillows I know so his pros but he does
love to you nothing blankets everything
and I wonder why because you know he'd
have like a comfortable place to lay on
but he always preferred to like just
sleep wear like a blanket and it just
hit me he likes doing it because he
likes the smell of us so that's why he
lays on it cuz Maddie makes them feel
more secure
I'm gonna watch paw Patrol what are you
what do you say when you want something
you feel something brewing hurts
we've had some friends come over a
couple days ago and two of them what
we're on well so may have caught
something don't know could have been
anything back then before kids with
someone's ill you're so apathetic you're
like oh we feel better and then when
your parent when someone says they're
sick the first thought you have is stay
the heck away from my kids cuz I don't
mind getting sick and know my kids mommy
had the dinner we had I gave me a
Pokemon analysis and we were saying if
we were Pokemon so we would be everybody
agreed that this guy would be a psychic
I also said Metapod come on babe
it's jut like a devil I'm torn between
Metapod and psyduck you can stay in the
same position for like hours and hours
at a time
you'd be James my
miss jinxiu I wish I had drinks those
knockers and I love you guys agree that
Ayla will be Togepi a little too could
be Christ a lot so it's more like Isaac
if we were to do an animal analysis one
humble would I be feel like I would be a
nun to because I'm small and I'm always
moving doing stuff yeah or Abbi yeah
you'd be a dung beetle I don't know why
I feel like you'd be a beaver I was
gonna ask what animal would show peepee
Amy would be a hamster cuz she sleeps
all the time it would be a tiger a lion
I think a two hour I told you guys this
but my mother ago we gave up attempting
to give her one bottle of Express Mail
today because we just felt like it was
such a struggle and a waste of time and
a waste of milk tried so many different
teeth right there and she's just a boob
snob yeah I'm gonna be I'm doing an
event where I'll be away from probably
be away from her for about several hours
today I attempted to feed her milk off
the lid of a bottle so as like a cup I
only do buy one ice and she didn't cry
like crazy taking it so let's try to
give her to Iceland today here's some
milk that I have just expressed she's
all bagged up are
Oh bless you Oh whatever I feed her half
of it will be wasted because I'll just
leak out of hurt more but we slowly
feature six Isis as she takes three Isis
I can live with that this is a boob snob
I might have to do this Alexa play I up
the tiger tell again I knew it he'll
oniy take the milk with I have the tiger
on bottoms up it kind of goes everywhere
so I have to change of the pretty often
everybody can hear our Jeep is you don't
see too I of the tiger and I spilt it
all over myself yes please yes please
no thank you baby it's just a little bit
and you thought isn't up in this well
that and the pin please thank you a
little bit to go well done I actually
think she took most of it there was not
that much yeah
changing our clothes because she soaked
the top of her out of it yeah yeah she
liked our milk either straight from the
top or her butt shot glass you're just
like your dad
that's our Bruce Lee impression is that
your semi-closed inside hey ready go
swimming swimming again you ready okay
won't people a plug at guys just obvious
reason I'm asking plea came in today so
I'm I did a quick colic see I'm off a
still away just a little dokie of an
experiment and I'm going to give it as a
gift to my auntie home is where my dog
is like if you agree it's all it leads
all night it's very very very cool so
how high is amazi why are you sitting
like this your true Asian aren't you
actually your knee half
this guy just said I got so much work to
do and yet he's on the Jimbo
is that the giving up okay
no as a star inside Alexa play I of the
tiger it's your favorite song you get
for the morning so anyways I painted
this today so it's like a starry night
sky with a tree a little swing on it if
you're interested in knowing how to
paint this then stay tuned on my Bubbe's
Beauty Channel
