got a pose from pencil compromise so in
a sweater this is promised here is a
postcard with quality education the
possibilities are endless
hey Lindy thank you so much for your
incredible support of pencils of promise
you're going to change so many lives
through two schools your build can wait
for a trip to Lau in January hugs from
the pencils of promise team Carlo thank
you so much guys
let's open the press this box it looks
like this I wasn't expecting to get
jewelry tangled up but my confession is
actually really love when my jewelry
tangles up so it's still therapeutic
like a free puzzle gotta see the light
and everything although I think I just
made it worse
it's okay makes it more challenging yeah
definitely new first I have to say
though I feel like I'm taking all the
glory when you know obviously like this
would not even be possible without you
guys so once again I want to thank you
guys for being so amazing this is going
to take a while really we are watching
eating for shield
wow we do some work Oh what I'm hoping
to because I passed listen
look do you want to help or not this is
how you do your makeup while being able
to watch TV have it so you can see the
screen on your mirror
I managed to untangle the jewelry
they're so cute I think it's so it's in
sync with the pencils of promise logo
and even this piece this necklace did
you see what I did here I think I did it
so it looks kind of like a pencil as you
can see and then they have this necklace
the string handmade by local artisans in
Kenya and 20 percent of every purchase
goes to pencils of promise finally
receive these and pants called pinks and
I'm sure you guys have heard about them
but I basically ordered these like half
a year ago and I don't know what
happened I must have got lost or at I
don't know but should be half a year for
me to get any supposedly these pens are
great because they can they can absorb
it like two tampons worth of you know
you guys can research on the technology
of the pants yourself to see how it
works and stuff for an I let's see if it
can really absorb a lot pour some water
in here I'm going to keep going a little
bit more I've been very skeptical about
this but so far it's absorbing three
well the other side is completely dry
there's no sign of any wetness and I
press this there is some numbness as you
can see maybe it will absorb more later
electricity is back on our part has been
I for like the passport Packers hence
why I'm randomly doing experiments
Debbie heard of these these things pants
they were placed pads and tampons maybe
you should get them as a gift for your
mom
what or your sister you need to worth it
and panty liners anyway gross feel it
that's completely dry ready to do the
football its water are gonna be having
fun today you remember a long time ago
we got those um
strikethrough spiders for our friends
for Isaac to you to maybe spa well they
actually expires soon so they
recommended for us to quickly use them
before they expire here's a whole lot
older night so last time we chicken
people to happy so we shall see how he
uh he likes at this time as you guys
know Isaac is walking I and I think he
is really perfecting at night and along
comes a-running also comes to bruised
crotch turns I actually have like fill
on bruise down there the reason is when
Isaac walks he gets excited and he
builds momentum and then he starts
running but when he's running he doesn't
know how to stop thing is he is the
perfect height to head smash the crotch
area yeah he's quite the crotch Smasher
these days I can't even get mad at him
because even like one of really hers I
looked on and he's like fully smiling at
me you know his web is T only 24 days
till Christmas Day only five more days
until I'm 29 29 I remember when my mom
was 29 this is weird
uh-oh when your husband's parks nearby
to pick something up on it's been like
15 minutes and your toddler is bored of
the toy he's been playing with
since he can walk and he can run like I
was telling you guys he builds a lot of
momentum so last night he actually fell
and he like busted a bit of his lip up
here and there was a blood and I was so
scared and the only thing I could do was
hold him and just tell him it's gonna be
okay it was just like a small little cut
but like ah just breaks my heart every
bruise every cut he's okay he's playing
with daddy's car key but like I said you
know it's quite scary to know that
there's a lot of things you can't
protect your child from sudden remember
if it doesn't kill you only makes you
stronger so far he is pretty content
before well then be a masterpiece I have
the water
come again oh yeah cookies
oh my gosh we need one for our own house
the me you can even climb into this
guest slide almost a year ago we took a
photograph here I'm not he's all big my
goodness it is Timmy hey Timmy
woman little a mobile luck okay
our lives are officially Ling this guy
still traumatized police he smelled good
which is not very common most of the
time he smells like cheese frosting from
conqueror of more eating so there was
like a waiter and um I don't know I
think he was just like a kind of intense
what instant he actually came over with
an actual tape measurer
look like you're gonna measure Isaac
pencil it again he took the bottle he
actually forced it in his morph this is
his fuse what was the thing which he did
but um I don't know it was very awkward
that we were intense Isaac what's the
size of those balls
you can be their baby penguin a little
bruiser want to be tired I'm here to
grab some infant cereal
what's this babe it's just this is a
secret that all parents do what we do is
we go to a store and then we just grab a
toy for them to play with for the
duration and when we're done we throw it
back according to Tim there is going to
be some sort of sceneries for like one
second only oh so it's the Hong Kong
skyline oh shut it
we're home and I love my pencils of
promise sweater it's so cozy and comfy
