don't take it personal
oh yeah the best thing about having
pizza is knowing that you're gonna have
it for breakfast today after did you say
it well I dreamt that one of the
Teletubbies oh the red one I was like
possessed and trying till they eat all
the other ones come to mommy
and
Oh someone sit on the block
babies do look like jump girls in high
heels right I don't have a nappy to
cushion my butt today I'm looking at
rugs for the same room since the sofa in
the sunroom is like so big it's been
pretty challenging looking for a large
rug especially at an affordable price
I'm honest website and I owe the prices
start at 50 but then I realized there's
only 65 so we need to start out at least
300 so I was like okay okay the purse is
getting higher no no no wow it's kind of
like watching a scary movie when I see
the person
somebody's upcoming stop you guys
probably won't be seeing too much lately
because he is busy processing orders
from the Black Friday sale is returning
in fact to Hong Kong I have 24 inches or
something
it looks Kinski 2-bike and the curry
marathon continues I just really like I
crave curry all the time it's like
either I don't eat it or I just want to
eat all the time
thank you everybody for your Black
Friday orders this is awful finally tidy
but the storeroom here huh crease eating
is after tidy two bags and those boxes
art it still looks like this I don't get
it guys
I'm a genius or at least kind of a
watchmaker so this watches all up my
granny for many many years and he asked
me to bring this to Hong Kong to get a
fix because it's just loose and keeps
coming up knowing Tim when he liked them
a lot he already knew that the problem
of the watch was this part here I really
do know where to get this watch fix cuz
she doesn't have the recipe or anything
and I'm too scared to like put it in a
watch repairs place because it's a Rolex
Harley the way to do it is to do it
myself what I simply just did is you
know the old clasps here I wished
something in between unstretched a wire
not eclipse
Hoagy visit by yourself
she likes to chill by herself
at the end of the day kind of like me to
end my day he did on this app we have
winds where rain we have tons of my hair
we have my space no rain on drifting
let's fit grandfather clause and then I
got a fire crackling highway they stop
ever get a room you two
oh wait you're in the bedroom
usually I am sweetheart and
happy-go-lucky and I've come and just
I feel like a boat today I feel like
pianist just has me by the grip like I
feel like I have a big like you know
piss off sign on my forehead it's
evident that pianist is no longer just a
myth so this morning I woke up and like
had a good sleep and everything but I
just woke up feeling so I thought to
cheer me up I'm gonna make myself a good
lunch so I opened the fridge and I was
by to the for my creamy Portuguese
chicken rice I would do my horn I open
up the fridge and discover that actually
I stir it I last night I look at this
drawer and I just I had tears coming out
of my eyes over Portuguese chicken rice
13 things PMS stands for it past my
shotgun psychotic mood shift perpetual
munchkins free puffy midsection people
make me sick
provide me Oh sweets pardon my sobbing
pimples may surface past my sweatpants
totally pissy mood syndrome really
mansukh pack my stuff potential murder
suspect okay that cheered me up I just
tweeted I need food a lot of you guys
are saying you should get McDonald's on
the rate good choice there's this new
burger in Hong Kong I want to just catch
a break I really just want a fries and
Tim was nice to give me his fries say
thanks give
