Oh looking at him away looking at him I
thought Adam look away looking
at him look away look away looking at I
was reading from your comments this
morning and actually quite a few guys
are a little upset that we're no longer
to be living here and you guys are so
silly
absolutely understand because while we
were living in a permanent we you know
we got down low and then engaged and
married and welcome to Isaac and now
he's like a heroes change can be
uncomfortable because it's me so it
feels foreign
but I know you guys are gonna like the
plug back in UK and always be visiting
Hong Kong and this will always be our
Hong Kong home
yeah eating with the wife pies I think I
was like not a king with like really
awesome look at it watch TV like this do
you have the same smile and if you have
an evil smile yes I've been eyeing up
this table for like the longest time and
it's been artists talk one from six to
nine the four three nine and I just I
think it looks perfect from a bedroom
but it's finally back in stock so I
looked at this one I mean this is this
is nice I'm so happy I knew this was the
one that I wanted oh you're walking like
a like a little Sambi baby or drunk
chick after a night I picture are you
walking - okay guy loves the school just
there I was like oh I should really
start packing ish even like clearing
eyes that barman or sorting out what
stuff to bring back and what stuff to
keep here and then this basically
happened
yeah another day tonight I am reading
genes again so James doesn't say if
trouble comes your way when adults point
is not to pretend to be happy when we
face pain but to have a positive fight
look James tells us eternal hardships in
two times of learning tough times can
teach us press reverance we can't really
know the depth of character until we can
see how we react under pressure it's
easy to be kind to others when
everything is going well but can we
still be kind when others are treating
us unfairly was the answer industries 20
yes excuse me mama
it'll be so careful when you extract
guys so I had this really stubborn spot
here and the thing is if you don't
extract it fully properly it gets
infected I have to say though I'm quite
feeling this this markup here also
having a Marvel Marathon as I clear up
the stuff at home haven't really been
logging lately because I've just been
clearing up stuff for the house unless
you guys want to watch me tidy up boxes
which I'm sure you guys don't yeah kind
of why I haven't really been vlogging
lately each a Black Friday isn't like
wow like a big thing these states and I
don't know I don't even handle the
Christmas sales very well or even the
Boxing Day sales I think a lot of people
they like going for the hustle and
bustle and it's like a tradition but in
my mindset okay my homebody mindset I'm
thinking why I do want to go out there
and get trampled and just feel
claustrophobic when you can just do it
online and we guess with you are were
twenty questions um we shall see before
Nathan highs how much time do you need
to get ready in the morning mm-hmm maybe
about 10 minutes to use nail polish yeah
chicken or beef only I said chicken beef
or tequila I'm not really like either
iron relationship do you enjoy
experience that we can corn um okay um
does this look like fun to you yes
okay apparently I'm a male and my mid
season some of these quizzes are just so
silly but sometimes we can't help but
procrastinate sometimes I have deadlines
to do and then like Oh which doesn't
kind of draw my you guys want to know
what's good news leftover rice is good
news because you know that means fried
rice fried rice fried rice all the way
baby fried rice and leftover spa my
lucky day tonight for dinner we are
having a Malaysian a curry and burnt
chicken wing I guess it's kind of like
extra flavor
he's like chasing after the doll because
of a slipper cuz you don't they like it
witch's buddy
hi Hey
see Sambi baby zombie walk
