but look it's not what this whole okay
night attitude won't eat anything it's
not what sits home
okay night but attitude don't eat
anything he has been quite stressful
guys usually I'm pretty patient when I
comes with the dogs and a baby
Isaac is definitely going through
something he just hasn't been sleeping
well in the past two days and he's also
been really Marty which makes sense
usually dogs are pretty good but maybe
because I've been so occupied with Isaac
Damo just pooped everywhere today really
I cleared up pretty quick but some when
I was setting in the bar Isaac Bonnell
must have just pooped everywhere and
usually I usually get it all but today
was like a death trap it was like a
little bit here a little bit there a
little bit there a little bit there it
was after the bath that I stood on it
and then I find out that Isaac had
someone's clothes and his hands so at
the bottom again so it's just a mixture
of different things which I won't bore
you guys with tonight
Isaac is sleep the dogs are behaving so
mommy is going to do a little bit of
therapy retail therapy come to mama you
go to people's homes and have real
flowers that's when you know take up the
crop together but for me I'm not
sophisticated now so I'm looking at silk
flowers you think I don't even look at
clothes guys can you I get excited about
home stuff I would get excited looking
at bins when you get it like
Oh sneaky we may contact you with
details of special promotional offers if
you do not want to receive these offers
please take care
so tick but if you would like to receive
offers from carefully selected parties
please take care
no thanks that's nice time to relax
usually when I come to cereal I really
can Samet one goes soggy but when I
comes to me eating Cheerios the soggy ER
it is the better oh yeah that no
shade eating it okay take it off he's
gonna either gut me it's been another
busy day and I haven't even had a chance
to live my camera today so um is
currently almost eleven should be back
any minute
finally also had chance to edit under
phone while the vlog is exporting I like
to work on and I know I I'm going to be
decorating or me home so I don't know if
the security but for me like I have to
get really visual basically I already
know what I want for our new home so I
don't want to go to store and be like me
which I want I am the type of person
where I like to know what I'm gonna be
for even make little mood boards so I
get like a better idea I kind of like
this color scheme you can see for a
sunroom I'm working with really neutral
colors got the creams and a like pink
but I also have a pop off on peach in
there as you're going to watch in that
have a poor for the dining room the
living room bedroom the guest room you
name it
since nighttime is my relaxed time here
I go again looking at home furniture
like moments like this makes me
appreciate online shopping so much
because I clearly don't have the time to
it it's a dressing table for children so
I'm like this makes me really wanna have
a daughter but then 8250 maybe not oh my
gosh these are so cute I'm trying to
look for my melatonin kind of figured
out why Isaac's been so difficult lately
today I looked at his my son he is
spreading teeth everywhere by both sides
and also up there so no wonder he's so
like irritated I like to go on Etsy a
lot because I like to support the locals
but some of the stuff is so expensive
but so cute I got this Christian and
that's color it's so pretty right okay
guys I'm going to meet you guys to tell
me why children's furniture is so
expensive I saw this house oh my gosh
that's so cute and then I realized that
it comes different parts why is it 25
points for a single door why that
doesn't make any sense a door right here
I'll be back all right
souvenir please got something I mean yes
food go on Oh slippers shared our four
dogs there's 40 dogs Thanks
is this my souvenir
Oh cute I have a feeling the dogs gonna
enjoy this more hey honey a little horse
is the horse because I think one yes
very good
these moved inside sagging Shaw BIP BIP
hey pull this Oh
hanky this guy's gone packing and he's
like are you tell if your if your
underwear is clean or not we made me
realize that I always have the check is
underwear for him to see if it's clean
or not and I am the one that those are
sniffing yep thummell sometimes you just
gotta stop ticking for a team I still
can't believe that ten is still ticking
slippery slope on hotels
I really think his problem right he just
hoards them and this is the bag of
suckers that's been filtered re okay so
there's been a bunch that's been like
vind already let's see how many pairs of
slippers is in this bag
this is after like ten pairs be thrown
away right now we have enough slippers
for one two three four five six thirteen
fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen
seventeen guests
