ring hello
vegan tiny
settled in an uncle yesterday in airport
the spirit was so grim especially in
Europe it's it's supposed to be in high
risk so security was extra high you just
tell that you know people were walking
around the airport mmm
you know just of a heavy heart with the
recent events happening Amy I've just
been especially aware of just how fallen
our world is and just how many people
are suffering and it almost makes me
feel guilty no not at Christmas coming
up and you know I was really hoping to
get into the festive spirit go shopping
but feel guilty for doing this when
there's a lot of people and they really
want us to be safe all they want is a
hot meal that will fill them up all I
want is just to be sheltered and we have
all of these things already
so really puts into perspective what
really matters and I hope that each and
every single one of you guys you know no
matter how I mundane everyday seems you
will just cherish each day they're
having a good day or a bad day each day
is definitely a blessing
well don't be afraid to tell your loved
ones how much they mean to you you know
I think it's really obvious that's you
know life really is fragile and for a
lot of us we may not have a lot of tees
in front of us but as long as we spend
our life doing things that matter to us
and I feel like our life is worthwhile
already tim is sitting at the edge of
the room but he was like this so yeah
back in Hong Kong and we're going to be
here for the next 4 weeks for the first
time ever returning back here this
apartment doesn't feel as a home as it
used to maybe because I just got so used
to living in Northern Ireland
but yeah it's starting to actually feel
real you know how I was telling you guys
that it doesn't feel real that I'm
moving back in four weeks time or
whatever how long it was no it it feels
real and it started to feel real when I
bought my first piece of furniture for
any home cake for a bedtime we're living
on the edge weight we're not even using
Blake we're bad niggers trouble funders
Dom oh and you let him do this huh
I think really Isaac really Tim is in
Malaysia for the next five days so I am
on mummy virtual I think are you having
fun look this is his first piece of art
aside from the Isaac he loves button so
I whipped out an old keyboard for him to
play he needs a toys when they can play
with your makeup are you gonna say that
like he strategically places certain
items and boxes so watch this see he
doesn't like this inside here this one
goes in this box
ah thanks we conceived my child but he's
like oh did it look after
should I really like this song from CPB
it's a part of me killer
parenting they say it's like cleaning up
for a party that you never attended
insomnia little baby I would be tired
throughout the day but then as soon as I
close my eyes my mind goes wide awake
and I got a point I had to open the
windows a drawing like the voices that
sound weird but at night time I have a
lot of voices in my head they're all me
it's like myself telling you shut up sit
in also me telling the voice to shut up
so I go to bed right after exit goes a
bit I go to sleep around ten eleven
because I know it's going to take me
like a long time to sleep and what
happens is I would roll around in bed
for I don't know until like 4:00 a.m.
and then I would start to fall asleep
around 6:00 and then 8 o'clock is my
eyes we mix up craziest thing is I can
still function fine and everything it's
probably been about a week now and you
think I would go crazy but I'm tired by
thing I'm getting used to it it's crazy
no the problem is he loves Watson but he
loves him so much that he gets upset
when we're done with Fournier I think
this is a very last one okay
there's no boy I think oh no more I
think too much of anything isn't good
for you and here's me saying he's so
well behaved I think ring ring hello
