my goodness guys my favorite band Jerry
my teens busted are actually doing a
reunion on days when I came home at
lunchtime I heard us Selena wait out
back guards find out it was not those
bloody Boys concert in my room so many
feels before this was my sister's
bedroom this was my bedroom where I used
to spend so many hours here on his
computer after school on msn listening
to busted daydreaming about the boys
this feels really surreal that ten years
has passed sense and why things have
changed ah from the stream where we were
on this ship of him to hongwol okay okay
so open from this room where I dreamt
that I was on this ship with a lot of
people and assembly to ship one on fire
and the thing that I panicked most of I
wasn't home get the only ever pas thing
I worry most about at that moment was my
memory card getting damaged rather than
my life and I woke up and I was like the
wrong perspective shopping trip with mom
and we have picked our sofa for the
living room I know that I think it's so
modern a bit it's super comfy so excited
I actually really really like this sofa
such a liberating feeling to get
furniture for your home it's my mommy so
cute look at her hair today as well fun
day shopping with my mama Bub's
some friends here at the Twilight market
today so I believe that this event is
really going to start tonight so a lots
of random things we have food wine
tasting hot beverages
Wow this we're just so pretty it needs a
light up back then curly in our friends
so it's your own type work your weights
being was fun I got my sofas and then
and I popped into a new look and I
bought this this is for like a really
thin knitted gray top I thought it will
look really pretty with this kind of
skirt and you guys know the black jacket
that I got mm I saw that it comes in a
ton so I picked up this color as well
wait Isaac got step 2 I got her made
body warmer because sometimes coats just
feel too blunt she's I think I become
fear and one of these I may even wear at
home and because it's getting chilly
here I bought him some bottoms and for
Isaac he likes being comfy so it has to
be a little rocky bottoms and my mom got
him beefs ones these ones are quite cute
PJs so as you can see this fleece so it
should be really cozy
do you guys remember I was telling you
guys about the Christmas hats I bought
the other day well looks like my sister
find better ones
wait imagine getting this as a gift just
wanna show you guys is a emoji
collection that I collaborated with
thumb candy maker instant messaging
extra but people with boats family and
emoji stuff you have the entire bulbous
bow maybe already know jeez you see
cried Isaac um you have sleeping chubby
and lol
um you know smiling so we just have a
bunch of them you may have a tarp face
one it's just something fun we did
together so if you guys are interested
in getting the bubbly motif and I will
link in the description but it's pretty
much just um candid calm slash Bob's
beauty it looks like my hair is my pink
kind of did it differently this time I
use the crazy color and these are
semi-permanent so they wash off in like
12 or 24 washes or something I use a
lavender color and I did differently
this time lavender can look quite cold I
wanted to add like a bit of warmth tip
so I added sort of like this magenta
color to it and this color is actually
very strong so even though I add a
little bit you can see my hair still
keep my pink I'm quite excited to see
how it will fade because the more you
wash it actually I find a nicer to color
is today I uploaded will try to upload a
video and I think it started around 10
a.m. so it is currently 11 p.m. my
download is at 46% believe it or not
this is actually very fast for this
house I'm flying back to Hong Kong
tomorrow so before that I'm having a
David memory and for lunch I'm having
fish pie look at that ooh so it guys
just packing to fly but tomorrow just
figured there's no use bringing these
clothes back to Hong Kong because that
means that I'm gonna have to bring them
back
so my sicut is pretty empty guys after
like 3 full days this vlog might finally
be live and maybe like in a few hours
time but we're a 19-9 person
oh it just notice my hair's a mess the
carrots never take normal speed internet
for granted never ever ever
never never I don't know why but the
connection here is just Wow every time I
come Northern Ireland you guys are like
yay cuz you get to see the rest of my
family but you guys are also like no
because the internet connection is bad
here so some of you guys are worried
that okay we move back we'll do it
opposed be really slow and the answer is
no just because the connection is bad
and my mum's area both of me like
everywhere will be bad cuz it's like any
other place it really just depends on
your area
yeah we just find out about the Paris
shooting which happened two years ago
and it was just in my bedroom
happily browsing the internet shelter
from the rain and just can't even
imagine how it must have felt to be
there and how it must feel to be
affected by this really puts things into
perspective of you know what really
matters in life and that's one of those
moments where you just feel so helpless
because you feel like there's not much
you can do it reminds me that never did
I want to go to bed just taking each day
for granted every night I've laying in
bed I am just so grateful because I
earned another day
