hello everybody its Bub's so today I am
so excited because this video believe it
or not is two years overdue
my bracelets are finally ready and here
after two whole years some of you guys
may have seen already if you follow me
on Instagram I was supposed to keep it a
secret but I just got so excited that I
just couldn't help but to give you guys
a sneak peek and thankfully a lot of you
guys liked it today in this video of
course I'll be showing me the bracelets
that I worked on for two whole years and
the reason it took two years for the
bracelets to come the satellite is
because the first team that I originally
worked with unfortunately they kept
thinking of ways to bring down the
design to limit the costs and at the
time I realized that there was no point
working together when our visions were
different and I honestly didn't want to
give you guys anything less so it was
quite a sad decision but I decided to
step out because there was no point but
I never ever forgot about my sketch but
it was sitting there and collecting dust
but I never ever forgot about it
thankfully my very good friend can
introduce me to a manufacturer that saw
my vision and was able to put it to life
this has always been a childhood dream
of mine and if it wasn't for you guys
this would not be possible and you may
find this weird or corny but these
bracelets were created through the
inspiration of you guys this would not
be possible without you guys supporting
me along the way so I want to thank you
guys for all the encouragement and
support you've given me through the
years even though the beginning I wanted
to create very simple minimalistic
design it gradually went on to me
wanting to create something that's
really special something that's very
dear to you you think you guys as my
inspiration I kind of drifted off from
minimalistic to wanting to make
something very special because you guys
have been so special to me
most likely in my next collection will
be something very simple and dainty but
I wanted my first collection to be
something that
enchantee hence its brand names and
chanted this box is my very own brand
and like I said before it's called
enchanted because I wanted to create
jewelry that will enchant you with its
beauty as you can see the packaging is
very simple it's just a very simple
smooth white matte box and neon the
white box
I wanted the writing to be in gold foil
so it has sort of a fairytale sort of
like I wanted to spend a little bit more
just to have the packaging nicer so we
open the lid there is a peach a velvet
punch where the bracelets are inside on
the peach punch again and chanted the
bronze is written in the front so I
don't know what just I just really like
punches it reminds me of the olden days
where people put their coins inside and
then you know they put it away so I want
to run through the little details of the
bracelet with you guys I'm wearing one
bracelet first as you can see we are
starting off by launching two variation
it's an a rose gold tone to give it more
of a elegant like I did create silver
variations but we may release them in a
future instead this is some love charm
and it's the main essence of the
bracelet and as you can see it's a
cylindrical design and the edges are
interested in tiny little crystals to
give it sparkle and then you'll see it
loved and scripted right in the middle
but also inside the charm is an actual
floating crystal that moves around
freely I would say these bracelets are
sugar spice and everything nice there's
definitely a mixture of elegance and
cuteness to it the bracelets are made
with nickel and lead-free metal at
genuine Swarovski crystals and they are
hand assembled and I honestly can't tell
which one I like more pink variation is
definitely a bit more romantic and girly
while the one with the ayyy aluminum
crystal it's a bit more mysterious the
crystals are genuine Swarovski crystals
and they just done sunshine in the light
I decided to add pearl tip to give it
the elegance but a cuteness and you can
see the pearls alternate from smaller to
big smaller to bake and
we have a cute little heart charm that's
encrusted with little crystals as well I
think the whole bracelet goes really
well secured in a hoop bar clasp and of
course even in the hoop there is sparkle
in it then the bronze is engraved into
plate of course designed by myself I'm
gonna really like it but I think the
whole combination just puts together a
very pretty bracelet but someone who's
never really had experienced design
jewelry hopefully this bracelet will
enchant you speaking of my experience
designing the jewelry the hardest part
was I guess not getting a lot of support
but that was also the best part because
the men that was really free to do
whatever I wanted and it was such a
great experience like I said just
staying up till crazy o'clock sketching
away being able to see that sketch come
to life and to an actual thing is just
amazing so from that I feel very
fulfilled already I'm gonna be honest
with you guys I probably don't know a
lot about jewelry I don't know what's in
I just know what I like every time I
wear it actually I think of you guys we
are going to only launch 1,000 pieces so
only 500 of each I guess I'd afford this
is not in a collaboration with a big
company or anything
I'm sourcing everything myself so if you
take away materials production um
handling shipping I'm honestly not left
with a lot and that's okay this has been
a experiencing something new being able
to learn / being able to achieve a
childhood dream to me even though
financially this is not such a big
project for me money-wise I already feel
like I've succeeded and I'm pretty proud
of myself for being able to have my
design come to realize I don't want to
make this like it's a big deal because
it isn't really
but the bracelets I have been asked to
raise them a higher price but I actually
have it completely because I really
wanted to create something that looks
special but I also wanted to have a
reasonable price for you guys especially
when you guys have been the inspiration
for this piece of jewel
I guess in a nutshell the work and
everything that's been involved for
these two years I I am most likely
underpaid for the salt but experience
that I got designing it and just
everything that I've learned has just
been so remarkable fully my hard work
would pay off way and you know in that
our collection comes out and especially
if you guys do you like it you guys are
interested in buying a bracelet for
yourself or for a loved one I will have
a link in the info box for you guys it's
a little heads up once again there's
only a thousand pieces so I'm so sorry I
wondered if I should actually make a
video if it's money a thousand pieces
but I figured it'll also be nice for me
to look back at this video once again I
want to take this moment to thank you
guys Porges giving me a continuous
support throughout the years effect I've
been doing this for seven years and I'm
still learning really tells me something
thank you so much guys for chilling with
me and I shall see you soon
