share your tattoo where's me though have
to represent she oh why am i a pineapple
cuz you're sweet and you're talking
outside sometimes you're better tea
tim-mah updates me with little videos ah
hi seconds obviously today oh oh they're
really cute together
oh but wait wait look at all that mess
my brother always turns the heating
really high in its cars
I can't stand it because it's like I
feel it is about yours
it's breathing I excited I'm freezing
here in the military we have bad blood
circulation like my hands are always
warm stalemate touch it it's norm
cold-blooded that's why today is another
gloomy day we are going to be licking
that sofas gonna go to Slim's kitchen
what is that anyway so healthy tell me
big please okay we better not be eating
a campus other is getting another tattoo
and I'm gonna be joining him and I'll
say get me get me if you have my name on
your body I'll pay for it you like okay
he's like okay can get Claire in April
as well they know then that's like a
leather no happens if he gets like a
girlfriend and his girlfriend like
Islandia maybe get like a symbol that
represents me what represents me Kurt oh
I'll pay for up here in Europe and your
ball days you've asked him what talk to
it you get just as a joke and this is a
picture he said I should get her to do
up I hope he's joking oh man or it could
be like no Rutger uh-uh
I just notice this look this is not what
I thought it is it's some lovely tattoo
of a child hand holding a thumb oh I did
not get that get this one Ricky just
gonna be like Isaac fans holding your
thumb Yeah right in the wrist as well
pray
take my hand Oh Megan us we're looking
at different taxi ideas and he's like so
he wants to get a big spider web on his
elbow or like a big octopus now like no
you shouldn't get that scary on your
shoulder and they get trying to lick it
in your face actually really want to
make it rise like this is the one that I
got for the sunroom so I like it because
it's big enough it's like um eight
people easily accept I got it in a
lighter fabric anything likes comfy
enough especially because the bottom
bits are mmm it does not the legs so
like it means the kids won't step on it
the kitchen's going to be an area where
people are going to come like um
socialize a lot that means that even
when I'm picking I can talk to everybody
all the guests I would love to have a
fabric sofa but it's just you know with
all the oil coming from the kitchen and
then chubby and dumb ol and children and
Isaac it's just I think it's just more
logical to get leather getting ready for
the new video share your tattoo penguin
is pardoning not fierce enough to party
up a pineapple is good I actually like
it he's gonna get a scary bear with red
eyes where's me though doing episode she
oh why am i a pineapple you're sweet
I'm you're talking outside sometimes you
a lawyer some of you guys have been
saying that Ricky reminds you Justin
Bieber parney your Justin Bieber what do
you mean he actually also has the Bieber
oil tattoo
see we want a site before it just used
to have an oiled my heart so you're
saying that Justin copied you there's
good before I'm okay what do you think
Mia doing some work and she's just
casually sitting next to me between you
and I Mia and this ISIL you're my
favorite doggie oh yes Mielec really
chubby that she looks like you look at
my granny all hardcore food up eating a
lollipop Papa Yama's and Siham didn't
call me at lania Oh miss Isaac Tim
chubby and humble in Hong Kong but I'm
also cherishing my time here at granny
bugs and I have a feeling that when I'm
not here granny spends a lot of her time
just with the dogs every morning you
know I see how happy she gets funny
eater hopefully you know Isaac and I
will have a lot of time ahead of us you
know I'm gonna be able to watch him grow
up and do all that amazing stuff but
never really like to think about this
that my granny is in her 80s and where
she can be heard from miles away and
sure she walked to bake Samoyeds to
depart twice a day however I know that
if I'm lucky I'll probably have a
handful of years left you know to be
with my granny so I don't feel guilty
my granny is just amazing she's always
been a super hero to me she's always
been invincible when we're cleaver and
if there's one word I could describe my
granny it would be selfless I don't know
a lot of selfless people and this earth
I love my granny she holds a very
special place in my heart I have so many
pictures of my granny Bub's holding me
but this one is my granny
the Isaac was really precious to me
mom's back and she bought back a lot of
Steven Ayers like at all accessories so
the one that I took are these ones so
you can see it's like a gem and then the
further back it's like a I don't know it
looks like a light bulb to me with
little sprinkles inside I've never seen
anything like this they'll bring me more
stuff but so it's always really exciting
when mum goes on holiday because she
always brings back like a ton of stuff
for April and I since April's not here I
get dibs Oh flowers on the inside and
this one's pink Alexis she's got them in
every single color my mom is so cool oh
look this one's got mixed stuff inside
and then she brought back like lots of
little clips wow she really would nuts
mom how much did you buy I can open up
like a mini stall here nice one too
that's my favorite I like that my song
mm-hmm nice Powell taking this pear and
eat blue ones in this clip it matches oh
yes who's here whatever
