tell me rookie those Moo have such
pretty hair
we're gonna go fill this video and I'm
going I like them yeah I've burnt my arm
today huh the ones from curling irons
are always the worst have a scar here a
lot of people actually asked about this
one and it was a burn this one I fell
quite badly and another scar um I have
this is also a burn I got this recently
my arms are definitely not my best
feature I have a lot of scars
apparently Momo is back I'm helping my
brother did you do today
you guys remember Momo right from my
bubble city videos and yeah I know a lot
of you guys miss him you want to fun the
truth is I'm just been so busy that I
just haven't been able to you so
hopefully we can keep moving or live on
my brother's channel tell me our D mu
have such pretty hair
wake me this women lobe will change of
hair there's always walk gonna go fill
in this video and I'm going I like this
yeah there we go we run into granny but
you see this ha ha oh yeah yeah
yeah come on oh sorry April
sorry for boring your coat with you and
it'll come unicorn Park where lots of
elderly have walked past and smiled at
me and a very weird but trying to be
friendly way feel terrible a lot of
people come to this park yep a lot of
strange licks from elderly and I don't
look like a creep I'm not going to test
your children so am i really eating an
onion really didn't we Oh me Ricky sign
here I go Jane character ready for one
oh I'm good Oh normal again packing up
my bag I'm neediness two of my
girlfriend's actually they're my
cousin's in time today folks are going
crazy I'm barking like mad of course
naturally my granny tries to calm them
down because there's people sleep in
this house except she's like screaming
at them telling him to shut up so the
dark like democratic it's like
noise over noise oh bird noise hopefully
I'll even be able to do a little bit of
Christmas shopping today it's so
difficult shot in Britain because he
never wants anything but since we are
meeting each in a home and just like a
few months um maybe you can get him
something for his office oh really I'm
really liking this um lip liner it's
from number 7 and it's called lush so
I've been liking this a lot lately so
wearing that oh I don't know if I knew
anyone but who else brings tiger balm I
love them it's because I get quite bad
motion sickness so smelling this helps
me a little bit and sometimes well not
sometimes I get headaches quite a lot so
I usually put it my temple and basically
like a little granny oh I have a bride
Oh rice green in my hair
my jeans are completely wet like back
then a so were these Gator jeans because
they're so Feige and they touch the
floor it would be soaked up all the way
till here even the wisdom like a very
significant thing is change it was like
20 minutes late
what popped and cheese premark and i got
some like Christmas hats not sure if I'm
going to be able to wear all of these
look hopefully I can wear this going to
the Christmas market at wait wait I have
a little elf one I'm gonna force him to
wear this one I'm an elf
wait no really Santa hat wait I have a
little this one is so cute
there was actually a thorn Christmas
tree one that went out like this almost
like this oh so funny that I made my
friend wear it and she looks so funny
wearing it and I was like if I buy this
for you can you please wear it
and she was like okay I think I just
gave her one of those presents where you
get people and they're kind of like
thanks I also picked up the Urban Decay
glide on the pencil and nigga too so my
friend Sonya she wears is a lot in her
flog and her lips look so pretty soaked
I thought I'll give us a tie and then
picked up this sort of like this
straight beef pleather jacket too
comfortable usually leather jackets
aren't the most comfortable things in a
world but this one I feel good in it
totally doesn't match what I'm wearing
at home but I like the shape of it
didn't I just realized I wore my top the
other way round
just asking this curiosity but does
anybody else before they go to bed
trying to crack their bones just spend
ages twisting and turning trying to
crack bones
there we go there we go I have the most
cookie boots I make sure I crack into a
symbol before I sleep or else I would
not sleep well Oh finger wins and my
family to have weak bones anyways good
eye oh my gosh
again we actually had to throw away the
other one and this is the second one max
all right did you do this no it's
definitely a lot Mac me yeah did you do
this did you do this Batgirl
Batgirl we stay matter her when she's
like this
we were actually talking about like
putting a different fabric on it cuz the
leather is quite worn off but the
morning after this happens and he
usually makes this a couple times a year
actually took these leaves from the park
don't my I don't like ya back when you
remove my jaw
huh oh so the reason she dalsu is so it
doesn't stick to the pan
very smart yeah my nephew's great but
and gotten often to my room
