dogs are so guilty they just can't lie
oh my goodness
mom is going to free oh I think it's
pretty obvious who did that yeah he did
that he did that pretty obvious because
this guy is oblivious he's like I'm cool
did you do that Mia that shreds from the
sofa dogs are so guilty they just can't
lie I can't believe I'm in Tim's life to
upload this video we trekked all the way
just to use their connection yesterday
we have to go to Tim we're now Ricky is
off to get a sandwich it's actually
pretty gloomy today but we're off to see
the progress of our home it's been maybe
two months or three months since we last
checked up on the new home so I'm
excited to see the progress this is my
favorite room in the entire house this
is a kitchen and that's you can see it's
connected to a sunroom so it gets plenty
of light and then over there is the
dining area
for the dining table and over here we're
gonna have like an l-shaped kitchen and
an island and then here is the utility
room right here and it goes straight on
to the cloakroom toilet I really love
this room I can't get over I cut window
it's like old doughnut boy will be the
living room and this is the family room
went up the stairs this is one of the
guest bedrooms this will be Isaac's
leave you room this is the master
bedroom
this is the ensuite my good size for
ensuite actually yeah and then over here
is the walk-in wardrobe this is the main
bathroom is the attic room aka the
office so NC gets lots of light this is
Tim's attic aka his have office it's
kind of like my room pretty much the
same okay this is the bathroom from
upstairs I'm gonna kind of make this
like my office toilet so nice and even
see its development so much since last
night
dog there are actually the friendliest
looks I've ever met
they're like giant babies I'm not gonna
try to walk them this time though cuz ya
chubby and dumb oh where to meet them
they would hate the dogs because thermal
entropy are types of dogs that they need
their own boundary if they can talk they
would be like yo back off the thing is
max the boys but as you can as you can
hear his bark is like really
high-pitched whereas me if house the
plane was peeing he say he's in running
shoes and just almost every shoe they're
like sold in a way that feels good to
walk on but actually what happens is it
makes your body forgets you use those
core muscles that you really need to
know these days walking barefoot or
walking in shoes up closest barefoot as
possible it's a new thing these are
pretty much flat take time for my body
to get used to walking so flat but this
will help my body he's all of its proper
muscles and I'm walking you know a lot
of bad pain a lot of problems are
associated to sitting too much I'm
really contemplating for my office to my
new host of just not having a chair and
I'm just going to stand when I work and
supposedly it's so much better for your
health so much better for your back and
everything cuz I've started to get
really bad back pain I'm pretty sure
it's because I said in hunch a lot when
I when I were CLE very common for people
to spend incorrectly so happens this
sometimes people can lean on one side
more and that's really not good for your
alignment so try to stand with equal
weights on both legs and when you're
sanding have them like kind of equal
kind of like hip distance apart so don't
happen like kind of like this lot of
times when people find a thrust their
pelvis for and that's not good for your
back as well because you're putting a
lot of pressure and your spine so keep
your core tight keep it nice and tucked
roll your shoulders back
keep them back when your posture is bad
it actually makes you look taller than
you really are doing these things is
life changing so a lot of times you keep
the exercising and doing all stuff but
if your posture is spot-on your
alignments not right then none of that
helps that's why they say walking is the
best exercise look at them they're so
majestic
yulik reach ransom related a sundress
similar looks like the weather is not
very nice today
hi ever something about this sort of
temp weather I love this smell
that's a nasty Tim if I said has been
looking for me I'm the answer is no and
he seems pretty content even though I'm
really really missing the family it's
been so good just to chill with my my
other family makes me really happy to
see Bernie bugs happy to have me here I
guess I really look forward to seeing
her more often when I come back and it's
just been so productive coming back
every day I get so much done that I end
up getting a lot of free time especially
in the evenings that I don't really know
what to do I bought be sort of like gym
leggings if through day and the ironic
and awkward moments where you buy sweats
use clearly for exercise and you use
them to lounge around with the opposite
of exercise
