I think look look at the shadow right
masseur there's a dog a duck Susan back
back oh I like this one the baby's heart
damn I'm good up right now I'm trying
something slightly different on my
palette I'm using a pink a violet and
two blues
so let's see what we have so I'm just
gonna have fun of it and actually sure
what I'm doing but that's the great
thing about art just like some white
paint on it I own eat it one layer
versus meat eating lots of layers so
just means it looks less like a galaxy
I'm more like a jewel yeah I didn't give
it a try
you look so fluffy
are you ready good a Mama's house was
easy smile she was sorts at all I'm
telling you I think she goes every few
days
which is supposed to be normal for
breastfed baby that way so don't worry
but when she poops
she really poops she just farts a lot
kind of like her brother
I'm burps pretty neat you're doing this
one today I'm gonna try and through
eight geometric art please tape the tape
down and generally and see this is my
heart shape with shaded these parts to
make sure I don't color these parts in
but in general for geometric basically
what you really want is to make sure
it's all in triangles so once that's
done I'm just going to press it down
really firmly and make sure it sticks
really well not by just taking my brush
I'm just gonna soap hot areas a little
bit okay doesn't want to get a nice
clean lines there's just a little bit
enough you don't need a lot and the
water should help my geometric galaxy
four inches bleed a little bit and then
next I'm gonna take a bit of the pink
and then I like cheese yes a cotton pad
and I just sort of press it a little bit
so it creates more of a softer cloudy
look so usually people use kitchen tile
but for some reason this works really
well for me using a cotton pad that's
dumping okay so you don't want to press
everything because some of them I saw
like the darkness in it really cool
thing about doing this is every time you
make it it's always another different
make it all clydie again
mind if I'm part let's try to peel it
mr. bard my tripod that's why I'm having
such a hard time trying to demonstrate
if you will avoid using a tripod but my
let's peel it this is the part
these pencil marks I can either up them
away I've got my white acrylic paint a
stiff brush finishes use a old chip
brush so I've got some paint and then
I'll mix a little bit of water just to
get a good pump system see and I'm just
gonna flick it into my heart now we have
something that looks like this we are
done a super super easy it's so pretty
so usually maintained we sit in this
pink bike let me talk about our favorite
parts of our day I think look look at
the shadow is brightness silver well
there's a dog a duck Kusum like this
flat back rub it isaac rub it is there
outfit ha Isaac down I'm good up oh I
like this on the baby's hand baby yeah
make his own shadows touch the moon
Isaac
all right baby it's time for a bit now
what do you got to say to mommy
today we're making sure like in curry
when first time
yeah what did you fight oh all right
good boy every time before he has to
switch excuse me until I hear it well
done I think lovely miners well using
hollow fresh and if you guys I wonder we
actually pay for the service it just
seems very handy and it gives me a
chance to cook and learn different
dishes just added the green beans just
going to let it simmer for another five
minutes and then we can eat
it's ready hmm even though I'm not even
that hungry but it's just because I
tasted the sauce and it was so good I
think the best thing about curry is the
sauce I don't even care about the
contents a lot of times I just need the
salt really delicious very tasty Isaac
do you like your rice hmm we are
finger-painting today statist a member
go down yeah good let me hold it oh you
need more paint so we made the flowers
just using the bottom of a bottle and
just printed it and he just fingered in
that blue yeah and more good this is
this dangerous territory to be under the
covers when daddy and mommy's here mommy
always farts
for once I'm the one of the long legs
