I really really really really
I got the airport again to pick up our
little sister my little sister anyway oh
we're gonna be really mean we're gonna
pick up April but we're just going to do
a little boat prank on her we're just
gonna like oh she's gonna set that back
obviously and what she talks s we're
just gonna ignore her our plan field we
were going to like act me by ignoring
courage is talking to each other but
turns actually just wants to play her
phone I am going to be giving my little
brother a mega hair makeover but and the
tonight hopefully he will look like a
kpop star oh that's my club small part
start off we are going to have to bleach
Ricky's hair first I want you to hurry
oh we're just going to be in the mid
section just amazing screams we go oh
you like that you're like this would you
learn this
yes jumping off a rope the color in good
morning
I think the greyish purple is a pretty
color but I wasn't really sure if I was
really suiting it since my hair was
kinda purple I thought maybe I want to
try something that looks a little bit
more vivid so yesterday I went to
Sally's and I got the color psycho
semi-permanent hair color in well purple
and I think is this is actually an
electric purple but you can get the
color tamer and depending how much you
add it can actually look like a pastel
like a lavender color but I want to go
between that so this is a finished look
quite like it I think it complements my
face color a lot better than the grey so
I won't forget arrest his hair and scope
for a while before we bleed you for
third time so I can see right now it's
more of a caramel colors but he'd have
had the bleach in this hair for about 20
minutes and are you brushing it lefty hi
scoop
yesterday when he was resting a pair I
pressed my butt on his butt and then I
farted but transparent about it well my
hair stuck to my Zippity hell oh you
sucker gay I'm just too busy to button
this is Ricky's hair so far we're not
trying it yet he actually happens to
like this color all we did was put a
toner on it to remove the yellow tones
hey ash color sibling day they give you
a lot of chips which is hot
going to be our first time carving
pumpkins I think it looks awesome
already even though this is just the top
like it's like a lid oh wait oh wait oh
this is gonna be a while
yeah looks so good guess which one is my
one that we have a Tinkerbell we have a
spider with we have two Toro cop bus and
then what do you call Charlie and Snoopy
and then we have a little kitty usually
I don't enjoy Halloween very much just
growing up it wasn't I was more scared
of it than anything so this is like one
of the most fun Halloween nights we've
ever had on Instagram I was asking you
guys guess which ones me and a lot of
you guys are guessing this one also
known as the dog and a baby
aka Domo and Isaac but the one I did
actually just the Tinkerbell one
the winner is snippy and Charlie pick by
the birthday boy
well done it bro yay I'm not joking you
guys it's taken me three days upload
this and it's on 42% a thousand and
seventy eight minutes to go
77 now another love love staying at my
family's home but the internet
connection in this area is just don't
know if you guys can tell but this
string is pretty dirty you see it's kind
of murky so I'm gonna try to use this to
clean my rink
squeezing 10,000 jobs five six seven
eight nine ten my rings and header
scripts and then I just script this
because sometimes you know like what
hand creams and stuff I really gets into
the rings also so I'm with this ring we
can actually get it cleaned at Tiffany's
and for free for a lifetime but
sometimes I feel bad going in and she
when I'm not buying anything I don't
know why I'm scared I'll bother them so
nice I can clean my own ring lookee it's
all clean again it's not smirking as she
could see wow my granny decided to use
bleach to clean one cup I think I had
tea stains on it and out of all the cups
I grabbed that one that was bleach and
she must not have washed the bleach off
properly because I was drinking the
water and then halfway drinking it I
realized I tasted a bleach and I thought
I'd be okay
threw up violently constantly and it was
really really gross so obviously she
didn't mean it and I feel a bit bad
because I wasted the kanji and - I think
she feels guilty so you know she's like
she told me show any bleach one but as
you can see a lot of them are getting
rinsed I forgot high productive you can
be by yourself and getting stuff done so
quickly that I
know what to do this very time they live
when your hair is greasy and fuzzy
French braid never felt Eve morning a
nice to do a little bit of walking I
never walk in Hong Kong just oh look at
this is a sofa that I'm looking at I
think it's really pretty it's very
comfortable I think last year we made
the mistake of getting like just with a
really pretty but not so comfortable
sofa pretty right and you get in
different fabrics uh traffic
