one day come here yesterday we meet
strawberry honey and the French roll up
today we're going to try with peanut
butter and banana
time for me to get my hair redone again
my hair just faded a lot when I was in
Turkey I must have been a combination of
me using Hotel shampoos I know it's
really about of me and also the thermal
spring waters oh I like already
oh my sickness ha ha hey we're going
straight the business as you can see the
whole salon is empty right because today
they're supposed to be closed but
because this is sort of like an
emergency case because I'm flying
tomorrow
hey Fitz be in so right on I've been
getting my hair bleached and this would
be the third time in total last time we
did two times and then today for getting
at least one whoa it looks like a lilac
color looks pretty this bookstore has
three floors guys I'm having such a
blast here depending on the light
sometimes it looks a little bit more
gray sometimes it looks a little bit
more purple but this is something that
I've never had before I kind of just
stopped in the chair and I tell Oliver
look I'm okay with anything so I'm just
gonna let you decide initially I tend to
go for too warm tones because I find it
assist me best took a day or two for me
to grow into my hair color and I think
because I just have to get the makeup
right as well with this hair color I
noticed that you have to wear more of a
bolder lip or else you'll like a little
bit tired you can see it depending on
the lighting it sometimes looks more
purple and then sometimes it looks more
gray and I'm not
apparently mini-burgers I want to say
thank you I know who this is from
hurry these look like personalized
passport covers so this one have Isaac
name on it my name is Tim so we can all
match so pretty
be brave be bold words to inspire inside
has a lot of inspirational quotes one
says never give up for that is just a
place and time that the tide will turn
chief mascara cucumber and watermelon
asparagus and broccoli these are
different they're usually we have like a
little mini mega egg a travel pipe oh I
love this this is so cute is chubby and
Dumbo hope your game of your family in
Hong Kong here's a little happy gift
from me to you I know it's not very well
stitch sorry about it no way this looks
amazing enough these are perfect I miss
you guys so much what a coincidence what
do you guys think I think it's for human
and sometimes people say oh he should be
walking or he should be walking and I
should be talking but you know I'm not
worried I think he's eventually Oh what
ah she's a mother he has walked a few
steps he knows understand but Franco he
feel more comfortable and confident and
crawling he will be walking and he will
be talking and he'll be dancing and
driving and doing stuff that I don't
want to think about yet but what I mean
is what I care more about know is that
Sonny I care more about him growing up
in a loving environment I care more
about him growing up with manners um
being kind respectful and loving miss
you guys
gonna give me kiss
what you doing
Oh aren't you mr. bad guy hey Bay Bay
Bay um okay nice to meet you too
oh he's totally pulling her for her you
gonna cast your Isaac when I'm gone
Chubby's if I have a class time with the
dog and the happy prepare to be amazed
if you're not prepared to see lots of
blackheads diverting your attention I
can see them all with life you have more
fun than I think oddly satisfying okay
the best part is always the tip of the
nose what do you think of my knee here I
love it
my nose out your mercy so I'll wait I'm
actually really jealous because my
blackhead strips never look like this
back in Northern Ireland slightly mom
died a little homesick I feel like I
have left like a chunk of my heart in
Hong Kong
Juli ie I don't really take in judgments
so much but maybe because I was feeling
quite blue how about leaving the family
for two weeks I was more sensitive to
being judged yeah you guys are right I
don't need to justify myself my little
sister is actually our vibing today so
my brother and I can have a lunch and
then I'm gonna die of hair and then
we're crab pick up our sister and then
hopefully get some like sibling bonding
time later head of luck
want to go grab some lunch I feel better
be you and my brother because I was a
little a little homesick about being
away in and I do feel guilty
hey brother loves me so much and this is
how he proved his love you one day one
day come here
