internet Wi-Fi here that is a prettiest
guy ever here it's like they have
different jacuzzis not as one big pool
time they get you dressed for another
busy day tomorrow
I loved energy in Istanbul which was
busy and vibrant but Deniz Lee it was
quiet and peaceful and air-filled fresh
for healing and looks like snow mites in
doesn't it
welcome to Helia police an Incan city
located in hot springs thousands of
years ago this used to be a thriving
community today it's all wounds
I love this I'm just trying to imagine
what it was like here 2,000 years ago
can you imagine the minds of people who
sat in this theater thousands of years
ago one of the Apostles Philip is
actually buried up there all right what
I've been looking most forward to let's
check out the hot springs you're
wondering why it's white it's because of
the calcium deposits there's actually a
lot of calcium in the water so good ah
some parts of the floor is a little
rough so for the first time we're like
it feels so good to wear shoes makes you
think every day we approaching the
archaeological here at hooli Museum oh I
like the Sun the sun's like what is life
this is from the Bronze Age looks pretty
intricate actually the currency from
back then actually it doesn't look that
much different to the currency we have
today right if there was I think you get
all the chicks literally over here like
an ancient graveyard after walking and
seeing graves we're nice we reran are
stuck with no transport i no shade
we're gonna die here
this is a northern roman gate legend has
it that Clara Patra queen Cleopatra back
then was losing her looks she sent
soldiers foreign wine liquor special
healing water they fought back to water
from here and she noticed that made her
more beautiful you can see the ancient
Romans are still here
famously really the Kree thought it
would be a good idea for me to try this
miracle water so I did let me filling up
cleopatra's pool water tried and me okay
so we'll do what I imagined it would
taste like but it makes sense and
there's full of minerals and calcium the
face no wonder they call it their cotton
castle because I look so fluffy
check your penis further carpet actually
quite well more before their check
spells so of course we're gonna come
here today to check out hi they are some
of the women working there are probably
twice my age and yet their hand and eye
coordination is amazing
did I mention that they work row by row
it takes three years to three years to
complete the carpet I had to get carpets
completely differently nice not only are
the carpets meant to be very intricate
they actually do a double knot rather
than one it takes longer but the quality
is much better a lot of the carbon
dollars yep you did not hear wrong this
is worth $200,000 liquor intricate is on
the side so you imagine how many knots
of meat in this piece of art since
popular but then wait wait night to
laude can this was another very wealthy
city but because I got struck by so many
earthquakes eventually it got abandoned
this city actually had one of the seven
churches
I was mentioned in the Book of
Revelations
I bet lots and lots and lots of people
walked up this temple back then
it truly felt like I went back in time
keep mining last night after a
jam-packed day I went out into the
thermal water and I was so good guys
it's where I woke up my skin it was I
guess a little chilly in the morning I
reckon it's gonna be nice if dip
defeated you'd actually see the steam
coming out so this stuff is hot not a
bad way to start a morning right feet in
a hot spring and a beautiful keep this
restaurant is within seven hundred year
old building he's so cute he's only two
weeks old we're ready to go park
lighting the closest I'll ever be to
flying
by the waterfalls of Martinez very nice
you would think fish with cheese and
tomatoes is a weird combo but this is
delicious guys look I blew the water is
our last thing to do is to catch the
sunset and then easy we made it in time
beautiful gorgeous sunsets of course I'm
gonna miss my dear friends and then this
trip under delicious food we have been
anticipating this lunch
supposedly it's pretty great oh my gosh
this may be the coolest lines I've ever
seen ooh oh my goodness does that do
Antony is that mirror yes that's not a
marathoner are you serious
that is a cinema room in there guys what
the all the food you can have fresh ume
in play like a virtual pudding thing why
do they give you such a fast car
sort of lying has a lift the knees
looking for the Charmin Oh sweaty
somewhere take a shower
they're all the business lounges that
we've been to usually just give you like
some tea and some some wages and here
there's different cuisines I got chicken
soup and Turkish sheets
so this is when Tim decides to Club all
of that food that I missed man I miss my
last cup of tea as well they want to say
a big thank you to Turkish Airlines and
Turkey home for such a memorable trip I
used to think Turkey is all about the
social nightlife but it's way more than
that it's got lots of heritage that
cultures amazing people are wonderful a
food is delicious lots of sea it's been
such a great adventure I hope you guys
enjoyed following Tim and I to Turkey
for now it's back to reality if you guys
would like to see more of Turkey and
don't forget to check out my friends
videos to check out what they got up to
you
