where's the burn we're gonna grab some
breakfast
yeah Italy and bringing outside so it's
quite nice to have a hearty soup so good
sitting here enjoying my breakfast and
looking outside just watching the rain
smells like when was the last time we
just got the sip of wafer a fit well
looking at the rain a long time makes us
really miss Isaac though if he were here
he'd be crawling over the table and just
trying to grab everything
oh yeah hey you guys know Tim I think we
have to look for sweet and easy like a
sign that rain heading out the umbrella
the wife is fine something
there's a Krispy Kreme there so don't
knock yourself like purchases I got this
trench coat you guys know because it's
quite wet I got something along which is
just a pair of jeggings got NARS sheer
glow foundation and the creamy concealer
they're great and then I'm finally gonna
try this glam glow super mud supposedly
is really great since my friend Yan I
like this mask already loved it was sexy
super mud clearing treatment so
supposedly this is great for clearing
out the skin no the world's most
scientifically advanced clearing
treatment to target prevent unhealed
problems begin revealing a pore matrix
of extraction dots and areas ready to be
wash away so you might see like little
patches on my skin later this is how it
looks after 50 minutes of my nose oh I'm
actually quite mesmera is right now I'm
just doing some ironing while I watch
some vlogs and his clothes are always so
really while I was catching up doing
some work Tim decided to go heart
shopping not only that he bring home
grub a party he brought a little
souvenir to Isaac I moustachio Chris oh
that's so cute it's adorable
obviously I mean indeed love our onesies
what do we he's a baby he doesn't care
about looking at this Oh
Keep Calm and make some noise something
he's already very good at it hmm I don't
know for a fellow user on the public
computer I'm here with Sammy
we just thought of one thing he's gonna
teach me to say something in German and
I'm going to try to ever make you Samia
oh my god that's my name is famine okay
awesome thank you
this is the fun part right how do you
say hello in German again it's so much
food and what's really nice is for
overseas
check it those giant balls we have a
whole lot of cannons here
you guys easy I'm exactly 150 they'd
rather eat it from the floor than from
your hand
that's how it for us he's gonna be the
sucker
you notice that this let's go ahead fit
wait wait wait I'm not okay we know why
basically even though the lighting
here's my fairy flying but my skin yep
you know amazing today we noticed
there's a lot of cats wherever we go
pretty I wish I can like buy it wanna
bring back I'm so scared I will shatter
died strolling Sami
even when Sammy Satara me my neck hurt
Livan is going to prepare the pickle
but it's busy there's lots of people
queuing for it to pass to me does she
have a name
yes Turkish Airlines lucky one over
there are the f2 boys British represent
see like I get to touch one of their
bowls
