night lights here for you to be a
reading and if I don't want to talk to
him or he bugs me that I'm just like
fishing over
yeah give a little card basically kind
of defiling water breakfast
reproduce that's good
can't believe this guy actually what's
it really cause you guys know Tim and I
every time we fly together we'd place
bets he ever Sookie comes first when
applause in Hong Kong dollars
here we go
looks like we're here er catching a boat
to the restaurant
oh sorry 1875 correction and this used
to be a factory understood ready to head
back home the weather is good today we
are going to be experiencing an take
Turkish breath plan a speech and a guy
team while we have our breakfast
apparently more is coming save it Tim
earlier it's so cold like your teeth
they have it in these kind of looks like
a mini buzz cheese get in my belly just
looks like mozzarella cheese maybe honey
you may think cheese of honey and sugar
would be a really weird combo but this
really works
I like there's a lot of stuff usually I
get quite bored of eating the same thing
so it means I can nibble a little bit of
something and then move on to something
and there's always
something new to try Turkish breakfast
is pretty freaking flavors consisting of
a lot of cheese um and bread turkey is
actually split between two continents so
right now we are in the European side
over there you see that is still Turkey
but believe it or not and that is in the
Asian side
that's incredible amazing we're
currently in order to go and it's
actually a pretty popular tourist
destination in the weekends that gets
very lively where all the markets come
on I get one but I think to these born
in years before now that we're getting a
house soon fish when I travel I want to
bring a little piece of that country
back with me robux you entered is very
pretty possibilities
I cover their heads I already see a
chandelier in their DC yes is it just me
or does the inside of this mosque remind
anybody off be enemies Sally I wasn't as
graceful feeding the pigeons as I
imagined we are about to enter into the
Grand Bazaar and supposedly is one of
the biggest closed market in the world
with four thousand swords and 61 Street
you should get this one
I don't need Google my wife knows
everything we've been seeing this sort
of blue disk everywhere and turns out
it's actually called the Evo I suppose
really it seems a little bit about luck
and also to protect you from people the
envy
sometimes people just have them small in
the form of a keyring I can spend so
long just like you're not always up and
you imagine serving this
that's all right that's right an almost
glass but check out these ones this is a
blue mosque even if I'm here it doesn't
look blue you guys will see you why it's
the Blue Mosque
Wow this just blew me away
that's why it's got the blue mosque
because the tiles are glued after a fun
day exploring the markets and mosques
it's time to oversee a city of Istanbul
a night the view is different but still
very beautiful
every morning Tim would use a public
computer to check his emails so I would
just leave a little note for the next
user to remind myself about me my my
neck hurts I'm exploring the streets for
a meeting a cuckoo clock
there were industry where they sell a
lot of antiques so what you buy
everything here
it goes from this to find an adidas bike
this shop specializes in pickle not just
we're all so easy to find her appetizing
meat pie up Harley it is very good
according according to this guy so we're
on the youth pirates we've got gherkins
sunburn coverage and awesome tomato
little city
like for more of a person we need this
like bathrooms
you want your supervisor they gonna like
what it is comput it's easy and I
compared to these ones it's okay okay
maybe I'm not that helpful in the
kitchen but eating part I'm doing you
won't even able to drink the liquid part
and leave the frothy different parts
behind to /super is this very thick
residue at the end yeah but be careful
okay so you have to do really quick yeah
yeah already see and then what we're
told to do is let it cool down
completely but we don't turn it over the
fortune-teller is supposed to read it
for us
some people do for fun some people are
serious about it now I believe that I
don't need my fortune told
so I'm just gonna flip it over to see
what it looks like inside I believe that
as long as I think my future will only
be hopeful this place is interesting
because it's actually done by a food
archeologists giving it a modern twist
so we can actually die in like Sultan's
the next day we hit your powers to find
out our next destinations and Turkey
but I'm here to disagree apparently all
the important people stay here
from JLo to Oprah not it's kind enough
to come easy for a new adventure
