QG mom scared that when Isaac grows up
he's gonna look like this guy
after the springs I got a massage I know
so good man I joined Tim and we did a
little bit of last-minute souveneir so
much cheaper to get it in local places
than in the big tourist areas which is
expected
Barca home Isaac oh then hamster cheeks
look at that hold enough on the back so
let me go
what should we eat what should we eat
everything was good I think I might go
for a seared salmon get those omega oils
you know winter is coming when you need
glue starts dishing out the ball mobile
jackets it's a memorable jacket waiting
for ball mobile jacket it's a former
Georgian bomber jacket the Balmoral
jacket why do you have two stickers on
your face okay where was I oh yeah good
answer anything
my team got like 12 Kate she was video
cheese Cherie buddy Pete it keeps doing
this as well is medium sweet my mom has
noticed as well lately so she called me
it she was like it's because when you
were pregnant
Tim kept pulling that stupid tart face
she's like I'm serious that's what
happened got back on track a few days
ago so I just spent it catching up on
work catching up on a lot of me meals
it's already near the end of October and
we're flying back to UK and left
mid-december so we only really have a
month and a half here in Hong Kong and
I'm not our note I am flying to the UK
in just a week or so and I'll be there
in a few weeks and I don't even have
time to just sit and think about it
never mind to talk about it and the
reason I have to go back is I have a lot
of stuff to sort out for a new house
she's got a lot of stuff sign I've got
to pick up some stuff for some of our
properties over there so unfortunately
as much as I want him to do instead I
have to be the one to fly back I I don't
want to be away from Isaac for two weeks
and we were away from him for like a
whole week already
hopefully I guess
spend lots of time with my dog one there
I just want to spend as much time with
the dogs and Isaac Farah as possible I
know like it's only two weeks but to me
it's a lot here it took a few steps the
other day so what if he fully walks or
by me now walking ecomony comes back
okay started looking around the house
just thinking of stuff to bring back and
honestly there's not a lot of stuff that
I II I feel like I really want to break
that aside from some like photo frames
some photo albums some cookbooks today
we receive some not-so-good news in
terms of I guess hmm financial wise I
know in the end everything will be okay
is to take my mind off things I cooked
and tonight I'm making meatballs you
look forward to decorating you know I
hit that girl I'm really looking forward
to my give me I've given him access to
one room only which is the swimming room
like office Citian is your what office
Finnegan bachelor pad
yeah that's I work three you know hi
lately Isaac keeps like biting his lower
lip
mom scared that one Isaac Grosso if he's
gonna look like this noise I love her
every time I changed my new duvets
they're the ones who get the test at art
first did you have more come here
finally reading this book from my best
friend was my first Chicken Soup for the
Soul book and this is a Parenthood
version one funny thing with them when I
first read like the first two chapters I
was pregnant and this really depressed
me like so much I remember actually
crying after reading like two chapters
but now I'm reading this like a year
after having Isaac end
this makes me smile you remind me that
life is all about food all my sleep my
family laughter ah and you remind me
that life is not you all the way
sometimes you'll get bummed out a little
bit can't believe that I just pretty
much have like a month and a half in
Hong Kong until I gonna be moved back
crazy so attached lately oh yeah oh yeah
yeah nice to meet you Gucci make the
links here hi hi hi yeah yeah I finally
got snapchat
after you guys telling me to get it for
so long that sub beauty was taken so I'm
called the real pub so far I'm kind of
really just using this to wash makeup in
Kies drunken antics
okay I'm going there's quite a lot of
stuff to look into wallpaper or paint
tile or cladding Oh selling some mutters
quite a lot to sing about and he looks
like oh we should get like wallpaper you
know get some like the borders or you
can put in the middle and I was like do
you mean something like this you guys
what I'm talking about right no like
it's a nice Terrace I'm moving there
except the wall have different colors be
when was the last time you went to
someone's home where they had this this
is my home please help this the bottom
will cover different colors and I go
piece of walking through it by anymore
yes honey everybody in it 80 had that
you can get that for your for your
bachelor pub what's up with the I don't
what you call these again quotation
marks
