hey everybody its bubb's welcome to
another episode of ask bubs today's
questions are submitted through Twitter
and Facebook noise let's get cracking
first question do you know how to drive
and the answer is yes yes I do know how
to drive I actually got my license and I
was 21 or 22 I learned in manual so I
think you guys call it handling the
stick even I always send the passenger
side in Hong Kong is I'm I'm quite
scared to drive noise especially in Hong
Kong
lot of people in Hong Kong drive bad
there's a lot of really good drivers
here but in the UK I feel like they're
more courteous of course I haven't
driven in years so it makes me a bit
nervous to drive in Hong Kong was Isaac
in the car
what's your thoughts on the rise of
youtubers getting plastic surgery these
days I have new thoughts um I'm quick
answer this question am I am I supposed
to have any I believe these people
thought about it carefully on what they
wanted to do and if it's what they want
to do you know good for them that's
totally fine it's none of my business
you could have someone who has had zero
cosmetic surgery they'll be fakes just
from purely gossipy and judgmental
versus someone who has had cosmetic
surgery but
one who's honest and a genuine person
this question was thumbs up a lot honest
but why do you maintain your
relationship with Tim for such a long
time even after high school it's
definitely a combination of how willing
we are to make things work and how
willing you are to compromise so it's
all about Europe well parts and
relationships you never just conquer and
that's it there's always new challenges
because as people we always continue to
grow and because we change it means that
relationships can certainly change M&IE
pretty much grew up together I met that
guy when I was 16 so we kept growing
along the way we kept experiencing
changes and we kept learning new things
about each other of course
relationships can be very very hard and
I don't want you guys to think Tim and I
we have the perfect relationship because
it doesn't exist because there's no such
thing as perfect people so therefore
there's no such thing as a perfect
relationship through the 12 years
together we have reasons not to be
gether but the thing was we find reasons
to stay together all about your mindset
on what love is love is when you put
your pride aside when you stopping mio
what this person should be doing for me
and you start thinking of what you can
do for the other person instead what Tim
and I first stated it was so easy for
the first few years those parks and
butterflies and it gradually transition
to more of a real heartbreaking
difficult but growing freakin loves you
love someone
because state is earth your love but
more off you just love them because you
love this ships do change over time and
we're not as spontaneous or things are
not exciting us used to be but it has
evolved into more of a stable love and
now he is family to me so I would take a
ground breaking love any day - sparks
spec engines burn art in days months I
guess that's just my sense we were able
to overcome a lot of bumps along the way
and I'm not just talking about little
blips we overcame some really really big
fake bomb day we're still learning and
this thing called love and this thing
called Mirage and we just focus on doing
what we can do for the other person
really popular in high school no I was
not popular I was kind of I was kind of
a nobody and in the first few years I
certainly tried to be at somebody I
guess somewhere along the way I just got
fed up trying to be anybody but myself
and I had my eyes on the prize and I got
my priorities right you know I clicked
in my mind that's okay I'm in school for
me to prepare before the future how
about being popular is the bad thing I'm
just saying that it shouldn't be your
highest priority or your biggest concern
because any today we're in school to be
educated believe it or not there is
something called life after high school
I'm trying to say this behind it signing
back but some of the really horrible
mean people at my school who were
popular at that time right now they're
not doing that great
it won't need a dedicated more other
time study or do things that mattered
the you know wouldn't be high they are
today the world is so much bigger than
high school and I know right now in high
school is your waffle trained high but
keep your eyes on the prize
promise you I promise you a few years
from now you will not regret it
what friends character do you relate to
the blows I feel like I'm a mixture of
all of them I feel like a very random
like baby I can be very sarcastic I like
Chandler I think the friends character
that I could relate to the most is Ross
Ross is really into geology and believe
it or not I'm really intuitive what else
we're both nervous we're really into
watching documentaries and he's a
hopeless romantic so I feel like if I
were to date any of the three characters
or friends it would be Ross Ross is
actually my favorite character at a
friend's you find it difficult to find
content to fill in for your vlogs not at
all actually it's pretty much the
opposite I would sometimes struggle to
find content for my main channel books
Beauty but for my vlog channel it's
actually really easy things my life
I feel is pretty mundane I don't really
get up too much but for whatever reason
some of you guys just you know find it
to be different but it's not really what
are your views on abortion whoa I can
only speak for myself obviously you know
not I'm a mom and everything especially
I'm always going to be pro-life and I
remember what it was like to go to my
first scan at four and a half weeks and
I saw that little heartbeat it's hard I
mean this is just my insight honest and
obviously I know there are certain
circumstances like medical reasons or
race where you know a lot of times the
birth can't come through I'm not here to
judge anybody
what I'm saying is for women who choose
to have the baby I'll support for women
who have had an abortion because of
whatever reason I understand and I'm not
here to judge anyone for the children
who weren't able to be born into the
world for whatever reason I believe that
they are taken care off do you think
it's really possible to be a mom wife
and businesswoman all at once how do you
manage your weekly schedule I don't have
a weekly schedule because every week
it's different is it possible I think it
can be possible it can be very very hard
I love being home free but I realized
that I can't be good at all three at the
same time certainly all about finding
balance and today I realized that I
certainly don't want to sacrifice family
time for work anymore I really love
being able to stay creative and turning
ideas into reality what makes it really
difficult is we really didn't get much
help in the first year of Isaac's life
it was pretty much as Tim and I our
parents lived across the world I just
remember being very stressed and it's
very difficult for us mentally and
physically it was also very fortunate
was we could hire a cleaner to come
clean our apartment once a week and that
makes a huge difference that has cut on
a lot of my time on chores and every day
I just do a little bit of sweeping a bit
of dusting if you get help it'll be a
lot easier so thankfully Tim's parents
now I help to look after Isaac about
once a week I'm making you buy one to
two hours and that makes a big
difference so I could concentrate on do
work or Tim and I we can get some
quality time together there is no secret
formula when it comes to trying to
balance out the three every so often I
kinda have like a mini breakdown but I
always knock myself out of it and I
worrying about things doesn't change
anything and I feel blessed to be
stressed and I just take it as I get the
best of all worlds and I'm really
thankful for everything but you know my
family will always be my first priority
when you intend to fight or argue by
something how do you resolve it we
apologize we're not the type of people
who you know we do something and we kind
of just let it be sight until like it
kind of dies down I've always felt like
pride the price is too high to pay sorry
is an amazing word you know I could be
furious but as soon as Tim says sorry
my eyes just soften and - my my cold
stone of heart just starts to like feel
talks again we we try not to argue
instead we try to just talk usually I
try to say it in the way that doesn't
sign hateful or judgmental and Tim would
try his best to not be defensive I know
just try to be understanding
afterwards we always always pray
together for a change in our heart and
you know we pray that whatever it is
that upset each other that we will work
on it and that's you know we can move on
from the ordeal if you were not a
youtuber what kind of job would you I'd
like to do even mentions before but I
think I would really love to teach arts
being in a job where I can watch these
children really express themselves and I
would love to be in a job where I'm able
to get my hands dirty all the time
when are you going to go to see the
schools that have been built or being
built I will be flying to layoffs in
January and over there I'll be
overseeing the process of them building
the school I might even be able to help
build some of the stuff as well so I'm
really excited it's definitely gonna be
a journey of a lifetime and I really
look forward to reporting back to you
guys and of course meeting the children
at what point did you know flogging was
right for you when I was pregnant that's
when I really realized I really loved
what I realized was I feel like a lot of
you guys started to prepare watching
vlogs and I've always loved and
flogging was easy
while gating felt natural especially now
with music I don't have as much time to
film and edit the way I used to
sometimes if I just want to express
myself I can do it right away
it's not just because it's easy it's
largely because you know I feels like
I'm in no relationships with you guys
and it's been a journey read letters
from a lot of you guys and a lot of your
stories have really inspired me so I
think it'd be very personal as well
because you know you're inviting someone
into your life and your ship and you're
sharing a lot of precious moments I have
a lot to think you guys because you guys
have just made it really amazing to me
and I have the most pride in my
subscribers or my viewers I he was asked
me a question you can comment below or
tweet me hash tags up folks I hope you
enjoyed chilling with me thank you so
much for watching and I shall seize it
