simplice is telling me that when he was
younger yet seven wives named your seven
wives anytime I eat something nice hey
honey honey yeah time to clean this so
what happens is Isaac's crib is like
this and a little monster learnt that
this opens and when we put him for a
snap and even though he's tired and he
needs enough but he doesn't want a nap
he throws it had him and all the clothes
he throws him like this so we come in
there's like clothes everywhere today
when Isaac was nothing Tim and I spent
some time to just chat and I really hit
us that it's already October and in just
two months time we're flying back to
Northern Ireland and for me it could
possibly be forget what I said we're
good I mean like spending the majority
of my time in UK is Hong Kong and it's
so weird it just doesn't feel like we're
moving soon I haven't been preparing to
move stuff over yet just because we
haven't really had the time I really
wonder what the progress of our new home
looks like I haven't even properly
started looking at what color to paint
the walls if we're going for tile or
wooden floorboards for a kitchen and I
haven't thought about anything it just
doesn't feel real maybe because like
whipping in Hong Kong well all of this
is happening but I think when we go back
in December it's going to
feel more real the house is scheduled to
be complete in February by being two
months I'm itching wasn't a lot but I
think T months it's got a good time for
us to start I love that he has one
monolid I'm one double lid you get the
best of both worlds
okay okay I'm inside just rush to get
stuff done before heading I be good
today I will be coloring my hair salmaah
shirt what I'm gonna do so I'm just
going to ask the hair stylist if he has
any suggestions what is the racket my
entire head is getting reached I'm right
nervous
feel like a cartoon character or perhaps
animators endless is telling me that my
name is doctor yet seven why's he legit
called him his wifey and I'm like
whatever makes you feel cool name your
seven wives when I was in Northern
Ireland
I bought these a bunch of like Calvin
Klein panties back on you by the mobile
pants what a boxes are really careful
Katie you snake bit my butt are you are
your small public a bud Club are you
functional so what happened was
obviously we're staying at Mom's hi
Aunty and uncle came to visit so what
happened was down a lot of our laundry
got mixed and my Calvin Klein and my
disappeared are you saying my family are
deep no I'm the high yeah what do you
mind I was gonna back each day with
Serta has oh you know has the laundry
been done and there yeah yeah I said let
it go as far but he keeps saying you
should ask my auntie if she took your
punished you can't I can
I think would you guys I don't know I
think it's awkward to ask like you know
family member hey did you steal my pants
accidentally okay you guys wonder where
they are
a common question I get asked in clubs
you ever feel awkward clapping because
the people are staring
and in general we don't care we're here
in LA made where they make very weird
flavors of ice cream yogurt sounds nice
yeast fan 80 quid on pants because I we
were talking about Calvin Klein so you
thought it'd be okay to buy more oh man
so much thank you
the puzzle over 500
yes how many by like 50 how is your ice
cream
it looks like banana phone and I
selected this guy building a
three-member because I'm worried yeah
she was gonna melt you took so long it
did sound pretty good since cold he
forgot to bring a jacket
so using deny D that I've just bought as
a scarf
it's a Friday my gosh that was such a
good buy you go well with my is because
I'll have flavored mines you really good
baby
this really good I want that we have a
Timmy relieved always you would have
been 100 make sure many people say make
up to me everyone to tell me so this is
my my repair as you can see really
really like it I think it really matches
my skin tone actually that was quite
nervous because I like the idea having
color I wasn't prepared to go like pink
or purple right away so actually have
hints of violet in this and this brine
that I have it has a pinky purple
undertone food this is actually supposed
to be a transition color and I like it I
like it a lot I didn't ask him to darken
the top so it means that some when my
hair grows it won't be obvious but I
think next time I do it I'm just going
to have the top light like this rather
than like this this has also been my
full makeup ends I've been wearing it a
lot lately
so what tutorial is also coming up very
quick for it so stay tuned guys yes the
Sun is finally out now I can go go do
laundry outside
