I have literally never been this nervous
to meet every people butterflies all
right I'm feeling work home hi everybody
it's bubs not last year I spent most of
my time in this very office beavering
away scratching my head searching my
heart and soul to work on something
that's just super special to me
something I'm always always what did it
do ever since I was a little girl
so my gujhiya family I would love to
introduce you guys my new baby not an
actual baby but a book that I gave birth
to with my mind but I am so excited to
introduce to you guys my new book A
Beautiful Mind a beautiful life the bub
skies have been unstoppable they said
here's the date holding this very book
I'm I'm someone disbelief in fact I only
receive the books yesterday even though
the copy that I'm holding is the
advanced reader copy which means it is
not even the final and it just feels so
surreal to have it in my very hands
something that I've just been working so
hard on are you kidding me a published
author no but yes really yes since I got
these books yesterday I've been starting
a lot of my sentences with as a serious
writer as a serious writer I think we
should buy the chicken thighs quite a
tight with the exception of my two
beautiful children this book along with
being able to build schools of you guys
is the most challenging yet most
rewarding thing I've ever done in my
youtube career listed here today was
this very book in my own hands I'm just
so in all with just how far we have come
together
so did he has promised I'm going to be
giving you guys an insider inside my
book so let's get dive together I know
that
but has definitely made me a better and
happier person with all my heart I hope
I will do the same for you guys as well
of course isn't my prayers that you guys
enjoy reading this as much as I did
writing it no joke before I even started
to write this book I realized that movie
money is the easiest type of money to
probably earn on YouTube simple sponsor
video will probably earn much more
yeah the publishing world and the
beautiful is very different so I was
just so prepared to know that you know
money wise it's probably most likely not
going to bring me as much as my other
projects it's just been such an honor
being able to write this book and since
you guys have done so so much for me
this is my way to return something back
for you guys doesn't it would be so
worth it and whether this book becomes a
best-seller and not alone it would be
amazing I'm already so thankful for the
experience because it has truly taught
me so much I'm already so so thankful
for the experience I mean what this book
has taught me and I hope this book
inspires you to go out there and live
your most beautiful life and of course
being unstoppable honestly there's just
so much in this book that I'm just
unsure how to condense in the video for
you guys this would be a book that I
would want my daughter to read one day I
mean she's only four months or annoyed
but I know that this is going to be a
timeless book this is a book that I
would have loved the younger me to read
most of all I know that this broad would
be a much better and happier place if
more people read this book to me this is
not just a book to me this is your
portable friend your portable sister
that's someone you need the biggest
thing that I really wish for in this
book is that you guys read the heck out
if I really use it I use it to death I
want you guys to scribble on it I want
it to be dog eared don't worry about
keeping it looking pretty really want
this book to be really used to be passed
on and on and
before I wrote this book I knew I wanted
to write a book that someone would not
just buy for themselves someone would
buy for sister for a friend for daughter
for a nice this book is for every single
person right there who feels
insignificant in this big scary world
this book is for all of you out there
who are already beautiful but yet to
discover your OPPD and worth the
beautiful ogre it's always been my job
to help people around me look beautiful
but I've always wanted to do more than
that I wanted people around me to feel
beautiful and to live beautiful lives
and I believe that has always been my
true mission and it always will this
book is full of my life lessons and I
just share many many many mistakes that
I've made along the way not of course I
wasn't always a person I am today and
you know a lot of people if they were to
describe how I am they would probably
say optimistic happy positive confident
a little perfectly knowing that I'm not
perfect reading this but you'll find out
I was actually quite an insufferable
suck-up very negative fearful and
insecure and in a way I wish I had this
book when I was younger to help guide me
along the way
the same time I'm also very grateful to
have lived at all because this is the
beauty of life and if I didn't I
wouldn't have been able to become the
person that I am now and I certainly
wouldn't be able to write this book for
you guys all right so what does this
book a touch upon it touches on how to
feel beautiful when living in an ugly
world to share my experiences growing up
feeling so inadequate and high I learned
to embrace my individuality touches on
how to ignite true confidence power of
being positive and how you can lead a
more positive life but a lot more how to
love yourself more how to love light
more hearts a lot of people are right
and even though what is hard rising
after falling how to deal with adversity
when life gets hard because we all know
that
in life I think this just happened share
something that's very very personal and
private something that I've never shared
in his channel husband and I had to leap
through a huge obstacle in our marriage
and it was definitely very difficult and
because I don't want it to sign bias I
actually got my husband Tim to write in
the book to book is all about how to be
more bold how to be unstoppable how to
cultivate a beautiful heart really does
no matter how I greet you look on
outside when deep within we have
powerless thoughts you can portray the
best like possible on social media
through this you cannot lie to yourself
you can rise above expectations you can
live the life that you want you don't
have to be a slave to your emotions
freezing judgment forgiving how to live
a blissful life this book covers
everything so this book is gonna guide
you so you become your own best friend
rather than your own enemy because we
all know that a lot of times we're the
most critical ones you see this is a
feel-good read something that's going to
make you feel warm and flip the inside
hopefully inspired by the same time you
may even share it with me because I did
cry a therapist writing this book so
this book is not literally it's
figuratively a piece of my heart if you
guys can't tell already
I'm so proud of this book I know I've
never worked so hard on something in my
entire life and because I know that the
content inside really is gold I've been
really blessed I've able to launch a lot
of really fun and great products in the
past but I've never ever stressed to
anyone that you must buy my stuff but
here I am and I'm really saying please
consider giving this book a chance
I really do you feel like you owe it to
yourself to live the best life and buy
best life I don't mean having the best
of things by the way if you do get this
book I just want to say thank you so
much but it also means so much to me is
that if there are any favorite quotes
sentences or anything in this book that
you like
hang me and let me know and if you do
enjoy reading this book do you consider
getting one for a loved one or better
yet land am your copy so you guys have
followed me since beginning off my
youtube journey I hope after all these
years you know my character enough I'm
not just recommending this because I
wrote it even though I did write this
book every time I read it I feel so
inspired and I learned something new I
want to read you a little bit from my
book think of your heart as your garden
if you wanted to thrive in bloom you
need to water it with love kindness
compassion positivity and gratitude if
you neglect your garden all you may ever
get in return or weeds certain seasons
may come along to make conditions harsh
Burroughs start garden to me Street at
times but if we persevere we know our
garden will bloom again soon we get
turned life's hardship and experiences
into fertilizer that helped us grow and
flourish with a beautiful heart we can
transform life's ugly situations and
shoot beautiful lessons there's no
whatever I did a beautiful life can only
come with a beautiful heart and this is
what my book is all about there's a cool
I read recently and it goes along the
lines off books are wonderful because
within books they contain worlds but
it's so much cheaper to buy someone a
book than to you buy them a whole world
speaking of cheap we're going to move on
to the next point which is about pricing
and where you can get it I'm so sorry it
took me so long to get here by the way
one of the best things about this book
is that it's me to be super affordable
because I want it to be accessible for
anyone right there paperback version of
my book is 999 dollars I've seen drinks
that cost more than this so am I where
can you get my book you can get it in
Barnes & Noble's whether you have a
store near you or you can get it online
and yes they do ship globally it also
Dino my book on Amazon as well
the official lunch date for my book is
the 12th of December I really mean it
guys instead of maybe splashing Ayana
lips
that's probably in the shade that we
already have which we all do for some
reason do you consider getting this
life-changing book instead the readiness
book has just been such a beautiful
journey but at the same time I know this
is only the beginning
to my New York friends I also want to
let you guys know that I am coming for
you
so please save the date for me for the
11th of December because I will be doing
my very first book signing event and I'm
so excited that 7 p.m. at Barnes &
Nobles in Union Square please come by
for a cosy chit chat Q&A book signing
photo opportunity it's gonna be a
fantastic night what better way for me
to celebrate the launch of a book than
with you guys who made it all happen for
me I will have all the details in the
information box who do you remember to
check it out last but not least before I
end the video I just want to thank you
guys for giving me the opportunity to do
this whether you buy this book or not
I'm always gonna be thankful because
will write you this book it would have
never ever happened stuck here for the
past 20 minutes talking holding my book
and yet it still feels surreal that
feels like I'm in a dream I realize
dreams really do come true
and guess what you guys helped to make
that happen from the bottom of my heart
I want to say thank you for inspiring me
helping me become a better person than
10 years and you guys still keep me
doing what I'm doing I keep saying thank
you and yet it doesn't feel enough
because it's always gonna be a surface
on my feelings but I get amazing thank
you you guys believed in me first before
I could do that for myself so thank you
so much for being my cheerleaders this
book can change one person's life for
the better then I know that this book is
definitely worth waiting for
as I was taping everything a word I was
thinking about you guys and I really
hope this book will change your life for
a better one page at a time I love you
guys
so much thank you again hmm hopefully we
will be kicking up a book tour person
and I will keep you guys updated but for
now I'm just so excited to meet all of
my new friends be unstoppable
I realize you're always capable of
greatness
you
