morning everybody so today I'm really
really excited I've been told and let go
for my surprise red box for a while and
it finally came therefore I am very very
very very very very very excited stuff
in here where am I supposed to look at
first I've been told to look at for a
squirrel first I like that saying widen
your world hello
Turkish Airlines and Turkish tourist
board invites you to widen your world
and embark on amazing journey to the
magical land of Turkey you've been
invited to the city of Istanbul where
you will explore the sites and signs of
the city before being summoned to a very
special event where you'll take part in
a fortune-telling this fortune-telling
will see sent you another breathtaking
destination in Turkey oh where will that
be fate will decide oh my god holy moly
this is like a fake ticket I hope it's a
fake cos there's only one it's bad bull
I have fun once on business class before
and I tried my best
act nonchalant but I was kind of like
freaking out I get to act nonchalant
again hello but so I'm here and Istanbul
is here so we're flying quite a bit
maybe give us stuff that we can bring
with us to our trip to Istanbul so now
we have a water bottle oh so you can
travel Oh
Tim's gonna like these aw it's red and
much is my ice bit we have two notebooks
it looks like learn discover fly creates
wonder see enjoy go beyond celebrate Oh
be it more stuff for you free pens oh
it's an Airbus a321 so I guess when
to be the airplane that we're gonna be
flying on you know an airport while we
see these little airplanes and I think
it looks cool but I'm always too stingy
to actually buy them travel guide map so
we can look like a proper tourist when
we're there miss oh it's a cockpit it's
a compass that is a compass currently
I'm done sending 280 mm-hmm I need to
learn how to read a compass for cheating
traveler oh that's a little pop-up book
it's simple is where we'll be going
which is right here looks like charm I
guess this is a Turkish candy I'm trying
to use my sense of taste definitely
tastes nuts wanna say thank you so much
in Turkish shop you'd have like a globe
in your office so you look like one of
those smart people once again I just
want to thank Turkish Airlines and
Turkish tourist board for this wonderful
opportunity to be able to explore its
envelope tonight with never been before
so we're really really excited
not just excited about being able sleep
freely shark freely and to eat freely
but of course being able to experience a
whole different culture and to meet that
other youtubers who are involved in this
project we just look at the list of
youtubers going and there's gonna be
another 7 and the funny thing is aside
from one girl they're all dudes so this
is gonna be something that's very
different from what I normally do I
always get invited into beauty offense
and as you guys know are mostly female
so I look forward to this of course we
will be flogging the journey and of
course taking you guys with us hopefully
also get to show you guys my beauty bug
for the week ahead so
stay tuned for that thank you so much
for watching and I shall see you soon
bye everybody
some holiday with you
