I say homes based on Leech baby hi Ely
you ready for today
give me a high five yay yes I think
that's my hand look at that guy's oh
yeah we're still craving a lot of Korean
food Isaac feels trying to mangle the
table next door we don't believe in our
sauce how would you date will die
are we friends or huh
yeah time trim like oh oh
hmm
Oh Kathy hey Piper from now Jason head
up with you for the first time I won
to be I'm sorry don't mind some real
 video I guess you guys find it
sexy come anyways a lot of you guys
basically alerted me that there was a
lovely girl and she wore the corny
sweater and thread of Britain so sweet
bless also thank you everyone for
letting me know
and to the beauty wearing the sweater I
just want to say thank you so much for
supporting the campaign and you look so
adorable Jase seizes this remember I was
telling you guys I have crazy baby hair
it's really growing I like I actually
almost have a fringe as you can see you
know yesterday I was tell me guys that
Tim try to be more hands-on this morning
he woke up early to like after Isaac he
cook congee Isaac instead like he spends
a lot of time I cut on the carrots and
the celery and the cabbage in really
small pieces but the problem was he must
have put in a longshot so I can't paid
it to Isaac because it's too salty he
doesn't know but um you have to make it
a game yay I've been really craving
these turns I can actually buy these in
a 7-eleven here mister polite side but
we have Thor
I'm sorry chubby they really want to be
walked but to wear outside I just saw
this yeah I guess mine Isaac wears
makeup he doesn't look like me what
happens is they smile each baby I want
to give you guys an update of what my
tummy looks like do you guys remember
Don long ago I made a video just
basically sharing you guys hi my tummy
was pretty much very saggy after giving
birth after 10 months it did get a lot
better but it was still really saggy I
want to show you guys this is how it
changed in the space of one month so uh
let me see
yes I see so I don't know if you guys
can tell but the progress pretty big
been using the serum that I'm supposed
to be using my face and it's pretty
expensive but you can see that it has
firmed up a lot and it's not because you
know times all you need for the firm up
my tummy was psyche for like the whole
ten months and even not it's still not
like the heart used to be but you can
see it has been a huge difference right
this product isn't actually supposed to
be use on the body I just thought it's
worth a shot and it just gave me really
good results this is the Great British
Bake Off it's quite a popular show and
UK and my family are obsessed with it
they tried to get me into it my
brother-in-law forced me to watch this I
really wish I love it but I love eating
cake but I'm not sure by watching it I I
I find is so boring obviously the food
always looks delicious and I have
nothing here I feel like if I watch this
I have to be eating something sweet
speaking of food I think Oh heads up
she's like that's a lovely color that
looks exactly like Isaac Viper
while
my hair appointment is tomorrow and I
have no idea how to do my hair at all so
I asked you guys for suggestions and
like most of you guys most of you guys
are telling me to dye my hair pink and I
really really considered it but I'm a
wallet bleaching and the fact that it's
quite high-maintenance that means I'm
always gonna have to redo the roots and
stuff I don't know if I have the time
for all of that and I started to really
grow I guess into my dark hair so I'm
not sure what to get see if I'm I'm like
I don't mind trying anything and
everything but what do I start off with
first I first world problems
