like slamming cupboards and you know
when I'm hoovering I'm like hoovering
hard around him he would have the cheek
to say you miss a spot she can see the
little coffee table here has been moved
and may have something to do with this I
too keeps crawling it these days and
yesterday I was sitting where Tim was
and then I looked over and I saw him
sort of select this and he forgot that
there's nothing behind him so I actually
saw him topple over in slow motion
literally dived across the floor and I
caught his head in time so it didn't
buying onto the floor yeah I went
something like that the moment I was
just like my fan really hurts cuz you
know ken she's got a big head but it
turns out I got a little worrisome here
I'm a hero there was no bruise on his
head I'm just to somewhere and I can't
really concentrate this is all I can do
I see in a bucket I can't concentrate
he's so consistent he's been doing this
for whatever it's like yesterday I was
watching I want to do deets vlogs and
basically been she was saying that
children can really really change the
dynamics of a relationship Benjy shared
a little bit of insights on marital
advice and it really shed some light on
me and made me want to share my little
insight on marriage advice him and my
relationship
we were like people say there's no such
thing as a perfect relationship and
there isn't but you know we were gonna
really really close to that never really
argued and I think it's cause were
generally quite easygoing people root
for 11 years we never really had tips or
anything and then suddenly you know when
Isaac was born we had our fair share of
Mardle tips really upset me at the time
because this was like not something that
used to be a thing for us and you know
when a baby's here you start up
expectations and I think 15 ones I was
very hands-on Anna maybe like I'm like a
mummy instinct Tim like it really bugs
me because I didn't feel like he was as
hands-on with Isaac you know when I said
would cry you know Tim would still sleep
and I feel I couldn't you hear that but
he actually can so Tim did try but he
just wasn't as hands-on as I thought he
would be so we had a lot of like little
tips and I think the worst thing you can
ever do especially when you have
children is to start carding you know
carding that oh I did this and this in
this in the city what did you do that
was exactly what happened and it was bad
and what change was when I decided
my mindset this piece of advice really
resonated with me and it changed
everything for us especially instead of
keeping score instead we just focus on
doing what we can do whether you're in a
relationship or you're married or with
kids I think the mindset that we should
all have is that we should focus on
doing all we can
and of course being able to voice out
your concerns in a way that's not
hateful or judgmental and also being
able to receive critique rather than
being defensive by things um you just
have you know more of an understanding
it's really about communication so even
though I does one of us do more than the
other most likely probably but it
doesn't matter what matters is we're
both doing all that we can sometimes you
may be like well you don't know what
it's like to be me and truth is you
don't know what it's like to be them you
know for all you know you know they're
trying the best they could but and I we
get like pissed because I am doing
everything so what I do is I would kind
of like bottle it up but not really
because I could slamming cupboards and
you know when I'm hoovering I'm like
hoovering hard around him but the funny
thing is he would have the cheek to say
you missed the spot
what do you know somebody's making a
mess I'm happy I teach you would use I
hope I got my fries there's fries right
feeds oh you like watches I'm really
creating fries I'm hungry so I need
these about yeah but I look fried these
costs more okay big hate it even though
I clearly give you a note emoji of like
actual fries
apple-pie you've again sure ease it up
to me before officially I feel good
we had like McDonald's and you know hi
McDonald's is be much like a very dirty
meal and afterwards I had to brush my
teeth and like take a shower
although the char was good mommy lucky I
did mommy lucky I got it's quite bad I
closed the last time when I McDonald's
not long ago right like two days ago so
it's so bad but I woke up and you ever
get those morning's where you wake up
and it's like chicken nuggets I'm
watching a documentary on a baby and she
was born with a heart defect even though
she was born three weeks early just like
right away after being born she had to
be whisked away for her operation gonna
babysit was become even imagine like you
know hi with me know as Isaac was born
right away such a fragile little baby
had to be taken away from major surgery
oh this makes me feel really lucky that
even know my answer where after he was
born I you know he was taken away from
me I'm just glad that or all he was
very healthy look distinctly human with
our hands and feet begin to emerge me 38
days smoothly so I'm glad the operation
Wow Emma's been so hard for the parents
but I'm glad they're so happy not really
so happy thank you for being healthy
