I'll get your belly
Oh again yeah yeah yeah again again yeah
yeah yeah myself you saying that corner
this is cut everyone we're buying you
yeah Isaac look at that a I've got this
spot right here and you know it's just
the pimple but I feel like above the lip
is one of the worst places to have it
because you always feel it remember in
high school like reading the magazine
whenever you get a pit bull just get an
eye liner and paint over it so it looks
like a big mark I've never done that has
anybody done that before this can't be
good for actual pimple
hmm it's amazing like just what you know
one little hole can do - you know I feel
like a different person
have you guys ever watch like TV and hey
what do you think of my beauty mark hmm
leave like the Chinese say have a thing
about if you have a certain mole
somewhere it's suppose it's like mean
something its own English as I rich
mafia okay and then I hear that ID habit
like near your wife um it's called a
white like mother which means you're
greedy I believe okay I could be wrong
okay and I love I believe this a party
if you have a right there it means
you're like a corny person is that true
babe your side is it love I don't know
which side it is victim fate it's a mug
of coffee
I feel like he's inside a farm this is
Tim's idea to get this I feel like we're
observing a farm animal I'm not he's
feeding him as if our apartment isn't
swollen up literally takes up half of
the apartment
whoa using it up to try to see how I
would look like with my with different
hair colors I think this is like a dark
pink
I don't think belong suits me a lot he's
so still when this show comes on you
must take after and love me because you
like the draw bottom or II wouldn't you
like to go
bah
Maury hahaha it's a story Balamory would
you like to know follow boy what's the
story bout amore wouldn't you like to
know it's a story bout amore wouldn't
you like to go after what like seven
years making videos I finally got an
external mic da da that looks like a
penis morning french toast day yesterday
my mom in law was having it and in Hong
Kong they had their french toast like
wedge between a little bit of peanut
butter so it's really craving it
Tim's often see Isaac swimming with my
mom in law I really want to go but I
have what our deadlines to do I'm sure
they'll have lots of good fun
what Isaac what's wrong taking Isaac for
a swim someone doesn't like water oh
yeah nothing games very sorry and they
gave it like I think it's nothing
I get his idea
he didn't enjoy swimming then huh so
weird cuz I like taking baths I just
wash my face and I'm pretty pretty good
a bit but I don't know why but there was
a Lipton sitting there it's from Rene
and actually pretty good
I've always been afraid to have makeup
on when I was younger when I was little
my big sister told a spooky story and
obviously it's not true but the story
was um you never put lipstick on at
night or you never grew a bit with
makeup on because she said that at night
when you go to bed your soul wakes up
when you have makeup on your soul
doesn't recognize you and you never wake
up my mess all right she was only like a
20 tonne
Hodgins I know pretty spooky right you
can imagine hi that stuck with me my
entire childhood and even not even
though I know it's not true it's feel
kind of spooks me a little bit I'm gonna
go take this
