Sara gave birth to a baby boy they named
him Isaac do you know your name Eve
laughter yeah so Sara laughed this time
it was a glorious happy laugh her dream
came true
just like mommy Wow mommy's ring came
true when you came to my life
good news guys for the two schools that
we're building I should be able to visit
them in January the evil amoeba
communities meet students teachers and
community leaders also be able to
participate in construction activity
heart is pining so fast I can't believe
like we're actually gonna meet the
children oh my gosh
meanwhile what is that in your face what
is that on your face
you never ever listen to music while
doing your makeup I teach you ever
there's something very satisfying about
doing this another crew making congee
for Isaac is really easy you just the
chicken into the rice oh his race
doesn't contain a lot of nutrients in
lots of veggies so today he has celery
he has broccoli and carrots I've been
feeling a little cranky lately do you
think so Tim yeah do you think do you
think I've been cranky lately very
fortunately the adult part of me was
like don't buy this is a waste of money
it's far too expensive be child and me
it's like must get it it's a Sailor man
Carter ate what you doing
guess what I'm sailormen I got this to
prove it you gonna do it means I'm
Sailor Moon
it's limited edition prison Oh powder
get it because Eagle mask the mask is
useless by the way he doesn't save her
anything she through the rules ever told
no he doesn't HS comes over and he just
talks about some crap and then he
disappears Oh
usually it doesn't really hurt for me to
put my brows because I always hope
I mentioned that like you know it's
always been very therapeutic but do you
girls know that before your period like
right before it your body is more
sensitive to pain so if you want to get
wet then
whatever reason try to avoid doing it
right before your Kiowa this is the only
TMI one time I give myself a DIY wax job
ignored me and it was so sore that yeah
I did happen and that's the other half
cuz I thought not it's not worth the
pain the dogs just got back from the
groomers they stopped this person you
look weird
chubby Tim brought back the dog last
night okay double okay yeah that's all
right
oh it's okay I know it's see I'm so used
to her having like a big round head they
made it look so like from here you think
she's a cat right I said so hard being
pretty as creepy as his cartoon is it
actually really relaxes me and as you
can see he relaxes him and the dogs
Isaac has the most toy hate how you do
are you a cat we are going to do an
experiment so you guys mentioned that
remember the other day he was playing
peek-a-boo with himself so you guys want
to know if he recognizes his reflection
or not so if he is his face after seeing
that it means he know that Tim if he
touches the mirror he doesn't I guess
but um yeah we'll see honestly this was
just kind of an excuse so I can draw on
his face watching up sir
oh I don't Maggie cares he might feel
odd playing with his toys his little
mustache what's all this and anything
too wonderful for me so Abraham trusted
what God said there I gave birth to a
baby boy they need him Isaac do you know
you need me laughter yeah so Sarila this
glorious happy laugh her dream came true
just like mommy Oh mommy's thank him
Trey when you came to my life I think
he's so so so cute I like his
personality it's so adorable my favorite
time of the day is when we syndrome and
you know we read story and you just look
at me in so much adoration you smile so
much when you read it so it's so cute
I'm so bored on my hair really guys I
don't know how I'm gonna color it but
I'm gonna be something different
hmm a lot of you guys are saying I
should go pink um pink is pretty but I'm
scared it doesn't wear very well also
really like Khloe Kardashian's hair
still fluffy oh I think her new haircut
is growing on me
hey can daddy come in and I come in on
up oh you can I come in the trigger
stick Joseph to Egypt I lead him into a
hopefully thing Isaac
