yeah the apartment is on but I'm really
proud of you we have a monstrous pile of
laundry
oops our best was very children the
great thing about Donnell is people just
let you hold and hook and make a teddy
bear like all night when you see as you
can see I think is helping me decide
what products to give to mommy and law
and I just have a whole bunch of beauty
products here that was given so mmm I'm
just gonna give it out to friends and my
mom to my mom all spent today just
tidied you the whole way I believe I'm
back in Hong Kong I feels weird I
wouldn't been in Korea for like five
days so happy I just bought a new lens
for my vlogging camera this is the 16 70
millimeter my friend size she takes the
best the best photos and she told me she
got this lens the thing is that the lens
is more expensive than the actual camera
eyes are always cries when cut when come
in Houlton good morning everybody
this is awkward I am reading the
comments from the new flow and a lot of
people think I am pregnant because I
mentioned that I've been feeling really
sick after eating like anything oh my
thoughts is feeling nauseous after every
meal and during her speech at the end of
the video she placed her hand on her
belly could it be I'm not really sure
what to say but all of this there's
three things in total one is because I
mentioned that like I've been feeling
sick after like eating foods to my
handles on my belly when I was making
the speech way to dinner and three
because um it's some photos I like like
you know a little cooler than before
could it be yeah guys I'm really really
so hard to say this but um if there's a
baby it's most likely just a third baby
when I went back to UK
you put on like a lot of weight so that
explains me looking more loaded in the
belly area in terms of being sick it's
because I had so much in the UK ever
since I came back to Hong Kong
I got hits to eating like a blonde
lifestyle again so I wasn't able to eat
a lot of rich foods
that's two and three why my handles on
my belly I don't know I was holding him
like so you know I just thought instead
of copying my hands like I guess
dangling I just kind of put it like this
and I was just really really bloated
when I was in Korea I kept eating and
eating and eating but I couldn't you
know so that might explain me looking a
bit more weird as soon as I reached the
Hong Kong and the feet of air or water
but I spent most of yesterday in a
toilet unleashing at all so I'm not the
Lotus before but you know what was it
it's a boy or girl
it was just the poo speaking of poo
someone just did one you Nancy we don't
like what I do traveling it like when
I'm home I'm home but you know all the
titles nice it come back I just think
it's funny like these days when when
someone's like oh I'm so tired these
days it's like and there's like oh I'm
just not feeling good today
any last words I have my safety drink
patent take care of our son hungry I'm
hungry I'm hungry
really I was like no I feel not gonna be
having a noodle the nine I'm like dad
should have finished it all I smacked my
head really hard
I hate when it happens you ever do that
you don't finish your food and later on
you get hungry and it's like why why did
I not finish it oh hey pop Hong
kong-style
me mommy baby but take this for me still
been a little sick coming back so
Whitney you're watching thank you so
much for this she knew I was sick in my
videos and she actually brought me like
a bag of medication
i meani noisy in his office
what are you two doing why is this baby
chair in here is this your idea of
looking after Isaac why why you hear me
okay then let's see what happens have it
close the door are you a mama's boy oh
yeah that is what he thought it's way No
are you anybody's boy you're a mama if I
said is so cute which will you guys see
you later how cute do they look together
craving the food and soul so we're
having Korean really I think yes this
child certainly does t after me
