used to wake up and you know I would
people ate bacon eggs and hash brown but
I need a tie I just I can't eat it we
are here at Times Square where we'll be
doing the beauty we demons lunchtime
everybody how's it okay and I noticed it
gives you like a monstrous for it like
everybody like and it just deal with the
Oh
we uh I didn't think anybody would even
come to see me so thank you for coming
to say hello and your gift
thank you for your letters like I'm
going to read it when I go back I we are
headed off to a farewell dinner
Oh
I covered my knees
I'll miss you guys
Wow
ah
I just want to thank everybody for your
gifts mm I miss drawings got a letter at
the back we have snacks fit be products
we have face masks even medication
because you know I mentioned that I
wasn't well thank you so much once again
thank you so so so much for your letters
today I am leaving Seoul can't believe
I've been here for five days and I'm
just ready to return back to my family
last night when we were watching the
goodbye video it was just so touching
and you know it's kind of been like like
um I've been seeing these girls everyday
and I wish all the thicker leaves a safe
flight back uni thing up I find was a
little bit of a shame was I really hope
to talk to the Korean critters more of
course they were all really really sweet
so beautiful but there was a little bit
of language barrier gonna have to brush
up on my career language next time I
come here so I can communicate with the
matter well thank you to amore Pacific
for having me here it's been an absolute
honor really just editing a nice log
I've had a lot of finish upload since
it's our last name we're just gonna do a
bit of shopping before we head to the
airport it's been hot every single day
so we feel really blessed for the good
weather they all have the clothes
then they called me on me
they're my don't say make up three leah
is getting a Tony moly gel liner is it
like the poppy Brian one they're saying
that this is kind of like the bubby
Brian did you get up the shimmer bricks
but a third of the price they look like
food right cereal desert green tea jelly
porridge I get this because it's bomb
food but this one we're just very very
immature
editing editing editing
just notice cry-cry me my laptop is
compared everybody else's like cherries
is immaculate kidneys is gives us really
clean as well but I don't know I can't
even - just disgust amaze me the crumbs
everywhere and then on my lid you'd
actually see the ring you aware of my
bowl what does yours look like is very
clean okay
yeah the difference
why did you turn off kim down
