catching a flight to Seoul today
you can't pick antalya wait hey hey are
you gonna miss me
are you gonna miss me are you gonna miss
me even listening before that I just
want to catch up on some of your
messages and / you guys help me name the
school so you guys remember
so some of you guys not a beauty of
knowledge because it was my beauty
channel that brought us all together to
make this possible so I think this is a
wonderful idea because knowledge really
is beauty some more ideas you guys have
is Promise Academy because everyone has
promise and Isaac school because Isaac
means laughter oh that's lovely
I definitely imagine a school full of
kids laughing and just being happy and
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
Wizardry attempting of that size I'm
afraid not this one sang Academy so
everyone knows what your family achieved
imagine that everybody will think of
charity when hearing me oh it's a nice
idea but like it's not like but it is
still but it's not really a huge thing
to me I don't mind being like more
anonymous when I come into this OH
someone wrote call it h o PE hope of
pursuing education that's beautiful I
think we have a winner
bye you say bye to mommy uh-oh
you know how I will tell you guys that
to must art color today and it looks
like it's sticking obeying Twitter
tweeted mmm is it too late to divorce
him
you should be careful around him then
really only in Danish / Denmark it's
negative but everywhere else based on
sport before anyone else oh I never knew
that hey hey hey hey okay what is it
hello now I'm just going to go through
security don't worry come with you get
some food catch up on some work I wonder
why the boys are tearing getting my
things up in a while basically whoa I
think these are typical sardines
these do not want peace up on top of you
you'll sink again I'll town you guys I
just I just feel really sick after
everything I eat these days I guess the
whole bay thing is sickening as well
I think pitch perfect 2 is going to be a
very good choice safely got here
everybody is all ready to go we miss
coming here we are here at the hotel it
was quite a nice place I can see we do
have some pretty alright filming my
hotel came with a lady me yeah only the
best manager in South Hall Emily the
most hard-working girl that I know so we
open the curtains you can see we're
buying in the middle of the diamond it
has 30,000 stores so one of the biggest
shopping areas in the world
mizzle back in be hotel Issac and timber
rules likely sleeping before I go to bed
I want to give you guys update we have
decided the names of the schools for the
children and Laos one school as we
talked to fight will be called beauty of
knowledge because it was my beauty
channel that brought us together just
amazing because if it wasn't for this
channel we wouldn't have been able to do
this together and beauty is not just
about makeup or anything you know beauty
is knowledge whereas back in school it's
gonna be called the hope of an H o PE
which stands for hope of pursuing
education so thank you guys for helping
me name this wonderful beautiful ideas
beauty week surprised us with a handheld
suitcase so inside tada
as you guys can see lots of beauty
products so here we have eyeliners we
have makeup dentistry products an edge
lip tints and a whole bunch of stuff
we're grabbing lunch
I'm just not I'm having a lot of fun
watching them too Leisha thought this
was cream cheese welcome we're here as a
giant fish room today we're here for the
press conference for D week and the
beautiful girl is behind the lighting is
really good here I feel like we should
use okay here is where we will be doing
a lotion
we don't know where to look at that
camera so good major like chin time over
some scary bit of a cross and you
imagine
they talking about email dresses that
were younger
so let's start with me okay I didn't
know what I was called pinky angel - you
like I don't know 12 oh my god - oh my
god people are telling you I totally was
about to go down Jack had a millennium
bro 11 Wow millennia I had up roughly
Quicksilver 101 okay mine's way
embarrassing I was expecting something
similar to black PG girl yeah no I think
angel thank you
yeah so contradictive icon based on this
one for three basic abilities tell me
then
that's my Instagram and my other one was
Xie babies and one more 3x imaginable
use those email addresses for art is
commutative 27 years old millennium
girls life
I'm happy here everything for it
for a while you work the session
ultimately happy birthday oh I don't
usually drink so plenty of whatever I
saw you drank when we're in Singapore
hahahaha
