hey hey so we're not Nam sang way
somewhere in you know anyway trying to
take a photo shoot
what's this what is this that's right
your treaty is having a emergency
pre-attack and is she Singapore today I
think the first time ever she is
supported here's a neighbor
hello kotti I love you
it's Auggie something day oh hey
everybody
ah Tim was being sweet and he bought me
lunch from a new place everything's
coming back down calm I you know I've
been so busy that I haven't really had
like a chance to eat too much so I
haven't been able to handle like oily
foods so when water earlier yeah guys
thank you so much for tagging me wearing
hoodies and the tank tops they're
seriously making my day there's actually
an Instagram my crank and it's called
bugs reactions a recent one is when you
see your crush it's so cute when someone
compliments you yes when you see food
when dinner is ready when the Wi-Fi is
slow what can you have to go to scoop if
it's so long because I went shopping I
don't even know where to go one thing
I'm gonna really miss money
the UK is using my Octopus card like a
ring light I can touch the earth Oh
lunch for one of IDA happy so I'm in
Europe and I'm having ramen noodles
feeling good to be home and all washed
up so I bought some stuff today
portable ring light clip this I believe
your phone so it's like this turn it on
oh my goood and then I think there's
different brightnesses so this is the
brightest one also bright in fairness
ps3 so this is a bring light into this
with with uh I think what why it looks
better invention see page eight selfie
right light oh you're an angel
even though we all know that's not true
what do you think this new what's wrong
looking like an old man I wear size 34
so I were really a hard time looking for
shoes so this pair is super super high
two three four probably five inches high
the low it feels just plain the low
heels for me to like mush some of my
clips will help black hair and eat gray
hair just put it on for you guys listen
look very attractive that I'm doing this
but here it is I feel like I'm a dog oh
my guess what this is a thumbwheel and
you guys are gonna be like wth I got
this dress this navy dress hook it up
like best dress and it comes to the belt
that'd be pretty cute does my favorite
garment piece searches a sweater because
you guys are not like sweaters yes five
years well longer at the fashion a
maroon dress here to show you guys what
I bought by wearing it so this is our
big one it's actually a top a skirt can
you see you've actually got some layers
and I was quite happy about this when I
bought it but it's actually quite nice
but my five inch heels I look somewhat
normal size it's not a dress it's quite
a and modest length if you want to you
can make it shorter
I think this length is actually pretty
nice lastly the pink sweater the girls I
can also wear it as a dress not really
someone brushes up good thinking are
these are so big it even came off we are
off to a wedding today even Isaac is in
a waistcoat off the place snicker drink
con
what would Hong Kong do with like this
he's really tired those who the he grabs
a quick nap before we get to the wedding
huh
yeah he makes that noise when he's tired
eyes a give him five minutes
bulgy oh so pretty all of the reasons I
look at a set up guys
Leon and Alicia so pretty oh look what I
find this guy doing
okay guys you've been like a few minutes
and he's still doing this
Kevi year to big sister so tomorrow I'm
off the soul so you be good okay you
look after the family you'd be a good
sister to dramatize it okay would you do
that yeah and you be good okay hmm
I miss you too okay Isaac I think I
think I think can I have some attention
please
it looks so comfortable
