hi everybody today I'm very very very
very very you get the point
very excited I've been meaning to do
this for a while have you ever been
stoked to do something but at the same
time you're also terrified kind of like
giving birth but we'll fight the pain
and a baby well this is something that a
lot of you guys have requested me to do
for many many many many years and today
finally I can do it my way I'm really
sorry about your noise I happened to be
next to my washing machine and I'm just
always doing laundry yes today we are
going to be doing a reaction to my Bubbe
ASSA tea video so there's quite a few
videos so there may be different parts
but I'm very excited come a tea ready
and my toast hello my toast and
definitely on the steals I feel like
instead of tea I should be having a gin
tonic so with just a quick brief to the
people who are wondering what Bobbi your
city is years and years ago I used to
have a comedy channel every day I still
get about two just asking if I'm ever
going to return back to my puppy dog
sandy channel at the moment it seemed
unlikely today we will be taking a walk
down memory lane but I also realized in
the bubble city videos there's a bit of
language tears so viewers discretion is
advised
are you guys ready how these videos got
so many views we are going to be
starting off with the chubby bunny
challenge so we're just ease into you a
little bit okay cuz I was my probably
most innocent video
me trying to hock it I got the
marshmallows I just say I'm totally
vibing the good old days when we just
used our webcams ten years later psycho
has returned to Korea he has a CEO of
super hardcore company
Foucault has spent years trying to find
from Hitler see my friend help many
years trying to forget a butter SICU
cannot seem to forget about Bhumi I just
made my friend pretend to drive people
in their cars obviously no I'm the
another
at me when the cart money remove of
course Hanson and Hank man has to be
nearby
why is her a spider in her arm she
accidentally drops her diary
oMG it's bummed me that go quickly
Russia's hospital to find Bomi he sees
her resting peacefully in bed this is
how I actually sleep
his ex-girlfriend is there strikingly
beautiful but evil it didn't occur to me
that one day Kevin is going to become a
father to a daughter and she may find
this video Kevin I'm so sorry
unday takes a chance to confess his
feelings for Bhoomi for me holiday me da
honey bunch of go - no no we're good
yeah
smack him because he was elevate you
hard are you guys ready for hip
thrusting guy so I enjoy watching
fitness DVDs oh I used to be so skinny
he is that guy no fitness program is all
about a random guy you know it is sure
that men can do aerobics as well yes of
course that guy in the background
flexing his arms not boring the
choreography abs applying a black oil
oMG and then I realized something oh my
so Heidi expect me to watch the girls
and fitness DVD when he isn't about
growing up um the comments to me and his
crotch
okay its eye chart are you freaking
kidding me oh of course he's running to
gusting and what is up with that
psychotic expression I feel like I
should bring Isaac and Haley dying right
now I show them this get it out away so
when they're older and if they ever come
across this video I'm gonna say I showed
you this you were totally cool with this
should I be surprised my dad ended up
eating the orange oh I had experiment
with different stuff to put in there to
see what works it was true science let's
do a shoot invasion yo it's been a while
I just remember that is to be my injured
my bubble you'll save videos I said yo
it's been a while obviously it's not
serious me depicting what life was like
in Hong Kong Hong Kong one day
then let's bucks give me a Survival
Guide tip one do not piss old people off
seriously
I had fun filming this Danka people are
afraid of germs
miss Howe so much no high heels to my
okay so she's a bit different okay
a lot different from her she looked
before but it's not too bad
hmm wait no she's just holding her oh
here we go again unless your boy man
this is the worst striptease ever nope
you are not leading me to the laundry
room so you can throw your clothes into
the water
oh wait I have a surprise for you guys
I'll answer you guys while you never
ever barged into someone's room while
they're away you guys remember Leon my
chubby bunny video
okay you guys know Leon right Leon is my
cousin he was younger back then when I
left my rim he's my whip hub this is 20
years ago my I still got the videos
now we are going to go through timetable
look into my crystal eyes and your balls
won't be paralyzed I need to pee out of
the shit I did a fart I get a burp my
name is Leon Sanju I need a pee hey Leon
I'm so sorry
that nine years ago I made this video
resurface annoy nine years later I'm
making it resurfaced again is the end of
my reaction to my bubble city videos I
was just part one I was just eating you
guys into it Archie we're going to be
seeing Tim in the mobile and I believe
it gets worse I'm laughing so much that
my eyeliner had completely smudged that
was really really really really
enjoyable
do you notice you're new to my channel
you're just wondering what they're um
everybody has a past gusting can go
ahead yourself and watch the videos with
my buddy Elsa D Channel sure is going to
entertain you confuse you scar you and
everything else
