hello everybody it's Bob's welcome to
another ask Bob's episode first question
is favorite emoji and impersonation hmm
emoji that I use the most would actually
be the one where it's like this would be
the one I use the most
especially when Timmy cracks some lame
joke any tips on dealing with heartbreak
/ going through hardship a lot of times
people ask you know how you be strong by
things and sometimes you just have no
choice but to be strong when certain
situations arise especially when it
comes to you know this relationship if
it made you more unhappy than isn't
happy then maybe if you know the better
thing happened for all you know this
could be an opportunity for you to build
a stronger you you know in developing
press reverance
you become a stronger person and it
helps you to grow more remember it's
okay to cry and I feel like a lot of
people it kind of just bottled up inside
but you know sometimes a good cry is
what you need to just release all of
those emotions light but at the same
time you don't want to stay in a period
too long so hitting yourself is one of
the worst things you could do because it
doesn't help you move forward
it just keeps you back I think this is
probably not what people want to hear
but you know time is the best healer and
you just gotta respect time itself you
can only use this time to keep yourself
busy you know surround yourself with
good people you know be good to yourself
speaking from my experience you know it
was during my hardest times that I find
myself growing the most and looking back
I am so thankful for all of those
moments even though at that time you
know I was wondering if I'll ever be
happy and you know don't be surprised if
you surprise yourself
when do you plan to retire from YouTube
especially because I'm not so active on
my beauty Channel anymore I really don't
know I don't really think about you know
retiring or what whatsoever you know I
just kind of do especially with this
year I've just been so so
occupy as you guys know you know dealing
with like with a new baby I'm
complaining about it because I love my
job as a mom but it's definitely a
full-time job it's just non-stop all the
way especially my Isaac is crawling and
he's gonna be walking very soon it just
keeps me on my toes my family will
always be my first priority and I just
don't want to sacrifice too much a
quality family time for work not that
I'm saying I'm retiring from my beauty
Channel it's just I feel um beauty
videos when I can blogging has made
things very convenient easy for us and
at the same time it's allowed me to kind
of move on to different ventures right
now I think I'm just focusing on
different things as well and vlogging
has allowed me to do that for example
you know raising money on building
schools you know working on a new book
I'm just working on different projects I
am very happy with how things are at the
moment and I am slowly learning to just
like though and not get so tensed up and
getting videos on time and I can't just
let inspiration try me you know psyche
inspiration I'll make a video and love
I'll not be so hard on myself about it I
think I'll retire from YouTube when it
stops inspiring whether it's blogging or
social media I think that whether
YouTube is aeronauts you know I'll still
be interacting with you guys hopefully
next question when will your heist be
finished it it is supposed to be
completed I think that very time so we
got some time away and of course then it
needs to be painted and decorated
furnish so I'll probably be a little bit
until we move into a new home in
Northern Ireland how very surreal the
last time we went back which was only
like maybe a week ago
and to see the shell up already is
really exciting are you excited to move
back to Northern Ireland we are very
very looking gorgeous we have been at
Hong Kong for maybe six six seven years
I think maybe six years and it's been
great but I think it's
time to move on there's suddenly progra
columns and you know the Cotton's of
Northern Ireland is there isn't a lot to
do but home is where family is either
way we'll always be sitting in Hong Kong
because Hong Kong it's always gonna be
home to us as well do you think society
is so sooo judgmental these days
especially today I find that some you
know certain words are taking more
seriously than they used to be and it
could be a good thing because you know
it's not right to joke about some things
but at the same time I feel like you
know people are maybe getting a little
serious and judgmental on you know
certain things whether weak voice it
vocally or not people are judgmental I
could be very very judgmental wou will
judge either way you know even if you
live your life like a saint I think the
more things that focus on is to not
worry about what other people think
especially people who don't know you how
do you manage to be cheerful and
positive all the time um I am NOT
positive all the time I would say I
think I'm positive most of the time but
there's definitely days where I don't
feel so great it's even in moments where
I'm feeling negative or defeated I think
I am able to pull myself out of the rut
pretty quick
I always show these opportunities to
find things to be grateful for it's all
about your lenses in how you see the
world and perceive things an entire sea
of water can't sink a ship unless it
gets inside a ship similarly the
negativity of the world can to put you
down unless we allow it to get inside
you do you have any weird habits I don't
know it's weird actually I could only
watch TV if I'm mopping or sweeping the
floor because I feel guilty I feel
guilty as if I'm wasting my time when I
could be using either do something else
I think it's because I'm a very
proactive person when do you intend
plans you have another child would you
want a daughter or another boy ah
another popular question we're
definitely not unhurried how
another sibling for Isaac ideally we
just want to enjoy him nein either way
we were not minds and it would love the
second child to death but you know of
course I definitely won't mind having a
daughter it's not just because the baby
girl I Fitz are cuter than the boy I fit
actually I mean you know I'm very close
to my mom so I would like to have quite
some of my relationships but if the next
one's a boy it's also a good thing
because that means I sit we'll have a
little brother to play with and they can
play together all right guys so these
are some of your questions answered
actually purposely picked less observes
just so I can spend a little bit more
time answering them let me know if you
guys prefer to be answering more but in
a shorter format or if you guys referred
me to answer less questions but
uncertain more details and thoroughly
thank you guys for watching and chillin
with me and I shall talk to you soon
