if you guys have any science school Toji
and know you guys miss these two little
monsters does this remind you guys of
the Turturro scene yeah yeah haha I'm so
excited guys I'm able to sit down and
just sort out a few things on my laptop
if you guys don't know already we
actually reached our goal of fifteen
thousand dollars to build two fully
functional schools for children applause
so Isaac is asleep so I'm just going to
clap very likely but inside I'm like
bursting with joy in my youtube career
this is without its art possibly one of
the most meaningful things that I got to
do it is even more special because I got
to do of you guys because let me tell
you guys if it wasn't for you all this
isn't even possible so on behalf of
pencils of promise on behalf of the
children of Laos I just want to thank
you guys so so much for your help and
generosity in making this a reality
because you have no idea just how much
this is going to change these children's
lives this inspires me and just
reaffirms and reminds me you know why
I'm doing what I'm doing so tonight we
are going to make the payment two
pencils of promise fifty thousand
yes dollars
right what should I write let's still
big people together
everyone has promised okay lots of love
from the verbs YouTube family
this is it son guys no I'm just going to
show you two proof of hi we collected 50
thousand dollars together this was the
fundraiser page and here we have five
thousand nine hundred and fourteen
dollars thank you to everybody's kind
donations and I this is the teespring
pay write page so as you can see today
is a length of September and I requested
a total of forty 1921 cents and then
there's another pay art here like this
is another pair as you can see right
here it was when you guys requested the
unicorn tank tops back again I was just
going to add this along with the next
time we donate so this would be added on
and as you can see the paired previously
was the fifth of December and this total
forty nine thousand one hundred and
thirty three dollars we donated this on
mighty compassion on to Nepal if you
guys remember adding the three totals
together the donations and the two pairs
we have a total of fifty thousand eight
hundred and seventy four dollars my for
the eight hundred and seventy four
dollars I will be adding this on to the
next time we donate once again I want to
thank you guys for making this a reality
I'm so proud of y'all I will be updating
you guys but you know we also get to
name the school as well I guess naming
the school isn't such a big deal for me
because you know what really matters is
that these kids are going to be educated
but you're not being I'll be also really
fun so if you guys have any ideas on
school
No if you guys have any ideas on me
please let me know I just feel really
really blessed by we can do this
together and also mean the school
together good afternoon everybody
so mom actually came right to help I'm
so thankful because I was able to film a
tutorial it's so long since I filmed a
make a tutorial so it's been so good to
get the equipment again I've been so
good to put makeup on again somebody is
up he has a fever from the injection
yesterday oh look at that sleepy face oh
god I catch up on some work but before I
do that guys I just want to UM get
something on my chance I actually wrote
a post about this on Instagram yesterday
and I thought I want to address it um
thoroughly through the vlog today I mean
I just feel compelled to talk to you
guys a little bit about relationships
especially Tim a nice relationship and
very often I see you guys type hashtag
relationship goals on other people's
blogs and almost in every single flog
video that I put up you guys write this
in the comments section first and
foremost I just want to let you guys
know that Tim and I are far from perfect
and because we're not perfect people we
definitely don't have the perfect
relationship and whether it's YouTube
Facebook Instagram whatever most times
people just show you what they want you
to see and what you want to believe how
much could you really know about someone
based on a five-minute video a 20-minute
video some pictures you know everybody
has their own story nobody likes to hear
this but very often it's the ones
closest to us that her
the most and I'm sure a lot of you guys
can relate I see people will compare
their relationships of other people and
honestly they don't even the would aside
to be on the other side let me tell you
guys Tim a nice relationship is far from
smooth you know we have had our fair
share of marital tips and we have
definitely climbed unlinked through
mountains painfully to get to where we
are it hasn't been rainbows and
butterflies all the way and even today
you know we're still working hard
relationships are never smooth all the
way you have to invest in a lot of
effort and time and a lot of times
there's heartache but you know through
all the hardship we find that it
definitely helped to strengthen us and
to help us grow so I don't want you guys
to think tim and i have the perpetrating
 because we don't and i don't want
you guys to expect anyone has a perfect
relationship and you know i don't want
you guys to expect you or your partner
to have a perfect relationship because
it's also exists because we're not
perfect when you love someone it's not
just a feeling it's you love someone
because you love someone especially in
relationships i think a lot of people
these days are just always thinking of
what they should be doing for us when we
should be thinking what we can do for
our other house and vice versa right now
i I'm so happy with my family but you
know we went through a lot of obstacles
believe it or not and we're right the
obstacles we will not get to where we
are Tim and I have been together for 12
years and we're still learning they
stare at each other
oh the life of a baby and a doggy oh oh
oh and he finds me oh but it goes to
words Dhamma yay my phone got 6 I'm no
longer using my iPhone well Tim's iPhone
word yes first for all problems getting
a new phone and having to reinstall all
your apps alright alright somebody
somebody's hungry
okay alright alright
