Oh Shelby hello Domo
hello okay okay okay okay yeah so uh
Fatiha
hello you remember daddy oh okay okay
okay okay look good mmm who are you
who's this
where's our couch over here Mindy and
Isaac haven't seen the box and I'm
nearly three months a little bit let's
see what they're like you ready to go
home
you ready Google said okay haha yeah hey
first my son
uh he's interested no ah no ah another
power did you miss your buddy
oh he's too busy buying his boom we have
like I don't know like ten patches of
country to do but it's still good to
beautiful to my family it feels almost
surreal to know that I've been out of
Hong Kong for almost two and a half
months ice has been collecting lots of
dust so we're still in a process of
tithing everything but I could there be
so much stuff coming down I have the
nose just dumped me and blowing my nose
so much from the coal that my nose feels
kind of roll I happy to be back I think
I know he's doing this be like come come
more I do you like Ireland more which
one do you like more do you like UK are
they like Hong Kong like a bunch of
stuff to unpack but ducky-wucky I miss
you guys
the book I'm memory reading tonight is
simplify ten practices to unclutter your
soul I'm just reading this because
lately I feel like life as this book
says is just too much busyness and to
out of focus are you happy to be back
this guy decided to wake up at 2:00 a.m.
so we're doing some reading last night I
was like this is a life it really was
for by ten minutes Isaac who was asleep
for one hour and then he woke up you
woke up after half an hour then he woke
up they kept waking up so um yeah it's
been running today I think like two
hours late but usually I'd be okay but
not being able to sleep on the flight
it's been kind of difficult of function
so I asked him to take it for the team
like after Isaac we're up by one or I
could take a quick nap don't know they
even zombo's very very tired
good afternoon everybody
just had an awesome awesome nap so with
the last two days I've kind of been a
blur we're just sorting everything I
trying to get settled in and I'm just
recovering from like a little cold my
hair has been quite light for a while so
I'm just gonna make it all dark this one
is called natural maca and of course
it's from the same movie I'm gonna enjoy
having dark hair for a while
morning I was reading comment and then I
just uploaded a nice love just showing
the progress of our new home and
somebody mentioned that um I don't even
like I mean it's quite a long par graph
this person wrote and she kept replying
other people but she wrote along the
lines is basically that um bubb's has
wealthy parents and pretty sure that I
split it off them and that's why I got
my home and I was like really like these
days when someone tip something nice or
keep something I must be from the
parents I was ready to come and I was
like what I haven't received a penny
from my parents since I graduate
it's called growing up and be
responsible and plotting for your future
usually I don't really mind when people
ask about finances stuff I know it's
personal and sometimes it may come
across rude but I don't never really saw
like money is a big deal even when I was
little whether I had it or whether I
didn't have a lot but it does baffle me
when you know I see people and obviously
they don't like to see other people
achieving things or whatever and these
people obviously go out of their way to
make them sign bar looks at to make them
feel a little bit better by themselves
just rinse my hair see what these to
your ft it's been a while since we've
been here so we're just going to pop up
for a visit to see if they painted the
walls okay this is it everybody okay
guys I did not give him up for your guys
he did a hand when he like grabbed it
that is chitin dipped into the water
yeah
there's a laundry so my United bicycle
okay come on guys el chapo' would say
we're really happy that you can I sleep
outside I did the only thing he knows
how to tidy hi Jeremy this is the only
thing he knows how to do skipboys
John OB
