sippy-sip did anything Edson oh geez
that
and if it's lemonhead my back today he's
been fighting you can follow you into
treetops and then we just finished
rumble eating and I they're all off for
a bowling we are going to mark these to
pick up the food for the joint birthday
party thank you watching Spencer's for
making caring needs so convenient
oh my uterus my uterus feels like
imagine that uterus is your bowls we
have some sausage rolls we have some
mini burgers sandwiches drumsticks fruit
platter solid pizzas quiches sandwiches
yeah all that stuff hopefully it's
enough morning everybody
ah I definitely came up with something
since I woke up this morning and my my
voice is all like I don't know feel
science differently when I kept breaking
her in the cold sweat so it wasn't in
the best mood today so as you can see
the house is pretty empty cuz Tim was
kind of like Lindy's boy crazy let's all
leave the house and Gary some space to
rest especially cuz today was the joint
party and I was one that was very very
hey like me two more days here so we're
here today and tomorrow and then the day
after were flying back to Hong Kong
honestly if it wasn't for the dogs I
just miss him so much and I just I can't
wait to see him but if it wasn't really
for the dogs
I'm so so about going back to Hong Kong
been so great being back here back home
lbs there's not much to do in Northern
Ireland but you know home is where the
family is and I just can't wait to bring
chubby and double back I can't wait to
see them soon yeah I want to show you
guys something I'm not sure if I showed
you guys this before let's have a little
flashback so back then it was in the
tape like these sort of like these photo
cards look at Tim and I'm it's so
different right
likes to look like a child where we can
stare at each other yeah but these
aren't even the embarrassing ones look
at this one to mix pervy I gave Tim this
album back then because I thought I
looked hot so these are kind of called I
don't know we call them I think they're
called glamor shots but I could be wrong
but yeah they kind of like dressed you
up in different ways and here's me
thinking yeah okay this one isn't so bad
okay but it gets worse like I don't
think I do how to smile my braces so I
did smile in a very creepy way me
looking sad why am i in a bridal dress
oh you want to go to prom with me thank
you
hey boys yeah what is up with my smile
oh they think I'm taking a picture this
is awkward we are here visiting the high
sand last time over here I kind of look
like that do you guys remember well
they've done quite a bit of progress on
already our garden is going to be huge
guys like I'm still walking
very choppy and um oh I'm so excited for
them welcomes you might get you through
the doors this with me where the dining
table at B and high side ahead Arden as
you guys know this is the utility rib
this is the toilet like um the mini
cloakroom downstairs but this is my
favorite part of the house the kitchen
the sunroom and a dining area
so I hear coming through the hall this
would be one of the living rooms and
then this would be another one but this
will probably be more like a family room
up the stairs this is the master bedroom
and this is the walk-in wardrobe and
this would be
beyond sweet okay so that's walk out of
the bedroom I enter the hall this would
be the main bathroom as you can see
there in got some art on the floor in
the hallway this would be the nursery
for Isaac and then this would be a guest
bedroom and then up the stairs up the
third floor this is going to be my
little attic room and slash my working
area so I like this room Allah is very
big and spacious this is the third
bathroom upstairs this is going to be
Timmy's offices it's kind of similar to
my attic room
this one's just slightly smaller ready
to leave back to Hong Kong today we are
ready for our one hour flight to London
and headed after it's gonna be a lonely
12 earthquake I think it he's been very
good so far
so far actually hasn't been that bad I
think is we're so used to flying low
hemline we're long distances Alou and
you just have to come prepared with lots
and lots of stuff lots of not be lots of
wipes lots of patience and get a lot of
rest at night before hey Elvis Elvis
baby what have you done tonight's
relaxed isn't it hi hi can you get my
room see that was all the Elvis night as
a coma Marge and Johnny Bravo put the
picket rope I'm a chill sit big sit
surprisingly in a very good mood he's
very good flying today both lights yay
okay son all the bubbles are gone be
right into my side okay
