these were so fun and therapeutic to
make I'm gonna get some layers back in
after having like my hair grow out what
did you buy you buy what do you buy
that's it
you're on Christmas duty this is your
last bottle of milk before you turn one
thank you for being healthy thank you
for being an awesome companion
do so much Clara from Lily pink bakery
for this customized cake you can see
it's got a hot-air balloon of Clyde's
little booties as a bunting design
happy birthday to you
Oh
does granny's present for you you want
it give me it give me it
why not or do you want this one ah way
to make mom feel bad
ah look at the clothes and the toys did
you provide this one oh ok or I'll play
with this plum over here he's been one
for five minutes and he has a car
already mini alloys a bucket seat yay
Tim is more excited about this and Isaac
is closest to being a mechanic as you
can be honey Steven got like a little
holder for his bottle I'm jealous of my
own son let's test this baby out for a
drive we tied the balloons to the bus
of course the motor is going to be
turned off
check it I'm out to pick up some chicks
they see me rollin they hatin could he
be any more unimpressed come to mommy
look there's a chicks jiggle no
ungrateful baby see at this age all they
really want is their bottle
II like charger just came off we just
noticed that all our pointing his
trousers were actually off no wonder
he's so happy
he's off the pick up chicks with no buzz
on no such currently Isaac is taking a
math I think he's all tired from all the
fun today we had a pretty small like I
guess celebration for an actual day of
his birthday um you know I just didn't
want to say anything big we just wanted
to keep it just you know within the
intermediate family and then in a few
days time we're going to celebrate it a
joint birthday with my niece penny so
that's gonna be fun we miss to everybody
so pretty hard to believe that you know
Isaac is already one I just don't even
know how one year fully by just like
that and I think back to it and I just I
realize that Isaac has taught me so much
she's taught me to be more selfless
he taught me what unconditional love
looks like and I think ever since having
a child I understand a little bit more
you know that love that God has for me
it was very emotional day of course I'm
really happy and I'm so happy that's you
know he made it to number one hard to
believe that only one year ago I was in
hospital time I was pretty worried about
him because he was in his little
incubator and you know he couldn't
breathe very well and he was pretty weak
and now you know he's strong his farts
can out smell like 10 men combined it's
amazing how much a human being grows
from newborns to now so by the way it
was to this idea to buy Isaac six the
mini the one I suggest it was like a
smaller one with a little handle the
backing just kind of push him but no Tim
pasta Couture the one of the motor
that's technically he can't even use
until like another two years later a mad
dog look pretty cool though but can tell
he's gonna spoil the kid and even like
have a birthday party when I was younger
you know what happened this is not like
a pity party cuz there's no big deal
okay that wasn't it was a big deal for
me okay we didn't really like do two
party things so I had a cousin that uses
and her birthday was ten days before
mine so she would always have a big like
celebration right and at the end of when
I sing there happy birthday soon right
my auntie with like kind of like telling
me to come over and using her cake
they'll sing me happy birthday but I
know it's like a pity happy birthday
song so you can go unsmiling deep inside
I'm dying inside I'm feelin uncle C if
you're watching thank you so much
what do you think was it be like okay
you're done Denise okay feels his
birthday is it come on come on and sing
away Tim and I are cooking a simple
dinner but I'm winning a lot of policies
okay really
he started I can't believe he's actually
using the term big sunbae sunbae hey
yeah what something okay babe I still
come really grasp that's he's won one
he's officially a toddler you know maybe
I'm saying it because he's my baby but
he's just such a good baby he's so easy
to take care of you know he's very calm
and I feel so privileged to be as mom
and I feel even more blessed that I get
to be his first love a pony he is knows
how loved he is it's been a great day
guys I'm going to be going to bed with a
smile on my face
thank you for just sharing this amazing
day with us tonight
