guys we're about to show you something
that is very incredible I'll share this
of you guys not all of us can do great
things but we can do small things with
great love I want to find this part 5r I
use like a packet of crisps
that's a pillow and I just leaned it in
the windows but today we're here at the
picnic and basically it's a national
park
and it's having a slight panic and
because he says starting to not be able
to breathe
because the high so we've been walking
for about one one it's yours
don't turn around in day because like I
think you're gonna trip why why the knee
don't turn around the knee don't take
your clothes off living on the edge
because I don't want to trip on the ball
our good burger
a tyranny this film actually goes back
like millions and millions actually did
the traffic period the sign of water is
so blue Tim is so glad he brought his
selfie stick because the thing is we
don't mind taking food away sir FIFO
anytime but I don't know just me but we
really hate asking people to take booze
for us
I don't know I always feel like I don't
want to bother people so happy to have
one I got your point we're taking food
yeah this is me buddy
cold last night in Croatia great
atmosphere near the castle
we're actually leaving so now we're just
grabbing some last-minute souvenirs
actually pick the big selection here so
you see there's quite a lot they look
really pretty right they don't dry your
skin at all because they have olive oil
at the base and I've really been
enjoying using it so I bought a whole
bunch to bring back a souvenir so one
thing I noticed about Croatia is they
have a lot of lavender like these little
balls
happy birthday it was like what are we
doing but then all the oh yeah you kind
of need to drive me this beautiful
scenery but I don't get to enjoy the
locker unlocker is a beautiful resort
you guys the countryside my best time
was telling me that in its Gillan is the
wettest cranky of Northern Ireland and I
think she's not wrong Lough Erne resort
you know the music goes it
so this is the room as free I guess kind
of old style and cozy here we have an
area for you Gary oh the bathrooms nice
oh we just had a fun time we were a room
chill for a bit and thought it's time I
grab some dinner
no what are they what are they twenty
nineteen twenty nine happy 29th birthday
d trying to get that perfect angle for
her food are you done why well I'm doing
cool I'm sorry mom it is when someone
talks to you and asks you for your food
in but you have food in your mouth so
you look like this so no time for
dessert but it was lots of like it's
pudding but rice all Asians like rice
happy birthday honey
and blow the site taking that fresh air
while we can you know both cool like
he's the whole like oh this leg is
nothing compared to the lakes we saw oh
go on
it's like waterfall where's the history
where's the community ocean
like the board guys we're about to show
you something that is very incredible to
us I'm not even gonna talk about I'm
just gonna show you guys look at that
perfectly trimmed hatch we're not done
yet at the turn back cuz we have to turn
back for the other time again there's
something very satisfying about seeing a
hinge that's just perfectly trimmed and
shaped let's see it again guys perfect
shape of a walnuts I can't get over I
can't get over it we draw pasta like
yesterday
looks like a goober vvv vvv vvv
