feels like I need to go find a toilet
I'd like here at a beach it's like the
home of P so early
we're on a for our bus turning the day's
an early start within traveling on the
bus for three are so one more are to go
so we're just taking a fight break this
place is called stone right and it's
paluska
what does that look like almost feels is
this we're in China it's called a great
wall of stones and according to Tim it's
the second longest mommy wall afternoon
agrawal channel oh look at these peaches
total tourists would she can't speak
English
this is the first time where I actually
went side although oh it's fruit stand
and Barton Creek Anka conned stones
stones I give you stones from stones
anyways sir Torquay and the driver asked
him somebody yeah where are you from
until my life Northern Ireland and you
can see the consumption in their faces
they're like yeah their expression was
like Oh
first I think they were expecting us to
say China Hong Kong Japan man I whatever
I said I'm from Belfast the next
question is is there a lot of bomb
love the streets here and they're very
all right I don't want to work the
square but I feel like everywhere I let
could be a painting the architecture is
lovely very vibrant lunch is served
usually I'm not big on fish but since
coming here I've been getting a huge
appetite for fish they fill in
civilization over there guys surrounded
by the wall so basically during work a
lot of the building or under a different
so a little max and the risk originally
they're doing like a yellow B color and
I got one there but you see all of them
almost got replaced because every
building had a direct hit cool huh - in
the van acaso hi awesome is that on top
of cliff forever alone lots of walking
today so thank goodness I brought my
trainers actually they're not my
trainers there are moms she's the best
she was like Davis would sit I was like
no dear sunscreen no I'm all mature
young trainers know these honey mom
didn't anger some what's wrong with
me when your mum so senses where you
don't fish Oh a bunch of um
entry and people family her time so key
to see the grannies of their perms your
high location
yeah just got a lot harder here eat a
color difference this is original dial
local artists work one key thing I like
the sunset because it's depressing
makes me wanna puke again here's all you
stay cool and really hot whether you get
a funnel and you still gets away from
them then you put your neck I'm scared
bushel there's thunder and it's really
large
every time what my favorites here in
Croatia is actually their fish dip is
actually a if T is very healthy kind of
like using a fish bra and then here
you've got like benefits of free food a
little bit of rice today
oh say food today we're heading up
we're riding the seats like jockeys
gonna be like this burden eggs are must
even we're here I'm Carolyn I've been
sitting with my legs like wide open for
a short and I got off another yet still
good to have it together so maybe this
is what I feels like to go like
horseback riding for like two who are i
we are entering that which really goes
oh well I was just wondering and
extremely tasty
especially your big-haired tomb
look at the water turn site that's it
guys I thought we're gonna see more oh
yeah
Cheers couple to your did she need to
see okay I'm going to her take the water
is pretty much and like these for me
schema interactive honey hmm what
remember kids there's always a light at
the end of the tunnel
welcome to the town of our Island up
Commedia
Kamisha according terrible Oh guys this
place is in the Guinness Book of Records
for having more boats than people
so this yeah this area is known for
fishing Tim dragged me up here this is
this church which is actually pretty
spectacular at the top of the hill it's
so so sunny today and I think it's so
funny because you know people go in
holiday you know before they're like I
just can't wait to get some you know
some good old Sun and then when they get
their deck I need to find some shape
written although this is the first time
I'm on a very pebbly beach
speaking of see Tim really needed to pee
it was like I need to go find a toilet I
was like you're at a beach it's like the
home of pee he rather pee in the bushes
somewhere than doing this see you better
not hit that lady honey oh no skim oh oh
twice earlier I was like careful there's
people over there stuffed on the rocks
don't run him make sure your shoes will
get it which I think this is the moment
I'd in me we are leaving this Rock Beach
Pebble Beach Pebble Beach
oh there's a dump get over there guys
I'll show you
yeah I shouldn't even be here and whore
is nicer than Dubrovnik that wind king
of the world I didn't know there's a
cola calippo I wondered
