I can walk faster than you lunchtime
today I'm having quiche mix eyelet so
they got rice so we got salad we got
pasta and coleslaw we are heading
towards Tim is surprised because I've
never ever been here before I bet they
think I'm a terrorist
even the unemployed here why would you
be a Paris terrorist
Wow I wouldn't they Northern Ireland
would have somewhere like this it looks
pretty this is one he says she looked up
this fake hell she goes honey when we
push Isaac all the way up and then just
drop the problem and he was like that
was like and you're like no they
it's hard part of it
it's the northern ireland's has a part
of it no how come we've been walking for
ages and it still seems really far away
maybe it's not such a bad idea to just
go all the way you do that oh good news
guys have really good news I woke up so
happy and excited we already defined
that we actually hits $25,000 which
means we have enough to build one fully
functioning school in Louisville okay
thank you
why do you always have to ruin my moment
okay so we have enough to build one
fully functional school for your
children up loud you know what that
means you know allows yes between
Vietnam and Thailand do you wear it it
so thank you guys so so much for being
part of this thank you so so much cool
thank you so much for your generous part
for your kind donation just for
everything guys I'm just so blown away
once my dad it's not a lot
please fall please fall he's all right
about now I caught up I caught up with
her and actually this is between you and
my dad is not these little here and
you're still here you're walking faster
you
we she know she raises me to the top get
some exercise after that that looks like
some miracle thing a little picking up
lights coming down
hey I'm fine I'm fine
where's the water in the car
oh wait it was very hard work for you
wasn't it coming up yeah being fish it
was very hard work for you coming up the
most happy to be out of his chair let's
see if he's so scared of the grass Oh
yeah I'm Gangnam gang and that's horse
storm on time ever your first time did
you have a good time I have a great it's
always a good day for a caterpillar cake
oh it's actually called : I had no idea
hello colors coming I'm going to eat you
I actually had to end this donating page
a week earlier than the deadline and the
reason is because we're sorry for ending
the fundraiser page so early guys but I
really appreciate that we already raised
like six thousand dollars inches a few
days adding desks with this you know
we've made about let's just rounded up
to thirty thousand dollars and that is
incredible guys not only receive me
great news that we could build one
school you know I was really shocked to
see that the unicorn tech hops are back
and I didn't even set this or anything
you guys requested it from popular
demand so thank you guys so much for the
continued support and it's keep it going
knives was actually the first design
that I launched and it was really
popular it sold over four thousand tank
tops like a penguin with a hook and ice
cream on the head it's like I'm a little
corn so I don't know I just feel like
this is a sign so yeah thank you for
requesting this back and you never know
guys we might be able to hit the 50
thousand dollar Target after all
purchasing links will be in the
description box all profits will be
donated to pencils a promise of fun
building school guys let's keep the
support going
