ptoo your anniversary honey Cheers enjoy
I don't know sunlight it was this after
your main course my house the very
bottom logic what a way to spend our
12th year anniversary well both year
anniversary 2nd year wedding anniversary
when I'm cool please like my radiator
did you see liquid tonight
he's happy and then next minute he saw
confessions of achieving baby happy two
year anniversary where are we off to -
selfie and our cheese your soul the big
breath only at the kernel we actually
originally reserved the table they're
like but we thought let's just help
Kathy what better way to celebrate than
with fried chicken or a tumbler wrinkles
it freaking be two year anniversary huh
Cheers enjoy a family he's gonna be one
he just fits in the tub below the
epidermis had enough Hey it's so cute I
don't want them to get older anymore
well I do but
this is why I haven't slept in three
days sing at the same household today
cuz get granny and run you want to see
you last night
Jim and I watched life up high on TV and
it was just something on earth oh I
always want to watch it if I heard great
things about it despite not knowing what
it's about
except you know from what I see it's you
know a guy in a bull of a tiger a draft
and a hyena and I were eyeing a time I
will spoil it for those who have never
seen it but I was blown away my question
to those who've seen it all you need to
answer is D Billy the first story or a
second story came home T a surprise
parcel from Jessica and Felix no words
can describe how much I love love love
this girl but hope you're well sending
in your family lots of love hope you
enjoy the goodies for you and your baby
pics on my face for you miss you girl
know that I'm continually praying for
you in the family
hope to see me soon love you Jess Thank
You Jess dear Isaac happy first birthday
what she remembered we pray that you'll
continue to grow into healthy strong boy
it will come to know just how much you
are loved by your family and your Savior
be lucky and see Jess I don't go Felix
thank you guys I need to get anything
you always always spoil us I'm stuck
there's even like this beautiful cool
oily chair feels like Christmas right I
don't want to throw this away
let's party oh this is so cute
brave and handsome little Explorer oh
this is the naked Bourbon ek smoky
palette ooh can't wait experiment with
it it's been so long since I've really
liked makeup on properly as you guys
know this we have a cream eyeshadow
crayon
oh cool they'll click together we have a
blush I think wow bronzer a tint and
this is
I have a cute bug in here and inside we
have we have a butter LONDON oh she's
been talking about these for a bit and
I've been stewing tree so doing Jess she
popped one for me and oh it's just so
pretty little boy who lost his name Oh
oh my goodness
haha this is so cute he is gonna love
this guys Jessica you completely made my
day thank you so much for this is so
special I just want to thank all of you
guys for supporting the cause of
building schools and those so far from
the campaign we have generated seventeen
thousand dollars and six hundred and
sixty four dollars and then from the
donations we have generated four
thousand six hundred and thirty three
dollars together we have twenty two
thousand dollars so only another three
thousand dollars and we can build one
fully functioning school for the
children and mouse there's one that
major thing that I didn't think about it
so previously when I launched the tank
tops it earned a higher profit margin
but even a lot of sweaters are being
sold the profit margin is significantly
lower I'm not really sure from this one
campaign we can reach our $50,000 target
they have to do another campaign to make
up for it a fifty thousand dollar goal
to build two schools but I'm pretty
confident that we can't build one school
and that for me is already amazing
enough thank you so much just for your
generous hearts and I hope from those
who bought the sweaters you'll know that
you know the money is going to a good
cause and you know of course those who
donated just thank you so much you know
just for giving and not expecting
anything in return my parents are from
Laos and they didn't have a great
education system there but at least my
children from the area will be able to
have a better education Wow so thank you
guys so much
that's a huge honor that I could you
know
do this with you guys because if it
wasn't for you guys none of this is
possible I hope this isn't taken the
wrong way but I even posted this on my
Facebook page you know and a lot of my
friends you know it didn't even come
across for them to donate you know even
small and wise or you know anything and
for people who have never seen me or
anything and just to support the cause
it just really warms my heart and I just
want to thank you for being so so
selfless so thank you thank you thank
you for making the world a better place
and for reminding each other that there
is good in the world please keep the
support going guys either by purchasing
a fee or by donating and once again I
want to thank you for believing that
everyone really does have promise
