what is this why why should I get up
with you
signing in this place today
so to make it we are here Tigers we have
and Tim has a bit tighter dick do you
Mike
stop it we are getting are about from
stuff sorted today think Tim wants to
get not only a wrench are he actually
wants to get a waterfall one I was like
what's a waterfall char and apparently
it's kind of streams like a waterfall
pretty cool so bathtub wise we're going
to choose this one looks pretty doesn't
it for the ensuite char we're gonna get
something like this it's very sleek and
simple we bought him a bunch of new toys
because he liked to board at home and he
prefers to play with a water bottle
hmm I could listen to this forever perks
of a rainy day you get to listen to the
rain side I need to pee no oh they're so
precious he's looking at the little
butterfly they're trying to free the
butterfly sighs I don't know how to go
right guys sure hmm mobile bling huh
oh it was la renta to tame 3m and I've
just finished devising the nice surprise
second year wedding anniversary present
I've been a form of little game which we
shall play tomorrow so everything's in
place let's go go
what is this laughing what a player game
other thing you get that - Clarice I'm
fine your anniversary present and this
envelope will be here firstly don't
worry start with some be easy it's been
a while since it's not a trickster huh
Norway people throw me out after eating
but you decided to make something big
out of me hmm
bother you please inside this room so it
makes it easier for you
what goodness is gonna be a long day
people well then that wasn't so hard was
it
time to test if you are fully awake what
has a face empty hands the new arms and
legs no no when you sent or not in your
three lumens
I'm gonna get it
to make sure you didn't look it here's
your next clue I have 88 keys but come
on open the sandals or keyboard keep way
somebody's easy
all your gardening needs no oh when you
want something tasty I will light up
your way mmm there at meet the idols
blush I'm switching you up when you're
in a rush TV sometimes I am dry
sometimes I'm busted
right
he's a clue oh oh that's good
Sookie thirty thirteen you tied us up
afterwards something wasn't in there
before right
oh when I enter here
Hey
oh we are going somewhere where are we
going what do you see this is we're
flying flip building tell me where we're
going
you sure you should is written there
we're gonna Belfast International Hey
Dude what's split check it out brother
yeah finish to your task it looks really
pretty looks a little looks like are you
happy so I'm so I'm where's my present
oh hey all right you all would give him
India her surprise she comes in with I
still do we stop giving each other cards
for so many years I think we should
start doing it again it's really special
to look back to yeah it is like you're
going to the trip as well the iPod of it
wait till your birthday we're going to
Croatia you're not because we are sorry
son
you
