Isaac come here gotta love TK Maxx I
bought this for $9.99 I don't know why
but I figured let's get a cake stand Tim
was saying I was holding it weird folks
holding it like a bouquet so like I'll
buy my supposed to hold it this is a be
handy cuz if it rains I can protect
myself
Emma you're weird
remember my temporary phone that Tim let
me use while my my other phones get
fixed well it didn't but in my defense I
said kind of took this and just went
blop Hey look at him such a boss boss oh
I'm in his way there's three cars and 28
chickens
how many didn't all even he didn't I
don't get it so yeah there's 30 cows and
28 chickens
how many didn't how many didn't what
didn't he didn't uh he didn't get it
guys
you smart me dumb yeah how many didn't
quit yeah
nice Mario innately smart me damnit and
I can me together he's so proud of
himself he's like vlog my masterpiece
this is um from the oven um but I'm
sober I'm so part of him okay what do we
have here
tobot every time I get in the car I
always need illegal on my mumbles like
it's so weird because even at nighttime
even at dawn and I'm like no I don't do
it you be raised good news is we
launched the company in the more b38
corny trees
it's a smiling sheet spoof lips Accord
on it this is a McCarney hang because
you see corny and be kind
so remember 100 percent of the profits
will go straight to funds building
schools in Laos for children so remember
you're not just fooling schools you're
building communities you're building big
people the size I'm wearing is in size
small Tim is wearing a needed so the
purchasing link will be in the info bar
if you guys just want to donate instead
I will have the donating link below as
well so on behalf of the children on
behalf of pencils of promise I want to
thank you guys for your support has
anybody seen the tutorial conspiracy
yeah don't look it up I've been away for
a month and I think the DS done some
work with Isaac
cuz he's TV I don't think so are you
done let's try this
Isaac Isaac come here
Oh Isaac go here
I think he's teething huh so I feel way
to the garage
he's obviously scared and I wait wait my
first look I must turn away
Yeah right me the Lord of my favorite
movies it's so funny he's crying because
Tim's off to collect his parents at the
airport I thought you don't like daddy
huh sunday sunday sunday means Sunday
roast I'm not sure that's a British
thing only is it Sunday Rosa mom one
during a Sunday roast only a British
thing is it
I'm gonna go creep up there we are at a
carving today I have no idea just how
excited I am
I haven't had a good roast in so long
let's talking more eating
this guy all he doesn't eat oh yeah
dessert pavlova Tim Tim loves jelly yes
you guys know he had a code wyne
finnerty puffs
now he's doing the walk of shame
everybody knows now I think everybody
knows that he proved himself actually
Scott ironic because we're wearing
pootie shirts this is you just come let
us enjoy your afternoon without giving
us the situation we smell some butt and
we're like it's gonna be a bad one and
usually one of us sees a change no one
you yeah and I was like I think we need
to what everywhere everywhere probably
TMI but
I think I did that so
Nasus gross I started off us
it was just driving I was like I've got
some inside my nails when your legs a
screw and I was like
actually tasted it in my boy
we discussed and I've washed my hands I
thought I washed it so really the world
as well and your mom it stinks so much
my hands but I can't help smelling it my
people do that it's like when people
fart you're like ill but you keep
smelling it maybe it's just put my hand
on and just let it blow quit to get
hopes I can wash my
please smell it I'll get I'll give you
100 points okay you know you didn't say
I did
I need to feel wind against my kneel no
need to feel suction suction from the
nose 100 points
come on if you do
