your pops oh look is Isaac I'm Mia does
he need a diaper change me oh I'm just
packing to go what time alike are you
leaving alright yes are you gonna miss
me he's like finally I can use this trip
is that appeared oh that's fine man I
thought like to be nice like here's a
little present before I feels like oh I
can't they just discussed making sure I
have everything here I'm gonna miss my
brothers run subside after is
accidentally put a Lulu good idea no
chickie back let's have a sack more
importantly check out our nuts
tim has chicken broccoli bacon smash
I've got a beautiful Irish G we have
vegetable soup what makes Irish
oh wait wait he likes copying a bottle
Hey
right
okay
I was just doing my own thing and then I
realized this was on top of my keyboard
oh my guys it's huge that is absolutely
enormous
so she said mmm are you serious yes look
you guys know this is what happens
why is logic is to let the spider
outside set it free what's husband's
logic open it and try to poke it am i is
somewhere in this car we're not safe you
there's some sort of dota tournament
going on 18 own eSports event Tim thinks
that if he started early he could become
a professional gamer I just like to note
and say sure you will there's like
always and so people this isn't Carolyn
Cielo watching a screen that everybody
can watch at home yeah it's exciting why
do you watch a concert but you see them
right in front of you Isaac's birthday
is coming up on a date she's just gonna
have like a small intimate dude with the
family and then we're going to be
celebrating another bigger event with
family and it's gonna be a joint
birthday with his cousin penny he's got
some stuff here and folks so little
first birthday and plates
paper plates as you can see and we have
much napkins
we have a little party hat show us your
best party face did you guys miss that
face and we have little paper cups as
you can see we have like this jungle
theme going on
Tommy dangled this from the ceiling I
have more stuff that's coming and then
is like a table like a like a table
cover thing right here we need gas slick
we got this armani t-shirt and these are
madee bottoms when we're in London and
Harrods and I think it was like 75% his
clothing is like 18 months because um
yeah we did that lunch and getting on
the other side was one of like my
childhood will one of my high school
friends I haven't seen or spoken to him
in like 10 years he's a professional
boxer and I and he's quite like very
popular and I was like should I go say
higher no no he knows okay yeah Karl if
you're watching them keep it up even
though you know he could see anyone to
help I've never been like you just
figure anything he's just always been
really sweet yeah I'm really proud of
him but yeah I didn't really say hello
because because the only question you
asked was these more popular than me or
here oh I think it's see Joey describing
our line it looks so nice nice nice nice
the scenery behind my mom in-law he
mentioned a really good thing she says
she loves driving in series because of
Africa being seen you know the lamb
they never move you know what she's
right
Tim ISM driving me to where he delivers
because he's to be a little delivery boy
walks losers
so Tim just spent the past half are
driving past Isis and telling me you
know this is where my customer used to
live one of my customers within this one
he was very sensible I especially love
driving over the realms on a full
bladder yesterday and Tempe ordered
Chinese
so when the delivery man open a door is
Irish accent came back full swing okay
all right mate
hi the government long time no see
so where I feel like I'm the same like
when I'm back my accent comes back
stronger so what are some typical
Northern Irish words like we say the
word we allow and stuff like little we
say we have a like little girl we girl
oh we also say yeah so it is at the end
of the word so we say as a nice day so
it is o we say the word like a lot yeah
like like no like I think this is the
wrong place like Chile reading like a
post so we shared and it's retail and
Northern Ireland hmm okay so um pop your
wee card in the we machine and enter
your opinion which an Ocoee bag
it's 5p for do we bike so it is so that
would be one example an example and in
lo Northern Irish accent oh my guest er
day we were in a cafe and Tim was like
can smt and the girl was like some
choice sorry I'm just like laughing
myself get your Bob site don't you learn
at high school I'd be like screaming and
get your Bob Ford is your box art I
think they said it to the teachers which
is so inappropriate
