when your crush walks in wearing these
really tight trousers and you item up
and dime oh yeah
good morning flapper and prep them good
monkey boy
you see my t-shirt guys I needed a
t-shirts I just threw a yawn and then I
realized this t-shirt is yes so as you
can guess this used to be my brothers
but then it shrunk so it fits be nice so
who's laughing now nobody because it
sure isn't funny but in here get your
butt in here I'm so emotional watching
this you know the first episode of
Pokemon so cold lately that you would
never think that we're approaching
August ah
Northern Ireland you're at our empties
for dinner and she made a seafood kimchi
tofu soup and rice hmm perfect for such
a cold day mmm oh my goodness hi papa
look Japan just started to sell pants
ooh shoo shoo punty scrunchies okay you
guys are my witnesses I have been doing
this for years years not you know of
course I did when like I runner to
scrunchies but it really works and I
can't believe like it's actually a
fading is oh so ridiculous
today I think is with the inlaws so I
had a chance to fill in and I'm gonna be
heading out for lunch with my mama I
agree
for starters I have EB charter has cream
of mushroom
hey guys just hanging out at IKEA mum
needs more storage for her ever-growing
collection of clothes bored out of my
mind
help me there's a book here looks like
an ancient Chinese bhiku hello
anus that's nice Oh skidmark ring
joining Riki as we walk the dogs does
this place look familiar to you guys
life is cool I've been busy for you she
caught me a he's called Mac so it's Mac
and Leah and their nickname is macadamia
yeah and I are having a girls night in
look at my brother it's even cooler that
his cap as inside his safety hat we're
also checkout assemble building - do you
think it or are you see that pile over
there that's irony hope so we're at the
top floor this is and this is one of the
attic rims the one here and then another
big rim here and then this would be the
bathroom from upstairs so lots of light
here I want to share a dream that I had
I meant you to my brother
so might be because lately I've been
watching me to them on so I'm I dreamt
that them it was almost as if we were to
go go on and we're bottling against like
I don't think there are pokemons but
yeah so I bottled and then I want and
then it was Kai's turn you guys know Kai
so Kai went against this old lady and
the really weird thing was kinda to an
actual penis like a penis was like a
vegetable on it it was really weird
because obviously you know they both
approached each other and they were
running towards each other in a bottle
but you know the old lady was really
slow because you know she's an old lady
um Kai was slow because he you know he
was a penis so you didn't have legs so
um it was just kind of like really
slowly gliding oh I don't even know why
um yes it was a definitely very crazy
game the first time I dreamt of someone
at the penis I just have a lot of crazy
dreams lately
not sure why maybe I should look it up
a lot even just you know dreaming off
penis dreaming off someone as a genital
huh
so unless your cousin yes what does it
mean just got back from the grocery
store sometimes but you know when I
watch vlogs they share you
what's a nerd grocery bike well we have
gooda
we have honey rose ham some couscous
spinach and pine nut solid got some
almond milk some bread spread your good
for Isaac this stuff is called slur and
back then when we were kids we used to
like think this was wine and when we
drunk it with over really cool some
lassi mindil flavored drink this is for
Isaac as you know seekers eggs this is
for tomorrow my auntie's coming over so
we got some dessert and this was from me
I've had this for ages it reminds me of
like one else in for me scoop ah thank
you for coming back
I'm so happy to have him back my
parents-in-law check in for a couple day
so I can land do some projects for a
deadline did you miss mommy
miss mommy did you miss mommy no you did
this moment do you mean that do you mean
that I say do you mean that you don't
miss you don't mean that
okay Hales knows the dance to mother
Goose club mr. step then is it going
said hiding behind a tree ha ha ha like
a bunny hop hop hop when your crush
walks in wearing these really tight
trousers the item up and dine
oh yeah I have a question why are you
wearing a nightie
show us your nightie my little lady is
over toys TV show us your ID dear ok see
you guys
does this look like an ad or would you
look like a full-grown man in a nightie
oh ok I'll funnier
it might be anymore Oh shake you like to
you guys
