it's an early day for us has ended just
what it's like to wake up in a sign
Hisle I think it's like 8 a.m. granny
Bub's over radio okay Kankakee today is
gonna be a long long but also tea and
school kind of day it's as British as it
gets I spent today scraping the moss out
of the pavement so it's relaxing time
meanwhile then you scrape sample into
your kitchen tile just I'll go and then
I leave I can fly I believe I can touch
the sky I think about it every night
wings inside
so and your arms are broken help me I
think he likes uh you're out of ideas
what else you got No
all right this is unappropriate yeah
like this little head it to my first
ever carpet sale today why is my brother
also far away why is he running as if my
short legs don't make it hard enough for
me to catch up we're here you said oh
just make sure
I'll buy your high-scoring present here
and also your birthday present
feeling generous I'm just joining Buddha
buncher this is what I carve it still
looks like I were just looking at
different if a community speeches are so
hard don't know how to pick it hmm
I don't like it all white I think it
likes to clinical I kind of like this
color hmm good morning today we have
lots of good news first good news is my
coffee is getting better second good
news is my bracelet I am so happy with
the final sample I just cannot wait to
share the bracelet with you guys see
he's excited - are you excited as well
yeah since the last time I've been here
I feel like our fridge magnets just
magnified let's see what's inside the
sign high school fridge we have yard we
have lots of fruit all oh this looks
good eat pie for breakfast in this home
we all have chicken slice for breakfast
I don't I just grew up and it was a norm
you know my momma my granny would make
us pie chicken pie for breakfast and
then I see this a friend homes and
that'd be like what do you want for
breakfast not be like chicken pies
please and they're like No
do you like chicken pie my little
psychotic baby his teeth are so funny
like if you would just like it like this
part you think he's a fill on to your
old wallet 'yes this is a baby a baby
that's turning ones you'd be one next
month look at the state of this room
look at this you think it got raided or
something this was my granny today when
um when Isaac fell asleep too like this
everybody shut up
we have just discovered that I do really
likes it when I pretend to be a bunny
you little nick bateman update for today
oh my goodness his friends are all
ripped are you are you kidding me
that's double even his dog is perfect
okay bye-bye
by the way this was happened for the
third time and we're still Falls for it
he's got you wrapped around his little
thumb okay okay bye bye
okay and I for a real pretty boy
