okay I just shared a very sub story put
them together like this my granny meets
the best pork and potatoes and she also
makes the best chicken wings you know hi
dogs like extra cute when you wash them
run in slow motion well ty decided to
record Isaac in slow motion but it came
I kind of creepy you'll see what I mean
Oh Oh the joys of a baby who needs an
iPad when you have a recyclers Band
lorry
I think it's helping me look for
bathtubs and toilets Isaac's hair is
longer at the back and it's been really
bugging longer ages so she's cutting it
off a pine a makes him look like an old
man we are here at Belfast castle
imagine telling someone you live in a
castle high off of the thoughts it's
your first time in a cat this is leg
my first time being here despite living
pretty close to here who supposedly a
lot of people have wedding is here oh I
can see why I can see why for sure fresh
air when you're older find me this Cosmo
we're dining here today it's really
quiet so I think Phoebe dude okay let me
put you in a dungeon this is a castle
after all yes just just yeah do that
oh that to me that um when he hyper read
the list it reminds him of a dog not
like he just compared my child to adore
okay
I'm still in the process of reading the
letter books I see right Tim so I find
out more information about this heist I
actually built this for our first year
anniversary together so it's called the
happy forever hi so Lindy and Tim
there's a meaning inside the house I
want you to look at the house and smile
it's full of happiness paint it nice and
bright when you look inside the house
you'll know that one day means you will
share that bed
I mean you will live in a really happy
hi Scott belongs to us us us only I put
in a lot of some gay which means effort
love and care at that house and I smell
I smell because I'm happy and I give it
to you for anniversary I'm gonna take
this house and see what in sight looks
like hopefully I don't break this so the
riff comes up oh my goodness oh my
goodness there's a full-on bed there's
curtains there's a picture
there's a lump there's a sofa a table
and a book I'm a little cherub of
bedside table even shelves even got like
a little clock
ah even a telephone over there I
remember a while ago my friend Sonya
your when she had her baby she lost a
lot of hair but luckily her hair started
to grow back but she got this look she's
got a lot of baby okay no I I completely
know what she means again do you guys
see like do you see this going on and
it's not even just here like it's all
over
I had this look it looks like it looks
like armpit fluff huh but a good news is
I am getting the things on my hair back
today I'll be going back to the fine
household Tim's parents they're away
degrees for a week you guys know it's
mommy's birthday so hope she has a
really great time and she's honestly
such a role model like it's unsane hi
well I get along with Tim's mom Nick she
treats me like her own daughter and I am
just even 50% like her I think lucky you
watch me bleed until I can't breathe
shaking falling to my knees
30 of kisses
