good morning off to you take our kitchen
today I was saying the Tim like the
kitchen will be some parties and even to
me and he was like it's okay I'm not
gonna be in any way so we're here at a
garden center right inside said designer
isn't in to later so we're just burning
time so since my best friend just
recently got a heist
congratulations I'm going to see if I
can find her like a little housewarming
present Prannoy actually just got her
this this Robert is so random was
because like she's obsessed with bunnies
and she was like should I get a bunny or
are doll gonna like definitely a dog but
here's your bunny grabbing lunch with
mum and I have my little friend here
there's instruments all over here hi
this is a shadow node actual name for it
but it's like a a Chinese piano if I am
NOT wrong I could be wrong
Tim's mum actually places and when I was
younger I always wanted to learn this
after watching like a lot of like
old-style like Chinese Shamas and the
old ancient dramas usually there's like
a female and she just entices she
entices whoever's watching her whoa it
says good already ready to hear my
masterpiece
are you playing it just some high signs
okay today it's black is episode we
decide fit the letters I used to write
Tim this was over 10 years ago guys and
here I wrote once upon a time Lindy and
Tim got married here is a plan of their
house this would be downstairs and
upstairs so in the hall we have a living
room here a big kitchen what was study
and Tim's back a room which means his
gaming room then he go upstairs
this is a master bedroom the Lindy's
makeup table it's funny because in here
Tim Mooney has like a set of drawers we
have an all suite here
Lindy's rim off more closed bathroom
it's got two sinks hmm that's a dream a
and some extra rooms here just so
surreal how much things have changed
since then I asked Alice with little
brother and little cousin Davey 11 days
your birthday okay
technically cuz or at the user everyday
we should eat cheek every day because of
someone's birthday rolling away do we
have enough green broccoli cabbage dad
got a new TV it's my heart to be thicker
than me on it is so cute wait don't not
not like that it's your siblings they
both look so bored I haven't really been
updating my Instagram or anything
because I'm mine even my samsung s6
broke so I'm using Tim's temporary phone
first well problem I'm used to using my
other phone yeah my dad made me fake
them instead of eating chips and with
salad my favorite way to eat speak is
actually with ice what about you guys
this is what uncle uncle Ricky gets up
to you shower your chuff where's my
money
you're three days give me back your dad
okay
he looks like a balls already what we're
doing you be dodging me yet very weak
where's my money
I said again where the hell is my money
I'm sorry master
Butchie look at you good morning
why is his highchair so low and he made
us have four buttons each one down three
to go
like thinking a button that's kind of
looks like E he looks like a man house
it's you know enticing
this is Kai's hair when he's at home do
you like it guys haha sigelei another
pony too
little musician in the making that will
actually really cool yeah so can you get
them off okay
