what do you have in my bag that could of
crisps food is most important
we're here at Belfast City Airport
we're here in Manchester and I catching
a train to Sheffield
Annie and Benny picked up sushi from Edo
only the best in Sheffield so thank you
so much Tom oh this is actually called
the Godzilla so it has everything in it
looks epic we just spent the past five
minutes totally creeping out on Oh
what's he called my friend Benny just a
sunglasses will be perfect we're thank
ya Sonny so we can like stare at a woman
her what my being noticed like a lot of
students are dressing up funny like this
one supposed to be like you know the
game snake
Crash's starting soon
then you get all that grass really
really beautiful day for a wedding
this is where a ceremony's gonna be dice
Table six
like this thank you for sharing our
first meal as a loser and mrs. Chen and
there's a ladies menu at a men's menu
and I believe the ladies menu we get
fish on the guy menu gets when I get
nd in terms of eight kids
pretty good
we're hearing away pal burger lobster
yummies irve-2 thing zeros are three can
either get for lobster burger or lobster
roll football to you as you can see
everybody just get officer their chips
are really delicious here because the
sauce is also time for me to go back to
Northern Ireland and time for him to go
to Hong Kong so this is the little
Hamleys in their quarters so let's see
if there's anything with guys I roll up
this carry me at the ng residence but
he's currently on his way to Hong Kong
because you know I just got a lot of
stuff this store here in Northern
Ireland front of new heights and you
know in Hong Kong he's got a lot of
stuff this order and plus the dogs I
just didn't want to leave them for so
long so we're missing daddy but we got
the other nd here
in terms of childhood bedroom so I
actually just find is this is a book of
letters I check out to date guys first
letter I wrote him off this book fourth
of August 2013
so almost 12 years ago chariot guys okay
I hope my holiday to Salou will test to
see were on when we start so I was
really like bummed I tonight be away for
two weeks three whole weeks right guys
huh that's what love is like when you're
like 1516 feel like Frenchie reading is
still better when you read is little
bigger like why can't Lindy write neater
well my answer is there's no point doing
this fake handwriting my natural hair in
writing is quite messy the thing is my
writing looks quite neat here to me so
hmm and a whole sorry guy which means
you're a meanie texting me you'll make a
baby with someone else you can go and
find someone else if you have the bone
see which means that we have the ability
you silly really he you're such a you're
such a weaver Chabad I love this solo
it's although mean silly guy I'm just
messing with ya nice pens I'm so glad
that's his pens
I've always felt really blessed from a
little she does make days on my life and
it's always great to like watch back at
them and it totally made me smile but
yeah I was just wondering like when was
the last time I just when I undid my
thing we had camera in my hand so there
were a lot of moments were actually felt
em - what by my camera
I just wanted to just enjoy life as it
is so I apologize for being a my a so
I'm back and I'm ready to capture my
moments belly I'm singing with Tim Foley
which is technically my family as well
who you guys are gonna be missing Tim a
lot so so I apologize you will be seeing
Tim and the next few blocks to come
surreal being here and in this bedroom
again it's weird
I drew this like maybe like seven eight
years ago and this is me drawing Tim as
a baby but no I we have a baby together
and this house I made it for her night
of lollipop sticks you know just sort of
to say that I can't wait to one day
build a dream home with you and you know
we really have a home together lots of
memories in here and you guys are about
to see some photos that you're gonna be
like what wow this was probably I think
this was 10 years ago at least oh my
goodness you guys are about to see
something okay so this is 12 years ago I
don't know why but I just thought I'll
put some pictures myself and put in a
book
yeah yeah look I can I used to be I
think this is a hilarious picture of me
smush you know what I think so too
