okay right ready one ready
being on a giant and a giant fluffy
flood
what are you doing Mia not much just
checking my email my mum got this a long
time ago my dad was like that's
disgusting what did you buy this is just
did my mama's hair would I look from its
from confessions of a hair stylist so
pretty right well when I was like first
time a try
not bad eh not too shabby hey mom
muscled her show your outfits Oh or not
see even his skins gone all dry cuz not
used to the weather we are creating pie
right now we're trying to decide if we
shouldn't make it from scratch or every
should you buy one this is my lovely
brother-in-law in case you guys are
wondering he's been wonderful especially
cuz Tim is on holiday right now he's
really been like helping me out
come on Ricky ID underwear I forgot to
pack underwear here to plumb my granule
like you can firefighers like um cuz my
granny's underwear so big I'm gonna get
this skirt shortened short people
problems
it is shorten everything he loves his
uncle Kevin Oh
for those who are wondering where my
brother's been
here he's picking me out shopping I just
got a SIM card for a dongle that means I
could use Internet on-the-go
because I shall be three days uploading
video three whole days Riki the gym if
hanging out would be and currently in
pre mark with my baby brother what do
you think of these Ricky hey what do you
think of the color
my spot will be different they remind me
of mom you want to help me pick can you
hold these for me come on Ricky hold it
for me come on come on family barbecue
this is Ricky's event yes someone else
is cooking we have some BAPS more little
small buns couscous takes a trip back
famine we have some skewers some burger
some sausages and of course the dogs no
me my best friend Annie she always does
chores here look all they watch you have
the rubber gloves on what are you doing
Annie after eating that barbecue we are
here burning some ah-ha-ha-ha-ha
yeah look at this everyone was empty
oh okay let's get you milk I want to
show you guys I'm some inspiration I've
been getting Ford in a new heist so I'm
not quite sure let's start a kitchen
verse and this is the kind of style that
I make so I like the floor I think I
quite pretty and wondering if this is
true white this one looks a lot home ear
I kind of like you know the slight tinge
of the green so you can see we have like
a little bit green I think I definitely
1/8 colorful not not like really bright
but slightly colorful kitchen cos I want
something that looks happy and this
looks happy right bedroom I kind of like
the whole peach with gray and the stuck
egg color
I think the combo goes really well is
very relaxing or you know I like the
teal and the the coral I think it goes
really well living room wise those
floorboards look pretty and looks really
cozy right maybe because Mia is a girl
dog she loves she loves me little chief
she loves Isaac she's always trying to
go near him ha ha she just loves Isaac
good girl maybe female dogs have more of
a maternal instinct maybe I took a
carrot yeah you truly don't make leo
oh yeah
hahaha oh yeah it's good isn't it
I think you know what's just you're in
my way
oh you have to come look at mock
beautiful weather as you can see and
Northern Ireland are just driving in the
countryside we're going to kitchen
shopping today so far thing earlier we
were in a showroom like 10 min so like
why I was for every lady Despard it was
like just bar that's like really Lord
Samara see when you gotta go you just
gotta go so on the car this vitro maxing
all right let's do this pro I've been
pretty lazy lately but in general I'm
not a very hairy person usually I pluck
let's try this let's get a few layers so
I offered it yourself how did you get to
the way wasn't working I'd Polacks it
3-2 what mums gonna help me do the next
armpit because I don't want to pull it
wait mom wait yeah okay okay what anyone
you ready
and what salute me but some zombie about
there another one though that doesn't
hurt as much
I think I'm just gonna continue to use
my tweezers oh we're off to market
chilly went good I'm gonna get back up
she made him sign as if you know it's
like winning Disneyland a mum she's
going straight for the mangoes she noses
what she's looking for
I wonder one day I'm gonna get excited
about buying fruit
Bardot's mangoes with but there's
coconut so I get credit by the baby
aisle this is what my life has come to
