Hong Kong is getting slightly warmer
there which means happier kids this is
yours when you're a baby you know that
I'm currently coloring my hair I like to
use a garbage bike cut a hole in from a
head and then once I'm done
now I just wait could it more like a
seal I early in the morning and this
guy's whinging already dared on it's
like the reasons that he was crying
yesterday too many bubbles in islamabad
the flora beans you cold finding a
little bit of dirt between us
fingernails that son was when we were
playing and we're tickling and I chewed
on his they all nibbled an ethereal
little but no like I'm achieve your ears
I had to actually pretend to spit out
his ear and attach it back on mister
stick Bubba I never seen his complexion
like this before as happy as he is
holding his his button you have a pop OH
- literally
and yet it's okay for him to steal mine
oh and when he takes my note is not just
my key proper girl absent toys they were
this tiny but very deadly hunts how come
you can eat my news and eat your hunt
haha I got your hand I got ya look at
your hands look at look down your hand
is still there how could I have your
hand
right Multan life forever microwaving
your routine because you never have time
to finish so thank you so much for your
recommendation guys I had no idea that
magnesium I can take for my insomnia and
I think it's working really well so far
actually most of us are magnesium
deficient another ibuprofen night
Tim's off to dinner with his boys
businessman Forests MoEF Ramallah yell
comfy yeah mismo well which makes me so
thankful because I'm fully recovered
just chillin
anyways yesterday I went for a little
dunder I don't know I just feel like
doing something for myself
yesterday so I just under Din to a
beauty salon I just pretty much one
thing and I said like my skin is really
really dry and irritated I was saying
that oh I'm a mother of two kids and I
feel like that for the past six months
I've really let myself go and I just
want to park up my skin again and
they're like leave it to us
you should have high floor and I was
like okay sure I don't know that is the
girls are really really nice until it
was time to pay and they were trying to
like persuade me to do a course we need
to buy these products you have to and I
actually had to say look I'm not
comfortable the whole hard selling
strategy so you can just zip it I've got
a sore feeling pretty good about myself
but obviously leaving a big hole in my
pocket should have done this earlier but
I start comparing some of the prices and
other salons I feel like maybe I got
ripped off I don't know how I cannot
deny that my complexion is looking
pretty good to date I'll never be as
firm as Harris
supposedly the effects are really gonna
come in in two weeks time I feel like
lately her her motor skills has really
improved a lot Emily good morning
it is currently half 12:00 and later and
evening I'm gonna be having some dinner
if girls so Kate keep playing with baby
sister
do you like played with Lala
meet some of my girlfriends for dinner a
little bit time crunch cuz I only had
like three hour when you defeat Ayla so
one hour to come out one hour for dinner
one hour to go home I feel for good day
Ayla is hopping pear which is a bit
constipated
so making salted duck egg congee
it's like she's telling me off because
it's like disturbing her TV she's a diva
let's all take a moment to look at the
window check out that beautiful egg yolk
isn't it beautiful
oh my goodness seven and it's my first
time sitting doing it it's been like
non-stop all day feels quite nice if it
my feet up I'm actually quite worried he
bring for a couple days no I I tried to
make him go to doctors today but he's
like oh we sick to go today I'll go
tomorrow when I feel better and I'm like
does not defeat the purpose a little bit
good morning guys
I caught up Nathan early did a lot the
hexerin and even though I point Mazzoni
like in the last 20-30 minutes it takes
an hour there and an hour back a little
worried with how things are gonna go in
here because Tim has been sick he's been
very very sick
Tim seems to be the last one out of all
of us to get it but some part of most
who like what he knows why I was so
emotional because it was quite a bad one
many differences when a mother is sick
nothing changes because the host would
fall apart I have an appointment with
Kerry Cheung
she's a finder of care new booty because
basically coming back I knew I wanted to
get my fur on again I'm semi-permanent
makeup
I knew that this time right I wanted to
get the best so very nice of Kerry
obviously people to squeeze in a
consultation with me but all goes well
I'll be doing the treatment tomorrow I
know it's not sponsored guys it could
easily be but I'm not okay
I need to quickly head back home where
everybody meets mummy
picked up some stuff to make right
dinner and some medicine for chicken I'm
praying that what he has isn't different
from what we had either he's dealing
with monthly or he's just got something
different so I would like to think it's
a man blue it's like a three-month
waiting list this is a bride that she
drew on me so she told me to go home and
see what I think I think I like it but I
might want to have a little bit
straighter luckily I fed a lie right
before I left so father-in-law was able
to just look after the kids for a couple
of hours where I my father-in-law is
taking Tim to the doctor's aim is a seat
opposite and we're just having some
quiet time
