come to fight tea a little sleep and I
figured I get some quiet time to do
I do a little bit of watercolor
so yesterday I did this
today's code is to love the little
moment
and I still asleep so um ya know I'm
painting a hedgehog but the inspiration
from this pic on google meet my friend
Gilbert my little buddies like Harry
tomorrow afternoon I am going to be
giving myself a beauty treatment more
horror scream some sort of cinnamon tea
an easy peel I'm just asking for two
runs but if it happened it's gonna be so
horrid oh you like that Oh too much too
much money
Scrappy's comes to record this girl was
done for 14 hours last night 14 hours
are you looking at yourself
then did you didn't do your so much fun
you're like a doll a doll at poops come
fight day huh that worked
I've been trying to burp operations good
morning everybody I'm gonna attempt to
take it quick
a galaxy pinky so I have seen quite a
few of these on surround poets the
authors is so cool but I've never really
attempted it so I just watched a
tutorial on YouTube I think I have this
light just on harder recreate it so we
shall see I cannot believe that myself
are created in the past 10 days
everybody needs a hedge hug I did this
one for Isaac kook do you guys know
Pengy is his absolute favorite I love
you big much it's actually something
that I always say which is so cute this
one you guys have asked me to do a
tutorial on painting I'm really for you
guys Octus it's just that what do you
really started I'm watercolors for not
even not even four days I'm sorry this
most Illinois so this is still new to me
but I'm up for sharing you guys my art
journey because there's a lot of great
artists out there I just don't feel like
I'm about the stage too I guess
teach you guys how to paint because I
didn't even know what I'm doing with the
time okay comment asking me bubs hard a
heck do you manage to do these paintings
when you've got a toddler and a kid two
reasons one is watercolor generally is
very quick for me you don't I guess you
might think it might take ages but it
really doesn't it's really quick to do
so sometimes I would just hold a lil one
hand and just paint in the kitchen
Carter
somebody commented bubs I feel what your
flogs but I feel like your your older
vlogs or a better back then you just
share your thoughts your passion
party so basically a to share my
passions like arts my thoughts raising
money for schools and just seems like my
folks these days are dollar vlogs and
it's just mostly about my kids so
whatever higher I was saying you know
what I'm actually getting intimate art
again and you know when it comes to
fundraising for schools we're already
planning our next field trip to Ghana
and I'm already planning on raising more
money for schools and I realize that
Kylie's deny that things really are
different I I mean it's not just that my
folks are more centered or my kids my
life is centered around my kids I'm
really great please still watch my
videos after all these years you know
I'm sorry that you think the older vlogs
were better but you know what I actually
enjoy editing my flow even more
currently than I did before I mean I did
then but but not even more so on life
isn't meant to be constant you have
really stayed the same you know any grow
three changes do you agree that these
days my vlogs are too much centered or I
might get this because I think they're
so cute and that's a pride parent I want
to capture those moments and when I left
back is so special but of course I
wanted to be about me as well I should
really paint maybe I'll use a pink this
is nice
this one just really a bunch of Blues
and a noir
you wake up from the dream and there's a
signora
you see we rise
and the colors
oh I believe the whole thing by painting
galaxies is I need take your time I want
it dry as you add another layer and then
when it dries you another layer when it
dries your under layer so this will be
interesting because you guys know how
impatient I am the Torah I watch is set
to focus on the center on being light
and the edges being darker I'm just
gonna let this dry for now and then do a
little bit of mopping not completely dry
yet but I'm just gonna add some layers
on
second there or Dini get really cold so
a nice veggie broth is great I gotta say
feeding galaxy okay to be more patient
and your name goes dilemma Detroit for
Flair I'm peeping a whole separate
picture boiling wait for this to dry I
got this layer to drive it and move on
should I check third one that noise is
either really irritating or really
relaxing Wow am i sleeping for a while
this girl makes her sleep this is a part
of in like waiting for
all right so it's almost sudden I can
just draw distill away off the trees
I think I'm done with this one
surprisingly again fairly very simple to
do I think anyone can do it but you just
got to be patient and wait for the
layers to dry every time I think my
trees don't look natural enough though
but pretty happy with it
what quote should I put underneath it
