yeah
winning Mac with a cooler boom oh oh my
okay okay wheels on the bus it's nice
being back home but I sure do miss the
fast internet Hong Kong look at this
morning I was like why does my body
hurts so much let me remember yesterday
at the park we were like you know doing
we're using the machines and messing
around and oh good afternoon I got the
best sleep ever I'm boring my brother's
room and he's been demoted to the spare
room
I just know there's something to fight
about his face your eyebrows look too
neat who did it for you who did it for
you my granny if she just feels like
eating veggies and just come out and
like pick them - got different types of
greens starting to grow snap peas
started grow potatoes
she's to grow melons hello hi Mac Mac is
like a Friendly Giant very calm very
sweet very dizzy and me is more just
smaller but she's more smart and nimble
having lunch at the parents and baby
brother
Scully the plants enemies me thing about
my garden the view like I want to like
be to type that can grow vegetables in
my in my garden one day thank you much
cheaper to treat I got chicken broccoli
baked with mashed potatoes and
vegetables
one of my favorite table lists I load
the dogs again
to the park he makes it look so easy I
wonder if they're really strong
okay it was my idea so was asking for
can't believe that just happened like as
if one dog isn't strong enough but to
some more yes he actually walk these
every day they listen to her yeah Mac
yeah run away when you kids were all
okay okay hey so they're dachshund
look at Cordy the fuckery really really
you three-peat have a concussion really
my fault
because I saw like I knew two dogs are
strong I was like I think I can do it do
you like hi I'm going out like this with
a sheet mask cuz I didn't put it on so I
want to waste it he looks disgusted my
anyway let's start by chopping right yet
because what I really wouldn't do is
just the stop next go - go
20 percent and it took like for ours
and last night I left overnight in the
field it was on 30% fours ago it's been
six percent I'm just gonna console this
because it's not gonna work guys it's
been a really nice day I'll be hit I
smacked my head off the floor but I was
really asking for and I just totally
forgot that like Mac and Mia like even
just one of them it's like my body
weight so yeah I was asking for it
totally not their fault
hello you Rascals thanks for the trip
earlier tired : ight soon my kids
imagine winter being done with them they
are going to hate them because like
these dogs cuz you're still puppies they
don't mean to intimate dogs they're just
really friendly what I really missed
being back home is just being able to
chill and my brother Ricky I don't know
why but my brother and I just always get
out the stuff so what's been really
great hanging with him again it was
actually yesterday that some you know
will went to the park again and it
started to rain so we we tried to make
our way back as possible eventually we
had to hide underneath the tree and then
I saw like this figure run towards us
and then like we kind of realized that
was actually my brother Ricky and it was
running over with an umbrella and this
made me think you know heroes comes in
all shapes and sizes and forms a double
Mel's like my hero I encourage you guys
to be a hero and you know do something
good for someone who are expecting
anything in return
