please good-o 13-hour flight with a
teething 10-month baby it's gonna be fun
next we have the bazooka
be be careful that is actually how he
carries him most of the time guys like a
bazooka so all you see is his legs from
your life why do I camera all up
I'm gonna miss you guys I have quite a
lot up the sword I have four at any
house I'm gonna be back for at least a
few weeks but Tim is gonna come back
earlier for the dogs I don't want them
in the doggy come for too long I mean
they enjoyed our time at a doggy company
well storm water hose especially but I
don't want to leave them for too long
yeah come with me please
WG and do so much to soap and glory I
don't know that this is actually
customized II got my name on it
just quickly tested it on my legs and it
smells amazing guys it looks like you're
naked come here Oh like he says okay you
just like see this that it's it this is
it sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit
sit sit sit sit this is so chill
so good to do today sleep drool smile
sleep again cry and giggle
they say this seems like it's drooling
and crying apparently this is going to
tell me my mood or I'm feeling select
the color you find most pleasing then
pull it into field one okay apple green
color the color you find most on
pleasing probably this brown one
all right so almost there okay continue
to interpretation well this is a really
detailed episode this is pretty awkward
though again again you consciously adopt
a positive interacted this helps you
better sound up under hardships of the
present you create goals projects or
ideals for yourself that give you a
boost and hope that your life will be
better and happier you search for ways
which allow you to enjoy life without
care and the spend more time devoting
yourself to things that bring you joy
way that's very true your stubborn
attitude could easily provoked
confrontations I am stubborn and miss
you guys but very soon you will come
back to the UT with us okay are you
gonna miss me Tim just go back from the
post office in time so I wonder who this
is from meso Singapore you guys know I
talk about Singapore all the time I
always went and I miss it
I will makes me love Singapore so much
are down way too people and the group of
amazing bub scribers that I met and
really cool thing is even them away we
still keep in touch all the time through
Twitter and Instagram and actually a lot
of them have come together and like you
know made friends of each other so I
think it's really really cool so now I'm
like I wonder was in here because they
just spoiled me so much of love we have
an Angus beef back in here it's just
full of letters from different people oh
my goodness more reading for me awesome
the fetch toy for Chucky and Dumbo
if there's a book in here if his faith
is like seeing light with your hearts
when all your eyes see is darkness
amen I don't know why but you know what
it comes with this type envelope it
makes me feel like I'm opening something
really confidential Thank You Jory I
have a jar here only books could open
this from Nicole inside this three
sixty-five jar you will find 365 notes
of different messages I want to tell you
each morning you can pick one I embrace
the started bubble full day all right
let's read one I mean like she actually
it's time to write 365 of these that is
dedication and every right here don't
dwell on the past think about the future
I'm going to bring these back to you
Kate with me because I'm flying back
tonight so I have plenty of need reading
today there's another package here and
it's awesome from before actually thank
you so much the engine for this isn't it
beautiful
why yeah oh yeah mom it is just so
hectic today we're gonna be flying off
to a tonight 10 run baby's 13 our
flights which is good look not going to
lie
nervous but as long as it's a safe
flight it's gonna be a good flight here
we are
Nazi Airport this is the first time we
ever had a trolley full of suitcases I
used to look at people act on this girl
we used to just carry one by ourselves
and we just wheel it and I we actually
need one of these are you good oh maybe
the MCUs
13 our flight with a teething 10-month
baby it's gonna be fun
I think he's overtired guys but family
is gonna be a beautifly actually why are
you so happy
yeah just hyper Oh Soph I studied get
all my energy nights he's got so many
toys light up Toy Fair piano but nope he
likes a donut totally just peed on me
when I was changing him Thank You uncle
Ian for his captain zip I'm seeing as he
ever if he misbehaves on airplane people
will still think he's good enough to to
not be modest
oh and enjoy yourself simple life
I
I enjoyed my
noise changed again
