such a coincidence um you know lately I
adopted the new light model which is to
live courageously I saw this book and I
just thought I have to get it why don't
we think that I underlined some stuff
look isn't it coincidence
we're all capable of great things that
we live courageously and it reminds me
how I always said hey guys you're all
capable of greatness but you have to
live courageously here's a part of I
trying even if you only partially
succeed you'll still be better than
those who didn't try the worst thing
that can happen is you will fail but if
you don't even try
you have filled already I'm in temper
this is a temper
oh man I picked me to gun first of all
Paul thank you for this just for fun
we're gonna put it on him and see how is
he like yellow is your favorite color
uh-oh what is this oh he doesn't look
impressed
music so angry I say how do you get this
check it donut
Oh Oh what hmm I think you see slippery
sitting crystals a human bust air this
is why I have the best the best
subscribers ever Rebecca if you're
watching thank you so much for this and
even laminated them but you can't tell
this is me and I'm even wearing my nerds
white t-shirt and then the dog this is
Tim and um there's Isaac and chubby
sweetest sweetest thing that Rebecca's
it was at the fact she also wrote
letters one per actually says hi there
you can't read this yet and you don't
know me but did you know even before you
were born so many people were
anticipating your arrival and did you
know you're not by so many people I
think you're still so small but you're
already achieving a great thing you're
making so many people smile hala and
makes me so sad to know that you're
going to be in Hong Kong when I'm away
no so for now Rebecca I just want to say
that I love you and whatever you do in
our future I support you 100%
look at her drawings she's so talented
and even at the back
she left this for me which is very
strong with me which is so so sweet
here is another care
Claire if you're watching thank you so
much you have sent me so much stuff I
just I just can't believe the month of
time you just would use for me to put so
much effort into this so it's gonna be
so fun when I read this so this is going
to be my night read when I need it it
would be so special to me and a happy
mood she included temporary tattoos
because you guys also know that I'm like
obsessed of temporary tattoos lazy all
my goodness are there some like
devotions here is feel so lucky that I
have so many their little brothers and
sisters in Christ is like a keychain of
like an the entire top little family oh
my goodness this is so adorable
oh tutorial earrings here we have like a
a bracelet of a cross on it me I mean
your mommy or whines mmm goodness I
you're a monkey you look at the heart
when I eat my banana so Tobias Avery so
back facing hurt
oh wait g-got see
I'm off to a visit lunch really really
funny but there's whiz
yes and it's not even humidity so it
feels wonderful feels as if I'm me
ever
I don't know why he was trying to
overtake every bus everything because I
party they were too slow at one moment
he sped up next to a school bus swara
the bus driver with hand signals when
the kids at the back were literally like
very awkward movement because I wasn't
looking at them like someone's half
crying half laughing see are you see
like it has to be from this week oh yeah
okay
no he's eating again I mean it's evil up
today today I'm wearing my denim dress
from ASOS the basic t-shirt denim piece
so these days just like basic things
haloo the Most High
I come here bitching drastically Oh
get ready for it
