I hope you didn't pay him for this she
looks like half a chicken on half a dog
Annette something bad and I can hear him
in the toilets and try to think what he
could have eaten good we have to
evacuate are you okay the only thing you
can do is try to look at it as system
cleansing but thanks for the pictures on
whatsapp though you've been updating me
throughout the day with very graphic
pictures remind me to turn off auto
download on my what's up fish fish the
mission yeah he doesn't like what art
what exactly is he doing you don't like
to see happen with fish
anybody else's spend like this when
they're not well instead of like taking
anything to feel better rather sleep it
off
how do you sleep off diarrhea it was
like hope I don't put my sleep like me
neither
yes Daddy feeling better today hug
please give me a free hug
I woke up this morning not to the size
of birds but to other signs coming from
the bath I can stand up didn't good good
I'm wearing my dress that I got
yesterday 60 Hong Kong dollars well
cheap also have my Daniel willing could
watch on risk tattoos hustle baby after
that because we think damo like hurt his
neck
you know like hi we sometimes had our
necks opinion I would see their
seriously so happy after they leave the
consultation room
it's almost like they survived come on I
always wanted to hear because it reminds
me of Dumbo we discussed him earlier
Oh
we're going to try and see what happens
if we give Isaac a little bit of durian
I'm smelling basica okay I think I think
okay I think I'm uh she was easy from
each okay well hey Leo is destroying my
island making some congee for Tim so
hopefully he feels better go and just
about I think less than two weeks we're
going to be flying back to the UK and I
really look forward to because in the UK
and it looks sunny outside you know
we're like all my school let's have a
picnic
we need to go inside but then in Hong
Kong and it looks like city it's a it's
like we're not going outside I have no
more spins on my part things and he's
saying you shouldn't bite people
enjoying because each person joins get
you twenty three spins that's like I
know how annoying it is when people send
me game requests so I refuse to be one
of them you get twenty three spend per
user and the kind of people you have
your list can you imagine no I don't
want to be one of those Oh
we actually have one minute that's fair
before a start sort of first time early
just finished service this is the
biggest manoeuvre look I think Tim
trying to reverse into the giant list
and that list will bring us downstairs
you know it they could at least meet
this little wider
now I'm grind floor I cool I started to
just wear my hair like just really
straight and I see what she doesn't like
it
chubbie will come over first ah what
happened why did he do that what did he
do
I hope you didn't pay him for this she
looks like half a chicken and half a dog
yeah but you're saying is for first
getting short I'm like she's not much
you cut it but the meat he shaves her
you couldn't like fix her up oh my
goodness I'm so upset
like she's all edgy from it oh look he's
gonna bow loving it
oh are you serious you can see she's
pink oh my goodness I'm so angry her
head looks enormous she's really cute
her heads huge stop saying she's cute
seriously we're not going back to him
ever again
we won't open seas made her she's like
where's my fur it hasn't hit me yet I
think tomorrow I'll be furious
chubby are you cold I feel like I should
give you I don't like a blanket or some
sort of sweater or some dignity I
suppose it's like 30-something degrees
Celsius so there's no way it should be
cooled
normal from here Thank You evil you will
tell and then okay fine
off you go
