don't be alarmed by Hong Kong friends
I'm you see me in a supermarket and I'm
just queuing but I'm like ready
oh yeah I think this is a first time
that I ever got a Caesar salad that's
with criticism
mmm cheese sprinkled on top of fur sweet
but something
so when we came in he's a hungry word
and what he order cook speech oh oh
they've seen a bigger pork chop when
shopping today and I think this is
Curtis spur in a moment purchase I got
myself a Daniel Wellington watch so I
think Daniel Wellington because this is
very minimal and casual and just very
understated and usually I'm not really
someone likes to wear watches but I
think this may be to start off something
new I went into 68 and picked up some
bras I want to read this one first
because it messes I was always gonna
have to get this which is gonna ironic
because like I have anything but melons
in fact my very humble assets are barely
oranges yes this is so cute Tim was like
this is for kids
smells like whoops so here's another one
that's kind of like a polka dot in pink
always curious about Domo oh don't think
we didn't catch e we saw Yeon are we
boring you I see you looking at me
looking at you looking at me come on
children come on let's go go go come on
careful guys come on and your own time
Oh somebody got locked in by the
housekeeper while he was pooping do you
feel even more embarrassed to see her
tonight
no wait did she see anything
you know how you like when you go to
toilet you like take your entire bottom
half of clothes off was this the case
but it is roast up noodles for lunch are
you gonna are you gonna feed my mother
you don't like it are you are you here
pretty girl are you pretty fat girl hey
calling fat yeah good more so lately my
hands have been slightly full cuz you
know after all the traveling and you
know being back here in this Perriman is
great but then just got a lot of stuff
to catch up on I got the first samples
of the bracelets and out of ten I'm
happy with it maybe by 6.5 which is
actually really high for me so I'm
really optimistic about the second
sample really really really excited
can't wait to show you guys you know in
terms of like the packaging and hard to
chew he looks also been really fun
working on my makeup helen also my
Lipton so super excited for that very
very very impressive the quality I'm not
sure if I'm allowed to say this so I
probably will but the people that's
making the pile and the Lipton's they
also make one of my favorite makeup
brands and this makeup Franz is a
high-end front as well so you know we're
definitely getting quality here I
updated my temporary tattoo of mine from
a website called baby olive juice so I
just love her actually find her
Wendy from Wendy's like look apparently
the Japanese love to do facial exercises
and the reason it's great is because the
tones of the facial muscles a lot of the
times that we neglect so by toning the
muscles you have something they call a
v-shaped face so an exercise that they
find very effective is this okay so
basically you're using your tongue
you're just sort of like pushing it
around the inside of your mouth like
this
even after doing this for like 20
seconds you'll find that them your mind
will get really really tight that's what
she said um no okay
of my face look slimmer already we'll be
alarmed my Hong Kong friends and you see
me in a supermarket and I'm just
queueing but I'm like just the typical
thirst today
here's your cheeky cheeky wacky looking
at old vlog this is what he was some two
months two months three months Sookie so
giant back then does the stream merrily
merrily merrily merrily life is but the
dream off to see our churches posture
today
can I get one of you since I got some
time to burn
Anna Kathy and I really like the message
of my mug
it says humble yourself use your head to
handle others ease your heart
