hey guys so I'm off to the bank today to
transfer the remainder of the donation
to compassion as 25,000 years dollars
that we'll be sending to compassion
venez on
is the transaction that's gone sorry the
value of the transactions appear
alkalinity to take a more clear photo of
this for those to see but it's 25,000
years dollars to Compassion
International thanks to everyone who's
bought a t-shirt it's always time for
fried rice I had a while ago and it was
just sitting here collecting dust so
it's called the wind spin and when Tim
saw this he he thought it was something
else and no idea how to see it this
product get demonstrated on my face but
a lot of times the oscillate this is
going to create fast easy sexy healthy
curls with a blow dryer this is what it
looks like
and I believe you just like this connect
it with your hair dryer ash of your hair
inside here and then turn on
okay there's no instructions it's how
you hired on your spoons blew it for I'm
just going to keep this for a little
longer to Rutina heat although I can see
it looks kind of frizzy up here at the
top peasy so this is what it looks like
so far
always making like a lot easier in the
video than it really is
so this is the next part
maybe I just loosen this up a little bit
scrunch it maybe um I think it just
twists my hair together so when it's all
fat it's so not enough really to give me
like a nice curl
I mean I've tested enough you're not
even if I use this all over my hair it's
still wouldn't nice
why are you always so happy I always
wonder what's in a baby mind psychotic
beanie Thank You mr. mosquito for biting
me right there got his own little
personality
hey what up trust me to put on a
temporary tattoo upside down but I guess
no one will even know since this
calligraphy but yeah I discover it the
best places that temporary tattoos is
right on your collarbone because you put
in your wrists or whatever attendance of
a wear and dine is very easily so the
best place to put it is right there
there playing okay
remember yesterday I was telling you
guys my vice had a personality of its
own today it has a sip code of its own
looks like my forehead has a forehead
hey bub what I like being a mom okay
I know your puppy is staring at this
right now not even sure if I should even
talk about this be honest
maybe because vlogs have been so
backlogged lately so I'm really behind
it feels like I've been talking about
the same thing for a while even though I
I haven't and I've actually stopped for
do two weeks actually and one of my
vlogs that I uploaded I mentioned that
you know I never meant to leave you guys
on honey if I did I apologize but I
never meant to some of you guys were
offended when I said there's a
difference between people being caring
and newsy so I apologize if you know
that upset me and even though I
mentioned that you know there are a lot
of things that I couldn't talk about I
still thought it was a safe place in my
own vlogs tricks breast-high I was
trying to get back up on my feet
and I am and I really am trying to be
strong about things it's almost like
when someone is going through a really
hard time really hard time like for
example maybe mourning a loss of a
family member being betrayed or going
through heartbreak you know instead of a
telling him to focus on you know what
you can care of themselves and you know
picking pieces together you're giving
him like constructive criticism telling
him that one
she should either explain herself
through the world even though it hurts
even like talk about it or to apologize
for expressing her mourning actually if
I think about it telling her to
apologize or trying to be strong and
trying to remind other people to be
strong wasn't trying to hint anything
the posts ice I shared on Instagram like
I only shared it because it enlightened
me and I was hoping to spread a little
bit of you know the enlightenment that I
was giving me it's just you know you
guys just something to idea you know how
much I lean on some of you so I guess it
hurts when you know I'm being a case of
doing something that I just didn't even
think about doing I was just trying to
be strong right from the beginning this
will be at the very last time I will
talk about everything which I also think
is a shame because I like keeping you
guys updated with you know what's going
on and how I'm feeling you know for me I
just thought my flogs was a safe place
for me to guess express my initial
feelings I said I was talking to a
friend of mine but I think it's for the
best
either way I want to thank everybody he
has been really really really really
supportive about everything so like I
said before you have no idea how much I
lean on you so that's it guys um we
shall move on up here
