6 a.m. and I couldn't sleep because I
think it's a Bupa I think it's either
the sugar or the or the caffeine
still shivering like my arm was like
shaking so much supposed to be leaving
in a few hours to go to San Diego I
don't know that's gonna happen actually
it's going to be skyping me in a little
bit I'll I wait I want to show you guys
this photographs at sun jutti night I'm
so happy I got to meet her and basically
know even though this was the first time
I met her I just I feel like I know her
I feel like I know her I'm Benji and
they're seriously the sweetest guys ever
and I just feel so blessed medicine
Benji was telling me that Judi always
always knew that she wanted to be a mom
and I was like wow even so you can see
her skin is glowing in a photo but in
real life she really does glow like her
skin is beautiful - and having my dinner
with my baby
using cured attempt ins again Steve his
Heath
oh that's okay you're getting your food
his hair is like growing like a massage
a little old month
well gloomy today so as you guys can
guess I did not make it to San Diego
today I was just so tired I think I fell
asleep about half seven eight and then I
woke up at to have to so I'm gonna be
meeting my friend Christine and we're
gonna be heading to the beach and just
having some girly time
instead of enjoying it
question is what gets better with age oh
these are all surgeries look at this
it's a cardboard food box
well it's so talented being only 5 a.m.
and I decided to do another all-nighter
because I pick her time as well sleep
when I'm on the airplane and sit I'm
gonna go forward to being back it's just
so much Charlie
reading this article on is called you
are not running late
you know rude and selfish so what are
your thoughts guys today society
everybody laid and it's fashionably late
but for me it's think it's not
acceptable to be late I've always
thought that you know people who are
always latest because they think their
time is more important and other
people's yes I'm not gonna bite like the
auto case I'm talking but I like people
who are like always never on time it's
so cool that lately you know the attempt
recap days are in so when I was in LA
Wendy doesn't Wendy's lick book and I
we're really close to getting one and
then I get spur in a moment thing so for
now you know it's fun to experiment with
little Henfrey ooh anything temporary
ones so I quite like the calligraphy
ones these days so the one I'm using
today is
was it always she's loved this is nice
she reminds to member when your kid used
to play with like these temporary
tattoos and now it's like oh it's
actually in again though right you ready
to peel
oh yes always she's love baby always
she's look
pattycake Baker's man bake me a cake as
fast as you can
Pat it and prick it a market with a PE
now that boy hears me okay
he's actually growing some hair but
don't do don't do didn't do it's like a
planet right to do
you
