you like cuddles
Wow pick one just no one
this is mocha Tosh and was a bit kind of
like this one this is a prick
like me
nice turn Alicia Keys turn daddy's turn
was it that Eastern Isaac Isaac Bobby
cuddles
bodies turn Isaac is that he's turned is
it buddy's turn yeah I'll be through ok
fine let me cuddle mm come here
so excited to eat this
I'm see I mean thank you so much for
your radish cakes you make the best
radish cake in the whole world you're
like ah right a bit
it's a core I'll get things come in
small packages here in a place called
made and Belfast haven't been here in so
long more of a quirky place when it
comes I know it's only November but we
don't think she can fit into it very
soon it's already on a snug tight so
we're gonna make use of it but I've
actually been doing lately is I got this
big roll of paper from Ikea like a
general I don't even know how many
meters and meters or meters it is but
what I do is I leave like honey of like
the sheet or in this case sheet all over
my island and sometimes like during a
day when I walk past it because since
I've got like hens laying around I just
scribble and do go on it and that's kind
of like my way of practicing even like 5
10 15 minutes a day I've got sheets of
paper upstairs I have in the kitchen do
I have a toilet ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha please laughs I'm doing both extra
points of you get it when you're eating
scrap pieces of paper you don't feel so
bad when you have really ugly letters
today before I just wrote stuff I was
seen around a kitchen like I think I had
onion
I wrote celery rice kitchen Roble and
then today it's just some random pieces
it invites people to have a go as well
tomorrow is another day to love laugh
and learn just rather than but oh
there's more scraps of paper here
where it is a new normal
smile more tonight we're making teriyaki
beef with all other dishes we follow
really straight since this is an
Asian dish a lot of the advice is
telling us really tells us a boil to
write and then chewy in it and I was
like that's not how you meat rice the
ena she'd cook rice with the hog right
you need to have the proper amount of
water but the instruction didn't specify
how much it just told you to drain it
and as an Asian that is just knew this
is how you make rice and then the first
thing actually I realized was my my hand
my ring was burnt onto my engagement on
my way ring I was just thinking oh I
probably took it off yesterday to cook I
love usually I don't do that but maybe
subconsciously ate because it happens
you know I took it off somewhere but
usually it's always in the same spots
pretty much fill up the entire house
upside down couldn't find it and I just
so so odd I know so worrying because
yesterday we went to I and I was just
thinking okay I need to trace back to my
photos see it would stay elected photos
and you know when we're having lunch it
was still my finger so I was wondering
what my goodness we'd have lost it when
we went shopping I could have gone down
a drain when I took my rings off to wash
my hands a little it doesn't seem like
me I was handling the food could I have
taken it off and then you know just
bunch it up with all the rubbish dirt in
a bin so Tim was helping me of course
searched an whole entire house upside
dine nothing and I was just so bummed I
needs have terrible burdens because I've
been on my knees crawling around the
carpet I started to accept that okay
maybe I've really really lost it
you guys know I do lettering my even to
point where I wrote stuff like you know
worrying doesn't change anything
best things in life are things but I
couldn't deny I was really feeling which
was you know really pissed me I knew the
end of the day things will only be
things but it wasn't just I
the thing it was obviously my wedding
and engagement ring it's not about the
money
one says collect moments not things
choose happy but of course deep inside
you know so yeah I was laying in bed
just ah didn't remember that last night
when I was sleeping
my mattress cover it slipped off and I
pulled off my sheets and I was just
stroking them are just just trying to
feel it though behold I pulled off my
fitted sheets whatever reason my two
rings were inside the sheet
so it's mattress my rings my fitted
sheet rolled over it my blanket and
everything I don't even know how it
happened that harford is really long and
boring story for you guys but it's very
exciting for me because I have my rings
back I knew it wasn't me to take off my
ring so maybe it's something I did
subconsciously why I'm gonna sleep after
having a child my brain is just always
forget things I misplace things I say
things that don't make sense
I always lose my train of thought
this is my new favorite thing to do
since yesterday thank you so much a
wonderer forest after watching her
tutorial on creating every it inspired
me to you know just go and try some of
my own and it's so therapeutic and so
relaxing since I'm just trying it right
I just use really cheap watercolor paper
so that's also an idea regards to date
before you buy too expensive paper right
away bestie and I are having a nice
afternoon just doing a little bit of
painting it's her very first time doing
an autumn leaf and look how amazing it
is a pretty palette so her quote is from
little acorns mighty oaks grew mine is
just finished this one today really cool
thing about Reese's it's you can do it
really fast actually so this is really
fun live simply bloom wildly and then I
gotta think of a coat for this other
brief that I did this morning
this one is one I made for my
mother-in-law one of her favorite quotes
is it is more blessed to give than to
receive
you get going
