can get over height as bed is like fact
of a day over two-thirds of the suitcase
are actually your letters and gifts so I
was just happy enough to see you guys
you guys I need to give me anything but
thank you so much for being it's ok it's
gonna feel like Christmas today even
this was a gift this came in so handy
and I'm gonna bring this everywhere with
me when I travel this is kind of like my
comfort pillow little bouquet here and
baby brain food for Isaac you so much
stuff click you will be a strong and
healthy baby hello is your curling
getting more advanced you say c-can I
like to chase after the dogs not that no
not the note again yeah
no no no supposedly this is a sweet
potato I hated it okay fine I won't try
to feed him is that Alright thanks for
the toy Jim it's gonna be a delight
he has a thing about feeding people my
even the dogs that's yours
the dogs are ready yet hi
oh boy laughs of Bridget Jones hey why
does your face always end up like this
every time we feed you huh
why does it happen Tim brought me back
my favorite cake which is the moo moo
one you know that toys I use it as an
alarm clock
did it work one last trip I almost
didn't even unpack I'm just gonna add it
more stuff on I'm gonna miss you I'm
back for a few days I'll leave her a few
days I'm back for a few days and me for
a few days this time only really become
her
at the airport again feels like I'm
always here last business trip before
and back with my family board I will be
getting another flight from Seoul to go
to
I'm in Seoul reminds me like I was here
a few months ago so I'm just getting a
connecting flight to LA you keep having
like random bruises all over my body
clearly breathing the same air is the in
Mendoza
what Obi's watching this and he's like
get a wedding saw Globes put in my name
I'd be gone like a sad romantic kdrama
three actually give um Occitan little
bike so what's in here we have tissues
we have an eye mask socks toothpaste
toothbrush think this is some sort of
moisturizer
last time we were here it was right
after our honeymoon to Tahiti so nice to
be back again weather is nice and cool
nice and breezy
hello everybody so I just took a nice
shower about soap this is my room
there's the bathroom this is the highest
bit ever like I can't even I want to
show you guys how tall the bed is
compared to me like to get up I
practically fly up and say like my
homesick away from the family look at it
would be such a boss he's grown up so
much they eat again please I can't leave
I can see oh it is half 5:00 in the
morning I have a magazine shoot in a few
hours not just a magazine shoot guys but
they cover a cover shoot so maybe they
will just have to eat a lot of makeup I
decided to stay up because I figured I'm
just gonna roll around have been I might
as well do something so I did some work
instead and hopefully these eye masks
will do something so where I only get
Eggs Benedict when I'm in the States
nice alright this is stuff you watch on
going on pointers on to someone that
American
beautiful okay
oh I thought not Joseph I was very good
I feel worse
crazy
