hi everybody
oh my goodness I did not expect it is
nice baby Spanish hotel it's so cute
so cozy and comfy a modern I'm filling
disbelief with the minds of you guys
that came to say hello to me in the
airport so thank you so much for you
know making your way up to see me and
I'm so sorry that I have to take off so
quickly I seriously did not expect so
many of you guys to turn off I didn't
even tell anybody like when I was flying
so it was just such a nice surprise and
it's almost as if I like to return home
to family Singapore has my thoughts and
coming my favorite favorite country and
that's all because you guys have made a
home for me tonight we have a dinner so
I'm quite looking forward to it I'm
starving on the flight there was no food
I know poor has done so much for me guys
you guys have no idea for the past few
days I've been just moping around and
just feeling sorry for myself and you
know my also an airplane I was looking
down at the big blue white sky I just
realized sometimes you have to go a
little further
look down and just realize that this
world is really big life is more than
just our problem isn't I started to
think about it mmm I'm just so lucky
that my loved ones and I aren't
separated by war I'm not living in
poverty
I'm the other horse kind of when you pin
the perspective it just makes whatever
you're going through you just feel so
minor and you know I was looking dying
and it was just so beautiful and I asked
myself maybe
do you think your problem is too big for
the creator of this beautiful world the
universe to solve I know a lot of you
guys are curious and you're you're
worried and all I can say is don't worry
guys and I hope you guys will know my
character enough to know that's you know
I am whenever hold on I always always
pick myself up and I thank you guys cuz
when I meet bugs beauty channel it was
you know I wanted to just touch girl you
know what I mean not touch girls in that
way but I just I just wanted to touch
girls hearts around a world I just I
want to help them realize they're
capable of greatness and somewhere along
the way you know Bob's Beauty it became
my cake I think in Hong Kong
I'm just so bubbled I am I'm grateful
Hong Kong keeps me humble at least I
like the hope but it kept me in a bubble
and you know in here I realized that I'm
not just a mom and a wife even though it
was you're amazing things I'm ready but
you know over here I'm ups businesswoman
entrepreneur you know a sparring speaker
I guess so I'm just so thankful for
about this beauty and I don't want to
like sleep so much about it yet because
I want to like have a fire in our life
but I might be able to make some trips
to a lot of poor countries in the world
and be able to serve with my hands and
hopefully you know educate children I
really feel like my channel is taking me
somewhere now and for a while I haven't
been too happy with the person that I
was believe her or not but I feel like
I'm finding myself again and I really
like that person when you become a
blessing to others you actually bless
yourself no long since I received
flowers mmm is what happens I think if
anybody else use the glasses so hold
your brushes hmm nice to wake up to
fresh flowers oh I'm back from the
from the party that's Korean Isis
relaxed open bar some snacks and food my
love really nice people morning
everybody
today we have a full blast day like Bill
Blass I think there's like four meetings
but then at the end there's like and
yeah partly this is my outfit for today
I didn't bring a lot of shoes with me
comfy but beat this so much I've lost so
much weight lately guys that um I've
started to get bruises just for no
reason it's not a good thing guys um so
remember to look after your body
we're here at Ritz which is where our
first meeting we have a lot of meetings
today where are we heading to you guys
again look on me okay oh you Nikki shot
here
No
one of the reasons I even ever wanted to
pursue the entertainment industry was
because as an Asian kid going up in
America I was frustrated at how on
representing we were on TV you know
princess is so much fun it's a lot of
like amazing talent and it was just so
much fun it looked totally like informal
tonight that's the word for today
but check out the view check it out guys
I got a lightsaber
my lightsaber
