actually never looked outside looks very
green very green I should walk away
because I just realized I'm not wearing
anything underneath it's amazing hi
hotels they had the comfiest bed I can't
see a spell it was bed sometimes you
just can't sleep because it's not home
I'm gonna go downstairs and the bus they
ain't grab some food every time I go to
a buffet will bite Tim it makes me feel
sad because his little face me sees all
the food is so cute nice guys I was
walking and then something like pricked
my foot and I realized it's a piece of
glass oh look I just found another piece
on the floor if I didn't know I would
have probably stood on this I never
really got a chance to show you guys my
hair I just got a fringe back and I cut
a little bit shorter the color is okay
it's quite similar to my previous color
and they were supposed to put Alma in it
but it didn't really show up gonna keep
my slippers on today I'm actually
excited the whole reason they flee
Muller is so I could surprise these
girls these girls here from different
parts of Asia they also make videos so
we're gonna do a heart to heart
definitely something different from what
I usually do for sure I'm going to be so
inspired by these girls but you know
hopefully I get to inspire them too and
it's gonna be so nice to see all these
girls and you know just the city faces
of the girls that represent
you know YouTube Asia set of the day I
don't really see okay we're still here
so I'm just wearing my overalls from
Zara I have a pink desktop underneath
and pink Prada bike and the nude heels
so normally I would actually wear these
of sneakers but I guess it dresses it up
a little I guess I'm really pinky and
girly today usually I would wear like a
fitted tank top underneath but I don't
really have one so this will have to
make do and gates yeah Liza they're
picking yeah it was surprising the heart
the heart was really special to me
because it was just such a nice cozy
intimate session and these girls they
really inspired me a lot of them are so
young but they are already entrepreneurs
and I just have nothing but faith in
them to know that they're gonna go to a
lot of our places so I pretty much his
answers on their questions is share that
common struggles and fears that we go
through in YouTube and just how we
overcome them it was just a really
memorable day for me because these girls
work so so hard and they remain so
humble and that is definitely something
that we can all learn from having run
these in ages yes why would I live in
Hong Kong I never wear heels the only
time where it's okay for me to wear
heels is when I don't need to do a lot
of walking I'll show you guys my board
dinner so just nothing special just a
ruffle best boys with a sword like a
lace lace black skirt and then I got my
new tools I wish I brought my black ones
I think it went pretty well
I think what made it really easy was
these girls are just genuinely so sweet
and also young entrepreneurs really
really proud of them time to go
I'm still trying to get used to the
Samsung Essex the camera is pretty darn
good I have to say that by the way
because some time
I guess I always because they carny
Gemini's are flirty okay well bye Virgo
cuz like my boyfriend I'm at my
husband's at Fergus carry oil oil it's a
good yeah we're here and we're gonna be
dining in this place just like a
shopping center what is this
ah nothing like rewinding actually have
to wake up early tomorrow
but it's only some will need some time
for some car to network or Nickelodeon
the main point of me coming over is
Stewie just a surprise I'm hard to heart
not a bath done they asked if I just
want to go visit the pond 10 like the
headquarters so I think it'll actually
be pretty interesting so I thought yeah
everybody I just I think cause I'm so
small I kind of drug into me
hey guys um I have to get back a little
early cuz I had some stuff I needed this
alright so I think most of it is done
but now I'm hungry
so who I'm gonna be meeting a friend of
mine for dinner
yes the patent ennum you guys a Pantene
or ponton many ways um yeah the event
will is it's pretty interesting it's
actually my first one of the questions I
really wanted to ask well isn't because
I don't know who it was that told me
that pant and they have like wax and
their shampoo I wanted to know this was
true because they said that it coats the
hair so it's really smooth but when you
stop using it the wax comes off and it
gets really dry but a party that's a
myth they don't have locks in their
shampoo but yeah it was really really
interesting to learn about the signs of
hair you know the science they put
behind their products so they gave the
girls a makeover and a hair makeover as
well so I didn't expect to get one
because I thought all just like you just
go and see what the fuss is but um you
actually had my makeup done which is
quite pretty my goodness guys today I
met someone with the most unbelievable
skin I've ever seen like when she's
called Perry PI and she's a really
really talented makeup artists and yeah
her skin is just when I saw her I was
like oh come on because I couldn't see
her pores you know sometimes you can
just get so dazed so like there's some
moments I was just like
that's famous for what's a famous work
like I say basically this is pork ribs
it's free
is really fun
I think they wash it right there no food
