and I Hong Kong hello Singapore it was a
sweet sweet as sweet as welcome ever
because so eagerly surprised me and I'm
like what how did you know so how did
you guys know FBI you know who to look
for hotel night which is called scent
Regis Hotel and then when we were in
Bali for our babymoon that we used was
where we stayed so I have no doubt it's
gonna be a nice night this is the nice
drivers it's gonna be driving me to my
result that building like that do you
think it's got treat it's like a boot
right on top I like it here already
it just feels like the air is cleaner
and there's more space
fancy go to bit okay I can just sleep
here tonight and you'll sleep here
tomorrow guest else I hear TV and this
is the bathroom
Wow all my favorite it's got TV and then
we have toilet and a shower all right be
right back guys a buff with TV coals
this is quite a surprise jerilyn be
welcome to Singapore a home while
Pontins hair Research Institute in Asia
and Oh boss what else could be in here
all blessed this is the Fonzie's way
that shampoo has been delivered to me
geez just what we all dread guys oh good
that lucky lucky the licensed in magnify
mirrors hurting self-esteem since the
1900s
indeed
in Hong Kong we call it my life home yes
is it good it is yes okay and this looks
like a sassy guy but this is what
Singapore is known for if I correct the
special thing about this rice is it's
not planned its flavour its flavored
what kind of flavors so
chicken oil garlic lots of ginger so
it's chicken rice so this thing
important thing is this rice
okay and this is fry tofu and looks
crispy but I have a feeling it's really
soft inside so good to be in bed
remember in Bali I was like this hotel
is the best pillows I have a mask on
because my skin always goes crazy every
time I fly well usually I always preach
it when you know I travel the places and
you know they bring me two really nice
places but it was also really nice to
just you know do something and go
somewhere that's loco just have a small
little dinner Oh Jana you're watching I
had so much fun with you so thank you so
much for you know spending the night
with me and thank you for the you know
so let's get some editing done it's been
a while since I edited a flog do you
guys remember when I landed in Singapore
there were three girls outside waiting I
was just so shocked because I didn't
tell anybody like what my plays or
anything so I'm genuinely really really
impressed with you guys I like this
little heart letter here so I'm gonna
read at night so nice to open up to this
at the end of the day so cute even the
envelope is really cute that's a little
it's a little luggage bag so cute dear
Cindy warmest welcome to Singapore it's
my pleasure to meet you today and I
would love to thank you for always
making my day with your flocking to you
I hope you will get to have an enjoyable
and fruitful day here in Singapore and
take great care keep up your future up
with the videos Sam I love the Tim and
Isaac
thank you so much human so even though I
have to leave really quickly I got a
chance to grab their contact details so
you know hopefully on that last day I'm
not too busy I can contact them and
maybe we can do something to get
I've only been in Singapore for just one
day and it's been so relaxing and so
nice and I almost feel guilty for being
so relaxed because Tim is just stuck
home with Isaac
I wish they're here to join me but I'll
be able to see them in just two days
I just finished editing a blog so
hopefully upload that and then I'll be
going to bed while watching Spongebob
