have really nice Mother's Day and you
know I didn't really do anything just
you know went for lunch and then did a
bit of shopping it was still really nice
to be with my own little family tonight
Tim is like to collect chubby and double
from the groomers are you excited I seen
daddy are you chubby please honey today
I'm here in Causeway Bay getting a
haircut today and hopefully my hair
colored oh yeah as it is not bad I broke
my phone I just dropped and broke the
temporary phone as well everything
coming Isaac I have always baby hair
here
so apparently having a threat you just
going to help there's the next push -
he's quite shy
naturally I've got like a squarish like
about two quarters but I can cut my head
so it looks more sharper as you can see
those not as angular I thought why not
I'll convert to something on joy
and I don't have an umbrella
they'll still get to be back home and
sheltered with over our heads well it's
like raining heavily outside summer
I think this adores
my camera
he does look like Darth Vader not just
about the back yeah chubby is so mean
he guards the bed I went dumb or tries
to get up she blocks it
so he goes crashing down but almost like
mommy help me please mr. structor shall
we can do to me
perfect shall we heavy laughter you have
to get yet yes Paul did he fall yeah
he's really leaning dinars and he gave
people who've never met him before like
whoa he's huge and people are used to
seeing him are like he's losing weight
okay you have some yummy okay Isaac is
really liking this recipe lately so
basically it's just sweet potato puree
and I put in an egg yolk and then I put
in a hub and I mix it and then I add a
little bit of wolf gingy's formula or
breast mobile use whatever milk that you
know your baby prefers and you can I get
a sweet potato custard I mean dude is of
carp Ouray whatsoever but do anything is
going to be a bit more cautious in case
your baby has an egg allergy I'm frying
up I'm frying really flying off of
Singapore tomorrow for a business trip
should be going for a few days I'm going
to miss my little family on a few days I
just requested FP ID from T Springs so
it says I can take up to two weeks to be
processed and delivered so we're
actually like requested on like maybe
four five days ago and it didn't work so
I had to request it again so I apologize
guys about the delay so just did some
packing every time they see this er case
they get kind of sad pom pom
and the airport nine it's so everything
I'm so hungry
I miss my until beautiful Manila but
between being him and just a few days
have to get to bull honkey food got egg
tarts and stir-fried beef with rice
noodles you're awful earlier when I was
giving free food
there's a girl next to me me and her
basically her dress when you check dis
you're gonna like the hind ends of the
food court so like everybody believe
that's not the nice thing would be to
tell her I just kinda like tender
shoulder and I was like hi I just want
to thank you know since you're a girl
that's a sign of that you know that's
you know your your dress is tucked into
your pan anything she said to me was
over me she doesn't feel too bad because
I was like you know what happens and
everybody ready report soon everybody
tuned up I'm always the last one to get
on thank you and you can sit and I hung
Kong hello Singapore
you
