probably the type dog whines on the
windows and has really large music the
car we like
change definitely add a bug I order from
iHerb came in so I just want to sure if
you guys sure okay I got some of these
yogurt snack or I don't know I tried one
of them and it's really really sweet so
I think there's a lot of sugar in them I
swear by my ecology rusev oil so this is
actually corrosive oil and pure Hey
/ pure look up here so the other day I
wasn't money it was 800 Hong Kong
dollars not like what their newest to be
so expensive so in I heard at Coughlin
less than $10 less than $10 on my herb
so either she was trying to rip me off
or we should buy this in South Hong Kong
this is oil even just a few drops from
your shampoo or you know you mix our
foundations
finish this burning body lotion this is
rose petals which diesel with Al Asiri
alcohol-free prepare a body firm English
my name is Yvonne are you that good no
you buy a bunch of baby food on their
website and their first like 10 times
cheaper than their price ha ha di herb
sponsor you for this video are you part
of the company so why do something hard
love you yes or this that's my man oh
man
adventures today's finally it was good
I don't mind myself a little bit of more
I mean superheroes really taking
advantage of Tim's dad while he's here
I'm taking advantage of Isaac being able
to drink the bottle shameful couple
this guy is actually pretending he
doesn't know us Yami Tortola sat at the
end they don't have the extra part so we
just walked out he drinks legs wide open
little class just like your mama thinks
he's clay a quiet baby he doesn't have a
lot to say he's a baby of little words
you're like your daddy yeah I've been
trying to get a burger for I don't even
know how long
final three days a long time
happy Mother's Day to you you get for us
you like peonies Isaac I'm right yet
I left you such a meaningful picture and
post on your Facebook C picture speaks a
thousand words besides you've lost on my
card psyche be and presents under my
Nemo
wait somewhere in our heights why can
you peace can you explain why so I've
got my refreshing crisp cider and to
impose them
was it fun things anyway happy Mother's
Day a cars I've been waiting to eat this
for a long time guys chicken breast bit
of Menace lettuce some tomatoes so
that's another day that's good right
there I was talking to my bike what
we're gonna do after YouTube I'm just
thinking about I think I'd really love
to teach teach art part mark and Tim's
like what do you want to call it and
I'll like Bob's club I think I would
like to teach my teacher crafts are the
children I hurt his crop Tim mentioned
about opening some sort of Kathy or Bubb
rubb Bubb
Bub's hub Bob's pub is it going to help
for people to come hang what type of
parent will end up being now they would
have Isaac grows up with zero interests
with you I think I'm definitely going to
be a very embarrassing type of parent so
when I bring in this school that's roll
down the windows and I'd be like I love
you pick him up in front of his friends
and kiss him probably the type dog
whines on the windows and has really
large Chinese music violin and piano
minimus yeah I learned in both here
comes the Asian parents who tend to go a
night that's actually what do you
learned he learned too well in the piano
what else did you learn drums guitar
drums guitar and it's discerner the harp
unfit to play as well I learned the
recorder in high school
feeling of really needing to pee
Oh drinking water
yes son wait ever in the mood
