these are cool awesome right they
getting both get awesome things we know
this one I'm getting Oh have great
cheese but then like the grater is like
what are you kidding me you have some
ice apples in seconds I picked up this
mask the other day and I think it's so
cool this is the black pearl and gold
mask look at little eye patches you guys
know how problematic my under eye area
yes so whenever you just want to give
yourself an eye treatment you just do
one of these right and the problem is it
doesn't look like that my eye that well
today I have chicken and mushroom konkey
one of my favorites many socks are cute
until you put them with your shoes and
they look really weird looks like
lettuce this is the correct way to use
it hi smart I mean she get like the
inner part muscle which is really really
important I was always impressed with
the Japanese only I could have so much
fun with mosques finally an update I'm
sorry if this is just looking right off
of me and just I have this on my bedside
it's kind of tilt it so you guys are
looking right up my nostril really I
haven't really been vlogging and I
haven't really been doing a lot to be
honest I just know that I have a lot of
built-up tension in my heart and much of
that I just I just really wanted to
search deep within my heart cuz I felt
like you know I was just covering it up
it's kind of like you know when you got
spots you know sometimes people just go
straight to covering up with makeup
putting layers and layers over when you
know what you really need to do is
cleanse skin the process can hurt but
you know it's kind of like a pencil and
like when you get sharpened it hurts but
when a pencil is sharpened I can do its
job better I'm feeling so so so much
better and I and it wasn't just like
mentally I feel like physically I needed
to take care of myself like these few
days
I've lost so so much weight I didn't
look good there is a treasure in every
trial you'll always learn something and
it's always an opportunity for you to
become stronger and develop character
he's got my eye mask huh it's been on
how long has it been on him for jeffing
in the heights tonight again making
healthy food so I'm really craving
fishing to cope let's start sorry
consider well when I say we I mean I
mean timid you're say so many of my
friends are just not happy like what is
it the weather are you blue chubby you
know the healthy banana pancakes
I say eats them night except they just
get blanket oh he loves it good morning
guys
oh my Venus the weather is so gloomy
today and was like walking your dogs and
then um and he wasn't a rain I thought
maybe I'll just do it quickly and then
like a few trips started you drink
nothing oh my goodness they're really
ready ready cuz I loved you to do and
then it hit me I could just call him and
tell him to bring the laundry in what's
not to run anyway because um don't want
to get wet this morning I just want to
share a little insight with you guys
absolutely good credit for Francis Chan
for this but here we go all know what
this is this is a cheese grater and this
cheese grater didn't come out of nowhere
by no chance someone meant for this to
be made someone planned for this to be
made this way so you can make tiny
shreds of cheese Museum sure it's a
cheese slices of cheese and I don't know
me disaster whatever it's such a great
invention how else are we going to shred
cheese we'll find a crater right while
we have the greater we also have this
and I bought this a little while back
and I was telling you guys hike stated I
was because watch this
ah wow look at that
Apple cut in second saving precious time
so just like that this didn't just come
over or nowhere someone designed as a
plan for this
then I'm just like each and every single
one of us we have our own gifts and you
know set of skills beautiful all from
right they can both get awesome things
we know they don't I'm critic oh how
great cheese but then like the greater
say what are you kidding me you can
slice apples in seconds
moral of the story is guys we're all
made with our own unique sets of skills
and you know we're all gifted in our own
little ways you know it's kind of like
fish just because the fish kind of climb
a tree it's a fish stupid no because a
fish is made to swim and your days
burrow you have leaders um-hmm so you
have leaders and have followers it
doesn't mean followers are anything less
in this world you need both of these
people you can't just have Cedars and
you can't just have followers we're all
needs to be unique embrace your
differences
embrace your gifts embrace your skills
I'll accept yourself apples are good I
calculate by almost so cute guess who
designed it some people are like who
would wear a poop on their chest
some people are we like I would not some
with me I made scrambled eggs for
breakfast this morning it's been a while
since I have hmm I don't mean you have
to get the Gordon Ramsay recipes guys AG
pace is the best smiling at me like that
yeah what do we have in common we both
had big head big heads that cause us to
topple over
you
