little everybody's in wondering where
you've been daydreaming Moses banana you
be species eat thank you grandma
a little fandom thank you mama
hahaha although I got the Cheetos oh you
can't eat them anymore
morning guys so Tim is I was Isaac is
taking him to see his great grandparents
so it's just a dog deny and been a
really fun really nice morning give
myself a facial I had a chance to do
some chores just chillin with the
puppies and I'm gonna be taking them out
for a walk in a bit my lobby have been
asking if I'm getting much sleep lately
cuz I'm hiding my darks are culturally
but I can't help it yeah I just haven't
been sleeping too well just because I'm
dealing with insomnia is that time of
the year I think especially because it's
spring my allergies are really up there
you ready puppies and
my earring order came in so I thought
I'll show you guys so this is the first
one I kind of like these earrings where
it's kind of like long and it goes up
the earlobe instead here is another one
really cute just a gold coat hanger got
little dangly on it and then you guys
know I love my under loop earring so
this one's got star and and little
hearts and then another under low
earring this one's quite cute got
butterflies and flowers really pretty
for spring yay
everybody's been wondering where you
been
I'm you really going to be it lunch
tomorrow
we're here in that German restaurant for
lunch today get mass sausage Tenma got a
what is it I got hearty Germans if you
are glass and this is
I don't know let's get it examined on
some type of brush good we pregnant
didn't dig his eyes off the demos so
this is a chicken and sausage happy
guess first bite
hold on good that's a really good very
good how do people eat so many sausages
do I can barely eat one ton stuff and
yeah I can't stop eating stuff and I was
so good guys I got me to Oprah dude
Steve popular mega sausage oh dude oh
yeah honey we forgot to get groceries
next time we get grocery first I don't
know opposite cuz we're always already
holy God
food first good morning everybody
I'm so hungry so I'm just heating up the
leftovers of yesterday's amazing lunch
that we had
mmm-hmm I actually have this habit of
eating lunch and breakfast just on my
kitchen counter signing up I don't know
why but it just feels really good
why is it that leftover food always eat
is better this is in a random at a topic
but I've always wanted to carve pumpkin
maybe next year
this is why I am not quite the cook for
the first time in forever what's really
funny is every campaign I always see in
a comment that you guys are always like
scared guys
coping looking forward to seeing the
happy limbs AIESEC coming back little
Joy's in life to see your family come
home that's too ironic luckily it was
just a little a little skin kids calls
entry it's when you cook no saying just
took out the plaster because waterproof
my but why I think that little cuts hurt
the most have to say thank you to empty
mini for your Jigglypuff one thing
it's so cute Tim key moment it was like
why is he in a pink onesie I'm like it's
all you need to do is give me a frying
Issac and we're almost there with your
marker oh actually I think it's best to
take this away from him come on he's
surprisingly strong just our luck
because our neighbours next us on our
neighbors above us are all renovating we
have a very happy and well-rested baby
right now a little update for you guys
because quite a few guys have been
asking and I feel so honored but um
regarding me go to Singapore I will be
flying on the 13th and coming back on a
16 so I am going purely for work so I
thought I'll have time to just you know
explore but um they're talking
so fingers crossed you know by getting
me there for YouTube FanFest as well so
I'll keep you guys updated if I can go
then as well another thing too up to eat
guys on our tank campaign we have made
forty nine thousand dollars a hundred
and we have a we have made forty nine
we aren't I realize we have 40 guys
thousand dollars no we have forty nine
thousand and one hundred and thirty
three dollars we have made this amount
we did it guys just once you think
you're once again for support and I hope
that one you were a tank tops I will
remind you that there will always be
hope right now I'm just looking for a
good charity to donate to for Nepal
because as you guys know the government
is quite corrupted so I just want to
make sure that you know the money goes
to boot hands obviously the most
important thing right now is providing
emergency relief so people get their
food or shelter in order and also long
term relief so it helps to you know
rebuild Nepal again I've actually
narrowed to I feel ready but I'm still
trying to decide which is the better one
the one that I looked and she is care I
looked at MSF as well and also for a
global giving Save the Children which is
another one that I've looked at if you
guys have any suggestions then I would
love to hear
