all girls have the space for an
experiment we're going home
what I had you thought
morning everyone
tim is died saison I think in a snappy
which means I had a chance to do a
little bit anything and it's just been
so nice having him back I need one even
back for a day but I don't know what
happened but for the first time in the
past few weeks I I had a really good
night's sleep
tim has been away for the past two weeks
to sort out some of our projects but
yeah it's been a very very trip for him
this time I have just been looking and
feeling so tired like Indian no Aayla
sleeps really really well she'll go down
for my eight hours but since Isaac
doesn't end up going to sleep until
about 10:00 I really don't get to fall
asleep till about half 11 12 because I
got other stuff to sort because they're
asleep it means that okay three hours
later I wake up after I feed her I crawl
in bed for again I'm lucky I get like
three hours sleep and then after I feed
her I crawl back to bed again around
five under up again at 8:00 but then I
also like wake up like two hours earlier
so I can get some work done
oh I just finished editing the vlog and
we're gonna go it together and run some
errands later I have some of my family
coming for a visit and we're just gonna
be piping cupcakes or having a baking
day and that just sounds so much fun you
guys are wondering the foundation that I
used today is from ICONic I thought this
a while ago but I didn't really quite
use it then because I got in summer so I
was a lot more time than but not just my
skin tone so much better would you
remember this thing I was telling you
guys about I brushed them and in the
first time testing I didn't go too well
but it does take some practice but once
you get to it it's so handy especially
if you're either busy or lazy let's see
it's got a template here it does take
some practice getting these people once
you get it it's like oh my gosh this is
so hot
especially when you just still have time
or you don't want to spank a just doing
your price Bryson and all girls have the
space when it fit under lip liner I just
like to keep it really minimal today I'm
just gonna do a really thin line just in
the edge it's a tiny bit you can barely
even see you line okay Leonie I've
really been enjoying this highlighting
palette from sleek of the only color I
really like is this highlight here it's
a more of a cream finish another slight
pinky lavender attempt to it and I just
I think it looks amazing so I should
take my Beauty Blender my jump CD
blender like some people really love the
strong highlight but I kind of like more
of a shine highlight I don't like the
really glittery types I'm just gonna
take some of my finger tips right here
just a preference really but I don't
like to find my head all the way join
not everybody looks good with it you
guys see I'm wearing your outfit today
when I was in Hong Kong I find this
necklace for the gift from the Crips
town hall and it says Isaac on it before
you guys are cops why do you only a
Pataca not Ayla I have a little acorn
bracelet here that says Ayla on it
we're here at sin fries but we're
leaving because we've forgotten Sunday's
place is open at 1:00 so we're gonna
grab lunch first and dandy grocery
shopping
Hong Kong I would never have to like
nothing on this side of the island we
are making Portuguese yeah and then on
this side of the kitchen
my pain there days such a good job my
first attempt as well guy was belly
hanging out
this is from Isaac's request you went to
Tim on a star holding a balloon he is on
a moon and I'm happily sitting on the
Sun I got the inspiration from this
sketch on Instagram
Chrissy she's so much better at doing
the back row and then mind goes mine is
so patchy since I've been dealing with a
bit of insomnia lately you know sighs I
couldn't sleep I did one this morning
just a quick doodle and then I did this
one yesterday I think I love you bit
much dude that's our favorite song my
welcome to our day today Ayla is going
on her very first water babies lesson so
we're pretty excited I think because
it's our first time it's only gonna be
for 15 minutes because babies can't
really being watered she alone because
they get really tired just notice myself
grow like her thingy
it goes in my robe another one here's
another cook one night I'm looking down
at her and hits me just hi big she's
gone in just a few months watches guys
she doesn't have the tickles which is so
bizarre I think it's all the layers of
insulation come on
no no your feet in your head your honor
way back I think it went okay donating
the kind of scent was class fell exactly
time so she was absolutely exhausted by
time we got there Jake she did well
she's did very well thank you
you know I think what she's the youngest
baby but then she's also like the
biggest one
you
