yes apparently my husband thinks I want
to get Botox while 10 is I walk any jogs
I just want to share something with you
guys
okay so timpossible and it's completely
worn arts ok Warner is an understatement
so tomorrow at the price I'm going to be
going to a letter workshop hopefully it
won't grunty bad but I will be making
him and roll it he was a little
skeptical because he was like where are
you going tomorrow and I was like um
just somewhere I as I okay when he
coming home I was like I don't know
probably in about six hours because the
workshop is going to take six hours he
was like why he gone so long why are you
being so secretive and I kind of
panicked and I was trying to think of
like a response I was like Botox
they were like Botox where do you want
Botox is like again I'm planning to get
now like everywhere yes apparently my
husband thinks I want to get Botox and I
was started to complain about me being
old and getting wrinkles and he you know
he was a bum so he was like you need
Botox
you know there's nothing wrong with you
another reason why I'm making him a wall
is because very picky
he needs a coin pouch and he also needs
lots of slots for his cards and he also
needs like little thing for his frizz
notes becomes a designer vollis can say
they don't make a lot of all it has all
of these together so I figured it's best
if I can custom design one myself
it's his current wallet so what you can
tell it's really really really more
night morning baby cuz I'll come back
and lock you guys
yeah all right fit mom Bobby hi honey
what wait oh uh not enough to kiss you
right now starting it I needa hopefully
doesn't cry oh I am off to take a wallet
making class
I think he's skeptical actually told him
I'm going out with one of my girlfriends
Susan and I told her that Tim thinks I'm
for night with you so if he calls and
with you okay and hopefully girls got my
back
Hey I mean I my April hi I'll patrol
onion room game right okay it's doji so
I'm here at April's workshop and it's
quite cute very very dainty so these are
all made by April and ass hopefully the
one I make who look that bad we're gonna
make something that has a coin hide for
all the coins two slots for his notes
and yeah I'm gonna help I gonna be extra
like there's a slot in or his card so
excited now I'm just gonna choose the
leathers and the colors Thank You April
so I like shapes color and this one is
because this one I think I'm going to
defer this one and this is actually the
longer you use it the darker it goes so
I think for the inside would make this
blue so I'm gonna go for this as the
interior here are some polaroid pictures
of her students with their creations
first thing I do is you see my outline
here I just have to cut this - I
actually the letters quite a gift we
have to cut it several times
of asking April if people have any
injuries hopefully only her number one
customer does as you can see before it
kind of looks like this you see is kind
of thick this gets file dying so it's
not a thick so it's smoother and in the
wall together is a slight when it goes
so that would be where the slots are for
the cards okay so next part is just to
polish
so the light here so we're going to make
the little dots in the wallet with this
fork bikini device that looks fun
this guy's IQR didn't like
okay I think I got the hang of it guys
this is pretty cool you actually
straddled it don't guys don't even yeah
interesting
just pull the curl that they have three
hours left and they were here before me
I say really really therapeutic
interesting I didn't know you need two
needles actually I'm a special technique
this actually got it wrong the first
time
the edge
you
homey amazing
final step is to put in a heater for the
wax to dry and that's done big thank you
to Phoenix and April I had so much fun
in his workshop didn't even feel like
like hon since six and a half hours
almost seven check it guys I'm actually
pretty proud of myself so it's got blue
interior and then sprang with blue
thread see I did well she's even taking
a picture to my Hong Kong friends if you
guys ever want to just you know who any
leather workshop then you're not highly
recommend April's handmade workshop that
could take a good fortune I think I want
to keep up to me I think I'm gonna make
maybe shoes
I really really
like it oh you have me you love me what
this oh it's not the most you know but
oh it's really not the kind Wow it's got
enough for everything I ain't only you
support fire punch punch
aah this is sturdy oh wow thank you
honey it's not a designer is design
right this is designer there's only one
of it so it kind of a limited edition
maybe well how's this is taking ages mom
oh so you didn't go see Susan today no
you like it yeah it's perfect
useless yourself every single step
you
