ah
don't eat my fingers boo-boo-boo-boo-boo
bull you know hi drinks they have these
things and just pull backwards I can't
drink it like that there's that
anticipation of whether you're gonna
burn your lip because you don't know
when the liquids gonna reach your weight
ring it's like then you know exactly
they don't know it's the end to the
patient is annoying isn't it
my knee is less hot than English right I
think it's hotter drinking like that
every teen 50 that's why they cover it
we're on our way to a movie finally have
a chance to watch and Fast & Furious 7
and really lovely dad will be looking
after Isaac hello it's already seven
sixteen and the movie's supposed to
start at 7:15 and is driving Bailey back
here
Harley the guy oh oh this guy thinks
we're trying to raise him parking these
actually get leveraged up so it's pretty
smart because it saves space back to
cars oh come on no time for this
somebody cried I didn't cry but like I'm
not myself hearing up what do you think
the movie it was really good I really
enjoyed it I mean I wanna watch all of
it and it's nice to know that he lives
during a movie franchise also Queen
Johnson is crazy
yeah she said it normally after and
maybe we go grab dinner but since - no I
think that home we don't want to leave
them too long with grandpa
okay okay it was too beautiful I know
but I just want to be low-key what's
just feeding in his lunch I was holding
on my spoon and he was quite patient so
he grabbed my arm so this student would
you know move towards his wife except
that my dad heated knees right before it
so like a lot of snot keep my oh so I
was like running down his lip so when he
put the spoon in he also take a big
mouthful of your snotter's it was like
wow was it like Isaac it's not fair
isn't it get it it's not fair it's not I
have a confession guys I don't really
like eating yogurt but I think maybe
yogurt is delicious Singapore there
should be la education so so far we have
raised a total almost $17,000 for
compassion international and I just want
to say that is amazing some of you guys
are saying WOW bucks that's very very
selfless of you you're amazing and I
just want to say all I did was dance
silly drawing and thankfully it's sold
well I just want to be honest about
everything I'd be lying if I were to
tell you guys that a part of me didn't
think oh I could really use that all my
some money to go towards our house you
know every day I seriously battle agreed
I think it's true the more you earn some
time
I find that it makes you feel more
insecure which is weird right because
you're supposed to feel more secure but
then that's name agreed so yes the money
so far could buy a lot of nice things
but then when you really think about
that money could actually save lives
save lives just by providing basic
necessities like clean water food a roof
over your head and you know we already
have that and it just gives you a whole
new perspective and you just realize hi
and lucky you know we already are there
are some people like there and they kind
of just go through life and they don't
know when their next meal will be if
never had a day where when they had a
little belly before some of us we
complained that we hate our jobs when
somebody out there would take your job
any day
some of us complain about being in
traffic when some people have to walk
miles and miles and miles just to get
water and I think a lot of us we kind of
go through life just believing that you
know money is gonna solve everything and
yes money don't solve a lot of problems
but at the same time I think a lot of us
we don't realize that it's materialistic
things they only give us empty promises
because eventually it all runs out those
are just temporary forms of happiness as
Ben Carson says happiness doesn't
results from what we get but from what
we give I'm still bottling but taken me
years and years to
not be afraid to do things a little
differently especially with YouTube and
I admit I know it's a blessing but
sometimes I wonder sometimes I wonder if
it's a curse instead because sometimes
more you earn the more insecure you get
and every day I battle a breed but I
know this is the right thing to do and
return this actually gives my life more
meaning and when you live life full of
purpose and meaning then you are already
rich every day I just try to remind
myself that everything I have is not
mine I'm just managing his assets I hope
that we can continue to inspire each
other to live life every day grateful
don't let money fool you it's going to
give you happiness because it won't and
don't be afraid to give and it doesn't
have to be a lot you can give a little
and you'd be surprised what that could
do
you
