maybe those puffed up eyes no well Isaac
Isaac Isaac I think you just got fed
he's like just ruining everything he'll
try to eat your face he'll eat my elbow
he'll eat you'll eat my feet especially
in defeat his favorite cheating toy is
his mom it's okay because love hurts
you got no mood to eat lately because of
the teeth I think hello guys it's my
spontaneous but I'm flying to Singapore
next month's joys of being a baby
they find anything that crinkles monster
so cruel yeah yeah oh okay okay I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry boss
nothing like a bath to cheer you up a
lot of you guys keep asking me bubs why
does Isaac not have hair I know guys I
kind of like that he does not much hair
stay looking like a baby for longer you
guys have been asking if I'm still
nursing I think so I'll talk to you guys
about it here so a long long long time
ago I promised my mom that when she
turns 50 I'll take her away for holidays
and so I was all for that and to mention
that okay I'll be you next idea for me
to get a little break to myself because
I've pretty much been stuck who have
Isaac oh he's been stuck with me so I
want f you f ed and your even leading up
to it I was trying to get him used to
the bottle before I left I even like you
know pumped every day to make sure he'll
get breast milk when I'm gone and when I
was gone I picked if football were
completely fine but you know coming back
he was pretty much bottle trains and I
was quite devastated because I guess it
is all him ready for our nursing
relationship to be completely over so I
was like that and I really do think
post-meeting booze exists because I
would really cranky when I was in Korea
I was just marking I could tell my
hormones are going crazy
do I still nerves I think the answer is
yes I feel nor zoom pretty much from 9
a.m. till 12 noon I nursed for a long
time I found like everyone of me telling
me to just maybe it's a good idea to
have another ball it means he's not so
heavily rely on me I can mine because I
like nursing him if I only had a good
going on not I think eating fellas
actually it makes a lot easier to go
white with him promise your teeth you
guys see you better not be pooping
aiesec sleep so it's just us two it's
all but eating in my this is my rib eye
stick
that's no good my puns are sitting here
they're clean though why use the mother
sociability was usually in Hong Kong I
feel like it's ok to go eat with a baby
because it's crumb then it's always
noisy in some cases you feel like people
are I can understand but some things
they can be mean because they've had
intelligence has you know said stuff
like oh I'm so glad they're leaving
when we leave eyes are so many drinks I
feel like some people think that people
with children like they should always
just eat at home but I feel like we
deserved eater as well
it is tough especially when you go
unusually you know babies need to nap
all the time are you guys every boy
embers a baby screaming and try to be
understanding cuz obviously the parent
or someone their child to try but I have
find a new appreciation for dining
indoors oh are you serious are you
serious well ha this is a normal knife
at that time again organizing Isaac's
clothes under a big pile of clothes he
grew out of my emotionally because some
of these clothes like he completely
lived an amazing has sad but also happy
grew up so fast
remember how I love to make banana
pancakes or two eggs or one banana boy i
don't have banana I wonder what a taste
is like with mango I have to say I do
have high hopes because my theory is
mindil everything taste is good and
looks pretty good so far
hmm hmm very sweet
maybe those puffed up eyes keep not well
look at those monolids liver that
Rudolph knows but he's still happy Isaac
Isaac Isaac
he's eleemosynary Camden Jim I won't
forget this pentas last time I use this
um because I like you
I hear escalator opening and me my hubby
I was telling Tim I was craving a good
ol Hong Kong breakfast
Tom Bantam which is pasta with egg and
sperm and so he went and got it
my goodness guys I just launched the
campaign for the am unicorn tank top and
I think I'd lunched it like we're not
even at 30 minutes and look there's salt
50 already I hate this weather it's too
hot but then but when Eric on phone is
too cold
oh I know baby
but while I play hard to get chubby
popover I'm gonna take that as a yes
Oh hit the song oh my goodness
I'm just sticking like err so wait stirs
to bear assume you guys know I launched
the I'm a unicorn tank tops all on TSP
yesterday I hit the target on 500
t-shirts now I was wondering at how even
be able to sell that many in 10 days but
it it was a bit and then I woke up to
find that we already sold like 100 tight
tops so we're really raised eight five
five hundred dollars for charity so not
only are you going to walk this loose
tank top but 100 percent of the profits
will go straight to charity so you're
doing an amazing thing thank you so much
for inspiring me and I'm so glad that we
can do this together
