Perdue say that we look alike he feels
more toddler II lately what he's still
quite hmm today we're going to be
heading I'd to make a box and I think
going on the baby spot and get quite
irritated lately living de life be
following daddy he's not really in the
mood to swim today I think he's just
enjoying the drift you probably
everything care looks so good
first world problems I'm going to go for
the pasta my sister just asked why is
there a random tree and that's all I
know
they gave crayons and a little coloring
sheet but it's really just for me
can't work out what this is it looks
like a B will the big nut throw one to
bring one of these back it's a shame
that I can you Tate it himself off like
this it'd be such a hit is so
comfortable to hug I am being serious
with this one this is what bacon she
likes it's all about the size for my
sister take it you need to wrap your leg
around as well no that's all she said
looks like somebody had a heavy night
last night Tim one tight and he bounced
into your few subscribers so we ended up
taking our subscribers or I believe
somewhere and having a lot of fun and
actually left me an audio note just want
to show you guys a website called open
your eye post that contacted me a little
while back and basically it's a website
that's free to join and you just fill in
surveys based on topics that interest
you
food TV maybe nice whatever I want
you're pretty much doing is you're just
helping to improve ideas of companies
and products and return you get points
and those points are used towards cash I
to gift cards and Amazon gift cards so I
think it's pretty cool
especially if you're always on your
phone or if you have time to burn like
sitting in traffic
sitting in a toilet getting the bus to
school or whatever then you may as well
or in some pocket money I believe every
time you fill in a survey they enter you
into a ten thousand dollar prize draw if
you're interested I'll have the link in
my description box right now I believe
it's only available to friends of United
States a farm
in a lab made ice cream it's Hong Kong's
first liquid nitrogen ice cream made in
a laboratory laboratory who lives a
smartphone I've ever seen
oh we just kind of left me are they
going look at all that
what sir Oh Saturday here's my one
Crosbie shortbread very bread looks like
blood
nice enough Venezia period oh there's
actually a kdrama called blood I hear
it's really good is like how hard to see
it
love
it's good
verdict
but
my sister is gone and miss her all right
so much but like you know when she left
I was like bye but inside I was dying
I don't know I think growing up we kind
of don't really like to show too much of
our emotions but I'm sure she feels it
so right now I have this in this free
second skin mask I was wondering why I
was called second skin but not I know it
feels really slimy feels like I just
ripped off someone's face and I just put
their skin on me honey do you know where
chubby is ha ha Erico it's so hot in
Hong Kong
this may sound really gross but
sometimes when I run out of scrunchies I
take my clean clean underwear and I can
degrees as a scrunchie it works it works
really well
why not Kristen if you're watching thank
you so much for these guess who these
look like it's a mini double move on a
mini chubby button net - Moo - Moo style
plushies it's so cute I also wanna thank
Kristen for your letters Tim just read
his and it totally made his day your
letters really really touched my heart
and if you don't mind I just wanna read
the letter that you realize it because
it's so sweet and I hope one day he can
read this dear Isaac I hope you know
that you're so incredibly loved as crazy
as science over 800,000 people watch you
grow right before our very own eyes as a
right now you're only 6 months old
and we have seen you grow up every step
of the way before you even arrived on
this earth so many people were anxiously
waiting for your arrival tracking your
mommy's belly growth and seeing you grow
inside your tummy and then finally a
you're right it's so amazing to see you
laugh cry and then we can't imagine our
lives being different won't bite you
here keep dreaming little one being a
child is one of the greatest times of
your life or you can be carefree all the
while surrounded by your friend
and lucky you have lots of us loving you
hope to meet you someday soon if mom
Hong Kong then perhaps in the United
States we'll see you soon and be sure to
give your auntie Zin a girl's a good
show we love you so much
Mohan oil a love always and Dee Kristin
baby but teething teething sucks
Oh cry baby okay you're a baby you're
supposed to cry it's okay
sneeze hyung indexer celebratory it's a
smallest boy I've ever seen
but daddy belongs as expert I don't know
what he thinks your dreams come true
Dexter's mom I know I feel your pain I
feel your pain maybe the boys want to be
hugged
I should really enjoy it because when
he's older he will want to become I made
this song mama had a chicken okay get it
no singing no singing
