I'm dinner with my mom tonight
she call me I was like you didn't give
me any address I don't know what they
dress well so I spit the pointed tip and
she was like hello Tim can you tell me
the address please double standards
about you my friend
I'll tell you all about it
see you oh you can eat sushi I'm so
excited all day just gave him a little
balloon you're making the Wagyu beef
right in front of us
good I'm retiring my Balenciaga citibike
because all I ever use is my mummy baby
bike so there's no point in me she also
has an oyster case perfect and I matches
I'm gonna be dyeing my hair this ash
front color is called milky ash what
would school usually I use Japanese
paradise but let's see how this Korean
bronze for work we're going to come in
so many bye what is this comfy right
well it's a work but open ya see you
didn't meet this after all a little part
of my file my weight to the bitten by
double protection oh Jesus usually I
judge high well paradise work based on
their globes as well these are great
glows it will you do mine and I'll be
yours that's disgusting that's my sister
I make me do me hey wait did you hear
that Elliot Penton ok so this one is
basically the conditioner so you've
arrested
how are you dying your hair shirt really
I am dying it and uh mocha latte boy
pretty huh and this is my color so let's
compare I don't like this place it hurts
my self-esteem I just did for everyone
but this
I like it so far because you see how
easy it is a pump hotter right should we
do it in the living room
stop it stop it it's you this is wrong
such a good product it's got a wide base
and yet she managed to spill it
ah see this is better
I chew the other one again did you turn
ice melt like a pina colada
listen posting pictures of us on
Instagram and all you guys have been
saying is secretly twins which is which
do we this sound like people some people
think that I'm the young groans I have
no idea cuz I clearly heard her do her
makeup I clearly have more wrinkles I
just uploaded a new flog and so cute a
lot of the comments you guys are saying
that mummy boobs is really funny
she's sued if seeing cute thing is my
mom's a little self-conscious I've heard
it's tedious but she doesn't realize how
it makes her the mean auntie award goes
to
okay like it this is my hair color very
Brian and Higgins now this is a baby uh
fever call him with little pots
misspelling April that's when he was
younger and he called looking for me mom
picked up she goes my daddy said it
doesn't matter how much the guy makes a
long as he keeps my daughter well it's
all that matters
honey kindness enjoyed being in too long
a hold on
Oh
the girl she literally just came in like
this
Oh
happy birthday
you're welcome
add a bit of the kondal
yeah that's my kids that you're from I'm
gonna die
is your birthday
only in Hong Kong if I hair dye and they
give you a can of soup good afternoon
everybody
I have really good news so last night I
launched the I'm of your court type top
aunties right now I remember thinking I
don't even know we can sell 500 in 10
days and it's not even a date and we've
already sold 600 so we made it bison and
$500 profit at least so far I want to
thank you guys for your support I hope
you will like your tag pops and the best
thing is you know that all of the money
is going to go towards to help fight
poverty I want to find bias but I just
think it's so cute it's a penguin with
ice cream on the head trying to be a new
record so if you're wondering why the
one I'm wearing is slightly different to
the one on the website it's because the
one on the website is a final design so
I'm just wearing this sample for a long
time I would just kind of lie in there
and I just kind of wondered there must
be a reason why I have such a big
following here in YouTube even though I
absolutely love what I do
I've always known that I could do more
so this is just been
great opportunity for making ditches you
know not only just get creative and you
know to have some fun but you know by
doing something what you guys that means
we can really make a difference campaign
is only going to run for ten days if
you're interested in definitely check
out the link in my description box and
some of you guys do too being way too
kind
about what I'm doing but in comparison
to some people right there who are
climbing my didn't run a marathon I feel
like what I'm doing is very minimal but
I'm glad I can do my part and none of
this which is impossible where are you
guys that's all I want to say that the
tank tops are available and thank you to
those who supported
you
