good morning guys it is our last day my
genius my legs are so tired I'm so glad
I only know that they feel tired because
we actually tracked her steps yesterday
we walked equivalent of 10 miles the day
before we lost equivalent of 10 miles
last night I had the best sleep ever am
i back to reality back to little sleep
back to little time every keyboard to it
here again we're dumplings in our last
day because they really do taste really
good the ardour layer is really soft it
just doesn't feel sickening I can just
keep eating these over and over and over
again I popped in for some coffee and
this cafe is like Hello Kitty on crack
even the waffles are shaped like Hello
Kitty and very girly I see you like this
my brother I'll show everybody where
looks like money and plant teeth cutting
through and that's why he's got a fever
as well apartment is all dusted and
clean again
beautiful beautiful weather uh-huh Miss
Korea Fran house just have to fart eat
instant noodles which we picked up at
the 7-eleven over there but we never had
a chance to eat since Isaac is to get a
nap packed couldn't be me and it doggies
we're just gonna chill
oh it's an honor to be I um but you know
even just being away for some dates I
just couldn't wait to come back and
cheat decipher he still wakes up a few
times during the night
I don't mind waking up just to attend to
him I just had no idea how much I love
you hey hey I look at him pretending not
to care
oh I'm going in if you don't care about
me bye bye bye maybe he told me care mom
bought us PJ's sorry my lip anyway it's
like I said before mom got us PJs
and they're all pink yeah they are
because they're really stretchy show
card a wisp Onix fun check that out by
lunch tomorrow you can have it with your
porridge hey also you know an indeed
look everywhere for this
mmm honey your socks are disgusting
they've got holes all over them why what
why it's a minion and it looks like you
fat boy
just a baby it's a minion
and form of Batman noise about 1:1
Mantha
it's a minion and a form of Superman
it's a minion informal Captain America
yeah that's it
it cool socks it was either white or
yellow like no to meet the bold color it
rules like what hey it's a mini one you
get one see Isaac almost like a plain
shirt you don't have something like this
what about it oh yes sorry these are
mine are these really since its spring I
have a sky-blue feels pretty good to use
these chopsticks again because we're in
Korea cuz you know the chopsticks are
like metal under flat so it's really
difficult and I couldn't understand why
is a metal on why is I thought and then
I wikipedia'd it turns alright they use
metal because back then only the king
and queen yousa know silver because
silver turns color if there's poison in
it so they had silver to make sure that
they would be get poisoned because of
this Korean people they tend to make
very good surgeons and tailors because
their hand coordination is really good
which is really interesting she who must
be obeyed to get from my little sister
oh and they watch the majestic sunrise
together I'm looking at some of the
funds for a heist that we're looking at
back home in a cave hopefully this video
coming true and in June Tim and I are
gonna fly back to sort out the face and
everything and that's when it's gonna be
real and yet still like a conveyor for
mine until we go back foot fighting I
just want to quickly show you guys a
little actually did this drawing like a
year ago more than a year ago I might as
well put this defiance to use and even
more why not wait for a keycard so
whatever a my profit is made I'm going
to no I'm going to we are we are going
to donate it to charity I think I have
more than enough for me to be
comfortable and as my sister says I have
a home sleeping and I'm able to go to
bed with a full belly so I already feel
like really rich already just from this
it's not like I'm doing anything big
it's not like I'm running a marathon or
I'm climbing my typers I feel like what
I'm doing is very small but you know and
glad I can still do something because if
you guys remember like well back then I
said that I really wanted to volunteer
do things differently but then
I became along and I'm kind of bummed
out because and I thought and I really
hope to do that but you know he's always
start somewhere thousand miles starts at
the first step
