creeping the steam air of Lee min-ho
Vonda and I were in a taxi on our way to
our hotel which is in unum or here and
the room first thing my mom take blanc
coming here was this is perfect for MJ
you can take the lady out of Hong Kong
you can take the Hong Kong out of her so
it looks like my sister and I will be
sharing a bed mom on her own no but this
is a room Oh table for you to do your
makeup get your robe water my box oooh
just super film it watching her put all
her layers on here at Myeongdong
shopping central where you're supposed
to be grabbing food but mum keeps
stopping in every store as you can see
whoa
I'll say mom earlier she's like I need
to buy a shoe I'm like which I sitting
there meal and you think everything was
kimchi I can compete everywhere I mean -
stop - look here she's like oh I look
spicy and we're like mum everywhere
spicy here
here's your kimchi mean April order fish
this smells amazing oh my goodness this
is absolutely delicious guys a chicken's
so tender and soft and I really like
eating Korean rice because this is extra
soft mmm this is really good but spicy
we can't feel our lips which is good
because it means we can keep eating
Sanna Dunkin Donuts reminds me of Tim we
are doing it on the way it's faster
hotels and it's having him here my
mosque is falling off but I think one of
the best things about going I on a fake
shopping trip is coming home taking a
good shower and then put it on a sheet
mask because my skin just always goes
crazy after the flight mishaps Oh mummy
Bub's tries to make tea but realizes she
put the milk onto the freezer
boom out that's disgusting luck mom just
checked underneath the bed to see if
there's a corpse in arm bum app irony
she said and the news there was this
person know the no-tell and then they
find out there was actually a corpse
under deef there's a body underneath
where is this mom and use Ohia hi error
here just seems nice half 11 my new
lipstick that i got from mr. day an
orange color from me dl look at all the
billboards breathing the same air of lee
min-ho
come doesn't smell my penis but I don't
over sing it right either but comes at
me and your fear and your and your
happier mommy take comida
to say thank you
so hopefully this place is that famous
store they're doubling us to do let's
give it a tie I always look so stupid
using the chopsticks oh they're so happy
and the way they're flat I can't use
them
delicious we're here shopping buying a
bunch of cool shirts you're pretty cute
aya walk the entire floor twice are
twice my mom is still in the same store
why everybody is exhausted after all the
shoppings a happy little people on
holiday okay this one see it up here
it's got ice in it
it's actually really refreshing we're
pretty noob we got the exact same dishes
so we just hit the rice and then we just
mix it all up and just check this out a
kpop hologram concert I'm really
intrigued it's amazing how much happier
they are after food okay
we just took pictures and those chairs
and get Tisa on the angels fee
Rebekah's oh I guess I'm late
Oh morning from Seoul guys these are not
all day just gonna have a girlfriend
cousin had fresh pancakes coming here
yeah not mommy the car is so far away
mom is getting a bunch of products ooh
you know if I I love the vanilla and
while I turn things back
the feet are cold
so we finally put in a place after the
HOH people win but I really like about
it eating Korean food is a sirki like a
bunch of little appetizers I you just
nibbling to build up your appetite
I got bulgogi which is marinated beef
and April got with your chicken
I think it's a student yeah mission
accomplished
seafood and spring onion pancake here we
are and the palace really good weather
today I'm trying to just catch everybody
pulling through nation typical school
type rating here like Sina blossoms
April of mum says get your stickers now
I think it's kind of like also a shame
that everybody gets lipstick camera
instead of like enjoy but in here's me
my camera it's been so nice coming here
and chilling with my mom and dad
when my sister that makes me miss my
family so much and distance really does
make the heart grow fonder I come with
to see my family tomorrow
and I think it's like you know Tim and I
we've been here before so everywhere I
go I just kind of reminds me of Tim when
I pop it up he's doughnuts I just think
about how him and I used to get
doughnuts at the end of this day when
we're crossing the road me think of our
pre-wedding photo bra but last night we
were here we're doing really silly and
so busy bringing up Isaac that we kind
of forgot what life was like before he
came along so it's been really nice
reliving the moment
you
