oh there's a boring for you Dana trike
job do you like my socks yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah try out this Apple cutter
cuckoo look that's hot good boy in some
container press I Annie to show you guys
the fortune from the fortune cookie Eric
today's one and the action area next to
Paulus and a picture of your face oh are
you good boy are you not good boy
are you a bad boy Easter you won by last
night and they had a pretty interesting
time I think what happened was um there
was a slight mishap with a girl
something about her not liking their
accent and that they were just
distracting her both shows eating her
doodle I don't know Hong Kong here Oh
yummy
they were just saying that there was a
guy hitting on April last night and to
get rid of him Tim bought the sky a
lethal drink called one five one one
five one is the drink he felt so secure
they go home I know it I've never heard
this trick before
tonight Tim is making starters I'm
making dinner and this guy right here is
eating crisps better have appetite later
on I really know it an hour you should
be done usually that's what happens when
I hang around with people from my area
and like obviously everybody here is
from Ireland to make the bottle Hey
hello palms are so pricey hooker go
I think Isaac wants to look at the menus
well getting a folly Brian
do they just get a bunch of ingredients
and then they chop and mix it all up a
chair big ball
we fell asleep
good someone is my funny way I can see
what happened
it
we wanted a hey there's a boring for you
Dana chunk job my father-in-law stops
maybe cooler than mine tonight somebody
is enjoying creamy oh yeah creamy
Parmesan cheese mash um yeah good isn't
it is good Oh she'll be she'll was get
really excited when arts took cases I
because she knows we're going somewhere
the cute news is that he's gonna be here
guess which side is mine and which side
is my sister's we're here an airport
we're so small that we can a blend and
know some kids under school children so
this is going to be our first holiday
just the three of us three girls careful
April it's it's dangerous here people
are there flying luggages this is
actually my third time going to Korea so
this is mum on April's first time going
to Korea
what are you most excited about so
exciting what are you most excited about
mommy what do you know about Korea tell
us some stuff with the famous were
famous Oh Costa Magica a little bit of
shopping will burning time mom dashed
into Chanel this big giant store earlier
your shoes behind we're like oh we don't
want to go in there because we feel like
really intimidated and so we're like
let's go so we're cheap and then we took
the room were like we're because around
us I just see Cartier
Davonte you Tiffany it was when I get a
green tea latte for the very first time
because why not
what's the people instagramming their
third drinks like I don't mind that one
or two but quite Instagram it every day
in offending a lot of subscribers no
babe it's a seems drunk so you need to
take a picture of it everyday I think
the problem is I just don't get what's
appear to write the Starbucks mom looks
like a little kid from behind City sweet
keema okay 6rj now yeah
turn the other way honey come on did
your dad ever Nick laughing alright
squeen
okay
was actually quite sweet there's a lot
of exciting fun let's look at the upside
I like that it both enter touristy is
coming out understand why oh why
surround the megwin pi
