mama says this is a maze you know well
when was it I said I did it matches her
top she said
Harry Bosch my myface mama if it said in
a package today and I was like oh unless
enjoy your dim sum and then it opened it
I was like ruin it turns out they're
just fortune cookies it says just
kidding happy birthday hopefully there's
an actual fortune in this Otis if
irresistible isn't your middle name it
should be thank you so this is going
viral and basically this kid is from
Belfast where I'm from you should see
him it's like the smoothest kid ever
all right and then what is your name
this kiss move yesterday I will do the
lie and Tim took the dog out to the vet
so I was looking at the ball to me and I
saw it in my car and I was like it was
like me and I was going it crazy and I
was wondering like why he didn't really
respond to me and then her with in my
eyes and I realize crap that is not him
it's just some wrong numbers are there
and I had to pretend that I was wearing
of someone else but there was no one
like a behind him or anything have you
guys ever been like the reverse when you
see someone waving and then you think
they're waving at you so you're like and
then you realize you're like waiting
with someone else and they're just
looking at you thinking what are you
doing beautiful day
anyways my Stewart currently on an
airplane I feature lines and if I won
Mars time and we're going to be
collecting her and then I will be having
dinner with my mom so like my mom my dad
my sister are all I know how comes to
fittings I'm looking forward to it and
in just one week's time
we're heading to Korea to call me over
it better be worth it
actually any chance to get me out of the
laundry you have no son Isaac no are you
doing your my computer thank you
the boss hot work honey the boss at work
oh what's this
here we are at Hong Kong Airport I bet
you when we see April later she's gonna
be like I'm asking I don't know what it
is but I just tend to always walk in the
wrong gate
I mean has he gotten much bigger yeah
I'm smiling our babysitter for the next
two weeks has arrived he's getting me
she looks so good it's not fair
every time make it out of an airplane I
look like an armpit you want me to put
it high chinky you look I like it when
they cut his ear short I don't like them
like really long it's funny no I think
he gave a bunch of either they just
shave her okay let's see today's Fort
secretly press the oven mitts you're too
hot to handle I like these fortune
cookies we're gonna get more of these
currently on a bus on our way to FK with
my little sis say hi
you've been forever since I've been to
FK versus up in an applause as well Oh
cry myself cuz I remember to bring my
umbrella then I just realize I left it
on the bus this is all when I was in
Japan I had them all the time boy when I
say off to this Bo laughing like their
octopus balls they're not differences me
yeah you know what I mean they're not
testicle and then we have a pot well
tempo right here and sashimi okay this
is really weird I just witnessed her get
some chips and then dip it in the soy
sauce
that's really bizarre here in this mall
that's my sister nice would come to all
the time
although the nipples are really cute but
you have to be careful because some of
them are like really hot
there's mum mama my sister but she just
got these new shoes shopping today and
matches her outfit completely I need
some dresses I figure so I'm gonna get
this one Kaikeyi prop it against
yourself so I can show what it looks
like my key is lit and also like getting
up last one which is like this I just
asked my sister and my mom tell me like
for a dress because I have a wedding to
go to in July
the wedding is not club and then I can't
just steal someone's thunder here's
another one that because I off the
shoulders afraid and be a long day
shopping with these Julie's mama says
this is a makeup you know what I did
matches her top she said yeah I know
you've got the tiny whatever short s120
higher like almost 25 a moment still
trying to pick clothes for you you pick
something for us here don't have a way
you pick something for you if I buy you
this one tool for me I'm so busy here
I must not get lost mom mom mom mom the
walk so fast don't abandon me get one
for your brother why Ricky will not wear
even if you paid him I've lost my mom
again
this is only the first floor and I'm
exhausted
a little heads up when you go somewhere
if you put your four I like this song
I'm gonna get this jumper I think I'll
be nice for white shirt underneath me is
pretty this is really cheap pair of
short yes oh it's not Yandex a matching
nothing like some bags of stuff
April shop cuz she's like you can find
it so you don't have to wear lots of
layers and just wear this underneath my
sister and I are waiting for mum she is
crazy like hurry fishbowls and then she
just turned right goes what you say
really fun people do that really look
for and then there's a guy walking near
look what look I don't know what look
it's Annie c'mon there's a few times my
mom has like entered a shuffle and your
cheap overhead theory as you go
April is getting her fix off fishbowls
finally there April you've got your
bowls
your fishy bowl enjoying the excellent
sister mother bonding time thing all of
us are like really tired so we're gonna
have some dessert mangoes I go and
there's April and her selfie stick
I feel so good and she is always
polluted and there are lots of people
that be and I just feel so good to wash
all that away hi was Isaac three makes
me feel better not because I'm going to
Korea in a few days so it's just going
to be YouTube
hi
