good morning cheeky one it was good his
toy lately daddy there is something
about Jana she's so sexy for once my
fridge is filled with veggies and fruit
it helps to my throat I need myself
ginger and lemon tea tim is such a child
I offer to make him like a gourmet son
we each other salat just once chicken
nuggets and chips your new babies it can
be so delicious I remember telling my
friends I was having so much fun
pureed baby foods and she was like let's
see how fun is gonna last till but um
today combination is pumpkin till 2 and
pork the bad thing is the dogs get to
eat it as well so it's like a healthy
little treat for them you get me a this
is what happens when you grab the spoon
and wipes is base no realize you don't
think good advice
ah what's the point well nobody's is
gonna drop his Papa speaking wipe it is
it false you think this is funny
shake it
yeah shouldn't wipe the Huns first by
the way his bib was on but he yanked it
up I figured he's getting a bath soon so
yeah
never me that was singing honey how do
you know you don't know yet you don't
want to make it a singer before you die
I will cut my balls off I'm gonna fight
in Milan Janette thanks but I don't want
to wear it
there's something very therapeutic about
watching Tim cut veggies cuz he's a
perfectionist so he cut some really neat
rows I'm like okay okay good morning
guys I'm really really feeling today's
lipstick I think it's max sweetheart
roll too far oh yeah so this is a
lipstick max sweet-and-sour because it's
so hot lately even when I wear my hair
dye I kind of just want to like clip up
the top so it feels comfortable I think
it makes you look a bit more fresh so
the trick to doing is don't just grab a
whole section but piggyback going to
take piece by piece so it has a more of
a messy look they just put it with any
clip and unless you will not believe how
hot it is today so today I have a lunch
with a business partner well maybe more
of a friend starting to get to see where
he's pretty cleanly nice so when I need
the room and he just starts screaming
bloody murder I think mommy's not that
interesting I'm actually quite boring
you know whoop there's something called
the Isaac challenge that I challenge all
my friends to do because they're always
like are you kind of me so heavy I'm
like I think I've just gotten used to a
another ten people who hold him can't
really do it more than a few minutes I
must be really strong Hey so one two
three
for oh but I can do this
607 oh okay that's my arm workout for
today a company mini sent me in to proc
supply so today I curled my hair I don't
actually really liking it and the one
that I use is the medium borrow I think
this is called the curled Jam what's
really random too cool but just is I'm
obviously a couple's of the florals and
stuff but it gives you many hair
straighteners as well so today's weather
is quite gloomy so I had to carry an
umbrella but the really embarrassing
thing was them I was too busy like on
the phone that I forgot I eventually got
indoors and I was holding my umbrella
indoors for like 30 seconds can you
clean my glasses when you clean is extra
pain for some reason I could cost you
what another kiss and other cheek feel
wait wait you said deal so it there you
go
totally worth it actually isn't love
that clean refund now you owe me good
morning guys so yesterday as you guys
know I had a work lunch so after lunch I
thought I'll go check out hmm Sarah
these are the pieces that I picked up
let me show you the pieces so I'll show
you the ones I'm Sara first very first
one is just a boyfriend shirt so she's a
pinstriped one
it's loose-fitting I think this is just
nice to wear with shorts or jeans also
picked up this some sort of like a 10
best I kind of like it cuz it's kind of
freely I think it'll go really well in
my tan boots I think I look pretty
what's black underneath it or if it's
matched with why I'm quite feeling like
earthy colors lately you're wondering
why buy from you clothes in a kitchen
because Isaac up sticking it up so he's
a very lights paper he's very much like
so these are from H&M so I just picked
up a light blue a polka dot a fast pop
and just tie at the bottom pretty cute
of a bliss tank top I quite like the
prints I think it's quite easy on the
eyes very bohemian I think all of these
turn blue and then here I just have like
a lightweight flowy cardigan just a navy
one easy to match and this one is just
like a navy lightweight sweater you
actually wear as a dress also pick these
two up this is one of the new clinics
lipstick so what's really unique about
this lipstick is even though the finish
is much it's really really hydrating
guys so I picked up this natural peachy
coral color and then I got this chubby
stick eyeshadow tint for the eyes I
think it's quite a nice color to wear
for spring especially on the lower lash
line
oh wow
oh here girl
Oh Bailey he like Paris he likes pumpkin
he likes a little bit of mango you had
your breakfast it's mummy plane I'm
having cotton genius you don't get
anywhere
