I love pork oh okay I thought because
you know thank you
this is very nice here doctors don't
know how long I'll be waiting for so but
all drawing pad with me tonight
I made the Spanish style rice with
chicken and intrusive he was asleep he
seems pretty occupied I'm gonna finish
this did a quick doodle when I was at
the doctor's today and so when I came
back I thought I'll do a pretty free
mana but since this is so bold but the
black I don't think it suits the
watercolor I was going to go over to
details and pencil by the I'm just going
to do that got a scribble effect on top
of the sea hi Alex
see the great thing about art is I can
do this anywhere only as a pod I can do
in a kitchen I can do an eye six bedroom
layout right now
I take too loud you're gonna wake up la
la tired today Haley went to bed last
night seven high and I got Isaac to
sleep at and crawled into bed 11 Ella
wakes up at 2:00 feeds her but she
decides to stay up until I think it was
like 5:30 or 5:40 if I went to bed again
and I say wakes up but it's okay because
guess what daddy's home my life is
watching the dog either that he's
talking to you yeah okay this is looking
at you know oh it's just that eat
clothes pork
oh okay I thought because you know thank
you
this is very nice
whoa how does it work this is awesome
he brought my paintbrushes back guys you
remember years and years and years ago I
actually used to paint oh I missed you
guys
- you do is just er day and I started
off by doing a watercolor and I realized
that this looked too strong and bulls so
I just did like a really quick scribble
outline over it just do the whole thing
that looks a bit more balanced in this
morning I just did even quicker one of
this one really enjoyed doing a
scribbling part because it's really fast
and I think it actually looks pretty
cool so managed to finish this winter
style by the way I'm really sorry
fleetly it just seems like I've been on
a major art lo with the cupcake piping
and crafts and you know I apparently
your lettering and it's just been really
fun because you guys don't already
I used to paint a lot a lot a lot a lot
a lot and then I guess life happened I
just felt so good to go back to my roots
especially night I'm starting something
new the whole lettering thing it's
probably been just over a week since I
started this lettering and journey and
it's it's just been so much fun and I
love that I can do it anywhere and just
doodle while I'm gonna play with Isaac
doodle when I'm in the kitchen waiting
for the water to boil and all that stuff
some of you guys have been asking and
what books I've been reading and what
tools I used so I'm gonna share a few
guys that being said I am Salah mature
so the learning particularly like to go
on Pinterest and Instagram ala and look
up lettering calligraphy there's a lot
of great artists out there just to get a
bit of inspiration and my advice is just
to practice you can read books and books
and books but the best way to do is just
the keep practice writing down a bet and
you are going to have some really ugly
letters and it's okay because the more
you do it the better it gets and a
really cool thing is everybody has their
own styles your worse will look and
perfectly perfect if you know what
but some of the books I got are this one
I really enjoyed actually recommended it
to you guys and my Instagram story and
then my best friend end up getting it
and she finds it very helpful as well it
tells you the tools and pens and paper
that it recommends and the different
styles it's quite interactive these
falling pages I find really helpful
because basically it's alphabets so all
the different aids that you get to all
different pieces sometimes if I'm
wondering oh how should I draw this I
don't know this see then I just look it
up so this part of the book I find
really helpful everyone I got is called
tan lettering and this is also an
interactive guide no I or as this is
more of a letter in doesn't focus more
on the artsy fartsy side Pablo really
focuses on doing the flourishing how to
embellish a letter therefore this is
more me because I enjoy doing the
decorating on color inside more than the
lettering and a lot of you guys have
been asking to type of pens I use what I
do use a lot or my pencils because I'm
still amateurs so I like to really
pencil in my writing first and once I'm
happy with it I go over in a pen so
obviously with the pencil you need a
rubber you also need a ruler which I
don't have so I'm using this for an eye
umm pen white I have the very famous
tombow so one side is more of a like a
brush marker type which is bigger and
then the other side as more like a
thinner and so it means that with this
side you can do the lettering make it
like a whole script II and pretty and
whimsical this side you can use to do
the sans-serif or just the serif type of
font these are the tombow calligraphy
pens which is like a sister to the
tombow and as you can see these are much
smaller ones which I also really enjoy
using so you've got the softer tip and
also the harder chip and then I got
these in a set up too I've recently
started using these water pens and I'm
still trying to get the hang of it as
you can see in this one I have
inside how you can also use it is you
can just put water inside these and just
dip it in your water color as you can
see this is all dry right noise so
what's really handy is I could just do
this anywhere I don't need to have like
a little cup of water and just squeeze
it and you can see it just activates the
paint right away you don't want to put
the ink inside a water pen and just use
this one this is the pen tell GF KP pen
so again it's a brush tip you just put
ink cartridges inside which is Miss
messy that's it
honestly these are my staple products I
use at the moon of course I also use
coloring pencils just your ordinary
Crayola and here's my pocket Ives
watercolor palette right here I love to
just do like little washes of watercolor
I either go and talk with color pencil
like I did with this one as you can see
it did the details with the column
itself or sometimes I like to use a
marker thin marker and just kind of
scribble over to do a little squiggly
doodle style and that's fun but right
now and is really experimenting testing
the water and just trying to figure out
which medium I like using this but at
the moment I'm really enjoying using all
of them and also invite you guys to
start this calligraphy slash lettering
/rt journey with me and let's all learn
together and let's continue to inspire
each other so corny I know but I'm the
queen of corn
