shut door because omelette du fromage
breakfast time I'm gonna have yogurt
with cut up strawberries and bananas oh
good
guys if you ever crave ice cream well
this will taste nothing like it isn't
that Lisa's healthy check out my new
backdrop and it's like you know
background well stop me behold Neil I'm
like a bed of roses remember oh did not
leap or you shut door because I'll knit
through fromage I should definitely work
her few more especially when I spent
like baby puke all the time e Lily this
is the best thing I've seen all
afternoon folder more meets uptown funk
you guys remember I was saying that I
will test the ink foundation from YSL I
don't like it that much so far I'm not
very impressive especially with the
price I wish it was just like a pump it
would be easier to apply but when you
open is it's like this and it's like
then drops and you have to really move
hmm and not much gets by so you have to
pour it and I find that it gets a little
messy as it dries really fast you have
to apply quite a bit and I know let's
just it's just not that great when a
little massage here over here your leg
remember when he was like ill carrots
nah he absolutely loves it
ah yes I see I'm just skipping it and he
wants to eat it while I skip it which
animal are you when you're angry let's
see why often do you become angry
maybe once in a while when someone was
angry how do you react depends on the
circumstance but went in bugs me
I start by ignoring and the president
lot which of these things would upset
you the most being interrupted so it's
all Thomas driver wrote wait a minute
being shoved by stranger away to a
detail so you can't control yourself
when you're angry
hmm sometimes what comes you down when
you get really mad I want to say food
but it's definitely exercise I'm 95%
Tiger 5% kitten hi look at those legs
look at those legs oh I'm not sure
what's wrong with me lately but when I
like look down or when my head moves
dying like this and I dip it forward I
get like really bad pain like them like
here like right here he'll really sore
not even if I put my fingers right here
my temples
I can feel a pulsing like there's a vein
that's going boom
Chubby's like am I gonna walk turn right
yeah Brittany says go lucky good name
Annie
like I'm gonna get one he gets like
three kisses mama Noel this guy I hope
you don't catch it in front black cotton
jeez someone just run a doorbell and I
went to pick up the parcel no joke the
guy was like this
Seifer please I was like okay I have
this some well that you for children
it's a fever cooling tape
it's just feels nice and cool cuz my
forehead area just feels really like hot
meanwhile hey hey watching this show on
how you can do facial yoga a party if I
pop up my face and then tap it gently it
helps your face is already fluffed up
there's another one kind of like you're
gargling I'm borrowing Isaac's baby food
maker I'm steaming pears if you have a
sore throat or a terrible cough steam
Paris and eat it trust me guys I saw
this thing on the Internet
so I'm just cutting it like this not all
the way as you can see because I've cut
like this and means it can bend easily
as you can see
so I'm going to make these two come
together like a circle so we have a
little happy ring so when I laugh or
just make the eggs miss puffy separately
this morning I received a package I was
wondering who was from Cassie if you're
watching thank you so much I feel so
honored to get her but beforehand I am
so so so part of her she's just one of
the sweetest most humble and most not
ambitious but determined girls that I
know these pictures look really really
lovely as well and I think there's even
recipes in here she also included some
snacks here and of course a card thank
you so much Cassie happy seven-month
little peanut
I'm here not a little peanut are you
daddy laughter for you knock baby crying
it goes you're his mother
you guys youtubers
we can hear them
when was the last time you stopped to
listen to the birds I bet it's been a
while for some of you
