how do everybody it is bob's today is so
roomy I think only one side of my face
is lit it's kind of dark on this side
but it's okay cuz this is my better side
every time when I sit here and I carry
my camera you guys tell me one Froy is a
heavier than the other and it's because
the light comes through here so this
part is dark so ellipsis if this boy is
darker but if I completely look this way
and that cameras on this side it's done
like completely different welcome to
another episode of ask Bob's my voice
may sign a little sexier than usual
because I've got a sore throat right now
so my voice signs like a little little
husky but still pretty much squeaky cuz
I didn't think I can ever escape from
the squeaky voice my let's get started
with your questions why are men so
difficult
hmm from my opinion just okay I think
it's because women care too much whereas
men don't care enough I think they're
just oblivious a lot of times whereas
the woman is like it's got a funny
question but I think like of the beauty
autism I think women are just as
difficult as men how do you feel about
Lee min-ho dating Susie from Miss a I
feel nothing nothing mean empty hints I
feel empty I deserve I speak friends I
would say ditch them because you don't
need a fake friend and like I always say
cheese the hang out with people who
bring the best out of you if your friend
makes you feel horrible about yourself
or if this firm makes you cups of all
the time or turns you into someone that
you're not really pried off then maybe
you should rethink things and maybe
you're better off we'll fight them I
guess how I would deal of it is to just
be careful with the things you say to
him because I know that I can't trust
these people so I mean I am I think high
and stuff but I wouldn't you know I
wouldn't go out of my way to hang out
with them why to control yourself while
eating if you don't want to overeat a
tip that I have is to just drink
grapefruit juice three times a day by
thirty minutes
or your meals and that's because even
though great purchase is really healthy
and helps it eat your digestion it
actually suppresses your appetite
it doesn't suppress your appetite so
people needs it just means you won't eat
as much I end up eating a healthy normal
proportion rather it in like a big giant
proportion are you rich mmm it really
depends how you define the term to me
English doesn't always have to be from
well like I dine liking I'm rich from
happiness if it's in terms of wealth I
would say I think we're really really
blessed we have more than enough for us
to spend and you know we're able to live
really comfortably and worse prank you
pulled um I feel really bad saying this
but my little sister April she doesn't
have a lot of baby pictures and I don't
you want to say it when I was little as
a joke I told her she was adopted how do
you observe maintain the perfect
relationship
any advice ah first of all Tim and I are
definitely not perfect people so this
means we don't have the perfect
relationship for not argument of people
so we don't argue a lot but just because
you don't argue doesn't mean your
relationship is healthy because
communication is everything I think a
lot of times relationships don't work
out the way people want it to be because
they're so focused on how the other
person should make them happy when they
should be thinking of okay what can I do
to make them happy
coffee tea or hot chocolate I would
definitely choose tea green tea would
you rather eat Tim spit or lick Isaac's
dirty diaper this one's easy I would
easily lick Isaac's dirty diaper I'm
gonna eat him spit that's what make me
accountable what's your biggest pet
peeve that Tim does tim has a thing
right when he goes to a toilet and does
a number two and when he's really
impressed with that number two he will
go out of way to make sure that I see it
so stage one would be him screaming and
shouting for me to go see it for like a
few five minutes and of course I would
reject it
CHD is when he would actually leave it
there okay so he wouldn't flush so if I
were to suddenly walk past I would have
to see not only does he do that he also
goes on to stage three he would take
pictures of it and then spam my whatsapp
chat this is what my life has come to
first weirder you or Tim Tim is
definitely one of the biggest weirdos I
know like the guy is nuts but between
the two of us I would say I'm the
weirdest one because you've designed
teachers before would you want to try to
design baby teachers would you rather
put glitter or fart sprinkles and then
have to go the sprinkles because
cleaning glitter is a lot of work does
every day 9:00 to 5:00 makeup makes skin
lifeless what to do if you can't avoid
makeup but if you have to wear makeup
every day on its full face then the best
thing you can do is to cleanse it
properly so definitely use a good
cleansing oil especially at nighttime
your skin regenerates so if it's not
cleanse properly of makeup then you're
just clogging up your pores and you're
not letting your skin Jewett's things
but even still even if you do have to
wear makeup it doesn't have to be like
everything and you don't have to pay
foundation partner little did you ever
wish you were an only child growing up I
can't say I ever did because I grew up
with three other siblings and it was so
much fun would you rather have pokemon
be real or go to Hogwarts there wanna be
a wizard or do I want to be a pok√©mon
trainer I want to meet pokemon trainer
what advice would you give to
entrepreneurs who wish to start their
own business don't be scared to try and
I think a lot of people they have a lot
of great ideas but they're so scared of
feeling and you know when fearing is all
part of life no one wants to like
completely do anyone you could ever
really only lose is by not trying right
now I am in the process of several
projects and it's all really exciting we
could all go down a drain and you know
it could feel it doesn't matter
whatsoever for me because the way I got
it is I want to be able to learn learn
new experiences that to me is more
valuable than anything else
what part of being UK will you be made
back to I think at the moment most
likely we're gonna be moving back to
northern ireland's we're planning to
move back hopefully this year if we can
well you ever continue of the idea of
making your own design bracelets
actually that is still ongoing and you
could only give one piece of advice what
would it be it would be to see the light
and everything I believe everything
happens for a reason and even in
toughest toughest scenarios we will
always give you something from it we are
there learn from it or we grow character
in every single trial there's always a
treasure so sometimes things just happen
and we don't understand why we can only
only see the light in a situation
because you can't control what happens
but you can't control your attitude all
right guys so these are your questions
thank you so much for sending them in
and if you want to ask me a question it
don't forget to tweet me with hashtag
ask above take care everyone I'm gonna
go do a poo
