did you have a good sleep
beautiful I heard him like giggle to
himself I knew he was up hmm he's
playing with yourself happen in your bed
it'll be different when you're 15 years
old no no the microphone broke that was
the best part
not all baby works key
it just wasn't turned on if calling to
Dhamma chubby clearly doesn't care
mm-hmm that's double he is scared of
everything it's tree okay so if you put
a voice treat treat treat then you go
alone it we make zombies our name Janus
consumers are they pretty much
I couldn't sleep again instead of like
trying to sleep I was trying to think I
would survive a zombie apocalypse and
like I started get really complicated I
mean how will you survive a zombie
apocalypse I listen to this and then I
was good and then since the zombies away
there's a longest I'm hungry why did I
ask this question I just thought of a
joke whether the woman say to you the
mystery that was struggling in business
you need me just occupy in looking at
his own reflection green hot chocolate I
okay okay you have it I'm not sure when
I'm watching but it's awesome wait where
food is that a brain bull poodle
those are smart doggies I just saw this
on Facebook - tree
your mom's open your meal open your meal
I don't see what you bought with um
possibly our credit card actually if you
buy with my credit card I didn't see why
I can't open it I'm reading this
magazine just randomly and then what's
that I was like oh this mosque is good
and then I saw this although this is a
hard part waking him up lowers me deep
sleep Isaac I did
like what I find to picture off my
cousin beyond yes remember him right so
cute when it was little trying to reduce
her hon Carrie
Tofurky Sonoma I got by pickup came up
and meets up no no I stand I don't like
ya don't you Oh
imagine if he came out with this mama
I'm tired
granny bub said back in UK I miss Sara
feel bad because I didn't get a chance
to see her as much as I wanted to but
before she left she gave me like no joke
like two weeks were up for it possibly I
don't know why but every time I go to
market and I pick fruit it's always
rotten it's just it's just never right
but like there's never by Brown ease
that one day five for it it's always
perfect like that honey
experience super par that they have very
hard work on making a big deal of it
okay when two new sorry it's it's like
we have a normal conversation and he'd
say excuse me
why oh yeah even worse when he's on the
phone with mom after it when he scented
the phone call I'm like are you okay and
he's like what I was like yeah an
argument your mommy like no we were
having a really good chat it's been an
Asian thing
don't don't break it son go easy on it
there's two types of people when it
comes to eating mango I like to peel my
mind goes and just eat it whole Tim like
the flight shut up
I don't like cutting it because
sometimes I cut through the cord
Oh what is that I think he got his first
mosquito bite kill this mosquito when I
find it and he's pissed off he kind of
hyper offense at least a little bit ago
one two feet I know all the rhymes there
is an adventure just you and me I'm a
little yellow car baby oh my goodness
that just hit me one day I think is
going dad is that stubble came up in him
over stubble look we are old photos
right no I've been how about if I shadow
I look like ten years younger
you already look 12
i know i look like i was like-- - then
thanks very good again this morning you
guys sent in your links and tweeted me
about Lee min-ho
who is currently dating I can't even say
I'm happy for him really
Susie from Miss a is dating Lee min-ho
the two CF King and queens are together
cool shampoo and he me I just don't know
how he could do this to me I guess I am
married after all
that thing you still owe me lost the bet
this is what I'm married to
