ladies and gentlemen thank you for
voting today slide that Cathay Pacific
wind try morning guys so today we have a
busy day I have a mascara I have mascara
I have a interview with a magazine so
gonna be popping out early and hopefully
coming back early to get some errands
done so I apologize lately guys if plugs
aren't up frequent or quickly just a
little occupy lately I know you guys
will understand my hair is a little on
the greasy side today but it should be
fine kind of why I'm wearing it straight
so it's kind of like the sleek shiny
kind grease is the new shine slate I
don't smell like baby puke either I'm
not like Isaac kept waking up like every
two hours he kept waking up and I was
like Tim I need sleep he came to him he
was like just go I know like putting on
my makeup I was just gonna melt right
off currently in times where and heading
into
here in Google Hong Kong's just ready to
take a interview I think the interview
went okay at the spigen Chinese and when
I think come to me as I kind of panic on
this it's just like a normal
conversation but like if it's an
interview my mind goes kind of like I'm
just gonna grab some lunch now and then
I get this cherry tomato and the seared
tuna salad and our and a half the
trouble I have to go home my favorite
foundation bra nights and it's the tushy
class foundation and then I decided to
pick up their new ink foundation I
thought I was quite intrigued because um
it's supposed to be really really really
thin like ink so I'll be testing it I
another thing about it is unlike the
sushi cloud and this one actually has a
matte finish and even though usually I'm
not like a big fan of matte foundations
and goes so sticky but then when I'm in
bed is like like during the day you're
really tired but then like when you lie
in bed it's like how did I get here what
is the meaning of life why is an apple
called an apple of course he does when
he goes to bed he falls asleep and like
we're just chilling in bed all of us
he's just rolling all over so we have to
keep a close eye on him hello baby from
spirited away yes guys so many of you
guys say this do some stretching and
then work those legs Isaac
easy for you you always got your food
you've taken away my last drop of energy
calorie fee so I can get food chubby
Isaac
mommy's just gonna borrow your
microphone having a lot of fun with
Isaac's toys especially the microphone
port German the flight to New York is
not boarding
thank you i approaching next training
please ladies and gentlemen thank you
for voting today's flight at Cafe
pacific ranch I say something no don't
don't eat it say something surprise ya
later Linda spaces why does no I think
I'm probably having more fun earnest
than Hughes I saw this join Tim left and
mighty poor I knew Tim did not throw
this not one of our neighbors laughing
see you should set your dollar at the
same time as Tim let's try bein dumb
alright as she did this drawing for us
thank you this drawing of me looks too
good
and then there's Isaac shall be indoor
mo and Tim absolutely uncanny really
love this thank you so much guys seeing
drew so talented
Australian milk cake I got it it's so
cute thank you to Loretta and cherry
yeah is this so creamy Loretta and
cherry have both agreed that aside from
his news what do you think honey
check it out all right side the balcony
you can't really see much cuz it's so
foggy
oh honey chill everyone your t-shirt
what does it say nerd nerd why mini nerd
Tim always liked where I'm watching
stuff I've always been a bit of because
I'm like oh I always thought watching is
cheesy and it is but we've become one of
those cheesy families my friend sent me
a V on my mum's get nothing done I'm
like so hard this is not really the
problem Isaac this is more of a case of
Tim wrecking everything that I tidy
Tim's been playing this new game after
quitting zookeeper what's this game
called quiz RPG it's actually pretty fun
you get to learn things I always have to
step in and help him you know it let's
all swim into the hair of Tim's leg for
absolutely yeah why the sighs you ever
feel they need some time to make like
weird noises like really cringe is what
he hates ye noises
