he's totally trolling me today come on
work with me a lot of people notice
Isaac and instead of Tim and I having a
great time
Oh doggies are liking their souvenirs
you know the hotel slippers they love it
I can wear these in peace
Isaac is checking out Judy
too bad Isaac she's married it really
likes watching TV
Nikki she's pretty you see her daughters
three daughters two of them were
trainees Humpty Dumpty had a great fall
um dig stop wait he's playing with fish
dinner for one tonight and I got my
little pup to keep me company
well she's just next to food to be
honest haven't had time to flog lately
snippet occupy that natural Isaac
haven't made this in a while that looks
good pesto chicken wrapped in bacon with
cheese we got back from Thailand and
then the day after attempts we all
forget just Isaac the dogs and every
time I feel lonely
I don't Bridget Jones she's like every
girl's friend thanks for keeping me
company I'm watching TV and he's just
been sitting here happily
see miss daddy because Tim is in
Thailand I had to pass up a charity
event which I wasn't devastated with but
a year worth it
there's always next time hi CJ is
already six and a half months so he's
past his peak growth breastfed babies
failing done really quickly after six
months and I think I'm starting to see
it already believe it or not I'm going
to miss your little chubby cheeks I'm
watching harder universe works
I'd love these type of documentaries I
find so fascinating that I would gladly
watch documentaries over anything else
yeah mommy's up right nude happy
Mother's Day
is my first Mother's Day in Tim's and
Thailand it's okay cuz I got you guys
yeah this bumper yeah ah he's totally
trolling me today come on work with me
oh thanks chubby
let me scoop can I at least clean up
you're good can I clean it up at least I
have to time it but making cookie in a
month today because I feel a little
balloon so it's clean will always cheer
me up
I slice some bananas on top of it as
well you anymore Isaac I haven't really
been flogging while Timson gone cuz I've
just been so busy you guys see like the
sweat here yes I know it's hot right
getting hot Edie I would change my bra
cuz I've got sweaty boobs going on but
Isaac is taking a nap Tim gets back
today yay I'm so excited I've been in my
PJs for the past and dude I know this is
nothing like the polls in Thailand but
oh he enjoys it either way and I'm
getting soaked in little water baby
oh yeah yeah this is Rahmani long what's
here honey
Chevy 6a hey easy okay I was on a very
special empty bottom this one see I'm
always getting picked up by woman
jealous
but there's all his friends are getting
married you also saw all like what
happened like babies make that hey can
you walk Isaac Isaac is a Tim just
randomly said to me do you remember
Facebook used to put people and I was
like I never ever ever poked anyone
before
I always got poked but I never poked
anybody yeah that vote I mean I need to
get some today not really a get thing
but it's kind of like a like a pet peeve
I have and people use the word literally
in a non-literal way using literally or
literally literally literally literally
literally
I literally anyway so um forgot why I
was trying to stay yeah when people will
say I literally piss myself then you're
like you did or people say my heart
literally stopped beating it's like
really it's not literally it's
figuratively I'm Ted Mosby safe look at
this bull so messy it's only fun when I
get messy almost just like I say I just
give them a little bit of color and it's
all over its face oh my goodness I was
trying to say that Tim like this is not
music
there's no lyrics I'm just old-fashioned
guys yeah
Oh crip yes the music back then and then
I need my music is all about booty no
you cannot you cannot move through this
I think bran is so fried today so feels
good to go I and grab some food and of
course there's some grocery shopping on
Tim's like really into like techno stuff
but you guys know
I don't know why I think maybe it comes
with age but it gives me headache hey
you used to be the one who was into all
R&B girl stuff no I get hot I hate it
that I liked hip-hop actually daddy in a
Coon's hut in the world thanks to polka
good
