he looks like he's the one that's
inflated it's so hot has to like turn
his Grohe
into a t-shirt by flipping up the sleeve
and tying the legs into a little bow
your first vacation he's so excited so
sweet my friend Helen when she came here
it was of her husband for their
honeymoon
neither recordings at this time they
have little cutscene daddies and lemon
treated strapped in ready to go here
feeling lonely go out of doors it's
gonna be amazing
I'm excited guy come to why my punch
whoa oh wow gee perfect okay when you
throw in the shot of lemon it turns
purple getting a buggy two hours of Red
Bull or noses thank you
complimentary free stuff is always the
best don't know wipe every time you go
to like tropical places you want to have
for it more often but when you're in
like home is like he's finally asleep
just in time for food everywhere we go
we actually have people just commenting
just type some barbecue trillion dollars
after getting some rest
we're here 19 can engage public testers
old door handle with barely any and then
there's Isaac meeting my finger trying
to get him to bite so P but Google said
of my finger ready too far all of this
is we have 7:00 in the morning just
gonna grab some breakfast before a
conference call
when I'm working here like this every
morning yeah would setting back mark
Nino lead to my conference calling up my
spa meter I don't like this heart
strange you know he kind of pulls it off
just chilling my name is Isaac and I'm
here to make sure mommy and daddy don't
get the relaxed mess decided he's going
to stop playing zookeeper and he's
writing like a really lengthy message in
the forum just the thing everybody you
don't understand because you're not part
of the gang it has been an amazing time
and I've added some really awesome
friends good luck everyone and all your
future endeavors well out to this
Honey someone the way they go swimming
at his belly in let's go to side shot
this company 9 to 12 months helices
belly from on the scrapper thank you so
much Linda can we use form actually so
the float is not for Isaac is actually
for Lindy ok well you can't go let go go
prove it honey
prove it honey honey prove it yes I mean
we're not that lunch that I have they
want to eat healthy set order tea mwah
and yet all my chips like a good chunk
of your burger
so unfit love the water
Lee speedboat right
I'm not sure what's on TV really enough
you can remind me of you honey some
winds up from there nah I'm off to get a
facial today just kind of dry here so I
need some DIY DIY TLC one is those
backwards kind of feels like a roller
coaster guys my doodle bites got one of
my elbows you guys know one of my arms I
have two elbows there's no way on that
song I walked in aisle two
back this time I feel really bad because
there's lots of couples here on their
honeymoons we're here to ruin their
honeymoon someone's just up
get it
he looks like she's the one that's
inflated I'm just hanging out in this
tub watching E no judge yeah it's an
awful awful channel but I love it ha ha
3 going to the beach today the afternoon
it's not sunny which is a little bit
better
she honey he never shaved we just had
room service that burger was delicious
kind of mover in Thailand and we're
getting like amazing Thai food but
burger Highway Oh
yesterday we dined here and it was like
I'm sorry can you please try to control
your baby I'm I was i oh we're really
sorry and then I thought about I was
like do you not think we're controlling
we're trying to control our babies so
yeah that kind of like rude to evening a
little bit but we can totally understand
this place is not designed for children
ah ah so peaceful relax
so high as you're tripping so far she's
relaxing mmm we're not getting up too
much but that's okay do it or before ah
to be honest there's actually each step
is like
this better be working walking up here
Oh ice
okay so we're coming here this reminds
me of China time so it's our last night
here in Kosovo I think we're gonna be
signing here one two three four
I got it my feet as well as one of the
worst places here here here here
remembers more where else is it I mean I
got some of the ones at my arms are a
lot better okay I think he's really into
feet lately last bit before we leave oh
I need to give you guys a written port I
don't think I've done it yet we're
leaving today let's start off with
Whiteside so get for your line gin and
let you slap pop to Sunday just use a
private poll because it's just easier
with a baby
um there is the bed and then it's kind
of cool like this is the Wardrobe
as you can see bit stir stir kiss here
and then you just slide this big giant
store and its got like a like a comport
desk here for you ship them this
whenever it was more like tidy um sofa
and then there's a TV so from here it
looks like this and we gone over you can
pull this up to the guys - um
ooh this my favorite part in a bathroom
this tub is awesome it's ginormous
and then there's actually this sort of
outdoor shower here it's got a rain
shower and yeah you can totally see
through this once the one take the
shower
then there's an extra char here and then
there's the sink area this is for you to
put your makeup and foil it sure can
flushed some kind of you loose it for me
to look up which is not funny and then
you can just step out of here straight
into the water this is the mini-fridge
these are not complementary in context
you eat some and or some like alcohol
here that's it we're going to grab some
food while Isaac entertains himself with
this bottle of water seems to be doing a
trick so far
