yeah no honey maybe maybe later this
bananas Soho Botley pew it almost upsets
me so I was catching up with Big Bang
Theory this morning and I was laughing
because Sheldon gets aggravated from the
way he eats a banana and he was like who
eats a banana horizontally and she was
like my mom says it's the good girls
waiting to eat it you didn't I finally
eat a banana what if I feeling awkward
and public because I remember telling
you guys that there's no way to eat a
banana without a licking awkward no we
know how to eat it like this saw a video
to make a cookie in a mug yeah it's been
a butter in my mug so I just a
tablespoon of brown sugar and a
tablespoon of white sugar I'll shoot at
you I'll sue the peanut butter I can
type in laughs because yeah I don't want
to obey the ingredients so far it looks
like this smells pretty nice let's don't
know how it's gonna be you guys know
what happened when I tried to make the
brownie right three tablespoons of flour
mix again flaps move it and to picked up
I'm just gonna stick this in the
microwave this is actually not bad guys
I'm having a little ice cream nine right
guys find a video from this lovely lady
here she's called Gemma Stafford having
told me she's from Ireland
I hate these recipes because it makes it
so easy to make I mimic all harm
creamy packing for the challenge so I'm
not quite sure how it's a pack but I
figured packing more is better than
packing too little so like we're gonna
do a lot of shopping there anyway I'm
watching this cult fresh off the boat
I've been hearing some stuff about it
I'm quite intrigued by the stereotypes
ah the drifting it's kind of true it
kind of talks about this secret
competitiveness between you know your
palm leaves you need to only pick one
which one is it gonna be I just find
this like inside this little notebook
Timmy's little handmade birthday card it
says to my special cute smelly beautiful
bloody fool though being carrying clumsy
kind bow be open happy eighth year
anniversary I'm pretty birthday present
love you more than you can imagine eight
year anniversary that's how many years
ago three years ago I looked at all
these mighty face yes you got me a
computer
I feel like a spoilt little brat I was I
thought I was gonna get an engagement
ring
I just find an entry from September so
another long go this is actually
supposed to be a book that I wrote for
Isaac Isaac you're 3 weeks old today I
cannot believe how much you've gotten
bigger since the day I saw you at the
hospital I'm so glad you're growing well
these few weeks have been a roller
coaster you're certainly a handful you
always need to be fed however when I see
you smile it warms my heart right now I
you must be going through a growth spurt
but I feel like he was on a gross
percents today's on board and you
constantly demand to be I think I'm
morally company you constantly demand to
be fed seeing your little arms and legs
poach up lets me know how much higher
that it is back then mommy needed at
least eight horse to function lima we
can survive with half your mind it's so
crazy hi quick it took for mommy to get
used to this I'm watching you see right
now you're looking so cute I only hope I
stay healthy and happy cherishing each
day with you in Our Lives love mommy
and then next cage is empty I need to
write in this I need to write in this
more often
I got this party trick I used to be able
to do when I had my own little portable
team thanks Isaac he actually had a lot
of hair what happened
what's so different looking oh I
newborns can look so different compared
to how they are this is our first selfie
together I'll and tomorrow
should really get a bikini body ready I
don't have a six-pack MZ I fear it
no honey
maybe maybe later
just on the fresh piece I heard it
carried I know this thing it's almost as
if she knows we're gonna fly what
happens when you share us the case of
your husband half of the case is full -
into neat pieces
what does he proceeded to do throws of
clothes here we are terminal - it's
still really big really honey at this
early morning and FDR you still have
time to make this kind of joke about
what I'll sleep in it for Isaac he's
only had seven hours sleep like any
dress holiday bottom half upper huff
coat weather quite past security
when you have a baby like some of the
older workers are really nice to you
though so let's see I see
