so when I said that I was like oh this
is why I don't eat cornflakes nor make
for breakfast all that chewing makes my
mouth tired this morning I received a
pear pear cabbage cap really care
package Harrow package from skin Inc so
skinning thank you so much for this
you're so kind
it was sweet they know because I have a
baby I don't have as much time to take
care of my skin so serum is especially
custom for my skin which is really cool
because in a website you can take this
test and it's why I detailed tests I was
pretty impressed it was really fun so I
shall see how this works they also
included these two so we have two masks
one is a revival peel one is a hydrating
mask and here this looks interesting I
think is using light therapy at finding
it's always a happy day it's just two
dogs and I since I guys I got for a
little dinner with his family for a few
hours because I got somewhere to catch
up on few days ago I was in walks unless
you guys know and I was buying some
cheap masks and when I went it was just
no big deal
there's a girl at work there and I see
her quite often actually and I kind of
had a feeling she knew who I was but she
didn't like wanna say that was fine I
was nice to her and I thinked her for
serving me and then so afterwards when I
was finished at the mall I was walking
out and she and her friend came running
i'ts pretty sure they were talking about
me at least I need it in the way so I
would hear but what they say was you
will fight makeups she looks so
different from normal and then I run off
so when I said that but oh before get to
anything off they kind of just run off
down during laughing away but I really
wanted to say actually when I'm not
wearing makeup and when my hair
clicking scruffy that's the normal me
you know when I'm wearing makeup unsold
up that is not the normal me do those
who have met me in real life I'm pretty
sure most of the time I'm not really
wearing makeup enough fine you know I
know I'm not perfect then I don't never
be perfect and that's okay you know I
feel completely comfortable going out
with dark circles with a bad hair day
with bad skin day anything I just go at
it again scruffy because I'm comfortable
and I just don't feel the need to dress
myself represent myself in a way just so
I can follow you how other people think
of me actually yesterday that I received
an ask Bob's question and the question
was Bob's how do you deal with
negativity and my answer is you don't
you don't have to deal with it come here
and sit future bones
Oh
what to do hmm okay 23 Pines of six
months are you kidding me 23 Pines we a
critter of mummy I can't believe it
either but where does it all go in your
cheeks are so smooth like a dolphin I've
never felt a dolphin before though but
I'm sure it's really smooth they're so
fluffy and warm nice way to sweet job
before I go to bed
something tells me this is going to be
Timlin Isaac when they're older
such a fun afternoon today gates signing
and just getting so excited for this
year I have so many projects I want to
tell you guys apart beginning house like
all never going to be able to do much
anymore cuz you just find you ways to
assess and you know things will get
easier they just get better
how much money and how much I consider
and I'm just really excited to just
create something if there is change top'
what do you mean yeah I may have been
grumpy this morning
grumpy I may have screamed and anger
screams I may have cried I was so
sleep-deprived because I think like he
is not sleeping well all these few weeks
and I was just so exhausted
the thing about Hong Kong supermarkets
the Isles are so small there's barely
enough space to get past one person's
you know Charlie's are so small they
look like they're for kids it's like me
for my side always nice coming here I
used to live right here and it's really
convenient because if I were to just
come downstairs there's supermarket
there's mornings for me to get my beauty
products home time hope up this morning
I was like what's your oh my legs I mean
I realize it's a good pain from all the
quad work I tend to put a little bit
more work when it comes to the legs
because I wear shorts quite often in
Hong Kong cuz it gets out there is my
heavy look at him go
there is a lady there's a little behind
ya and we're saying today that I think
is really well-behaved and such a happy
baby I was just thinking he's probably
all cried out come on screaming stop
like my skin feels amazing lately I
don't know why but I think it's a serum
that I've been using it just feels I
don't know they can piss earlier I
forgot the way my house I wonder is that
serum I've only been using for two days
but like it's not like I've been doing
anything else or if I've changed my diet
or anything and that infrared machine at
the evening was a fried machine
technology Timmel like did you keep
batteries out of my aircon control I was
like oh no no get up
I needed new batteries for my toys I
should just go straight for the remote
controls I'll just take their batteries
almost as if she knows we're gonna fly
