 up I'm playing this game called
find the remote control where could it
be
by way not bought when loved one doesn't
work she really pulled away it's been
broken for like two years so good to get
some fresh air so my mom in law she
developed some fluids and she told me
that she had some extras that she didn't
use the key we have the food lie and I
was like like you happy then there's
this one remembers like is there any
smiley ones and then there's one here
yeah this is Annie my best friend and
Isaac go motor and you this was a
beautiful moment when they finally first
met feel bad saying this but obviously
he's so cute when he smiles and laughs
but he's also really cute when he cries
dyeing your hair no problem all you need
is a garbage bag and you just poke some
holes in it and your clothes are
protected this is why I hoard hauls guys
you can use it for when you dye your
hair I have to get a pair scissors and
cut the container so I can get the stuff
cuz it sucks the thing sucks donkey
balls
my knee good morning morning morning
morning hair is not completely dry it in
case you guys are curious the color is
just kind of like my old one but um just
warmer warmer and slightly lighter
so but guys yesterday I get like a dozen
of these these oatmeal cookies and I was
like I need to stop eating them and hi I
need myself stop eating them I asked the
entire so I meant you know I will really
stop eating them because you know the
packet was gone you were the king of
magadh a restaurant we started coughing
and then the lady next oh boy scared
everybody away if there's any cost
Tim one to eat here
what's the spoon of those hats look like
nipples I'm not hungry at all cuz I am
to fill from from the cookies Isaac this
is looking like
I'm going to stand when I eat no keep
walking get me bosses that I need mics
this thing was there granny ish you're
the one to tell me to fire to freedom
because they were cheap
he's happy when he theses are usually
all I gets this stupid teething biscuit
and you get this amazing but is
pitiful I took quite pitiful
you like a gorilla
that's such a small pole there's so much
impact just waiting for like to wake up
and then we are going to be taking him
to a doctor's visit we're gonna find out
how much he weighs at six months okay
mmm-hmm take away the ears she looks
like a little seal hey you look like a
little seal and then we hided just
randomly and spontaneously Tim tell me
that we're going to Thailand in less
than a week and then the month after I'm
taking my mom on my sister to Korea
ah-ha-ha-ha skip I skip big one right
it's like the worst holiday for guys
ever oh it's cause I flew the shopping
but not Lutz shopping oh you'll see
you'll see you'll be left Isaac for
three days and let's see oh you're gonna
come honey I've been nursing Isaac for
six months I'm like yeah not sure when
I'm gonna stop waiting while he gets a
job
oh so heartbroken I heard him cry Oh
sick here free little boo-boo he cried a
little bit I think Asia
okay anymore mama always only cries for
the first initial like 5-10 seconds and
any stop
interested by the wipes we got Ryan our
waiter just told us that Isaac's going
to be a millionaire when he grows up you
know when it was going on I kind of
didn't want to hear it because I was
like I don't run late but even like he's
very smart but he overthinks he may have
a temper but he won't show it he says if
Isaac doesn't end up being a businessman
when he grows up it's gonna be wasted
Tim can finally kiss him so he's like a
single oh I just asked forgot her eat
him just for fun and he said scare the
wife distinguish food
also says that Tim has really good
memory but he remembers when people do
him wrong yet he doesn't really act on
it scared of white
you'll say god
he has a ginger
Tim hot at work building the baby binder
although this is probably like super fun
time for trim because you guys know how
years of his instruction manuals he
spends a long time reading each and
every single word and when he's done he
reads all over again Tim was like you
can help me I'm like you we tried to eat
me sick
