so hard being hampered and this is
beauty Saturday Tim's going to get
involved you guys ever heard of with the
sexy look black hair treatment I told
you guys and it's awesome let's try it
on Tim a king of blackheads oh yeah this
flu mask I'm trying anymore the last
time you cleaned your nose hey nothing
you clean for me get your hand on my
book he drops us enough are we probably
need more sauce did I want to ask you
this this turns into an actual new strip
wall phase really gooey luminous other
strawberries we'll come back in 30
minutes then even a little inner lemon
lemon lemon lemon and a year no strip
matches my movie wait gross but I'm not
surprised you remembered I think this
used to be you well it wasn't actually
him but I'll see you pissed on this this
represented a see two double lines three
whole tests and when Tim cracked egg and
it says you're going to be a daddy so
something you guys actually asked for
was in the letter here dear daddy Inc I
would like to announce my impending long
stay in your residence although my
anticipated arrival is September 2014
my actual arrival may be online so
please get ready for my visit ahead of
time by preparing a comfy home with all
the amenities including bottles nappies
plush toys and blankets I look forward
to being delivered on expected date
please take extra special care of mummy
do whatever she says I'm never leave her
hungry when she's hungry I'm home
it's cozy and mummys tummy but please
keep calling and talking to me every day
I like hearing daddy's voice this is
really special to me oh it's not wrong I
completely tendon Matt I Drive properly
but let in Sophie's excuse me there's
still blackheads I into the chef oh yeah
you want to remove it foster feel your
know that that's gonna be so smooth
honey so hard bein perfect so happy I
made banana pancakes with strawberries
cuz it's been a while sometimes it
doesn't fill me enough so I sprinkle
some oatmeal in it and see the pancake
silic thicker and it fills you up longer
and it's also just as yummy you guys
have been egging us I have a new intro
since Isaac has been here and and all
that we've been putting it off it's just
we haven't really had the time to do it
today is a day after six months we're
finally doing it you guys remember I got
this cool secret sonicate from my best
friend honey so yeah I think it'll be
quite cool to use it for an intro
there's even like a few props here you
just go crying glasses bowtie more
glasses more glasses you guys get the
gist let's do this have to bend your
knees a little bit more a little bit
more whoa
say oh I feel something up I elevators
just creeped me out made really for some
reason think it's a fear cuz it always
shakes you're scared is gonna fall spine
a dollar in my pocket I love it when
that happens
a pop and she all if it's a potato my
granny died I thought it was mind oh oh
look what he's listening to you
Disney piano soaring track uni wanna
listen to you because I was listening to
yesterday thinking your room looks
different it's not as messy so sorry yes
what about here
it's working in progress I think it's
called an organized mess me this little
process I know yeah looks like we have a
new intro um it's a kind of sad
I miss you old one thing it says we've
been using it for so long but I guess
change is good
maybe after a little while we'll take
knit a new one
it's go lucky this morning thummell came
over and sat on my lap and just looked
at me of the most loving eyes ever and
then like after a few minutes he just
walked away and then I looked and there
was like poop in my lap so I was like
what does it mean I love you mommy and
that's why I decided to leave you a
piece of myself okay all right my granny
just asked us to get her 10 kilograms of
lob cheong which is a type of sausage
did she like make sure you bargain
go ahead test goes and go I'm going to
buy 10 kilos of version chicken cut up
these kiss look at this club hey boy
we vibe ulis I just got on the
car to move like wealthy when you go on
the car it's Frank listen you're heavy
listen it's cool when you sign it look
well nothing I did buy you the soup I
need some call spend yourself in sepsis
you need to man up and shut up you want
to learn to drive I know how to drive
you got a choice safely oh I call it a
night nice way to switch up by reading
your letter
Oh - you're watching thank you so much
for your notebook c3y he looks so cute
and in every other page she wrote
something inspirational so does he get
up cannot gain victory lumen ho I didn't
even know that
kill them of success and bur them with a
smile from do you dragon there is no
shortcut in life every day is a second
chance I love this he comes a love not
by finding the perfect person but by
seeing a perfect person
perfectly all I like this one family we
may not hide it all together but
together we have it all it's a far as
pain ah - you're too kind
seriously
