mommy scared this is three six months I
don't have to like stretch my friend
Henry says she has knees Bernie I
honestly think that baby's like the
cutest when there weren't dungarees he's
just wearing one of my favorite color
combinations faded pink with green tea
like Eric sit Alexa play I of the tiger
we do this every morning
really enjoyed this sort of calligraphy
exercise today I know it's definitely
not perfect but I had a lot of fun doing
it I decided to do this one off a heist
I'm just reminding me that family is
always worth it
quiet dicta because I just did another
one of Isaac and since he's born near
the horse
I didn't line up a rocking horse I only
sorry get interested in
I guess modern and calligraphy a couple
days ago and I'm definitely not the best
at it but you know you don't have to be
the best at something to enjoy it it's
why it makes you feel mother-in-law I
think a wage at libraries so I can get
some I guess
me time Isaac has been a bit more of a
handful lately makes me because Tim's
been away and you know I only have one
set of hands I can only focus on one
child at a time anyways she's up so let
me go grab her I just took Ella to meet
my friend cousin we had dim sum with our
babies afterwards we took a nice long
lengthy walk home after practice a
little bit of calligraphy lesser she's
actually teething the top on bottom too
so she constantly keeps putting her her
finger in her mind has really made the
evening Annie and ray-ray penises very
smelling of issac a draw-off it's
currently happening we're gonna see
who's gonna draw the best telly tubby
let's see what else actual thank you we
were coffee
what do you mean it's a thing yeah which
one's the nicest one are you sure
Lala's actually is very rude but the
thought tell you hi hosted a quick clip
of me giving Ava a facial I guess turday
a lot of the comments are asking
basically what I use on a less skin
because her skin looks really smooth
which makes me so jealous because it's
so tidy and firm but at the same time
it's actually very soft and what I use
on her is a cutie baby moisturizing
cream you need a phenol on her and it
was fine I was giving a sample of this
when I temperature doctors and it just
made her skin so smooth so I got a giant
giant tub which will last her for a
while she loves it as well when I apply
it on her face and it is getting quite
cold I'd say lately if the weather
changes and since the radiator is on
more often it can really dry your skin
oh don't mind a bit baby that was
actually a gift from a bub scriber
I guess it's for boys so there's a
tuxedo but I don't care because it's
just so handy that I can just put on
like a t-shirt and just take off just
showing you guys some of the stuff I've
been doing this is one of my very first
early ones a little bully and here is
another one that I did a few days ago
this is quite a bad one but I always
love the cool you guys have seen the
heist one be willing to learn and try
here's what I did recently of a tiger
coz Tim's born here to Tiger for Tim and
then you guys have seen their rocking
horse you guys have seen the funny
perfectly imperfect allow yourself to be
a beginner which is so true the rate of
my lettering is there's no like baking
where I need to have all these tools and
it doesn't take up like a solid hour or
so I can do it anywhere
in the kitchen and the living room and
the bedroom all I need is a piece of
paper and a pen and you know even ten
minutes a day to me it's just kind of
like coloring just wonderful therapy I
got this outline of a chick and as you
can see or idea we'll just kind of
traced it I know I'm just gonna fill in
the inner spaces and do a lettering
below a sort of collage for Ayla i
penciled in some words that I guess
remind me of a little X little precious
sweet princess Mitchell and milk I'm
still very new to this calligraphy thing
I like to do it in pencil first so that
when I make a mistake I can just rub it
all right I'm I'm really happy that I
can just go over it
by my lettering chick silhoue collage is
that I did a watercolor wash of this
last night so I'm going to just pencil
in some detail and then probably do a
nice coat here I had a chance to finally
finish the piece that I did earlier so I
did the water color splashes and then I
added the detail in color and pencil and
a little bit of the pen bloom where
you're planted
she managed to do this quick doodle and
feelin's asleep watching this video from
Amanda Rachel II and in loved heisted
october's I did one of autumn and I'm
just sort of doing a little out of me or
whatever you call this I got what you
call it it's gonna really bug me brief
when I try and smudge this sight
that's so much fun during the autumn one
that I thought I'll just go right and
treat them the winter one so this one
I'm just doing a Christmas style wreath
i enjoying these an order color actually
usually more of a colored pencil kind of
girl as you really be sleeping but you
ever get times where you just rather get
less sleep I know it sounds crazy right
but so the inspiration I'm using is from
this picture what I keep it in your
pocket so I'm here doctors and I have to
pick joining me I don't know how long
I'll be waiting for a tall drawing pad
with me quite nervous guys are you
joining mommy mommy scared
I was so nervous about getting a smear
test and I don't know why because it was
nothing I should expect this because
after two kids this should be a walk in
a park I couldn't sleep last night
because I was worried about it afternoon
guys the kids are not being so I'm gonna
finish this off my water Pence
finally came in quite excited I've never
tried using these before and I believe I
just squeeze it so the water goes into
the brush squeeze well this is very very
very handy spring coming soon so I can
do the spring one as well Ryan but you
guys have joined me on this I guess our
D journey if you guys do decide to
recreate any of these pieces please tag
me in Instagram I would love to see you
work
