hello everybody its pops welcome to
another episode of ask clubs so ash you
guys can send in your questions on
Twitter so let's get answering first
question do you button uh shirt from top
to bottom or from bottom to top I think
most people would button from the top
right what are you putting from Tim well
second button from the top actually okay
next question have Isaac accidentally
peed on um yes yes Isaac has
accidentally peed on us many many times
and usually with a smile what's your
best advice for going through high
school I know like high school times can
be quite a lot to take everybody he's
still on a journey of trying to discover
themselves what kept me going throughout
high school was just remind myself what
I'm in high school to do I mean it's
great to have friends all up and and at
age eight you know what you're in high
school to do because I had that goal
right there it really helped to keep me
motivated and prevent me from being
distracted you're not in school to be
popular you're not in school to mess
around you're in school to do well at
the end of the day why did you move to
Hong Kong and what is stopping you from
going back to the UK knives well we
first moved to Hong Kong because our
manufacturer was based in Hong Kong so
back end really okay let's go back for
two years Max and in like before we need
like six years passed by but we are
thinking of moving back definitely and
within two years if we're really lucky
by the end of this year but we shall see
you don't know how I think so go yet
favorite thing to do when you get a long
time to be really honest just spending
time with the dog so that there's
anything that I feel really guilty about
is the fact that I just don't spend as
much time with them as I used to because
Isaac just takes up so much of our time
I think the dogs they really do
understand hopefully so any spare time I
have I just like to play with them
what's your favorite part of being a mom
there are a lot of things I love about
being a mom just having privilege or
watching as I grow up but um what I also
really love is I'm some
so much more when you become a mom
there's this big library of information
I find it so fascinating
I just really love to learn new things
and Maya I'm a mom I have more things on
their net so awesome why are you always
so happy and comedic in all the flogs
especially with your hectic schedule as
a new mommy I think the first thing to
remember is flogs there they are just
like a highlights a little glimpse into
someone's life
so you have to remember in our blog
videos it's seven minutes split across a
few days of 30 just be honest I've
always thought you know our life is
you're not that interesting anyway is
pretty mundane these are just glimpses
so obviously there's gonna be days when
you know I feel extra crappy and I don't
feel like plugging well I assure you to
speak to Isaac the Moose or is a mixture
I think it is the mixture I feel like
yeah I feel like yes that me a mixture
but I think we speak Cantonese to him
more often because he's gonna grow up in
the UK so you know who's gonna pick up
English really easily please repeat five
times following tongue twisters yes a
red lorry yellow lorry red lorry yellow
lorry red lorry yellow lorry alone okay
I get it six six stuck shut
are you trying to say okay so yeah six
picks just section six six just stuck
ship this stuck that's all I heard are
you gonna watch 50 shades of grey I'm
not really fussed about watching it I'm
sorry if this offends anybody but I was
not a fan of the book so I'm not too
fussed about watching it in movies
that's your most awkward moment while
meeting a fan and it would have to be
when I was in LA Airport and I was
rushing back and I was too busy just
shopping and looking around that I
almost missed my flight so I was running
I'm running I'm running and while I was
running they were a group of girls and
they're like oh my gosh is bumps but I
can you know I couldn't stop cause it's
in a hurry so I was like I'm sorry
mrs. Ram Postum and there's just like if
you could have dinner with any three
people excluding your family who would
you choose okay
I don't Lee min-ho Taeyang and my
granddad it blames him in three words
goofy generous but lazy what if I said
you get someone who is starting their
first year at uni this year so exciting
that word production just similar to the
advice I give for high school just
remember what we were to do and stay
focused don't be scared to make friends
don't be scared to join a different
clubs I'm so sorry guys I have to cut
this ask bubs episode short cuts up the
feed Isaac but thank you so much for
your question and I shall see
