haha very funny mummy really what are
you bored would you like your own
private show from mommy I live in the
city
girl sick Alleluia I was saying on
Facebook yesterday that lazy-eye just
been feeling so uninspired and I
realized it's not because I've been busy
or too busy for makeup it's just because
these days I just don't wear makeup that
often and especially because my skin
hasn't been too great so the last thing
I want to do is to just stand try to
conceal it up by you know putting more
on it so denying my skin recovering what
but yesterday I just woke up with this
urge to just experiment apply of makeup
so I've been having fun and hopefully
I'll be doing some looks because you
know I love vlogging and the you know
flogging is so fun super easy in
comparison to beauty videos so in the
vlogging works like great because you
know we have a baby to look after it's
just I feel like it's not fair because
we write the beauty channel there would
be no flaws you know and even though
like I said walking easy and everything
I love the beauty channel as well
because I feel like it's like a little
baby dies Delta from scratch so it's
time to stop letting the channel get
rusty and you know Mama's gotta start
working my doggies are so cute anyways
those who did celebrate another year I
hope you guys had an awesome celebration
these are all of Isaac's read pockets
see I haven't opened it yet and
obviously in Hong Kong
everybody goes on crack when it comes to
Chinese New Year but I've always felt a
little awkward um during this time I
think kids are supposed to lo Chinese
New Year because you get older bread
pockets but I don't know it's always
been a little awkward for me because
used to like wish them things and
usually what happens is I just start
panicking and like I would have like a
brain fart and nothing comes by and
sometimes I feels it you know you're
just trying to get money you know when
you wish to something in translation it
really is give me your money would you
like a red pocket
great please go back to sleep so I can't
be do smile at me you cute little baby
mom will go crazy on your daddy
it may be gonna hypnotize you
when I click my fingers you'll fall
asleep maybe there's like a special
button don't go to bed oh hey he's gonna
fall please
I'm water work he has been crying right
unless at the camera on right I'm gonna
pretend the camera's gone okay let's
just should we just stay up see maybe if
I had to come on you'll never ever take
my office
it looks like a pizza but it's an omelet
which is opened all of his red pockets
look I think this is all yours Monday
wha yeah I don't know who that but one
of our friends brought one of these up
as a snack like I've always been really
curious how to eat this let me smell too
good smells kinda fishy is it I don't
think it's pork this it looks kind of
you know it doesn't taste bad but it
doesn't taste that great I could Tim not
sick often that when he gets sick he
goes down I think that's why I call them
on blue so it's been a very very busy
day got to film two videos do a bunch of
ice work and I guess what the CD is also
a productive day before the congee will
make me feel better
so cute little baby fares man flu man
food then food
ha ha very funny mummy surprise really
hi Tim is really unwell per thing look
at your thunder thighs your legs are
like mummies my hair is so greasy as
well but Tim come look after Isaac so I
can get properly clean myself I finally
got a chance to wash my heroin
Isaac was taking a nap little rhino
itemsets doctors and I feel really bad
because we're two pests
I don't even know how long like you know
I've always taken care of him when he
was sick but this year because of Isaac
things are just different and you know
another priority is to make sure Isaac
doesn't get sick and it breaks my heart
a team had to go to doctors by himself
and we wish I'm sitting right next to
him in the clinic and I feel like it
really should be but because Isaac can't
get sick I can't get sick so and all of
course have to look after Isaac at home
so they cheer myself up I asked you guys
to tell me your favorite joke so let's
see what you guys have have you ever
heard of the movie constipation no
because it's not out yet that's a good
one
why did the banana go to the hospital
because I wasn't peeling very well how
many tickles does it take to make an
octopus laugh tentacles tentacles what
do you call a small kebab a kebab a why
do gorillas have big nostrils because
they have big fingers
why do mommy where seashells because
they can fit in 2d shells Simba was
walking too slow so I told him to fossa
I like this one I once met a lady with
12 boobs sound weird dolphin
kit I would tell you a good one but it's
a little cheesy
