like a bull swag chicks morning guys
this morning I made chicken congee oh
sure
Tim says he's gonna do a better job than
me me a song I'll show you - I'll pick
it then Todd doesn't it llamas ever say
uh prior to the UH no I didn't know
so did I no hm uh hi my name is ever
salt see what's on this up yes I'm hot
please stop daddy stop it's begging for
food this place it's called young gate
presentation-wise maybe it doesn't look
very good but food is awesome here
oh you're so annoying when you're not
fed why'd I have to see every single day
of my life
you're like the most annoying person on
earth I don't know why by hand in your
eyes and dry
he's only like a thousand meters away
honey
yeah please look at the kitchen and just
keeping c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon
c'mon c'mon and I'll be a lot after go
Pat come on come on the seat told ya so
good we can be first
oh sweet potatoes that is good justice
for evil well
what is right what is labor each so
named secret is limited for a little
while
those nice crunchy Augustine
free ice cream ice cream top it has such
a big appetite earlier we were shooed
out of the place because um this Hong
Kong lady came in with her baby
well her husband hearts became another
baby and her husband goes honey that's
just wait outside like everyone else and
then she was just like no this town
right here in the middle watched him eat
either we're talking Doughboy us Oh like
okay let's go
it's like most can you those hate you
couldn't stick with somebody fell from
RTS Tigers are busting eyes so things a
wife have to do they look at him to
brush have I don't change it for him he
will just keep using this no he has a
brand new fresh one to use little things
a he's always looking at chubby hmm
if you're just the same spent this
morning going in red pockets happy lunar
year guys
jock Tigers and hiking home focusing my
few years some sense teasing she or
Morris sent this in a few days ago and I
have been testing it and I am very very
impressed from experience they're very
very long-lasting it's like a lip tint
but you know how Lipton's can really dry
your lips these are super super
hydrating so so far I am so so impressed
Asian baby with a ritual to bring the
dogs see granny Bob's and daddy in
Chinese de year so this year with Isaac
it's no difference they come to you
we're here in shot hello hi Daddy
yep huh my dad's always picking on
chubby one fit every trained family must
eat during the celebration is MPO nice
be a nice to wake up to seat this one's
my my little small one cook I can't eat
dried herbs like a bowl thank you to my
empties and uncles for chess in me I
like stylish today I think I'm gonna
have so much fun dressing him when he's
older because it is Chinese New Year
you're supposed to wear a piece of red
clothing tim has a red sweater I have a
Red Hat
Uli's oh and I'm wearing red undies swag
check ten twelve are just one because
are you analyzing she's so happy
I like to just let myself be social that
must be an introvert they enjoy a nice
cup of Chinese these are all of Isaac's
bread
it's a popular pockets pockets pockets
dip of work you don't even know what
Chinese New Year or money is honey have
all these red pockets
I think it's puppets let's see what
inspiration Joe has for us everything
you've ever wanted is on the other side
of fear Wow demining little one he's
actually finally showing interest to
Sophie
if toys had her Sophie would say pass
Kumu oh my bitter feet will remind you
my fig did you just turn off the TV I
think she wants a piece ok can you
demonstrate this toy will ok oh that's
so cool I'm gonna have fun with this
yeah I were to go my time hop up one
year ago we announced our pregnancy and
the year before that remember when I was
obsessed with I don't even know you know
and then the year before when thumb was
a puppy yes chubby that cup is just for
you
