I saw this recipe online my friend
Aubrey posted and it is called quiche
and a cup so let's try today inside I
have one teaspoon of no sage cake I just
toss it in the microwave for about 10
seconds now I could crack in an egg
teaspoon and a half of milk season with
a pinch of salt and a pinch of pepper so
I just add in it ingredients that I like
tomato so just got a paramedicine
tomatoes cheese because quiche we're
nuts and I can mix it so far like this
oh I have some chives in there my red
wrong I only put in like a spoon and a
half of milk it's actually a tablespoon
and a half some bread for the face
supposedly just tear it up and throw it
into it covers up the top completely use
your finger and give it a poke make sure
it's soaked tight I'm not sure how it's
gonna taste guys squishy
all right so now let's pop this Annie
microwave for let's say three and a half
minutes then this is the moment so the
taste good or not we Shou well find out
you know stick it in nice and just kind
of stop the edges to make sure it's
completely untouched
you're quite upside down and pop and
then give it a tap and wanna check that
out
smells delicious as well is throwing in
a little bit of dressing to make it look
pretty
mmm not bad at all for something that
you whip up in like a few minutes mmm
mmm delicious started to prepare a baby
food for Isaac so this is apple puree
dude oh geez you know what it's time for
we'll start with you I love brushing
your hair he doesn't feel the same way
we'll go walkies after this there's no
use trying to attack it okay
hiding his applause all right okay all
right all right hey
Chevy show don't know why it's done okay
yeah I'm fabulous
meet me fabulous not bad at all hit this
little onesie is little shoes well I
think you everybody loves comfo fighting
everybody loves to come for fighting
everybody's in like big coats and stuff
and here's me and like sure it's a not
wear a coat they must think I'm crazy I
think just used to the Northern Irish
weather I'm getting over my friends it's
gonna be your birthday
urban celebrated early but usually I
celebrate her birthday with her every
year but this year and kicked her the
boyfriend but it's okay I'm sure she's
going to have an awesome birthday and
I'm happy I get to celebrate it with her
today I'm in Pandora and I'm gonna get
her this is to get I'm going to get this
word this is our birthstone cuz I missed
and I think it looks really nice stacked
on my early fall times gift to myself I
love it I love their suckering that's so
cute and even wear it separately as well
I'm here with gal Paul and she's leading
me directions
on all of your feeling is every time she
wakes me somewhere we get lost and I'm
not good at her
it's never good combination of us -
we're here this is a place that's my
friend wanted to take me it's called
feel height and looks cute already oh my
goodness don't you here
what is a difference between macaroon
macaron you guys need to tell me later
so cute you can open a present I don't
know which is gonna like it though
I'm sure well oh my gosh don't you watch
yeah do you know em well that's actually
supposed to be your burps yeah I think
it is yeah yeah yeah I cashed looks
pretty cool on its back a little bit
glad I wonder you know purple that's how
I know I was like Boop
Oh like something around it like looking
at your ring the box and I was like oh
well and I wonder what it's just so
simple so here we have calamari my
favorite is russian super me course we
have salmon and rib eye steak hobble
over my favorite result Oh delicious had
a nice time chillin with my girlfriend
back home with my family
hey daddy smells good the size of that
ball road this apartment market for one
smart house was he said I was saying him
did you miss me today I miss you guys
and he was like oh man I put too much
ginger in my in my vegetables and I was
like right
