nobody want to yeah no you're
asking me oh it came like five
minutes ago
I don't know house dice please look this
game is called Catan and apparently it's
it's the shizzle
it doesn't sign very interesting good
cuz according to my friend just trade
goats and stuff Wow supposedly it is a
really good board game you know board
game is good if it can ruin friendships
what makes a good word game when there's
lots of backstabbing apple puree let's
see if he'll like this Lily he's not so
fast by feeding whether it's milk or
solid he's finally fou look he finished
it really likes Apple here mommy even
when I must spring how is that possible
look at your double chin family's for
breakfast
Harry Naboo oh he's trying so hard to
crawl toys are over there maybe
yesterday we meet the chicken and rice
recipe from Laura Vitale and it was
really yummy so I'm gonna make it again
today
Jim has been cooking an awful lot lately
and while it is nice I enjoy cooking so
um a sense
Isaac is mine on a nothing schedule and
he seems to really like it it's been
nice for me because I could seduce some
of my own stuff in my own time
oh it hurts my apologies
it would you both standing quietly why
would you wanna cry which rather my
goss's are like focus ooh close her eyes
wonder no no no you're asking me no
should it came like five minutes ago
I don't know hops dice please what's
your secret to cutting onions without
crying yeah mom it's the only sometimes
I cry my skin is not really guys it's so
like very beautiful I don't know if it's
just me but even putting the garlic is
making my eyes go weird and then Tim
tell me you convinced wanna consider
this look this is min school he's still
mincing it and it's exactly just a
peanuts I'm a bit all over these tickets
refresh it's very good honey to make the
oatmeal for you this is what it looks
like four five hello
q Murr he like chick me a good-looking
guy huh
little good although I will cease long
grain rice but I just used normal rice
that I have I haven't used this little
baby for a while I decided I kind of
live like this anymore and not take care
of my skin for starters I forbid him
from getting me fried chicken anymore
secondly I'm going to start taking care
of my skin and I'm just going to leave
this on the table to make sure I use
this at least twice a week got myself a
strawberry strap strawberry strawberry
strawberry smoothie sometimes I feel
like it's almost not worth buying
strawberries because it goes off so
quick so it's just easier for me to
blend I'll just drink it all on one go
yesterday's Timna thought he was being
really smart and i thought he was to the
chicken you put it inside the rice
cooker thinking okay it's going to keep
it warm so tomorrow we eat it it's gonna
be warm it's turned into congee do you
see doable like even he's like no look
Mahmood so then they find a way to
bottle feed six Sileo how long have you
been trying to do this with him he's
been trying to ball them for five would
everybody's been saying that it's an
idiot lender daddy to turnfight
everybody's different
yeah because on each of the fact that he
gets distracted words what are you
making our child watch learn hassle my
granny likes listening to the typical at
home in Multan like hell made it means
no money to make fried noodles this is
the time pop-up so looking through this
this is what it look like
four years ago today and then this is
what looked like six years ago what a
big difference actually usual waiting
for ten because he's always enough fun
to get ready two of our friends are
gonna be leaving Hong Kong to move back
to UK so we're gonna have a goodbye
dinner as much as I'm going to miss them
a lot
I'm gonna jealous that they're moving
back to the UK so weird because when we
moved to Hong Kong we're like oh we're
probably going to be there for a year or
two five years later we're still here
hello Tim and I we have been talking
about planning to move back to the UK
because um your home has been great and
we love it but it's just you know the
apartments is like space wise it's just
not big enough and you know I think if
we were to you know bring up Isaac it's
best to bring him back to the UK so he's
close to this family I'm definitely
going to miss as a partner up but I also
really look forward to just building our
dream home an actual house where there's
space a nice garden for him to play you
guys get to see what it's like in the UK
Isaac is just watching TV actually
thought this is a dog here earlier
oh yeah monkey and butter branch I can't
leave
are you laughing at my singing oh I
can't
