I'm a little teapot is my hand is my row
your boat gently down the stream I love
little Chitti Winky and you guys noticed
that he's starting to grow some hair
some hair not a lot but we're getting
there this is precious commodity cheeky
monkey your te monkey
he really hates tummy time so we have
this little light up toy right here as
you can tell I can't even tell you don't
even feel tired do you see it rejects
little lights so I have a lot of fun
with it anything is a Domo is really
scared of it so we under your covers
right now somewhere double where are you
where is he
say see his little tail could you
possibly be scared of this Domo he is
scared of everything
ketchup amazing it's easy to roll over
you just do this look at them lying
together hippy because nobody ever gets
sick of watching Shaolin Soccer oh oh
did you hear that boom crack on getting
rusty it's inspiration jar time but the
person who says it cannot be done should
not interrupt the person who is doing it
word word no no oh you're reading the
voice I'm your favorite really acting
occupied and you know today I was just
wondering I know how do how do people do
it you know some of you two families you
know what babies and they still have
time to like vlog every day and also
upload on our main channel I'm like wow
it must be like super parents I'm sure a
lot of you guys already noticed but I'm
just not as active on my beauty channel
anymore as far as it makes me feel I
just don't have the time for anyone I
don't know how people do it but you know
I try to still have a video like once a
week
I think I miss just a little bit
trickier ism obviously we don't get help
from
our parents which is absolutely fine
Daniel grow so fast just makes me
realize that you might want to sacrifice
any of this growing up time just for
work and I feel really grateful I feel
like I shouldn't even be moaning about
it because you know I kind of get the
best of both worlds I get to see what I
love and also to care me haha when I was
sorting us on the flop videos I realized
that like these days it just seems as if
all we ever do or things we ever talk
about it's just
Isak relay to end like I'm sorry guys
it's like you know it's been like -
Isaac our lives just revolve for Ryan
Andy stays pretty much so I'm not
surprised
you know if the vlogs are like so baby
absorb so hope you guys don't mind why
does her expression look so derp
sometimes she thinks she's like a little
person Timmy's always been meaning to
try this place I just knew fried chicken
place and it's called hot star I think
it's inspired by you know the the kdrama
you who came from another star you know
they always have like of the fried
chicken and beer well Tim once fried
chicken with coke hmm I felt like
something tomatoey today oh that's
really nice honey nothing will seem
greedy and healthy yeah look at these
two how doing they are no space for two
of us there's always enough space
seiga making offers 150 that always no
anyway this is what we look like if we
get older this is what old Tim will look
like you know Dana right yeah I thought
less wrinkly you to put your combo are
you saying this is what I look like so
that's similar I was telling him the
other day I was reading a comment on
someone said Isaac's just like you and
Tim he doesn't age and I think he's fine
people also say he looks like a little
old man as well so this guy he's seeing
TV he's quite a famous like I guess like
a thing short feng shui master sri
according to this guy he was like a
married couple on their bowls they
should have no cracks because it means
you'll get cracks and do we have any
cracks
lots of crack alright Destin I should go
master can you eat like this
well actually obviously we don't believe
it okay but party if you're a mono bride
it means you're stinky if you got long
ears
it means you'll have a long life well
then I'm gonna take a nice bubble bath
hi Dom oh are you joining me
pop is extra fun tonight because I got
like these little guys keep this right
up nanomask hopefully my dark circles
will go from here to here here to here
if i cute live in the bathtub i would
bat this shortened forget it moment so
he's here
