hahaha but mm-hmm come to mama
today we have friends coming over and
for a change Tim is actually going to be
cooking dinner you guys get to relax ish
today we have a homemade three-course
meal so after soup we're gonna be having
Tim bake
yeah and then dessert you think we're
going to be the type that goes to each
other's homes and we bring like a bottle
of wine does Tim pasta yeah they're late
they're gonna go home be like good
morning everybody just going to make
some sweet potatoes have you guys
actually heard the saying it's from my
Cantonese movie it's getting fun so
we'll see sec fives you come girl up
they won you do until Akita we fall on
pega so beautiful
doggies it's your lucky day because I
did get sweet potato you guys get it to
you because you know what mommy's not
biased so if there's fish here you can
see yummy and healthy Tim is trying to
get a refund back for me
a lot of girls on Facebook and there was
this company called dreadfully that was
on my facebook and I thought okay since
I don't have time to shop these days as
I'll be paid for me to check out our
online and then the clothes it pretty
cute and I know like when it comes like
shopping with Asian website it's like a
hit or miss that I didn't think it would
be that bad I think I took like two and
a half months for me to get my order and
also when you got two pieces out of
eight and not to mention the pieces were
atrocious like the clothes like nothing
like the pictures on a website and what
they most likely do is they kind of like
copy existing clothing and that makes
really poor quality replicas so I tried
it like you know messaging them so many
times and they were trying to dodge it
and like they've actually ended up just
ignoring all together it'll usually I
don't do this but I actually posted on
my Bubbe's Beauty like
basically is just to warn people against
this website called dress Lily do not
shop from them guys it's like a total
scam website in fact if you were to go
to their Facebook page true absolutely
everybody commenting on the Facebook
page is warning people not to shop from
them see if I were to just click on the
comments like we once you report this
page for scamming some re see my order
never again this is terrible
this person's order two months ago still
not received it someone got a ripped a
garment just awful
don't start at best this party hell is
like your monkeys leave your toys
everywhere and I realize oh my goodness
I'm becoming more and more like my mole
yeah how do you know when you have a
child a doggie on another child
yes I'm another child your apartment
just has toys everywhere I am coming
morning my mother I am constantly like
cleaning want to get the chance I'm
always in my PJs I think it's fine my
mom is also will visit true or not but
irony you know like um Chinese
traditions a lot of people have
preferred dinner a party this is a bad
thing and you should always have fruit
on an empty stomach I'm so laughing um
this is the face of AIESEC pills on a
first try cards so I asked you guys a
caption up this is what we have cooking
my mother who farted I came out of your
watts huh when you're not doing anything
for fun bastard I think the dogs enjoy
the piano music
Jim watch this dog trainer called Justin
silver give an egg to a dog because
Aparna is full of protein and II thought
I'd look so cool I hear what did you
give the dogs an egg roll away is it oh
my goodness we have to give them an egg
you boys all have to go somewhere safe
to eat this Nora watch this one yo me
llamo still sometimes we leave in
retreat and we'll be high for today
would come back and we find that he's
still like walking around it and
guarding it this looks like a Hong Kong
version of you know the Tonight Show and
actually called see you tonight it's
even got the backdrop like that good in
front home congee today promise pieces
velocity a long time because I got so
sick of eating it when I was pregnant
mm-hmm it's cute checkered my leman who
postcard Thank You jasmine
you know me really well check this out
hubba-hubba mm-hmm come to mama
ah you can't do not to Lehman Hoopa now
I can see every morning today I am king
of a friend of mine hadn't seen her like
to be eight years
Inessa if you're watching thank you for
your gifts these are so handy this is a
lullaby
so it actually creates vibrations so
baby to sleep so this will be really
happy we put this under his mattress and
here is a thumper buddy soothing sound
and light show I'm really excited about
this because I get to go to sleep with
this as well then
a booty call is like cream shirt frilly
Festa underneath just shorts and boots
all really like bright bag morning in
basically all the Super Bowl I'm
thinking like a Vuitton American ideal
watch the world of our chumpy
we're getting my mind ellipse by getting
well this is panel I'm Uncle Simon low
microcycle but it's got like pomelo and
ice cream in it I'm practicing my
English accent with these nursery right
it's bitsy spider crawled up the
waterspout down came the rain and washed
the spider out out came the Sun and
dried up all the rain and the itsy bitsy
spider King went up and salt again every
way that may we went maybe went Mary
went everywhere that Mary went the lamb
was sure to go
