are you ready for your first bowl key to
every country for the next ten baby
we're gonna fun aren't we
a let's first pumpkin you don't want to
make a pumpkin off your bumbum no I'm
really sure
ready make it good
swish it around okay we're going to put
it right and I'm going to open that open
your fingers ready
spent afternoon clearing out the house
cleaning all the engine laundry my
mother-in-law has taken Isaac to lunch
so I could take a lift to the doctors to
do her foxy baby shots are you ready
this is good cheese foam in the moat
here at the clinic are you gonna be a
brave girl
hello was so good when they injected her
she she didn't even cry she did the sort
of like an angry like mutter back home I
just walk the dogs and I time to make
some dinner
my massage pillow
oh yes the massage pillow this little
guy scared of the Halloween fireworks
tomorrow
tell me time buckles off the deck here
today so is it miss bad little head yes
look at me that's a little higher mo air
does it come has been out for a while
but it's called episodes and it's stars
matt LeBlanc and I'm actually quite
enjoying it specially Oh kids it's just
easier to watch the sitcom's cuz it's
kind of like a light watch Hospital had
my physio therapy session basically is
for my abdominal muscle separation the
good news is it's not like really really
really really bad because I carry it so
big each time and this time even bigger
my abdominal muscles really really
separated so what I'm left with is worth
a protruding belly but it doesn't bother
me so much it's more of the pain that
comes with it because I have really bad
pelvic and back pain I getting the zeal
for that and hopefully it will help
things I let's go home
today we're going to try to cast again
at this time with the hands on hopefully
this time it works are better we just
made the mold for her to hand fingers
crossed it's gonna go well so he didn't
ask for us to go but we're going to be
opening this mold I think look number
seven let's see if the hand work today
Wow pretty cool right Fanny bubs is
making her famous beans and our famous
potatoes mmm you're at mommy Bob's house
let's see what Ricky's doing
why did I go doodad well that was weird
I went to scare him and literally he
ended up scaring me we run opposite
directions
I ran out of his room he run into the
bathroom wait hold on if you were naked
going to the bathroom were you naked in
this bed I'll sit on a chair Suman end I
like that your camera has eyebrows
tidying his room guest I would help but
I don't want to touch anything
what's in my brother's room i round them
oh did you find a smooth as grinders
rock there yeah you know like sometimes
I throw it up I like one much more we
have a book the 4-hour week escape the
nine-to-five live anywhere and joined a
new rich we have a candle on a gin
bottle we have all these supplements we
have some yes we're clear needed a table
here I live granny Bub's taking her to
do her grocery run helping granny on
those approach she may have purchased
all the pears all the pears and mister
be still
