my mother I think this is Paris cool
benefits the cosmetics they actually um
and in some of these like red packets
see oh I just like but some of the other
day Chinese New Year is actually coming
up Anna's on even so fun for us anymore
because you know we're married so when
you're married you don't receive read
pockets you only give my pockets so
that's my childhood like ripped away
from me was to missing like now that we
have Isaac he says like he can earn it
back one of you guys asked me to take
the sixteen personality test and I date
and according to this it tells me I have
an entp personality I'm not sure what
that means
here is my results so party I'm
irrational and I enjoy intellectual
pursuits and prizes independence you're
known for your debating skills
self-confidence and impressive knowledge
I don't know
strengths and weaknesses strengths are
knowledgeable quick thinkers original
excellent brainstorm errs charismatic
and energetic
I think guillotine is quite I write
weaknesses argumented insensitive
intolerant find it difficult to focus
I can trip droll symptoms if I don't get
my sashimi pic Harned isn't some college
and drink but I just wanted it because
it's peach yogurt so collagen is oh my
goodness is just perfect because he's
oh yeah Oh tummy hurts
what kids it could be could it be the
ramen no klava put it in the salad look
at it I've had everything you've had a
part in the strainer the yogurt drink
whoa
bouncy bouncy how come he's not pointing
his feet touch the floor why is it so
prickly he's got a hobby he likes to rip
people's faces well at least try 200
yeah oh there we go
oh it's mommy
Oh somebody the Reedy bass longer okay
that's enough for today that's enough
for today
OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP today the young
master is going to try carrots see my
mother I think this is Paris
what what you have to eat some Chow hey
dad dad
mama mama
dad dad well since I'm not want to hear
it's currently 20th pasta 5 so I'll be
of the apartment for a few hours while
they try to bottle train together you
can do this I feel super alright be good
guys
I'm unit Clubhouse just doing some work
kind of forces need to work because
there's no internet connection
that's to work here in peace yep just
managed to edit mousse in my videos so
now I'm just going to head off and music
in for a button are Tim just sent me
some videos of him trying to feed Isaac
and he was screaming it really broke my
heart but it's for the best because as
long as I'm at home party he can smell
me so he will take the bottle so now
everybody's just been telling me that I
need to leave the house I don't think I
can endure - crying it's just not in my
instinct to just let him cry so I think
if I were there I'd be like running
towards him you know my boob
so when I met Janice and so yeah this is
what Janice taught us they just take
like the skin here you don't press it
you just kind of like move up like this
so it's like hey de men even I'm no
demon I'm an angel this awesome cleaner
is not your enemy does your dogs bark
with the vacuum Alex like bothers I
think he likes his leaf it's time to
move on from this because when he was
lying on this like he was he was
parallel to the floor we need something
that will support him a little better so
sad though cuz he loved this give us
your next
