hello everybody its boss and I sneak and
today I'm gonna be doing my five one
part of updates along with I six five
month development update
let's start with Isaac he turned five
months couple days ago so I'm kind of
sad hi like fast he is growing I
actually just put another pile of the
clothes here I grew and it was a very
sad moment because he are growing too
fast when we took him to his for month
checkup which was like a month ago he
was already like he was already like 18
pines so he's probably like at least 19
20 points so he is quite a hefty baby is
pretty funny because when we take him
out he gets so much attention I've
actually had people come up to me and
ask what formula I'm using I'm like my
brand if you knew how to mean I am still
breastfeeding exclusively and even
though I started off breastfeeding with
a love-hate relationship today um I have
to say it we like it because he drinks a
lot foster died and takes him oniy ten
minutes or maybe 15 minutes to feed and
he can last like three hours at least I
know he's pretty known for the foals in
his arms but according to the doctor
he's completely healthy oh my gosh his
foals guys even like bopping him takes
longer because you have to get into
every full doctor said that because
Isaac its breast fed nothing to worry
about
breastfed babies tend to be chunkier in
the early months and they actually lean
down and end up being smaller than
formerly baby and then eventually and
they both will level up in size but yet
the doctor says nothing to worry about
at this period just keep doing what I'm
doing I just have no idea why he's so
chunky I guess he just absorbs really
well from the flop videos already he
guys will do that he already has teeth
he says get teeth enough alright for
months
right here in his bottom lip when we
went back to Northern Ireland we thought
that he was dealing with my thinking
back it was probably because he was
teething and we had no idea he doesn't
really care for chew toys you know like
Sophie to drop or teething rings
teething biscuits falling care for them
he only likes to chew my finger try not
to do so much easy because he's got
teeth nice so I kind of hurt so
officially we started him in solid
I'm the rice cereal it was mainly breast
milk with just a little bit of the rice
part or any seemed to really really like
it I know people say wait six months but
it was just a maternal instinct and you
know he obviously doubled his birth
weight he knows how to sit and he was
interested when we're eating so I'm very
very excited to experiment and with more
solid foods I'm sleeping like he's a
pretty good sleeper um he sleeps for
maybe rind eight to nine hours and then
he take every three naps a day I find
that it was around four months he
started to show more of his personality
he's always laughing he's always
laughing at himself he's constantly
smiling what does he look he loves to
stand he can actually grab onto your
surface and pump himself up he loves it
when we bath him he's like constantly
like splashing around in the water he
just looks so happy and I think we're
going to take him swimming when he's a
little bit older he loves being held up
really high because he likes to read he
likes my problem like this and just go
he really likes looking at himself so he
likes signing in from the mirror he
loves to get face wash
he loves the dogs I find that he
especially follows chubbie quite a lot
like when chubbie walks around he's like
so many hobbies that he's picked up
lately include I'm trying to like rip
people's faces oh my god Jane um trying
to eat peoples hair grabbing on the hair
for dear life so nice piece what does he
hate he hates being on his tummy so he
don't like tell me time you don't really
like being fat dying as you can see he
always tries to stand up he's just
always non-stop he doesn't really like
it
dressed he gets a bit impatient I think
because I'm he's got quite a big head so
um when one woman put the garment over
his head he's like some of you guys I
mentioned that he's starting to look a
little bit more like me I know when he
was born he was all daddy and to be
honest I think he's still a lot of daddy
at the same time he definitely got
daddy's news that's just stumped on but
I think he's got my eyes and he's got
pretty small lips her lips with mine
before head I think is his dad's he
still doesn't have much hair then I
think is because Tim and I were pretty
much ball babies and I didn't start
growing here and so like I was - he's a
lot more vocal these days I find that he
just randomly screams like like this and
I think he's just experimenting so a my
little update on myself my wit is 945
kilograms so I'm only about a kilogram
from my pre-baby weight here is my post
daily update as you can see my linen
nigra is fading so I feel like I still
have like a like a little bump you can
see it's kind of saggy around this area
which I'm not surprised about because my
belly was massive Timbers align and I
lines
I still have carpal tunnel - if anything
I feel like it's gotten worse I get it
every night on both arms like it just
gets really really numb I get back if
they sing I'm not sure if it's because
of the pregnancy or um you know that
he's a chunky baby I'm sure it's both
during the pregnancy my hair barely
and I was like really sick and even
though my hair is still thick right now
I find that my hair started to shed more
last month so that is our little update
guys thank you for chilling with us
until next time take care bye my six
blow everybody kiss
