so bad we ordered oh gosh but let's look
at this instead but usually a nice time
to get within our puffier and you want
to see you how but okay I was imagine
dissing see slow dancing really dancing
with mommy yes when you're older in your
wedding
remember when they're older you have to
be a gentleman you know that they're
gonna be staring right into a camera
finger lega lega so bad we ordered oh
gosh but um let's look at this instead
but we ordered a McDonald's delivery so
bad I know guys but they have the twisty
fry if so I can resist so cute you can
earn ol burgers like Hello Kitty and
they give you like a little red pockets
but they look like burgers the
prosperity beef burger what's this then
sorry oh that's so Kate they have
nuggets hot wings and more hot wings
Navas numinous prosperity sharing box
what's this one then up quite a fight oh
just quarter pounders I'll blow any uh
videos tim is having fun watching this
beauty pagent and judging dhikr hold o
my throat burns
yesterday's ramen and McDonald day just
wasn't perfect yesterday on my facebook
I saw someone enemy I'm toast of avocado
I'm a poached egg so I think I'll have
that and my egg burrs I can't poach eggs
to save my life this will do hmm mmm J
how do you make food look extra cute
have a really zoomed in see I'll just
sit like this which section it's not bad
I cut my own friend Jake
and sometimes you guys I'm off me to do
a video like to teach you guys how to
cut a fringe but I don't dare you guys
cuz when I get honestly I'm just kind of
like oh yeah I don't think it's a good
idea guys cuz I don't wanna I don't want
to mess up your hair ready for wacky
oh I think he just yeah he comfy
I'm saying like one of these days we
take a musical on the picnic and you
said you make me food a lot of me
hi I'm in a river my eyes are so dry my
contact lens keeps going we're heading
up to our friends please because her
baby just turned 100 feet me so Carson
happy 100th day a lot of people they
celebrate their one month because fuck
did you know there was quite a high
mortality rate for children so when they
reached one month usually is like a big
celebration lies a lot of people 200
days instead because I was a safer
period after 100 days rather than one
month sky looks so gloomy
did a bit is going to reinvent why
because it is gonna ring it's already
much it's all you
I'm that good
turn away
McDonald yesterday and then the ramen
noodles and then the hot pot like my
throws like pipes or today as your sort
which ones which Oh nice thick
mrs. Cindy wait for the girl excuse me
for sitting like this foot and teaches
him to prop himself up
ain't that right you're so good at
sitting already you're so good
sitting already Oh burn up Oh too happy
in the morning to let you do this one
which I really don't like on it son
stingray do you know I love you I what
is the point every time I get a new pair
of slippers she has something it's a toy
it's mine mine up chubby these are my
high high ranges your mom bought me DS
time to return to slipper but thank you
thank you
good God
it's fine you for coming ladies topics
don't look at me like that she really
thinks I'm playing with her Chevy I'm
not playing with you these are mine
these are my stoppage please no
seriously did you need more Apple
devices honey
Tim Llosa's drama because um I don't
know why are the girls always blushing
we love it because um yeah you know we
see if their skirts and stuff I love her
all right let's wait for something that
look I mean come on then making dinner
today
Vince ate some anger is oil there you go
and here you go it's amazing how a
baby's emotions can go from baby yep
like what no no idea he's use the time
in scream maybe it's your face
