hello everybody it is Bub's today and
finally going to be doing my birth story
video and I'm so sorry it took so long I
have just been having a blast you know
keeping us on our toes and keeping it
super busy so yeah I'm really excited to
just sit down and just talk to you guys
so today I'm just going to share my
first story and hopefully give you guys
a little update on you know how I'm
doing and how I think it's doing I have
to say even though Isaac was born almost
five months ago I can remember
everything clearly
in fact item so remember like you know
the nurses you know what the hospital
looked like you know what was in the
room I remember everything I suppose we
could start with the night before so I
was actually scheduled to be induced
because my phone was huge and doctors
thought that Isaac would be pretty
massive so in the day figure you know
earlier we get him I'd the safer it is I
remember it the night before we were
supposed to head to the hospital I was
just super nervous on temple service and
we pretty much did not sleep up all our
way to the hospital I was like I'm so
tired I just started even though I'm
tired
it'll be fine because you know even
though I'm going to the hospital that
morning I actually won't get induced
till the day afterwards I think the
hospital just likes to monitor me
beforehand
paka maternity wards they're different
and basically the husbands cannot stay
with their wives or their partners when
I nurses got me all settled in with my
little bed they pretty much told him to
leave and he would not be able to return
until like I actually you know start
being in labor so at that moment I
remember it was really emotional because
you know throughout the pregnancy I'm
Tim and I we just got extra clothes I
think it's because we just went on as
many dates as possible so we're really
really cherishing a little time
oh so let's just it was a really nice
period and we just got super clothes I
remember that moment you know he was on
the other end of the glass door and if
you could see my eyes welling up because
I just really missed him I didn't wanted
to go wanted him to stay with me because
I was nervous being in the hospital I
remember that his eyes started to like
cheer up and he started to cry a little
so we're like ah yeah it was a little
dramatic almost like a kdrama but once
he left I was completely fine I'm just
not good at saying goodbyes even though
it would only be for like a day if even
so uh yeah I was told to get some rest
but um yeah I spend most of my time just
bracing on one of those like gym balls
just biting away it's having like a
blast
some doctors came by to do some checkups
and um they checked me if you know what
I mean yeah your legs are wide open you
have a doctor that's like right up close
up to your area and you know they tell
you to relax and hearty school so relax
and partly you know my lighter like that
but slowly it kept going booth I think
he was like okay and then I kind of went
like that again I was like seriously
stop it I got a little shock when the
doctor said to me that um okay I think
we're going to induce you to date
instead I was like what no I don't think
I'm ready because I did not sleep at all
on I want to have energy for fishing but
apparently the baby was in a good
position to be induced and by tomorrow
he may not be in a good position so Ben
and I got text from Jim and he was like
I'm all ready to go to bed and I was
like um you need to come over the
curtain because he was about to go to
sleep and he had to get her to bed and
drive like far to the hospital again and
so he was on his way driving up at this
moment I was taken to the labor board
and the doctor broke my water and
getting my waters broken was I wouldn't
say is that painful as more mmm slightly
uncomfortable because I don't know how
to do it but water goes everywhere um
yeah I had a lot of water my doctor was
like whoa and normally they just get a
person to come
to clean up that they needed like you
know a few people to come and clear the
mess in fact I remember a one moment
there was like water all over my
doctor's glasses oh it's such a weird
feeling getting your water's broken
because you just see and feel your your
tummy like deflating slowly but you
don't want your water's break it doesn't
just empty and that's it right the water
continues to come I was kind of lying in
bed you know in in my own amniotic fluid
which wasn't too comfortable but at
least it kept me warm I'm wandering in
my doctors were being growth or I'm just
being a sissy I don't know but for me I
remembered a catheter um being quite
uncomfortable they hooked me up with the
toastin and I was feeling fine and then
by that time Tim Kim is also I was
really excited to see him in fact he was
all like excited to be in scrubs and he
was taking pictures himself he managed
to drain the battery from our phone
already not like the baby's not even
born there's no butter in the phone I
remember the nurse coming in and
increasing the pitocin and a little
moment my contractions suddenly got
strong really fast so long story short
and my pitocin dosage ended up being too
high for me it was on 12 and then they
had to have it to six and I'm 693 I'm by
then I was already contracting every 20
seconds and usually you know if you're
contracting every 20 30 seconds we're
actually ready to push but even though I
was contracting constantly I wasn't
dilated very much at all if I were to be
really honest I really think that I
would be able to handle the contractions
um if I were ready to push maybe in the
next unit or two or maybe three but I
was told I was quite far away from the
actual pushing so I was like screw this
I read energy for me to push so give me
the epidural epidural really wasn't that
bad I think I kind of felt more like a
beast thing and I chose to like not look
up the noodle when they were like trying
to put it together I just remember like
they gave you a bunch of papers to sign
and I was just like just give me do you
have a girl after two epidural I was
just like a complete different person I
was just like ah
even tim was like
you know you're all mice again you're
not snapping at me anymore
I remember when I'm still trying to rest
I started to just get really thirsty and
they wouldn't let me tinnie liquids know
too much we had to sneak some water for
me I remember being really warm I was
like this is a room really warm versus
just me a nurse came and she checked up
on me and she's like oh he actually has
a fever
the fever just made me really tired and
like just lethargic and dizzy and drowsy
like a doctor comes in and actually
tells me that uh your doctor is in
distress and then I think it's a good
idea to get him out and plus you need a
fever so we're going to be doing an
emergency c-section at that moment I was
kind of like oh if I endured like 12
hours of labor for nothing but I just
wanted him out of me safe so you know
that was all it mattered so I signed up
papers and they wheeled me into the
operating theatre when I hear emergency
c-section you're like oh my gosh but to
be honest it's just like a regular
c-section it's just not as planned
I just remember being on operating table
I was fully naked and you can feel
vulnerable and you know c-section is
quite a major surgery and just knowing
you know they're gonna cut me open is
good I was just being a bit of a wuss
you know me illegal all you see is since
big lights so I just remember just
praying constantly and constantly Tim
was able to be by my side and I just
felt really comforted knowing he was
next to me the c-section was actually
fine because I was under anaesthetic so
um it just felt like a lot of tugging on
a lot of pressure but I think it was the
anesthetic that made me really really
drowsy it was like you get so dry yet me
feel so groggy and the nurses told him
to keep talking to me but I remember at
a moment just you know telling him okay
just just stop talking to me please
because I felt so dizzy everything was
spinning and I remember shaking a lot
because I was trying to talk but it was
like I can really talk because I was
shivering
but the moment I heard Isaac cry oh my
goodness Eve I will never ever forget
hi it's signed it thinking back I must
have been high-pitched squeal but it was
like me six dirty ears like right away I
just felt so reassured because I just
had a c-section we couldn't do this skin
the skin but the nurses did put his face
next to mine and it was such a emotional
time I was so surreal like looking at
him and just weird
this little guy pretty much lived in me
for like nine months and daven next to
me just so so surreal and it was
definitely love at first sight it was
just tears of happiness and he was born
when 6.6 not very big at all but like I
said my tummy just had a lot of water
but because I had a fever
Isaac actually ended up having a fever
as well and he had breathing
difficulties so the hardest thing for me
wasn't the birth and a lot of people say
oh you know it's a shame that they
overdose you know drugs
I don't believe the hospital meant for
it to happen so things like is sometimes
it just happens right in the end
Isaac was here safely and it's okay but
I'm like I said the hardest thing for me
was actually being away from my baby
because he had to stay in the baby Ward
for the entire duration of my hospital
stays so you know I was in a maternity
ward and the same mummies that their own
babies and nurses teaching them how to
breastfeed that part was hard for me
because I just wanted to be with my baby
and I was going to let the visit into
times of the day it just broke my heart
knowing that I couldn't be there to hold
my baby and to know that he was in a
little incubator all by himself the day
after this esaron was tough I felt so
sick I just kept throwing up
I had nothing to throw up so I was
throwing up bile and you know when you
throw up you can go so it feels like
your incision is being stretched out so
I was kind of sore
I just remember like Tim
having me in a wheelchair and he is
wheeling me to the baby unit to see
Isaac just even looking at things
looking at lights was enough to make me
to the rope so I was holding a little
bull like throwing up constantly while
Tim was wheeling me to did a baby unit I
actually only stayed in the hospital for
about three days because the doctor said
I recovered really fast um it was only
when I got home that I kind of struggled
a bit because they forgot to prescribe
me pain meds so it was kind of sore but
me and Tim just want I've got me panadol
which you know really helped a lot
so one conclusion was that a good birth
for me as long as he was here safely and
to me that's a successful birth I
remember you know after giving birth
you know the weeks after even just
thinking about it I would kind of well
up a little bit but you know here he is
he's all healthy and you know I'm really
thankful for the doctors and I'm really
thankful for nurses and you know looking
back it really isn't that bad he's
healthy and I am healthy so what more
can I ask for
so my scar for my c-section is about
this long maybe and it's in my bikini
area so most times you don't even see it
if there's any words of wisdom that I
could give to you mommy sippy is to
don't be afraid you know your body knows
what it needs city and you're so much
more stronger than can ever ever
imagined just try to rest as much as you
can in a hospital before you go home
because when you get home you are going
to be on your toes constantly another
thing to remember is there's no such
thing as a perfect birth just go in with
an open mind it's just hard to believe
that he's almost fine once already and
he taught me so so much he's taught me
to be patient he's helped me to be more
loving he taught me to be more
understanding and use a little bit of
sunshine aren't you when you're not
screaming okay so that's us guys I know
it's really lovely
so thank you so much just for chillin
with me and just sitting by as you
listen to me Rumble so hope you guys
have an amazing day and I shall talk to
you very soon there we go oh it's mummy
