I wanted to put pictures of izing in the
bathtub physics so cute I figured I'll
be safer for me to wear a suit he's in a
lot of water drops on his forehead
what's going on Oh true twin more more
people are saying he looks like me no
soda no your lip puff could be like ooh
why is your eyes it cut like who time
with I sigh I guess um okay I think he
loves getting tickled tyranny when you
tickle know whether they laugh at the
tonic response though I hate being
tickled oh no all right and the fun
let's go to bed warning
so um eyes except for almost almost nine
hours so I feel really good Timmy
breakfast and Emily had an eye for a
work lunch later I did afterwards are
gonna be going to our friends
housewarming party
they'll efficiently waiting for their
food I'm gonna go special you look so
silly
been a while since I've been traveling I
let myself
healthkit okay what five minutes
last thing about Hong Kong when you live
in Hong Kong boils you pretty much like
the transport sooo good even if you have
to wait more than two minutes I feel
like forever
that's why Hong Kong people are so
impatient there were a lot of people who
don't live the Hong Kong who come here
and I find that it feels a little
stressful because everybody's always in
a hurry imagine if this ad for Tim
instead so I'm here the lovely Noel of
stylehaul and for here in this place
called what's gone I don't want to be
sure it
Brasserie on the 8 had a really nice
brunch
it was my first time eating the well
cellphone but I'll be quite formal but
it was actually really easygoing and
I've had a really nice time so I'm
actually really motivated to start
working again because um we're just
walking by like um that we should do
yeah saying that Isaac they look like
looks like a bunch of banana baby can
see anywhere I think the giant puzzle
please let your hair down hobby stop it
he actually whoa
why is he legal dude he looks like
literally this Snoop Dogg
it looks like he's high I used to have
such a big crush on him when I was
watching the day drama hana yori dango
back then he'll be no you know how some
days you wake up here like I'm gonna
have a healthy day I'm going to go to
the gym I'm gonna eat healthy well I'm
not having one at all that's GMO kind of
like
I think I was like kind of chilly today
so I kind of just want a nice hot meal
with noodles and um the other day I woke
up I was like the Tim say it did did you
just plan it he was like look you know
how you have a dream and it seemed so
real and then you dream up your other
half like thinking I look like your own
friend and you're like yeah yeah kiss
Lynette you're his best man to his
wedding
how could you do that to Kevin thumb
rail make your noodles throw some chili
powder in there murder how do you make
your noodles like really good zoom into
it like this zoom into it make sure to
backwards a little blurry dude a steam
laundry is taking forever to dry because
it's so like humid I was a detent
Londrina coughing speed and then like he
was like babe I might so wear this this
is still soaking wet I'm like just weird
and you know when you wear it I'll
become dry and fab Barry Tim and I are
hoping to go on a post baby moon so it's
gonna be our first holiday without a
sick because um Tim's parents are going
to look after him for a few days so
we're thinking of going somewhere that's
kind of close by and easy oh so we're
thinking of going to Thailand at the
moment we're thinking of going to um
here I don't want to like butcher saying
this because I'm the way I pronounce it
um
I'm not I'm not even going to try he's
actually really curious how to pronounce
this oh sorry was it good look at all so
you do pronounce it with a P instead of
with an ad
honey it's poo kicked last night when
Tim was looking at holiday definition
he was up at the book and then he
realized that we don't have our
passports because we sent it up her
I think his documents and when he told
me I was like
