we're here morning everybody
so today I'm just going to be meeting
Janice and Sonya for coffee I'm so
excited so weird because last time we
met was more than two years ago so I'm
really looking forward to seeing them
again because they I want to leave it
like the sweetest girls ever and ask
them the question that everybody asks
them in the videos and your Instagram
which is um do your kids get you should
mixed up this morning when I was reading
and replying on your comments there was
like her whole on YouTube and she was
like them loves do you really not
respect us when you talk about you know
your baby's food um you know showing us
your baby schnapps and stuff and I don't
really think about it to be honest I
never really think about oh okay it may
disrespect anybody so I apologize that
it does but she was like I had my
friends and I we talked about everything
but food my friends and I we talked
about everything and we especially
having you laugh talking about like food
just incidents and stuffing stuffing is
normal right it's it's no big deal
me either way I like talking about you
know gross things I find it really
amazing I don't know you know sometimes
when you talk too quickly can the line
that you don't cross I think I have a
line that I brought do you want to
apologize because I'm in one of the
vlogs I was demonstrating this thing
that is made for children uses in the
vlog and it did grow some people I which
I can totally understand
I guess because like you no matter I'm a
parent stuff like this just doesn't faze
me anymore because I see things that's
why I'm very more disgusting every day
so I apologize a bit did gross you guys
like but honestly I was 100% just
genuinely intrigued with this I'm
actually really thankful for it is short
people problem
you're so short that this little cover
your eyes like this here's a good stuff
I was just saying it's really weird cuz
last time we met up none of us had
babies and now we have one two three
this is she and I was saying before up
in Northern Ireland and we were two for
night she would be she and she and a
partisan stewarded like I swear he's
always happy even when you cry another
image of is Bobby like the see two girls
babysit enjoy taking care of Isaac for
the past we're like whoa and this is
actually son's first time public IT
detail Boyz II Men yeah babies are kind
of like what are you doing Vince escape
like everything's changed my but there's
nothing very down-to-earth really really
sweet like meeting Charlie and I'm
actually this you can rewrite evolution
I'm Joey you're not shopping our friends
baby recently just turned your day sir
we're gonna get them a gift
oh yeah Jimmy I just noticed when I was
in the toilet I had like a lot of gunk
in there I didn't see the game to tell
me ha ha
this is deputy said we never tried it
before it's like what's the Louisville
believes they're not leave okay
is mushroom and risotto why don't I try
this dr. pizza first because I was chef
recommended
what a very lovely mushroom taste
really rich never said you're watching
is really nice meeting you
the restaurant you work out the food was
really good and really liked it I felt
really bad when you started crying I
don't I didn't know what to do more work
so oh so sorry I had to just leave me
like this really nice meeting you you
made my day
you were so adorable him is opening a
sandwich after that enormous lunch that
we just had
Tim really needs acutally nothing
parking kik-kik
okay okay oh no I really need to go
suddenly you making noise if you need to
go
really give really high river ocean
I love this up
honestly can you imagine going my night
also much water okay let it all right
Waku honey not so if he wants to sleep
with a night signed oh if you want
medieval times
afternoon like a walk in the park
besides like some death fish flopping
right I like this one ran on roof you
got cat purring like a fart sounds like
Isaac's part because I see per you
gonna deep sleep you'll bother you have
to wake up up some pain fever feel tense
you go oh you can't see
I was a longest pea ever
