imagine this coming at you
good what's wrong we have our third of
the page I can tell that's a fart or a
poo later we have a green lady that's
gonna come up and help clean the
apartment just really helps to have
someone clean the place once a week it
just means that can clear some time to
do some work semi candid before she
comes over it feels like Christmas is
back again I had a lot of time reading
your Christmas cards thank you so much
guys
Natalie if you're watching thank you so
much she actually said it reminded her
of Tim I can totally see why Hartman's
feels a lot cleaner look so much better
nice and it should be like a perfect
circle milky in the way she sits with a
person Damo
how do you feel about your haircut did
you enjoy your trip to the groomers
like at those cheeks jiggle okay okay
okay
oh poor thing he's still like sick but I
think the cheating how bothers him more
yeah that's it let me show you guys his
little teeth so early at four months to
get it he's doing for you guys get the
kid stuff that's why he's been so the
Isaac I'm getting better it's not as
runny so um since everybody knows since
the be all bombed up whatever I put a
new smell
finally getting a haircut after like
almost half a year training on long
overdue I was asking him actually what
the trends are and he says that just
having pretty much blunt Larry's sharp
razor ends are pretty much over my back
Dan was more like japanese-inspired
a nice people tend to head towards the
Korean style which is a hair that looks
thicker I'm more healthy just money it's
just a trim um I think you've trimmed
more but I'm not bust
we're here at our friends village where
they're having a barbecue these are
actually the stray dogs but they took it
into which I really really respect hello
and her name is pizza
she's ready to stop ever there's Isaac
she is like only a one-year eight money
no joke guys almost crapped myself
I don't know what happened Tim and I we
had the exact same food I had the most
horrible stomach ache and yeah I got to
a point where I feel like my sphincter
was so fun failing me
it was really trying to come out but we
were like 20 minutes away so I mean this
is once in my life I was kinda grateful
for kid fast driving and felt like the
longest drive ever
when it was a read like what they want
driving slow I was like when I was in an
elevator like seriously it was coming I
almost and then I stopped the toilet and
it was just right like any longer I
would have seriously crapped myself um
yeah it's like the lights actually not
too long not too short what did I have
maybe the people at Kim's belly were
trying to poison me
you're so lucky Isaac wouldn't you need
to go you just go you appreciate it
right now because in the future it's not
acceptable to crap your pants
