they say you blow it had to change his
bottom just dirty cuz I thought they
were getting a bit tight decent no need
to be afraid they're stretchy yes look
plenty of space for you this is what my
granny used to do on me once used to
dress me when I was a kid over half of
my pictures like this I remember when I
was younger and when mommy's face got
dirty and I go to granny my granny we
just goes don't worry cooked on her
hands and then just go ha ha ha ha
trying to eat his bear friend quite
eager he is greedy Sydney has a hole the
left on dying otherwise he goes crazy
yeah look a lot hey give me a milk give
me that milk you give this food a
arching for the court why did you always
know where the cameras keep all looking
at
my skin is so dry I think like you know
when you're sick sometimes you get
dehydrated so I'm just using that you
don't facial scrub I'm almost out this
is the century spa radiance accelerator
I think Tim is coming down the cold
actually please a little basic
supposedly there's a quicker way to the
shell and a brother didn't you know
gonna kiss I mean she gon show me I'm
nervous okay so I don't know if this
works but you kind of um take the top
part off like this and then take the
bottom off this they say you blow it can
show you my way is here is an egg here
is it a way oh that's the way that like
my uncle bozos little yes but you're a
got smashed
let like alignment okay anyone says it
open yeah
we actually ran out of dog food so it's
your lucky day
boiled some eggs I'm just smashing into
some plain rice for the dog to eat and
kiss you guys are wondering yes it is
fine for them to eat this almost done
still fool I used to hate this in the
Sun Prairie's Coco's I was so lazy I
thought this song had too much effort
because you have to use your hums and
like me all over my favorite sushi I'm
here you brought back dessert whoa I
hate you
I didn't half of that cream puff by
myself hate myself let's see the
inspiration jar I just noticed from here
you totally see a Barbies crotch let's
see what it hype yag meme has for us was
a long one don't say that you don't have
enough time yeah exactly the same number
of hours per day that were given to
Helen Keller passier Michelangelo Mother
Teresa
Leonardo da Vinci Thomas Jefferson and
Albert Einstein oh this one really
speaks for me because you guys know I'm
always complaining about not having
enough time if what a beautiful few to
look at before I go to bed but do you do
you want it at 6:30 a.m. and your child
decides to not sleep good I don't never
let you sleep
no just wingin love you sick no
honey hey Mike he needs a reclined bed
hmm this is cool this feels good wait
wait wait too much taut thanks for the
week sleep is for the weak keep telling
myself sucks its side
as you can see is funny if it feels
freezing at home and I think because in
Hong Kong we don't have central heating
so cold cold originally we were supposed
to glide and as was it get a hair but L
supposed to get haircut and they were
stabbed in our friends house but since
both the babies are sick we figured
maybe best not to because you don't want
the cold to be like pass on to one's oh
and finally got some some dog food
they're like look what is this after
having been spoiled with rice an egg I'm
so cold in Hong Kong like imagine yeah I
need a toilet but the toilets it just
feels too cold so like I don't wanna I
don't wanna
it's gonna want to go back up again cuz
it's so cold
look at the way Tim eats his crisps you
know some people open it from the top he
slices it from the side your hands don't
get dirty right
look I scruffy your I'm sorry you really
need a haircut sir
so I'm going to make indie a loaded
potato soup which I saw online I am weak
Japan are and a half map it was amazing
this is my absolutely suck honey like to
be honest with you I've never ever ever
made this what we're gonna taste good
because you made it this delicious why'd
you get us out of ten pan you can all
right loaded potato soup from Lauren
from Laura Vitale move the towel I love
her so yummy when you load up the bread
who's got all the filling at the top and
then the butter is melted from the soup
you starting to take notice of what we
get in our lives
