isn't that ready usually when I do my
dishes this guy just laughs in place
with themself sun is shining good
morning guys it feels so good to have
Tim back again I actually got some sleep
last night so I feel awesome I'm not
even joking I was so on the edge with a
teething
jet like sick baby like seriously he
would not let me sleep more than 45
minutes let it go and I was just going
crazy I haven't really been vlogging for
the past few days because you know
unhappy baby mean unhappy me you know
when you're tired it just makes you do
crazy things that I remember saying it
Tim like mean I can't believe you left
us to go just acting come home right now
if you don't come home you will have no
door to come home come home or I will
divorce you
well I didn't say that but I said it
like when you're tired it just makes you
like do crazy things and I was going to
larious oh yes thank goodness for cow
pool and hot bath and speaking of hot
baths yeah it was a G a.m. and I was
trying to get into sleep so I thought
okay we'll take a nice hot bath together
she's holding him though in the bath he
wasn't screaming and I remember just
holding him and just looking at his
perfect little toes and a perfect little
fingers and just thinking he is my
perfect little baby and at that moment
he left her an explosion of yellow into
the water like imagine curry water major
proof explosion in the water so
immediately we got the heck out of there
but yes he did speak for and are
afterwards um speaking of Bob's actually
my granny granny buffs she heard about
them Isaac's crying and them
I'm not joking she actually said this to
me she's like it works it works I
promise you yeah I'm good to have the
dogs back Ronnie thanks Isaac got scared
by the airplane flight so her
instruction was off Isaac but you sure
undergarment I know like what like a bra
or a parent
should I continue but that's not the
crazy part so rinse it at the water
three times and back your baby in it and
just keep saying no sue come on sue calm
the most important part as a spit in the
water yes spit in the water that moment
I was just really Jasper Celtic okay
spread the water wash above my
undergarments and lie that like I got
some rest mine like okay that's all seem
kind of crazy when I really come to
think of it I remember that peeing gears
on me when I was a kid I remember
thinking okay cool I'm getting a bubble
bath hence the name i brownie spits into
water and I'm like hmm yeah that's
pretty much suggest in a path feed a
course Tim got back from Thailand and he
has to bring back the euro disbursed
that give you an hotel room he did feel
bad for leaving to miss a type of guy I
would do everything for a friend so we
did plan the stag do yeah I know I know
either he's back so it's all that
matters isn't that ready so glad you're
happy again thank you Hey I think it's
story and singing time yay
let's go round and round round and round
round and round the wheels on the bus go
round and only you appreciate my singing
the choosing of our babies they have no
idea what you're singing about sweeties
pick up your lyrics as you go wrong
turtle on a bike goes with with with
with with with with with with my
favorite Perez Pisa itself with no
cheese
I will go back to the loo go backwards
the horn on the bus goes beep-beep-beep
beep-beep-beep beep-beep-beep the horn
on the bus goes beep beep beep all day
are boring Isaac you're boring
hi bites a puppy story time
yay I knew I was gonna have a lot of fun
of this I know I think where's your neck
Victoria if you're watching thank you so
much for your handmade
Scrabble frame it looks awesome this is
the same Victoria that made us disguise
that made us this with Lego haikyuu this
guess is on TV hello boys hey Aang
always naked well top naked look I'm
complaining
Chiqui in here you have any resolutions
you want to share everybody you know I
sometimes agree like this year totally
sucked like Scrooge a so ready for next
year and you know hopefully it's gonna
bring me more happiness now what happens
in the end of that year comes and
they're like screw your 2050 2060 it's
gonna work for me I think we should just
not just be motivated to be happy
um you know why on the dreaming of the
Year like the new leaf you should just
be happy regardless and just you know be
grateful every single day tickets ever
come and you know simplify your mind
because a simple life is really a happy
life on a scale of one to ten being the
highest five satisfy are you a 2014 9
yes with the M the same pretty happy and
why because we have Isaac and you gonna
have to dog what do you want to bring in
6 2015 I think I want to stress less
stress is definitely an area that I a
time is trouble with and um just try to
be less busy now I put my family first
home alone because Tim took Isaac I'd
see his friend so you don't think you're
gonna make it your body
oh yeah ice cream on TV with my dogs
I'm just saying back to nights where I
used to be like oh so boring watching TV
here completely took that for granted
and while I'm able to be all by myself
with some TV and my dogs
I just realized these are the little
joys in life ah nice to finally have
some time to myself
