Leonce we are playing some Christmas
music because it does not feel like
Christmas here later we're gonna be
going out to eat a Trisha : or will be
having family Christmas meal and then at
midnight we'll come back to open the
presents or here at the old and the
street looks nice looks like it's from a
fairy tale probably 20 years in here
totally matching grandparents I have a
secret tip top because everybody passes
a baby like Harry Potter and they start
moving things the plate is like upside
down it's currently Oh more minute until
it's Christmas Day
he's having so much fun
this better be my either time-traveling
machine or I might say it's like shirt
all mics is ela
No
we wish you a Merry Christmas we wish
you a Merry Christmas we wish you a
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
away in a manger no it's always really
hard saying bye when you think about
like visiting family you just fingered
by all my gosh it's gonna be so cool
spending time together you really think
if I say goodbye and it's gonna be in
that are six months at least until I see
most of my family so makes me feel
really sad tonight we're having our
family dinner at the forever these are
pictures and make you many integra
coming home for this business meet so
special for us too I know it's been
quite stressed
thank you for am having Leslie more time
grunts love you come back soon
