Tim jizz asked if I can see aspects my
answer was I don't know what your pecks
I can see your nipples she guys best
part of last night coming home to my
family my sunshine baby funny sing what
else telling Tim last night or in a bar
and this random dude comes by he was
like and I was like and I was like to
try to be nice I was like you know I'm
good thanks and five minutes he comes
back you think we should like red white
or white white I was like I'm sorry I'm
Mary any other oh I'm sorry I'm sorry
okay five minutes he comes back and I'm
like dude you were here five minutes ago
still got it not really it was really
nice last night to spending time with
girls
I definitely think like clubbing is not
my thing anymore like back in when I was
in uni like go to the club and it's like
water and straight dancing and then it's
like I don't wanna I don't want to dance
I don't wanna drink I'm skiing cute cool
for coming getting gloomy and calm
without me I mean winter is finally here
sort off only through their calm
yesterday guys I had an encounter with a
really horrible tattoo man so after and
the night ice as you guys know I need
you to head home so um the party
regions' in Hong Kong is called lks and
I live in a New Territories region which
is pretty far the taxi maan he was so
rude to me like when I go on right away
he was like why do you live so far and I
wasn't even like you know Omani in the
support I was like why do you live so
far I said oh yeah I don't come I very
often and I like you guys always dress
like that I was like oh well no it's
like a Hindu so it's kind of themed it
was really rude you heard me on the
phone
you had a baby if he says oh you haven't
lost your baby weight yet and I was like
oh my goodness like did you say that to
me laughter were sounds like could you
say that to me and he goes why can't I I
was like do you know anything about
modern on behalf of all the mummies out
there or not we have of anybody out
there not even the fact that I'm a
customer but as a person of like really
it's just so rude to say that right
I gave me like a piece of my mind and
afterwards he like silent for the entire
life journey home I'll be wearing Adam
in his little interior mirror I was
actually scared I really pissed him off
so I like em what's up my friends is
texting number just thank you see drops
me off somewhere or like does anything I
just figured I kind of like sympathize
for him because maybe he had a fought
night and he just wanted to take it out
on me whatever but it's just you know
the relationships you have other people
like tells a lot about you as a person
on how you have a relationship with
yourself
I really have to admit for the entire
two hours I got home I was kind of angry
dinner rehearsing in my head it could
have actually said too much early and
then I realized that all this is just
really nothing I don't know that guy
does really matter what he says right
and I just end up going to bed just
cranking my blessings until I fell
asleep I felt lucky that I was able to
go to safely back to my family
I felt really grateful for that buff
that I had and my hair was clean you
know because when you go out you like
your hair and all smells good people
already smoke so that's another thing
guys sometimes the people you encourage
in your nice they're not always going to
be nice and you can always change them
so you can't let hi they are change few
people who hurt others are most hurt
themselves I know like 2/3 is a food
that not a lot of people like I love
tofu guys look at Isaac he's starting to
like play with his toys a lot more often
no money clubbing is like just not
something that I do anymore and I came
home when I realized just oh I was so
happy with the life that I have
right now chef Indiana - tonight get a
home-cooked dinner
understood do you like my new glasses
guys it's barley the new thing I hope
wizard Harry
anyone I put honest I like oh I looked a
bit like a granny but I like these I'm
reading this post call them 11 growth
signs
you've reached peak comfort levels in
your relationship so let's see if you
fart in front of each other yeah quick
is discussed in any capacity definitely
yes period talk yes you pee the door
open not only just pee guys you let him
pee in the shower when you shower
together the initial no no we don't want
to do that one morning breath laughing
gross - yikes
no a new hobby involves popping pimples
and blackheads well I like to use black
head strips on him sickness doesn't be
kissing off limits
no your mind weekend isn't a big deal no
despite all this you actually still find
your significant other sexy
I'm not even doing anything
as if did it the dance again member put
your hands in the air down to the floor
down the body I'm sexy doesn't like it I
have to say guys that when a baby
reaches three months it's eight magical
month gnarly just not really for Isaac
oh wait hey this wasn't even turned on
today we're gonna have dinner I'm
actually Mikey celebrating my birthday
okay with some friends tonight and we're
going to Ruby Tuesday's Tim to that if I
can see impacts my answer was I don't
know what your text I can see your
nipples there we go
waiting wind-up
what is it it doesn't make you touch it
it's called hop cut be like a it's
actually not much of a difference maybe
you need a new breeze or honey maybe you
need a new face my husband everybody
yeah
