what's better than bubble wrap this
giant kind
sounds like fireworks outside wow you
guys are actually scared of bubble wrap
oh yeah you you're you yeah
whoo-hoo I love it when like it's all
done and then you kind of got bonus
wonder like oh I don't even know what
this package this was in but I feel like
this is better than a package that I got
oh really no more now guys that looks
fun really really loving this um
everything at knife palette by Too Faced
usually I'm not crazy my palace but look
it's just oh my goodness it's so
pigmented it's got like shimmers and
mats
you got your blushes your highlight your
contour this is like a palette of
everything in it to date on my eyes I'm
basically just wearing honey pot on my
eyelids and then I'm defining it with
this color called knock out and then in
my inner corners I'm using this color
called shine happy and I'm wearing this
blush and I've got this up high like
tired calm to go into lesser stuff
dressed casual day I didn't know there's
such thing you can like get a new board
for you guys ask quite a common question
which is what language we speak to eyes
again an answer is Cantonese I'm going
Bogart
I'm Cantonese and English so feel
throughout being bilingual we're going
to a surprise dinner for our friend
Apple I'm so hungry
so we had no expectations thinking this
is gonna be a really small room but babe
yeah so bigger than like we have our own
sink they give you free wipes and
magazines and then they've also got a
nursing corner for the mother okay baby
wife just had a lovely time with our
friends we're trying to get him to take
the bottle so like sometimes if I kill
all your empathy Tim can beat him to
help but the problem is this guy just
rejects the bottle any bottle would
tried every single key right there
I've attempt to leave the house well Tim
stay so I'm gonna feed him but this guy
is all about the boobs he just cries
hysterically and the thing is he is a
tape like a bottle a day and then one
day he just thought you work today is
another attempt I'm gonna be leaving the
house for about two three hours good
luck daddy bye bye baby
eebee gear we're gonna we'll be patient
here to piss Cuddy off aren't you oh
yeah
you stay home I'm beacon mommy come home
later knows I'm going on but not you
stay home yeah you stay home you say
where you are we stay
which people today I forgot it someday
and I can buy myself today here we have
stone pot rice it's pretty good drop the
see our new apartment today
whoa which is some whistles Vanessa but
yay it's just a little small apartment
as you can tell I think it's very very
excited about it
we're in the car park part of the
complex the Moses wreck there's actually
shopping mall downstairs but they
haven't really hit me shopped in yet
over your work which isn't yeah this is
the elevators going up to the podium
walking height
all day as well so this must be the pool
flowey and here one of these little
it's ours
dart our thesis I'm Marta elevators even
though this apartment is pretty small
but I hope it makes a gate home for our
future tenants Gemini when we first
moved to Hong Kong we rented apartment
which is this size and I thought it was
a perfect size for two of us quite small
and and chic a little room here huncle
apartments are you should be very small
with believe or not this place is family
of four kind of here to step over be the
pull from here actually the pool is
pretty big and it looks like to have an
indoor pool as well and I got a garden
up there chicken why would you go over
the real honey no scary till kitchen hey
the kitchens okay that's okay
hey the phone alert they've got another
for me the one of the Vulcan inner
vision a little Timmy's gonna take a pee
that's right I'm gonna mark my territory
the actual settings
I just want a sudden be up here already
we didn't have the two dogs or maybe we
didn't have Isaac maybe this is not for
me and you this is a public this is
general walkway where any residents at
any people can come in right so if
you're really hot from your sender
sunbathing way I use this imagine I got
big bunch of people like all these old
men there what I mean a margin of your
heart I mean honey imagine you're in
there really hot
I mean imagine I mean yeah you're in
there
just stop many theaters and frozen in
Chinese crazy sure we have karaoke room
and then like a music room for kids to
practice instruments a children from
there for them to play waiting room Oh
little children we're having more fun
than meeting it he doesn't really care
for anything but the photo won't be
complete with white Isaac being on a
horse because he's born in the year of
the horse
let's take a photo it's so cool that we
have a baby because we can come here in
place and that we will be burned upon
this looks like where you would use the
gym there's like a yoga room or like a
dance video just for people to post
party hmm no I want to live here this is
the roof garden
quite nice just to come out here and
chill a bit this is also very small
