hello everyone it is bubs how's it going
and a sports video is long long long
after day after day overdue so today I'm
gonna be answering some questions first
question is can you say this is Hawaii
chart with a car in an art Noi sorry if
you find this mean I'm just curious so I
don't I don't mean at all and I'm not
surprised if you're curious so that's
okay
I'll repeat again this is Hoggy shark
with a koi in an r9 next question is a
very popular question when do you plan
to make a new vlog intro I'm very aware
that we need a new flock in true because
we have a new member yeah as much as we
really really want to we just don't have
the time for it yet but when we have a
chance you know we will on a scale of
one to ten how hard is parenthood I
wouldn't say it's that hard so far for
me it's definitely more the case of just
being exhausted just learning to just
run with some little energy because I
don't sleep as much as I used to so on a
scale of one to ten it's probably seven
and it's only hard because you know Tim
and I we never really has time for
ourselves anymore I'm getting things
done is harder but aside from not
looking after baby itself isn't that
difficult
the next question are you excited about
Christmas I am so so excited about
Christmas because we're flying back to
Northern Ireland this year last year Tim
and I just spent it here in Hong Kong it
was nice but it's always nice to go back
home with family and this time we're
bringing back
I think I'm just so excited for my
granny bubs to finally me Isaac I'm
excited to meet our two Samoyeds I'm
just excited to just be human channels
because I feel like that was fair back
home it's just way better than Hong Kong
pros and cons of living in Hong Kong
our third pros shops and places
generally don't close that early there's
a lot of duty there's a lot of foods to
eat the public transport is really good
Hong Kong you only have to wait like a
few minutes boredom extreme shows up
eating is super cheap as well
the cons of living in Hong Kong well for
me it would be grocery shopping tends to
be quite expensive of course there's a
lot of really nice people in Hong Kong
but the chances of you bumping into
someone that's rude is higher and what
else mosquitoes I would say the pros
definitely outweigh the cons a word that
you would use to describe your in life
that would be an easy one simple hi has
your life changed since you became a
mother it's changed in every single way
like I said before I don't get a lot of
sleep these days so I kind of said
goodbye to lions you know when you wake
up you no longer thing up I oh you know
what you want to do it's the first thing
you think about is your child instead
when you wake up it's okay
nicotine to decypher why is he crying
and you defeated them and things aren't
as spontaneous as it used to be you know
Tim and I used to be like trying to go
outside and that's us but now I you know
if we were to go outside we have to
break this and break that yeah I think
our lives are pretty rough altering
Isaac but you know when we see
mileages I just makes everything worth
it what is the main thing you want to
get out of life I think just being able
to make people aren't you happy what is
your guilty pleasure at the moment to be
really honest we're just being able to
just sit in the toilet and just you know
read up on 9gag or something it's a
pretty sweet I like this question a lot
and it's what made these
smile today it was actually more than a
smile and it was when I lifted up Isaac
after communion and I said I'm a baby
and he gave me the most cutest big smile
and then he like picked over me so it
was a kiss hey hey so yes I have to pick
up my lips and down here but it was like
the cutest and funniest thing ever
what would you say your personal style
is and how do you keep your personal
style while staying on top of trends I
would say I am the type of would get too
obsessed about being other trends
honestly I just wear whatever I want I
think my style is definitely just casual
cute and comfy are you planning on
having a second child yet this is
another popular question come on I just
had a kid like five minutes ago
so Jesus sometime but definitely not a
near-future we're gonna wait at least
two three years what is it up by Tim
that annoys me the most definitely that
he's never on time like he's always late
so usually when we go meet our friends
or family whatever it is like we're
always late and
I'm a very punctual person I hate that
because he's late I am late and it just
drives me crazy how does your c-section
scar look and while my c-section scar
was around this long and you actually
can't see it because it's in a bikini
area but I looked at it today and it
seems to be healing fine what is your
biggest fear to be really honest guys
there's nothing really that I'm really
scared of to be honest but a fear that I
have like currently these days is when
I'm looking after Isaac and I need to
poop and when I'm pooping he cries
because then what will I do what is the
best thing about being a mother to you
well that's a nice question again just
being able to take care of a little
person that's an extension of who you
are just watching him grow every day
developing their own little
personalities I really feel like I've
been blessed to be able to have
different titles and life whatever it
may be to you guys you know youtuber
entrepreneur whatever but I feel like
one of the titles that I'm just most
blessed to be is being a mother and of
course a wife
where do you see you and your family in
five years time we definitely need back
in UK if we feed living in a house we
would have adopted another dog maybe we
have a second one it will be really nice
it's an eye open
small business like a little cafe
alright guys so these are key answers of
your questions so thank you so much for
submitting them and if you have any
questions for me then remember to tweet
me in my Twitter cut bums me who I shall
see guys very very soon take care guys
