aha
this is the life I took me a gun to the
vet family you're not going comic and AH
or your chubby Kodama mrs. chippy Oyster
Bay
give me the way to do that
so consiglio fee has an ear infection so
my the Tillamook after BP and dumber
she'll be back soon
Wow look at this Tim got me to model
club so we have what it takes we have
some Doug we have tofu crap stick
broccoli there's everything in here okay
let's see tonight's inspiration it does
not matter how slow you go as long as
you do not stop thank you jab me anyway
you never truly lose is by not trying
tell me your smile copies Patch Kid
Isaac he's like that's not funny
that's not funny at all he's laughing at
me
come hot hey he could pass off as the
bishop dressin wasn't monopoly month
he's short and stumpy or to Pringle Mon
then I think the premier the Pringle Mon
and the monopoly Mon look really similar
why would a beautiful morning
alright guys I gave him Isaac for like a
couple hours so I woke up recharged
so I had like i7 pardons I was like
being sad we're just kind of like same
in prison par vocalizes beautiful and
then I think was like yeah then Tim was
like and I was like you're so cute today
after beef I'll see you for the past
Edie I'm going to attempt to make whole
tomorrow right so with this videos I say
bye my friend
I'm so excited try it looks pretty easy
and supposedly is really delicious as
well and apparently it's like all the
way Venetia I'm sure it's really good
videos and I love her so much
I have this like weird habit I just
realized I have recently when I use my
knife like here's the packet like for
some reason I I end up feeling like this
kind of face like an evil face this is
kind of weird the rice is cooking right
now and earlier I marinated some pork
chops and a marinade that I like to use
is this one is actually the people for
Vsauce
but I like using the mind so much that
my auntie taught me DS and pork and son
then DS cooking today babe do you have
to cook book club
why do you have the coconut stance tell
me what are you doing in there wait nice
little such boy ready for dinner
restored this guy wakes up hello Tim is
I say it was my mother's friend so
yesterday I had my time of my girl so to
get the hat his boy time oh that one's
good
holding will go with it so one of you
guys recommended me to check out this
website called dress Lily and I saw this
t-shirt I'm like I'm not going to buy
this this is creepy oh come on Isaac
come on can you over come on roll over
roll over roll consider doodoos here
wondering a chubby got by from the vet
and basically she has a ear infection a
yeast infection right ear because the
groomers they was at the border was old
enough senior year and they didn't try
it properly so I believe I get some work
done while they watch a little bit of TV
company the groomers gave her an ear
infection hmm good girl
looking at my horn okay I got some of
these like foam listening some of the
ones I've been seeing are pretty like
crazy so this one looks alright and it's
nice and soft
okay okay you don't like this one how
about this one
he was smiling before there's no man
ever they're sick does anybody actually
new apartment Fauci the Snowman yeah the
lines that go after that cheer fear I've
got it
I think you don't know what pure talent
is I like big butts in a gun on him I
like how you did it this is so
appropriate was glass too much friends
what am i think butts in a kind of not
my wanna be banana they know I can't
remember that I was so attempt to just
go boot you have a look he saw he likes
it
ah like big butts and I cannot lie you
other but they lie when a girl walks in
with an itty bitty waist and a big
something the dinner in your face you
get sprung babe we're so bad at it Isaac
what's the whole self ising next mmm
while you talk to mom I don't want a lot
for Christmas there is just one thing
honey
you're no fun I think oniy daddy
appreciates my singing okay
oh he just want to be lifted
