are you gonna be okay honey look at him
you think I'll be okay sugar guys I can
wear my pre pregnancy clothes old and
finally Tim is getting his ethical
license renewed
sensory boy toy we're gonna head out and
do better shopping and having a
challenge they're gonna try and bring
him by and hopefully he won't scream
bloody murder seriously like face like
when he cries is not the I'm about to
cry
I'm preparing it's like wake up and in
ah I don't think I could ever get sick
of this when Tim was getting his car so
sorted I hit Isaac in the car so now
we're gonna grab some lunch I think you
had your lunch is art her 900 oh babe
50000 whooping like the bid hello you're
not eating Isaac so get confused we have
malucia marriage every time I put the
bib on him he starts smiling cause he
knows he's about to get melt
ready quartz using your phone and being
so anti-social
whoa what's this look at the way he's
sitting likable
he's come to listen to me I know
I ordered a spaghetti carbonara and this
is called grandma's Nicole what's this
honey it's meant to be a Robbie Olli I
got ten pieces they changed Herman you
didn't have my dish thought to get
something else but didn't stitch is
always nicer than my always every to eat
anywhere he always liked my fish more so
next time try it recently I just swapped
with whatever your whom yes I love
coming to keep two stores plenty of
things to look at especially because I
got Secret Santa gifts good for
something for my Secret Santa
oh poor Shane I was just shopping and
then I heard like him cry really like
you told me to sell him gone and turns
out he'd like when is clipping him in
the prom he cooked a little bit of this
flesh this should be super good food
are you okay Isaac how they eat people
in them later okay
look at a July has to be the most
pointless invention ever
I'm gonna get one looks like a peeler so
see if you want to express your comfort
like noodles egg salad I have no idea
why Lindy's trying this on let's get bed
liner stitch together
hey babe the news that wastes funding
but it's a bin liner honey for some bin
lining I can make you one except you in
black
it feels like a bin liners vs OMG he
doesn't think so
Isaac oh the nice one mother shopping
spree
black me are you colorblind you might be
colorblind I'll come looking for
what do thank guys vote shushybye yes or
no I didn't get that beige coat in the
end because um you know I just I could
keep licking cry nicer one I tried to go
to Zara to find some coats for Isaac
Azhar going back to Northern Ireland and
it should be cold I didn't have a size
and all the girly beat me clothes were
so cute it's not like the boy clone as I
can it's nice but the girl clothes is
like make she almost want to have a like
a girl baby just for the cuckoo yeah
girl big but no no baby thinking until
at least two years time really wouldn't
be up here so I made him cover his
little head nimbala et he was crying
about being a stroller and like you
rather just fall asleep like sitting
like this then he ordered all this food
is not eating any again I only ordered
one dish it's because I really need to
poop I don't feel like I could add more
to what already like it's loaded inside
I think that what happens when you can't
go and then when you finally can your
like outside and you don't want to use a
public toilet
wait for me to finish it all
no oh no no don't don't wake up the
Wicca people attendance just got a
haircut under we're actually just
talking and he was telling me he likes
his hair stylist because his hair
stylist of the day small talk with him
and he says he hates it one hairstylist
tries to like pretend to be friendly and
when I talk to him because Tim guy
really needs to do this but I'm
different I like when the hairstylist
salsa me and the tub is just like
glaber's on stuff so my question for you
guys is what argue like that's the hair
salon are you decide that like talks a
lot or you just have to just kind of
like anything Tim wants to know where
all the guy here is I they're replacing
lead he wants to know what is your
response when the hair stylist shows you
the back of your head big enough because
apparently guys generally don't care how
is the buck
my food so thinking about
I'm like clenching my butt cheeks
morning guys
so today I'm going to be meeting my
girlfriend for a little bit of shopping
and dinner so it's been a long overdue
girly date that she really gloomy day so
it looks like it's gonna rain so I'll be
pretty hard umbrella for once you stay
home or daddy okay what you saying with
daddy yeah and be good boy and stay home
with Daddy
okay I'll miss you too I'll come back
when mm-hmm bye dougie
bye honey are you gonna be okay honey
okay I'll be okay it's been an eventful
day so far using my umbrella
so pissing people off because I'm short
so stabbing ends like in the shoulder
blades of my umbrella I just what's up
Tim to ask hi Isaac doing and did what
he sent me
I see when I can fight I'm eating Korean
cuisine is I like the little dishes they
give you so you just kind of like nibble
at them it's a really like cold and like
crappy weather so it's so nice to be
indoors of a nice cup of tea so glad I
brought my umbrella got a gig they do
really tiring I'm pretty sure walk
behind someone in a line that farted I'm
home
thank you honey for driving me around I
forgot what it's late to get public
transport yeah like a queen people don't
know that you know it's cuz I get really
bad motion sick just guys and I'll have
the back of the trains over oh and then
came back until like clean before any
change to the bedsheets looks like you
blend into the sheets did you miss me
today
javi I know you look comfortable but can
you shift the side for me because I'm
gonna do something very important this
is suicide
what you said okay then you stay here
cuz I'm just gonna jump and dive yep
smart move yeah of course
oh uh uh your little poles are like tiny
little Hummers you know I noticed honey
well realize like ever since having
Isaac well it made me cherish spending
time with my friends even more but also
made me cherish coming home and seeing
my family
