I'm not going to get a baby talk so what
I can do is I can make like Pokemon
noises almost like I peek back to you I
just took a nice shower and then I
looked at the mirror and just realized
my tile yeah how did I get into perfect
triangle
seriously I'm impressed hi I did this
and then just stays intact next hear
something funny guys
yesterday Tim comes into the room when I
was working and he was Justin is a hit
underwear he was like babe dye look like
a Calvin Klein underwear model no I'm
like just because you wear Calvin Klein
briefs doesn't mean you will
automatically look like s it
automatically weird those are mean you
will automatically look like you model
for Calvin Klein are you an easy boat
somebody said that Isaac looks like a
Cabbage Patch Kid really come the side
and it's so true
Tim keep saying and pissed off don't be
pissed off until yeah I would know of a
pistol just just peeking I go hey that's
not again pissed now suppose your
crystal guess tickets on cakes like deep
revs doesn't mean their bums I okay I'm
taking the your allies people helps you
relax and speeds up your metabolism so
every chance I can I go ah and it makes
me feel good we should take deep breaths
more often
Betsy
tell me time all right all right here we
go
that's not better now you're looking at
me hi hello I know DOMA it's good fact
Tim got this for me to try it's
chocolate with Oreo on the inside so
let's tasty hi it is let's take out one
rectangle it's two am and there's
nothing I want to eat in my kitchen
earth world problems what's delicious
and healthy okay so she its Chan let's
check out hubby's office
he's got playing cards of Maldives you
learn a little bit about wildlife as you
play we have a big pile of documents we
have a picture of myself you posted up
herself they don't have to know that we
have a pile of things here I don't even
bother with his room anymore i thing is
guys he's tidy with the things that he
wants to be tidied with for example his
cables with his cables he has to like to
make them glowing book yeah you guys get
the gist and yet we have this
yes honey no honey no cookie Buddha
good okay you know didn't you have
to come on Andy had someone more washing
to do slowly I think like starting to
get like you know spots in my news and I
never used to get it and Chinese
medicine tells you that he has like a
spotter noses to do high pressure which
is like stress all Parenthood maybe I'm
so tired
money is laughing like a bull hey G you
look like you're really comfortable yes
I was reading some your comments last
night and you guys are like both get
some rest I'm working on it guys it
would be really nice at my parents or
Tim's parents lived in Hong Kong so you
know someone could help it up through
the baby but um it's just Tim and I and
while we don't mind just a little hard
to catch up on rest somebody is all
happy after the best time right prison
laughs prison Leia
it's called the I think'll bit the sheep
the sheep ear sheep head tile roll
baby's so hard to do this is pretty easy
and I think people used to roll this at
the tiles to help them like cool dine
like when they're popping or in the
sauna
oh yeah haven't forgotten about you a
lot not if you say hey speaking of talks
like I'm not very good at baby talk so
what I can do is I can make like come on
mouth is almost like I
so if you're wondering how to meet
that's kid sheephead role it's really
easy all you need is a small tile I'm
just gonna unroll mine you're going like
this and you just gonna fold it in half
the long way first
more thick and then you fold it in half
again like this and then from the edges
you're just rolling it like sleep so
you're fit like so and you just keep
moving it until you get the light that
you want so I'm just gonna loop this
three times okay so one ends on you just
do the same for the other end
Oh bareback
it's really easy and you doesn't like a
minute
okay so now with both sides are rolled
you just open the slit right here
anyway so then just put on your head and
you have this cute little roll ah so
cute
you see buns normally right yeah yeah
fun the size of your face whoa whoa
this ball is bigger than your head that
is the biggest fan awful bun I've ever
seen in my life that fun couldn't lie
classes for like a few days
