the recipes I'm making I just got an
awesome time here on me and I wish you'd
be pretty easy to make actually this
afternoon this is going to be table
carbonara so get out of my kitchen maybe
a little too much food or to bus honey
just a little I think it's just right
says what happens with the saying have
you heard I'm full it told up tell
everybody what it means your eyes bigger
than your stomach think you can see all
this stuff but then turns out your
stomach isn't big enough lurking for
food tonight
the dogs are getting a little truth
basically we need healthy soup and we
had some meat and veggies leftover
Tippie if there was like a contest
eating contest for dogs you would surely
wins doable today I have a doctor's
appointment because it's been over six
weeks since the cesarean so they're
gonna be checking up if I'm recovering
okay then afterwards Isaac has to get
his photograph taken for his passport
this will be fun won't it huh this is
gonna be fun right tim is a practicing
with the black route he looks
comfortable and happy doesn't he
Obama some quick food I'm feeling so a
pie in the famous for the fish balls
five fish skin you dip it in the sauce
for like 80 seconds it goes a bit
saltier
- she liked it
Oh
Arzo fishballs all the kind then he has
to eat everybody is normal to get one
each but to know he has to order like
crazy portions so greedy
what do you know I took him forever but
he did finish it all where does the old
poo in the toilet
Tim saw us today and we had to pick it
up like they make a little mold of your
baby's hand and fit because we know his
hands and feelings stay small forever we
can just you know make a little mold out
of it Tim mentioned but this could be
used and a different body part which I
yeah if you guys watch bad neighbors you
know what he's talking about he's
disgusting so I realized that only gives
me like one of these so damn it it's
either the hundred feet v4ej how come
you look lost rody babe this thing
requires like no skill to make a 5 yo
commit this I can see you you've
achieved the right angle look at that
face of concentration look at that
concentration look at that fine
it's your son - so I think you should
like do you give up do you give up on
this project have you given up on this
project do you meet defeat okay
move take everything apart you did
please Wow Tim mix the biggie binder I'm
going to make dinner so my problem is I
hate reading instruction manuals but -
Tim it's like really fun but I just I
cannot stand reading instructions I'm
the type that I buy something I will
attempt to make it myself and then I'll
mess up the mess up Oh see I messed up
the recipe that I am making I just got a
lot easier on me and our mission is
pretty easy to make actually it's
afternoon is it gonna get it not a
carbonara so get out of my kitchen there
are three screws here really cheese then
rope or a moonsault there are three
screws here which today would you pick
to make a symmetrical piece they would
should would you pick to make a
symmetrical piece do you know what you
did I used two different grades
yes on the same thing really honey do
you need to rub it in let's see hi Tim's
doing turns out this runs by batteries
who buys things run by batteries these
days what battery is actually for 12 3 D
6 flat ones are used
I didn't even know they still exist Tim
picked up
Isaac's passport photo so let's see how
it looks let me see
could you look more miserable so it is
another day these days it just feels
like my day just go just like that
I wake up and then I blink a few times
and before I know it I'm face-first onto
bed tonight I'm just having thoughts and
you know I was just it was like any
other day in something you know just
like the eyes again I realized just how
much I love this little boy I was
thinking of like you know I would do
anything to protect this little baby you
know protect him from a bruise a cut if
I could I wish I can protect him from
nightmares obviously I know that you
know how he lives life and what happens
is not under my control so I just just
have faced but um I also realized that
there are also a lot that I could do
since our lives are so revolved around
the baby right now you know it just
seems like all we ever talk about is
just baby baby baby and you know while I
was pregnant I told myself that you know
that won't happen and I know a lot of
you guys enjoy seeing Isaac and I'm glad
you did what he makes you guys smile you
know Tim and I were okay being online on
YouTube you know it just Isaac doesn't
really have a say in it
so I don't know tonight I'm just having
these thoughts so yeah I just wanted to
have a little hard to hearten have just
express how I feel it's probably just
you know these maternal instincts and
both elacin will get a good balance of
everything so you know you guys just
won't see it which is Isaac Isaac Isaac
and like all the walls and you'll get
like a you know healthy combination of
just our family rather than just you
know see so much of Isaac these days but
I think really in the past eight weeks I
really think I have changed
quite a bit and hear people say oh you
know when you're a mom everything
changes and you don't know that I can
experience it for ourselves
I can say it really does change look
before get emotional but yeah you no
longer think about yourself anymore I
think I'm just gonna be more reserved in
terms of Isaac's footage I'm sure I know
you guys understand in this it's just
you know Tim and I we're fine going
full-on crazy because we don't care I'm
pretty sure Tamiya will have its us site
then properly but we are very new to
this you know we're learning every
single C so yeah I just you know I would
really appreciate it if you guys pray or
found me
