you're a big girl now yes you are ah but
you're always gonna be my baby trying to
like about some early Christmas present
ideas from my nephew nice sorting with
my nephew he's a very crude of type just
trying to find something to get him up
for any boys aren't as crafty as girls
it's like all of the crafty stuff a girl
seems finally find this jacket I'll show
you guys why basically while he was at
Auntie Karen's has forgot quite matted
and for the groomer sir pressure they
reckon I'll be too painful so they
figured I'd be kinder to just shave him
but I'm scared he'll get cold when I go
on walk so I'll go to model jacket
impressed it's so heavy
do you have a lot of hair and I know
it's a blessing but I'm looking quite
forward to just take some weight off
it's also been quite a while since I've
had it colored so not quite sure what
I'm going to getting maybe having a lob
I'm just getting ready to go but the
awesome is my lipstick bye guys elders
behind my eye I've got the radio on and
Backstreet Boys came on only are they
singing to it they're fully dancing to
it with their of their paintbrushes
maybe something like this this links and
then doing the balayage again to waste
of time I
very nice and early and I was about due
to parking meter and then I realize I've
got my wallet drove home came back again
and there were no spaces and the only
available space was right outside the
salon and I could part because I cut
parallel car it's not that circle again
I'm parked on like the other side of
time and I run over and is feeling quite
happy right now from all the toil
Rachel's doing my hair today fully Ayla
is okay with mummy needs her groove back
cutting and drying and off we go to
frothy at all which was the me no
uncertain because it was night dark
creamy here at my mother-in-law's house
we just had to trust it with my camera
yep this is my hair it's not as short as
I thought it would be but only just
because it means I can still put my hair
in a ponytail but as you can see I
didn't cut off like so this much has
been shaken up so at least 5 inches
there's no styling product here because
I was just in a hurry to leave but um it
feels so much more lighter someone does
more of the day this girl is about 17
pines at 14 weeks and he's riding weight
while she's in the 98th percentile high
twice isn't a 75th percentile so she's a
little bit longer too and then head also
70% outs her heads also on the big side
fit is so cute today I got a three to
six months but as you can see it's quite
comfortable and snug on her so hopefully
she can still wear a good few time
before she grows out of it whoa he likes
his new t-shirt because it's got a
little food on it you
I want one you buy in Dubai yet mama and
my mama needs a work first so mommy can
earn money so when we combine I'm food
and please I get toy most importantly
toys there's a random unicorn head under
Tim cooked again this time also for a
mother-in-law this is a very first time
she's gonna be eating her son's cooking
sweet potato cottage pie not really
really nice interesting to make it with
sweet potato like a bit on your head
better it's been a very very productive
morning baking with the little one got a
little teapot set and I figured he can
paint it and then we don't give it to
grandmother for Christmas Mama's gonna
love it that's nice
this kid isn't faking he's on the
painting today a busy morning
Shh you're really good at it so artistic
what's a gold color interesting
well done I think do you like this more
already like baking cakes really even
more than eating the cakes here are the
cupcakes that we made today it was
actually my very first time attempting
to type and although it's definitely not
perfect I'm pretty part of myself it was
really fun I don't really nice morning
with Isaac doing some baking some crafts
extremely actually singing again
everyone before al was born so it's been
a while which one should we bring my
she's just a good girl just watching me
do two dishes we need to talk about this
for a while it's regarding a Liz wait to
see a lot of comments like this and
that's why I want to talk about it and
it's from fellow month basically you
guys are asking folks what's in your
belt or whatever reason all my babies
just happen to be really big so honestly
I don't eat particularly different or
particularly too much they have a baby
something a society makes it worse size
matters do you guys say that you know no
matter how often you feed your baby your
baby just happens to be quite slender
and I just want to say I have friends I
could completely relate with you guys do
you not know their babies possibly even
feed more than I see my daughter no
matter what their baby just isn't the
you know beef of type and they always
feel like they need to justify or
explain to people you know especially
when it comes to Asian family members a
lot of them will say do you have enough
milk wires your child so thin but
honestly it really just goes down to
genetics when I were a huge babies so
that's why our babies are big it's not
because I've got like special milk or
someone you guys say heavy cream so
please don't feel as if your baby's not
healthy because your baby is not you
know chubby chubby chubby and at the
same time
also see quite a few comments are you
guys asking you know if I'm gonna put a
low on a diet because she's obese
because she's exclusively breastfed she
cannot be over fit so she doesn't need
to go on a diet she's super healthy is
she super healthy because she's all
beefy with full know it's healthy
because she's alert she likes moving her
limbs she communicates of others that is
what makes her healthy not because of
her folds all the mommies are there keep
doing what you're doing and please don't
feel as if you know you're not doing
this because you're already doing so
amazing and you don't need other people
that have come here and to make you feel
worse about yourself when motherhood is
already hard enough like that just a
dimple can you see can you teach me why
do you do that are you gonna be a
hundred days old tomorrow you're a big
girl now yes you are ah but you're
always gonna be my baby
