oh my goodness come on if he's gonna
watch this like when he's like 20 years
old and be traumatized by like I don't
like forever since we need a kid on
hearty shepherd's pie so that's what
we're making today usually I get to need
to do the preparation because there's a
muscles work yes
I'm so hungry really looking forward to
eating this
Isaac please don't wake up so soon this
is a difference between damos uncha
Baker's is always clean and solid when
he leaves a mess everywhere a morning
you know I woke up this morning and I
can almost swear he did not look this
big yesterday I mean I'm always aware
like he kind of big but today he looks
even bigger and put here gonna be seven
weeks in two days
but his zr2 three months clothes are
already really tight on him okay your
strong legs today we have Anya on for
relaxing time
it helps to come time mr. Bochy relaxing
should stop actually listen to this more
even when I'm doing chores
because of Isaac's growth spurt he is
like constantly eating eating eating
every are so means I'm constantly
feeding and this has led to me getting a
truckload of appetite even more so than
I was preggers
why did was I premade like a lot of
sandwiches at night so I can just grab
it on the go because every time I try to
make food it's like race against the
time before he starts crying Tim's first
time bopping baby let's assess how he
does does that hold us cow so you can be
another one hmm
just a little experiment tiny like over
tim is enjoying this too
I have to show you guys something what
is the picture so earlier Tim was asking
me to take some pictures of him the baby
and this is how they all look hmm
this has to be this one okay you guys
couldn't see so how was your day
do you dogs like to just sit and keep
you company while you buff and even when
you take a poop can I make sure you feel
awkward sometimes especially Domo he
actually likes to sit right between my
legs when I'm using the toilet really
g-guys mine I really love taking bubble
baths but wouldn't it be amazing it's
like you know there's a TV vert in a
wall that's one of my life goals have a
bathroom of a built-in TV ah feels nice
to be able to take a nice buff my
muscles are so sore I woke up at my my
legs are like aching so much and I'm
like why do my legs feel like jelly and
then I remembered us because I was doing
squats I can always watch 17 again Zac
Efron night we're going to a dinner with
my Harry and then tomorrow they're going
off at holiday and they go back to
Northern Ireland so it won't be in there
are two months until I see them again
and speaking of two months can you
believe that like you know in just about
two and a half months it's gonna be
Christmas time is flatten and mobile
errors
right over
I am on my mum's Facebook she just
upload will miss my grandson I'm like
what about me
I was on a phone with her today and she
was like open this Isaac and I'm like
what about your daughter and she's like
nope like cold and shivery today so we
have healthy fish soup with plenty of
vegetables and broth mmm this will be a
good ship that hopper winter I really
don't know how to dog notice but before
I come to my bedroom to sleep for some
reason they can sense I am about to go
to bed I didn't know with my family Hey
when is he not ever hungry that's okay
I person look I know you're oh my
goodness Kanna if he's gonna watch this
like when he's like 20 years old and be
traumatized for life did you know so
maybe the life isn't good there then a
cheeky face he actually went for it of
course feels right not I feel to be me
it's got a nice feeling oh I forbid you
from doing it again
this morning he loves it when I kiss him
yeah beer look like heroes
come here baby honey helping him every
time babe you just tried to milk him
hope you like hang on I love this bib it
goes all the way right makes him look
like a ghost look like a little goose
Oh
