look into my crystal eyes now your bowls
will be paralyzed this is one of my
favorite dishes stood Simon teal pork
and potato casserole made by Tim mom but
he heated it up I bet you're still cold
good morning everybody from chippy gate
morning everybody from dome oh look from
boat I don't know if you guys are
keeping up with the protests going on in
Hong Kong right now but so if that
things can be resolved without violent
means
I'm so sad today because eat is the
fishery leaves us this is our last day
and even though she's leaving just
packed little bikes so I can make em
healthy soup for my body to recover and
all I really need to do is just a pin
like you know the meat and vegetables
check me I thank you auntie Cathy for my
dapper outfit oh no no why so grumpy
once in the very good mood today and
very active the when I turned the camera
on he's like nope look into my crystal
life now your bow will be paralyzed go
home you wanna go walkies why I said
yeah that's the parking that gently
little walk yes yes she's telling chubby
that a yes you want yes yes this is our
last meal from Edith and before she left
she even like taught me how to cook a
few issues I'm just feeling so thankful
for her and you know I'm just switching
her all the best for next family she's
gonna take care of feel a little
emotional because eat of is leaving us
tonight
like even Isaac's crying they're my
mom's
ha
they're in MA
my daddy's on the Atlantic my tuna
tartar my dad to noob he eats it and
then he takes the selfie photo for a
classy restaurant
my dad is fully going on swearing mode
can you believe this lady has three
grandchildren this lady is a granny what
the like that three grandkids so lucky
first time meeting I think today and
also my dad I my dad here to hold him to
fight having four children he's so funny
look we got from a distance what do you
know don't yell a little bit for me or
you know tell buoyancy huh you're right
I don't recall yeah shark baby and his
mom is making us breakfast
it's been a tiring night so we're trying
to bathroom well actually when they
shine about fries your dick a lot like a
face oh he loves it why are you so
grumpy McDonald's has this new like
pok√©mon she fried things yeah chips and
then you'll put the bacon bits in and
then the cheese is like this which is
pretty cool but just like this so
anyways yesterday when we were at an
elevator and I got really crowded and
then like suddenly I noticed like there
was this file pungent smelling
atmosphere and when you've been with
someone for a while
you recognize their farts so even there
was easily like 15 of us an elevator
like for the entire elevator right I was
like because I knew it was tip and trust
him to blame on the baby like I shameful
you know when we got ever lived I was
like you should be ashamed of yourself
blaming your fart in your child I heard
the same and it's if you truly love
someone their farts will smell really
great to you I disagree
I'd like to meet this person and beat
this person because they're lying today
is such a stressful thing guys so
stressful that I an entire McDonald's
meal as you guys know and I also had an
ice lolly a base lolly always cheers me
up
but um yeah it's just oh my goodness as
you guys know like yesterday we have a
dinner and it was really nice but for
the entire evening I was so anxious and
nervous because it was my first time
going out the beat was my first time
going I properly to be honest I was
really excited about it I packed like I
thought we're doing great for the entire
car journey the baby slept but as soon
as we stepped our he was screaming
bloody murder and he wasn't supposed to
be hungry so quick but he just woke up
screaming because it was hungry when we
got to the restaurant like we fed him
the bottle right away and he like just
choked down and that was the big mistake
because we didn't bring enough bottles
of sin about two and the evening last no
longer the food took quite a while to
come and of course our starters there
was me Coors and then there was dessert
and I was worried it was gonna be cold I
was buried if it's gonna be warm I was
worried he was gonna be hungry I woke up
screaming
I was worried he needed to change his
diaper and it was a nice restaurant but
they didn't have like a place for us
changed in cyber so for the entire
evening I was just really anxious
intense though my mom was like Lindy
chillax
okay I just wanted to go home right away
so I didn't even have dessert which
doesn't make sense because everybody was
having dessert I don't know I don't have
it those are mean that we won't any
sooner
oh dear back sorry the young master need
to be changed but where was I yes I
didn't get dessert and that's a thing
because later on the night
I got hungry and did you hear when I
really happens because sometimes you're
the oh I'm really stuffed no thanks I
think I'll skip on the dessert and then
you get hungry and you're like why why
did I not be at the dessert and then you
go off into like five minutes off you
know depression and you question
everything about yourself
you're such an ugly little crier you're
just like mommy it's funny cookies got
no teeth
okay let's get it the little guys can
get oh this is a baa-baa baa-baa toys
from a seasick and uncle Mason we're
back from our one month and celebration
dinner for Isaac so thank you friends
and family for your gifts look at his
hands which together
looks like you've got like a master plan
excellent excellent
