hello everybody is Bub's so today I will
be filming my post partum update I'm
officially one one post partum and
speaking out one month post partum it
means that Isaac my son is officially
one month old alright let's talk about
how I feel my versus hai felt you know
first few days after giving birth in the
first few days giving birth I did not
look well at all obviously because as
you guys know I had to get an emergency
c-section in the end and you know when
it comes to sections it takes longer to
recover even though I did ends up
getting discharged from hospital earlier
because the doctor said I was recovering
really fast um the first few days giving
birth was not great at all
this is sarin itself wasn't bad it just
feels like a lot of tugging a lot of
pressure I remember just feeling very
nauseous very groggy during the
operation but the worst part is the day
after because the incision can hurt and
especially because I was so groggy and I
was constantly throwing up you know what
you throw up your your stomach kind of
goes and because you go it tugs on to
your incisions so yeah that was very
great whatever Rosie and I would throw
it back up and even when there was
nothing in my body my body would throw
bile and I was really supposed to just
rest in bed like the day after the
operation but because I really wanted to
go see my baby I kind of like force
myself to get up from bed and that kept
making me throw up
the day after I felt better and then the
day after I felt better on lying like
for weeks after the c-section I think I
feel pretty great my incision at least
the outside part feels like it's pretty
much healed obviously you know the
inside will take you know months and
months to recover but I think I feel
pretty good they're not moving on to the
first few days as parents it was dumbly
very challenging for Tim and I
we haven't really had much experience
with babies
honestly I'm quite friendly our oven so
we were like totally nukes at it I think
what I had was just a little case of
baby blues but I was just emotional I
was recovering from a c-section
I was sleep-deprived and it's a lot of
things managed together sometimes like a
lot of people just don't put it out
there about you know the trip of being
you know Brandon parents you know they
only show the kids pictures of how I
keep their babies are but the reality
was you know how a lot of like mommy's
like email me and just asking if I was
okay even though like I never put out
there that I was you know struggling you
know they just suddenly opened up to me
and told me that you know they cried for
weeks some part for months I pretty much
cried for the first three days so I
guess you know hearing about you know
these people crying for weeks made me
feel a little better so one thing that
all these mommies I'm told me was it
gets easier and you know one month on I
can definitely say yes it does get
easier when you get into a routine and I
sleep wise back then I used to meet like
at least in ours for me to function
properly
but now I'm lucky if I could even get
three hours for if I'm really lucky and
this is broken up to sleep throughout
the day by the way so what are here and
what are their and to be honest I'm a
little surprised that like you know I'm
dealing with this okay I have breast
feeding I think and he's a very very
hungry baby even my dual is like whoa he
has a huge appetite and you know I
brother him feed well then not feed well
and he pretty much needs to be breastfed
when I would say every two hours and I'm
average I feed him about 10 times a day
it takes me 45 minutes of one our each
time so he can imagine at the minds of
ours I spend moving him apartment being
him I find that it's difficult for me to
get other things done
it's very tiring and uses up a lot of
your energy and makes you sleepy it
takes up a lot of the day but you know
when I see just how chubby he's gotten
and just how healthy it is and you know
I know it is so worth it luckily for us
breastfeeding kind of
natural for us because if there's one
thing my doula told me was breastfeeding
shouldn't hurt I never ever needed to
use nipple bombs though neither one
everybody wants to know weight loss I
love you guys
are intrigued with just you know how
quickly and I seem to be leasing the
weight honestly like for five days after
giving birth I weighed myself and I was
already 11 kilograms lighter and it was
crazy because like my weight just
suddenly dropped off just like that
I was sixty-two kilograms you would end
of my pregnancy and I am like currently
49 kilograms even though my weight loss
is really quick at the beginning it's
definitely slowed I'd know and even
though I would love to exercise because
I just love exercising because it
centers me because on my caesarean I
can't do any exercise until six weeks
afterwards alright so this is my body a
one month postpartum so I'm wearing
black so you probably can't tell as much
but I still do have a little pooch on
this side you can see more clearly but
it's got a little pooch here see I still
have like this Linea nigra oh yeah so
I'm a by 4 to 5 kilograms from my
pre-pregnancy weight and you know that
will go off in its own time you know it
takes nine months for you to put that
weight on so don't expect it to just
suddenly go away overnight so be patient
guys I did not get so bummed out about
how you look after pregnancy
I remember today after giving birth and
I looked at the mirror and I have to
admit I did feel like a little horrified
my belly looks so saggy and you know my
linen nigra was still so dark especially
with c-sections it takes a lot longer
for your body to go back because they
cut through to muscle and all the layers
so what you'll find is your pooch kind
of hangs over your scar a little bit and
it doesn't go back the same way as you
do when you have a natural delivery of
course it's definitely worth it because
now we have Isaac and when he smiles it
just it just melts my heart during
pregnancy my ring still fit me
but right after giving birth my rings
could fit you know like what's happening
so turns out I just ended up swelling up
after pregnancy and my face just got
like kind of rind my fingers got really
puffy and that's the thing I buy IV drip
and you know your body floats in the
water retention so thankfully my fingers
my body my face went back to its normal
size so it's no longer swollen up the
weird thing was towards the end of my
pregnancy I was I can't wait to not be
prone but neither I've had the baby okay
that kind of Miss being pregnant but I
gotta say I love being able to lie on my
belly night you know before I was
pregnant I never slept on my belly but
these days I find myself lying on my
belly a lot more maybe because I can
mostly after giving birth through her
hair supposed to and just falling
more not the case of me yet I still have
a lot of hair and I think my nails are
still very strong again it could be due
to the fact that my doula cooks me very
healthy food so now I'm moving on to
Isaac and a little bit about him so
Isaac when he was born he was 6.6 so he
ended up not even being that big in the
end here is my little potato it's
getting so big look at the buns on him I
tried so I just had a lot a lot a lot a
lot of food I don't know what my drool
is just doing this to make me feel happy
but she says that Isaac is one of one of
the best baby she's ever ever looked
after though Isaac is definitely at they
read alert baby and you know we think
that he's gonna be a very clever child
for a newborn it's crazy how much neck
strength he has but he's always like
lifting it up and he has a big head lots
of smiles a lot and he smiles a lot into
sleep and he smiles when I sing to him
and he's Easter's are really good baby
he pretty much came out exactly like how
I predicted I predicted him to have my
eyes and Tim's moves he totally has a
double chin going on and he's got the
two buttons here his head looks squared
because his cheeks are so big
like when he's sleeping he recently goes
a and with the saber here and then he'd
go back to bed it's almost at the faith
going is anybody there
another thing is he knows how to burp
himself so after feeding in he's got a
lot of chopped hair he would like just
stood up straight himself to get the air
tight every day looking at him it just
feels like he looks different because
it's just growing so fast that was my
postpartum update guys again thank you
so much for just being there at the
beginning of the journey during the
journey and it's getting moving on to
the next chapter with me I love you guys
take care
