relaxes much thanks you that I'm clean
in clean clean clean clean clean clean
clean you can wash your hair you wash
your face you can take a shower but you
don't feel clean until you brush your
teeth breakfast time they remind me of
boobies you guys wanna know who it is
it's from not soon well here it says
dear Dendy congrats your baby boy is
filled ugly enjoy colors you will be a
stylish mum thank you so much Veronica
and truer more the packaging looks
really cool it looks like them kind of
reminds me of a bullet it's very sci-fi
looking so I look forward to testing the
side
can't see from the free okay so we have
a drumstick I looks like a a kicked
burger
and what's this oh ha ha ha chicken bite
what is it anxious mm-hmm I'm sure you
guys have singing girls because why
wouldn't have you remember a character
Karen as she called Karen butt and she
could predict whether it would rang her
not from her boobs it's just like I
think I'm gonna stick since I think I
had it to you guys I thought oh I
totally got six cents boost guys
seriously so whatever my boob gifts that
sticky feeling is like a look
I look at Isaac and I tell Tim that he's
hungry
and then within 10 seconds I'm not
joking guys but within 10 seconds he
cries for milk he cries for food I'm not
joking
we're totally synced together magic
boots this is Tim's mum meeting her
grandchild for the very first time I
miss you so much ha ha Joey Joey 6 love
me too mmm it's so clear in Mesa huh
what's he doing
you know the command oh hey would
actually stop so I got to get mom to
teach them doors
I guess bother you diff it's gonna look
at your eyes for a moment while we grab
some breakfast right I'm out of the
apartment
that guy's looking at you I don't care I
can stop for a bit not like carry on I
seriously think my arms or summer lately
can you guys guess why carrying an
8-pound baby piece are the only ones
green and pretty sky is all blue
collides are fluffy hobby it was
actually quite a big breakfast it feels
so nice to be out of the apartment after
staying over almost like a month other
than being in the park and for doctors
meetings so really get to be outside
again and hopefully I think and come
itoma soon so I picked these teeth up
today and I am going to dye my hair and
actually looked up it was safe for me to
dye hair while breastfeeding and the
side was fine and I don't know guys what
do you think should I go for apricot or
should I go forward champagne pink to me
this doesn't look pink to me but the
color looks pretty so either this color
or this orange II brine what do you guys
think what are you thinking cyclic cool
you Theo who are you get off me three
weeks of it
they're amazing good what do you want
what do you get
here we go
we like logistics is that
and you explain why and Chinese kids
Kipling do you think I you know under
your gum here I said you can haul my
health success health I come for my
happiness happiness harm from them come
at a better hurry I know Tina baby got
swag I obviously has to be naked
otherwise the things you're good haha -
thanks I guess I love my father Ganga
they're not easy January cuz it's a see
when you older you didn't wear them
check out my mom and not nightie so I
may be a spongebob oh yeah
the Chris chilling here like a king
that's my pillow just a knife who is not
ready for people to fight they just beat
a little it's all shiny people that
makes sense because that's what you
wanted to do otherwise I don't know yet
yeah right you said you wanted by four
in Hong Kong like this why did you want
to buy for four
so you can resell it like a chubby
sleeping on thirty logic if you lose
your tips please you nasty girl it is
not dirty she won't lie on it
