gee Phil you have a typhoon of warning 8
going off double skirt trying to find a
place to hide so scared that he could
win worth using and doggie treat
and not chubby I think you feel safest
in the kitchen perfect I just had this
sausage spot it was so good it is
absolutely delicious just eat it right
no already has a bit sharp of I like it
it is you talking about a fat half an
hour but something must be got it
hey hey through chubby night was it look
at the boots in over bigger dudes legs
babies fill a milk just like drunk look
at that head I know where he gets it
from he fill
changing fresh new do this me this is
and helping me look after Isaac for a
bit while I catch up on some chores or
I'll be nice and you guys can help me
like enchanted but they're like no do
you want to help
it's annoying thing about kdramas it's
all by flashbacks
it's fly through all of them so far I
still think the Taiwanese version is
better not something of my Korean dramas
five hours just watching them stare at
each other the two people have told me
that's a breastfeeding woman apparently
like the most beautiful because all that
oxytocin hormone being released and
likewise who said that unless like dark
circles is hot or not being able to wash
your hair or not showering looking like
a scruff ball in general Allah wouldn't
mind that trend just feel like I'm going
crazy because I haven't been exercising
in the past few weeks but um because of
the cesarean I can't really do exercise
until six weeks so we're three weeks so
we're halfway there
Gregory recommended me to shop an
elliptical dress link because she
mentioned it had like really cheap
clothing and it was really cheap but it
was quite worried about the quality so I
bought this from the website for like 38
Hong Kong dollars which is like a key
point it was like really really cheap
but it's not so bad
as you can see kind of longer at the
back and just just like a casual t-shirt
so first is just a casual striped
t-shirt a red wine color one with the
pocket and the sides
it's just something simple here's
another one's just a one-piece it looks
like true peace be nice if jeans this
one is kind of like a peplum top but the
shoulder she kind of goes quite low like
this also bought it in a green
version as well because I think for
screen looks pretty yes and then Isaac
has a really adorable like baseball
jacket and I want to match him I just
like pick the foot up hidden where his
one when he's three months old so it
means by then I can match him yes I'm
one of those mothers and here isn't
letter to one piece because I like my
mustard yellow wouldn't great taking the
dog side for a walk
I'm all sweaty for the first few days
when we Brides a comb I fell a lot of
guilt
I just want really guilty because I felt
like we were we couldn't give them as
much attention but there's such cute
doggie it was like oh there's a dog over
there and extroverted like what the size
of a perverted dog watch she does watch
the favorite daughter
you see over there Oh adorable is that I
guess Chihuahua I'm moving antisocial
for once in his life that's all it's
like be my friend
Oh tumble like here he comes again
Donald exact should be competitive he
ever once
summer would actually walk around a run
Chubby's like nope all pooped uh darn I
need to do two laundry so bad really
sorry guy said lately I haven't been
vlogging as often today was actually
really nice being able to be just tim
and i for like 20 minutes while edith
looked after and isaac even if it was
just like you know 20 minutes walking
two dogs
i feel like these days i just don't get
to like well i seeked him all the time
obviously but I feel like these days
it's just what happens is during the day
he would have to sleep because I would
need to sleep at night so he pulls in at
night so I feel like you know I miss a
lot during the day and of course we
enjoy having this little months to arise
but you know I also cherish just being
able to just touch up talk about what
he's been up to and you know what's in
our mind seem really nice thing about
having a baby is it really makes you
appreciate the little things then got me
series while he's sleeping and it just
made that something to do it's been like
forever since I played the simple lie by
it why live in reality when you can
control everything clapping nice girl
when people Issa pick on me and like be
mean to me I would make their character
and then do things to them and torture
them then when I had a crush on okay I
used to like build like they're some
factor and then like make them fall in
love with me
yeah so this is me Who am I kidding
yeah let's take them way back down I
still like to write little notes and
letters
to him and like I like to write little
notes and leave it around you know his
office and a kitchen just little things
that you know I like to do just to keep
the spark a little bit emotional just
wrote a letter Tim so I remember in high
school I used to always write to Tim and
I like you know I'm writing Tim again as
a wife and you know mommy so it makes me
kind of emotional
