hi chubby high up early to feed this guy
Perdomo when we don't sleep he doesn't
sleep oh yeah keep way to start the
morning with a good ol documentary I
love these your mellow breakfast of
course no one yours I have egg and sperm
at vermicelli
sandwiches good morning so what's the
morning person
what are you thinking up milk milk yeah
yes Chevy II joining us
somebody will let me fill him today
I wonder who actually managed to fill
him today and guess what guys I'm gonna
treat myself I am going to have a cup of
tea decaffeinated but still tea and I'm
also going to have a chocolate cake
mm-hmm notice tim is topless can you
explain to everybody while you're some
lay topless for no apparent reason cuz
he's got like you trashy TV shows like
my illness I am somebody's being
dramatic by it's spreading oh maybe it's
dry it's gonna probe all my body and
then we'll die where's my tea bags let's
talk about the fascinating things I
discover about babies it amazes me
something that's silly tiny kid burps so
lied like it's seriously echoes around
the house and when these do you like a
fart it's the longest wettest fart ever
ethics when it goes on for like ten
seconds I want to do that to pull the
biggest will they pull the best poker
face it's like it's not me speaking of
webpart
dirty I add something I'm get my tummy
feels funny heals like granny who is
better than no poo and if you think
about it it's actually kind of true
oh yeah yum yum yum I could finish it
you think about having a newborn is I
mean she appreciates little things in
life like ah like I don't even have time
to like go to toilet anymore and You
ppreciate little things like being able
to brush your teeth being able to wash
your face having time to take a shower
having time to eat I don't know why but
when i'm having cake i have to drink it
with tea it looks like you're eating
nature's saturday just flew by just like
that
you know sometimes before I let you uh
weekend weekends are pretty much the
same as weekdays for us except TV sucks
in the weekends I think is crazy
crying lots and just wanting to be fit I
think you're going through a growth
spurt Saturday night in with my baby
some things are bad message
nemesis week and I was like I've been
like sick of being stuck at home so that
he got me cream puffs you got me
Starbucks so there's like cookie cake in
there
cream cheese cause like I really like
cream cheese and crackers lately
I love Cretan Polk oh yeah let's try
this
mmm mango cream puffs why they boost
with still if there's something in a
toilet that doesn't belong to me can you
wash it off please do you know it's not
mine
those lawyers the big skid Rock I hear
cleaning them can you clean it you never
clean as a pin yeah without get more and
all the work I tell no one thing is fuck
you Scott let's quit sampling day to
look closely Peter he wants to me the
site of skid mark is worse than an
actual itself why high because it is
caused because it's smeared I'm tried of
I'm ducking it bugs me
oh I removed a bit more today your
disgust
do you mining up here I removed a bit
more in the st. mark this guy bugs me
but I love him so why I yeah I dunno
you're talking his what she hide it
so my jeweler says that Isaac's gotten
so big over the weekend I I knew he was
having a go spurt high chubby hi by the
way
this is a lifesaver this was a gift from
a subscriber and there's different
noises like white noise mozart ocean but
he loves a heartbeat one and also has a
projector but it's too bright and I but
you can kind of see 20 for dinner we
have fish and veggies oh thanks - yeah
awfully anybody off me I thought ye left
what happened it go I think it stopped
I've been calling you haven't been
responded I've never listened this is he
home it's gonna take you to realize this
little girl glasses what's that honey
I'm sorry I my name is Tiffany 13
weather is not good
typing signal 3 is up so they have a
warning for typing eat tomorrow
actually it's - 8 signal on TV yes
-
