normals I kind of helped took Isaac so
cute lick it's as if dissolves or on
baby duty
I feed Isaac every two to three hours
let's say 9 times a day at least an each
time takes about 30 minutes so 9 times
30 let's just say 4 to 5 hours so
someone is sucking my boob for like 4 to
5 hours a day these days that feels like
my boobs are just art all the time
because like you know feeding him every
like to me allow me miss I don't booth
him I Group him but yeah they're there
more than there are in some days like
why even bother wearing clothes my boobs
don't even belong to me anymore you just
got punched you gonna make up that
and the weaker Toby ah Thomas I kind of
helped took Isaac okay there we go there
we go okay I love how attached they are
well how he is to him anyway oh you're
so cute Elmo knows one thing when you
put spoil I am animals around the world
so today I received a package from
Stephanie from style Hall it just made
my heart melt let me show you guys check
it out it's a necklace with a little
heart on it this is Isaac and then the
other side it's time to mom on it hi
sweet I love it dad thank you so much
for such an amazing gift you really
shouldn't have
I know he's a to mini-me but call me
crazy I think he's starting to look a
lot like me smiling to himself again
he's such a happy baby
only you chubby fingers today is a day
to be mega spoiled not only that I
receive a package from my good friend
Sami from savage Tim also came back with
like another bike off your meal guys and
it seems like you guys sent in like
packages more than letters well you guys
you guys just don't listen to me about
your gifts first of all let's spin Sami
package so here we have I absolutely
adore New York back looks like yours
goodies inside
oh she filled it up with like lots of
leg makeup Wow a lot of these products
are products that I can't even get in
Hong Kong so that's so cool you have a
primer potion we have the eyeliner lots
of lip products this is a pretty color a
purple color and I thought you were just
spoiling Isaac you're spoiling me as
well pammi here is a seat back sounds
handy she didn't forget about this all
good well duh chica right guys Chiu
could I turn off Remy twirl for me twirl
for me to work for me okay twirl for me
twirl for me to world mm okay I'm kinda
dizzy not all these are so adorable
like little striped bodysuit oh let me
go peanut Oh cute Oh flip hi this is
cute night oh and here we have a little
strike one little whale on it it's so
cool that you pick stuff in different
sizes so thank you so much Sami this is
so sweet of you
since I am moving all the time I figured
it's good for me to like watch a drama
so I'm watching fated to love you to
Korean Persian and I've actually seen a
Taiwanese version and I really liked it
so I'm kind of excited to see the main
guy in Ming girl work together again and
of course the guy from your family book
Adie so once again guys thank you so
much for your letters and your parcels
so nice when you guys even send me a
postcard even when you're in holiday Oh
beautiful thank you so much and this one
from Mickey it's a little teacher for
Isaac says lock up your daughter thank
you so much Kelsey Anna Megan Mackay and
Ryan and the cat's word is adorable
necklace the have a little bunny on it
Martine if you're watching this I'm so
proud of you Wendy thank you so much for
your Muslim like it's a look so cute and
of course your candles I just have one
of those moments where I just looked at
people's Facebook profiles for a whole
are kinda makes me feel like a creep
there's not really stalking its Facebook
though right
I think he's so hot Susan Isaac's
gushing if you're gonna miss huh so this
is shared on my Facebook today what come
look Kim
what game
they can dance better than hi we will
ever people have done what say whoa whoa
flip me what what do you guys think
about being tickled being tickled it has
to be the worst feeling in the world yet
a mixture laugh how infuriating is this
because it's so ironic like being tickle
has to be the worst uncomfortable
feeling ever
no our team is always yours and I think
it worth money tickle D and end up like
jabbing me in the ribs
well Tim got some bikers for the grocery
store you can guess how much it is close
to the thousand two thousand I'll pay
you in cash okay but I like this I like
if you get it wrong you have to feel
like you do what have a baby for you
okay no game that just just yes so these
are in a hundred dollar notes hundred
Hong Kong dollars so judging by the
thickness $3,000 is that your final
answer
wait okay anything don't karna a hike on
it it's cheating
fuck the Torah thousand dollars what's
your fine ass $3,000 is that your final
answer
yeah did it
because so it look exactly you do is
change answer and flee well hopefully he
wants to change answer to it good what's
your final answer
$5,000 you can't change okay continue
hunting 4,000 you almost won $4,000
never have second thoughts guys
