hmm
a for breakfast we have video soon pasta
we have egg patties and hey this
afternoon actually got another flower
basket and this one's from Michelle so
thank you so much sweetie
ah so nice to have flowers in my home
ones just been fed my neighbor Tina yeah
this is how you make a burrito
all right make sure you get one I'm
gonna crap all right my little happy
volunteer yes and then up here all right
over shoulder neck across and then rock
this over when you get your happy little
spring roll one braid oh good to go
yo he's got some special sauce come on
we're having to fish to be fun
look if we just put a pair of glasses
over this guy it's - oh guy is so pretty
tonight it's been two weeks since my
caesarean so today I'm allowed to take
off the plaster so you both adore I'm
not gonna show you guys I just peeled
off this part Oh Tim can keep the
bandage as a memory of what his wife had
to endure for you was it my baby I know
what it's like after her having a baby
sometimes you might like a mirror you're
like whoa you're a big boy is that and I
know sometimes like for some it could be
a bit of a diner but you know for a scar
you look at like hey you know this is a
reminder that Isis it's the most
beautiful baby in the world I can tell
you for sure having a baby
absolutely tone your body you know like
your face gets so tired and everything
and it's okay you know it's very very
normal right now I'm still carrying
extra weight but you know it's okay you
know what matters is I'm healthy and I
may look a bit more tired these days
from lack of sleep but I'm still healthy
and I'm going struggle so I'm really
really thankful so don't worry so much
about things on the surface that's only
like halfway through this citroen period
under two weeks of the same is a part of
decided to listen to tadoule on the
parents and to stay home and like
recover my health
before I go outside evening would you go
outside it's just for doctor's
appointments we're so lucky when he has
to go outside in grocery shop I'm like
lucky lucky you Isaac can't leave the
apartment until one month is over I'm
not really staying on account right
environment it's not that I'm staying
home so my healthy burger actually it's
more like Isaac is not allowed to leave
the apartment for one month probably
stronger
yeah so obviously I have to stay home
we're halfway there guys only I got you
guys to keep me company as well so let's
just chill or watch TV we're anything
else shoot whoo
I think is watching Harry Potter just
woke up from I'm awesome nap tim is also
taking a nap too
when I'm feeding Isaac my doula comes in
to check up on you know why I'm dude and
like obviously Tim's asleep he doesn't
know yeah a couple times he's like
scratch his butt right in front of her
just quite funny like he's underneath
the covers are you scratching your butt
again
people I gotta buy an art part so I'm
just going to do a little bit of editing
don't worry guys cuz like to me editing
is therapeutic so whenever I have time
like you know I like doing it and you
know our vlogs are normally around 7
minutes I'm kind of spread across like
two three days
please don't worry guys I mean like our
hands are Phil's I'm looking after
babies so let's uh I think we're doing
pretty good um
so speaking of editing actually one
thing I noticed really in the comments
and I think it's because like you know
neither there's a baby in the family and
I started to get a little bit more
judgmental comments and you know like
most of you guys are great and I've
always took a pride that like you know
the people I comment in the blog videos
have always been really really sweet but
yeah we have been getting us in
judgmental comments and it's kind of its
kind of crazy because usually those
comments are from people who aren't even
parents in the first place especially
because like we're branded parents as
well so we're on a learning curve
normally I would really appreciate
criticism if it's constructive but some
of the comments are are like why why are
you wrapping your baby so tight can't
even move its body you're restricting
bone development and it's like hi it's
called smuggling and slowly makes a baby
feel secure because I'm mimics heart
felt like for them to be in the womb so
they sleep better
this is just a whole like bunch of
little things and I mean it is a little
bit of a shame
I guess you know we don't really take it
to heart at the same time because we
just kind of focus on why we do and you
know what matters is you know we know
that we're doing the best that we could
and sometimes people watch a video and
it's like a few minutes long and
it's kind of like a highlight reel and
you really don't know what happened he's
like behind everything right and just
people can just judge and make
assumptions by the way I also want to
say that I can still love you guys stick
up for me in the comments of where
people are being a little judgmental so
I want to thank you guys so much I guess
the best way to deal with it is to not
deal with it so just just ignore them
thank you for being so supportive and
just hi being my little angels apologize
guys is literally like the vlog has been
like a little boring for you guys it's
all my baby baby baby and you know I'm
I'm at home because the doula is on the
weekends I'm tempted to go by it even
more like a meal light side
