or I won't be dreaming but is this
burning it's all so good okay okay okay
but on my face I guess it means you're
the boss
Luke Tim's getting better at swaddling
and me wake up I'm hungry I see baby you
see me ah
so hard to believe that he's like
week-old already time things are
definitely getting easier last night I
think I managed to get well old broken
sleep but um I got through you're asleep
again I feed I think every two hours
ah breast feeding is serious business
guys so I really like some the clothes a
seamless website but like the only
problem is it's all in Chinese so it's a
little difficult for me to shop it all
this stuff is so cute and it's called my
dress comm crazy how much he looks like
Tim come believable fight it try to
fight it well my mum about double chin
so today we're happy veggie and chicken
some Oh get into the middle Nick we
developed a sign language seriously
sometimes I'm like what Tim found you
guys great-grandchild
give me do you feel my heart beating do
you understand
do you feel the same or am I only
dreaming but is this burning any turtle
can't believe this actually works
McDonald's breakfast and delivery so
today Edith is off cuz it's a weekend
she's gonna tell me off machine it was
I'm eating this we need it I hit this
stuff do you know you don't like harsh
Barnes what's wrong so you don't like
cake you don't like ice cream you don't
all right get over the law stuff I don't
like but me anxiety
you should tim is a bite - give me my
push present and I said I don't want
jewelry anything so let's see what it is
Oh what is that that looks like a fell
crow wallet Debbie M to be vocal Pima
BMW Qadri shirt is enough for yourself
becoming a pockets a house you got
meself something with Velcro in it there
you go
come on seriously are you from by how
long is it gonna cook look you got me a
camera honey right cuz I mentioned that
I would like a nice log in Hamburg so we
can take pictures all that I cut open
present yay I think doesn't have a
birthday is more like happy removal day
just when I thought my hi problem was
over after having an Isaac I have new
and this is caused by the hormones
released from breastfeeding you don't
get to sleep all day oh you don't like
this all new he's cringing for me and
someone seeing the poop yep
let it out you can do it oh so I think
it's finally in there
hello so I'm just gonna grab some sleep
I realize I'm trying to run on three
hours sleep a day was just just wasn't
working on so not following the books on
baby sis I think when he's not feeding
he's sleeping
and when he's sleeping I'm sleeping so I
really haven't been getting up too much
guys so um so thank you guys were just
being so patient what was a lot of you
guys something telling him what I did to
take it easy and you know don't worry
about walking and that just means so so
much to us like you guys are just being
so considerate for us for getting into a
routine so that's so good but it's a
really big baby he feeds really well and
when he sleeps he really keeps a little
like when he feeds he really but even
our doula says that she found a massive
appetite yeah I'm just gonna grab some
rest night I'll talk to you guys later
I'm sorry the flocks have been coming up
slow but you gotta know to just actually
felt really bad for two dogs because I
felt like they weren't kidding
you know much attention but they've been
really good reading through some of the
comments a day I'm like somebody wrote
why are you pumping yourself like go
cuddle your baby I'm like really you
know like we spent the entire day
looking after the baby and I can't even
spend 40 minutes giving myself a facial
massage like really the fact I know we
got my surprise I was like oh I got me
turns out is from nume so thank you so
much guys what a nice surprise
I know spring roll is currently getting
fed and Tim's ready to do his night
shift very charming very very very good
tune on you ohyeah currently t a.m.
morning wifey some laundry charge today
you look too comfortable on my pillow
let every THD morning the exercise is
morning excerpt Oh trying to stretch
again it's like you
you
