he's the boss wearing little cute
onesies excited Hong Kong do you like it
here
I think the Chaffin in Hong Kong do you
want to come back again
are you excited a chubby and dumb Oh are
you just saying yeah he's the best boy
it's the best girl who's the boy do you
love her
whoa be careful who careful silly take
the boss Lana the boss actually thought
the last meal I would have at home
before flying would be sushi sushi but
actually fish noodle we're waiting for
food one of the waitresses goes hey have
you seen a little baby girl on the other
waiter was like oh it's a girl I just
load this picture my mum commented that
looks like three brother we're here at
the airport please be good to us today
Lala please be good
pretty much right away
see all the people sitting on the chair
do you know what they're waiting for
yeah surprisingly it was a very smooth
flight those 12 hours weren't too bad
one more flight to go landed safely in
London and just using the lines I just
felt like the guy with her I saw him
like very cynically sneak one packet of
crisps Tim is so open
he's not even embarrassed happy see
tumble again you need a haircut Somalia
back home so many laundry to do
currently 2:00 p.m. but it feels like I
feels late and Hong Kong I would be 9pn
remember looking at the clock this
morning and it was 9:00 a.m. I'm by
10:00 I already did a three batches of
laundry as you can see the kids are
quite tired already
laughs are magical guys this little one
is dealing with jet lag jet lag with
each other and the baby just grown so
much morning since then so chat like
anyway I caught up Richie some work good
morning everyone welcome to art day the
Mac home for about 3 days nights it's
just taking us a bit of time to settle
and just trying to get the kids back in
the time zone boy and mainly yes deeper
ha ha
look at today's weather is super duper
good me and depressing but make happy
because our holo fresh box came in this
vlog is in collaboration with hellofresh
live you guys don't know if i hella
fresh basically they are a food
subscription service so it did deliver
fresh ingredients straight to your door
when we were in Hong Kong we and
constantly and as great as it was my
bucket lists were food kind of plateaued
by the end of the trip what Tim and I
really really wanted was a home-cooked
meal for me what I really don't like is
fighting what to cook special and I
would have a baby in a toddler
it's just that much trickier to go out
to go grocery shopping I enjoy cooking
to me it really is like therapy but the
problem is I really don't know how to
cook a lot of dishes
I shouldn't say he get the step-by-step
instructions that you can save handy and
keep it into a little file take about
three minutes to prepare each meal and I
believe they work so actually at like
less than $10 per person should we make
tasty chicken wraps or herby sausage
bonus or sweet potato cottage pie to
make it really interesting tonight Tim
is actually going to be the one cooking
I don't think you guys have ever seen
Tim cook ever and that's because usually
he you can make ramen noodles boil eggs
no excuses tonight because he's got the
full instructions here you're gonna see
are our ingredients bomb as it is chef
Timmy in the house oh really
I think that's pretty cool is they
actually only give me the exact of my
thumb gradients because sometimes when
you cook a meal you buy all this stuff
and then cook your meal and then you're
left with this excess of products that
kind of gets wasted so I'm this make
sure that there is minimum waste also
because I am a breastfeeding mom and we
have a growing boy
each meal of Hiller fresh is actually
refuted by a dietitian to make sure it
is nutritionally balanced honestly just
a little lifesaver for a family in terms
of keeping us healthy in terms of
convenience with zero compromise so
thank you so much to hold fresh I'm
actually really really excited usually
I'm the one that cooks I use like two
day daddy's cooking or gonna try daddy's
cooking today do you think it's gonna be
nice hi today people we shall make this
Kirby a sausage of all neighs oven Oh
something which would partake in most
people two minutes took me about ten hey
my first time so I like freshly cut
cross do you know what that is yes
control tower look at how's that look
Lionel mana flavor and smell is piping
right through and it smells delicious
ona's is officially ready to be served
okay milk it
ethically it looks pretty good let's see
if it tastes as good as it looks really
good really good good hmm very fragrant
are you part of yourself oh yeah that is
probably the best bull neighs I have
tasted in a long time I would have been
offended for him to say that the best
bull Nez he's tasted in a while but
honestly I agree too
if you guys are interested in $30 off
your first week of deliveries visit
hollow fresh calm on these promo code
Bub's 30
