sometimes I just look at him mr-go
Metapod go you just go harder harden
then veneer didn't so I just had another
solid three hour sleep Oh cute little
hopefully some wake up please a week
these few days have been tough and I
have to admit I have a new respect for
all the moms and daddies I there and
never what I thought there would be a
day where comes where I would think
having three hour sleep is an
accomplishment you guys remember the
times icicle singing about giving 23
hours sleep and I like three hours sleep
is like Glenn Thibeault from a toy for
in first few days I cried every single
night guys it is a big change and I was
just dealing with you know trying to
cover from a c-section and I had like a
postnatal emotions and I wasn't getting
sleep and you just everything together
just make me feel so I feel so guilty
for saying this but there were moments
where I kind of looked at Isaac with
resentment and I'd be like what is wrong
with you any chip Adobe needs 180 days
old and it's not his fault so we're just
trying to understand each other in ions
he is a good baby
he has of an amazing so please continue
to be patient with us as we figure out a
routine to get things going so far I
have lost 11 kilograms in just like six
days you and the leaves all have in
kilograms half of babies no miss King
yeah you can Sophie I have like a little
little picture here but that will go
down in its own time I'm not a hurry
soma was still very a touch the peanut
chubbie so happy because I think that's
been feeling a little neglected
so Tim Wanda and got them a big bag of
chewy boom right they know they know
it's for them
good nice subtle surprise today from the
little boy that we sponsor look at
everybody check out Tim's eye it
actually looks a lot better today is
what tiredness those
I get those things I know sometimes I
just look at him mr-go Metapod go you
just go harder harden then the year
didn't but harder did it here it was not
very effective
oh watched too much Pokemon right boys
leave me boy why won't you go to sleep
sleepily sleepy boy you're you're
keeping me up that should be our sole we
watched too much friends a little bit
you never look so delicious
my little Tamil is the best it's like 3
o'clock open Timman chubby our sleep
Adamo's really protective over Isaac
well I'm sitting there like just beating
him he sits next to me and keeps me
company when I have soup I like to give
some of the leftover and me Angus is
healthy for them and they love it come
I'm generous I back she sounds really
wrong but yeah yeah
Hey good morning guys it is a beautiful
day today
zip today is the 5th of September which
is supposed to be my due date and I
finally took my picture which is a forty
weeks so it goes from four weeks all the
way till 40 weeks I look so tired lately
guys I don't know if you guys can see it
like well I can do is it so like I'm
using this method to really help to
drain my face from toxins and swelling
and dark circles so and you don't have
one of these things you just use one of
those ceramic like Chinese spoons and
then you just go and drain it the ladies
if you want that like base ship and just
massage it so just make sure you don't
use this on like just clean skin you
need your face to be lubricated so it's
smooth and you don't even get a like a
like a tool you can just use your hands
to help you like really massage the face
as well it's really normal for your face
like a little red afterwards because
that's just the blood circulation but it
will go away
we got dark circles you just go an
orbital bone and just press on the
pressure points to drain the blood today
eat a Vietnamese soup using sweet corn
and apple and the apple is to help my
appetite um come back the sweet corn is
going to help minimize the swelling of
my body because after pregnancy your
body swells up a lot during pregnancy my
rings fit me but after pregnancy it
didn't fit me because of the swelling
every time there's food you appear out
of nowhere
hey that's my pillow honey wake up wake
up we go we go to be healthy I yep keep
going just keep going
reading needed cooks sheep it's a
thought it's packed full of poutine and
because I lost a lot of blood this is
going to help me regain it of course
everything she kisses healthy which is
good for me but it's also awesome
because she's helping the weight drop
off they'll meet the bride but I'm quite
the swaddler look at my little chubby
spring roll this larger he loves it so
fitting April and Justin juiced and
afterwards when he's done with it this
makes a great doggy bit it's time to
share my daily gratitude again because
it's been a while since we did not and
I'm gonna do that while I pump her my
face because yeah I need it I'm very
very thankful for edith as you guys
remember i was very reluctant up by
hiring a postnatal doula I only really
hard one because my mum and my
mother-in-law really wanted me to get
one since they're not around to help us
settle with the new baby and we're just
so pleasantly surprised and like it even
wasn't there I feel like we'll be so
clueless and she's just been wonderful
her main concern is bringing me back to
help by cooking me three meals a day but
she does also give me a lot of really
really good advice and look after baby
but what makes me most thankful for her
is just she well mentally she makes me
feel so much better so I'm so thankful
for Edith and I'm so glad we have her so
you guys will see her quite a lot over
the next month and she's basically here
from a.m. to 6:00 p.m. and you know
she'll weekend's secondly of course I'll
thank Allah for Tim because he's just
been really wonderful I think what I
need the most from Tim is mental support
the first two nights we were so tired to
even like talk to each other and a
really really upset me so on the third
night we both just cried it I just
hugged each other and we just promised
each other that no matter what you know
we'll always have time for each other it
will always be loving
that's fairly really thankful for my
dogs because in a while I'll turn adapt
to Isaac and there's so much of it Isaac
that I'm still learning for me I felt
good because I could still control the
dogs and you know I just feel like they
were very empathetic towards my hormonal
emotions and like damos was always there
to hug me and Tibby was always there sit
around so I'm really thankful by the way
if you guys are wondering what this is
this is just like a face toner and
because my dark circles I've been so
intense because I won't even getting
like three hours sleep a day
hopefully this will minimize my darks
our hope a little bit although already
feels like amazing alone just doing this
it just feels so nice to take 15 minutes
out of your day just to give yourself a
nice beauty treatment because can
deserve it so we got like a lot of
stress from work with school give
yourself a facial mask or something
