I'm holding on my finger it's a lion
your bed at the end of the day now I
want to miss money buy maternity
underwear so I just stuck with my same
stuff and I would say that 80% of them
have holes in them like holes everywhere
but then I get so attached because you
guys know I Ford my panties so I don't
want to throw them away but I really
should
but I won't you guys are lucky you don't
need to wear underwear
you should go free bowling all over the
world yesterday I got these like weird
feelings in my belly and liked em some
of them is like a slightly sharp sting
it wasn't sore but it's like something
that's shot and it was like no way I
kind of cool labor yet I need sleep so I
would do better than those hoping I'll
get some sleep if it really is labor so
means like if I need to push I'll have
energy and then I woke up it was away
I'm starting to get it again right now I
hate almost bored she wants trippy to
play with him
Carrasco Donald I'm just eating some
pineapple because supposedly that it's
supposed to do something
who knows they're gonna be our last meal
all together before Isis arrival how do
you feel honey anyway Nick that's our
beef burrito let's look at our face of
enjoyment
the carbon she is eating without me
Minnie's favorite well my favorite is
all the farmed ice creamsicle
trying to get this baby out naturally
before the induction date advising helps
and you seen a pregnant lady that's this
energetic but sounds like so near the
end here this one's effective but it's
not very pretty
rotate your hips and do small circles we
go then it get bigger I'm bigger I'm
bigger or your grill I don't want
anything like this and you push through
the air you can pop again ready to the
jumpa diet okay yeah one weird pregnant
maybe you're just jealous you don't have
my energy yes I'm very jealous I think I
pulled a muscle guys oh hang one have a
stop
it's 4:00 in the morning and we have to
this by 7:00 I kept going off somewhere
spoofs awake about 6:00 ended up not
sleeping so we're just going to grab
some breakfast before heading to
hospital hopefully I can sleep there
here's I'll be staying here for today
all right Rico see here occupied so I
got myself
turns out they're going to induce me
like right now instead of like tomorrow
so that was a shock and sucks cuz Tim
can't be here Madison's going to be
injected in here I actually have like I
so regret not sleeping guys I just hope
I have energy so it's currently 11
o'clock so they're going to see if
there's any space in the labor ward
so I fees not in the labor ward -
trying to get some rest first you're
broke my water I think there was at
least one liter of water are you excited
he's scared how's your conjunction pains
coming but he's really high and for my
body mass it was far too much to leave
those with each easily dilated I was
contracting everything stuff so on
episode 8 kind of time to six is from
twelve to six from North Green because
like babies hearts of fifty well they
don't a risk if they give me one last
chance of jumping through your time and
if ever if I'm not dilated then that
they're going to
are you feeling a bit you look a lot
better than like four hours ago I think
I had like a pretty-looking pain
tolerance but I was just
you
the morning-after - c-section I really
wasn't feeling good and luckily some
came to visit me and I just remember
throwing up all the time and my incision
was sore but I just wanted to eat to get
energy so I can see my son right away I
think I was just like fever so he's
currently being he's in a little well
it's not an incubator yeah
Lindy's first time seen baby how do you
feel good
he's fine
there even the nurses and doctors say
he's safe anything stuffy nauseous you
okay I'll be like Barney Michaela quick
he's breathing oh God
good Isaac don't worry guys there was
nothing really majorly wrong with Isaac
he was just a little weak I need to get
stronger first boy I just hated that he
was alone in the little box and he was
all wired up and I felt really guilty
leaving him by himself
no crying this time at least look at his
hairline I just noticed oh baby sleep
rages always holding on my finger little
feet
it's enzyme emitter Dean only so I feel
really tired starting to hit me my and
rings it hurts a little bit I'm gonna
grab some rest and I'll talk to you guys
soon
what are you guys so I'm feeling a lot
better today
it's amazing what like brushing your
teeth but washing your face can do for
you so woke up a little emotional today
because some I got jealous of all the
mothers we've got to like you know sleep
next to your babies feel a lot better
today my catheters also no longer
walking around with eggs like this
pricing Lee hospital for this quite nice
I need to eat up so I get lots of energy
for Isaac today since busy today so
he'll be up later so after about two
days which actually feel like forever to
me I got to carry my baby boy for the
first time mmm-hmm is to what they say
when you carry your baby for the first
time you know there's no one else you
can love more looks like we have fish
mmm this is pickle and rice so he'll
feed you he looks like me nothing like
me right let's go my nose got the
trademark and he knows who will have to
say reclined beds are pretty sweet one
thing that's really cool about hospitals
is when you poop or or fart the doctors
and nurses are really happy and they
like celebrate with you
yes my Isaac breaks my heart just
supposed to be leaving with a baby
I'm sorry I think you can come home
today
oh nice and good for you like why mine
pink
welcome see tomorrow
I must eat it you can have the honors
Luke please home
I honestly cried only home because I
miss my baby so much but luckily for my
dogs careful careful
it was so good to come home to my dogs
and I really felt their love but that
night I made sure I wanted to pump some
milk cuz I can bring you to hospital
every day until Isaac is whole of us
happy and makes me happy puppy Oh
morning guys
so today I have good news so Isaac was
supposed to come back on Monday because
um he still needed to get his something
blood test results but Sunday at the
lobster supposed to be close but to take
a phone call and they said that he can
go home today so I'm so excited to bring
him back I don't want him stay in
hospital any longer and I just want to
say I'm just really sorry that's like
eat up and still um you know emo didn't
expect the birth to go perfectly but it
really did go haywire you know and you
know they over dosing me on the pitocin
and you know that lady needs to get a
fever and in leading Isaac the a fever
as well and him having Britton problems
and then him having to stay in in
computer and like a whole different
floor me being in the maternity ward
full of mothers next to door baby I mean
I was really thankful I can still like
visit him and visiting ours but I just
felt really guilty you know because I
want this to be able to like you know
did breastfeeding and I was like
watching mothers get taught by the
nurses how to take care of their baby
how to swaddle and I couldn't get that
nobody guided me how to like breastfeed
and so but luckily I took Isaac to
corner we just hope for the best
unluckily it kind of came natural for us
and easy you got it and of course I me
going home without a baby and ten
bringing a baby back to collect me and
open why did you put the baby back if we
can't bring him home and I cried all the
way home because I just felt so guilty
using him in the hospital it's just been
such a roller coaster of emotions guys
and have been hard with the emergency
c-section as well and like this morning
it was so sore guys I don't know if they
meant to like not give me painkillers
for my incision but I woke up an hour
so much pain because the girl I felt
like discharged before me
I heard the nurses give her painkillers
so I kind of thought okay in my
prescription there will be pain killers
but like when I got home I realized
there were no pain killers only
antibiotics but um but luckily I've been
taking panadol and that's been helpful
my goodness so I just want to thank you
guys just for being so supportive my
eyes are still kind of swollen from all
the crying but um I'm feeling good
you
