are you ready got me a what do you call
this like a power bank mobile charger it
fully charges my phone three times so I
can use this in the hospital because
apparently they don't always have an
outlet for me to charge my phone so this
would be handy and even when I go out my
phone always runs out of battery
and I hate it yeah it's pink if he's
currently 4 a.m. I actually got the bed
around 11:00 I was twisting and turning
and for some reason I couldn't lead to
like doodle o'clock so yeah I got money
to get to our stick this is so weird
because like I haven't really been
sleeping for how much like in the past
two days I probably had like three hours
sleep and then like the dates for I've
been getting like maybe two or sleep a
day but my body's like used to like not
getting much sleep you slightly pass a
tired feed like II just you know we had
up getting used to
good morning guys so today I'm in a
really good really got some sleep for a
moment I was starting to think maybe I
don't need sleep but then turns out
sleep makes you feel really great really
really great well a few days ago I did
some shopping on a website called yes
style and I just figured okay now that
I'm near the end of my privacy
I think I can start shopping for clothes
again why because I just got so sick
awareness a maternity clothes the
clothes I got are miss pitching tops
because I figured you know I probably
won't get back in shape so quick anyway
but I was just excited to get some new
clothes anyway this one is just a stripy
top but it's loose as you can see and
then in the shoulder area and also in
the arms it has a lace detail
who's combining floral with stripes and
it looks pretty cute
on and then I got this shirt the top has
a grid detail that's kind of like
translucent at the top which which is a
very simple design but I think it looks
pretty cool oh I'm wearing one of them
and this is just like a green and long
shirt almost kind of like a dress and
then the sleeves are kind of like poofy
and frilly and then you tie on the edges
here we have another purple one actually
a lot of these are like a slightly like
other crochet really things so this
one's kind of like a purple one and then
you just button it I managed to film two
videos a day I'm trying to film as much
as possible I can take my time editing
them but I know the looming might get a
little bit tricky when Isaac gets here
today it's a 23rd which is two days
before Tim's 28th birthday and we're
going to do an early birthday
celebration gluten and cool thing is
usually Tim Oni celebrates his birthday
just him and I but this year we're gonna
do it with friends and he's actually
sleeping right now I cuz I'm get this
guy's he was in a 10-hour Skype call but
to this guy friends I guess men can talk
ah such a nice day so nice when friends
hang out together
accept the message the Lingga target
Chevy's are happy about Tim boy night
I'm all ready to play tennis crazy
creepy heat
good luck Tim yeah I don't need look
first of all I wanna thank you all for
nominating me with this ALS bucket ice
bucket challenge we're all doing this to
raise awareness for ALS so please
remember to donate via ALS org normally
didn't nominate three more people to
continue challenge i nominate one of my
best friends kim chen my sister-in-law
april sighing and also much healthy
buddy
and Phillip Lee ice what this oh yeah I
can't really use this because I might
okay make me my head lead this is my
heart all rounder great life nice okay
let me know anything that's cold enough
oh it's cold enough so yeah guys are you
ready
please remember to donate the ALS a org
it is past midnight and Tim is 28 and
we're gonna spend his 28th birthday
taking the dog side why God boy so how
does that feel to be 28 Oh
what good can you guys believe this
guy's 28 bet you guys that's almost
gonna poop within 10 seconds starting
now ten nine eight
there we go seven six five four three
two one see I know my dog guys I love
the little stunts that they do
it's so cute is a weird I really love
watching dog's poo my mom called me
today just to like ask oh I'm ready for
like the 28th giving birth trust her to
be all yeah you're doing below is gonna
like stretch really big when you're
pushing and it's gonna hurt a lot I'm
gonna feel like a lot of burning and I
was like thanks mom thanks that's what
you needed to hear
you'll be fine dip nice treat I got
Japanese cheesecake cheese good cake
good Japanese cheesecake very very good
pretty day you know we're in yet shape
or a tree so I bet it'll be close done
we're renovating it stool is such a
ribbon it's like fifty five dollars each
way it's the most expensive total Hong
Kong yay so it's actually opened today
and the Harley this place is mainly
known for the chicken and bike racks
honey so we're gonna let the waiter
actually pick the dishes for us because
we have no idea how to order Yardbird
was pretty darn cute guys so I'm done
recommend it someone's playing sweep
keeper again I believe this guy's 28 we
just had a nice casual dinner and
afterwards we just want to do some
grocery shopping you know we're not fuss
about doing anything too special I'll
put the DNA everybody
