hello everybody its flops welcome to my
week 38 pregnancy vlog yeah this is
gonna be the last one guys I can't even
believe that we're so close to finishing
line and this privacy just flew by have
you guys watched my previous vlog you
guys would already know that I am
getting induced on a 28th of August and
today is a 23rd so only 5 days to grow
but I'll talk about that later so for
not let's check up on the process of
baby Isaac the butter butter butter
butter butter ba ba ba bada ba it's kind
of sad knowing I won't be checking my
baby ups to see how baby's doing cuz you
know he'll be right there
okay so baby is approximately 19 inches
long from head to heel and weighs
approximately 6.5 to run seven Pines
he's already full-term and believe it or
not your baby may have taken his first
boiled movement boom for my doctor's
visit yesterday I weighed myself and I'm
currently 62 kilograms so my wit gain is
actually slowing dying so the doctors
did a detailed analysis authorized its
ultrasound because IgG and all just time
for exam to assess if you know the baby
is really that big or if I have a lot of
amniotic fluid so they concluded that
the big is is not that big he is bigger
than average but it's not like ginormous
and they were just concerned because of
my small frame and you know your
amniotic fluid is divided into pockets
and I have like one pocket where I just
have extra food so that's why you know I
have slightly bigger baby and also I
have
food in my baby so that is why my belly
is so big they're inducing me at 39
weeks so I feel a bit better by that I
feel like he's more cooked than and they
just don't want the baby to hit filter
because they don't want baby to get too
big it would mean so much of you guys
pray for us and just pray for a smooth
safe delivery even though I am supposed
to get and do some 20 I am trying to
trigger the labor myself because I hear
that induced labor is slightly more
difficult because the contractions are
stronger and it come across like faster
so if I could go into labor naturally
that would be great so unless a week's
time is going to go from this to this
symptoms what I've I have been
experiencing from the past couple weeks
of it's definitely been like pretty
tough you know first trimester easy
second trimester easy third trimester
8'o spoke too soon the third trimester
was definitely pretty tough for me there
was the extremely excruciating pelvic
pain and you know there was like really
horrible back pain but they don't
compare to a new symptom that I ended up
getting which is called a polymorphic
eruption of primacy it happens in by 1
in 300 women and it especially happens
more common for ladies who are carrying
boy babies I just started to get these
hives rushes and blisters I start off
with my family person it's not just
itchy it's like an excruciating itch
it's like it's usually a point you just
you just go to your friends you know
we shiver so much because it's so itchy
and usually I'm very Gator scratching
but actually had to cut my nails I can
scratch so much and yeah ended up
spreading all the way down my hips only
time I died and even like slightly my
arm II gotta say I was absolutely
miserable on a good day I would be
getting maybe two hours sleep a day cuz
the hives and rashes are all over the
back of my legs but I couldn't sit or
lie down because once the skin is
restricted it just goes crazy and it
comes up and lot of bumps and goodness I
feel a lot better now after getting some
you know good creams and special
plastics to soothe the itching when I
wake up it's like a lot of pressure in
my daughter little area and almost feels
like babies by the fall light it's just
this shooting pain died balloon I mean
it doesn't hurt like you know so much
but it's like whoa the past few days
I've also experienced a minor cramping
sensations in my abdomen area and
usually I don't get a lot of Crump's I'm
guessing this may be my body just
preparing for labor my Braxton Hicks
contractions are definitely getting
stronger it's also weird because Maya
I'm approaching the end I'm suddenly
getting these new cravings so at the
beginning of my pregnancy I did not
really want to eat eggs and now I'm not
reaching the the end of it I suddenly
always want eggs all the time and I love
eating tofu suddenly out of the blue in
terms of fetal movements he really is
supposed to be slowing dying because
it's getting cramped but at the moment
just still the same likes happening I
mean yesterday they were trying to
monitor his heart his heart rate to see
if it's safe or you know the induction
but because he kept moving around they
couldn't get a good reading
he's just non-stop throughout the date
so I'm kind of worried like when he
comes like I'm wondering is he even
going to sleep
so right now you know I guess tymberlee
ridges we ask each other do you think
Isak gonna look like gee he's gonna look
like me he's gonna look like you so I
feeling Isaac's gonna look like his
daddy
um but usually they say boys and I'm
looking like their mom and all but mmm
I'm really imagine me looking like a guy
tell me if I think we're to look like me
he probably looked like my little
brother Ricky was also blessed of
everything I might but I feel like life
has really spoiled us so just knowing
that we're gonna shift all of our focus
into another little person it just
really overwhelms me sometimes even
though I'm really looking forward to it
I'm also scared because obviously I've
never done anything like this knowing
that things might shift a little bit to
scare me and then I don't know one day I
just hit me up no matter what and then I
will always always have each other and
that made me feel so so much better and
like I said you know I just had to stop
focusing on what I'm gonna miss and
focus on what I'm going to gain it's
dead my kind of emotional to know that
tonight we only have another like four
days off just him my time don't cry yeah
we're just going to really cherish it
and as much time as possible together I
know like the day's coming up some be
even better
know before one thing that always kind
of bothered me a little bit was even
though I was so thankful for your
pregnancy and you know we're so excited
like a baby I was I was a little bummed
I thought you know we felt pregnant so
early and at our age I'm only like four
or five months in but then you know we
just recently celebrated our one-year
anniversary so you know just being able
to have one whole year of my life Tim
and I just made me feel a lot better and
you know obviously before that we had 10
years together and I already feel very
lucky and blessed because not everybody
gets that before having a baby and I
think we had enough
I'm like in a one-on-one lately I really
think that I'm going to really enjoy
being a mommy so will my further edgy
let's show you guys my belly shot for
the last time it's gonna make me cry
again so this is Isaac at 38 legs all on
this glory before we see him next week
in my arms nice tears where I have to
stop every day someone else's me if I'm
not expecting the twins so this is from
the sound then front knee and other side
and I don't know if you guys can see but
my rashes is definitely a lot better
which I'm but really thankful for I
think I hope I made a good home for you
I will see you soon bye Harley I just
want to thank you guys again just for
being so amazing you guys have just
given me so much support and I feel like
you know you guys just have no idea how
much I lean on you guys wish me luck
guys take care and I shall see you very
very soon
