I don't know actually thinking maybe
they're cross I can tell maybe I'm
overreacting ovary acting do you get it
sorry I haven't been up there lately
guys moment has been happening parking
just you know me dealing the Russia's
accession yeah I have my button there
Rick good yeah that's how I've been
spending my past day Stephen Chow movies
is just classic you just cannot get
bored of it
then some really really good and making
me fresh homemade fish tofu soup so per
third person so here we have the
finished product and got a tofu potatoes
and the tomatoes and the color should be
Melky as you can see mmm yummy and I
have a frozen bag of peas or where my
thighs are it looks a bit better today
already at the commotion in it so um I
think it's speeding
nope see it there there see that OOP
oh here yes
come to me yeah it through it
excellent excellent that's how I feels
good to have a pet sometimes giving up
my dogs if they don't care if he got
morning breath either oh okay but she
does care
spread me a pioneer responsible for
ruining quite a few people's lives
you're suggesting they have to download
this game is it that good today actually
receive samples of my bracelet today I'm
hoping to show you guys but not lie to
but the majority of that I really really
like it we just need to make some
changes you it cooks like abdomen I'm a
bit of a diva in terms of like this
bracelet project because I just wanted
to be perfect so I want to make
something that's affordable but it looks
great so I just I just set the back
email on like the things that I want to
change so I don't know how they're going
to take it I just hope they're going to
be understanding and support of what
this it's so pointing at it I'm like 70%
very happy with it I'm very happy with
the materials that they use I have a
question for you guys after neat
philosopher teeth he ever super smell
the floss I won't be honest I know you
do
I just thought in what looks like piss
and it's this stuff called pine tar sole
and it's supposed to help my Chi skin
and actually I think it's working so far
I went back to my good old friend physio
gel I'm using my a eye cream on it's
great for itchy and really dry skin
really
I've been well in the past two days I've
been getting like these weird I know
we're feeling so happy getting things
like weird feelings in my my AB area I
don't know I kind of explain it kind of
like this like tightening feeling kind
of like grumpy but I don't know what the
crown cause like I don't really get
Crump's I know I'm sorry to say this
guy's but do you get back ache so yeah
asking you guys like um you guys they
explained to me if you get crumbs just
so I knew if I'm getting the crap or not
I told you guys to be as descriptive as
possible and here are your responses
feels like someone's stabbing I'm
twisting your abdomen area like someone
cutting your inside eye over butter
knife like death is coming for you a
smile on his face like a leprechaun with
an electric whisk like acid is corroding
your insides hmm I don't know I keep
thinking maybe the crown
I can tell maybe I'm overreacting boo
Murray acting do you get it dogs are
like with them to be better for days
like a pastor like tired face you know
like sometimes I get so tired watching
yes-man anything I know I had to sit in
the living room because I can't lie down
so I slept in a chair I feel bad I need
except in the living room with me and
the sister after a hospital visit since
it was pretty good actually
I'm going chicken wrap for lunch and Tim
is having become cheese egg panini wow
this guy looks pretty today
you're lucky except it's gonna creepy
with the massage Hospital this actually
went well today
okay so weird I start well baby isn't
that big you know it's actually more of
like they they had a bit they did a
detailed analysis of an ultra sign and
you know it's just extra big compared on
my body cuz I have a small like frame
your amniotic fluid is divided in
pockets and a party I have one pocket
that's like you know Scott extra food so
um
the news is guys I'm getting induced
next week and if actually not so bad it
means our baby's gonna be 39 weeks so oh
my goodness I can't believe that like
next week we're gonna read have a baby
it's quite surprising cuz the doctor
like yeah we're gonna induce G and so
you don't hit the 40 weeks and we're
like really which works well for Tim
because a party he has tennis on Sunday
also I'm coming 20 yet on 25th so the
baby's gonna be induced on the 28th on
my 20th birthday yeah yeah so every time
Isaac Vince's birthday goes your daddy
was 28 when he had you I'm kind of
freaked out guys the date is gonna be
for 28 so three days after Tim's
birthday I would really really
appreciate it if you guys can pray for
us some you know just pray for a smooth
delivery like a quick recovery up
I'm really really nervous about it guys
I'm not really sure what to expect so
I'm going to be admitted in the 27th and
then they're actually going to do Smee
on the 28th whew what really sucks is my
password is in Hong Kong as just really
hoping like for the baby to get here
before she leaves but I can't induce on
the day she flies back to the UK so yeah
she's she's already been like making me
eat Korean stuff and just trying to
collect me like goo and labor quicker
