to be guardian of Tim's but crap good
morning guys Oh another hospital day
it's sunny doctors and doctors will like
a telephone a little bit know how oh
maybe I we get induced or we're having
an elective cesarean I'm really happy
because I actually got to sleep last
night thank you just for calamine lotion
I put all for myself all the white all
over
that's my hubby I must touch you a
question then I mustache right now it's
on 86
I am a c9 so I'm pretty like
he just got out of our hospital
appointments
I think Scott what is this chicken
tyranny the spring roll is really good
but I still don't get high this is a
chicken spring romance chicken and it's
ruled up but it's not a spring rule well
they didn't eat my bacon feel like no I
can't be good we have fired the first
person that doesn't like bacon
he doesn't like cake he doesn't like ice
cream and he doesn't like bacon this
guy's weird
I'm feeling really nice and refreshed
after taking a nice nap little grumpy
today
so yes but all this it went well mmm
when doctors tell me different things
and today's doctor was more like that
the higher ones and he said baby is big
but he's not like ginormous and you know
I guess doctors are probably just
worried because like you know my small
size I think at the moment um according
to the doctor like he's not too worried
so so the good news is he's not looking
into inducing any yet so they're just
gonna like see how I am next week again
so that's kind of good news for me
because I know Lori guys are like really
hoping to see Isaac early but um and I
am too but it's just I'm also enjoying
like you know my final few weeks of
freedom I mean like I feel term 37 weeks
today but I still feel a little better
knowing if he's like a bit more cooked
memory told you like I should we pack my
like a little bike because I like a lot
of stuff that they don't provide but one
of the stuff I have to like change is um
finding these different apparently the
sanitary pads I bought before we're
unacceptable these ones have like loose
lips on and I don't understand how to
eat it guys I mean it comes like this
comes of a little packet of like strings
or elastic please tell me if you know
how to use these I have no idea I've
never seen the like this before and I
don't know what's like you know what's
wrong with the adhesive ones and I am
just gonna be meeting
and some friends for dinner my best
friend is actually visiting from Hong
Kong she's only here of two weeks so I
really look forward to spending some
time with her aren't you going to play
table tennis what hey dressed like
you're gonna play football
I'm feeling slightly guilty because he
changed his clothes
I didn't need to change your clothes
honey but he realized he didn't want to
look too trihard all right give me so
he's gonna drive me out to meet my
friends my dinner and he's just gonna
play some table tennis hit some balls
some balls if you have any meal boys Oh
which he have that he look like a
Aerosmith imagine like this face of
Aerosmith voice I mean if I can have any
girls with your choice that I have
obviously think Beyonce large if I don't
think like Elsa people and say his voice
are they would be physicist
I use my think using cream oh yeah I see
split every bar of yogurt
it fits okey here it's all in little
jars
what is it again I like all huh sorry
it's gonna yawn don't you hate it when
you're talking to someone and then you
know yawns coming and you're like he try
to hide it
please into detail cuz you're like you
make that face time for the head I
wonder if you guys are gonna yell and
after some meal because as they say
yawns are contagious smooth systems see
but again rude the best is all a lot
better me peeping one car last night so
I don't feel like I could film today
they don't look as red and they more
like pink I decided to take twice a to
Gold Coast and two more did you moaning
in the car the whole time walking dude
this is the Gold Coast
that's like a yacht club so rich rich
man's cook her believe like I walk
indeed if I saw him out with it I right
so you should you know what you gonna
say ah he's just on screaming and goes
total online lie on the floor I'm making
feel really bad I would have lost
pregnant I was
it was really irritating in two batches
at the back of my day like when we got
there I was like Tim I want to go home
look good another choice is like a
five-year-old oh oh that looks so wrong
how do you guess I like cream in your
hair
thanks for letting me know hi Roger
kebab
what is chubby Guardian off Tim's foot
fine okay this is just guarding your
butt boy what's this it's exactly how it
looks frozen peas in your crotch
nice eat then I'm peas are those are
those are those my meatballs fantasies
the glamorous bag first-class treatment
new pet occur Archie change missing me
then you did this if I disgusting they
are oh this actually feels really nice
maybe you should like um also the water
for you today
mm-hmm
you
