be Isaac doesn't like it he laudable Oh
my sister is currently in labor so I
would happen I'm so excited I was just
saying this I'm pushing with you right
now I accept like you know I'll sitting
on a toilet it's all about the support
right I mean like I was proper working
up a sweat sitting on the toilet so I
can't even imagine what the real deal
I'll pushing a human is like I'm sure a
lot of you guys have heard about the
really sad news of Robin Williams
passing away and it's just so sad guys
you know sometimes it's the people who
you know make thousands of people laugh
you are the ones that are really lost
inside they're all so different right
and that's a good thing but it's like
sometimes because we're all so different
not everybody can see situations that
way I mean like a course people forget
that depression really is an illness
obviously I've always been quite
optimistic person so I can program
myself to always see the light in
everything but you know for some people
it's not that easy to do and especially
when it's an illness mentally you're not
well guys if you do anybody who might be
depressed or someone you know is
depressed please don't ignore it we
there's always something that we could
do it's also reminder that you could be
famous
you can be rich successful and you know
that could all mean nothing right so
never forget to cherish the little
things in life because you know it's
always the things that are free that are
most precious to us my sister had a baby
girl she's so cute
absolutely swore by oatmeal bath back in
when I have two skin allergy problems
hopefully this will relief it cheating
guys morning everybody
so I did not sleep really well I did not
sleep at all actually and I was I was
meaning to film to do but um I just I I
just don't feel so good like mentally
and like physically thought ah oh I'll
tell him and maybe tomorrow instead so
um yeah I've been so comfortable lately
guys um in a nutshell
I'm allergic to my baby I know I I
didn't even know that was possible
so I've been getting these like horrible
like blisters and rashes and hives all
over my belly and it started just like
spread into my legs and you know I'm at
the back of my my thighs and I'm moving
into my hips and these horrible blotches
and it's not just that they're like you
know pretty ugly
but uh they're insanely itchy they're so
comfortable and it's called polymorphic
eruption of pregnancy and ochres and
mostly to mothers who are carrying boys
and you know like they don't really know
what really two causes but they think
the cause is to do the hormones and the
baby's hormones it's also more likely to
happen for mothers who are carrying
larger babies as well so that's true for
me study suggests be tall cells migrate
to the mother skin causing inflammation
and it's not just itchy guys it's like
the word itch is like an understatement
like a just like I felt I just feel like
I want to go crazy crazy
we thought that i the the blisters and
rashes was caused by me restricting of
oxygen you know cuz it's a sweat and
stuff but turns out have nots to do the
baby and I'm just allergic to my baby
okay
puzzle time take to come play zookeeper
guys Donald it that's another team
Timmy recommends a party the trick to
Juna puzzle is finding the edge pieces
first which I just did so once we're
building a puzzle together yes like um
when it comes to building puzzles the
mean virtue quality that you must have
as patience something that I do not have
and we make a puzzle means Tim build it
while I sit and watch I just get so cold
guys welcome in my honest the hot Huzoor
is that we're in the last piece is it
her Donnelly pieces upside I don't think
guys I think what he'd be so noisy all
day shut up shut up shit it I'll give my
honey the privilege of grazing the pic
puzzle just
oh I don't know we have money how does
it feel to glaze the picture of the
finished product yes I'm the last piece
would be missing oh I actually finished
it yes you did honey I was wearing like
FIFA briefs while I was taking this
picture to show my family the rashes but
just so you guys will see too much I'm
gonna cover it but the rush so it
started to spread to you all over my
thighs and at the back and get belly is
covered in loads of highs and rashes and
the legs and as my friend says it looks
like a bull sack which is I have to
admit it did amuse me for a while it's
end of another day night yeah I feel
kind of bad hottie like I've been so
fussy lately about the rashes like let
me tell you guys you see is really not
easy I feel like off-premises cools
glamorous you need get it glow get a
cute little bump people are nice eat and
that's all true
no I've you guys know I dealt with the
pelvic pain in the back pain and that's
sucked but like I could like to between
pain and itch I would definitely go for
pain because you know at least with the
back and the pellet pain depending what
position I'm in I could like not be a
pain but the itch it was just so
Restless at I've taken like for oatmeal
boss today because of Russia's is at the
front and the back on my leg it's just
so comfortable for me to sit or lie down
so like I always have to be standing but
I can't be signing all the time
I feel bad for him because he has to put
up with it then I was like no baby for a
long long long long
like seriously Tim to sent me this look
oh so cute oh thank you babe Isaac
doesn't like it he's not a table you're
just jealous
