ah you're this why for this nope no
mercy no clothes no food chriskiss no
one year wedding anniversary it's
officially gonna be over about 15
minutes and you know what like when I
was like well we were driving back I
realized that Wow
two-minute mark for a full year and you
guys remember like I was kind of like a
little little whiny and a little
complaining about well you know we got
pregnant and like you know we'd have me
been married for a year
well actually want to think about it
we've been able to spend one whole year
of married life before the arrival of a
baby just about one year and before I
thought as you know we were only married
for like you know for five months until
we had a baby on the way but you know
it's still been Tim and I so far and
that kind of like really helped me
release that's like feeling I was having
before I mean I was always really
grateful for for babies but um I always
thought what is and then actually hit me
that wow tonigh actually really did get
to have like one-on-one time well at
least my real life for one year and
before that it's like a litter nine
years so it was like we're already very
lucky and blessed we got to have so much
time together
no I I'm just going to chill and read
your meal guys so I have my luck here a
lot of these are postcards actually so
I'm really excited so thank you guys so
much for the postcards all right you too
like more things to pad your doctor's
office right here in this in this case
what is her life I have heard story
after story about people yeah trying to
like do some breeding but oh oh keep
getting distractions but you know I said
each time you move you remind me that
I'm never at
every alone ever since watching Susan
craving those good ol like you New York
hot dogs from the stands so this is the
closest that I could get a sausage bun a
mushroom you good it's good like a
Chinese version not in the trip you guys
tried it before
Oh guess who's here Ren I were our way
to the hospital to deihi I'll just I've
done so they can obsess the baby to see
whether it's too big or I just have a
lot of food and then we'll go on from
there I get a son he'll decide whether
I'm going to be induced or those are
going to go for cesarean or they're
going to let me try and give birth
naturally hello I don't think I can do
it
he's like silver today my glasses
weather changes so fast and Hong Kong
one minute it's fine next minute you can
barely see the road like at the Sun
again you won't be able to tell it was
like raining like laughter like a minute
ago so we just got an ultra sign and
baby is on the big side at the same time
I also have a lot of food so that's why
my belly is extra big um his head is as
his belly it's also big as well
yeah I guess right now we have to wait
till Friday before I see doctor for them
to you know assess or decide what's the
next option to do is estimated with is
6.4 and wolfy 9 is not going to be kilos
after 36 weeks
we're just trying to go on as many
things as possible
we got a free like fighter for movies
like watch Scarlett that's all that
matters right it was I wasn't expecting
very much but it was it wasn't that good
score as well at least what we think I'm
just having a ham sammich which is
actually really big and Tim Armisen if
you equip me to eat so much
look at that size of this sandwich and
me having spaghetti salad and also soup
she's actually done like this for like I
don't even know how long
how can she even be comfortable oh babe
no chubby she's got you wrapped around
her little Paul you see don't know what
you Tony wants the food you're this good
me oh good I'd rather not
yeah you're this nope no looking no
prospected okay
ticket please bitch please
blood stain prego Gumbel before today
and the lady that's gonna come look
after me after the first baby came over
and she came over to check our hog farm
and make sure that we got everything and
you must have to repack my entire
Hospital bye guys
turns out in a hospital yeah you have to
bring your toilet roll either for your
own nappy it's pretty much just because
like it's been cheating and like the
whole like hospital any cost is like
like a most difficult part dollars she's
like ten ponies and like a person's
private up like a fixed difference
because if legal privates gonna cost
like six seven thousand times for like a
PD she really nice but I was kind of
like a little bit of Scarface so I was
how I'm here like I don't want to do
this I'm going to be touching water I
don't want to be following the
traditional Chinese for old
understanding actually mmm
MSE sipped my favorite it was really
craving tofu so we have a tube 2p pot
here joy fill it all right okay Wow just
got home and I pass like a store and I
just got tough it's been so long since I
shop for clothes and hopefully I can
wear this after giving birth I'll see if
it looks like and it's actually two
pieces together it's the greatest
shopper and underneath it's got like a
flowy set so I just love gray and white
together and the size as you can see has
drawstrings to it so looks so adorable
that I can totally imagine just even
wearing this with a pair of leggings or
it's just a pair of like cropped jeans
okay it burp it's just I think that it's
just nice that you can just you know
dress nice or even when you're at home
just to park up your moon you know it's
not really the puzzle that I'm like
really impatient
I just want to spend time with you honey
let's just watch TV yeah I think he
looks like Jason Segel and I think is he
also plays a lawyer and how I Met Your
Mother
