here's your present food one-year
anniversary a QB let's chicken back
really - really really chubby you're
just like your dad nah she's actually
falling asleep in the bath bomb kind of
day
Thank You dolly oh wow
waters really gonna do hey we're still
watching suits and gym actually really
like fit what are you smiling away
I dare you ordered McDonald's delivery
on my laptop are you talking about we're
just gonna see what they have to eat
quick to order online guys McDonald's
delivery is not a blessing it is a curse
time when your day before that's all
this honey nothing else scratching my
boob oh so so the day you were tweaking
your nipple sorry you did - yeah we did
randomly just go over
chicka-boom look at this crispy Godwin
you look good the chicken bites then I
pop one chicken know how they know the
chips you don't know oh I know what the
quarter part always gets you yeah I
don't know about you but I'm gonna go to
toilet and take a dump desperate
measures and watch TV
yep this is exactly what I do guys Boop
ready go to bed hello everybody so today
is to my eyes one-year wedding
anniversary so we I mean I wrote down a
new fancy we're just going to corporate
food and like what better way to
celebrate that with food so it's just
casual no need to dress up or anything
right Malibu it's not about where you go
it's about who you go with my belly is
growing so quickly face that I'm getting
like really itchy rashes right at the
bottom of a belly because like it's just
you know so much sweat like gathered
there I know it's under the gross right
I have to put baby powder in there to
keep it nice and dry
I was just trying to nothing going
through some of like our letting things
and watch our videos going through our
photos I was really surprised because
actually finds him sweating speeds and
I'm so glad I have it I wish it's a
better condition so I can frame it but
so special so I'll read you guys for you
guys lyndie from the start I've always
been able to be exactly myself a few and
everyday you remind me to try to be the
best version of myself rather than
attempting to be someone else I promise
to do the same for you to always accept
you as a woman you are the woman I fell
in love with I promise always make time
for you and for us even life gets
insanely busy for the two of us whenever
we spend time cleaning the apartment
together watching TV laughing at the
actions of our ridiculously cute dogs or
even just grocery shopping I love every
minute spent here and promise to embrace
every moment the matterhorn normal they
may seem because truthfully not a single
moment on my life has been normal since
the day I met you I promise to always be
here for you Mandi
to laugh with you when no one else's
what your tears when you cry listen to
you when you move but you'd be right
when you are wrong and I promise and
never chickie or your love for granted
if I can never stop being silly merely
because I don't think I can
this means you'll be here my random
bursts of mega often singing seeing me
pull at face to face too much
temperature with McDonald at 2:00 in the
morning the salinas we share though is
something i treasure and makes me feel
like i am always one of my best friends
and the fact that I get to spend every
day with you from the station where it
makes it even better I love you in being
one whole year it's feel like yesterday
I was still planning the wedding just
trying to get everything prepared and
why it's like hard for here and peanuts
it's gonna be here like you know any
moment it's just I just feel so blessed
and just like so lucky so nice being
able to relive it back it was such a
happy day
again thank you so much Chloe what a
great gift on our one-year anniversary
and it's beautiful
you're sure presents a one-year
anniversary I could be yes chicken back
delicious my favorite but this for a
minute yeah thanks honey
look chicken pop oh no easy
quarterly height listening to boys the
men hello boys romantic so much emotion
I feel like their songs are timeless
we just drove our and our and walked and
walked and walked you to find out that
this place we're going to it's closed
oh yeah that's good this is a special
place and they don't take bookings I'm
happy honey I could even either white or
I'll find an alternative I like it
this is actually my ice cream yes guys
you put the whole restaurant for me now
I'm skinny so nice actually he ended up
coming to space coal blood and
immediately coming in we saw two
subscribers you worked here so so sweet
so lovely we going on well we enjoyed
our romantic evening gotta love the
topless man you see around Hong Kong
it's not white where you are you know I
use if you have to see anywhere so Lulu
I'm your favorite not a great garlic
bread mine looks good here is it's good
what's the best thing about being
married to me really taking far too long
will you get one question so I want to
give an answer something about this hmm
neither's you're hurt oh yeah there's
that guy that was topless
I'm so sad he put his clothes back on
let's find acceptor pervert I'm also
like filming cameras will focus this is
why I love you like what that Li like
purple top those people away we are V
already explained everydays is mmm
you've been right the best of me and my
best the random vulgar chick that I am
pretty much what's the best thing about
being married to me them no I just
really like being a
you can be as gross to each other as
possible
unlike you're not freaked out and think
it's cute I've all you've been grossly
so dark but we have our main course
different atmosphere and I and I we're
having mango crumble which is a
recommended by Farah but there was
really nice meeting me tonight and we
also have a chocolate kind of chocolate
pudding Mer de la noche separate PDF and
this one was recommended by the manager
let's dig in honey I love the heart and
Nicole feeling you guys remember when I
tried to carve the strawberry and Cheer
Rose the problem this I just filled
really bubbly taking a nice walk back
after like a giant meal I know still
nice the monitor actually give us
complimentary dessert as well compute I
don't see I planned at all honey yeah
thank you honey
we're finally home to cut a nice char
cuz I sweat and lose walking down the
street but I just had a really really
nice evening with him and even though
like he was like a what little buttons
are at the beginning because like the
restaurant he wanted to take me to
originally was closed for a week the
restaurant that we ended up in LA was
really really sweet like the waiters
waitresses the manager of food
atmosphere it was just really really
nice all in all it was just such a nice
evening and we really enjoyed ourselves
and complete beginning of another here -
Tim Anais my age
you
