oh so cute
good morning was that was the what was
me say good morning - hi spit noise is
actually what maybe should ask you this
is a different time we are just going to
grab some lunch and I think today we are
feeling we're feeling some are to me the
weather's gonna be bad today for lunch
today we have pork cutlets with tomato
sauce cheese buns I'm happy for look at
this - he said this to me earlier what
do you want to eat your dish is my
command
and I was like I knew invited to write
what I'm a foodie
yeah fatty the my I'm just gonna take it
back tonight
we are cooking together Tim is making
chicken green pepper a button sauce and
I am getting egg
I'm making I'm making some eggs and some
do you like my apron my pregnant belly
make something even better let me eat
even better we are ready for dinner
look at them oh so cute
ooh someone is kicking me hard we just
got back from a late night walk so fully
your dogs would be all tired for sleep
later I was just playing with my nails
earlier just to name some like be the
sunset silhouette nails sort of fun
actually pretty easy to do
yo yo ha ha ha that can I know in the
hospital I just got a checkup
doctor was like why is your been so big
your boobies big
so just let me schedule an ultra sign so
they can measure if it's really big or
if I got lots of water and it might
induce me so it means that like you know
the baby will come out so big a
full-term k-rails
maybe my private doctor was very ill
enough most good thing we paid a deposit
so you can still go by there ya know
what the day well I'll be whatever
should I be drink did you what that's if
they haven't seen it before I'm really
weird guys I like the fake burgers
whoops
the fake burgers like the one from the
like McDonald the work of these ones are
so big I can't eat it no no no I want
it's too medium for me and I'm just
having chicken Caesar salad for having
quietly for dinner tonight just gonna
get some soup on the go so we're gonna
be having this one fresh coconut with
conch a balloon fish small supposedly
the lady says is good for pregnancy oh
thank you we actually just watched
guardians of the galaxy what do you
think
so let's leave it the soup or the movie
I'll stay here would you like for him no
horrible it could actually they all look
evil
tippy steep is annoying on her boon to
care but eat him shall be easy
slowly but she eats away she's gonna eat
it faster cuz she thinks you're trying
to steal her see what was the highlight
watching galaxy's defenders Iqaluit no
good afternoon guys been quite a
relaxing two days to spin resting Lots
I'm sorry if I haven't been flogging
boats
honestly I've just been lazy it's been
like lazy calm all I've been doing is
just like sleeping and just sleeping oh
I'm also sleeping so I'm drinking this
stuff called
raspberry leaf tea and supposed to be
good for you Normandy that doesn't
induce labor but helps to give you a
more effective birth because it toned
janitors I mean like we don't know what
laughs it doesn't hurt the light drink
it's delicious ah Jimmy and I are just
enjoying
sunset and a nice breeze so a lot of you
guys actually asked a lot of questions
about chubby and so Moe
so I can answer them in today's vlog hi
chubby so okay
chubby the white one here and wait
slippy would you just turn to Rufus
she is a Pomeranian and Dumbo is a
poodle and they're both toy breeds so
sometimes I get messages asking me you
know bubs
what are choppy and amo like because
you're thinking of getting a dog like
them like to remember every dog is
different right for chubby and she is
obviously a Pomeranian so as you can
guess she's very very happy me I find
Pomeranian to be very smart very
buoyancy they have a lot of personality
and for chubby she's got so much
character should not like I would say
like you know totally always well
behaved she definitely got her a little
bit of attitude but she's really loyal
falling backward and at high my chubby
ism were very like in tune of our
feelings like sometimes like if I'm
every time I feel like she would
slipping just sit beside me and she'd
look at me and know that you know she
can sense my family emotionally so um oh
so uh if you guys haven't noticed
already Tim actually favors her more Oh
on the other hand he is really
affectionate he loves getting cuddles he
just loves it attention in general um
there's a little scaredy-cat
ooh cardboard box so weird because when
we go out and there's a big dog you know
German
birds or big big whatever it is he would
just go and just he would playing with
him and he know he would not be scared
by that home he would be different with
chubby so he obviously does follow his
hobby everywhere oh I'm really glad that
they get on well
and even though chubby seems to be the
boss he went home when we go outside
she is like pretty scared of like a lot
of dogs for Pomeranian
they shared a lot of her there's four
everywhere I always have it all over me
and whereas for Donal he don't really
shed so it's good if you guys are you
know more allergic um however bobble
requires more grooming attention because
his hair's curly when you have to brush
and more frequently because state tumble
is an end a smart is chubby okay we can
kiss this girl
good night he's like licking my toes and
he's gone so the Sun is setting and I
just want to show you guys
it's beautiful it actually sets right
there right between those two buildings
every day like I try not to miss it I
don't know if you guys are having a good
or bad day but remember there's always
tomorrow there's always hope and a
chance where you'd love learn a lot
doesn't it right chubby is that right
isn't that right chilly
