hi everybody it's Bob's welcome to my
36th week of my pregnancy nine months
only one ball actually not even one
month ago most likely but will defy that
later we are getting closer and closer
to meeting baby Isaac so let's check out
the app and see how she is doing so
according to my baby act baby is around
19 inches and weighs approximately five
point eight points but we all know you
know Isaac's a little bigger the good
news is if you go into labor any time
this week the medical community will not
try to stop it and your baby will likely
to be perfectly fine baby is working
hard to gain as much weight as possible
the knees and elbows are getting those
telltale folds up in the seat yay for
Mitchell it folds maybe it's life-sized
my um will gain weights at the rip off a
half to one point per week here on earth
so more weight to get on for me pretty
much know that Isaac must be going
really really fast because my belly is
so itchy guys I just I can see it grow
every single day and Isaac is just
absorbing so much and actually weighed
myself in hospital yesterday and yeah I
finally surpassed Tim's weight I'm nice
60 kilograms so I've gained 15 kilograms
and it's pregnancy so far yesterday like
I said before I want to visit my public
hospital and nurses and doctors are like
why is your bump so big and I'm like I
don't know I was hoping you can tell me
but yeah I think it's just absorbing
very
very very very well Oh in a nutshell the
doctor is concerned about Isaac's eyes
and my size and whether I can give birth
to him so I'm booked in for an
ultrasound in just like a few days and
they'll get a better picture and
possibly induce me early so the baby
girl can get even bigger
and if inducing doesn't work we're
looking into getting cesarean not so at
this rate I'm just like okay you know
whatever you know just do what you need
to do I know before I was quite upset
because you know I always imagined
myself giving birth naturally and I just
it's always really really wimpy about
like cuts and stuff so the thought of a
cesarean really did scare me and I
didn't want to be so drugged up and I
didn't want to be all like you know and
pain and tired because you know after
giving birth I want to be able to look
after my baby but at this moment it's
like just just do whatever is right
whatever safe is and yeah I'm okay with
that so mentally I'm prepared to get
cesarean if I have to of course you know
I would love to people to like push
Isaac myself I have been feeling
really really tired and lazy lately I
just feel like such a slob it's
definitely a combination of different
factors that made me feel kind of lazy
um I don't want to really like get up
and moving a lot of the time it really
does feel like someone's like trying to
tear my spine apart so each step I take
a thing so sometimes even when I'm on an
elevator
I just asked him to hold my book for me
just even so I can get like you know 20
seconds of rest
obviously here walking is good for
pregnancy you want to get the baby
position and stuff but then at the same
time walking is doing damage to me for
my spine and my pelvis folds like
more often than you doing people are
like approaching feet and is asking if
I'm expecting twins when I say no
they're like boom
what are you sure and I'm like yeah I'm
sure one thing has started to G is I've
started to block off people's stories
and experiences because everybody's
different
so and I don't want to like you know
entered hospital like being so scared
and I've been so so calm for the past
few weeks although a few days ago I was
at hospital to do something called swab
and they they just take a cotton wool
and swab your diamond below area and
also your backdoor which I didn't know
which was really shocking but lower body
wise I was completely naked legs wide
open and exposed as a girl so close up
Diane I have to admit it felt slightly
awkward for me but I'm sure when a day
comes I won't even care and all dignity
will be thrown out the window fetal
movement why is he supposed to be
slowing dying no because he's sleeping
more but maybe because he's like more
crammed in there it just feels like he's
moving even more and they're really
really strong sometimes they're there on
the bird off like being painful
especially when he kicks against my ribs
kick thing is I know he responds to me
because every time I put my hands on my
belly it actually starts to kick against
it so either he sang hi mommy or he's
saying get your hand off me wait one
thing that I started to notice that in
these few weeks is that I've noticed
that my skin started of like a little
darker and I heard that it's pretty
common but you know even like in the
armpit area I mean like at Birth I
didn't really lose it but then some of
you guys are like boobs did you get a
ton my Braxton Hicks contractions are
definitely more frequent and stronger
than I and you just feel your belly just
bowling up and getting really really
tight I can't say it hurts um
can get a little uncomfortable it's nice
to know that my body is really preparing
for the pregnancy you know it's just
weird to know how your body works I'm
just practicing
even though right now I don't have a
contraction going on if I were to just
like put my hands on my belly it just
feels really really tight it feels like
like a football so it's not like squishy
and soft it's just it just feels hard
all over I feel like as I progressed
further to no pregnancy the symptoms I
don't have as many of them but the
symptoms that I do have they do get
stronger so you're right now really is
just about having like back pains I'm
just getting tired everything else just
has been absolutely wonderful I'm so
glad that there's been no swelling I've
had no heart burns I don't have
hemorrhoids anything so I'm really
really grateful and I know that he is
very big and sometimes you know I'm like
hard to even manage to carry this big
massive thing and I'm also really
thankful that he's growing so well he's
healthy let's move on to the belly shot
you say long vest hops are just my best
friend because nothing else just fits me
and I'm so sick of wearing supe stuff
and even though it's not like long on me
anymore it's getting shorter and shorter
sometimes like my belly just peeks
through here it is Isaac at 36 weeks
very very heavy and very very hard as
well it just feels so inflated that if
you get like a needle and just poked it
I'll just go up one side and then the
front I feel like it kind of lopsided
right now I think he's like tucked over
and sleeping on one side and then here
is the other side but my belly has
grooms like so quickly and so much in
the past few weeks and I feel like I've
really started to get stretch marks as
well my belly really doesn't look very
pretty right boy
but it's okay
seriously come with this to the dogs
interact with Isaac Ronnie's here maybe
there will be another pregnancy flog and
two weeks time maybe there won't be it
really depends when they decide to
induce me or if they decide to induce me
or if baby was to come early we don't
know but just at this moment I just feel
like he won't be here past 40 weeks
anyway so thank you guys for chilling
with me and I shall talk to you soon
take care guys
