Bogey's continued updates in terms of
like um our plums um I think we're
actually going to go back to the public
system so before we decided that we want
to like give birth mana in the private
hospital it was nice because ten would
get to stay with me there with the
spacious rooms and just you know
Elizabeth more comfortable but as time
went by as you guys know I started to
like not trust my doctor so much it's
just like in a nutshell I just felt like
she was just trying to go convenient I
was saying you keep making it slime like
you know MIT he's gonna be big so like
on the delivery do you think he's gonna
be over eight Pauline said she was like
no like I'm thinking okay even it points
to me like I could deal with that right
doesn't sound that bad so even though
she was Ken always kind of rude I
thought okay as long as she knows her
stuff
but yeah I spoke to two other doctors
and both of the both of those software's
kind of like had their doubts on the
things that she said to me she was just
really pushing me to just go for it a
cesarean she was saying that I'm too
short to give birth largely and
according to my like two other doctors
annual they say that your height has
nothing to do with you giving birth and
secondly um my private doctor was saying
that she thinks my pelvis is too small
but the two doctors said that um you
will never know if your pelvis is too
small or not until the moment these days
people don't measure things like that
because it's not like reliable I also
think that maybe I'll feel that more
comfortable like if anything happens at
least in a public hospital they are
better equipped and apparently in public
hospitals you get better breastfeeding
support again just because I'm going to
public doesn't mean I won't get a
cesarean I could still meet one end of
the day but at least I feel like the
public hospital the doctors are I just
feel like I would I would trust them a
little bit more
because private system is really more by
money money money little Joy's in life
he's gonna win is Mike know was mine
okay sure he's gonna win the rocky ball
he's gonna win the rugby ball oh I think
tom was one yeah Shelby did hey chubby
has conceded the balls here but they
don't care about it anymore bogeys
continue learn my family cry Lagoon boy
today and geminis 11th year anniversary
so which is on a glide for dinner when I
go to our favorite restaurant called
Blue Moon we actually got engaged
they're even going to shave for it
cool better well let me do it then okay
when I were just waiting for a car park
space he's reading a book called man's
guide to childbirth and apparently if
you want to like its first the pain what
you do is the moon like in the lower
pitch so so I'm practicing it today I
was like mmm Hulk mmm
it was like
this is ruining my fishing ambience whoa
another thing they said that like - like
the Streck your pain from contractions
the arm-wrestle
I think I think you ha ha boom I'll be
like no I'll take E cuz I'd be like it's
all your fault I meant to say neither
imma let you win No Oh dad let me win
we're black they said it's slimming they
said this is one of tonight - the
restaurants in Hong Kong is also the
restaurant that we got engaged in if you
guys remember
have the resistant bread is it war okay
usually what happens is I get too hungry
and I eat the bread and it's so good but
then by then I can't finish my meal
because you've got started on in me of
course I didn't feel to be stuck with me
for another year once again I'm in San
days it's going to be our first year
anniversary
if you say yesterday we got Margie what
smart lifelike
it's really good guys enjoy your part
Mallory I mean
I couldn't do with his favorite versus
crap cake this joke is so good goes new
melt-in-your-mouth we have pretty much
sorted mushrooms and
something about eating something that's
chocolate and warm mix of ice cream just
make the mixture this is like
so much so I've been sitting in the
coffee and the the carp are waiting
while he fishes
it's so weird because when he takes a
normal pic I pull a silly face but when
I take a normal pic he pulls a silly
face so everybody your screen lock that
I set for you then turn to remind you of
what to never piss me off
no that's a year like under every day
basis I think that's just time my face
falls
I have a natural um first off looking
face they call it like the bit dressing
face like if I were to just like natural
look like this see I look angry you show
me your normal face you have a bit trick
no no hello when I wake up this Nanak
okay it's just look normal I don't know
so sometimes I'm just sitting here doing
my own thing like people come up to me
be like what's wrong happy like nothing
everything up in here like I'm forced to
subside Marilyn are you coming home at a
site how was your date night awesome
how was your food awesome how's your
husband awesome
