I can't ski
one's active again I don't know I always
thought this guy reminds me of Jason
Chan 700,000 guys you guys actually
recently notified me that on the phone
channel we recently had 700,000
subscribers so that's incredible I can't
believe that like you know it we've come
so far so thank you guys so much just
for you know keeping in tune with just
our little like blog updates you know
like when we flop we just do it for fun
we don't think a lot about it you know
because we just think hey easy
really enjoy it don't even feel like
work then we're all that we know it a
lot of you guys tell us that that our
flogs
actually like some hype brightens your
day and just I don't know me see like
appreciate a little bit more so like
we're really glad so I think he so much
for sticking with us you know thank you
for giving us it comes to you know put a
smile on your face already
oh she likes her little fries oh geez my
private doctoral today doctor doctor
it's pretty hot
- problem here those are today's yeah I
used to always just like you know
squeeze in there but no I
nope I know the problem is he parked too
close to the other see me don't make me
sit like this anymore like classic
lyrics that makes sense on the way to
the doctor's to pass like a fruit market
I'm kind of looking forward there cuz
they did you really fresh for it so I
can buy some I think this is like a
early sign that I'm becoming like a
little runny getting some food
today he would get that little face
later like me but like when I see runny
egg drop about me jumpin in Vegas like
look at this look at this color I'm
having chicken and rice contemplating
going back to the public system whatever
you feel comfortable with it I'll
support you either way
I have something to show you guys but I
think it's pretty incredible
they're the size of a normal mind go yes
here is the mind go that we bought today
James Armas look at that oh it's my food
like let's compare normal Lang go crazy
possibly injected mutated mango I mean
like this is equivalent to like my for
mangoes that I I just purchased tonight
while I'm editing I'm watching Thor look
at those girls and Max like that hair
baby this one of my fingers through his
hair I'm without Sun reached under the
blanket Chubby's keeping there in the
back do you spot her joining him
depressed
or sometimes that could feel really
dorky like something I was really nice
when I got my information back
it was complain about Hong Kong about
hopping much green this there's actually
quite a lot of green in Hong Kong TV
who is busy in Hong Kong wherever you go
yeah we have to get one later there's
banana strop reason mmm
I think we're gonna enjoy no no I'm fine
I'm good
The Wrestler good though I ordered
chicken and pesto with pasta jim has
lasagna wife he wants wife he gets me
moaning about this mind go psychic
tyranny my bomb looks big my bump is it
evolved I think I did see he said yeah
yeah yeah um does that say connect it
looks like she's drunk and theory
walking is good for me but in practice
right back from a Liat night walk so
just wiping the dog's paws I've been
like stepping a mud why do dogs like it
see puddles splash on it Oh bean
afternoon oh sorry just stopped by sell
my own nail
so last night I had I had a dream guys I
dreamt that I gave birth but my baby was
a girl so I was like this is not what I
ordered
so because in my dream I bonded with my
baby as a boy so when it was a girl I
felt horrible but like I couldn't like
connect with her on the thing that she
looked exactly like me as well so I felt
so bad when I move up but you know if
you know I really did give birth and you
know the baby turns out being a girl I'm
pretty sure I'll be really really happy
as well but it was just at my dream I
was like this is not what I ordered
you know order babies normal size mango
J it's a mango
it the UMP Nami um yeah
