you talking like that this is like that
working
you caused such a loss is a camera block
fair go up close to it but what does
I think someone's doing like dirty
dancing
you turning like that this is like Billy
twerking Tim gaming was friends last
night we had left chicken so I put in a
grill some bread and some cheese and
eggs for me and they also have my banana
almond milkshake
mm-hmm no sugar
hmm okay I know it's a Sunday and I know
we can lie in Tim but it is half 3:00 in
the morning already
how's 3:00 in the morning honey
ah wake up what's happening here half
3:00 in the afternoon
sorry you guys should be ashamed of
yourself as well let's go take a dog hi
honey it's a nice day come on no don't
go
if you don't wake up you have some
consequences hmm I drop the phone on me
yeah really I keep having like just
really like weird anxious dreams like
like one dream I dreamt that um we call
the taxi and like for whatever reason in
heist we just couldn't get ready to go
out in time and the taxi was outside our
house for two hours
and I was driving me crazy and then I
have to skin so many dreams of like me
being late and being stressed out and I
looked it up and it definitely did you
of me being anxious about like you know
entering whole parenthood thing pumorii
anxious finally somebody is up at almost
5 p.m. guys 5 p.m. you're so clingy with
Tim I have what says like her my any
hair today excuse me for my her drawing
on but as soon as it hits at weekends I
have a neighbor has just six karaoke
like what my to feel she will she will
like go and sing
at the beginning I was really like fresh
hearted like to verge of anger but I got
to it myself
nice eh oh you know it's the weekend I
know it's the weekend my eyebrows is
definitely not my strongest feature
because you know you're a boy aren't
supposed to be symmetrical right but
like naturally this one is like lower
than this one and also like I'm a bit
more bear in this eyebrow compared one
so so annoying and one's perfect but
it's okay here is a little test for you
guys Simo neons for Pompeu t-shirts one
of them is a duck as you guys know name
the other three animals one of the main
differences between me and wifey is that
she actually really like eating ramen in
La Ronde so every time you see her you
want my in our faces like this like when
it comes to right
potatoes like all the condiments I can
be eating non-stop and when it comes
like me and like be more greens
now looks like pork cutlet and curry mmm
that part looks good and it's monstrous
to go first world problems
yes Austria we should be a fun together
just in a nice Sunday better take the
dog sigh and they look pretty happy all
satisfied and tired I can always watch
Bridget Jones diary I don't know but you
guys is there a movie that you can just
watch non-stop like all the time
oh yeah I like Sweet Home Alabama I like
my husband cuz he's not ashamed to admit
he likes chick flicks
Oh guys that I say about you guys
handing me things
oh you guys you didn't have oh oh a
giant star ding ding ding ding ding ding
ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
ding ding ding ding ding anything
anything yeah
postcards are the postcards this is
Isaac right
where is my testing Emily
 you Millie thank you movie for not
making me one oh don't say that honey
okay by the way Melly if you're watching
us Tim sunny joking okay Lucky's look at
your neck oh you guys
ohh
oh my god I can't get over how cute this
is
just today when I was doing the dishes
when I clean the spoon you know what
happens when you clean spoon and like
water just go soak me all over it not I
have this thank you so much in and Andy
for your postcard and your package well
you guys are so cute
I got another postcard from my fridge I
got beautiful this is what my fridge
looks like so far very nice - very nice
thank you guys for the postcards wow we
have a law here I come with the stick
these in my fridge and basil thank you
so much for your adorable handmade like
wood crafts this one looks like a type
and it says happily ever after and this
one has like my name 10 damo chopping
isaac name on it so I'm just trying to
figure out where to put this is so
beautiful here
this one says I think on it which were
on a diet is gonna go to the baby gifts
room there we go we have the news here
it's very place you deserve everything
you want and I hope that every day I'm
doing my best if you think that
look what he did for TV Wow Mandy you
just set the bar some moment I've been
planning for duty
let's make my night this is touched my
heart Oh quite hard to sleep cos he's
living all over
these little food was here earlier
