I know everybody it is bulbs so some you
guys have requested me to show you guys
my hospital bag for when I gave birth to
baby Isaac
even at 34 weeks I started to like pet
little things just in case if he wants
to make an early appearance I don't even
know if this is going to be interesting
to most of you guys but hopefully it
will be helpful to the mommies out there
oh but bear in mind I am a first-time
mommy so I may have over packed I me up
under pet if I've under pack please let
me know what I'm missing and if I'm over
packed please go doesn't matter
so like I'm carrying this stuff okay so
this is going to be my hospital like so
it's pretty much just a gym bag it was
actually Tim's gym bag guys which is
kind of baffling because my husband
doesn't go to the gym and I thought of
him jamming just yep for a while I was
like should I get a nice Hospital buy
because I watched the hospital like
videos and some of you girls have really
cheap buy you know pink with polka dots
but then I thought well you know like
what's the chances of me really using
news so I didn't want to waste money so
I thought just stick with white dots I
mean this is big enough it's got lots of
pockets
that'll do I'm going to start with the
products that obviously don't fit in my
bag and the first one is a pillow now
I'm told that hospital pillows like it
might as well give you like like a like
a sheet of paper I'm not even just for
comfort to make me feel more like home
very important I'm told to bring a
colorful pillowcase I'll probably change
like a vibrant color just so the
hospital doesn't mistake it as their own
this is this is cold well I kind of like
a kick out of it but it's called breast
friend so it's kind of like this is your
best friend for breastfeeding
hence breast friends so um I want to
breastfeed and really hope I can and
just for better support I got one of
these babies so just
show you guys how you use it so look at
this Lanie
it just gives better support when you do
is you kind of I know this bigs all
crude right now but it's got like a
little buckle here and you just clip
this around your waist baby would sit
here got a wraparound design to secure
to body helping mom on baby maintain
ideal positioning there's our man
elbow rests a little pocket here for you
to put your nipple bombs or creams I
don't know you could whatever you want
to here you know what this is actually
really comfortable I just want to keep
this on and just talk to you guys so now
we can open up the vibe and see what's
in here something I haven't packed in
here which is very important so don't
pop your bag and forget to find your
documents that you'll need different
Hospital Tim is way more organized than
I am so all my hospital documents and
stuff is with him I am going to be
starting with my stuff first and then
we'll move on to tuck up my baby stuff
so of course I'm going to need something
to wear to sleep so I just have like a
comfy soft and 90 for me to sleep in and
I chose one that's got buttons so I can
just unbutton it so I can nurse you know
movement BAM baby can beat okay my days
are just really quick and easy to slip
in and out off and you want to go toilet
just lift it up and do your thing
and of course I also brought a robe
woman because air conditioning can get
so strong in hospital so it's happening
for me to bring a warm fluffy robe I
have slippers now I'm really weird when
it comes to slippers I can't like you
know the ones that resorts give you
rather than the actual fluffy ones
because I feel like fluffy slippers just
make my feet feel very stuffy and sweaty
so when I go to hotels and resorts I get
really excited over like they're free
slippers because I seriously think
they're so comfortable and they're like
in my party bike I have a model for me
to wash my face and then I have my
shampoo and conditioner have a little
sample size a body wash I have a sample
size micro foam cleanser this one is
from Lancome so it's good to like save
up your humble because they do come in
handy I have a sample size eye cream
here and this one from benefit and then
for my moisturizer I bring my trilogy
rosehip oil which is awesome and wet
wipes because just in case for
convenience hygiene reasons you never
know I might want to have like a little
skin media saw brought a sheet mask and
a I must because we don't know how long
I'm gonna be pushing and I'm gonna have
crazy dark circles and I bought some
disposable contact lenses although I
mean I don't think I'll be wearing
contact lenses during my stay in the
hospital it's just handy to have it
anyway I think I'll be wearing my
glasses most of the time trip brush and
toothpaste god I need this I'd like a
small makeup I there's just like a few
products in here probably only just
gonna put Omega want to leave the
hospital and even still I'm just like
going home so how good do you need to
look for going home so I just brought a
bar pencil for me to grow my brows um a
concealer just to cover dark circles and
of course you're gonna need lip balm
because aircon really dries like the
lips I love six to get my face some
color um a shimmer highlighting stick
just for me to highlight my like lower
corners and that's it just glasses here
you don't need a lot of makeup put these
parts is enough to make like a big
enough difference so you don't look so
where am I going home outfit I brought
my maternity leggings and just a
comfortable and loose top
don't be thinking that just because you
had your baby err to go back to your
pre-pregnancy size you're still gonna
look about five months pregnant after
giving
birth so I brought a nice comfy flowy
top for me to wear I'm also bringing my
iPad with me it's nice to be you know
occupied with something to do if I have
some free time or if I'm not resting so
I actually have a book that I'll be
reading and it's called heading home
with your newborn this book pretty much
has me sorted on how to take care of a
newborn so that's good to do some
homework while I'm there boom gonna be
needing this and camera and charger I
don't have a lot of high hopes that the
hospital is gonna let us fill them very
much but you will get lots of footage of
the baby I promise I have possibly the
ugliest brows and who are ellicsr
fingers so ugly so these ones are from
bravado and they're supposed to be very
good nursing rub I mean like looking at
this already it looks like someone's
really put but yet they're so
comfortable guys you just easily unclip
it here pill down your bra and start
nursing a lot of you guys were telling
me to either bring old underwear or buy
cheap underwear that you don't mind
getting destroyed because you're gonna
have the heck that the Harry's the
Harry's period of your life the heaviest
period of your life so I figured it's
safest to buy black and yeah the putts
that you're gonna wire going to be
mosses so you're gonna need something
that got good support and hold it all in
but some flapper side just in case I
need to throw in some dirty lingerie or
whatever I don't want to mix the dirty
clothes and clean clothes I'm sure the
hospital is going to provide me with a
sanitary pad but I brought some of my
own as you can see and these are pretty
baked ones so they're like super
absorbent figured I'll be handy to find
some disposable breast pads so here I
just have a four over here I have some
natural nipple butter from Earth mama so
you know if you're breastfeeding this
will help to sue the crap nipples and
just to keep them more
strived funny because all my life I've
never even thought about even heard of
nipple bum until not other side of my
bag right here hey baby
honestly in September I really dunno how
the weather's gonna be like you either
still be very hot or getting cool so and
also I don't know how big it's gonna be
so figured I'll be handy to bring some
newborn sizes and maybe some clothes
that's not too three months for a
newborn size clothes I have this cute
little t-shirt
it's got like a giraffe lion monkey and
tiger and elephant on it and it's match
with these company at great bottoms be
cotton bottoms this is a set that I'm
bringing also comes a little striped hat
and this animal onesie and it's got the
scratch mins the built-ins freshmen so
he doesn't scratch his face a little
colder he can wear this one put the
sleeves and stuff on it see it's so cute
and then for bigger sizes I have this
one Cena says I love daddy on it so
bright and colorful yellow really
reminds me of his dad because as you
guys know Tim Wirth bright clothes and
then if it gets colder we have this it's
got little paper airplanes again good
mittens so you can scratch himself and
say it's a little hotter this one's our
shorter sleeves so cute I figured it'd
be handy to bring a pair of socks and a
pair of scratch mittens so I packed in a
burp cloth so if he ever spits up this
will be happy a muslin cloth just you
know to wipin whatever he needs it for
and for swaddling I got cheap products
and one is this the swallowing like ik
by Aydin animagus and they were actually
kind of expensive but a party they're
really good quality the more you wash
them the softer that they get and a
party these are just like really good
quality swaddling blankets so I have
this and this one was actually by a
driver and I think she thought that
peanut was gonna be a girl so she got me
this one in a pink one but doesn't
matter thank you so so much comes and
fell crow so he just go like this
and then take this side and rub it like
this and the baby they wrapped up like a
burrito I also hear that sometimes
babies they come bite and their nails
are like really long and they end up
scratching themselves so I figure it
will be handy to bring a nail clipper so
these are the items inside my hospital
bye guys oh please let me know if
there's anything else that I should pack
I'm thinking maybe a tile and some hair
ties for me to tie my hair awake
guessing maybe I could pack in some
diapers but um I'm pretty sure the
hospital is going to provide me some I'm
sorry of this video board a little bit
my only five weeks or so and I'm gonna
be even like I can't believe it it's so
crazy so thank you guys for chilling
with me and I shall talk to you very
soon take care everybody
