Oh
imagine if this is a little wheel chubby
has is her favorite toy Sookie you see
how she clumps the tail part and her
little poles hi chubby she's like my
wheel oh if this isn't love I don't know
what is hello she's you look like she
wants to escape make them kiss oh okay
fine no no no kisses super oh the hills
kiss you do I was talking to Tim
catching a room for a while I didn't
know Dubai memo was just sitting right
there firing at me oh I know why babe
there's on the right side that's why he
love you be private people use the term
chicken as we will say your chicken like
to call someone who is like a
scaredy-cat because to me like chicken
baby just like badass they're always
like you know angry licking check
Facebook and like a potaro all right
bunch of girls are posting the trailer
off with the shades of gray and they're
like ooh yummy I can't wait it and I
don't know I was just me but I mean like
I first read I see shades of grey
because some are recommended to me like
a subscriber I really didn't enjoy
reading the book that much
Rowlands honestly like the character
christian grey just didn't appeal to me
very much
no why would I once a 27 year old guy
that's you know box zombunny over me
when he said no no I already talked to
me yeah yeah yeah when I'm reading the
book I was fed up with you know
listening to Anastasia saying my inner
goddess was you know my inner goddess
was this my inner goddess was that I'm
going to sit on top of my baby bump but
I don't mind to these really nice we
should just get rid come on just with
your mother
hey there under to bed closing how walk
again chop they ate
so yep someone's hiding underneath the
covers ah I couldn't sleep last night
because my else is having one of those
nights where I'm just lying in bed and
the aircon was on and you know Tim was
next to me and my dogs were just lying
in my feet I just I just felt so like
blast then I started like lying there
crying my blessings and because I was so
comfortable that I was just too excited
to sleep you forget that sometimes
you're so happy and you're just so
comfortable that you just want to like
keep this moment forever so it's just
like time to get up though weather is
not good today sooner me
I'm just going to start my day by making
a healthy banana milkshake so I got
banana and I'm just gonna all mammalian
you soya milk or just ordinary milk and
then at the almond milk you see it looks
all frothy I'm ready to be consumed I'm
ready for breakfast behold this is the
baby squisher Gilbert Martin tell me why
can't you forget that your wife is
pregnant because she isn't look pregnant
she sleeps well I was sleeping away and
I had like all these blankets over me
and he comes over if he decides to like
like flop his whole body weight over me
occidental completely forgetting up I
just because I love me
I wanted a cuddle and so like I was so
scared because Tim's pretty like you
know he's pretty light with but he's
still like 60 kilograms which is you
know pretty a lot for Isaac to take but
luckily he was fine
dang girl when you're pregnant is not
two wives of an idea to watch any video
with Pune in it it's so fun and makes
you want to cry hello this is my summer
job imagine if this is the son you've
been playing that oh sorry I'm still
mind chubby I give her a kiss
earlier completely forgot about the
lipstick yeah sorry chubby can't watch
agents of shield until he finishes the
fishing tournament oh man I'm sorry
chubby but I miss you the cute
I think it's really your color best I
could do but I guess it kind of looks
like she's blushing Jess hmm this place
is hold every penny until primates area
a nice ambience
your mama Kelly and our little daughter
Yami's I eat first I think they have too
much good guys
whether you started to get really bad
everybody ready and la ha ha oh my
goodness
piss me off just when we feel inside the
car give it to this guy
