wife really Isaac has become your little
portable tables we got the dolls in such
a good streak I've been like sleeping
off the bed and they like they're on the
bed again because somebody has to sleep
with their dogs
like look at chubby could she sleep in I
don't I have no words chubby chubby
chubby good morning
well at least she looks comfortable do
you think my chubby is she usually like
cyberspace so it's good that she sleeps
like in the bottom
Damo on the other hand like sticks to me
like glue should we do with you guys
ever since
Ultraman awful thing you don't love me
anymore
because I like the big belly and I could
share everything no fair I'm a street
when you kiss me so I don't remember
well don't kiss me now cuz you got the
morning breath you know what a kiss or a
hug
Oh
that's look guys those are my legs is my
fingers haha because of my pelvis my
back I kind of I've kind of been stuck
at home so ah quite boring not much to
do so as you guys know from my recent
year my video I need like my porridge
parter tonight I mixed it with my almost
harder out a little bit of water so this
will be my facial treatment for tonight
I mean like you know for my tutorial I
use tummy but you don't have use coming
even use yogurt you can use olive oil
you can just spit it into your normal
cleanser and was just chilling in bed
earlier and could my bun get any higher
gonna be a good night wife really Isaac
has become your little portable table
bomb oh sit sit
Bogey's I'm just in episode 4 kind of
started and then I could have left it a
little bit but so far it's okay it's not
like amazing but I do like the guy lead
I think he's really cute oh my got my
granny I miss her so much she's so cute
she's carrying one of our dogs not sure
about smack Hermia like the button so
big Tim is eating sushi from like two
days ago I'm not sure if this is a good
idea and he offered me some you think I
would risk it for a biscuit yeah we
shall find out within the next 24 hours
if Tim experiences ring of death our
fire Ring of Fire
dipping morsel is awesome yeah that will
like reduce your chances of getting
salmonella why would you have some
another so cuz this is a piece of
something oh yeah sorry not some but now
haha Listeria yeah I won't got confused
why did like you know people so you get
Salmonella from chicken make it look
delicious you feel oh this is the odd
what's up there good morning puppies and
letter doctors gonna be
sick of wearing to see you cuckoo I know
what it's like to be unite by wearing
the same clothes all the time
only if you don't see me wearing this
and these shorts yesterday
follows to be very honest I really don't
like buy a lot of food and very likely
see lemon Camuto sorry
you should do something up at home but
yeah I'm very lazy when it comes to much
glue but when I do buy flu I buy them
with like some salt we're out of link
and she said
hungry and I'm craving colleges mmm it's
fresh bread mmm fresh ingredients will
get all over super sandwiches I get a
supple Holmes discipline doctors meeting
went well
doctor says baby's healthy and I'm
healthy I asked her like what her
thoughts are making natural and cheeses
things like you know do you think there
was a problem with me being able to tell
thoughtful actually but she also day
reminded that like private hospitals
they push cesareans and she kinda
recommended me to go back to the public
system and without being fair cheated
say the baby is like the bump is on the
lower side but like she doesn't think
there's a problem anyway so weird I'm
getting like two sides of the coin both
from doctors which is very different
opinion oh I don't know guys I'm so
confused I don't want you to try both I
don't want you to die try not so good
down there I'm gonna get cut open then
it's like what's the point it's like the
worst of both cases what do you mean by
room dine dare how doesn't make make a
choice in the trunk
make a choice obviously I wanna like go
natural I don't know
I think cut it open it's easy for
chrimbus a imagine like how painful it
must be giving birth mark on you honey
you owe me your life people this is
called two dots two dots mm-hmm how deep
it goes William hope you got it really
good
Harley harmine up when she still sees
everything here kabobs baked potatoes
all this is so hard because I'm so bad
at making decisions I really like your
sources of hiney they say that you
should well your other half you should
look forward to seeing them like you're
look forward to having good food Blanche
tim has a baked potato and then what
cheese of course and then I got I'm
dipping I have six we have a little
fruit salad cheese and ham to fit a
pineapple and a chicken kebab tortilla
wrap
Bon Appetit I'm struggling to finish my
baked potato sandwich
what is he order
yeah
he wants this not ye but he wants this
oh poor you
Tim and I got home and I was so tired
and woke up and took a nice shower I
feel canine good news yesterday we
phoned the Mac repair guy and he says my
information could be 100% recovered yeah
also means that my my videos are saved
hopefully yes I shall back up from
knowin I didn't think it would like
happen to me you know it some people are
like why don't you back up and it's like
the most painful question ever so um oh
my gosh guys these two days I I have
such a big appetite I don't know why
maybe because like Isaac is just like
growing loads I don't know but like as
you guys can tell I've been having such
a sweet tooth and I've been so good
eating healthier but you know ever since
I find I passed my gestational diabetes
I've been like over more myself so like
a hat a scream last night and then I had
chocolate cake today I'm just you know I
wake up on I go on like a monkey attack
