hello everybody it is Bub's welcome to
my 34 week of pregnancy only three more
weeks until I'm considered full term and
only seven more weeks until my due date
according to my app baby is not a size
of a cantaloupe measuring approximately
seventeen point seven inches long from
head to heel and weighs almost five
pounds um we'll get through later but
like other today my current weight is
actually not fifty seven kilograms not
so I'm only three kilograms by two I
think I'm going to surpass his way to be
honest through these few weeks I've been
experiencing such a whirlwind of
emotions so let's start off with my
doctor's appointment that I had in my 30
second look so um I just member stepping
through the door and then the doctor's
eyes is like it was like why didn't fear
because I don't think anybody expected
my bump to be so big especially for my
size and baby it's just absorbing really
well he's just absorbing everything from
me every time I see my private doctor
she does an ultrasound and she was
measuring Isaac's head and at 32 weeks
gestational age Isaac's head is a size
of a 34 week fetus she's like whoa and
you know she was like you know looking
on his body and everything was chunky so
you know estimations could be wrong but
she is pretty certain that Isaac is well
over five pints at 33 weeks at 32 weeks
Isaac so supposed to be like four as
parents when you think of my babies like
nice and chunky and healthy you're happy
right but then like saipan story and
appearances is pretty terrifying and she
is pretty solid
apparently when it comes to her
estimations just rarely like you know
off very much so she's like don't get
too happy yet because
I'm a little concerned whether you're
able to give birth naturally it's such a
big baby I'm freaking out am i giving
birth to like I don't know like a baby
that's the size of like a turkey you
have her Christmas another thing is
because my upper body is so short um my
baby doesn't have enough space to grow
upwards so what happens is he's growing
outwards and according to her this is
not very good this is not the optimum
thing you want if you want to give birth
so it makes a little harder and just in
a nutshell she gave at 80 to 90% chance
that I'll need a cesarean so I was
really bummed out that day because I
always imagined myself giving birth like
naturally like pushing and then after to
pushing and you know how to have a baby
took a few days for me to accept that
okay if I need a cesarean oh okay a
cesarean you guys are saying bubs try to
go natural first and if you can't go
natural get the emergency c-section but
a para need that also has risks and
because I'm giving birth in that private
hospital that causes a lot more as well
of course money is not the factor in
here you know what is most important is
if baby being healthy I'm more concerned
about the risks and another thing is in
Hong Kong
especially in Hong Kong private
hospitals they tend to push cesareans
more because they need the beds so
that's my concern that's why I'm seeing
a doctor on Thursday that's not from a
private hospital just to get a little
input from their perspective was
something that has really affected me
emotionally is having something called
services previous dysfunction so SPD is
actually pretty common um it happens in
about 105 women so unfortunately I had
more of the severe case of it I have a
pretty high P intolerance the pelvic
area in the joint it's so loaded with
pain receptors
the pain receptors have gotten the best
of me these are your two pelvic bones
right and in between is a cartridge
everything fits together well it's not
supposed to move very much but during
pregnancy your body produces something
called relaxin and what happens is
illusion sore joints nice very very
normal for it to loosen a little bit but
if it listens too much then it becomes
unstable so obviously this is your
pelvis right so it's has impact on my
legs so you know as long as I need to
use my legs it just caused like ah such
extreme pain you know standing up
walking or I'm sleeping and changing
sides getting into your car getting out
of a car you know putting my pennies on
it was just so painful
I spent nice just crying myself to bed
because you know it was just my way of
just releasing our detention no like I'm
not gonna deal with this for the next
like eight weeks there's no way I pretty
much didn't want to anywhere I just
wanted to stay home and you know when I
was walking I was like always walking
slowly with a limp and my hands like
against the wall like holding anything
to help support me really is annoying it
you know your third trimester you need
to pee a lot right so each time I have
to get out the bed it was just not nice
and then one that I felt so helpless and
I asked you guys to pray for me just to
ease the discomfort and you know as a
days passed by I think I'm feeling
better and better each day at beginning
you know it was still sore but like I
had a better attitude towards it you
know I know I really feel like sure it
still hurts when I walk but it's not
like trip when where I'm I feel like I'm
limping very interesting because it went
from back pain into pelvic pain I'm
starting to get back pain again I don't
mind because the back pain and you would
put all my symptoms together none of
that even compares to having the the SPD
you remember I still wanna buy how my
joints felt very like stiff around my
pelvis not anymore it just feels really
loose when I walk and I really do look
like a penguin I feel like I have a
truckload of appetite when I wake up I'm
like hungry right away where I'm just
like I must eat you know I would just
open a fridge I'm like trying to see if
there's anything it's almost as if I go
in a frenzy I always want to have
Michael Saito dessert I love oranges
watermelon absolutely repulsed by the
thought of carrots broccoli and most
green vegetables to be honest maybe I've
been a tad edgy and emotional I've kinda
been like overreacting like over like
little things
luckily Tim's a smart guy he just stays
quiet and lets me have my moments
I really don't have any swelling at all
so I know I'm smelling and my rings fit
me or not and they actually still fit me
mostly the baby sucks load darted
movement I feel like I'm getting it
opposite I feel like he just moves
constantly all the time and I feel like
he's everywhere I feel him on the left I
feel him in the right
I feel really low I feel really high
this is my belly and you'd actually
start to see stuff like this more you
know you see like the knee just going so
it's kind of creepy but I'm really glad
he's active and I got my hair cut my
long ago and I feel like my friend is
has already gotten really long my hair
is growing really really fast and nail
art I feel so strong I feel like I'm
like Wolverine so this may be TMI for
you guys and something I don't need to
say but you know the crazy flog so you
know ladies is what you will anticipate
I have been experiencing heavier
discharge so panty liners come in handy
north time to show you guys my baby book
this is Isaac at 34 weeks then front
feels very heavy sometimes
I just want a lift I believe I go to the
toilet it's actually hard to believe
that I still have like weeks like a
month and a half to go I don't even know
I am supporting this massive belly it's
just huge we have reached the end of the
pregnancy vlog once again so thank you
guys for chilling with me and just
joining me on this journey and I shall
see you in the next pregnancy vlog I
think when you have maybe one or two to
go max so take care guys bye I'm pretty
sure I can eat cereal of my belly as
well
