the guy who delivered it was like oh hi
come you ordered water and I was like I
want to be healthier but then I said it
while I was holding this it's currently
seven o'clock this is just last three
today to miss off to me two strands for
dinner and drinks something you see her
cheeks are so red she doesn't like it
though mm-hmm
come on work with me work with me come
on work with mommy good that's it adult
conversation and I just rather him just
be able to enjoy his friends companies
good for the heart and soul you enjoying
it banana
thank goodness for a couple and
ibuprofen one each ibuprofen for Ayla
Calpol for Isaac and they both seem a
lot more calm I think in this trip I
just feel like you know I was cooked up
in his apartment a lot of the kids and I
just really have just been running on
empty the kids have been really wengie
lately which is totally understandable
like Ayla
she's never ever been like this she's
always been my happy angel yeah DC's she
is either expressionless angry or sad
I'm gonna admit guys I'm so glad we
brought the iPod over I think I've
subconsciously judged parents for giving
their kids iPods bring out on holiday
because we know that like you can't
travel what isn't something they might
be bored but but general would never
learn play of it no I truly truly
understand why
parents give their kids iPods from time
to time because I think Siddhas I've had
I've been able to do laundry hiding cook
for two kids cook for myself
thanks to iPod I was able to tell Isaac
this sit in the living room while I try
to get his sister to sleep instead I've
had that he's not so bored we don't have
a lot of toys here in this apartment and
since we haven't been right much we've
been cooped up in the apartment they're
just really bored
do you feel better right now I want to
run errands I get groceries Isaac knows
really sweet because he was something on
the crunchy knees and he was telling me
to do it and so I was just walking
behind him he just reminded me to enjoy
like the little things don't be so
serious all the time so good news guys
it looks like her second tooth that's
finally cut through since coming here I
have been nothing but Negative Nancy or
emotional Emily and I think that life is
like taking a dump you just flush it and
just let it go no point in green and
stinking yourself this important thing
is I'm I've decided to take charge of my
emotion you know where right now I'm
working on a surprise project but it's
related to to school why haven't I seen
you in forever
it's my skin is so dry and irritated
it feels really tight um sort of hurts
even when I pull any expression I'm
using this gold premium modeling mask
which if I'd be very honest looks
completely from the bulk keeping this on
for 30 minutes and we'll see how it
works also picked up this hada labo 14
booster serum set as for dehydrated skin
I just applied some to my face and I
know it looks a bit wrong
the color but just when you guys can see
it feels very slippery Oh Kai every
watching don't don't cuz I know what
you're thinking don't I loved
slapping my face I don't uh cuz I know
you're gonna like what taught me later
I'd say something inappropriate but I
love you Kay I'm sure you guys have
friends where they can make anything
inappropriate
that's my cousin Kai the guy who
delivered it was like oh hi come you
ordered water and I was like I want to
be healthier but then I said it while I
was holding this today I was able to go
for a couple hours
that was everything for me you know when
you're stressed one of the best things
you can do for yourself is just having
some time to yourself doing something
for yourself and then when I came back
Tim had some time to go ahead by himself
so we can get some fresh air
this way let's just been fed so I'm just
gonna mash something up for her also
prepping more puree she'll be trying my
carrot that's a whole family hasn't been
feeling well you can see in the verge of
food using little I call it trains you
know this guy loves stray so I think
look there's one coming
but came it's mummy Anakim in a tree
it's coming with the waste thank you
one of Isaac absolute favorite cakes are
the Creek cakes the moment when someone
sends me this tweet no kids one kid
two kids Connie so glad that we have
Isis old clothes here or she would be
cold
oh she's woken up again I don't think
she thought very long and I decided that
I just want to say I'm just gonna
cherish my cuddle time are we gonna have
fun
hello Oh what's up the face has such a
good sleep despite Ayla waking up three
or four times last night I've been
taking magnesium anything can be used to
relax and muscles and an anxious mind I
didn't realize it but my brain was
subconsciously anxious all the time so
and that's why I struggled to fall
asleep but the magnesium really seems to
be helping just quickly talk to you guys
about something while full house is
asleep no people who go on Facebook and
they leave very cryptic statuses or
people who invent on Facebook and when I
see people do all the time I see
something or why I put on the public a
few days ago on my Instagram stories I
did a little bit of venting watching as
I was pretty bummed about Tim goo and
I'm having a bit too much fun and I
wasn't heard of I'm going I I was hurt
because I thought he couldn't fight in
his place to come back a little early by
early 3 and to help me I stood two hours
made everything but he didn't know I was
sick in a nutshell I expressed why I was
upset he understood he apologized just
moved on from the others life a very
kind subscriber told me to go to cut
some of the comments in one of his
Instagram post the comments even though
with my best interest is hard I know you
guys are just watching it for your girl
I was heartbroken about it too
my husband's the type that says you know
those who might don't matter and those
who matter don't mind but I knew and
upset him I didn't know what those two
nee little posts could direct so many of
you guys so word sampans we wrote the
book together on how we overcame our
problems I thought okay you know we've
opened up its okay to expand a little
bit more times but I don't want you guys
to take sides so to clarify it we were
doing something I'm are a couple dogs
best having it if I can carry over it
when I start my rage isn't perfect my
mind was just most days we adore each
other but there's some days where I'm
gonna kick him in the balls but that's
marriage for you basically concluding
everything off that was never my
intention to portray the perfect
marriage I guess I've just always felt
so comfortable and I don't know maybe
too comfortable what I didn't realize
was that it would lead a barrage of
judgment towards the person I care the
most about and that is what I am the
most apologize for and I know Tom and I
wrote a chapter on hi we overcame so
much to find each other again you know
it was really difficult writing it we
knew it was worth it because it inspired
a lot of you guys to choose love I
realized that yes I'm a very open person
very open person but here's the thing my
husband isn't know a lot of you guys in
the comments really appreciated me being
real about a marriage but I think we
should be more private about our
marriage again I think it's really
perfect example is also this show how
your emotions I mean don't learn to
control them they consume you you know a
snowball can turn into an avalanche and
in the moment I was just so marinated by
my emotions that I didn't think I
thought I was just spending but then you
know it I got pulled out of context so
yeah as realize I want to be with you
guys I endure some stuff she's just
really be between husband and wife
especially when it comes our little tips
like no other people should be involved
and I should have known better and I do
know I spent the day feeling really bad
but then I realized that I wouldn't do
anything you know what son is done
what matters the most is that we learned
from it and move on to do some errands
and I'm gonna dye my hair I feel like
the water in Hong Kong has made my hair
really yellows I think I'm done with the
whole Samba thing yeah I'm ready to have
it one color again here comes the
jumping are you ready here comes the
aerial team
