his evil bugs like you do not want to
piss off your wife I adorable he put the
tracks led meet a little he made a
perfect circle and he stands on it
hi clever as the last one Wow
let you have tea thank you Wow oh it's a
gut wrap hat
let me see mommy duty to put a train on
it it's so original I love it
did you think of it yourself
it is currently 9 a.m. and I have not
slept at all last night
Tim when I was fine I put the kids to
sleep never slept because I guess as a
sofa I always worry each time Pecos I so
I checked my phone so for I am NOT back
that's fine five nothing six nothing
seven nothing so message Jim are you on
your way are you okay no message I'm
gonna get really worried I frantically
call his friends to find out that
they've all left home early I wrote
three I can make panic phone calls a
right 9:00 a.m.
I finally get hold of Tim and he tells
me he's on his way back I had been up
last night in tears just worried just
thinking oh my goodness someone's beat
him up for he's laying in his streets
he's robbed or I don't know this time
around when he gets home I'm not going
to shout at him I'm not gonna do the
typical wife nag I'm going to freedom
with a smile I'm gonna ask him to get a
nice shower and then I'm gonna make him
stay up because in about one hour both
our kids are gonna be up I think as if
he texted me halfway
during his time I last night I would
have happily taken care of our kids but
because he's been so irresponsible
now I know that he is hung over and not
feeling well I'm gonna make him stay up
because guess what last night neither of
us slept
the only difference was he had a great
time so he is gonna learn his lesson
this is evil bubs like you do not want
to piss off your wife all my girls can
relate I'm scared and I'm not even too
okay I said he couldn't sleep until the
kids wake up okay
that's only fair right I mean the kids
are still sleeping so there's no point
of him sitting there yeah
McDonald's delivery um yeah I got some
some for Tim to but I'm still livid you
guys see my eyebrows are starting to
crack because this Gaby is starting all
crusty looking right now what about your
eyebrows maybe I'll wait till AILA's up
before I make Tim wake up I don't mind
him Gornick socializing with friends
seeing them like a dinner or an earlier
bar night with friends got to a point
where I'm I feel like I'm I'm so fed up
being worried all the time I get worried
would have someone's beaten him up what
if he's laying in the streets I just get
so worried sick sometimes I just don't
like I've got
why this is one of the reasons right
left Hong Kong because I can't I can't
deal with it I don't know why I dealt
with it back then these moments made me
grateful to move to UK I loved Tim's
friends they're great people and it's
okay you know they're living the single
life they're alive to go and drink it
was just a different story he's got two
kids he's apologized and I've accepted
it let it go he's resting in his room
and honestly it's not and he defeated
punishing type and I believe like he's
already gone
the price are starting to scab oh I like
soap grow I just want to pick it all off
but you just have to let it fall off by
itself
anyways I have something I want to show
you guys stirred a Tim randomly came
back with some outfits for Ayla he
actually went shopping for our daughter
guys must be intrigued whether I fits
that my husband pitch this guy does not
shop he doesn't shopper himself he's
been wearing the same t-shirts for the
past 10 years can you imagine how
surprised I am that he came home with
this because this is absolutely
beautiful
just pure impressed because this
actually looks elegant like he actually
chose something of a nice lace detail
got a Tootsie and it's like a pale pink
because he knows I don't like bright
pink here is the second one which is
more him it's actually a Wonder Woman
onesie even comes of a head bond so cute
we're headed to Carson's birthday party
we're here
we are currently experiencing the
typhoon 8 we live in the northwest and I
think it's hitting us I think that the
women have no price product on so
actually looks pretty natural a mall is
open but as you can see most of the
shops are closed the girl behind us but
there was a little toddler girl behind
and they were legit holding her grocery
shopping in Hong Kong yet these tiny
aisles which can fit like one or two
person each aisle and notice how even
Isaac's trolley it's a tiny one he might
and at my booth there's a couple arguing
another war the guy actually saw I'm
looking at the same time Tim and I were
like this
you
