Benny's gonna eat you and you love it
when you have new PJ's like was six and
just cut off my hair I thought it'll be
like a lot quicker to draw it it's
actually not that much quicker but my
hair does feel a lot thicker and rhymes
Calum new from all directions from the
left and the right
that allows you to do my face for some
analysis the videos will just bug out
making the highest quality and I'm just
chewing just chilling in my basket
little bit me I've been doing and these
exercise that's supposed to strengthen
my pelvis
I do nothing back and you see like
there's a little gap here cuz the arch
of your back if you do is you just push
the small part of your back towards the
wall on this strengthens your core and
it's able to strengthen your pelvic
muscles as well because of FPE my pelvic
bones because they're like far apart one
is higher than the other so by doing
this this helps it balance a tie and
make it stronger not just do that
I think the crazy thing is I really feel
like it works my quads as well it's kind
of like win-win you just breathe spring
up like all the wonderful beings on
earth so really like I've been little
bummed by watching the news there's just
so many like bad things happening and
get so discouraging especially because
I'm so emotional these days and feel so
much like empathy for like everything
that's going on you know in israel-gaza
mh17 not I mean all of those defense I
just kind of imagine what it's like also
remember that yeah like the news
obviously update everybody on current
events but a lot of times they only
really just stress and they mention the
bad things that happen you know like
there's a lot of good things that happen
in the world there's a lot of good
people as well but it just happens that
you know I'm anything bad news has more
of an effect just remember that there
are bad people in this world and mess up
things happen but there's also good
people and you know good things happen
sol
my little sister just started to do and
blogging
it's April of of just 1 L and she just
blogs about like lifestyle beauty
fashion just look like a little bit
everything if you guys are interesting
and definitely check out her blog so
here you see you know our family dogs
Mac and mia there's my mom there's my
sister April so you guys think that
April and I look alike but yeah she
makes like little reviews yeah you guys
can check right
I swallowed a watermelon this angle
looks like some persons like bent over
this is their ass crack this is their
butthole he's massive right oh so heavy
listable
fan it's gonna crush you I'm going to
crush you know my mama's hair gets in
his eyes so I put a fill crow there so
he can see normal I do it for your good
dumb old hobbies back home good morning
guys
that was good sleep well I was watching
angel from beautifui as your hair and I
thought it was really interesting so
I've been styling my hair that way and I
actually quite liked how it looks you
can use your straighteners if you want
but some you know you guys know I've
been using light and styler
now morbid volume eyes look what you do
is you know you would curve your hair in
to make it like volume eyes but what
angel ado she would do one section would
curve in and then the next section to
curve out the next section curve in and
she'd keep alternating around her head
and yet I'll show you guys how it looks
as you can see and then for the next
section I'm going to curve it right
if our next section I curve it in my
fringe actually curves really really
fast and member when I first cut it like
I felt really short and why is like long
again wonder like one day with this hair
cell ever beating always scares me a
little bit this failed for my forehead
so that was super super quick today and
just makes my hair look really like and
volume eyes so you guys should
definitely do they go on you know check
out angels channel she's really sweet
when you do that like curling in and I
technique you when it's in a ponytail it
actually like it wasn't just walk dine
it has like a nice shape to it as well
and the heart from me so you guys me
watching me eat do you guys ever feel
like awkward when sometimes you see
people watching you eat the thing you
should do is you eat to make them feel
awkward so what you do is you keep eye
contact with them when you eat and eat
slowly tonight make it something easy
just gonna make a fucking video today
one of the myths of any DIY and it's a
remedy that I've been doing for almost
three
I add like for me doesn't mention that
my skin looks blue here you guys are
like it's the pregnancy it's the red you
love to play this little game with
almost why I choose you just walk slowly
to rhythm adore this little thing like
this sometimes you see you run for ages
but he's still on the spot
the big hydrogen so we set a color
patient yeah hey how many can you do
hey chubby dizzy chubby how many can you
do you're good on here huh thummell
you're totally doing it wrong
Chuck Toby gets idea what I say too
