chubbie stop it chubby I just said stop
it
chubby stop group this we're going to
buy Isaac it's all curled up to one side
as you can see wavy how the wifey Ian is
drunk again in our living room
all right do you mind call likely cuz he
woke up
come on kiss kiss kiss kiss mmm mmm okay
exit buggy set kid what get my ball
good boy sit maybe she's calling again
chubby stay here to keep and company
again what's wrong honey you got blue
all over him after his night out that's
fine
and there's there something at my mirror
is a hospitai
great what can you not see right in
front of you you want a boat that's me
you may kiss no give me a kiss
no tell me she's like can you not yeah
we need to wash that chubby stop it
chubby I just said stop it chubby stop
great so different so different from the
morning water golden orange she's alive
it was all Tim's idea by the way in Tim
is helping he fallen spy you notice
uniques and back in the imperial
empress the eunuch can't be taller and
yes because our thinkin so helping me
this is so degrading Oh kind of scary
but his eyes are open
it's nice 7 o clock and like I'm
actually walking without a limp nice so
I don't know what's going on guys you
guys are creeping me I hey we're a path
to you night sweats and sleeping it's
like I feel like I can feel the prayer I
mean actually like normally you know / -
pass
I don't know you know I've been like
kind of walking like like a villain and
I always have to like hold stuff to help
me walk and but I I don't know that's
kinda like get worse again tomorrow but
I can actually walk and I mean it
doesn't feel that people
I'm just amazing I'm walking around my
apartment and I'm just it's amazing
friend Loretta came to visit me and she
actually brought as like a cage is so
sweet I'm just gonna have a small slice
so pretty I don't want to like ruin it
so I just want to show you guys is
adorable keyring doo doo businesses it's
Tim that I and of course Shelby and amo
so as a gift from as senapathi follies
and she actually and makes customized
key rings so you guys should definitely
check out her stuff you know you check
out herself on Instagram as well she
does pretty cool stuff and she's so
sweet to send me this and looks so cute
can't get over how adorable looks 20
carats
oh we're just watching someone play
golden on a scale of one to ten how
exciting is this 9 just a simple
breakfast today
oatmeal and bananas Tim watch the dota
tournament till like I don't even know
how long we're in a list and there is a
month and I'm like trying to open the
elevator door frames and ain't got
inside and you give me the booster look
I think he thought like I was trying to
close the door on him he actually went
Dan feels like this for the entire
journey it was so awkward sensing a eye
for a little walk because it's kind of
been at home all the time so we're just
gonna grab some good
food unless usually they're gonna mmm
you keep asking me oh you're about to
pop any day and I'm like nope settle
makes you see their eyes going charming
very charming I feel at that tummy is
thing is my belly actually looks like a
boob no like no kidding I don't even
need to put makeup on it looks like a
boob is not disturbing like here up here
and then this kind of rock Hey okay fine
is it comfortable there
I'm not judging you chubby no one judges
you for liking hanging around your
daddies crotch
