great you leave your dog for like a
minute and he somehow finds tissue and
shreds it all over huh you silly your
little face yeah we just got back home
from dinner and it's been oh I feel like
a man new to us and so like crappy
lately because of like the pain and my
pelvic joints so like when I walk it
just hurts so much but it's surprising
like how much like you know in number
two you can perk up a crappy day no pun
intended you guys sent in some postcards
for me put in the fridge so thank you so
much I'm really kinda but reading these
and out you need to the collection in
the fridge of course I got your precious
letters to read I can't believe that you
guys are still sending it and yes you
guys just don't listen even like the way
you wrap this so pretty so sparkly
that's like a apples set so you have a
fine gold and then you put the clasp so
I'm guessing the key comes from the
necklace like this so the guy wears the
necklace and I'm guessing the key goes
in also means only the guy can remove
the bracelet I can't get a word I just
love everything that has locks in it
Dada is so sweet I see Tim already got
some flashcards of Lee min-ho oh yeah oh
thank you so much Jesse it's super baby
thank you Lisa I have a baby's owner's
manual and a toddler's mommy oh Bobby's
two books might be somewhat helpful I've
been watching her video since 2008 Wow
you've been you've been watching me for
a while thank you so much I really
really appreciate and I'm
I'll be using these for sure Thank You
Irene the naked trigger by pregnancy and
childbirth belly laughs thank you so
much Terry I'm really really excited to
read this
so Terry mentioned that she's also
pregnant
and this actually helped her proposal
pregnancy so yeah as you guys know I've
been pretty miserable today because of
like the discomfort and the pain so I
really look forward to reading this
what a sweet letter thank you so much
Terry and thank you for the advice this
one is from the shelf
so read the card first almost got little
pictures of doggy oh my gosh
Sookie is this your dog she's labeled
them from newborn three to six months
and then six to twelve months and
there's another one here and I'm not
sure if it's not legal actually so I'll
open the newborn mine first
this is Sookie oh my gosh this is
adorable
cereal so cute little pj set along with
some a little one see here and now I'm
moving on the three the sixth one little
bit we have a what see and the pair of
stretchy pants and are you couldn't
improving everybody also cute like this
much as daddies buddy on it all these
are so cute
even comes up a little hat these are
little punch I think it has a little
bear at the back in the butt as well
this is you for one year so she's got me
sorted for school year Batman think he
comes with the Cape and it's got a pair
of chairs as well
wow we got kids and some key
I think it's so spoiled you got far
doing anything but I really really
appreciate it thank you so much they
look so aggressive but they're totally
just playing around a lot of times you
guys um include your email address
because it means I can reply you right
away because when I come to like you
know all your lives I get so many of
them so I'm really really sorry to say
that I cannot reply to like all the mail
that I get um but when you include an
email address and makes it a lot easier
for me to like email you box even so I
can always guarantee but hope you guys
understand and I do really really
appreciate every single letter guys I
just had an amazing time reading your
letters guys I'm T Josh your squirrel
are so Q I didn't even know you can keep
squirrels of pet Lily I just really
haven't been feeling the mood to vlog so
much and I guess the reason may be
because like mentally I just I don't
feel too good and it's just it's just
amazing like just how much your mood
couldn't be affected from pregnancy and
I mean like pregnancy has been so easy
for me and I know I've been kind of
going on oh my god
looking at the beginning us but with the
symphysis pubis dysfunction like the
pelvic pain yeah I couldn't even mention
the night's I would just put the head in
tears any like you know every day I kind
of need to like release the tears and
I'm not crying because I'm like all I
want some sympathy or I want attention
but it just it really helps me release
that tension because it's just so
excruciating I don't want to just you
know make a flog and all you guys here
is just me moaning and whining about it
I thought you know best is just leave it
to myself the last trimester hasn't been
very easy at all it's been very very
painful so I know like before I was like
taking my time before peanut comes and
now I'm kind of like oh I hope it comes
soon enough it just makes it feel really
bad because you know Tim just breaks his
heart to see me like so upset there's
also a lot of women right there and
you're dealing with a lot discomfort so
I feel you know on the topic off
whatever better go to sarin or natural
may I begin different advice there's you
know the woman who have been telling you
that okay well why don't you try a
natural first and then and if you need
to do the emergency c-section well you
see that was what I wanted to do but
then you know things like this could
call complication so I'm worried if you
know this causes risks for the baby some
of you guys are like bubs just go for a
c-section just listen to your what your
doctor says because doctors know best
and that is absolutely true some people
were worried that I thought that maybe
having a c-section to make me feel less
of a mother absolutely not at all it's
definitely not because you know I see
giving birth in bodily as something that
should only be praised for like mothers
and during like nine months of privacy
that already really is something besides
the recovery after see
is long and painful so respect there any
concern is um you know it's often known
that private doctors especially in Hong
Kong they tend to push mothers to have
c-sections especially in private
hospital c-sections are pretty common
and is the reason is because private
hospitals they have a limited amount of
beds so they want to kind of be on time
when you know for the next people that
come in so a lot of times they'll say
your baby's too big and yeah so that's
the only thing
so even up with myself in for a private
hospital I still go to my checkups in a
normal public hospital so I'm going to
speak to a doctor from a public hospital
and just ask for their advice it really
is
early I guess to decide anything yet I'm
glad you have faith and everything's
going to work I Evans you know don't
worry guys I'll do whatever it takes for
you know came it to get here safely and
you know reading your letters today just
really brighten my day that's just my
little round bulges and explaining why I
haven't been flogging so much because I
just want to be a buzzkill I mean I
don't feel guilty for crying I don't
think when you cry a major week
sometimes you just really need to cry to
get the tension I but I feel bad because
like I don't like another reason I don't
want to like flog myself for a lot of
you guys you guys tell me that you start
to cry when you see me crying I don't
want to see you cry if you're crying
like watching me cry am so sorry it
really didn't it wasn't my intention and
I hope you're smiling right now at me
cuz I'm signing great you leave your dog
for like a minute and he somehow finds
tissue and shreds it all over ah
so feels good to have a nice char again
just thank you so much I mean like
obviously your letters really trip me up
but then it's not just your letters you
know reading your comments and just
reading your messages everything is just
it does a lot more than you can imagine
and they say does all the time but like
I really do lean on you guys more than
you can imagine
good night guys sweet dreams and just
thank you again just for everything
