that's what she said it's that time of
the day when they yeah I don't even know
what to call this just got a gift from
our friends Lang and Carmen and it's
from Brian Thomas so they've always just
I it's just always been very very like
generous it's gonna come to like you
know gifts and when we die night ah
hey guys so this one's were six months
oh so cute
you shouldn't have so adorable Tim was
like he's like almost 28 and he's never
owned like a piece of Armani clothing
okay
you know I can edit any videos I thought
I'll clear write some off Isaac stuff
just preparing some of his clothes I
could wash Finn's uncle actually bought
back some stuff that I ordered from the
UK so we have and I got nursing coverage
for chic mothers this is I'm not really
sure like I feel like like breastfeeding
in public especially and in Hong Kong
because oh yeah I didn't really see
people breastfeeding in public in Hong
Kong so that is kinda one of these
covers this he just gorgeous
and then you just cover yourself like
fresh speak so like no one can see your
boobies here is some nursing breath I
have here and here is my ad bike
actually feels really comfortable looks
like this and it has a lot of pockets
should I have a breakfast I made myself
a healthy breakfast today healthy and
you secret mind goes peaches and banana
pancakes
ah so looking forward to this just took
our laptop to repair center and
basically because my par was turned on
when a worse build all over it visual
gated short-circuited the battery so
they're just gonna try and see like you
know order damages we're just going to
grab some lunch first and we have my new
papaya salad
that's what
and we got a exhort connect polish so a
multi are fides for the data to be
retrieved hopefully soon I got a new
laptop what's going on yeah did not
expect to get a new laptop so certainly
I guess we're applying to like upgrade
it but maybe not so soon maybe I'm like
happy here maybe I was planning it on my
birthday or something but it's here
we're really thankful because actually
still had like some of the footage left
and my camera's a memory card so even
though I have to edit the foodie chicken
I'm glad I can get the logs up for you
guys you guys like my new music
it's from a special subscriber and
you're swimmin hole touched up my key my
laundry detergent for little ones gonna
be a cleaning Isis clues here's my fee
the car excited she looks these - this
that's not good that's what she said you
know honey here you go they're a dime oh
really doing huh
you do me give you hand yeah I'll be
good agree son fool cuz you're pregnant
and yet you're still standing there
what am i watching
possible what is this the spirit of the
forest the immortal guardian of the
living world oh there are no words
oh my god keep these clothes look
they're so small I think they're dry
yeah they're dry I'm looking at the
maternity packages and um if there's a
child labor that results in emergency
c-section it causes a lot more so much
more you guys must be so bored I mean it
always just talking my baby things easy
I'm sorry guys and even like they both
really okay it was interesting I must be
getting a little boring now so I'm sorry
guys this baby's so cute
hey trying to see the packages because
now I have to look at different
alternatives because I may have to get a
cesarean the doctor actually says cuz my
my body my upper body is so short
instead of the baby being able to grow
up my baby's going upwards which makes
it unfavorable for her birth Oh follow
come here daddy's got carrot sticks
swing you're not going over tip gosh
pretty windy today a party there maybe
not maybe I think that's high food is
coming here I said kind of creepy that
not that noise
you watch him anymore
just picking up the friends and we're
having dinner in a Thai restaurant
called red penny Hong Kong whether for
you one minute it's totally fine before
you know it
crazy rude Debbie do you want a boat
turn a bun
do you like please don't a boat go after
we get off the bed yeah
chubby no more such so cups as soon as
guests come over they just flock to
their side and completely forget about
their owner chubby do you remember who I
am do you remember who feeds you when I
come come here come here come here come
sit with me
oh whatever
come here w you're different right don't
you like me come on yeah chubby good
girl
screw you you don't know okay fine
miss you still have a little bit of me
in your heart okay you can go knock go
go go
