give them a look I'll make them feel
awkward go do it now hey you win just
going to sauna comments and like one
common wrote are you guys like you know
effing retarded but your dogs and your
baby's crib do you want your baby to be
ill first of all do you have to like
think it's such ugly language and
secondly like us please don't use the
word like retarded like that it's just
there's no need and like we put the dogs
inside the crib just to see I would like
a nose cute but you really really think
that we would just put the baby and the
mattress just like that obviously not
obviously if we're going to wash the
bedsheets we're gonna wipe the crib down
and make sure it's nice and clean baby
you don't expect us to just take the
stuff out of the package and just you
know let the baby like sleep on because
you're in production you know materials
collect a lot of dust just like they
weigh my baby clothes I'm not gonna just
let my baby wear right away I'm gonna
have to clean it what baby detergent I
really understand that some of you guys
are just trying to like um give us a
heads up but it's just also things like
this you gotta trust that we're adults
and we know what we're doing Tim and I
we are first-time parents so we are very
anxious in fact you know would probably
go the extra mile to make sure that you
know the babies really really safe so
just have a little faith in us guys get
a girl I wrote the comment like I'm not
even that like offended at me use the
f-word but you know just using the word
retard like that is just very very
offensive so it's definitely
no not necessary face so honey they've
been asking where have you been lately
well actually he says he's been fishing
but um like fishing on his - game so
sometimes I would ask him like did you
go to bed and he's like oh um like 7:00
and I'm like why'd she seems to me he's
like um I was fishing like yeah I'm just
waiting for Tim to get ready and we're
heading to another doctor's appointments
and I looked online and like with SPD
like you just kind of like have the
hacker die I'm wondering if it will
affect me giving birth because like it
hurts when I like open my legs which is
one thing I'm sure I'm gonna have to do
I was like what's stopping my friend and
my gosh you guys know sometimes I send
my friends like pictures when I'm in the
toilet and he goes in broadcast and on
face we're going at East Bay home be kid
okay they actually love it when we leave
cuz we give them like little carrot
sticks you're too happy about me leaving
bit I wonder after they finished their
thing are they like wait a minute
where are they that's a beautiful thing
hahahaha
she can't do that like after yawning in
you though did you by my side reach for
the sky
give them a look I'll make them feel
awkward go do it it's always that one
not hey you win
oh what a day just came home to find
that chubby salt water all over my
laptop and is completely drenched ah my
fault really doctor my laptop on yet
don't even know it's going to turn on
even with the rice it's in the room of a
little like humidifier on so let's be
ashamed because I got like some videos
in there um but yeah so I got back from
the doctors um I'm a little disappointed
because basically Issac is really big
judging from the ultrasound a doctor
estimated around five point well five
point three ounces so she's a little
worried because my frame is so small but
um the baby so big so she says there's
like 80 90 percent chance that I'll have
to have a c-section instead of go
natural so I'm a little disappointed and
the large part of me is scared I may
cease healthy I just feel so discouraged
right now so I think I just need like a
day to just soak into it I just need to
focus and whatever I need to do to get
the baby here is safe just wanna thank
all of you guys for your sweet comments
and the love you guys are just saying
you know if you know eisah comes are
safe and it's all worth it and it is
true you I just want them to be safe and
the question is should I try not trill
first or you know should I just listen
to the doctor and just go forward an
elective cesarean - Voight Ramat
experience so I really don't know part
of me feels like I can do this I can't
push this baby out but obviously don't
know what doctor knows best we're gonna
do a very delicate procedure I'm gonna
try and retrieve my daughter from the
hard drive you managed to take the hard
drive out but because it's a special one
there's no way we can extract it for a
nice so we're going to go to a repair
Center and hopefully see what they can
do about it tomorrow
I deserve a bubble bath you know as if
you haven't done enough go away so um
tell basic somebody else thinking what
am I gonna do from not you till tomorrow
cuz I don't even know how long it's
going to be until I get my laptop back
if I get it back if they can fix it and
it because it's a bomb to fix on my cell
just buy a new one you know it's on days
when it especially almost you know
spirals into like you know crap that you
gotta be thankful for it I mean really
think about it just got a five to one
and refill them this stuff if I have to
and then I was for the baby you know as
long as baby's healthy and if I have to
have a c-section then so be it
and I'm really really thankful because
you guys have been really sweet I'm
leaving me like really really really
really really sweet messages so guys
thank you so much you know just for
encouragement I'm glad you guys are
feeling like I'm so patient cuz I told
you guys to put the bustle up top and
you guys are like don't worry buzz but I
am yeah I'm like I'm vlogging right now
I don't even know how long it's gonna be
until I can edit this village putting on
eye mask on because I deserve it
gonna be using a hair treatment because
I deserve it even though today hasn't
been the most fun day it wasn't the
worst and you know I still have
everything that matters and I still got
family I'm sheltered I'm healthy fair
enough if the situation isn't that great
it's your attitude that couldn't really
really make things worse so tomorrow we
have to wake up early so I should
probably try and get some sleep now I
shall see you tomorrow
