apparently the liquid oh she really
likes him is he really doesn't like read
but he loves instruction my people I
don't know anybody that likes reading
instruction manual do you guys like
reading it I darted I'm learning
everything about this place really so
this is the stroller that we got
actually really like the color it looks
really pretty
Jan shark up so there's like a little
grocery buy that comes with it and
there's a Viper bike oh I didn't even
know it comes with diaper bag Apple a
separate one on this one's like kind of
stylish and plan as well and like all
the other diaper bites are like too
colorful and like diaper baby like half
12 and I am he's still playing around
it's been 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
it's been seven offers good afternoon
guys I'm gonna be heading a trip
lunch yes I'm Ashley really getting used
to having a medium length hair Hey
Miku yesterday I was catching up with
some of your emails guys and um okay I'm
trying to like I wonder how can status
whiteness finding like kind of like mean
about it sometimes I get messages from
you guys and you know you guys are like
hey bubs um I have a channel but you
know there's so much there's so much
competition and YouTube these days and
you know I'm not getting a lot of
viewers so do you mind giving my channel
like a shot and you know it's not that
I'm reluctant to give your channel a
shower I understand the having more
viewers it's going to really motivate
you to keep going and everything and
sometimes it could be a little
discouraging to see that maybe your
viewers or your subscribers aren't
growing as much as you want to I don't
know I just feel like sometimes you just
gotta earn things and just try not to go
for the shortcut the biggest tip I can
give which is also like a useless tip to
some people is when I just tell them to
not focus so much on numbers because
numbers can just really be such a
buzzkill you get so caught up on how
many viewers you get I my subscribers
that can like just totally discourage
you so I mean I just always I just do
what you love enjoy it I always like to
think if you put in enough time effort
and spend enough time connecting with
your followers then I feel like the
numbers will follow on but I wouldn't
get too caught up about them sometimes I
get people asking
oh um kids take a look at my channel
what do you think can you give me some
advice and I love doing that you know
that would be great but you know that's
the difference between asking someone
for some advice on your channel and you
know what you can do to improve versus
just asking someone to like you know
boost your channel through a shout out
you know so if you got to earn it guys
and if your main priority is just like
numbers numbers numbers
and guess that kind of thinking come
really like healthy if you know what I'm
saying you say healthy kid okay Jim is
adjusting the baby seat we're gonna get
Japanese cuisine but we pass by this new
place and a party this is like the 12th
store that they opened so they must be
pretty good
honey the soups take 10 hours to grind
there's a lot of soup for two people
this is tomato fish soup also should be
pretty healthy I actually picked up
another one of these beauty boxes so I
when I get like three I mean get one
second three but I figured why not like
might as well get the five ones because
you know very likely I might be filling
them up peaceful day editing well I have
my decaf tea and digestive biscuits
turns out I have something called as
symphysis pubis dysfunction and it's
pretty much all right you know this is
your pill your pelvic bone right and it
comes in two parts and then there's like
a little piece of a cartridge in the
middle I normally it's not supposed to
be so moldable and then though in your
prayers your body really creates too
much relax it's normal for it to get a
little wider as your body prepares for
pregnancy but sometimes it gets wide and
it makes it really unstable so yeah it's
been so sore for me guys for me to like
stand up or you know if I'm walking or
when I'm getting in the car if I'm like
trying to change positions when I'm
sleeping even when I took my panties on
I'm like yeah it's just so so so
peaceful guys yeah I'm kind of like
wobbling when I walk like because like
my my pelvis just feel so loose Tim
helps me do this exercise where he puts
his fist between my legs that actually
sounds good for fall and then I kind of
like to try to hold in and squeeze my
legs over eight thirty Seconds and
afterwards he uses true fists and
afterwards um he would use the whole
forearm
so this is what I see guys when I mean
like Tim uses his fist and then
afterwards he uses chiefest this is
actually quite a good worker I I can
imagine for your for your legs for the
thighs this is a great worker for me I
come my uncle once um you know sometimes
they use the elbows to massage your leg
oh all the weight on it you got elbow
right in the crotch oh he's okay
feels like someone just like watch my
crotch with a baseball bat it hurts
ah what is she or what do you want okay
thank you I appreciate it
sometimes like when I film chubby a
little bit more you guys are like you
dick Domo that'll Donnell
now will you tell them if I neglect you
Jana gretchy
my friend told me to try a little
something so take a little bit of peanut
butter and apparently you put it inside
like the dogs like here Aparna the
liquid oh she so we shall see
