okay you're getting abuse from your dad
already I really like lighting up my
friend
it feels really like
so with a nightmare getting articles way
Bay
so highly out my day tonight is going to
bed same time as my hubby and with us
we'll get rid of bones that are quiet
and they can have fun chin up
can I see this next to me I dare you how
dare he own autonomy reckon my I just
kept like taking him off the bed woke up
and all I saw him at the bottom oh man I
can't be bothered to get up complain my
back is so so whore these days I just
thought okay fine you can sleep and then
I woke up he's actually like up here
Chetty escaped oh you're a good girl
oppa she looks angry let me get this one
it always wants attention
why did those do that oh the mall a lot
of niggas I'm really sweet and like
offering me like some remedies you can
try like hot laughs like a hot
conference I'm stretching but nothing is
helping my back guys feels like my backs
up I feel like snap in half or like
someone's like trying to pull my spine
apart so
it's not muscle pain that I'm feeling
that it's definitely two bones I don't
know how I can deal with this when our
eight weeks oh good thing is while I
grew up my friend I can actually wear it
like straight across so it makes me like
like so I feel like so much younger my
face looks like kind of like Ryan does
this stop licking yourself I can see you
overnight Pizza really does taste the
best do you guys ever watch like food
commercials and the way to eat and you
try to like reenact is some time to make
a big delicious - sometimes you're like
whoa I'm into the car I like - s like
sound my hair so it's not as um like
flat a top so I got some volume there um
maybe I'm gonna want it even shorter so
I'm gonna cut it so let you guys know
how it goes
I find Jessica sent me this and it just
ended my night perfectly and says hello
wonderful I just wanted to tell you that
you are amazing she know I really like
this quote so she actually sent this to
me so here you see it says you know I
need to make more money to have more
business to get more followers to be
happier to get things done to be the
best to be perfect sees all scored
Artemis's Jesus you so much Jessica it's
just so much I'm glad you're having such
a great time in California this just
feels really easy my hair wash is super
super damaged so it just feels nice to
just feel smoother hair less you can see
still not like really short but I miss
medium light which is uh pretty much and
I wanted you know I can't say I don't
miss my long hair but you know quite
nice to have a little change I don't
remember getting this much stuff Tim
hidey-hole Iraqi store finally we're not
endorsed but if you think we are
how do you wish okay you are watching
this please send me more stuff
oh no puppets like Tim who is family
night this one first which really put
this I think it's here Elmo couldn't
care less
look at Domo hai smug does he look oh
this peanut butter boom Oh like what
about hockey good wait a bit of weight
it's so cute
look like excited tim is looks like a
segue mmm this is ironic because yeah
she really sucks up it come on honey
and who got the fastest lap honey yeah
cuz you can't be no fear for death I
have not seen him this excited for a
while I love his little face light up
the truth I would always say you don't
need instruction manuals but but that's
what the new guys say if you want to
help build the crib I'm like okay and it
was like do you want to do something for
the baby am I not doing enough why is it
always about you Tim assemble the crib
makes me kind of emotional your your
babies want to sleep in that oh wow he
wants to test your berry he's skeptical
huh
okay
Oh give him the treat first try summer
is here I'll be late
is it hard that is night
it looks really cute I want to sleep in
this
it looks so comfortable
you
