I'm sitting on this side tonight cuz she
always bugs me when I use you are you
serious whoa that's all you're having
life each of you I used to mix another
person is she how did you fight in jail
that's what she's good
you're single feel like this looks like
Humpty Dumpty do you need to draw two
eyes here with the face means like today
I have another doctor's appointment
and this is a checkup the formulas is
good it makes the skin look very
flawless it may be a little too light so
when you're using cushion makeup me to
stop the press real quickly just Pat
this makes it easier so in the morning
when you're half a state you scope when
I was in Korea and that's how to makeup
artist is for getting my knee cook but
they were like proper like doing it
really hard because that's how you make
get the really flawless like I was
thinking why are any like why are they
beating me up to the difference to this
one side so obviously I woke up so
there's like redness this is my vampire
okay so girls if your skin is naturally
quite fair this would be a pretty good
product otherwise you might look really
like washed art like me right now I just
wanted to walk the dogs and you see all
the triplets in my face I just need you
the white by my face oh oh it's like
soap Oh cuz you're so sweaty
oh don't you just love opening parcels
at the beginning of the day
we have a GHD paddle brush so we have
quite a lot of stuff here on thank you
guys you guys are so slow this
hanky-panky this is the first night like
low-rise the hall there's so much stuff
here and this color looks really pretty
a little bunch of different things
no varnishes another Beauty Blender so
thank you so much guys for the sweet
package they actually said so many
things there's more politics nice so we
got the mop colors at the top and then
the shimmer colors when I we're just on
our way to the hospital
oh my gosh bill Freeman so just check up
the baby's heartbeat
I think is much as results I'm also
getting my blood test results for the
gestational diabetes so I hope it goes
well so doctor's appointment went well
and yeah so I spent the day testing this
a BB cream as she carries no random and
I mean it's just a shame because the
color is definitely too light for me and
for some it may be a little too dewy so
I did have to say work harder but it did
last for a pretty long time
I'm sitting on this side tonight cuz she
always bugs me when I use you are you
serious
tomorrow I'm going to be getting my hair
cut so high I'm gonna be a long run
right not my hair is pretty long and
actually goes all the way in the word of
my bellybutton so it's just I'm pretty
sure that I'm gonna be cutting it
shorter because I've had long hair for
like so long guy then it's kinda nice
I'm a difference just enjoy one more day
of having super duper long hair you know
like yesterday he was like um I need to
wear more grown-up clothes these days
since like I wanted to my daddy
the nape it's on his like Doraemon
t-shirt if I'm like either side but I
thought what grown-up than your other
t-shirt
I like your traction t-shirt it makes
you look like a teenage father to my
child
yeah a lot of people stare us in the
hospital and like just everywhere I
think they're just wondering how old are
they but they don't know that sin is
actually 27 and I'm 27 I got my Leah ku
posture um April and Justin ha one day
they always rave about it hi Liam loves
it so I got one this is not for you
nice weather how you can barely see the
roof weird weather like NYIT's
like really bright then sunny in the
space of two minutes we're off to just
refill our petrol and someone just got a
little toy will you get mrs. bumble bee
yes but it's not just thing it's also a
car this is for this rising so for me
okay if you say so we have pizza coupons
so tonight we ordered pizza so I'm Tim
and I have the order tree different
hippie because I'm a thin crust girl and
he likes the thick crust what do you
guys prefer this is so Airy it's like
layers of having really buddy good but
this is so crisp lightweight but crispy
this is not you're just just dough it
was like tonight the chill of his boy so
I got the apartment all to myself so
it's okay Lima knows your two kidneys
company my oppa my mom just text me she
was like don't get your hair just cut it
up now I just feel bad because like so
many of you just want me to like stick
with my long hair everything I'm sorry
have second thoughts you cut or not to
cut
Tim brought Basilan again
in company chubby actually slept with
him like all three tonight like right
beside him to get guests so just taking
up some kanji
I have peaches in my water taste is
really good guys I was really craving
for tea but I couldn't find D cap T here
so I got my friend to buy me some a key
and actually I have the test aasaiya
party this is pretty good this is the
Guarnere cleansing water it's supposed
to be like Bioderma but a lot cheaper so
we will see how it performs so why he's
getting her hair cut today how do you
feel good
good drive up it's bigger than your head
you
