let's get you no lololo no life is going
so I have reached 32 weeks eight more
weeks until I joined the milk Club
maybe I was a little cringe-worthy and a
little surreal and a little shameless
okay very shameless at 32 weeks
he weighs almost four pints and she's
approximately 17 inches long your baby
will be situating him or herself in a
comfortable fetal position
preparing to enter the birth canal your
child's days are nice been skinny fat
and muscle learning to use their own
body so they're ready for the
meet-and-greet in just a few weeks away
horny I should even start thinking about
packing my Hospital like already
yesterday I had a chance to weigh myself
and my current weight is 55 kilograms so
of gains about 11 kilograms and the
pregnancy so far all the books I've been
reading also tells me that I'm supposed
to be gaining a pint every week now so
you know I still got some weight to put
on specially for baby well Billy I have
been experiencing a lot of Braxton Hicks
and Braxton Hicks are pretty much as
practice contraction so it's a good
thing to get Braxton Hicks I mean not
everybody gets it but um you know
something's to be worried about and what
it feels like is it's pretty much it
feels like your your stomach or your
belly just completely hardening it feels
hard as Rockets because your uterus is
just hanging up so it's not people or
anything but um sometimes it gets a
little uncomfortable and I've been
getting it so frequently there was one
night I pretty much got every 10 minutes
for from 7 p.m. to like like 5:00 in the
morning so I remember at that time I was
a little worried because I didn't want
my
you'd come by early but everything was
okay
another thing that's new to me that I'm
experiencing is something called bruised
spots I would wake up and I would have
two spots like certain areas in my belly
that just just hurt it feels like a
bruise but if I were to look in a mirror
there's no bruise on an apartment it's
just because the baby has been like
leaning on that area for awhile you know
what I like I've been my god feel so
lucky I haven't been getting back ache
but you know my friend was like be
careful it slowly but surely sink in a
few nights ago I woke up to go dude
toilet and like I got out from dead and
I stood up on a real I couldn't Sun
completely straight I was kind of like
you know hunched over like this on my
back was so sore luckily I got one of
these um like billy support funds which
supports the back and everything that
really helped so every single day I can
feel Isaac getting hiccups and hiccups I
can actually feel it quite low like near
my pelvic area so pardon me if you feel
the hiccups pretty low it's an indicator
that the baby's head is dying so
hopefully this is the case and I sleep
it's hard not to feel like an actual
wheel because you just feel so heavy you
know because you're up muscles just
aren't as strong as how it used to be so
when you're turning from one side to the
other is oh and then in that mid turned
you're like suffocated by your belly and
you know sometimes it feels like
something's in the way it feels like
something's caught or like wedged in the
pelvic area and it hurts when you turn
so I'm like oh okay nevermind and I turn
back
despite sleep becoming more and more
uncomfortable I find myself getting more
and more tired so I can actually sleep
at night I feel like for my third
trimester I'm getting up some of the
symptoms that I got in my first
trimester
I'm starting to feel a bit more nauseous
easier night and I feel like I'm
starting to get like more tired like I
still feel like I have I love energy to
do my everyday doing things it's just
little simple things like standing for
more than 20 minutes feels a bit more
uncomfortable because my back starts to
give in and when I walk the dogs like
even after like a 20 minute walk like my
feet start to like pulse you can feel it
pulsing oh dude Tintin so in terms of
baby movements instead of feeling like
you know kicks and stuff these days
maybe because there's more crumped in
there um but it's more like I can feel
him roll around so it's kind of like a
big wave across my belly and I feel so
awesome and even though he's supposed to
be sleeping more these days I feel like
he moves all the time and it's maybe
because he's so cramped so I can feel
every movement and most of the movement
I feel at the top of my belly right
underneath my rib cage
I just feel him everywhere I mean like
sometimes when I'm sleeping I can
actually feel him near my thoughts like
Lily I had been drinking raspberry leaks
he helps labor supposedly by toning the
uterus maybe it makes it different maybe
it doesn't but it doesn't hurt to drink
this because I actually quite at the
taste of this although a raspberry tea
to tell you to not drink this until you
reach your second trimester actually
booked myself in for hair appointment
for this Saturday and I'm pretty looking
forward to it I just figured before the
baby comes I might be a good idea to get
my hair cut so you know afterwards I
don't have to worry about finding the
time for words I'm not sure what's up a
hair cell I'm going for yet I'm thinking
of maybe cutting five inches off or
something maybe even something that's AG
medium length I think that would be cute
I still try to do prenatal workers every
other day although who know that I'm in
my third
trimester I feel like my more reluctant
to do it I don't look forward to as much
as I used to but I still feel really
good afterwards and when you exercise it
makes birth a lot easier and it also
helps with recovering and find things
back so I want to stay as active as
possible even in these last eight weeks
before I go to bed I like to do
stretches for over 30 minutes and I find
that I really really helps me to sleep
in fact if I don't stretch I find myself
just twisting and turning in bed for a
lot longer I think we're pretty much
prepared in terms of getting everything
so it makes me feel a lot more ease I
think I'm getting myself into something
called the nesting the nesting phase
where I feel like I'm getting the
apartment Paris or I'm doing more
cleaning I'm I'm wiping down surfaces
just to make sure that the apartment is
ready for Isaac what a common question
that a lot of you guys ask is are we
going to give Isaac a Chinese name and
the answer is yes Chinese theme that
we're thinking is Jalal and basically
Isaac already means laughter the Chinese
word love means happiness the l'amour
what a parent want for their own child
than for their child to have happiness
right so we're thinking of calling
handle a lot so let's show you guys the
baby book so this is my baby berry at 32
weeks as you can see here comes the back
egg I just feel a pretty heavy sometimes
special mat in the morning there's like
a lot of pressure from the front and I
had to get some long fast tops because
all the other tops really becoming belly
pops and I feel like my belly has really
dropped it just when don't know where
the other side should be I feel like my
belly is getting so big that it makes
taking a bath really tricky because it's
like I can't reach oh thank you guys so
much for Charlie
care guys and I will talk to you really
soon bye
