nice pillow placement honey you wish the
Argentina and Belgium much just started
I don't know why but they're just
staring at me all of a sudden that guys
I woke up this morning really early I
thought okay I need to paint so I go out
my bed there's something it was like ah
my back was really sir I was like
literally walking like this so weird and
swore and I went back to bed again I
need you to pee again
so then I won't happen when I forgot by
the first ever hurt and then I can't oh
my god
luckily I remembered I bought some like
back support thank you guys remember
somewhere and AH so it feels a lot
better a really good time with my
letters you guys are always so cute I
mean like this is like a little and bit
more a corner bookmark for me to do my
reading and some pictures you guys did
this adorable
and in your cards so nice
actually I have to show you this look
here's a little Superman one see it's so
cute Thank You Shandling I always find a
way to keep themselves occupied
the weather is finally cooling de and
Hong Kong there's actually seven thirty
day and then how come when it rains it
cools down everything a parcel and it's
ron paul of holland my little sister my
friends are all wondering what you got
yeah watch the mostest bunch awesome oh
I think I know it
what is it it's one of those haha it's a
big team up like a building wall
so when I crawl around a white here I
waited for floor full flavor trust you
to find something like this where did he
find this he said he saw it and he says
he had the vibe first Paul actually
include a letter so I'm going to read I
said hi Tim Lindy chubby bubble and bump
to Timmy I'm slowly turning into a
non-drinker
lol Lindy you look awesome being painted
you should be become what a chubby
and Dom oh wait yes Lee wrote boo boo Oh
woof woof then Isaac hurrying come I and
then PS I'll send my nail clippings next
time listen bring yourself next time
Paul that's what we won I also want to
show you guys just necklace oh thank you
so much you're on this is such a special
gift PC it's a a penis with a little
peanut
so it's peanut and I
honey way don't wonder moment you guys
know what I really really feel like
cutting my hair short son I'm planning
to cut it like maybe in the next two
weeks or so but it's so long be so much
easier oh it's my elbow not anything you
have that'll be so much easier to like
handle um you know especially nice it
gets here so I'm looking line I think
like you know meeting my pair is
especially key when you just put into
waves like this
well don't know maybe something that's
got like a lot of layers in it a lot of
volume or maybe something that's you
know kind of cute I have a confession
okay so but you guys can't judge me back
then like I have to admit this or yeah
just being honest and they're really the
plight of children type of person I mean
like I see them and I think they look
cute from a distance but like I had
never really need I don't like
interactive children and I have to admit
this sometimes when I see kids and
they're acting like little buttholes
I am maje and just it's like robbing
them by the collar and discoid come here
little yeah is that weird
do you guys ever like imagine like some
weird messed-up stuff sometimes I have
to show you guys this video guys it's so
cute look puppy is trying so hard to see
new baby I just want to give him this
ball as a gift oh wait
so going so cute it has been a really
really really productive night which
makes it feel good but also makes me
feel bad because I've been singing my
butt all day so oh you can never get the
best of both worlds soaking in some
fresh air look at the collide physics so
fluffy today I'm getting some
I feel like sucking some balls look at
those adorable doggy bed
man I'll overhaul women
the Joey's lockers free shopping oil is
healthy if you have a solid on its own
but you should never cook it guide a lot
of people cook with olive oil and it is
so bad for you because olive oil has
like a low burning point so it's
actually kind of dangerous and cancerous
so you're better off cooking with
sunflower oil then wanted to get this
one because there's a lion on it so we
are getting this one Kim's like what's
grapeseed oil them like it's made from
grapes and he's like what's peanut oil
and I'm like it's made from peanuts
these are today purchases these are from
exo heists like a mineral like cushion
compact tea eye shadows these are mock
colors and then like a real polish here
and then I just got two of these just
these racer like tank tops like a purple
thank everyone I think these two layered
together is quite pretty mm I got a I'm
supposed to be in Nursing Bra and PJ's
comes of shorts
hey tonight we're just coming in
spaghetti shell news most prized
possession just smelly clipper oh what's
so good about it can you tell us why
you've been playing this game for ages
let's do one about fish change your
vehicle tell you hook at this game is
what's it called
yes Fisher a little banana it's okay
whoa that's all you're having
