look at happening a little nervous
Isaac's dancing he liked the song fun
with anyone this guy my mom had an
appointment to get her eyebrows and
brighter today and dragged me here and
look what's happening so they just put
the numbing cream on and I have to wait
20 minutes a little nervous
nikka my time doesn't marry it feels
like getting your hair because right now
they're so dark I can we just change
this girl cuz she did a giant business
and I were off they get some dessert
guys I was just clearing right this
stuff are you sure I think that's daddy
I went daddy was a little boy I said
that's bad de like just like Isaac
though I have to see people for the next
nine days in this it was a very
spontaneous thing to do I decided to do
something as my mom was getting it done
and I was really anxious about it
because I do not want to look like well
we call an SL but back then women just a
tattooed or bride and then look drawn on
and then when it fades it looks kind of
green blue so I was really scared that
these days you can do it so it kind of
looks like the I guess the Korean bride
it's very natural soft and be needed
even until I know I sit at this straight
boy sort of look I don't know how long
that's gonna be in trend for us so I
just kind of followed my natural brow
shape so kinda straight the curves and
edges right now as you can see it's very
dark and suppose the fate thirty forty
percent what actually happens is it will
start to scab a little bit but you're
not supposed to touch it let it fall off
on its own but yeah we will see him
quite quite nervous so by the boys are
going to turn I I was going to do micro
bleeding but the lady actually
recommended this one instead of the
micro bleeding yeah it doesn't look half
as bad with the glasses on I think it
was like someone grabbing a little mini
epilator and just epilating their boys
at people than being honest but you will
experience some discomfort but
definitely bearable so this isn't the
painful type which I'm kind of
disappointed by
oh that's not nice I'm stupid
look I think that's mummy skin look do
you want it he surrended Thank You
auntie Peggy for today's outfit you like
her today so much she really holds these
days
she likes talking you untuck them on me
oh the whole different look I like still
mean with my brothers my goodness guys
even like this someone still said it's
not with the foreigner that was a giant
flower your face is
yeah the best friend you know see you
can so lady was like it could be a boy
dressing up like a girl I don't even
know how to apply attempting to give her
a bottle of no his name would be she's a
boy it's Isaac's bit people must be so
confused I think all babies like like
little boys anyway okay and then a funny
thing is actually talking about us next
table to try to figure out where we're
from
memama
you're not happy
I love her thing you love it but Hong
Kong takeout sushi me welcome to you I
have to make sure you guys comes up I
bought a bunch of headbands for LA
yesterday and they're so cute yeah
showing Isaac footage of himself when he
was a puppy
he still looks at himself in the mirror
like this
he really actually looks the same guys
but with just with more hair he's not
everything right this one he's just
crying baby you love swimming now but
when you were a baby you didn't like it
this is you used to love swimming and
then when you go older you got scared of
the water and now you loved it again
this way which ones I like this one no
what's your friend Carson please little
Miss chatterbox is it ye she's speaking
so much it really looks like she's
trying to tell me something
