I'm glad you're comfortable Domo good
morning everybody it's such a nice day
to be high for a healthy banana
milkshake I just smash it banana and mix
into milk and it makes it taste a lot
better you guys should try it
Sonique
I pick up some Nuno passes from Ed to
hoist the colors are so prettyy makes me
want to collect all of them like
seriously so the color I'm wearing today
is this apple green and on the other
hand I am wearing this color
today I'm really productive but still
keep it clean again I feel like I
haven't really had a chance of lobbying
because you know there's not enough days
in a week there's not enough like ours
in a day's like earlier as I was
relaxing my back like Tim comes and he
is like honey I need to do poos and do
you want me to keep you company because
I could put here if you want no like no
it's fine if I use the other bathroom
with my own he's such a weird opening I
want to pop in your poop articles so
tomorrow I have a doctor's appointment
which is pretty early so as she's try
and get some sleep and sleep honey
oh I can actually smell the poo here so
instead of bhopping into particles I
guess I'm sleeping with particles look
up early today
it's Birds it hurt not even that but I'm
not allowed to eat because I'm doing the
gestational diabetes test
tire Dunning you're annoying stop
moaning and I was thinking of candy
floss tonight okay
you have two big kids honey Oh eating
whatever you 96 or 96 whatever keeps you
happy honey
Thank You boys the sort you should not
drink this - combo yeah I think so the
first did it did it it did is it it did
it did it did it did it
we've been told to go back after two
hours so wife he suggested and she come
back to the car to do this mean the cars
more comfortable than me sleeping in the
bed yeah I can come back to sleep in the
car seats in there we'll be back in two
hours
after Linda gets a second blood test say
good honey
finally did the second blood test
started to feel a little sick you feel
better after you sandwich right yes that
I have my sandwich after there was a guy
earlier of them in the middle of like
starving pregnant woman okay there was
140 pregnant woman right and there was a
guy in the middle of it just eating a
burger behind all these women haven't
had any food all day and no sounds like
looking at I'm going here oh I dare you
eat that burger and Brigida face this
face well he's like me and he was just
like looking at all of us like user
according to Tanner this space has
next-level Japanese ramen and must be
good because this guy normally doesn't
like Japanese ramen most of my hair gave
me that my discrete wine is something
subscribers thank you go drinking a lot
but actually doesn't guides it goes I
like once every two weeks I can do
freedom
I have a little group here each we fill
in details about your noodles and when
you're done you press the buzzer and
someone takes it through there he just
really like it up well I better be
managing this bill they speak Japanese
arigato Fatima
so good I just went to the toilet and
there's a lot of toilet roll there's are
all different
I'm so confused can you read the
dashboard it says it's 37 degrees on the
trophy in my getting some rest again so
that aired the dogs are here malicious
playing was favorite the slipper and
chubby has a wheel and her mud feels
really good people all I died because I
was feeling like nauseous
I'm thinking it was the quickest water
cuz I've had my blood taken a lot of
times and I never feel this like sick
and I didn't even get my sugar high
either
coach immediately oh maybe I shouldn't
just darn it so quick I should have
tipped it fishing gear was really good
did I say I was gonna get some peace be
quiet
really well yeah yeah I speak paint guys
so there's the entire bed the new booth
is asleep on the side of my politics I
think if he knows he not lying in bed so
he's like okay people think right hey
I'm really good enough I feel like so
much bad
I'm glad you're comfortable Domo the
knives did this turn take a nap he must
be tired because he's been driving all
day I just finished editing a video so
no it's just importing you feel hi Lloyd
my laptop is bad for instance like
chubby dropped it
