what have you done that's more romantic
than this you guys it go can't open your
belly cook us in your belly what are you
doing on my bed babe
what's the mode doing on my bed I was
actually gonna head off to the gym but
it's her terrain I guess it's just not
meant to be just uploaded this picture
of Instagram it's like puppies suck my
Oh
which is true you don't just stuff them
we also chew them as well it is such a
beautiful day
I think the order soup in this weather
okay always race like crazy night
routine is actually pretty much typical
Arabian cheese but it's genius mushroom
risotto
we just started train your dragon number
two really reminds me of chubby chubby
black and six and we're home these are
dragons these are small little people
little things but I love you I'm dying
I'm dying I'm dying I'm dying and this
goes on for ten minutes
have you guys ever like left the heights
like with this velvet thing still on
your head
hey I know my previous vlog I was all
like I'm are you feeling like dude again
she's crazy high woman's emotions could
be so you guys asked me to demo with the
vanilla and cool makeup remover so I
just have a little bit here I might just
like a sprite both and I have really
stubborn makeup on my not so slightly
just take a cotton pad I like I soaked
it up with water just a little bit okay
so it kind of dumped and then I just go
oh and just lightly wipe off and you see
everything just comes up so easy and
your eye is so clean it just slips right
off like a dude k a Twitter for all of
us and me as much as it makes me laugh
it also terrifies me but it's also funny
huh you get it cuz peanut yes work that
shield you can't hurt me
yeah ticket have my fist he's like yeah
I'm just gonna step in all your faces
ooh who's that guy over there oh you
like my wispy hair I've gotta have
myself a piece of it this could be
chubby snail telling us that she loves
us your peas in a heart shape the most
romantic thing I've seen all day
ready what have you done as more
romantic than this oh well guys it go
jump open your belly
check this new bird gonna spend at the
beginning of a day taking the dog side
oil and then we're also gonna grab some
lunch
oh yeah be me tell him some getting food
okay when you guys get right okay take
it easy we decided to buy takeout in
Santa's will be impossible at your right
side guys so I'm having a club some
beach love getting freshmen sick man be
bright her chest she loves it
yeah cheffy but that's a spot yeah
I'm fabulous mmm let's see what the
damage is
yay movie links look at his silly face
uploaded some footage and see the iMovie
and this random stuff you guys sometimes
I go to your fridge and you just look
for something to eat and sites you
closed it again and you're like if is if
you're like okay give me something
different and it ate the meal Munn want
to heal with giving us the package when
the dogs are there little things side of
the door see these two little things
check my benefit looking good at the
best revenge hey girlfriends you are
beautiful
love oh wait so put on your lipstick
laughter is the best cosmetic these are
so cute I'm not gonna even want to use
them because they're so adorable when I
read just going to dinner with friends
and I under top such a great night I
started at Tim actually built in his his
letter part for peanuts so a little
while back I got to read my letter
section in this record book for Isaac so
Tim finally rode his I had it sitting on
his office for like I don't know her
like weeks maybe and today randomly he
decided to write it I was just minding
my own business by you know just be
chirpy and singing and talking and he
was like can you be quiet please
no like why on turns licenses needed to
concentrate so when I read to IT guy
here is Isaac letter from Bobby dear
Isaac even Miller is still rolling
around inside mommy's belly I just want
you to know that before you were even
born mommy and daddy had prepared the
best of everything for you and I promise
to try my best to always give you the
best of everything to you if there's any
characteristic daddy wishes you to
inherit it would be that you can always
look at the bright side of everything I
believe that by being optimistic and
positive it will bring me happiness in
life and also to those irani tea tray
like the little smiley face next to and
we have one phrase to share apiece on
which I hope can add as a compass ready
ever feel lost or confused for every
action there's always a reason you can
apply this to many aspects of your life
and if you do so properly I believe you
will learn to understand those aroni
at a deeper level my life my below me is
good real good your addition to our
lives when we can even more complete I
love you my son
beautiful right Michael my son√≠s older
and he can learn to understand and read
and it'll just be so amazing when he
reads back to this so it's hard to
believe that new yorky was only like one
centimeter and then this one he was I
think it was to two points something and
in this one and he was like six seven
centimeters nice he's like 16 inches so
is incredible
you
