but I'm coaster data cameras on a burger
coming so to speak
you are bigger Florida's all hail
everybody is Bob's and hos you don't
even have a name so yeah you guys know
Tim but as promised you guys requested a
ask pose baby edition so we're going to
make this AK bubs
and hose and we're gonna be answering
quite a lot of your baby questions
actually all right so first question is
what was the most difficult part of your
pregnancy I think in terms of physical
why's my pregnancy was pretty good I
didn't get a lot of aches and pains I
think I'm only starting to feel
uncomfortable my third trimester for me
the difficult part was dealing with my
emotions because I think most at a time
like you know I'm pretty laid back and
everything but um yeah up in a little
emotional it's definitely the hormones
acting its job I no longer worry so much
about height and it's gonna change after
baby or I'm gonna balance work and baby
I just have faith that everything is
gonna work out what do you look forward
the most and becoming a parent I think
for me is just being able to see an
extension of Tim into myself grow up as
a person I think that's pretty exciting
I wouldn't play you the kid okay drag
most of my being parents I think it's
definitely gonna break my heart when the
day comes where my kids going to betray
and I to me it's gonna happen it's a
part of growing up and one day like when
Isaac Navy reaches 12 13 he's gonna not
wanna hang out with us and he's gonna
think we're not cool so that's gonna
break my heart I dread if the Sun comes
back and tell me
do you worry harder dogs will react to
Isaac not all actually really don't I'm
actually really excited to see how it's
also interactive Isaac I think I'm
chubby it's going to take her a little
bit of time to get used to having like
another person in the house but I think
she will be so so protective over Isaac
and McDonald because he's so gentle I
think he's gonna be really really really
good with us do you think you want
another baby after Isaac this is such a
common question but well it's always
let's see how the first yeah yeah see
how the first one goes bomb a five so I
think two more and another dog when do
you plan to move back to the UK
preferably two years um we really like
living in Hong Kong Hong Kong's actually
become like a home for us we've been
here for almost five years
four months four and a half week really
okay I'm we like the education system
there yeah and we turned out fine yeah
but hopefully in two years had it I
don't see any more in two years so it
would be less and cheers but I think one
a day comes we're really going to miss
this place
gonna be fun moving out of here all the
stuff we've accumulated what's a bad
thing about being pregnant not getting
periods is pretty good people are
generally nicer to you like if I were to
be at an auntie our shopping centre I
have a bubble around me and people just
so bump into me like I used to
who do you think Isaac will look like I
don't know I just feel like I
it's gonna look like Tim I had a dream
like a while ago and I click like
exactly like Tina for this baby I didn't
get hair till I was 2 so I have a
feeling that Isaac's gonna be a Baldy
baby with big cheeks I think he's gonna
have big eyes big head yeah big case
what does Tim like a by Bob's being
pregnant hmm I like her phone has Tim
change knowing he's about to become a
father yes
questions for me fine
he has definitely become more attentive
one thing he never used to do was cook
and he started cooking for me a lot more
and he's been doing some chores that I
kind of struggle with like as I can't
really like bend our to pick stuff up so
he does that for me
he lets me take up most of the bed pick
up like most of the pillows all the
pillows I'm holy and Tim G if peanut
turned out to have allergies to your
dogs that would really really really
suck but lessee to me and Donnell I was
like our children as well so it's not
something that you know we'll just give
them up easily I think what we'll do is
we'll always find alternatives actually
I read that children who grew up with
dogs have stronger immune systems are we
flogging the birth it's not something
like we really thought about yet even
when we do scans they don't allow us the
flog doing ultra signs we really don't
know how hospitals gonna go so we can
ask but there's no guarantee the nose up
I would like to capture moments for us
so we'll see how it goes you can buy the
house below TV are you determined to get
back to your pre-pregnancy laughter
diverse and pretty active throughout the
pregnancy
I get my third trimester I still
exercise every other day so I mean like
obviously after giving birth for the
first six weeks I'll be concentrating
all on the baby but um I would still
like to stay active what kind of tricks
would you like Isaac to have my brains
your heart are my brains lucky enough
mmm if Isaac had Europeans I think it
gets Campbell oh you're a did Sehun
Jilla okay your ear equally people very
easily you don't think twice up with
someone's like that about me yeah
so much I hope Isaac has your heart so
he always he did good and everything
what tricks do you not want Isaac to
have from us mmm your quick temper
Dennis you think I'm quick temper you're
very cotton right beside my temper
your impatience oh look you're very
vision I'm using I don't like it is
you're a hard-working so we go to our
chief to extremes so maybe with your
brain and my hard-working attitude on
big heart and big heart
alby's little nerd then I can relate to
Totti what I think that's it
oh no I accidentally
I accidentally squeezed amo and thumb
with what I was chopping I don't want to
like move this tripod it's just perfect
for me so can you just like squat oh
hope you guys enjoyed the random like
baby hey are you okay my eggs right guys
is just a continent feels so sleepy
today but thank you guys so much for
watching and I hope you guys enjoyed
Chile with us bye everybody
my laptop makes weird noises Noi yeah
ask you for it he doesn't think about it
hi everybody strangle your neck flex it
when you were here by the die fabulous
bye
