oh she's refusing to come on shall we go
on spa okay
it's like you're not feeling me I don't
need no haircut I don't need you guys
Debbie come on the whole like chubby
come here come here come here
she knows I come here
hey I don't know why she babe go get go
get her say oh I don't want come just
like no this isn't a treat
Kaja be vicious hey don't you talk about
Chuck she used to be chubby doughy
chubby come here come here
show me you know you get my kid me baby
this one's already good girl chop make
out the kiss hey oh come on
you look like a girl again
I was totally worth it right the class -
horrible Chyzyk not like lucky you like
it actually I am like a new girl at the
salons were a little iffy but she did a
big job I think she looks adorable it's
just like ah I'll get you under my wings
oh look at this swab of their eyes are
closed
teaching son harder pee maybe you're so
stingy with batteries I need some butter
to my company ha
he's given me to you already and they
don't work because they have I don't
know bloody keep old battery the whole
pack of batteries in your food eat or
you won't even give me new battery
 him five Jim just got back from
grocery shopping and he still feels
really guilty
basically he saw a guy shoplift in the
supermarket but he felt like he should
have pointed to market maybe he didn't
because you felt sorry for him she was
like what would you do to me and I was
like I really don't know what I would
have done actually I enjoy romantic
walks to my fridge so this is the mask
fatties Annie's way opportune hyaluronic
acid brightening chilli mask it's the
best I just rinsed the mask off and skin
feels like it's in a good we're gonna
use the only good okay yeah
there's bleeding pretty carrot sticks
the way she's done tonight to the making
singer again and we just feel like
having fried advice I like fried rice
it's just one of those you just always
have it all the time showoff
it's really good to lie back
oh hey sleepy a lot it's so weird
because a few days ago like I was going
on I'm Buddhist so kid but for the past
day or two I know I just been feeling a
little bit in adults and last night I
just I had a good cry I just really
needed to cry I don't know a lot of um
you know mothers-to-be experiences um
I'm sure some don't but I'm sure quite a
few too
maybe because our baby's gonna be here
in like ten weeks and you know ten weeks
it's not very far away is it and for me
I just started to just think about the
life that we have no ironheart
everything's gonna change and I just
started to just really really miss it
already
a lot of people say like you should just
write it out write those things you're
gonna miss in the list and instead of
just missing and yearning for it you
should just move it away so I started
writing and I wrote okay I've been miss
just putting my shoes on and just gone
outside just being carefree because you
know obviously when baby gets here when
you wake up it's I'll check on a baby
see if the baby's bed and when you go
out you need to prepare this and that
you know for the baby I wrote off on
this like just getting sleep you know
sleeping in day night so Tim you know
just the two of us and just being
spontaneous freedom and the more I wrote
actually the more upset I got and Tim
came in heels like what's wrong
told him that I'm just so happy with the
life that I have with him and I know
we're really lucky and you know I know
there are a bunch of people who are like
struggling to conceive and you know
knowing they're struggling doesn't make
me feel better but it makes me feel like
blessed that you know so easy for us to
have a baby and he could understand but
for him he was just you know really
looking forward to like guys coming I
guess you just reminded me that I happen
him for like what 11 years and we've had
like so many years of just us together
and a lot of people don't even have that
and you know we're in a age were were
able to look after a baby and yes things
are going to change but it's actually
going to change for the better and I
guess we don't stay in the same point of
our lives forever he was just telling me
even if you got pregnant here later a
year later you'll still be having these
thoughts was so excited for Isaac I
still AM I'm really happy I'm about to
be on mommy but you know I just I've
been living the way I've been living or
as long as I can remember so it's quite
overwhelming to know that you know your
life is just going to be revolved around
like another human being and I I just
really needed to get over the selfish
side of myself and just you know um
remember that everything is going to be
alright and you know if anything is
gonna be even better and you know
changes happen and then inevitable and
instead of being afraid of it you should
embrace it
it's what's fun for birds
it was really long I don't notice
because I really needed to pee or it was
a little draggy and then it's me a lot
to be stuffed this one goes in guys
could I get a cupcake make a cupcake and
she comes back at this huge ass muffin
let's see what does he really look like
all that my fault the belly catches
everything not so after the movie and at
dinner I don't know why but I still felt
like really bummed start crying again
and I thought I had a sister last night
talking to him about it so I spoke to my
sister apart and it was good to talk to
my sister because she understands
because she's got a kid and you know I
was just telling her that I don't deal
with changes too well she said something
that really hit me she said people need
changes to grow if there's no changes
nobody would ever grow and learn and
really make sense at that moment I
realized that I was focusing on all the
things I was going to miss rather than
all the things I was going to gain and I
know when I succumbs alright there's
nothing in the world I'm gonna love more
than him yummy you know he's the best
thing that ever happened to me but I
just can't believe like you know
completely let that pass by me and I
just forgot like that so I'm just really
glad it's like you know clicked in my
head and maybe cuz I'm like kind of
emotional cuz the hormones and
everything but made me feel better
because my sister was telling me that
you know she cried for like a week or
two as well and what made me feel this
way is cuz I felt guilty I was feeling
this way but you know talked to my
sister she completely understood and
that really helped why are you on it
did I say you can get on the bed huh
hey get off I think I might uh be is she
is intuitive so hmm you're just trying
to cheer me up aren't you but mommy's
okay let me go tower head clicked back
on I know he if you let me he to me kid
you
