time's up
it is a giant pancake I'm not eating it
McDonald delivery already it's twice in
one week
feel em up so much am i you're so pig
don't worry about it even hurry I don't
need it
you don't define me hey guys I'm strong
I'm having porridge with fruit instead
you're weak
oh my weak I'm stuffed myself with all
this I'm gonna be strong oh it's a
highlight of your day taking the art
shopping really sure being dragged out
of bed by you you are not being ordered
by you to do stuff all day oh shut up
morning guys so the other day I find a
very interesting post how to make epic
pancakes of your Japanese rice cooker
look at that yes who's gonna be trying
it have this little pan ready for my
rice cooker as I have pancake mix no I I
don't want to waste my eggs and stuff
because I really don't know if this is
going to work so I'm going to try the
pancake mix first it says just add water
I hope this doesn't break the rice
cooker cuz we kind of needed to make
dinner tonight it's worth the gamble
alright so let's see what's gonna happen
while we wait Tim actually got back from
the peel box today and he came back with
some package is now so surprised because
I've taken off my peel box for a while
because I just you guys just keep
sending in like too many like presents
and stuff so I thought take it away but
I don't know you guys didn't still send
this up in so ah hey guys thank you so
much summer it's so cute we have like a
little bear who did blanket and it's so
soft and summer also got some bibs for
peanut and hummus adorable zip up like
fleece onesie these are actually from on
card and so thank you guys so much this
is actually Isaac's first juice we
haven't got cheese for him yet look how
cute they are actually project images it
has a tan soft sign and a night light
that is so handy thank you so much
that's so cool and a blue one a little
doggie in it and then one with more
duckies on it I mean a little comfy
stripy one and also think it's a
projector and also lights up so thank
you so much Burke thank you so much guys
for your adorable presence on your
letters it really really cheered me up
this morning I actually woke up with a
nightmare and it was so real you know I
was living back my moment so I was in
high school I dreamt of this girl and
she's to be so horrible to me and in my
dream she actually attacked me and I was
like oh you know woke up and I was kinda
a little startled already and like my
heart was pumping and I wasn't like you
know mentally I wasn't feeling too good
and then I was going through my phone I
thought Oh like a some tweets like I
always do and I never ever ever get any
mean tweets directed to me but there was
one girl and she didn't actually tweet
me she was talking about me but she
decided to add the at Bub's beauty so I
would see it and she said something like
you know some people should just stop
making YouTube videos when I have so
much going on in their lives and
especially when they're old and I was
like
27 like what's old to you she was like
kind of angry as well I don't know for
no reason like she was angry because I
call my baby peanut like I don't know I
was actually gonna reply her and say are
you mad bro
are you mad bro then I figured it's
actually like a lot easier to just you
know block and was like a really small
small deal but then I was just like you
know I can't believe there's just some
people here is just you know so
resentful over something that's so
little I got more postcards from you
guys for my fridge this one is from
Sophie and this is of the UK that looks
absolutely beautiful and here this one
is from Lindsey I believe yes Lindsey
Thank You Lindsey and Sophie for your
postcards love to have more of your
postcards on my fridge guys I already
have these from you guys run against my
fridge like so much character so thank
you so much I love them Syracuse
Nordiques
for the Warthog is that possible
it was up whoo it's even ready Oh Oh see
how soft and spongy it is in the sides
the question is why does this taste
three guys it is a giant hog head mine
ripped as you can see it just plopped on
top but look it really works okay so I
just took a slice at my time for a taste
test so I have peanut butter and
strawberries in my one piece is just
like a pancake face you guys see it
tastes just like a pancake guys I can't
believe it actually works that was good
so to the Nutter P it looks like a
little cake
si si ah and then one of those movie I'm
like I feel like I should be some
exercising because I try to exercise
every other day but I'm like I don't
really wanna but I kind of need to I
really should and I really could but
would
we have a question guy so I like to mix
it with this I don't know what you call
it and Chinese without the key do you
guys tell me what it is always thought
looks like like a little brain doesn't
it hey hey looks like this after eating
a big meal you should leave more
thankful honey rifle was on my business
when I thank you don't use on the punch
this base you know sometimes you get
like a bit of vegetable stuff in your
teeth and you go there's no way to do in
like an attractive way no then let's try
your best to do it
no like live more subtle when you do it
imagine you're sitting in the restaurant
of consi restaurant that's even work was
on the pitchers when I think
