hello everybody its folks what's
happening so an ask buzz video has been
long long long overdue
just like Tamil needs a haircut he's
actually getting one today look like the
coat
scruffy is I mean you gonna come man no
you can't be shy today and be answering
some of your questions now the questions
I know is that half of them we're
actually like baby questions so maybe
I'll make a separate ask of the video
but kind of like a baby edition goodness
but what today I will be answering more
your random you know kind of everything
questions who would be your girl crush
I've always thought that apartment being
is freaking pretty she's absolutely
gorgeous you know everything about her
face is just stunning what youtuber do
you look up to the Moose um there are a
lot of youtubers that I look up to but
all in different ways for example you
know I really do look up to my friend
Cassey from Blogilates um just because
she's just so proactive and you know she
has such a love for life and her passion
for being mentally and physically
healthy just really motivates me every
time I'm with her I feel like men you
know I really want to go out there and
just you know do you more well I
wouldn't say there was just one youtuber
that I really look up to the most
certain youtubers just really inspired
in terms but then being creative and
being kind what was your childhood
dreams on did you achieve it no I wanted
to be a pop star and no I could not keep
it and we say proper copper coffee pot
five times really fast
okay let's chips hmm proper cup vertical
feet tall proper copper coffee pot
proper copper coffee pot proper copper
coffee pot proper copper coffee pot yeah
what is your most silly face
scary with that kite hi did you and him
meet night when people ask me this
question my answer and they're always
like would uh that's weird
but basically Tim used to date my cousin
and um one day they broke up from
reasons I'll obviously not see and then
and then he was going through a hard
time and at the time I was also going
through a hard time as well and you know
we got to know each other we got to just
really be friends and hi night and you
know I guess some people thought oh you
know probably just a rebound
relationship but you know 11 years later
here we are
who's laughing now what was your first
impression of Tim when he threw saw him
he kinda looks pretty much the same as
what he looks like no you know geeky
glasses um his Harry was spiky with a
lot of jail though back then he wore
Dee's roaring glasses
yeah he sware the shirt and he'd only
button it halfway which I didn't really
understand and yeah he's always like
readjust his stretchy trousers he'd pull
him up to here totally beanie face um
got a little smile I just thought he was
really dorky but really cute isn't even
have a guy that you just you just look
at and just kind of laugh not because
he's funny-looking but just because you
know each is so cute what was your
biggest fear by starting YouTube honest
thing when I started YouTube
I didn't really think very much about
things that should be scared off just
kinda wait for it and I never really
thought about no internet trolls and
ever thought about privacy I didn't
really think about anything
I just thought hey you know I'm gonna do
it and they didn't really think it
through but sometimes I you know hide
life is you know you just gotta go with
it instead of just thinking
if your friend was jealous of your
success would you consider it an the
friend honestly I think it's in all of
us to be jealous every once in a while
it really depends to what extent this
jealousy goes to you know some people
where they can't be happy for other
people and I feel like that's their a
little problem of their own and it's
already difficult enough to deal with
for them
chubbie I've had friends who maybe are
not happy for me as maybe I'd want them
to but you know I'd still consider them
my friend however if this friend really
goes out of his or her way to bring me
down and to hurt me maybe I'll be
thinking I need this person in my life
bringing me down because you know you
should hang around with people who bring
the best in you right how do we talk to
our relatives if they are the ones that
shattered our self-esteem about causing
drama that is a great question something
that I can definitely relate to I've had
so many hurtful things thrown at me when
I was younger and sometimes with grandma
knows it's like as if taking oh just
because this is a child you know it
doesn't matter what you say to him and
they forget that even a child has
feelings and if anything else it could
hurt them even more and it could lead
all the way into adulthood and it just
still scar them not I think is one thing
if someone has a bad attitude and feel
like it's definitely their choice to
have an ugly attitude and to throw out
really hurtful and just rude words but
it doesn't mean that you retaliate to
that you know by responding ugliness
with ugliness I think of anything you
should just learn to just give it love
even more because to be honest they
really do need it most
I think what's really important is just
to remember that other people cannot
defy
okay you're not defined by other
people's words okay just remember that
no one's perfect
whatever you're perfect just the way you
are we be doing as much YouTube as you
presently do after Isaac is born like
this is quite a tough question because
you know we don't know what the future
brings so I honestly don't know how
things will be like first few weeks at
least I'll be a lot more occupied so
maybe I'll be slower with videos but I'm
really optimistic actually that I'll
still be able to upload and you know do
a lots of however I'm sure you guys will
also know that you know family will be
my first priority as it is right now and
you could turn that time jet period in
your childhood what would it be now my
big sister she used to lure me to quite
the window when I was a child and she'd
say oh you know I'm so so so excited I'd
be like what really like oh and I'd
climb up the window and look outside and
what she would do is she would pull my
trousers down we're feeling me my puns
too all of my neighbors so this one's
evil but I would go back and do the
exact same for her so she would know
what it feels like to be humiliated and
lot to do to so many of us because me my
sister and my little brother
we always fell for it why don't you deal
with moving away from family I'm going
to college soon and I don't even want to
think about saying goodbye I can totally
totally understand um I left my family
when I was
19 to go study for university and then
after three years I came back for about
a year and then I completely left again
this time even further halfway across
the world of Hong Kong and you know the
what the way to think of it is one day
you're eventually going to spread your
wings and just leave home it's going to
happen sooner or later I know it's so
hard to just leave your family because
you know you spend all your life seen in
every single day so obviously for the
first moments woman I doubt you'll be
you'll be homesick but you knows during
my university that I really got to
really discover what it's like to be out
there on my own and I think this is one
of the best experiences I ever developed
for myself learning to be independent
less you know technology is so awesome
these days you can easily just you know
what's often call your family with Pam
them is awesome already because you can
still be in touch despite being far away
can you lick your nose
no no I can't
these are some your questions answers so
thank you guys so much for submitting
your Twitter questions if you guys want
me to make an ask well video but maybe
it should then definitely ask your
questions in the comment section below
or ask through twitter with hashtag of
bubs and that is everything I shall see
you guys very very soon take care and
have it awesome week bye everybody
