zip carpenter box was not a knife for
this fat funny has been awhile since I
wrote in my today I'm grateful foot so I
started it again today I'm grateful
because I got to have dinner my dad I'm
really happy to know that he got Hong
Kong safe and signed and I'm really
happy that I'm gonna be able to see him
more and that I'm able to bond with him
so honestly I used to resent my dad a
little bit because growing up I used to
think why is my bad well I like only
other dads you know why doesn't my dad
talk to me um I guess because when I was
younger my dad had to work and like a
lot of like typical Asian dads like
maybe my dad didn't know how to bond
with his children so um yeah like
towards his kids he did he would not
have a lot to say but no neither I'm
older I got to see that that worked
really hard for us and you know most of
all I know how much my dad loves his
family he's not the type that would say
it but he's the type I would show it in
a different way you know so I'm really
grateful and like you know he's such a
great like figure to look up to number
two and grateful for my mom so obviously
it's nice to get gifts from friends and
just people who buy stuff for peanut but
when it comes from your own mom and it
just touches my heart more me anything
about what was like for her
I wonder what was like when she was
shopping when she was pregnant with me
so can it made me feel a little
emotional wrong right side carry number
three I'm just so thank God I'm
sheltered outside just very nice it's
like thundering and there's lightning
and I'm just glad that I have a roof
over my head it is getting super super
super hot in Hong Kong these days so
yesterday I'm too
and I went to walk two dogs and then on
the way back there were like men who
were topless and Hong Kong you'll see
that you see quite love like man walk
around topless cuz it gets pretty hot
and guy oh that's pretty cool
no usually like the top of many are more
of the slightly older Titan Nona kind of
balding and maybe not the type that you
want to see you know tallest well yeah
whatever you not see them all the time
and Tim was like oh my gosh and all they
would he's like do you see that and I
was like say what okay I get it that
it's getting hot in Hong Kong okay and I
get it that you have to take your shirt
off
but starts the hair down there have to
peek out of your jeans I wouldn't even
have looked there at ten didn't like
color not my eyes cannot be undone why
do you look so limp
all right pushy
chubby get off so let's see what's in
here da da it's so pretty
Steve so it was this wasn't as readily
she'd be nice'
yep you're super Daniel I know some sort
of ball thing like
in these favorite this offender care
good you're right I know something about
then through boxes makes me extra
excited then because it looks so cute
zip top bento box was not on life for
this fat funny and what did you say to
me I'm gonna cut pile on my ski it's
just this is the you're surfing yachts
knocks your liar hot sweet symmetry I
remember eating the haagen-dazs already
three days ago anymore tonight
so much in a woman it was so good I know
I'm like regretting it tonkatsu cute we
have patent de as well I just got some
new underwear and I was like looking for
decide that I'm it's him like big dirty
underwear but slip for us feels like how
do you feel have olive women around you
watching you fifty and they're good tim
is getting any lunch so nice and simple
and it's like light as well oh my god
hmm you guys any watch time I suppose
do you like watching I think they look
really pretty but I'm not really a watch
girl
Vica cheap peacefully resting on a
slipper
she doesn't want a kiss from me the EU
you just kiss no just kiss I was hired
to be
thank if love is chubby this is awkward
okay fine that's enough that's all you
get from me
random we're on camera yeah can you give
me your kiss see some will you try it
still double so much oh it's not the
liquor chippy plays hard-to-get noises
don't
yes automatic it's like little lick one
this month
oh great jumbaye easy easy you sure she
doesn't eat it a second oh hey Oh gross
so Tim just sent me this link and Skype
challenge only have real genius can
ladies for where it's four times really
fast about getting tongue twisted and I
was like getting wife already for you
know like oh yes you paid it should be I
am sued and then pit I am stupid see
that make sense why am i repeating this
he's moving like crazy
what he's doing
