tell me some ice cream
find my belly off the table I just I'm
feeling a that I've been I don't know
why but I I'm in such a good mood lately
pretty chilled are normally but these
days I'm just extra extra
chirpy happy and I'm not really sure why
do you think so what do you think that
is I think for me my reason is I've just
been sleeping a lot more maybe cuz my
body knows that too much time of me
sleeping as much so now it's making me
sleep as much as possible we have a
poodle friend
oh hey Fred hey since it's so nice a day
which you might see have a walk and
thank goodness
tim has tissues cuz I'm sweaty Betty
sweaty Betty what else you got he's my
wife's ha ha your house on hazard no I'm
all right hey don't bring everything you
would have fun
look I'll give me this this is what
Richard that's mine what else you got
there bud no bike hey Sookie honey gonna
pack a little time just high enough with
hey what do you have a Stanley knife
there this whole call just in case why
are you watching cooking videos honey we
trying to learn how to make it via
megaphone oh no no no no Tim's in the
kitchen tonight
Timothy's there's food but she's not
allowed to go near it's just like I'm so
confused
mmm
the aroma of the spices see we have on
my favorite dishes minced pork and we
have Choi of course I'm busy and always
bumming egg you can't go wrong with this
inky honey really I've been reading all
bye hip new birthing and I'll actually
offer to go to classes but it's so so
expensive to put a warm class I thought
I want to read all of items actually
been pretty interesting actually through
since I started reading this I just kind
of look at giving birth like a whole new
way and just realizing oh my goodness
you know this is what our body is needed
to a lot of people have been asking me
what kind of birth by one honestly I
just I just want the baby to get here
see and if the end of the day I have to
get a cesarean that's fine I'm not gonna
cry about I'm not gonna get depressed
about it because we're all you know the
cesarean could be what it is to save
peanut and myself so I'm just going to
focus on getting thicker hair healthy
and I'm actually very calm before
everything um you know hopefully when
the time gets near
I'll so be calm about it and I'll just
always think your thoughts and you know
I've always been quite an optimistic
person so I have a pretty strong faith
that some it's gonna go well come on
England makeup pride
Kibby doesn't care for England and
England laces are you gonna start
talking to me tell me to eat some ice
cream
each morning what I did I brought my
water I like Chuck it
hi everybody gets long I didn't go
shopping this is all stuff that um my
moment was picked up for me and my box
in Hong Kong so he brought back this
stuff
thank you mommy in there watching Isaac
and I thank you
and you think we're you guys you're like
you cut this alright so let's see what's
in here
every time I hear something like this
the thing is my treat what am I was at
MIT to you oh oh oh I wish a lot we saw
that we have some biz from next cuz it's
so expensive
where's that he loves me
oh this is so adorable Oh some giri's
mummies little chap Oh Darcy shorter
fish look really comfortable as well
my daiquiri it's got like a little bit
pocket the back mmm breehn breehn coat
that's pretty cool
Oh adorable just took a picture of all
this in my bed cuz this is just this is
not hey I picked up some things for my
grandchild this is this is crazy and I
can't get over the adorable dungarees I
always thought like Hungary's would be
really annoying because you have to take
the button off but to know that you can
actually button it down here as well so
that makes it a lot handier well today
I'm a fresh homemade soup and I had some
meat and some of the veggies leftover so
usually from the soup I mix it into
their dogs each it was a very special
treat so something you guys are like
boobs or you sure you can feed this to
your dog don't worry guys I love my dogs
so like before I feed them anything I do
research before giving them stuff so
don't worry they love it like they're
already waiting for sit happy they are
almost really slow their heats very
delicately and Chubby's more like me I'm
like the really key thing is if it's
actually still a little upset that
Anglin loss so you know for the past 24
hours he's been a little whenever two TV
would show footage of England getting
defeated he would exert channel and then
that child would talk about England
getting the video again Tim would like
turn the TV off and everything so cute
oh but yeah we are bummed but I really
did have to say England's defense was
pretty shocking I had someone tweet me
and say why are you supporting England
you're Irish and I was like yeah I'm
Northern Irish so it means I'm British a
lot of people get confused you know they
think of Northern Ireland and they don't
know that you know Northern Ireland is
part of the United Kingdom a lot of
people don't know that
