come on just gonna be so part of you
knew what you know you wanna people
working day
I love these days my eyes expressive
enough just a nice refreshing shower
after a workout I'm good
doo doo doo doo doo doo I waited a whole
six months to do this no what do you
think I am
imagine if you watches this anything
mama what did you do this to be for
Isaac before you were born you were a
giant Ruby
I just faked the nipple behind it that
up to the lighter color there hey bubs
what's it like to be a makeup guru hey
pop what's it like to be a YouTube star
you want to give your son a kid nothing
I just thought maybe you want to give
her son a kiss
come on just gonna be so part of your
name why you know you wanna all you need
is another pregnant lady beside you I
need to do this but you can never kind
of point onwards oh is it your pee boot
yes Jimmy baby so hot sweaty right now I
took a lot of energy to do this was it
fun yeah well totally worth it come on
you know you want to give a kiss
that's not why weird I have issues it's
been a really nice quiet afternoon
editing I feel like these few days have
just been really really relaxing you
know I've just been concentrating on
just seeing home it's just it's so hot
to go each season every time I go I get
bitten so much um but answer one
question somebody asked but what kind of
mother do you think you'll be and I
thought about it and I was like you know
what I think I'm the type of mother
that's going to embarrass the heck out
of my kid Isaac before you were born you
were a giant Ruby I don't know why is
just a feeling I tend to embarrass my
friends attend embarrass people life is
too short to be serious though tim is
actually off to do some post things
before posting a very common question
that a lot of people ask is Bob's what
is Tim's job so Tim's job basically he
humbles our brush range we run she
writes her elephant and I'm enemies as
you guys know we've run our own makeup
brush line so Tim he completely - the
the website and he deals at processing
and he gets the product shipped out and
you know we are a small company so for
one person that's quite a lot of work
for him to do so that is what he does
guys that's probably the only time she
guys have heard humble bark yeah when
Tim Google they just had the door and
just wait for him to return
maash is all quiet after being noisy all
day long oh up are you up for sleep
someone's grumpy Absolution about the
chin to tuck in a tailbone too but also
the whole backgrounds off the baby's
hunt right to the sky the chest for life
aloof under the body I don't know I like
the hands to open up swimming through
below that I can't believe I found face
allow the entire ocean to open
confessions all-time absolute true on
the inhale straighten my arms and then
exhale back into luck so really smoking
ah use the intimately with floating orbs
out to the Sun just coming from an
exhale really round in the back of my
hand lots of space debris no to the
other side now the left hand lifters
mm-hmm I like the front
yep
I don't know I feel I will be watching
my breath put some sound
um rough flutters like neck fat dot flow
of the black am I supposed to relax of
this and then creating a sound through
the mouth
could be somewhat lazy he let's chubby
gets the ball and you try to steal it
off her see he's just like wait for it
okay no I get the bowl that's why I
really don't like some of the bike abs
and Hong Kong like encouraging you to go
and fetch neverland's have one so the
other day I asked him if China was in
the World Cup but he was like no and I
was wondering why and then I saw this
post let me share we good see what he
did there let's see it a different angle
he kicks it this guy try some yeah I
mean it's still a goal and it's
something but that is pretty amazing you
don't see that every day actually
uploaded this vlog 2 days ago and the
part where I try to carve my strawberry
in a rose I didn't notice that um let me
go to it first I had no idea I stick my
tongue right when I'm concentrating I
mean I've always known that my dad would
stick as time when he's like painting
and growing but I didn't know I had it
in me until I edited a few so I guess I
get over my dog
welcome really
