hello hello everybody it is Bob's 29
weeks I have finally reached my third
and final trimester
we all have an applause we have you know
11 weeks approximately 11 weeks and it
could be even earlier or maybe slightly
later that's you know we get to meet
Isaac first off let's get a pee and see
how Isaac is doing baby is a size of a
butternut squash and measures
approximately 15 point 2 inches from
head to heel at this point your baby
weighs roughly 2.5 points your baby's
energy is concentrating on building fat
and muscle and your baby cannot open his
eyes and learn to blink this week so
here's the thing when I was close to 28
weeks pregnant I had a hospital visit
and the Midwife when she measured my
bump she told me that my bump was well
over 29 weeks and she was expecting a
big baby but then I also hear about oh
you know people just having a lot of
amniotic fluid so I didn't think much
about her and then in my 28th week I
went to see a doctor and this time the
steer in ultrasound and the doctor she
was pretty certain that my baby was at
least 3 months which is like you got
mediums a large baby's hair until of
loving it he was a big mitchell and baby
you know tarzan baby i was like why is
that
I said possible because I'm getting it
so fast and means that for the next
weeks to come I'm not supposed to gain
so much but this is a time where the
baby is going to double or even triple
its body weight so I just have to be a
little careful it's hard to believe that
I've already gained 10 kilograms almost
10 kilograms I think most of the way
Keon came from when I went to England
you know when I was just like that's
just eating like crazy but now I'm back
in Hong Kong I think I've been pretty
good you know I've been eating a lot of
fresh fruits and veg
using just eating pretty clean actually
got my first stretch marks I kind of
knew I wouldn't escape them I was a
little oh you know then get away with it
but then it's also fine because you know
even though they probably will go away I
know they will fade and I'm really happy
to know that little Isaac is growing
from 28 weeks onwards he started to kick
a lot like so so much and you know
sometimes it gets me uncomfortable
especially when I'm trying to eat and I
can feel like something like maybe it's
his legs or I don't know if he's pushing
upwards but I just feel a lot of
stretching going on up here and it's
like these days I even feel him kicked
me from the sides as well so that's why
I know that he's really actually getting
longer baby likes to think my bladder is
a squeeze toy because I go to the
bathroom so much even more and my first
trimester I mean like my because I drink
water constantly I drink at least maybe
five six of these every day so I drink a
lot of water so I'd rate pee a lot but
I'm starting to just wonder like you
know like I'm seriously contemplating on
just bringing my life to toilet I'm
thinking of having a laptop there you
know having some drinks and snacks I
mean like I might as well because you
think of all a toilet roll I save I am
dreaming every single night and the
dreams I've been getting this week up
it's so interesting so a few days ago I
dreamt that g-dragon from big buy liked
me and he was my boyfriend and then the
day after I transept Lee min-ho was my
boyfriend and I wake up and I feel like
maybe nothing
I just dreamt that g-dragon my boyfriend
Tim was like oh was I in your dream or
digitally single by me and Alcide
actually knew like there was no record
action of he and he's like you're a
dream slick and I'm like yeah look I
actually dreamt up our baby and our baby
in my dream looked exactly like Tim when
he was a little kid but he had my eyes
on his really really chubby and adorable
and that's a really key part of my dream
the mess apart of my dream is one minute
in my dream I laugh because you know my
baby's all cute and chubby in the next
minute turns to a doll and I'm like
freaking out because you know he's no
longer alive so I was really confused
I'm not really sure what that means I'm
definitely feeling more tired physically
these days you know usually if I were to
pick between float of an escalator or
stairs I would choose a walk the stairs
because I'm like hey free workout not
I'm like no chance it's just I feel like
every step I take it just feels really
heavy and when I walk I'm no longer
taking dizzy little steps you know what
I think I'm like proper like walking
like this line I'm starting to waddle
just a little bit maybe because of my
belly when I sit down
I have this thing where to top of my
thighs get a little moist because you
know the belly kind of like sits over my
thighs so it gets a little sweaty there
because the baby is growing bigger and
bigger
breathing is a little harder you know I
hear some girls and some when they're
pregnant dirty I don't have that so I
feel very thankful but I think I can I
can feel that I get out of breath a
little easier and I'm especially at
night breathing gets a little harder but
nothing too uncomfortable really I
started to get like a bunch of crazy
things again and I've been craving
peanut butter peanut likes peanut butter
cereal has always been like
like a lame breakfast to me but I just
loved a cereal these days I'm absolutely
loving yogurt I'm so loving strawberries
I feel like my sense of smell like it
really started to really heighten well
mentally how I feel I think I feel
really really good you know I feel like
in my first and maybe first half of my
second trimester there was so side of me
that was always nervous I didn't know
what to expect and I was worried how
everything will be but not that you know
we have more things prepared and we got
to stuff ready I feel more relaxed than
at ease and I've been reading on hypno
birthing oh you think I hit Newberg it's
not like hocus-pocus like hippie stuff
but basically it's very inspiring and
interesting to read about women who go
in and they just completely feel relaxed
basically your body muscles work the
best when it's relaxed when it's tightly
with stricker body from oxygen so it
emphasizes the pain of course I'm not
expecting a pain free / but what I'm
saying is I'm just going to go in and
I'm just going to try my best to stay
relaxed as possible because I know that
this is what my body is need to do it's
gonna really focus on being horrible
because those contractions is just your
body being strong powerful and just part
of the process of getting the baby out
obviously you know when you're pregnant
you're not supposed to sleep in your
back I ever I couldn't sleep on my side
because I would wake up feeling even
more ache here so what I do is I'm I
don't use a lot of pillows like four
pillows and I proper stack them so it
turns it like like a wedge so I would
kind of sleep upright and that helps me
so so much and I find that this is
comfortable way for me to sleep in my
second trimester I had quite a lot of
acne in my arms Lada seem to be clearing
up which is good well my brother D let's
show you guys the baby bump so this is
my bump at 29 weeks yeah
third trimester so as you can see it has
gotten quite big quite annoying because
I feel like my tank tops are getting
short as well as my t-shirts but I don't
we're going to want to waste money buy
more maternity clothes since I will be
wearing for that long here's what baby
bump looks like from the front can you
tell I'm even pregnant from this angle
well the until death relief from this
angle and back to this side so one thing
I thank you so so much for chilling with
me once again and I just want to thank
you just for walking this journey with
me you made it so much easier and
support means more to me than you knew
and it actually makes me feel a little
sad to know that we don't have that many
pregnancy blogs ago
until the baby gets here but I actually
also feel very lucky to know that he's
just so instituted and he's just so
loved already if you for watching once
again I'm ty she'll see you in two weeks
bye everybody
