you want some me a poll okay
good girl
small finger is currently 1 a.m. and I'm
contemplating should I should I try to
get some sleeping like a board the match
at 6 a.m.
where should I just hack it out I don't
know if you guys see it I see it guys
but when I lift up this unlock dying I
feel like I'm looking at a turfy you
know I like the trophies like this and
then you got the legs I'm a turkey
I shall pass time by watching blades of
glory while drinking some healthy
homemade soup while chubby watches me
like a lurker while Domo was underneath
like a creep one thing I really loved by
chubby is you've got no shame you're
just like me and I don't care that was
like or the flip are you doing yeah
so it's already been like 30 minutes
into the game I'm still not home yet
he was supposed to come home so we can
watch it together it sucks
Tim screaming and shouting is scaring
chubby you want it you want it good
morning
latias your neck bugs never sing opera
again I get it I'm really craving peanut
butter butter huh really craving peanut
butter no I haven't had a long time
healthy banana pancakes I'm sleeping
silky really you know I think I figured
out a way to sleep comfortably you know
this big bump so I'm speaking of sleep
I'm getting interesting green lately um
over the past week
I dreamt that g-dragon was my boyfriend
and then the day after I dreamt that Lee
Min Ho was my boyfriend
you know both dreams I will wake up and
happy Allah guess what he's like and I'd
be like I just trimmed the t-shirt who
likes me and he's just like nickels like
asleep then like when he wakes up he's
like you're a dream slag and I'm like
yeah
then Tim was like without these inner
dream where were you aware of me and I
was like actually I'm not really there
was no recollection I'll finish I got my
egg
lift up let's smash this banana I
haven't have bananas so long
amber easy eat it all the time don't
even go there I do take a little bit of
oatmeal on a sprinkle in so it thickens
up the pancake a little bit less it's
healthy to have oatmeal fills you up
right longer you just go and talk today
as well really expected when you need
your hair to wrap around your ponytail
well for this one I need it Raptor on
four times but when he wraps around
three times so one like I don't feel
very secure wake up it's a beautiful
morning yes
you watching this video you're beautiful
never forget that I just add a little
smidge of peanut butter for just some
flavor yes you don't really need it
though and I sprinkle some strawberries
on top mm-hmm dessert for breakfast
help me dessert hand to the head
lower down a little down if you feel too
much of a stretch or you really feel
like you're arching your back are
leaning over right he wants up plucking
me a pole okay good girl nothing here ha
ha ha so cruel okay good girl
there's a little bit of Apple I stopped
I was a little bummed of Tim last night
because he promised you'll come home
early from his friends and we'll watch
the match together but he didn't get
home to like I'm like 7:00 sounds like
but you know I did the weekend and he
does look pretty sickly today but you
know what you deserve it when you go
drinking ok so apparently my friend
helped me that with football players
when you know some of the one of the
players falls you know the opposing team
they pretend to help them up like oh hey
buddy I'll help you up but what they do
is they actually proper grab their
armpit hair so we're lifting it up they
yank it up so like I don't know if this
is true but if it is I think that's
freaking hilarious this is a gift from
Lizzie's and it's called the book of
awesome so basically to set up all the
little things
that's a nice life you know so awesome I
guess if I open up like this one of them
is multitasking when brushing your teeth
that is true I never just sign there and
brush my teeth I'm like always peeing
and walking around the house doing
something when you hear someone smile
over the phone I supposed to know you're
smiling do popping bubble wrap oh this
is good one Jim Payne I'm going to name
some of my
so Joyce I can think up okay um peeing
when you really really need to go waking
up from an awesome awesome nap
the feeling of freshly washed hair
taking a good dump and then weighing
yourself afterwards to see if you're
lighter taking your shoes off
after a long day i'ts and your feets
just like ah changing out of your
everyday clothes into your comfy jammies
a good shower after a dude workouts I
could go on and on and on so I want to
know you're in the tell favorite little
joys of normal life Tommo is so
comfortable by you know so cute with
dogs I think they always feel the need
to be a comedy yes this baby tub is a
lot bigger than what I thought it would
be it's ginormous
there's gonna be what it's like when I
buff the baby I wanna pack you guys like
this thummell run away I tried to get
him to be my little guinea pig but it
was like me
I think she likes it me watching the
match between Germany and Portugal oh
hello oh yeah
