Tim's like oh I don't mind if we get a
cesarean I'm the UH course you don't
mind you're not the one that's getting
cut open to be like steaming of this
music
Moni time to get to be hard morning
massage they gotta take this remind with
my feet oh yeah I just did it oh you
want it ready
what I don't see that like obviously
they come I remove all right they kind
of hint for you to throw it but they
don't let you have it
what's that deal chubby you hear that
noise do we have intruder okay chubby
morning everybody
just waiting for to pick me up for
another doctor's meeting Eaton's us to
get some cons Oh God one thing I can do
now is I can go pick this here and just
go yet doctor's meeting went well yeah
peanut is currently approximately three
pints so compared to the size he
supposed to be which is around two
points well just over two points he kind
of yeah he's a chunky baby so we got to
see Pina in the Muskaan again and very
active his heads right here as I guessed
which is weird my belly is actually
bigger at this side yet the stretch
marks are on this side I'm a little
worried because the doctor was like oh
we got to be careful if you're waiting
because you know or else I'll be hard
for you to have the baby not really heat
so you know it seems like oh I don't
mind if you get a caesarean and the of
course you don't mind you're not the one
that's getting cut open honestly I blame
Tim they've actually the first day of my
third trimester it's so scary just how
fast time is flying but the closer then
the more really gifts and I'm just going
to catch up so usually when I get to
meet your letter
Michael's a treat I like to eat it when
I'm alone I can just enjoy this is so
cute guys I just got a little bit kidney
I married he's so much Sophia it really
made me smile and there's also card that
she gave me it says hush little baby
don't say a word Mama's gonna buy you
and then you open it up and it's like a
crib a blanket or tree some cue wall
decal a frame print of good night moon
someone see some bottles pacifier socks
diapers lots of diapers a stroller a
jumper organic baby food PPI psychic
stuffed animals those kitchens are so
online school clothes a backpack braces
sneakers tons of sneakers knee pads you
go stuff up a car I have to get your car
the congratulation so thank you so much
this is so sweet
I get my hair dyed and like it's like so
my YouTube girlies proper spoiling me
these days so this is a gift from my
friend Chani and look it's so to propose
like a blanket and it's got you know my
name Lindy and Tim and of course Shelby
and Donnell I'm single eyes again and
it's like typography been into heart it
just looks so cozy
it's so cute these are hungry sheep a
lady reads my mind cuz I was actually
meaning to get some of these these
little sleep suits so it's quite handy
you know for the baby sleep business
because it doesn't my Blake's I can just
lift this up to change has not bees in
the night so thank you so much Jenny for
your gifts you're so sweet as always so
this is actually from Cassie and eats so
much Cassie and Sam oh my goodness this
is so cute like it's gonna be a little
preppy Blake it's got like a little fast
inside and then it's got the cardigan
and then you have the little smart
trousers it's so adorable here we have
another set up like a little shirt with
glasses a little massage so kind of like
the daddy and they need to keep little
short
a little gray hoodie for peanuts match
with mommy so there must be it oh yeah
it's a much a baby
yeah Blogilates gym gear I actually
can't wait to start like moving back to
Cathy's workouts I'd miss her videos so
so much thank you so much to Cassie Sam
and Danny you guys are seriously the
sweetest I feel really really lucky to
have met such a wonderful group
offerings through YouTube so YouTube is
amazing you meet amazing people
whoa and I get this so I just posted a
plug and I was saying I'd rather receive
like you know strawberries and roses and
then a subscriber tweeted me this and
that looks awesome
I'm gonna try it scared for myself doing
this when I was younger like and my
teeny tears I had a guy like look up
close to me and say oh you've got
strawberry nose and I was like what's a
strawberry nose means like you've got a
lot of black kids and I never thought
about it since and luckily my I don't
really get blackheads but I always
remember what you said we'll sometimes I
wonder like why do people say things
like this you know it's so pointless you
know like sometimes people know already
if their skin isn't looking great you
know why do you need to go out there and
tell them that you know their skins not
good so this is just one technique that
I have it meant all right again tonight
for more boy time so he's gonna come
back though to Philly earlier and we can
watch the England must tonight which
actually isn't on until like 6:00 6:00
a.m. but I don't know how this is gonna
turn I know you guys who like careful
books I'll be careful
don't worry so my dad is actually really
did a carven so he'd probably be good at
this you know he's like a chef no he
likes carving birdies and just like
rumbling myself out of carrots
close enough
it reminds me of that evil sucking plant
and like Mario World
I think it's a knife I'm not using the
right knife but that's why
oh yeah I just did it ah you wanna you
want it ready
