I'm sorry to the middle of my sentence
interrupt the beginning of your ones but
today someone's going to be coming up
and they're gonna be installing that
table part up the guest spits baby guest
room
so yeah really looking forward to it and
finally coming in and they stole my
table because it means Tim can finally
pay vowel and it's driving me crazy
declare some space in the bookshelf I
finally you hit this area to store two
books and makes the sofa looks so much
more colorful and pretty doll toy is so
annoying every time we come through the
toy it's like Elmo doesn't look too
comfortable I have to say he's like
remember yesterday they finally put the
table on so I think that looks pretty
good
see so this is the room more complete
and Tim finally had a chance of paint
the wall but you can't really tell from
the green right it kind of looks like
the white to be honest I'm gonna take
that piece of tape off brim is you know
pretty much almost complete just gotta
put stuff inside it and I cool thing is
we did this room this drawer so far I
did this room I'm sorry to the middle of
my sentence interrupt the beginning of
your ones the drawer there must've mmm
trying to figure what can I put in here
so a very kind subscriber I got me this
adorable started I could keep seat books
so I can keep information
p-nut little record books so he can read
it when he's older so I filled in some
information already you know details on
mummys family
daddy's family all about mommy alibi
daddy so you know goes on about here
with the school up and tomorrow no
primary and then he what the wall is
high I thought he has many special
talents he is a math whiz he's good at
games and all record sports and he likes
fixing computers and here's a picture of
Mommy and Daddy have yet to put it in
the family picture here before I was
born
mommy find out she was pregnant on
Christmas Eve 2013
I just felt this pigeon a letter from
mommy dear peanuts right now you're
rolling around in my belly I can feel
you every day wherever I go and I never
feel alone at 28 weeks we are getting
closer to seeing your face I wonder if
you will look more like mommy or daddy
either way we're going to love you so
much we'll try our best to raise you to
be a good man just like your daddy
you're not even born yet I'm already so
many people and dissipate your arrival
you're very loved and blessed never
forget that
never forget that God loves you very
much thank you for being in our lives we
will spend each day of our lives
protecting you and making sure you're
happy and loved please continue to grow
strong and healthy inside my tummy mommy
will always love you
so when Tim is more free I'm going to
get him to write a letter to peanut here
her haircut my first bath this is just
so cute I just can't wait to fill this
and finished another day a posting and I
were at a tea grab some lunch actually
happen happens in so long this is
avocados spaghetti
begin this avocado tim is my awesome
cooking pain eat through the pain
perfectly what are you getting
I thought you got a cough I told you the
second eye he coughed once you're not
allowed to drink coke honey
that'd be fine don't let your cop heal I
don't care
this is addicted to coke and wonder they
see the elevator like a magic door that
closes and then suddenly it's like a
whole new place
thank God she is we're just taking the
dogs are just you know below for a quick
stroll you're the good ground up it's
the key in the necklace you know who you
are yes my idea
you think normally it only happens when
he's excited
but lately he's been doing it more often
even Chubby's checking up on him this
Davies okay I don't know guys you guys
know why when dog food it's like the
cutest stunts ever she spends forever
just spending looking for like a good
place justic no not here not here I'll
keep spinning up alright okay I think I
got it
we don't know a parney reversed meeting
you know happens quite common and it's
no big deal but we see the Russians in
Tibet I'm so worried give them like
another beer - time to take me to the
doctor's that sausage pillow is actually
never mind this just happens to be
please right there I started my morning
by peeing in a cup so what uneventful
day doctor's meeting went well my hope
is a little bigger it should be by
little that's my best friend thing for
when I breastfeed it look like a giant
baby and their dog very scared of this
we got this and I saw April and Justin
Jesus on little Liam all the time so I
got them the tummy time thing Tim saw me
oh I like it looks fun it's because it's
bright I don't know what else's trail of
but Tim and I
we have gotten to a stage where we can
poop at the same time so I'm in one
toilet he's in the other man like I'm so
competitive I'm like our ratio see who
finishes fastest what's wrong with us
but needless to say I won he's suck
honey you're slow at it
he's like help me
