I am like Vito
how do you feel honey it's been a while
since I wore my hair in weight so I
forgot how much I liked it something in
my strawbries hmm I just want to bite
entities already I always thought my fav
with my straw bit water so I should
forgot to buy lemon also I have lemon in
there so it's doubled if you use um
we're just getting ready to head out to
meet the friends we're gonna be having
dinner I'm gonna be watching x-men
finally last night I asked him to
massage my shoulder because it was like
a key and then he went that this music
on I wonder if opera really is like you
know not hard
no honey doesn't ever even do it it is
hard up is hard yeah try it guys not
night though
who please not me are you guys alright
noise it's really hard
why is it so close we just watched the
x-men pillow man pretty good you know
like from the beginning to the end I was
like what do you think all right but
like Chinese actress represent even
those who didn't really have lines it's
so pretty I am might be too
pregnant Magneto
what do you feel at me hmm it's raining
again I don't seem to - much when it
rains in Hong Kong for some reason less
you're always shelter I suppose when
we're in Leith we have to like walk
everywhere so it was like so yeah we
were like drenched for everyone and I
was like tired like doing all the
walking for me and why did teacher that
Tim some coffee I'll show you guys it
says it says it started with the kids
and it's got Mickey and Minnie
please get me t-shirts after I watch a
movie I always always go look at pedia
and yeah like bong Bing Bing she is
freaking pretty like she's like
drop-dead gorgeous like utterly
beautiful you know like her ah that's
hotter than my face why did you do that
for like a junior toys do you need to
have all of them in the sofa you've got
one two three and four chubby a little
hugger okay if I means you want a belly
rub it's okey but she's got like little
nipples hmm I think I'm getting my first
stretch marks guys let me show you these
little markings here I only noticed it
yesterday and then this side yeah I
think these are definitely stretch marks
yeah it doesn't hurt to keep plying
cream anyway to keep it moisturized so
it's not as edgy look at that for some
reason to gain my belly and make me
crave all day it's really weird seeing
myself with stretch marks them whenever
I saw them I was a bit like
because the you know alter my life I
never really grew yeah I think I
probably grew an inch since I was 12 but
it's okay you know I know they won't go
away but they will fade and it's not the
end of the world and most of all I'm
just really really glad that Isaac is
growing I think she knows she's not
allowed on the bed so she's kind of
testing her limits so she's hop on and
half off she'll be okay oh no oh no I'll
eat for breakfast editions of sight of
strawberries of course I need the much
stats with this I'll be going
good ukulele there you go there you go
good I just got these em from Muji more
of these got all the makeup on my makeup
room has ended up here but as you can
see it just makes sense for me to stop
them instead good mix a bit better it's
hard to like fit everything in so I
decided that some products here some
blushes here and then these trays just
add eyeshadow palettes I haven't really
had a chance to eat properly yet so I'll
probably end up putting pencils and
stuff here and then I put the palettes
and in here I feel free
no I saw someone getting me like
long-stem roses I would prepare a
bouquet of long-stemmed strawberries
guys have you guys heard of a peanut
butter butter some peach tell everybody
what it is oh I just want peanut butter
right not a peanut butter butter hey
well that's a lot of butter
oh the pet peeve of mine when you people
use the butter and scoop it back is what
you marinated honey I'm sure
