plus you can do this helicopter I'm so
proud of the dogs is are still Gilead I
guess they're you know they're just
really happy to sleep near you so they
really don't mind sleeping in dirt under
doggy beds snuggled up hmm
I'm looking at the curtains
my thoughts are are they a little too
much should I have stuck with a plain
punt
it only took like a day I'm lik that
gate is it hot in here or is it just me
hmm I just kind of roughly divided some
of the stuff it's still a mess because
stuff is not washed so I don't want to
like you know organize it to you nicely
but here we have the newborn stuff here
newborn size and this is 0 to 3 and this
is 3 to 6 6 to 9 and so on so he has a
lot of clothes
um slide it over out here I just put in
like some random stuff for an eye I mean
this is this is not like proper
tightening but here like you see it hats
member so cute he's got such adorable
hats little lion and little tiger this
is so cute
some buddies are a lot of these are
actually gifts from like a subscribers
so thank you guys so much
but we need to poo one bit see we have a
bunch here little sakis who I mean that
I slide this over I just put in some
blankets and just essentials and here
for night
so not bad for just you know really
trying to use up a tiny tiny room right
now I'm just really waiting for that
table before the room is more complete
it's a little bittersweet remember how
the room is all like plenty with my
makeup room and my working women I you
know we're just meeting all this a
different step in life I just had a
thought where if the dogs Tim or peanut
drives me crazy in the future I can just
crawl up these steps and just hide in
there and have some alone time no I'll
throw rocks at you from above I'll spit
on you my gosh guys is so hot in Hong
Kong it's getting hot in here aha so
turn the aircon on editing some videos
it took me a few days to settle down
guys so that's kind of why like you know
I have a film's bubbs Beauty it but I
will sell him it tomorrow and I got some
videos lined up my Harrison is crazy
high ponytail I used to go to school of
my hair like this because I used to
think hey my hair looks so cool when it
looks explosive plus you can do this
helicopter
someone's going I leaving me home alone
gets overly you do that okay let's make
a bet guys that I'll wake up tomorrow
it's gonna be in the sofa
Tim got back from his work alright what
quick quick get up haha sorry yeah Tim
come by midnight art at 4:30 a.m. and
taste it gave me ever since and right
now it is 8:30 Oh
so gaming and yeah let's say he helped
make sure my jet life by force they need
to wake up early I guess if he was spoke
loud so the thought of Tim working right
hey wifey knows the husband well don't
know what happens I did get up at half
eight somehow fell asleep at 10 and woke
up again jet lag but on the left side
let's go out for a walk you want to go
inside
especially when I have no time well I'm
too lazy to go and get a haircut it just
you know it's really handy that I can
just trim my own fringe but I really do
need a haircut though it's getting real
she'll be she'll be chubby oh you little
snob
so you admit your snob what you doing
this is Tim's definition of spending
time with me
playing his game while I sit here at a
video honey yes are we split up a
conversation yes would you like to talk
about you what was your highlight of
today um food ah
aside from food mmm good my fries loose
yes this guy managed to sleep three
times a day
forget to sleep three times I don't know
he sleeps as most people for three this
is Tim's ultimate cure for a hangover
not everybody can sleep three times a
day you know is this not for today no it
isn't it is I woke up blum for no you
didn't you about it it's a weekend for
the past two days you guys have heard me
like going about so hot but it really is
hot guys it's like thirty something like
Celsius today and I met some really nice
subscribers today and I was like bye
afterwards and then like I just kind of
went like this and I realized my whole
upper lip was soaking wet and I actually
I could actually go like this let you
see water flying off my fingers so it's
so embarrassing you know I had like a
big puddle here and I was like oh yeah
how's it going and we're like talking
for like maybe like 10 minutes well
sometimes things happen so some people
get like really sweaty in other places
but I get like sweaty just here I bet
it's like a fly landed on there it would
drawn I just have this like really weird
dream
not like I made a Pikachu but the Peter
G wasn't Pikachu you know Pikachu look
like geek it was like pretty ha have
like a manly voice and I tried to kill
me by sucking my blood and I tried there
was like pokeballs on it like it didn't
work so it's really weird never looking
up Pikachu the same way again
