good afternoon everybody it is bubs so
yeah today's video you're either gonna
find kind of interesting or it will
board a text part of you so I just got
back from the UK sorry I've heard a
zhilie today as she could tell up still
try to get over home you just nicked it
I need to blow my nose actually born one
side so yes I got back from the canine
on long ago and while I was there
I got to do a lot of shopping not for
myself all the shopping was for peanut
so you know a lot of you guys requested
a video just asking me to share you know
the bits and bobs that I picked up for
peanuts so we're gonna be doing that to
date have a big circus in front of me
and you see know you can mmm
I don't know where to start i mighta
started these ones I'd you guys may have
seen these um in one of my vlog videos
when I went shopping with my sister
anted a date what we're really going for
is comfort for the baby so you guys may
have seen this one it's news got bear on
it it's holding a camera it's got little
check details you know in the collar and
sleeves and colorful buttons adorbs and
you guys are seeing this one before it's
just like a stripy suit with a little
pocket in the side it's just something
simple but very adorable these are
seared three months this almost picked
by my sister she liked it because she
thought it looked you know kind of
colorful and arty and then you guys have
seen the rainbow one um this was a gift
from my sister as you guys remember I
love this one this one is also from
Mothercare and look it's like a little
dry
and yeah it's just I love the little
drop and it's so adorable this is one of
my favorites I'll hang this up here for
a tie and this one is three to six
months and Tim actually picked this one
I'm just thinking how cool is peanut
gonna lookin isn't even go like a built
in like bid thing a lot of stuff I
picked up from Mothercare because they
have a lot of different styles well
didn't pick this one cuz you know he
always goes on about how big his head is
and we're gonna have a baby with a
massive head so here is a dinosaur big
head cooing wrap so this is for six to
nine months of when Isaac is a little
older and so we have an orange blue and
then we have the blue and the orange
also from other care is this little
Kathy I don't know if this is too
feminine but it was just it's too cute
not to buy so this is for six to twelve
months so won't be using this till later
you guys have seen this one as well this
is just a girl t-shirt with a rainbow
pumps and this is for three to six
months this one is a two pack and is
from next and this is for three to six
months so I really tried to get you know
combination you know zero to three three
to six six to nine so you know it's kind
of spaced out it's got a firetruck and
it says off the safe day and then the
back it's off fire trucks guys now seems
to end this one it's like a little
cardigan it was a gift from my sister
just to keep peanut warm and I think
this one is not the three months yeah
and then I got another cardigan from
next and this is three six months on a
stripy
think babies like extra cute when
they're wearing something woody and
stripes and this one is actually from
premark I know surprised how cheap this
was this was five pines like compared to
the Sun from next twelve this is five of
course it's more like a hoodie just
something to keep the baby warm and it's
got like little ears and
got little elbow patches here and I
think the quality is actually not bad so
I picked this up if I got this t-shirt
which is six to nine months more hats
this is from next and I just thought
it's so adorable um it'll just be really
cozy for the baby when winter comes and
it's like the softest thing every season
fleece material and it's got little ears
and this is hello there mr. mayor I just
like babies like extra cute caps 3-pack
bit so we have stripes you got wheels
more wheels this was a gift from my
friends Myka Teresa they also got me a
bigger size which I also really
appreciate so this one's got little
fairies holding a star balloon and then
this one is just little stars so thank
you guys um this one was also a gift for
my friends at Carmen and Glover and it's
a newborn once the anna says i love you
on it so i really appreciate that you
know i'm getting you know at clothing of
different sizes i think of my next is
they have really adorable like baby
clothes so as a stripey hoodie and you
save dinosaurs so it looks super cute
and a purpose they got bigger size just
so i can roll up the sleeves so the baby
can wear a little earlier lookey cute
this is just like a four pack t-shirt
thing for three to six months and it's
just something comfy for a baby to line
to Ryan with just something casual you
can't go wrong with like clean t-shirts
you know with the one pocket I got him
little lines pants
so he can look comfy and just kind of
trendy at home as well a little hangers
from I think it's from like the pine
shop or something and it's like 10
heiner's 499 key so these packs are from
Mamas and Papas and supposedly Mamas and
Papas have a slightly better quality so
I also got them in different sizes so
cheap to get baby clothes in UK compared
to Hong Kong like Hong Kong baby clothes
are expensive even though Holly isn't
that great so you have a little red
onesie with pencils cuz maybe
peanut will be
i RT like the mummy and this is one
that's got paper airplanes and then this
one's got little pencils arty baby this
is just a portable changing mat so I can
just change the baby around a house so
this is strong momentum Papa's and it's
just of little whales these are just
clean vests that my sister's they would
come in handy to wear under clothes and
stuff
flipping six so baby can sleep all comfy
and warm and comfortable oh I picked up
like just a little please blanket from
Primark and this was I think it was
windy like four pints got like a little
hippo on it so it just come in handy you
know if he's just lounging around and I
just have like something cozy for him
like this was a gift from my mom and she
got me a breast pump but yeah she got me
the medulla freestyler so yeah my sister
actually recommended this one so we'll
see how this one goes
so my sister said I must must must get a
year thermometer and the Bronwyn was
highly recommended this was recommended
by my friends it was called a Lhasa Abu
and um I got my friend to buy it for me
and also kji me this on a checker
picture for her eyes she was like okay
and I was like oh yeah it's for my down
below and she'll like okay so Pyrrha
need you use this from 32 weeks onwards
and uses a PI below and it basically
stretches you a little bit more dry
Malou so it prevents tearing is actually
the tearing and the episiotomy that just
oh just really scares me so peanut
wasn't hard to try this doodle cream
antiseptic healing cream for Navi rush
eczema acne and when you need to do
cream for everything that comes in handy
for a baby the gift from my sister and
my brother-in-law and this is a
sterilizer bottle sterilizer of this
lanolin cream for what's it for up sore
nipples and crack skin mmm have some
pinkies here
oh maybe I'll show you some stuff here
today bought this one
while back butter stripy one see Tim
pick this one from hmm look it's so cute
it's like a little like a baseball
jacket and lips this for this is for
four to six months so it's got a little
elbow patches as well and this is also
from H&M and this was a gift from my
friend Amy so this is when the baby's
little older for six to nine months
stripes and colors this is from my
friend Jessica it's like after the baby
takes a bath it's like a little shark
see see this is where the head goes it's
got the teeth and you would wrap around
that even has a little tail here so
adorable Thank You Jessica this one was
also from H&M
so anchors will stay in there boy
these ones are on sale and next and it's
just these little this one's a little
lion and this one's a little tiger so
yeah there is a bunch of stuff and you
know I just want to try get on too much
for you guys so yeah I'm gonna go ahead
and do some tidying so I'm sorry if this
is like but yeah hopefully it was kind
of interesting so yeah thank you for
chilling with me guys I'm gonna get tidy
and I shall talk to you soon bye
everybody
