so tell me then Kingston tell us how its
a haircut
they're gone got some of these little
trays my sister uses a month I felt
pretty handy and they're reasonably
priced and I just got them from eg
because my bathroom is a mess and I'm
gonna just make it a bit more tight here
the bottom is where I keep the makeup
that I wear all the time so you can see
its mess so hopefully this makes a
little tidier I think it looks neater
kind of tomorrow this removal expanding
difference remember how it looks like
right now when I try and set the dog in
the bedroom but in their beds hopefully
they will not cry as much when all
you're normally Chubby's fine-ish is
dumb oh so far they know that they're
not allowed on the bed hello chubby gets
really sneaky she goes around the back
and then sometimes she just sits in the
corner
you guys might see it happen soon I'm
determined oh look five minutes in and
it's working for chubby already I can't
believe I'm seeing this but he's
actually using his new bed chubby isn't
her well in our laundry basket it's
still progress hey I think it's safe to
say that mission went well last night
almost stepped in a bit all along
chubby was in the basket hello Jett like
it hurts good morning morning morning
it's a sunny day I'm here to sing for
you all can't never do that again I
promise
this afternoon someone's going to come
in to install curtains someone's not
well
going to be a good YP and make homemade
soup for the hubby maybe because we
added so much in a UK it's just really
craving like good old veggies and home
sign we chose for the guest room slash
baby storage shrimp um just something
like you know you got your girls and
blues and greens something colorful and
of course they've got the what he call
this I don't know what you call this the
flowy stuff for the bedroom the curtain
that you chose is just again just the
light green with some pinks some purples
just the light up there with a little
bit more used to be like a grey Murphy
color this one is Tim's curtains he
chose little airplanes hmm I didn't kind
of expect that to be this many though
kicks a lot when I front water oh okay
see that oh you see it again very oh
yeah kicking you know all of us yeah
music didn't really like the wickets
very fast kicking
oh sorry
kind of read the last part into our
lives for always so we have people next
door and they're just fitting in the
other room so I'm just at the dogs here
cuz they bark like why does dumb will
have that silly face dumb all sit soup
they made me smell so much ah look at
Tim what so this is actually gonna be
our guest room and by baby room what we
actually mean guys is it will store the
stuff for the baby like the baby's
clothes not bees and stuff at the baby
actually space of us in the bedroom for
the first six months at least you can
see here in this wall we when you paint
that this parts kind of like a light
minty color we used to do the rest
washes
yep done so you guys can see it's steps
meet up for a bit so we're really
maximizing space and even in the steps
you put storage see all about maximizing
storage and then here you can actually
slide the stairs inside these doors
behind closed put things in here here
you put things in here slide these again
more store in here and look at that all
that storage stuff
thing here we have a bookshelf they
actually have yet to build a table on
top of this so they'll be doing that in
the next few days horrible noises oh
yeah whoa flog that once it's all done
but you know not bad for using such a
small room right we're really trying to
make it as efficient as possible Tim's
on fire today
Nikki sings and are you okay are you
having fun yes
hard to believe that this is going to be
the father my child when a few days ago
this guy was eyes on for buying
ibuprofen I guess that's why he's
growing that - guys look at it go show
everybody that tush Tim Tim another time
this is some hype looks wrong why did it
so startled them hard to believe that
this consider a baby in the future so
tell me ding-ding-ding tell us all even
when the baby screwed up and everything
or
for the babies here supposedly this is
good for a pregnant lady because it
supports the back
they made me smell so much
