hello everybody welcome to my 27th week
of pregnancy so I know it's been like a
whole four weeks since our last
pregnancy vlog I think my last one I was
23 in the past four weeks I think it's
pretty safe to say that I feel a lot
better and you know if someone would
stop telling me that I already look as
if I'm about to pop that would be great
yeah I apologize about the delay I've
just been traveling around the UK you
know for my sister-in-law's wedding and
also and it's been great but also
feeling really really great to be
finally back home and just ready so you
know really really prepare for peanut on
the subject of peanut like we decided to
name our baby boy Isaac and we love the
name Isaac but yeah for some reason
still feels like a peanut to me you know
my family members still call him peanut
let's get a P and C hi baby
Isaac is doing okay so at 27 weeks baby
is the size of a cauliflower so
measuring around fourteen point four
inches from head to heel that is pretty
that's pretty something because in my
very first vlog
you know pinna was like a centimeter and
moving on to 14 inches and weighs
approximately two points your baby
resembles what it will look like at
birth except thinner and smaller his
hearing should be mature enough not to
recognize both your voice as well as
your partner's powerful kicks and twirls
in the utero can leave you teen which
may even cause bruises to form what oh
it just hit me that I'm reaching my
third and final trimester next week so
this part is that align the part that
I've kind of been draining off to weigh
myself Erica I just weighed myself and
it looks like I'm approximately 52
kilograms just slightly over it so I
think I've gained about two kilograms in
the past four weeks my weight gain is
pretty steady and pretty healthy so
looks like most of the weight is still
all of my belly my favorite
reinder but i think my fingers are
starting to swell just a little bit
because my ring thought uh fit a little
tighter
let's talk about the baby kicking I
constantly constantly feel peanut kick
all the time and it's so it's just such
a weird feeling you know because at the
beginning you know the baby was way at
the bottom off of my uterus but not I
can actually feel him like poking me up
here in my ribs and you know my kicks
are no longer just all in the center I
feel it in my side so must be his head
or is it's be like stretching I think
he's pretty smart in a way because if I
were to put my hand in like any part of
my belly for just a few moments I can
actually feel him like brought me back
in that area where my hand is and I
could switch a German side and he would
do the same so I think that's pretty
interesting and I got the most powerful
kicks when I was in London and I was
watching a musical and the musical I was
watching was called wicked and all my
goodness he must love the musical
because he was kicking so so much um on
the other thing I think feeling is a lot
of pressure just in my pelvic region you
know when I was in England I had a lot
of energy and I was walking like you
know so so much and most the time I'd be
fine but sometimes I'd get it from bed
and or if I'm getting up I'm sitting I
would just feel like a lot of pressure
like dying below so I don't know if it's
because he's upside down and you know
his head is wedged in my pelvic area but
yeah I could get a little uncomfortable
so I'm like slow down can we walk slower
sometimes I kind of walk around like
lifting my bump I know sighs like I'm
excited rating but I actually really do
do that especially after I eat a huge
meal you know when I get up it's like ah
I'm feeling really really lucky because
I know a lot of women would have gotten
like aching sore backs by night and
that's movements where I had a sore
backs but you know it comes in
and you know move stays I'm fine so it's
kind of like maybe Chioda ten days I'd
get is more of an uncomfortable back and
I find that after a large meal that is
when I stand up and my back with her I
don't know why and I don't know maybe to
do my belly getting even heavier when I
was in England it was kind of hard not
to overeat because I had a truckload of
appetite I asked how lots you know even
Tim's parents were like whoa in when I
got back in Hong Kong the weird thing is
and back to wanting to eat vegetables
and fruit again you know and constantly
drinking my water with my strawberries
inside by the way this is my Saturday
sunshine tumbler made by my friends
April and Justin and I mean I love it
including a lot of yogurt fruits and veg
just anything that's crunchy and cold it
was also a few days ago that I got my
first leg cramp I was in bed and I just
woke up and I thought oh I'm just gonna
stretch out my legs and the moment I did
that one of my legs completely tensed up
in my health areas not like oh my gosh
oh dammit another time Tim was next to
me sleeping so he kind of got up and he
was kind of like startled he didn't know
what was going on it hurt a lot more
than I imagined as well so when I wake
up not I no longer kind of stretch my
seat like this I just came to flex them
because my belly has grown a lot in the
past four weeks because the baby is busy
putting on weight my belly has been
itchier than ever so far there are no
stretch marks but you know we don't know
I don't want to be too optimistic but my
mom and sister did get stretch marks and
may not have been good enough in putting
cream on and you know belly oil every
day but you know I think the products
when you work to a certain extent so it
is about your genetics I really enjoyed
that moment in my second trimester where
I was you know just able to just not pee
as much but yeah I'm definitely
peeing a lot more and even if it's just
you know a little bit I feel like I have
to go today we're getting people coming
in they're going to be installing in the
guest room which is also going to sort
of baby things so I'm gonna be sitting
like the baby clothes soon we ordered a
crib we ordered a car seat and stuff you
know now that we're really preparing
everything and it really makes us super
super excited for peanuts arrival do you
see how about we call him peanut instead
of Isaac now let's move on to what most
of you guys just wait I could see the
baby bump okay so I change into a
different dress because the other one
was kind of like baggy and loose so you
can't really tell so this one is more
fitted so we get more of an accurate
idea just how big I am I who when I was
in England you know I had so many people
say to me oh you're about to pop on chin
I'm like new I think it's just because
I'm short so it just looks extra big on
me one side front and the other side and
you know some of you guys asked about
the boobs yes the boobs did get bigger
sometime just like your bump also gets
bigger so it doesn't look that big
because you know overall you know your
bump kind of like overshadows the boob
so since I am wearing shorts underneath
this dress I can lift this up for you
guys huh look at that sometimes the
babymaker lot more to one side and I
find that my bump is like bigger and
slightly slightly bigger in my right
side so I finally know why people sit
with their legs open it's because like
if you sit with your legs closed your
belly just sits on top of it and you
know if you just end up getting like a
sweaty upper thigh area my pregnancy has
been
really really smooth so far and I just
feel so grateful so thank you guys once
again to spore chillin with me and just
walking this amazing journey with me I
shall see you in two weeks time so take
care bye everybody
