it's our last night in the can we return
tomorrow so we're just checking up on
dogs before we fly back and see them
we're gonna pick them up right away you
see Timmy hurry up oh my god her oh
because I it's too bright
oh that one pill is always right yeah ha
ha ha
I think she's finding something on the
floor she likes rolling in the grass how
do you get by going home
you let me wish you could smell this ah
smells like garbage wait what do you
think you're gonna miss the most about
the UK she wasn't looking it's always
good cakes wedding before back into Hong
Kong back in Hong Kong and what is the
first thing we did I'm not packing not
hiding but picking up our doggies who
let the girl stay here okay
boy great give omo omo shopping good I'm
good over the hole all you got until
fluffy would
oh is it chippy oh no chappie hello
hello I should know yeah yeah miss mommy
ha ha
Jimmy Jimmy look my happy they are
and you're saying goodbye to territory
friends let's go home guys come on
buddies all comfy and ready to go home
turns off the grass ensued and dogs
think that like Tim's abundance in
McGann yes so tired
get back here we go boy go home let me
go home just uploading a new flood oh I
miss the fast internet in here her head
looks so big it's been five minutes
since I've came in here windy unclearly
deterioration so it's 4:00 a.m. and he's
still crying right side but we can't get
soft
that was a bad sleep I've ever had in
the past two weeks
hey morning puppy oh I guess Tim decided
this the height of the dog cam whiny
marshmallow whoa it's half three I slept
for ages I miss sleeping with you guys
she'll be specially you where you have
all the space and when you put your foot
in my face it's that time where I
trimmed my fringe in with my trustworthy
little hair tool I just clipped it and
all the guests did it
and then I'd like to cut my fringe but
I'm just sitting at toilet somebody
Sedona cause is comfortable but yeah
last night I just had the best sleep
ever in the past in the past two weeks
you know sometimes it feels like it
doesn't even matter what resort or what
hotel you're staying in your own man is
always gonna be your most comfortable
just like your own toilet is your most
comfortable like I feel like my my but
just like to say new to all the other
toilets but you know once I stood on
this toilet my butt's like oh yeah back
to the sleeping thing I slept for I
think 14 hours and it was such a good
beauty sleep when I woke up actually
checked a mirror to see I kept I got
prettier you forget that like you sleep
so well you're like actually if you
think I've gotten more prettier how long
was dama barking and crying last night
oh boy or did he fall asleep Oh
then he heard me and they start crying I
just remember waking up before and I
could still hear him go although I was
asleep
we actually lied them in the bedroom and
they actually knew that they weren't
allowed on the bed so we never know
maybe you can sleep in the bedroom but
in their little beds we can just try to
train them but instead they just want to
be around you such a nice day and it's
like almost 6 p.m. by 40
hence almost performing after eating
western food for two weeks it feels good
to get some nation fix I'm just humming
around in oh yeah it's really nice to be
back
so tomorrow what I should make getting
the baby guestroom installed along with
curtains the male may be starting to
kick my ribs is so weird because when
the baby before it was old time here you
know she'll be feeling this and now it's
something silly nice looking book look
at my wife HIPPA wife
beautiful at book
