I picked up a pair for my empty because
every time I go to Hong Kong she asks me
to get her slippers it's time for the
morning dance dududududu didn't you
spell that dude dude dude didn't you
didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't that
I didn't didn't didn't it it did didn't
it it did didn't it in hey Myka Dina yes
baby you're all about the boob aren't
you I wanna be where the people are I
wanna see wanna see them dancing walking
around on dude what are you cold
Oh feet bring your fins you don't get
too far right young women sick of
swimming ready to stay yeah she doesn't
make part of your world
Arielle tries to change yourself for
someone else oh alright self-love you
looked at fun that on use your will to
be loved by anyone
this is Hong Kong create the order off
the screen
and then after you'll see a little boat
like Villa trim and they slice off this
is your order then you pick it up and
then your next order will come in soon
cantle Isaac
hey what do you want to do tomorrow Oh
milk okay what else oh you're a dick not
lots of them and cuddles and kisses
mommy what am i thoughti yes I'm ready
yeah I think milk ticking is a little
guy to get some food to get some
groceries no what he is okay
what he did sky is I don't like kids
when they went they really twist wow
look at mommy
let me have chicken and rice tips it's
Vic total delivery do get McDonald's
delivery did you even go to Hong Kong
guess who's in the repetitive face yeah
that's right you put here are they nice
usually this guy is like I wanna come
just juice but he's been eating so much
rice and noodles that he's excited
person everyone this is so weird guy but
apparently they're quarter pounder
cheeseburger is not available anymore
like I could be because they replaced
this is what liver paste oppresses he's
nothing Angus burgers hot you the simple
look at the size ago Amex Alysha so
I was a cop unit Autofest aful hard to
believe that we've already been here for
like ten days guys I feels like we've
won you've been back for just a few days
but I guess in Hong Kong like time flies
whole Eagle mouth morning some you
cookie Allah happy looking at Isaac la I
love you just trying a cleaner mind
because the doctor says she doesn't have
thrush and it's just normal milk residue
but I'm not sure guys I'm really not
sure cuz it didn't take this much effort
to care of Isaac split looks like she's
enjoying getting her tongue bleed and I
reached deeper please yeah
so this kind of sinister doesn't she
yeah it's a good time right yes that's
right
yeah that's right let mommy clean it I'm
having a great afternoon of day today me
on the taxi on my way like to meet my
mom just gonna get it for a few hours
mums in Hong Kong I really necessary so
where I could spend some daughter let me
come together what's great about Hong
Kong there's so much choices to eat
currently something with mommy is just
going crazy looking for clothes for Ayla
this is pretty cute isn't it
you tied it back as well which is quite
cute
we got size hobo care sorry French and
this looks comfy for my knees penny I'm
thinking of getting her this so cute she
loves my little pony and then these are
pretty too - seriously interest Hong
Kong to find the cutest clothes for kids
damn shopping enjoying and then today
with my mommy
when I did major kill today so starting
off with what I got
let's start off with something like
these slippers are all believably
comfortable and when it comes to
slippers I think the plastic ones
because I feel like the cloth ones and
makes your feet really stuffy in and
after a while they smell these ones your
feet don't smell and like it's easy to
wash I picked up a pair for my because
every time I go to Hongkong she asks me
to get receptors okay don't touch it
baby
I bought a pair Ostrovsky earrings it's
just like a bowl a little heart you like
that tomorrow with like a celebration
dinner for a list no I she is only two
and a half months old but will be here
for 100 days celebration so we're sort
of celebrating it earlier here's this
little dress for her to wear my mom
actually got it for her it's just like a
comfy one cuz a lot of dresses they're
really pretty but they're really not
comfy and like if I could choose between
comfort and style I would go more
towards comfort this is nice and soft it
doesn't restrict her it's pretty much a
onesie but it felt like a little tutu of
it just so we'll be good for her to wear
so gig I saw this one as well he isn't
that all right fit for her to wear when
she's back home and notice all my body
reminds me of Carrie Bradshaw outfit
when she went to Pyrus I got these
stretchy denim type chargers rising and
it look it's Peppa Pig Peppa Pig I think
I took like make the trousers it's Peppa
Pig
whoo cute I bought this for my little
niece it's basically like a denim skirt
with leggings attached it's so adorable
and because she really loves my little
pony I got her this little top it's not
a pair of really comfy stretchy denim
type pair of trousers not my mom got me
and here's a little cardigan it's kind
of like a children's hole and it's so
soft it's great quality oh I got this
one for Ayla is a skirt with leggings
attached to it just got some underwear
for myself these are because these are
two seam this one so it means that he
cuts your panty line and they're really
comfortable as well it's like wearing
nothing oh I picked up this top for
myself I need to look really nice as a
pair of skinny jeans and when it could
fit into them but super super cute I
don't shop a lot so when I'm able to I
kind of try to buy as much as I can here
is a cardigan that I picked up it's just
a moth one and it's kind of flowy at the
front skirt that I picked up so I kind
of goes down below my knee and my shin
okay girly one here's just a top that it
picked up and made me one and it's
pleated and the sleeve got bows and a
side here is a pinstripe shirt something
casual for me to wear and then here's
another shirt I like to sleep because it
looks like this place quite cute
and then just tie like a little bow tie
here here I have a moisture lotion and a
scarab from the bronze right for suparna
is quite nice I'm just going to town but
I know he's saying no we're sweeties
because he knows there's sweeties in my
bike well I should have my pair of shoes
as well
it's got like little tassels well sure
you can
I thought Pisa looks super cute with
chargers that stop here are you a good
girl of that day today with a leg good
girl was I think a good boy let that be
a good boy
