you just want to punch him in the face
like seriously little peanuts so here we
have a little t-shirt sex and this is
for three to six months so he will be
wearing this away later this is actually
not for me this is for my little niece
my sister is also pregnant and so on
that says little sister did everybody
think April's pregnant is pretty little
girl
it's so unfair all the girl clothes are
so much cuter no people adorable this we
have a little only put a roofie one see
here we're all 0 to 3 months I think
it's so cute special it'll walk inside
and then this one has a little bear on
it
this one is fun I guess wonderful
this one's picked by April pick a tree
here no peonies are just plain best that
my school nurse said you really need and
these are for sleeping pure cotton sleep
slip see which will keep the baby warm
this stripey set and in the stores fit
yeah so these are all suits oh I
would've thought I know that these boots
this is a gift from Claire friends and
if it gets cold
did you buy books
there's a kick game gloomy gloomy day
today
why not it is half in the morning and we
actually leave London are we head off to
leave today we're finally here in Leeds
on or dining and this is us a short list
of words never gets you think you don't
know where you are
we have four dragons their lanterns tiny
families today's apartment likes north
central
is that why you're wearing hit those
we're checking up on height chubby is
doing look she looks happy today
she's smiling so she just needs to get
used to
oh my goodness
look it's him
you just want to punch him in the face
like seriously so this is the apartment
that we're seeing in and Leeds pretty
date some sister actually rented
apartment for a week for us morning I so
I thought is gloomy and so a few of my
friends have been like a little sick so
I don't feel too well today like even
like looking at my face I don't know I
feel like I look a little little green I
just put a bit of lipstick and eyeliner
like seriously like in the UK yes I
can't be bothered to put my makeup on
because you just it's not that good in
the UK it's weird my skin's way better
than Hong Kong and I think cuz my skin
is just better the humidity this circus
is all Isaac's stuff there's not a
single thing in there that belongs to me
and you know I haven't seen a little
shopping but all the shopping has been
fourth baby you know it's not like I've
been wanting to look at clothes anyway
because they don't fit me is England
everybody nothing like a little bit of
rain
sorry honey
I pressed close the doors instead of
opening for game night for these nerds
but it's their favorite pastime it looks
interesting Tim's parents got us little
gifts again so we have a little blanket
here we have sheets little like diaper
bag you sign off the cot and their
little mobile comfortable so Ryan item
sister and my future brother-in-law are
playing board games and my Tenon's
parents are in the living room and
sometimes I don't put you guys but you
know I love spending time with my mom
lately it's nice to just be by yourself
in the night you know have some quality
me time with you know good book and
that's for me right now I'm just reading
manga but um I'm really looking forward
to it and hopefully I'll get some rest
and you know we'll have Mother's Day
tomorrow I'm sorry I haven't been
vlogging much it's just nothing really
has been happening and you know whether
it's gloomy and I've been like pretty
unwell today
yeah I'm rambling so I'm just gonna go
off and do my own thing but good night
guys and I shall see
you tomorrow hopefully Tim's mom is a
Tai Chi master pioneer looks easy but
it's actually a lot of resistance so you
get really sweaty doing it Wow
feel my Gurkha you know tomorrow at the
wedding those who really like you
aborted today we're going to unlock
another food that we've been craving and
that's a fill English breakfast it's
what he called a English breakfast 450
for all of this unbelievable anyways
here
I actually teared up when I got here
