my sister's busy so I had one of other
hearse homes looking for sick sitting
and playing with my nephews voice when I
teach Isaac I'll be like son none of
this crap I'll be like do this son
there's a ukulele I always wanted one I
hear they're easy to learn
peanuts getting big a few more months
and you'll be way
okay that was creepy Jared guys my
sister knows me so well so hi Lindy
welcome to London
don't mess up my room April I was like
sister knows me too well I love you
she's off to work we are just waiting
for a train so you have dinner friends
we eating dinner I were going to place
my question is what heat wave hey some
he can say like Boop don't bring a coat
well
recognize these lobsters and their masu
be look at the claws they're bigger
they're bigger than the lobsters that we
just giant all right Shane everyone
yesterday's dinner was so delicious but
heavy so I'm gonna have something like a
little lighter for breakfast so I have
ice no and some strawberries and Miller
yogurt cup gets in Punk home
did you enjoy a sturdy Center the old of
the Worcester because we're like we're
not paying 20 points for a blizzard fare
feeling really tired walking home
Burlison turn us away we're finally
happy and getting some rest and then
afterwards you're going to be watching a
musical for the first time and we're
watching wicked my friend said
afterwards we're definitely gonna go
know the song truck so let's see he's
right I don't know not me really gravity
for me to watch a musical maybe because
I don't know if I'm such if I want to
watch someone sing for like two three
hours we're ready to check the vault
open this better be good
I love you wonderful woman lastly we
went to check out wicked and yeah
tonight we're really like avoid it
because like - 3 R's listing someone
singing really yeah it was awesome it
was so do you like the whole performance
Tamara like soundtrack everything's so
beautiful leaving the theater we're
really limited overnight we're having Oh
audio on food according to the guy this
is sick the best Korean food in London
so let's try it that's his phrase punch
Killick sugar key - nice
so you sure you're okay they have
seafood pancake so far and this is glass
noodles those are some wings that's
tricky the other day I was like all this
is cool this is like a caricature
drawing of my sister my brother-in-law I
was like this is cute and although wordy
these are these are adorable and then I
realized that oh like these are
purposely used to cover like these bits
so here we see like boobs and yeah so I
can see what it covered it cuz it's a
little folder you know specially for
fridge margin like going to grab some
food
legally see is this so it's not very
appetizing so yep cover them bits up
just that I share this of you guys it
does highs we are real we make mistakes
we say I'm sorry
we give second chances we have fun we
give hugs we forgive we do really large
we are patient we love we just had a
nice garnish and I got Sudhir prenatal
and why we're all freshened up and we're
ready to go
Kappa Kappa ratio and grab his hair
another thing had take off my list is
KFC it's not the same at home hunger put
it back home baby
mmm crispy on the outside
boy
and it was just a lot of fun we went to
see a copper and it was honestly like a
lot better than what we thought it would
be um but um some parts were like a
little like a little raunchy but my
favorite part was when I was when like
the rock people came in there and I
realized the tiger and I was like
totally not what I expected
my brother-in-law is making us a Sunday
roast can we name them did we um okay
give me Henry and Isis we are here at at
the Trafalgar Square this is house look
at all the people and all the tourists
yeah yo d'argent check out all of our
bento boxes along with us oh no Michael
come to me he sucks
oh yeah mum you have to operate that's a
very serious discussion about rusty
blasters this is illegal it was also
what I need find another roasted real
good laughter Wow oh Henry look it's got
a roof golden tan all three stuff no
you're kidding okay
all ready to have our Sunday roast
shuttlebay holding is like my first rose
have their first time they're out of
homemade Lisbon really really
why would I my mom would know how to
make one yes we're like really so we're
just catching up to see how the dogs are
doing and doggy Celtic either the other
dogs supple doesn't look e happy oh look
at his little leg bangle oh he looks
okay hmm
Omega chubby hi pretty good huh
I'll let you actually okay here okay
let's show everyone when he first went
there first day going back first day I
doubled always fine no there's one
that's actually he like her mouth is
like going oh look
