morning guys how long has it been since
you guys seen this few of Tim lying on
the sofa why are you sitting like a
person chubby
would you like a beer cold beer yeah
they're not using their bed have lemon
in my water for detox I like that I can
edit well by using my other hands and
grab my drink and just go ah my little
family I feel that I won't be able to
see my furry friends for the next two
weeks but I'm sure it will fly by and
you'll have a good time with your furry
friends and the doggy camp good girl
are you gonna miss mommy trying to come
up come up
here
come on work with me here haha Oh too
late dumber see okay no I feel I can
make I feel so bad like my belly sticks
and I forget and like I keep knocking it
off surfaces and each time I knock my
belly of like you know edge of a table
or you're not accidentally elbow and I'm
like sorry sorry son let's come over yet
the wait till the chorus save have you
seen the hard to do - penguins at
boulders beach is that more like I don't
know look at the way he's sitting on
Tim's legs like that we have to drip
some front line on them because although
they're going to doggy council we don't
want them to like you know get fleas or
anything off other dog get Boyd um oh
here's your cat stick
he had yours you have your do not
remember
oh we're bringing a dog the pet world
soon as our funny look make sure you use
that book purse a lot of you guys are
and reminding me to bring it did another
comment here another one here see you
guys so cool you guys actually remember
but thank you guys for your prayers guys
hopefully we will all have sea flight if
your dogs are staying somewhere and
you're scared Oh misty and be nervous
just put in a t-shirt that has your
smell in it and that will comfort them
of course I put in their favorite I put
in a slipper each cuz you know dogs like
smelly feet cuz you get your gross oh
just to bother to be like this
Elmo's nervous again thummell hostas
stay under Tim I don't know why he just
goes out shot faith when he's like with
Tim Domo Jack Chile wouldn't leave the
apartment and normally when I open a
door she charges out but she was just
sitting inside the apartment going nope
I'm staying in today I think she is that
the oh she's going three years on a yeah
we're here guys we're impact world gonna
be your home for the next two weeks
you're the frogs I think this time I'm
gonna be brave and not cry
insite your buddy bike ah get all
glammed up plenty of dogs join them so
we're getting trash be brave don't look
back
it's good I know they've actually been
back for a few time don't bring your
if you look back and you see them like
the cannot you gonna fight for line I
always make sure that I'm nice and
creamed so I take a nice refreshing
shower I wash my hair so nice and fluffy
I know but you guys buzz and I'm so
comfortable to be flying and traveling
on like I'm feeling gross you mix choppy
and download and hopefully they'll be
okay
this is going to be Tim a nice final
like holiday together before the baby
gets here so you know we're just going
to just really make the most out of
every single minute almost ready to go
so you guys wanna see what's inside my
trouble like by grameen airplane
actually there's not much I have any
rights to just swipe my home sometimes I
just want to wash my hands and the means
I don't have to get off the chair I have
a little spray bottle inside I put in my
how to avoid water just to refresh my
face to moisturize it
I dropped just in case my eyes get dry
and you guys know um you guys know my
eyes get already dry have a little
sample of like a lancome moisturizer
I've lit back cuz my lips get really dry
mmm it's trouble to brush set um mini
mic wash little contact lens container
did like put my contact lens in later
and a lipstick that's it when I topple
this is the bike that I bring with me
this is a gift from a Cassie and this is
the Blogilates bike and I think is so
handy because it's got like a little
slot for you to put your laptop so it
cushions and protects it you guys saw
was in a beauty bag I have my glasses
some got my ID phone um it's pretty much
it
my apartment
p-funk you guys have really likes a bike
your home was like my little small
apparently my in Hong Kong
Wow you know I feel really lucky do you
know what Hong Kong's also known as the
City of Lights
on our new worker people know that's a
city that never sleeps and square gonna
be an e key for the next two weeks we
decided to have Chinese food
indulge please make sure that you have
all your block I was your flight
washer I was actually not too bad but I
had two drunk guys behind me and one
kept kicking my seat and it doesn t
matter like where he was causing all the
time but you like heavy breathing he
like oh uh no like Oh
after like twelve hours of flying and
then that are two hours on a train
finally here at my sister's place
tim is taking it one chicken up my this
could be nice listening to the signs of
the birdies this is my sister baby room
for her son and this is where we'll be
staying in XP DS ah like the squishy
cheeks so noisy
