tim has a very interesting playlist in
his car is really nice to listen to
classical music every once in a while
why he's a professional DJ see the car
in front of us has like hung his laundry
at the back this car what other boy
names that we consider I don't think
there was very much I will divide you
nothing from Street Fighter every you
whatever right
what other name would Tim like like if
he wasn't it to me
obviouly oh I think maybe give me maybe
Arnold
by the way to be is the 19th off me so
it's a Sunnah wish and I'll leave happy
anniversary
we're home just finished doing some
errands and Maggie asked me to pick up
some baking supplies for her this full
Hello Kitty baking dish baking tray
I was actually also super surprised to
get a package from April and Justin so
let's see what's in here guys they
didn't even like tell us a sentence of
Pocky
so what a nice surprise oh my gosh look
it says FINA oh this is adorable
oh this is tea precious this is a six
piece collection kit they also included
Justin's favorite book love you forever
I'm gonna cry I've actually never ever
read this book so I'm gonna be reading
this and crying whoa I got us a bunch of
stuff soft ah you got me team anything
oh my gosh look look at these little
socks like little booties
you guys always spoil me we have shop
cover buddies a little oil
I'm excited cuz
finally like rebase the peanut
congratulations to your precious baby
boy in the way we're so happy for you t
you will be both the most incredible
parents they may be far away from me but
if you ever need anything we will always
be here for you love people Justin and
Liam we have a cap and booty set here as
well well if this is like Christmas
seriously I have my own Saturday
sunshine tumbler
I always wanted to get the tumbler it
looks so awesome look at that and here
you pee your makeup I also have an apron
so adorable April have fun as well and I
got the blue one thank you so much guys
you guys are so sweet I hope your family
up and well and I just want to say like
watching your vlogs I mean I always
watched it but like especially now for
us watching it's been so helpful so I
made like a big list of stuff to buy for
our baby can't wait till the day finally
comes when we can meet up and like
literally in the little I sit can sigh
together I've been meaning to buy this
and it's not even just to support them
but I always you know really wanted one
so I just filled our strawberries so
this is cool cuz you guys know like I
drink a lot of water and sometimes it's
been annoying that I always have to like
refill myself yeah yesterday I could not
have a single Tim Tom and it make sense
to like them support me does anybody
think of friends with this book we just
collected um our mini wedding gift
sister I think this is a new boob
yep and it's customized it says two
lives joined together
this actually looks like the photo they
used to draw them yeah I think the food
was better oh so cute okay they like it
make a space for isn't it I'm just
feeling so spoiled
I'm blessed tonight so it's not just
April and Justin's parcels just made me
feel so touched
Tim came back with no more of your
parcels guys and peanut is not even born
yet
you guys have like just showered us of
so much love I just want to quickly
thank edit for your easy Swaddlers these
are so adorable and it just comes in
handy because I'm a bit nervous about
soiling my baby so I've been actually
looking at something like this so thank
you so much and this is a 2-pack which
makes it really handy and this one was a
gift from Kirsty it's adorable and it
says I am fearfully and wonderfully made
and then this one is the hook koala bear
and this one's from ELF and it's a cute
little body literally fluffy pinky else
Elle's not only sent us this cute gift
she also included these two adorable
drawings of dogs this was from Suzanne
and she also included these cute little
socks yeah feel so bad but of course is
not the gifts just I want to thank you
guys with I want to thank you guys for
your letters and your cars your words
they're just so precious to me this one
is another one that either sees recently
and it's an adorable baby keepsake sir
it was also her my subscriber and it's
so special they opened up and says this
book belongs to your info but Mama's
family that is family mommy said oh well
nice info I kind of started some stuff
your daddy's info so I just really look
forward to like filling all those
information in so it'll be really nice
kinda reason why kinda to go with appeal
box for a while because I just felt so
bad you know you guys are sending in
such amazing things and there's please
please guys and don't send any more
gifts because I already appreciate your
heart you know I know your good
intentions already but you know it's an
app if you have like a big container in
front of me like subconsciously you're
gonna keep grabbing and drinking it so
if you have like problem drinking a lot
of water then I recommend you to get
like something big personally I'm happy
enough just putting a strawberries in my
water cuz it kind of flavors my water
and I call it vitamin water
that's pretty much what it is you know
the strawberries add extra nutrients in
my water you know you can always add
lemon for cleansing what's also good is
a deep it is a peach juice or nectarines
that also juices pretty nice as well we
really think that dogs know what's going
on especially chubby Chubby's always
been good yeah thank you thing us those
eyes I'll burn bet loser treats for you
guys he's just started in a pack and
look mr. kiss is completely filled
already well gone why does it look so
weird on you you're not wearing it right
look at that hit huh honey there's a
heat wave back home yes honey wear this
to the wedding he lived in that hat I
remember um a year and a half ago
