our boy neum is need to start training
them to sleep on their doggie bits and
stay fit yeah that looks good on me
why would you want to share a bed when
can have your own oh man I've ever do
this
naughty nope stay in that bed eat here
the other day my friend decided to send
me this gift file
yeah thanks thanks a lot fanny every
night Tim helps me to loosen my muscle I
find is so comfortable around Turner
clockwise try reverse there on the world
about the moon or the paluszek yep a
pony you guys can see her how did I feel
funny feeling peanut kick that's pretty
cool
it's just like my hand off your belly
look II know my son is kicking me that
was a happy moment what caught me just
fling her oh why you me
be serious
good morning sunshine
so last night was was interesting I just
could not sleep so I'm just wondering is
it really gonna get worse so this
morning I am craving eat eggs solid some
ways so the recipe of falling is just
the the recipe from Laura in the kitchen
I love her you guys can actually find a
recipe in YouTube but basically just
take some eggs and I cool one hour let
it boil for one minute and then switch
off the fire the heat the fire and then
you just sudo just let it sit for 10
minutes ends up hearty the X will be
perfect
the other night I was doing some
comments and there was from across
remember her name but she she just says
Oh Bob since I'm either a lot did you
have a lot of money with taking and you
know treated me would you eat a lot more
often that we would like to admit but
you know in Hong Kong sometimes it's
easier to eat always and in believe it
or not so I really miss a shopping
markets back home in the UK but it's
just I only really know how to cook
Western dishes so like
needs to be so expensive so and works
like a lot cheaper for us to eat right a
lot of the times and I'd be honest for
you guys you know I'll tell you guys
that financially you know I feel like
we're really blessed we have way way
more than you know we need but sometimes
what's my scream dirty okay but
sometimes you know I think it's a human
nature for you know us to just be I
don't want to use the word nosy but
there is a thing I want to share you
guys because I think you know we can all
learn from odds you know if you anytime
should look at someone else's bowl is to
check if they have enough you know
rather than you know comparing it's got
these nice little philosophy today so
you guys don't see if I were to cut this
you'll see that it yoke is just perfect
none of that ring gonna beautiful I'm
just going to actually just let this sit
in the fridge for a bite maybe an R I'm
going to go ahead and do some filming
first I just finished seeing some felony
and I can finally enjoy my egg salad
sandwich Oh
usually our sign mm-hmm I can't believe
we're flying tomorrow it just doesn't
feel like it but I feel like it normal
the feeling what a feeling I'm actually
doing this as well oh I have good news
for you guys we're going to M nice the
name of our baby
Tim originally wanted to keep it a
surprise until peanut is here but I just
thought two hearts always just
accidentally edit artist name because we
keep leaking at sometimes when like we
have to like edit it out that's what she
said and we were to have a girl we were
originally going to call her let me Lily
so I would be spell Li ly and Tim's idea
behind that was it would also stand for
Lindy I love yay and also Lily I love
you so we figured s would be so cute so
we ever have a girl like you know most
likely will call her Lily as you all
know we are having a boy peanut has a
penis so um I'm gonna let Tim Sam our
boy name is Isaac I think dogs are
fighting over a slipper and I decided
that if we would have a boy like years
ago we would call him Isaac the meaning
of the name Isaac actually also means
laughter so you know this is one of the
biggest things to want for our child to
be happy and to just be careful a good
happy happy we can't wait to meet G
Isaac and I'm quick picking my funny I
don't know it's funny and appropriate to
say in the video he gives the best hugs
something about the way her body is
she's always trying to escape which
makes it even better you
Oh Wendell in booth so far I don't think
I have any stretch marks yet cut really
tell so what kind of particularly good
mirror and do this whoa six like it's on
it
angle doesn't make me feel very pretty
you guys must be wondering like why am I
always wearing like these Blogilates
shorts I kind of alternate between the
pink and the orange but the reason is
because these are so comfortable like
these are good for working right but I
think these are the best maternity like
shorts or pumps to wear because it has
this type of like really like stretchy
comfortable bond just seeing some
packing guys this is what I like to
bring with me when I go traveling
because it's see-through
you can see all my stuff usually bring
less but I'm just going to be helping
out with my sister-in-law's wedding for
her wedding day this is the most
important thing do you guys remember
this hon bike
do you guys remember like weeks and
weeks and weeks ago Tim was like you
never wear this and I was like I'm going
to wear to your sister's wedding and he
was like if you wear this to your
sister's wedding you can put any
designer buy that you want guess what
be very honest so I actually don't want
another designer bike I just I just want
to prove him wrong you know I want to be
like you're wrong you're wrong so I just
got to be careful because knowing Tim
he's gonna like take this out of my
suitcase and this is just something that
he would do
