you are my destiny you are my destiny
just the Saturday evening well you two
today we actually paid the deposit for
our our private hospital so originally
we're going to just use a PI system and
then we find out that some if we were to
go through the public system tin
actually wouldn't be allowed to be with
me until I start pushing so like you
know in the hospital I just thought oh
it's kind of scary you know to be away
and in who knows how long I'm going to
be like getting contractions and you
know I'm going to be pain for so I just
said I think I'll be a lot comfortable
if Tim were there you know apartment F
is saying ours and public hospitals are
also you know there's only like one or
two arts and say I understand you know
thathe thing their main priority is you
know the mother and the baby being safe
but I just feel like I'll be more
comfortable with more attention
especially because home hospitals are
really going to see here the private
hospital we chose is kind of in the
middle because some of the prices
artists uh you know just thinking about
it is like whoa even though I feel like
we're paying like quite a bit for this
it's not even like you know we will have
our own room you know still be shared of
other people it's just Hong Kong is just
crazy we just figured like we'll try not
to think about money so heavily
especially because I will be giving
birth like you know a lot of times
they'll be nice to look back and I had a
cousin and she gave birth in this
hospital and she really really
recommended it
oh honey I could smell it here must be
the pregnancy notes I have a news of a
bloodline then you please close the door
honey did you at least turn on the fan
all breathing my life um you uh hotel
wha oh yeah all serious yo kita lazy
holiday Thank You mr. lemon water I
realized that it has been a little while
since I read you guys and my little
grateful entry so today I am thankful
for number one and finally felt our baby
kick twice today and I'm just thankful
because peanut is grow stronger each day
so Tim actually felt peanut cake for the
very first time two days ago and it was
like a big one and today he felt the
medium on and also a light one so who
for being a lot more of those number two
I finally fulfilled a craving I had for
months I finally had a cupcake and it
was delicious although um yeah I choked
on it but yeah I was worth I would
she'll be stuffing cuz it's raining
outside so we can't good don't be mad
look at these two potatoes he'll get
over it watches sorry chubby it's
raining eyes she knows you look far far
far too comfortable ears like funny
squished up like this weird I think my
fingers are starting to swell a little
my ring used to be slightly on the loose
side but now you can see I have a bit of
a bit of meat bulging from it
happy Sunday everybody I'm ready to take
a nap I'm feeling kinda crabby today I
didn't sleep very well tim is off to
walk the dog city and I enjoin because
you guys know how you know I go mosquito
bites I just I react really badly to
when I just don't feel like you know
getting any new ones so I'm just gonna
stay home today and the apartment you're
here
it's just tired after girl o'clock I go
everywhere these crocs slippers they're
actually my mum's and she used to wear
them around the height but I'm in Hong
Kong no one cares
apparently the holes and crocs is where
your dignity leaks sites specially look
this little poodle has my name on her
dress your dog she's looking at her
groceries oh she's so tiny
he's so cute in it so cute it's big
reading the body you are my destiny you
are my destiny
you already kids
Mikal we got for you guys okay you
little rascal here's something you can
eat
get me stopping keep your teeth nice and
white it really really isn't liking
immedlately I've always liked pomelo
like it just reminds me of my sister so
I'm even for pregnant I love to eat
melon I just it's so good for me to eat
it because it helps the constipation
so like I'm Muslim you guys are like you
know of it about me going TMI but the
other day I was in a toilet and I was
literally screaming wow look like you
know pushing lights you know you know
and oh my goodness it hurts so bad so
thinking about it makes my butthole hurt
but you know sometimes you get the sharp
ones well this was a sharpest one I've
ever had and it's not even I can just
suck it back up but she's like you know
once I thought you're gonna have to keep
going oh my gosh zip I was giving birth
but yeah anyways umm pomelo
it actually helps with constipation and
every time I eat it you know hey there's
two types of people one type is you know
just people who get grossed are talking
about you know poop and just I don't
know a lot stuff and then the other type
is meat you know you can talk about oh
you like diarrhea
you know booty everything I'm just like
mm-hmm
I don't get it antisocial
