he's smiling are you smiling at me he's
smiling up wow you look any more
comfortable he's smiling are you smiling
at me
he's smiling um is that what I think it
is behold it's the Sun man look up with
a penis yam pretty shirts
yeah it's definitely swollen I got a
little like mosquito bite yesterday
difference one two that's for you again
here's my little dog I know has it been
since we've had pizza Oh Walter a long
time we're getting curtains
what are you for the baby so a shrimp
and some hi we ended up getting new
curtains for the whole apartment does it
both really I keep having this
reoccurring dream so you're gonna eaten
by me hahaha where I'm like we didn't
buy me more hahaha you didn't buy me
more lost in my home time and Belfast
I'm walking around I'm barefoot and my
phone doesn't work and I'm just trying
to go home on the fruit in wonder what
it means
luckily no I wanna know I wanted to get
it
trying to figure out why my photographer
friend basically he would set up a
maternity portable loonie asks if we
wanted to be a model
so yeah that's fun but Tim's a little
nervous because apparently he thinks he
has to be topless and I'm scared I can I
show off my sexy body people will all
these bitches keep breaking up on me
earlier yeah what he goes oh so I am
looking up what is the definition of
being lost in dreams and it says to
dream that your in-law suggests that you
have lost pools you may be feeling weird
or insecure about the path year or
taking in life being lost means that
you're still adjusting to a new
situation I guess have to do of the the
baby sorry have 8 Tim's binoy for a
while usually after work he comes back
like around 7 so everything's okay are
you missing daddy yeah help us back
hello wide it was a point coming back oh
she scratched she knows you had fun of
me boy
yeah food hits it for I'm not sure with
baby your dog's I kind of saw all the
dogs new Apple then Oh
here's me thinking nose for me or peep
oh that is so cute
how about making cute oh this is
definitely peanuts except on a hobby
shop
Oh digi but the committee can be done
this journey to the west' is such a joke
nothing compared to the 1996 sticky
chung-won the prosthetic makeup is just
so much that you can see their
expression ah that's why is it you want
to get up watch even if I do that side
he'll climb to the back but always
thought and then you turn right now I
can turn or anything on I love his
little teal no more you sure just the
way that the face no Madden makes it
there you go baby so might fit or may
because I eat the right side of my body
more but I have more eggs on like my
right side
for example like my right shoulder feels
more strained and we're not I have one
of these portable massage thingy but it
feels so good oh yeah guess what I'm
watching
I had to bring back my childhood
memories of this show swelling a little
more today
Ralph is watching big news music
beautiful sky honey what was your
highlight off today
fine
they're so cute they actually sit and
look at me and wait till I coat a bit
good morning everybody
so it is half won on is actually pretty
sunny today so I have my friend Cale and
she's coming up today to do some
philomene gasps she's in the head
we have KL g enjoy your your your trick
Hoover and the only bet she also brought
up to get today is not for you Oh watch
me grow I'm so glad the peanut as a boy
Oh Norma was the question
yeah just if you want to get back in
shape afterwards
yello-ha okay I'll just left she's the
sweetest girl ever if the glasses in
Hong Kong you see them my kid abused
hi-yah thummell look figured into benign
but Chubby's got double coats or extra
worn for her so we decide the shapers
she'll excited proportion Jimmy making
lasagna again tonight look at that
cheese bubble
he's kicking me like dine there he likes
getting crotches
yes
McDonnell he's trying to get a snack by
here
