I'm partner you can hear me nor can you
hear me I'm your father
what time is it it's 12:30 what we're
doing we're making pork chops why are we
having pork chops at this time honey
cause in Baltimore yeah we have to renew
University in the very prior to this
pork chop and you should be given pork
chops are actually really tasty
why does every time he kicked a knife at
my camera on you stop what should be
talking about and finally you can hear
me you know mm-hmm I'm your father
who's your daddy who who's it that loser
done it
oh yeah oh you wanna kids come on all
right
so watch me tell me no no no no me I
mean mommy's belly your little paws this
one doesn't want to lose I either get
Boyd I'm a good boy good boy good boy
chubby Guinea everybody good morning
tomorrow
bleep you guys is only the morning on
and I feel I feel great already because
I just took a dump
I feel instantly lighter oh I love this
teal so cute little little pom-pom your
little booty look the bunny rabbit from
behind only half three and I can't
believe how dark it is outside and my
bikes filling a Neosporin I just love
filling my nail tutorials are so easy
what I do is I put some TV on and I just
start painting my nails I set up here
cuz I love you guys you guys get a quick
glimpse of what I did so far not sure
what the coldest yet I'm gonna call it
dead chills patchwork now honey we have
an emergency
I need frozen yogurt why didn't you move
it
you
whatever confused morning is fine it is
1:00 a.m. and they are still praying
Angie I heard like blonde noise identify
like people leaving turns out there's
more people coming in oh my goodness the
thunder was crazy in the morning and
then Alec raining best sleep ever it was
just so nice listened to rain so good I
was like wow you know I feel so lucky to
be you know sheltered to be comfortable
to be warm
I'm protected from the rain it just felt
good to be where are you chubby chubby
bitch and by 20 minutes time we're gonna
be leaving the apartment and we're gonna
be having good summer I have been
dreading watching Labor videos for a
while so I'm gonna watch it today Wow
her book is huge and oh no wonder she's
having twins that's why her bum was
extra huge
okay I'm gonna fast forward a little bit
or else I'll be here for like a full
half-hour
okay the baby makes it if I make me feel
better I need to call my mom and tell
her I love her and that I'm sorry I'm
not sure if I want to watch her give
birth to the second one I think ones
enough collected wheel I give him a very
professional wake-up call today
Oh like hey you like just one of my
favorite give him some of this one so
you got so it's just kind of slide
little
inside it's really delicious
yep gloomy Sunday to be look no walkie
today sorry
weather is not nice so I feel good to be
in Toulouse my Papi's spinach stick tick
off lock and it's just natural he'd only
T's by batteries it just goes through
momentum don't you feel sleepy she's
legal I'm not a tester
what do you think I am likes it
what the are you watching long I watched
a little video today why would you do
that more right giving birth naturally
hey Dom oh hi as I comfortable you're
not even lying down you're being waged
don't want your bean sandwich like a
piece of meat look there's actually
space here you're asking if not Cup look
Dom oh hello boy
he doesn't care about you honey he's
there's no thought is he dead
nothing to you know he's not moving
honey Oh everywhere he's alive his life
horse is a laugh oh there you go you
more comfortable night on my way to me I
there you go there you go that's good
come easy i li definitely posture
