oh pretty you're welcome baths are extra
satisfying at Hong Kong because well
you're right you get too sweaty and
grimy nothing another good back no I
feel like I need another one already
Tim's up okay let's passport we're gonna
be taking her to do doctors do to her
oral thrush do you guys like my son
let's go to settings normal setting and
in a super settings got it because Hong
Kong gets really really really hot and
sometimes I worry about the kids
overheating Lydia was like Celebrity
Juice is fun I was like I don't really
care
she is quite cute like five years it's
funny he thinks this is medicine
Absalom I want to share with you guys
because I'm feeling quite condemned it
happened this morning when I took Isaac
to those indoor play gyms and there is
these kids playing around and especially
this one kid that was really intrigued
with Isaac instead of the kid talking to
I think the kid talk to me and then the
cake goes Iquitos so yeah I think it's
because I was up in the play gym doing
the stuff whereas although all the rooms
are sitting outside then I like that a
kid now I was like aw sounds up so yeah
and then the kid actually speaks in
English I think it was like you are 10
times my age I'm still in shock
immediately feel really old being 10
times someone's age and then secondly I
was just amazed because it means this
kid is 3 and he knows his multiples by 3
rm10 it was able to divide and his mom
looks at me Anisha
hi old Isaac is and in the moment I
panicked and I said he was too and there
was really no reason for me to lie and I
did so I'm feeling so condemned
just got done seeing a doctor's it's
actually pretty weird hi in Hong Kong
for example our appointment without half
for and we didn't see anyone so high
five so it was kind of the norm to be at
least one hour either way I think
appointment went well
when did a doctor because I was worried
about her thrush but then according to
the doctor he says that she doesn't have
rush and it's just residue left from the
milk so I'm really confused and he shot
a special light on the top of her head
she's got a lot of skin like shedding
off the top and he says unless you get
rid of that layer of skin like her hair
will grow at the top that was George
when you were a baby you talked to his
left light or the dark right side
oh yeah as Isaac tired everyone's come
to see Kyle very first
are you tired Isaac are you gonna sleep
now
are you gonna be a good boy tomorrow
promise you listen to mommy and daddy
okay
cause I think was hitting on me Isaac
good night Isaac I love you pick much -
Isaac anymore anymore
bye bye then there was so Lloyd last
night guys like I actually felt the
whole building shake I'll surprise this
guy didn't call out to me did you hear
it is under last night yard it was it
scary but then there's gone the Thunder
is just the sky being hungry and the
skies tell me going what's inside
chicken ain't gonna turn where's the
Thunder it's gone yeah who needs heads I
really don't I coffee but I love coffee
flavored ice cream
his kids waiting for me to finish so we
can have my ice cream cone
do you think
eat me now
oh pretty you're welcome
how much is that baby in the mirror Wow
I know baby you doesn't go very rare and
a little cutie boy you're like looking
at you sir
do you like looking at yourself yeah
yeah look at your little twisted
doughnut arms never miss an arm day he's
not pretty girl
yeah are you talking to mommy not Rea I
think you look like mommy people say you
look like your brother but I think yeah
you agree I think that are you being a
baby isn't it I know all that milk
drinking and all that not being it's
hard work afternoon everyone
Tim is off to play Papa to my friends
it's just the kids and I this afternoon
oh yeah I just want to thank you guys
for all your sweet comments for the
recent vlog I was regarding Chinese
relatives being really blunt and I
didn't actually mind because I figured
okay and it is true but at the same time
it's just an elderly in the know that
sometimes they can sleep one and it's no
harm oh I just kind of let it fresh off
my shoulders everything is since that
day it seems like it's almost like a
daily thing where family members keep
telling me that's you know what game
play every time I see family I'm kind of
like bracing myself because I get wow
you've gained so much weight I hasn't it
kind of ends up getting to me
not necessarily the words getting to me
but the fact that okay these are
specific my family members aren't these
people are supposed to be the ones that
care and protect you the most but
sometimes it seems like it's your family
members that actually hurt your feelings
suppose and I guess I was just kind of
disappointed because these people just
couldn't think before speaking and
especially because hey I literally just
had a baby several weeks ago and I feel
like you know for a pregnant woman
already they're quite vulnerable after
giving birth takes nine months to get
Bagan of course you need to expect you
know up to nine months to go ahead and
get be very honest you guys I never
really had body it's a journey I guess
until I had my babies and you never had
the perfect body but you know naturally
I've always been more on the smaller
side and having a child could definitely
take its toll on the body but you know
I'm still proud of what my body has done
a lever example I'm proud that my boobs
could come do this you know she's only
two months and she's over 15 points this
is just like a little runner do you feel
a lot better after reading your comments
and it's just one of those things you
always know but sometimes you just need
that little extra reminder there's
definitely more to life than how you
look I guess for my family members maybe
it just it doesn't occur into them
