he wants some dish room is empty
whoa check out the echo for loo us
there's a oh this hinges on that supple
hearing all this wood I've never seen
with this good before
oh that's gonna kick hard they have so
much in things like this room looks like
right now all empty come on kid I said a
little trying to pick a wall color for
the guest / baby story trim I quite like
this gentle mint green I think it's
quite nice
well then maybe also have one more
yellow note I'm actually you know making
a nursery it's a guest room that you
know stores my baby stuff mmm gray is
quite nice semi gray with yellow would
be pretty even grey with blue these
rooms are so pretty how awesome is that
feeling when you empty your trash can oh
that no wait you see my hair has really
bad roots you don't act a lot and you
know tyranny this one and Salon de Pro
would be good because there's no ammonia
there's no Center anything so you know
the main concern of hair guy is you know
breathing in the food the fumes so I put
my windows open anyway kink my hair
looks darker already
initially I actually really liked it so
I don't even see but still a little
darker here but at the whole it does
look more even rather than my three tone
hair that I had before what do you think
don't feel a little bit dark you lost an
entire eating that's why didn't I say
bets you know gotta love productive days
and when you got a productive day you
know you got to give yourself a little
treat
so I'm giving myself a DIY face my
morning everybody it's raining outside
why so glum Chum hahaha no tell me you
don't like it ah
guess he's underneath the bed huh little
scaredy-cat who's scared of thunder I
feel safe in a little cave huh it's like
a cape Ryne item is just picking up some
paint oh my knees guys my back is so
sore today oh there's him
can't even see the top of that
skyscraper
I'm not really sure where sir the flight
team is pretty sold on this bond
Kawasaki so I think we're gonna be
getting our stroller on our trip here
and buying the whole stuff piece apart
what are you getting here getting the
crib getting the stroller a little baby
baby carrier and the car seat there's
multiple causes like do we go to my
buddy's yeah we're thinking of getting
this stroller for a bed we're getting
this one and actually grows and extend
kind of good cause is growing so we can
wheel it around apartment and it extends
into
getting this as well how do you feel
like the best for your little boy
so maybe adorable babies and pregnant
women walking around talking about
yourself on it what do we get sorted out
you got the crib I forgot a crib our
lesson until they're 10 years old
apparently we got a prom we've got proms
jewelry same thing I call a car seat and
we've got the baby card honey and a
voodoo you know maternity photos
 for children for mothers for
selling file oil baby clothes we're
gonna be getting this today it's called
the leaf and basically I'm the baby
sister
it just swivels by momentum
we have oh yes a clown tighter of course
your bread cupcake for starters
I'm so happy to get food when the
weather the miserable today we will
actually lucky to be like sheltered and
be fed
the end
and it's not from the girls like having
home not so it's been a very long day
and is actually amber ran miserable
weather looking forward to see Netaji
like this hope Tom will not be scared at
home from the Sun here - today what are
you doing oh hey she's always crazy I'm
amazing this support belt hopefully this
will help my my back ache belt lift the
belly giving proper support shoot away
some background reduces fall feeling
from the belly doesn't wear this under
your clothes but I'm at home no one
cares
looking good honey
you want some there we're going to boil
some chicken put a dog because they've
been last home alone for a while like
the entire day that was thundering so we
got some chicken mmm
Tim's driving the chicken so Joe Beach
is bleeding which one one I know my
chicken feet honey are you doing
oh no I get the best word he did all the
preparation oh what a mess she just mop
the floor
yeah but look at her fall on it she's
gonna clean the floor after forgot a
little bullet a low voltage oh my gosh
today I am grateful because even though
today was rainy and miserable
we were sheltered and even though we
drove all our Hong Kong we want to get
home safely and marine so I'm also
really thankful for car secondly we're
able to buy quite a lot of baby gear
today so which is still blessed that God
has blessed us financially to be able to
buy these products before having so much
strain in our income 3 I feel grateful
because I was able to spend the entire
day with Tim so usually I could have
spent a lot of time with Tim but I don't
know I feel like at home sometimes they
can be so distracted you know he does
his work and I do my work but today he
could only you know focus on me and I
can only focus on him and it was really
raining
and you know he was just being very
careful with me you know making sure him
slip and caring you know all my things
so I just I just had a really nice day
just you know be productive with him
traveling and eating so I really do
cherish this type of time with Tim you
want some of this
