no this one fits you rather than that
blazer does little winds jacket any nice
simple after breakfast today
fun day have to clear out this room pack
stuff into boxes because all of this
built-in storage is going to get not
dawn and after guests knock down this
room is going to be empty for a month
when we come back from England that's
when they rebuild the room into
something else
not bad uses room but this room is kind
of like the symbolism you know off my
freedom of my space but it's all good
good thing I have one of these thought
ID boxes so I can just maybe shovel the
nail polishes in here I think I did
quite a good job so far empty and I'd
the stuff and the boxes here the dogs
never come in here because I'm never in
here star they're like ooh after you
everybody a little blue in Hong Kong
today so that's I think everybody I
actually uploaded the you know cooking
with pet lost in the vlog yesterday and
I didn't mean to fumble like so many of
you guys side above it was also really
glad that it's triggered you guys so you
appreciate your furry friends more and
you know it's not even just pets you
know it's like people you know like
pencil by one day animals by one day we
will die one day but I think it's a
blessing you know when a dog gets to
grow old or cut whatever it is and it's
same for a human as well you know what I
think that's my granddad and you know I
used to be so upset with the way he died
you know the pain that he was in but you
know we we should just focus on Heidi
lives rather than Heidi died you know my
ground that was really lucky because he
got to grow to an all age and not
everybody is blessed to have that you
know not everybody's blessed time II
find love you got married yet grand
adored him Chubby's in the corners on
the treadle check off tubby come on get
off like GIMP it's the Russian tour
Neath your bed you've had dead body in
here no one will know look guys
tim has a colors as I burn a greener
hotel a Brian green blazer I said
depends what kind of look you're going
for
you got grew into this when I'm all old
like another 40 year pure cotton I
remember why don't you give this to your
dad honey is your word we have nothing
all match this for no you tell me to
thin this I didn't tell you to Bennett
eyes the Austrian cousin a black bag so
I want you go through it before we like
don't eat the stuff I'm keeping this how
many morning yet maybe once or twice
we want with what huh do your knees we
had we got this uninterested book
keeping this you bought this I don't
know why you bought this because I gotta
hit the shortcut yes but is like the
biggest waste of money ever when you're
gonna wear this
I mean it is got dorsal fin
he's a hobby it's just to be his
favorite coat guys whole jacket keeps to
think he looks so cool in it
well good but not in shorts this was
useful cuz not gonna wear jeans Ulis
this isn't oh this is mine no this one
fits you rather than that Blazers look
at our living room it's amazing how much
stuff we have to rearrange and throw I
and donate so for all for this little
guy he's not even born yet my sister got
me this and it really doesn't go over
stuff but I really appreciate the
intentions of what we're gonna want to
keep this guy while the living room is
all crumbs my room is not empty here so
I'm gonna miss this feel kind of sad
only managed to use these for two years
but you know let me change to something
better
finally after all the tithing today it's
really they could fortune making dinner
I meet my speciality shepherd's pie or
actually this is cottage pie it is
really the same thing pretty much spent
all off today just cleaning out the
makeup room and still really good to
just relax finally and right in my two
day and gray pubic so today I'm grateful
because I got to clear the makeup room
and declare the apartment and you know
sometimes like something really small
like sometimes you might have a very
messy closet and it's not important I
get to clean it right away but you know
always at the back of your mind so when
it's finally all cleaned up it just
feels really really good yet no idea
because we have to make space in
apartment we have to donate slash throw
away a lot of stuff so
and I just kind of you know made a deal
like before we buy anything just think
about our you know is it really
necessary because you're never really
gonna throw it away one day then you
know we gotta be careful with things
goodbye
yeah tomorrow the guys are going to be
coming over and they're going to tear
down my makeup / computer room my family
just took in a Samoyed puppy and I love
Samoyed some ways is like you know the
giant chubby and you know they're
good-natured dogs but it's just I just
hope my family know what you're
expecting you know it's not even that
long since max passed away so originally
we mentioned that maybe we'll take care
of like a dog that's maybe already like
2 3 4 years old can Max is perfect for
my granny because you know eventually
great old and you know my slow I can see
why I would be hard to like not adopt
this little one
so cute actually have neighbors that old
Samoyeds here and there was just really
good nature dogs Samoyed has always been
Tim's dream dog so he's really happy
seriously this dog
we don't you remember that you're a girl
dog have a little bit of class hey
everybody
