hey everybody it is pops so we are at 23
weeks only a few more weeks until we
reach our third and final trimester in
this point poignancy can scare any know
in 17 weeks from this to like here don't
even three weeks since my last pregnancy
vlog and I am just experiencing so many
changes already
so before I share all the new things and
feeling in this pregnancy let's track hi
babies doing peanut is approximately the
size of a pomegranate and measures
around eleven and a half inches from
head to heel and weighs almost a point
your baby continues to accumulate fat
and drink an amniotic fluid his or her
sense of taste is maturing along with
other senses such as touch and hearing
over the next few weeks your baby will
gain significant weight and almost
double in size I hope you guys enjoyed
our gender-reveal video we had a lot of
fun filming that we J actually have a
name in mind and we'll probably n my sis
soon we're pretty we're pretty sure
we're going to go for that name a new
something that I've been experiencing
that I've never really gotten before in
these recent few weeks is just having
really warm feet you know my feet and my
nose are normally the true cool things
my body but PCs it just feels like it's
on fire especially when I'm go to bed
and I read is because of the increased
blood in your body oh I have to say
without my duvet these days I have been
the perfect candidate for mosquitoes so
I'm so scared to go outside and when I
get bitten by mosquitoes my body reacts
differently sometimes people when I
scratch it that's when it grows really
big but even if I don't scratch my bites
they grow really big and they swell up
and then it gets really hard and my
whole like it's no mansour vibes I've
been so itchy and I have been struggling
sleeping cuz you know I can't scratch
them like
and creams on them I really can't use
repellent I try to stay indoors as much
as possible and not quite when you know
it's been raining Singh let's talk about
dreams I hear about a lot of women
getting vivid dreams and even a lot of
people getting nightmares I've been
getting so many nightmares and they come
in a string for example last night I
dreamt that it wasn't that nightmare but
I you know I dreamt my baby was born and
you know my baby needed to be changed
you know he soil does not be and I
continue cuz I was on prepare there was
no knock ease and then the baby got
tired and he's just sleeping on the
floor and then oh I had no crib I had
nothing for the baby prepared I was just
stressing so much in my dream I think
it's because you know I feel like time
is moving so fast so I'm scared that I
won't get all the stuff in on time we
are preparing the baby room right now
you know I'm reading a lot of books and
we're going to classes but it's just ah
just need to chillax I thought I would
be the lucky one that would get it with
a backache but I started to get it this
week a problem because I have scoliosis
it's normal for your your back to be
curves right Kurt right like this
however my spine kind of curves even
horizontally so my spine can occurs a
little on the left so it creates more
strain on my back oh you know the baby
is getting heavy and it's a good thing
because the median is growing but you
know specially after it eats or if I've
been sitting for too long when I
suddenly stand up I'm like oh if not to
a point where it's like excruciating so
that's good but yeah a lot of times I
would prefer to sit down rather than
stunned so I try to work on my posture
as well so I don't arch my back too much
so I've got too much pressure on my
spine and I don't hunched over either so
I try to have your posture and do like
exercising I definitely feel a lot more
clumsier but it's a good bump because
it's getting bigger and you know
sometimes when I drop something I just
look at I'm like screwed up I do
my Buddha Bailey ever but all the time
like all my t-shirts have little bubbles
where the word a bit part is cuz I rub
it so much I feel peanut cake throughout
the day and I kind of figured like a
little pattern off when he would kick
usually went a little bit and you know
when I wake up that's when he kicks
sometimes I just lay in bed motionless
and he would not kick and then I start
talking and then he starts kicking so
that's cool and I noticed he kicks a lot
when I'm hungry so it's almost as if
he's like you know telling me to hurry
up and feed him and after it he's
usually very still you know so he's
probably late it's all comfortable and
Phil from beating especially when I
drink hot milk
that's a peanut kicks like crazy so you
should probably really really likes
drinking milk just I just feel so bad
because I can feel all the kicks and
sometimes I can see my belly like kinda
much and move but Tim has just been
unlucky he has not been able to feel
peanut kick yet so he thinks pina is
totally trolling him but we will get
there hopefully terms of the baby breed
I used to think baby brain was just like
maybe it's a good miss thing I think I'm
starting to get it last night I jumped
into the shower and yeah I forgot to
take off my underpants
it was also yesterday that I left the
house still in my slippers so yeah I'm
doing like little silly things every day
getting my second trimester and you know
middle off it it was you know I didn't
need to go to the toilet as much but not
even if I need to go even just a little
I have to go and I think it's because
the weight is squishing onto my bladder
so I don't even know what it's gonna be
like you know in the next few weeks I
don't know if this is TMI guys but this
doesn't happen all the time it's
happened twice so two times I sneezed I
peed myself just a little okay
and luckily and you know this happened
when I was in the house and not outdoors
I know it's very common but I didn't
think I would get it until maybe my
third trimester
sir I guess it's really time for me to
umph up those Kegel exercises dude you
might not living in the last pregnancy
vlog I was telling you guys that oh you
know I'm craving a healthy crunchy
fruits and vegetables noise these days
I'm craving potatoes fries and mashed
potatoes anything that's made with
potatoes and creamy chocolate especially
white chocolate I love drinking fizzy
drinks I'm still very thankful that I
can still get relatively good sleep it
could get pretty uncomfortable our
mattress is a hard mattress and I've
always loved sleeping in hard mattress
that when you're praying and you have to
sleep on your side it's not so good
because the mattress is so hard it
doesn't contour your body properly so
what I get is I get a lot of stiff
joints so before I go to bed I usually
have the stretch for about half an hour
just to loosen up my joints we have to
get one of those sheets that you put on
top of the mattresses so it makes a
mattress softer so that's helped a
little bit so let's show you guys my
baby bump
you see properly the thing is you know
Tim's granny was actually asking me last
week um you know if I'm actually having
twins and I'll die no oh there we go
front side again three time my pump end
up looking more like a boy book where it
kind of dropped a little lower and it's
got a more pointy ER no stretch marks so
far but I hear a lot of women get it in
their third trimester my sister says
from the front my stomach actually looks
like a guy's okay so far I just feel
really blessed in this pregnancy because
I feel like it's been pretty easy you
know apart from just the slight
discomfort that I get you know from the
back ache and just not sleeping well
it's been going so well
Timmy I have another 17 weeks left of
just him and I so I finally when we eat
I don't even want the TV to be left on I
want to switch it off so him and I
just have quality time to just chat and
just catch up and just bomb of each
other I feel like I always want to go
out and sign with him own little dates
well hope you guys enjoy catching it
with me thank you guys so much for
watching and I shall talk to you soon
bye everybody
