I don't know you guys remember but we
have a dog called Max and messes our
family dog from back home right now he's
not doing too well what is his health
hasn't been too good for for a while no
especially this year he's just been
through so much you know with daddies
and losing his eyesight tonight things
aren't looking too good and I just feel
so guilty because you know I'm all the
way in Hong Kong
Max is my getting old and the vet tells
us that we just need to be prepared in
this snack here's max not long ago and
it's Sookie and it was actually him that
made me love poem rainy so many photos
off to be in Tamil and completely forgot
by the photos I used to take with Max
back when I lived in Ireland he saw
wishes take little naps he's so cute
today we are heading off as I called on
alone 8 o clock I'm not even sure what
it is
yaaaas I hate being behind disease when
I will put a left
what does it make you think of honey
fell destination Tim thought was very
manly of 200 glide but yes you just
totally imagine what's gonna happen if
the poles went through the car I'll go
through your head through your eyes on
I'll go through your fist go through
your brain like let's have brought with
him
taking max can you bel still entered
into the eyes it's so I can sleep in the
car we just had our updated a class and
luckily we came me every day the girl
was talking about so there's always a
time I guess because it's nice to know
that we've been junior or homework how
the public system works we didn't know
very much about I'm stuck in traffic
you're not stuck in traffic honey you're
also part of traffic I know I'm stuck in
traffic
yes but you're also traffic nope I'm
stuck here because er traffic you're
annoying why face caused her some bad
news so she's upset
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba a big tub of popcorn
hopefully this'll cheer her up vigor
feel my knee come home and cry night so
max passed away last night while he had
to stay over his head and his pillow so
horrible because nobody was with him in
his last moments but the vet said that
he was sedated and so they're going to
cremate max and normally they um spread
the ashes themselves but what about me
is going to collect it and we're going
to dig ashes to the park that mutt goes
to every day I'm going to scatter it in
the ocean because he loves the beach you
know dealing with you know loss of a
pets always been tough especially when
you know the pets like it's like a
family man 40 I just feel really lucky
that we were blessed to be able to adopt
him and have in our lives so glad that
he's no longer in pain or chubby and
before Damo I lived in Northern Ireland
max'll is our family dog
- I have always been super duper close
he was a really good dog and we always
called him King max because he's the
king of the house so in a quarter I'm
sad because he's no longer with us it's
just one of the things that you know we
would all have to anticipate one day
make sure you max sweet dreams
this is lux when he was a little puppy
that's eating the plants and okay I just
took a very much needed bath and I'm
sorry if like you know today's vlog is
kind of depressing guys I just really
needed a good cry cuz I was holding it
in because I got the news when I was
outdoors and I didn't want to describe
aaalac so came home had a good cry five
years ago when I left Hong Kong like
honestly it was max who I I really
missed the most and I asked him to take
care of my granny and he did such a
great job at every single day he made
her smile and somewhere along the line
and I just ended up getting my own dogs
and it's almost as if I had forgotten
about Max back home
but I do know that max was a very lucky
dog and every day he was happy he was
treated like a king and we even called
him King Max and I just feel really
blessed that we were able to you know
have him in our family and I heard a
story about an adult asking why can't
dogs live as long as humans and a little
boy answered this adult human live
longer because they need to spend a
longer time to learn how to be a good
person dogs already know how to do that
so that's why it does some women's log
because they don't need to come and we
can really take our pets or on it so you
know just try spend as much time with
your job as possible you know you have
friends you have places to go to you
have a life but you know I understand
that but remember your dog only has you
the pets are just awesome because they
don't care how you look you don't care
what you have they don't care you have a
lot of money whatever they only know how
to love you I love you guys Dimon's
awaits to have a little drink with his
friends and the dogs are being nice and
quiet hmm junior little Boone's
someone's keeping busy what do you want
I know you guys just want to cheer me up
I know it I love u t.j I am grateful for
number one I'm grateful for max for
reminding me that life is happiest when
simple and he helped my family really
appreciate life too
I'm thankful for Skype because I was
able to talk to granny and comfort her
and see your face
number three family best things in life
are free step
what's wrong
you
I'm glad he finds me comfortable like
this
