I thought tempting bevels big five
grocery but these are actually more of
your letters
okay actually stood off for a while my
peel box because I just feel so guilty
because more of you guys are actually
sending me gifts and I could say I do
really appreciate them guys guys I feel
so bad but thank you so much guys for
sending in your letters and your parcels
my days oh this is beautiful
thank you so much Ilana this looks I'm
just speechless
I'm thank you so much for your birthmark
I'm definitely gonna use it because you
know I'm a little bit worried
then Kiana where is adorable cozy fluffy
jacket and also little hat a peanut -
wearing when winter comes you know I
mean guys you know you guys get me like
a sore balls both get peanuts adorable
presence all the time my fishy one here
so thank you Lena pretty seriously guys
no more presents but if you do want to
post me something guys I would really
appreciate if you guys you know just
pushed me like a postcard oh you know be
nice to get little postcards from my
subscribers from all over the world you
currently have someone here did you -
measuring for the guest room and he
actually called the seat on his way at
one and it is 6:00 p.m. boy he probably
got lost promised I wasn't trying to
listen to him go you know but you're
some Linds you know when someone pees
you can't help it here and a lot of
people do that you know they're like
like silly like splashing and squirting
and then it goes from so yes just a
little weird I don't know what's weirder
like you know that's or be listening
although like you really can't help but
hear like a comment question of the day
for me is um what's the weirdest thing
and a random DIY I don't know renovating
whatever you have plumber guy has done
in your home
mine was um waking up in the afternoon
to find my dad's renovating guy using
our tool Clippers did you have a good
day really I noticed that I have just
been so whining okay and I'm sure it's
not just notices it like I feel like up
here instead of listening to myself I
think I've just really been focusing on
like little negative things I'm feeling
rather than like a noticing like an old
and you think that you'd be thankful for
us I really want to go back to that I've
seen this thing that's kind of like them
then going on Facebook and it's like are
you HOT so apparently is used by
cosmetic surgeons to create the perfect
profile place your finger index finger
against your chin and nose the save your
lips touch it mm-hmm father first 11
touches that means you're beautiful this
is so silly he made this up Tim and I
just filmed a bean boozled challenge
it was interesting I kind of
underestimated high high bod some of the
more but yeah I think we're pretty put
off jelly bean through the rest of our
lives
safe to say so thank you miss for gum
after it a bean boozled challenge
finally got that vomit jelly bean out of
my mouth yes I know little boy mine you
for all the girls and guys like there to
remember no booty is not something
it'd be measured on a scale live is just
way way way we wage a show it's just you
know obsess over other beauty you know
despite your getting you know so and so
amount of surgery and dressing like so
and so like nobody will ever be perfect
so I take comfort in knowing that I'll
never be perfect and I'm really really
really ok with that
no ten does do some errands and I'm just
waiting for him in the car another to
everybody feels good to get some food
when I get hungry I go into the veg boat
well I like to call it Incredible Hulk
angry mojo or us individually but I just
get really but you just I don't know I
can't even explain the feeling that I
get I just rich it's just your son's
hungry know I'm like you know peanut was
hungry cuz you get picking me there
hurry up again paper and stop Scott
exercise and got some stuff so let me
show you guys what I got
as usual begin me cookies tissue and
they gave me this away cover thing which
is nice and they also always give em
they have a pink pen that they give the
gift the stuff that I thought first of
all I thought fun I love enterprises lip
products so I decided try the vivid pop
stick just a pretty kind like a fibrous
peach color I got so we'll see how this
will look and I got cheap polishes look
how pretty the colors are just look up
the cell purple and a minty green silk
screening and then I got these two
eyeshadows um they remind me of the
sunset so this one's kind of Orange E
and this one's kind of a wine color once
I think they will look pretty together
also it's not from exercice but I just
love using these giant pin bastard
iguana figure and a bun like there's no
point putting like loads and loads of
pins so this one like I have a really
sturdy a button and all I'm using is one
pin so that's really handy and in last
year like forever
I've had this work here one year these
are just for the jobs they love me
there's all smartphones so they're
actually um made with real chicken
vitamin and mineral enriched so there's
no rawhide in it so it's a lot healthier
than getting the actual rawhide bones
which is not food for dolls at all let
me get dinner today into my Zen yeah
Oh
