hi is it possible that your hubby can
just look so so peaceful and angelic
sleeping yet you just have that urge to
defecate them in their sleep oh I
probably some Hospital kick guys it's
just I can no longer put on my shoes
again I did not think very much before
getting buckles yes woman yeah thankee
who's finally get to give some little
clothes away we're just doing a little
bit of shopping I guess it's safe it's
okay kitty
you're crazy recognition i take the
lecar
my season $500 these are like ten times
the price so you guys have been asking
me of what I've been using to my hair
because it looks shinier it could see
the pregnancy hormone but I've been
using my argan oil I try faces often as
I can and it actually makes my hair try
a lot quicker as well so that's a huge
bonus
huh gotta love the feeling of freshly
washed and dried here we're having
dinner and like there's a mirror in
front of me so it looks like I'm dining
with myself having company boy are you
serious I think it's cute moving on pedo
Frankie Wendy ever not have like
something there I attached the Dodge
sounds like licking my baby hmm
Chubby's always next to me good morning
sunshine I'm still having this toasty
phase what today and I have a doctor's
appointment in a bit Tim's car got towed
yesterday because we think there's a got
rocks that's somewhere so it's off to
get fixed and hopefully today is it
peanut cooperates impossible definitely
have a gender reveal video of with you
guys yeah some of you guys are almost on
the verge of being angry and saying I'm
just being me we're not really an agenda
it's not that I don't want to but I
don't want to release the video and then
like a week going of actual word little
mistake there yesterday my sister helped
me make a list of stuff that I need to
get and this is just this is not
including the clothing pieces okay so we
have nursing pillow breast pump ball
sterilizer cribs car seat bassinet slash
co-sleeper bathtub bath wash bottle for
feet all fits washing powder changing my
face wet wipes naki bike bottle scrubber
brush basin thermometer baby nail
clipper stood a cream q-tip Spicer baby
longer yeah
I'm sorry lately guys if like all I've
been talking about or all we have been
talking about it's just baby really
things I know some of you guys might
even be getting a little frustrated but
I guess you know getting ready for the
baby is a huge part of our lives right
now so we have so much repair someone
just tweeted me and say oh look this
looks like Tim I'll like okay who's this
now and this is what I see
he am I like a perfect candidate for and
skittle fights and as annoying because I
don't even scratch my bites but they
swell so it's a little the bites here
but it kind of swells up all of our in
my cowl and I really think the cult is a
worse place to get it because when
you're standing all the blood rushes it
so it just makes it kind of noise I'll
have like um when that kind of swollen
up here and I don't even scratch my
bites and that's what makes it bigger
this one is not big so it's right here
it's all here as well I'm just glad is
not as red anymore and it was like
purple last night like deep purple and I
have more bites but I would say these
three or more the annoying ones the rest
don't bother me as much okay so as you
can see peanut has two hands covering
the little face doesn't like all just
signed at all I've got a hard to get all
the baby in metal design these days
because baby's just getting bigger and
bigger what you're going to hear next is
a little heartbeat
we know for sure so we can't like upload
the gender-reveal video tonight I'm kind
of luck I did a little bit of shopping I
just got some clothes because you're not
been wearing the same like t-shirts and
stuff so what I'm wearing is one of them
this one's from H&M just like a loose
pinky jumper and I'm wearing also an H&M
like loose t-shirt underneath like this
just you know just clothes that's easy
for the belly and here I got like a maxi
dress so let's try this on for you guys
just figure it'd be nice to wear for
summer and they'll be comfortable for me
as well oh I love it I love the colors
it's very comfortable flowy
my so stretchy for my belly luckily it's
like perfect length for me as well
yeah but this is just like a really list
one and yeah I think I can just wear
maybe leggings underneath this or wear I
don't know shorts I don't know whatever
but it's so comfortable I'm just gonna
wear this around the apartment I thank
you so much to Jessica for this hike to
use this guys check out guys look it's a
shark bathrobe look little baby wearing
it and even if a guy has a little tail
we think we're going to use this picture
as a gender-reveal on our Facebook for
friends like a doll mohit actually see
his mom smiling here he's so cute
hubby is making me season
because I've been moaning to have it for
a while Donald Oh something just like
this shark okay let me get it off though
let me get it off okay you're free think
I scared him perfect combination Harry
Potter and state dinner she's so silly
but a rice cooker was there today so
there was like two grams of rice there
and she's trying to eat it
