hello everybody so today is a day that
we finally announce the gender of our
baby
so today we will have chubby and double
of little helpers and our gender-reveal
video we actually put ribbons on there
so that looks so cute they think I look
silly but it's okay we'll just bribe
them with little dog treats after so the
question everybody asks are we having a
boy or are we having a girl friends and
family of YouTube we are having drumroll
living in another this ISM I'm chubby
and I'm teen girl she can brush my fur
will take feeding naps together we'll
have so much fun come on what do you say
I'm dumb and I'm teen boy roll around
but all day get up to no good together
I'll be his cuddle buddy - what do you
say how do we agree on this squirrel he
ever wins the race
yes the sibling of their choice
I feel really good about having a little
boy I've always wanted a big brother
when I was younger so now we get to have
one in our little family I mean I think
Tim and I we kind of had always imagined
lots of a little girl but when I find
out I was pregnant I just I just knew I
was carrying a little boy
well obviously I'm very excited and I've
already had an older sister at my family
he wanted a boy guys I honestly just
want him to be a decent person that's
normal so it doesn't matter if he like
good-looking or rich or successful and
if he could help change someone's life
or to better even just one I think
that's amazing
I just hope the child's healthy happy
and has a very optimistic mind and more
of an extrovert like me not what's wrong
introverts introverts are cool too like
me
I hope they're smart like me but being
crude it was good as well I mean we just
fun we just want you to be happy okay
yeah sudden that's so queer son we have
a son son a little penis
me the son becomes the father and the
father becomes the son Nine's instead of
stealing from Superman once again just
want to thank all of you guys just for
walking in this whirlwind on the journey
with us it's been happening so fast and
it's really really crazy but it's been
yeah it's been kind of fun
take care and we shall see you guys very
very soon hello everybody bugs
oh sorry I forgot to put
