I'm so angry yay I'm so angry
yay you went to bed so late and you
snore so loud that you actually went
into my dream of me going fishing and
scared away all the fish actually
remember me going get off my boat you're
so loud exactly
fishes Obon he went to bed when like the
Sun was shining he gets extra tired so
the snoring is amplified its auditioning
I'm so cheers well morning by the way
all right now we're just picking a topic
for a walk and grabbing some lunch but
so hot today we probably just get
takeout because no way we can eat
outdoors it's really good day feels so
good to be an apartment of air carnal
sweating so much I don't know what
you're thinking honey having hot soup in
this weather but whatever I on the other
hand got a club sandwich hmm
if this doesn't get people to listen to
classical music
what will penis complete oh stop
Hey keep kicking as you can see it is
one o'clock and I'm having chocolate
cake and vanilla chocolate chip ice
cream why not
it's a Saturday honey word good boy he
always looks no more Luffy after he gets
a haircut I come every time after he
gets a haircut he looks bigger did you
feel it mommy yeah so
mmm it is um oh it's not morning
actually oops I find this little bad boy
and I thought let's make toke sneeze I
don't know why but you know like a
normal cheese and ham sandwich it tastes
extra better when it's turn to toasty
wise up I just love this sizzling
crackling noise to hear that let's see
what you look like you look beautiful we
need to make some changes in this
apartment and as much as I love this
it's just I feel like that piano was
just a waste of time I knew it like you
know Tim bought in he said he's gonna
play it all the time and he plays it
like three times a year
so you know we just were running out of
a storage in his apartment so we're just
thinking maybe we should build some more
storage in there cuz we left that part
empty just for a piano but he doesn't
play it so I just feel like it's getting
wasted so and then this room gives me a
headache um at the beginning I thought
big your idea to have a room for me to
edit and work but I actually just work
in the living room as you guys know and
I thought I'll be good ever and for my
makeup and I thinking back that's just
ridiculous I don't need a room for my
makeup so this is going to turn to the
baby room but I still need storage to
store all my makeup my hair products so
we don't know what to do I mean
obviously look at all storage here
that's all great but you know we also
need a gas bed as well so how are we
going to fit that everything and that's
a problem like Hong Kong apartments
the baby should be sleeping with us at
least in the first six months so again
we don't really have space unless we put
the crib here
I feel like this bathroom is kind of
wasted because we don't need two
bathrooms it would be good if this was
like a closet or you know even like a
mini baby room or something we decided
to keep our suitcase tight since we're
traveling to UK next month where my new
maternity fast zombie actually looks
like a dress huh
I like this color kind of Martin my
Neal's as you can see Tim's been tidying
this room for the past few hours and
every time I come in here it looks
exactly the same
I've got all this info is highly
confidential and there's so much all we
need to do guys look because it was so
humid in Hong Kong look it's growing
mold up there so we need to wash that
off and all I need to not we I trimmed
my friend Ian because it's getting all
it's crazy how fast my hair grows right
now we're heading out to go to our
friend's house for dinner and we
actually pick up some dessert
got a selection of cake tipping over my
collection of kicks your weird the
chocolate kick yes
how many pieces - if you guys remember
pizza and the caught bake she's gotten
she's a tough one
she actually overcame yet she survived a
parvo so invoke only had a lot of
abandoned dogs and she was on the lucky
ones at the my friend Queenie
ticking yeah yeah one of my favorite
dishes its Scarlett and then on top it's
got a firmer jelly I mean I got butter
and garlic delicious get off home in
sick
she's like the size of you honey I only
have chocolate cheesecake and we have
Oreo chocolate roll we have chocolate
cake right tart
blueberry tart - pedo milk cake this has
been eyeing of these people you guys
remember I was telling you guys that
some next month we're heading off to Tim
sisters sweaty so it was pretty hard
trying to look for some like a paternity
like dresses especially with my height
you know sizes of stuff on ASOS don't
mind the black honey but this is one of
them it's not as long as I thought it
would be but um
suppose I don't want it to be like
really short anyway but I think I would
like it if it was just slightly above to
me kind of longer button anymore and
even if I'm over some heels I don't know
where to hi
this one is just a plain like like a
bodycon dress I guess it's flattering
but it's kind of plain so if I wear that
I would need to probably put on like a
nice necklace and just swear mice
accessories
this one's not from ASOS I got it like
somewhere really cheap in one of those
scores I don't know I like the color but
I'm not really sure but this part my
clothes don't fit me anymore I just I
don't want to spend a lot of money
getting the 22-foot especially in
dresses that I'm never really gonna wear
so I don't know what do you think guys
