you promised mum you'll never do it
again and you told mommy mommy would
have put you are you feeling what I'm
talking to you I have a problem guys my
neighbours look at their gum blurs but
they play mahjong every single day used
to be only two weekends but now they
play a note in the weekdays as well and
last night I didn't need till - so right
now is when you have 12 but you know
you're not supposed to be making like a
lot of noise like after 11:00 I feel bad
if I were to make an official complaint
so I don't really know what you'd do
maybe you should just sleep threatening
anonymous letter good morning
we're gonna be leaving the apartment
nice oh it's about eight o'clock and we
have a doctor's inmate mint doctor some
maintenance really doctor's appointment
sorry he just got back from the doctors
time baby very good you be very healthy
somehow like a
a little different where they don't
really want to tell you a secular baby
you just say oh I'm looking at I I'm
guessing it's uh which is what the
doctor said last time tonight we Arctic
he has a little penguin pal I wish I
have want to do that's so fun oh hi
wifey ye too excited sorry but the
covers oh I guess you got very I bought
them you're so swell that's unbelievable
alright bed just likes so much comfort
okay so see you guys later we're going
to take a nap because we're really tired
this pillows so comfortable I think I'm
gonna be sleeping well for the rest of
the pregnancy what about the privacy for
my boy
difference between like the flow and a
gun normal like this is actually a good
mellow that we got but it's so soft it's
just you know it just sinks in but this
one because it's nice and like firm I
can support me so I can sleep up right
here at Crystal Jade with KML just
getting some food and getting some
healthy chicken soup yeah Hong Kong
hospitals are different I understand
that they just have to be more
professional but I feel like they're not
as friendly as back home so I'm kind of
looking into going private but I'm just
kind of worried how the price is gonna
go it's alright it's too good for
seasoned
a veggie with minced pork this tofu
that's stuffed with meat on essentially
felt and saw the chili and this one is
sea and sour chicken this is the
downside of eating before going grocery
shopping you don't want to look at any
food
I'm on hold with the music epic I try to
say I don't mind waiting of this music
does it feel like you in a mission
feels like I'm invincible
kinda like me trust me to get new
pillows and new sheets and damo to pee
all over it
serves me right for just being too
comfortable sleeping and going in the
sleep cool mother I don't even know Domo
needs to pee he's never paid in a bed
it's been like so long since he has the
nut he'll be trying to defend double why
did you pee in the bed for is it because
you couldn't get down
why didn't you tell mommy and you told
mommy mommy would have put you are you
the only one I'm talking to you
chubby this is none of your business I'm
having on top of Damo she's always like
this I'm not sure now you chubby I'm
shredding at Donnell you promised mom
you'll never do it again
do you promise to be honest I was
probably too comfortable sleeping
because isn't his character to tell me
he needs to pee but it's okay okay now
we're just having teriyaki salmon today
so I that's been marinating for about
maybe and r2 or something so I'm just
going to stick this in a grill got a
sausage as well wake up
peanut doesn't like it don't do that
quick okra oh yeah that's it no belly
time for you ladies do you have this
problem he calls it his turkey drumstick
which I find for you offensive you many
go babe you're gonna regret it
beggin me let me go and you'll never
find out leg is coming you know you can
never like completely grub my eggs
if you hear thunder thighs I think Dean
has got my my tummy thighs for peanut
sun is shining I hear two birds just a
beautiful day to not go outside because
it's hot it's humid and I'll just die so
perfect weather just stay indoors the
aircon on while 18 pineapple tonight I'm
making chicken casserole so I got my
drumsticks that I brined up and I got
some veggies in there so I'm just gonna
stick this in the often four by one arm
you guys like it especially Donnell you
don't express any more um I missed you
too just got my potatoes on top of the
casserole does actually looks pretty
good was my first time making this come
like honey it's my first time making
this oh good
yep welcome the second penis what penis
oh you're disgusting
maybe we rearranged potatoes we can make
it a tea balls I mean this picture up
stick no we need to move this one here
no you're doing it wrong
Tim it's like this one side here and
then another side here why are we doing
this to my dinner yup sided penis thanks
for ruining my dinner
mmm just good thank you honey Tyra and
onions ready
