you don't want to be embarrassed about
it share it then you have nothing to be
scared of your mama died
it smells like apples here okay got in a
car and I was like I think partly it's
you're bleep with him because I was
asking to go home and I was like I
wonder 2025 minutes those 20 minutes
would have saved your car I don't care
about the car what if I guess it happens
today were having sushi
he thinks the ham roll is a rice ice
cream cone we can eat
finger
one of my favorite dishes when it comes
to Chinese and I quit even he's enjoying
it but the secret is I think it's the I
only eat chicken or fish we told him the
crab eventually he thinks it's a big
chicken these guys are mixing something
known as the dirty pint critic room and
he has like
waiting everyone it's our I think it's
our fourth date Hong Kong and time is
system flying we love this apartment
because you go everywhere in like 10
steps only die side in the mess I think
of the lost cause I kind of just given
up because we just have no space for all
our stuffs mr. cases is still everywhere
we have bags of stuff that we have no
space to put away but it'd be a living
like this for the next three weeks
let's wake anyone up
she looks like little onigiri
give me he's happy in the money Ellen
did that feel good I'm so glad I got
these wrong first before coming to Hong
Kong because it's so hot but it feels a
bit too chilly to just wear a onesie but
it's too hot to wear a sleep suit who's
that the mornings oh the house thrush in
our tongue which is frustrating because
I've been giving her medicine for about
a week now
and it still seems quite white doesn't
seem to upset her but should have
cleared up faster so I might have to see
a doctor here
he's getting hair cut
you heard of a puppy's name like daddy
Sneaky's up to this
how many doing that one long I give you
one no okay okay
we are just waiting for you to wake up
so someone on federal mission during
what happened up the incident asked me
to share a little bit more on it because
a pioneer might be a great story I might
as well life is too short to be so
serious all the time you know you don't
wanna be embarrassed about it
share it then yeah nothing me scared oh
yeah Bobby died just imagine the scene
in bridesmaids where Lily you know what
happened to her to Street the only
difference was I wasn't in a wedding
dress and I was inside a car and you
noticing we're making it's like sitting
on the thing it's just like it's like
hot lavas flowing out of me it was like
that we think the beat you two maybe
three possible reasons one is a legato
vaccinations not long ago and one of
them is a rotavirus vaccine and that can
cause upset stomach for the rest of the
family OPP gala second reason could be
because we had Korean barbecue the day
before although everything that I had
Tim had and he was fine third reason it
could be just farce I remember we were
all just watching TV and I knew like if
something didn't feel right and I was
like honey I'd like to go home but he's
like no no that's David in our twenty
minutes when it comes to number two I'm
someone that doesn't enjoy doing it in
public or in other people's homes the
song thought you use the toilet anyway I
think I was just too it's just you know
sometimes doing someone else's toilet
you don't feel comfortable so your
sphincter closes so I thought okay
whatever and then 20 minutes later we
were on our way home but by then I
started feeling quite shiver --is-- just
sweating my head was dizzy I was just
praying like praying like please please
please don't let me crap myself and I
was just trying to use all my energy and
focus usually I always tell him to drive
slower but in my head I was just
thinking Tim why are you driving so slow
tonight like we actually made a back
tear complex it's almost up and I've
been holding on to it so long that one
we got your location my body's decided
to give up even though you know I still
have to go it really sucks is it's not
like when you get home you just open the
keys and this your house and Hong Kong
like we
complex if they go past the security
guards go up the elevator and then you
get to your apartment ugly Tim gave me
like a plastic bag to put underneath me
just in case it happened he didn't think
it was actually going to happen but it
did
Tim parked outside to our apartment and
I just like took off my underwear I just
served back in a car for him to deal
with shut the door had that normal to
the security guard when he was like oh
good evening mrs. things whereas in my
head I was just thinking oh my goodness
I just crapped myself after story where
my but failed be and a night where my
dignity was like the window are you
still not completely recovered by the
way I was referring to your self-esteem
well I don't care anymore I guess in the
past day or two I've completely lost one
kilogram I guess that's a silver lining
one really cute was when I got home I
was just watching mediums like what
happened for me are you rubbing my back
I'm just really thankful it didn't
happen in a street that would have been
so much worse today I was just saying to
Tim Oh Tim your windscreen it's a bit
like the duct tape would you say it how
do you remember what you said you shot
my car I'm gonna use it against me and
everything I say if I say that Hartman's
messy he's at this stage because of that
anyways let's not end this vlog on what
happened tonight Sir Isaac playing with
toys perhaps where this little girl you
know what guys people keep thinking
she's a boy today we've got me so many
all your son is so cute
I was trying to look for some CDs for
her and the lady was like what she's a
girl I don't think yeah I'm not buying
for me anymore
