you're back early oh yes sir price do
you guys like my t-shirt it says I heart
Baba actually there was a granny and she
came up to me and she shaft me is your
baby a you know and I was like whoa why
did you know I'm just like well I can
tell from the way you're walking so
that's a new thing
I was just web shopping Tim I was like
I'm kind of cut you sleeping alone you
fall for Palouse and I sleep great using
feels like I'll sleep on the sofa then
hey don't do their bark super super
kalapa I made too much yesterday because
since today is kind of been a busy hey I
can just heat up yesterday's carbonara
it has been such a productive day I'm a
nice tree and so on Am I to edit tea
videos I did some house tours and it's
been great you know the day just really
flew in and you know Tim come back
tomorrow in the afternoon
so what apologize if these vlogs these
few days have been a little dull and
just just been myself
well of course there should be and also
Donald Vista you guys are just so sweet
you know like when Sam was away you guys
are like bust you're not alone you have
us these are so sweet my cousin Chi was
telling me that that he seriously thinks
that I have the nicest subscribers and I
completely agree so happy to hear that
April and Justin finally had their baby
oh you're back early
oh yes sir price hello whoa
these dogs are so much smaller than like
Max and Molly good I need a light I need
I mean they're really small
ham line chubby oh my god oh my turn
honey I'd get attention to das yes
why he's nothing yours your crotch honey
every night she waited outside for you
you dumb boy didn't really though she's
to spoil what you say to me okay and
brought back subway from the airport I
wouldn't say everything fill out some
your besty guess which flavor I didn't
buy Oh stupid table that minute power by
either the best trip in the world guys
good old British stuff I have an ensign
later I got Tim to bring back for me any
future as our bikini trimmer because
well you know
got me some bitter needy clothes that I
bought online and I said hassle so this
one looks just like a like a pinky color
with my Swiss summer
doesn't it look it stretches oh yes it
those these are the shorts I've been
wearing but I got a bigger size you know
just for when I get bigger and then I
forgot black pair as well they both have
the same color well just one must be
from mommy doesn't ka something over
money I'm not sure I mix them all up
right leg up me from attorney because
well citizens okay to breathing I think
he says because you're not burning
anything it's just the diffuser there's
another top and aside from you Kevin
inlet on the left who like that easily
like mommy oh so cute
I like that they got me in bigger size
as well this is your surprise from my
mum yeah these are my sheep that I
thought ever since I was in Bali I just
wanted to sleep in completely white
sheet these are actually wedding favors
from our wedding
last year was my wedding as well we
actually fun this is mamrie come on e as
well she got me a bunch of stuff and I
tidied honey
said yes like the feel of being back in
Hong Kong once again I've never left
okay right there's no part of me we're
here getting sushi like there's a lot
there's a lot that I can eat though
playing with the InStyler and it's just
really fun as I think pretty easy to use
I don't know why but I kind of thought
maybe I'll eat RIBA I kind of like hot
it just is and like airbrush kind of
licks I'm just playing around party
different work and I get and then you
get this
so angled inwards yeah so pretty easy
how you get that right words see some
people do curls
guys I'm going in okay so what is your
favorite flavor ice cream guys mine is
always gonna be telling me elected my
new easy
smellin meal yay cuz you know I've been
creaming watermelon so why not have it
in my nails
