okay IKEA meatball Hanna night but I am
making the mush from scratch
looking forward to eating this both what
lap time
I know I'm tired to each other are you
tired of almost been trying to bug to be
to play with him for a while maybe that
grumpy face you look comfortable look
like you made yourself a little fort at
times good night guys guys guys this is
what it's like sleeping here you sleep
like people ah so running out of food in
the first today but you know what you do
and you don't have much ingredients
uniqu an omelet because there's always
enough ingredients for an omelet all you
really need is butter cheese and egg I
just kind of follow the Jamie Oliver's
method I heat up the pan of some oil
first and then I take some butter throw
in some scum so I have something in my
omelet and I just pour in my omelet let
it settle for about 10 seconds and then
I drop this and I kind of just screwed
it up you know push it up this is how I
just sprinkle some cheese on top
there you have it delicious quick easy
lunch she loves getting brushed with my
happy Sears huh I'm fabulous
Damo it's your turn this had a quick nap
and it felt really good I don't know why
I'm just so tired today actually it was
you that lured me to sleep chubby I just
remembered a dream that I had um this
morning and basically um as an airport
and suddenly and when I'm eating like a
BHEL and all of these bunnies was
released on the floor like Lou this is a
cute adorable bunny and we were given
like little cute at Willie PJ's as gifts
and also chocolates start falling from
the ceiling up like an Easter surprise
in the airport salsa so good when the
airport really do that I don't know what
it is but Pina has been kicking all day
today and they're definitely getting
stronger every day and I love them
taking little one wanna know how you can
work out well please Chile in front of
the TV
okay you guys holy concealed I'll try my
best
tell me one of the mover it's like
sitting right here they have a chair a
port you just raise your heels up that's
nice and high you wants you to keep your
knees together and band your legs so
heels up bend your knee make sure your
knees are touching together and that you
want to make sure your ears are over
your shoulders over your hips over your
heels so you're not like this and surely
you will feel your quads
so just remember not to drop your heels
just keep nice and high knees together
so I'm just preparing dinner I'm lazy
today so I'm just gonna make spaghetti
ah so I just cut up my onions some spam
defrosting my chicken I got my sweet
corn second-to-last meal by myself and
some gets here I have the omni's way
mask on my face again and as you can see
you put on like a really thick layer and
you leave it on for 30 minutes and when
you wash it off your skin just feels
amazing guys and so it's good for
whitening moisturizing minimize fine
lines leave skin bright so actually I
really like it
I can really see the difference in my
skin just by using it and when I
actually don't really get blackheads but
her for some people this has been really
good for that so let's go anyway
what you do next is you just take
spatula and you scrape off the residue
whoo yeah yeah some people say that even
when they scrape it all face they can
see blackheads in the gel done like and
then just rinse my face I love waking up
because like my skin just feels really
great it's a afterwards
raucous Mosca's ha ha ha I love this
month Timor states
tobey's me Hattie she loves it when I
when I scratch her muscle it's a call to
muscle ya nighttime is when I like to
read your letter
um this letter is from butter shake it's
actually just kiss that says more than
you hard your video haha oh my goodness
and second explosion up opened apartment
oh my goodness I can just tell us this
guy already Domo what did you do that
for hi-yah it's not chubby for sure man
just like Adam he's so ashamed of
himself
ok so I managed to fill in a makeup
tutorial today because truthfully I just
really really miss I am more enclosed by
the way but I really missed the lamine
of tutorials and I'm surprised I could
actually fit into this little black
dress let me show you what's next I go
yeah I should see from here it looks
fine but like it actually still fits me
despite being like over five months
pregnant printing out on was a bit of a
struggle but we got there guys you guys
are wondering what my setup is like I
have the thing that I kind of like set
up and then I put my backdrop on and
this is a camera that I have been using
to fill in for absolutely forever and
that's Harry Potter because you know I
tend to wash movies while I put on my
makeup I don't know do you guys do that
I use this ring light for lighting after
filming this is the part I dread the
most which is just putting everything
away do you guys have one of those days
where you just have to have like a Harry
Potter marathon
oh it just killed uhm c.strick house
gonna say Edward Cullen I love doing
this this is the part of makeup whoo-hoo
okay everybody
