you sat a measly mess again and I bet
there was also fart so I have a
confession guys um these past few days I
have been watching a show called um
keeping up the Kardashians and I have to
say I kind of judge people who watched
it and honestly I've never even watched
it before back then I just you know read
stuff about you know the Kardashians and
I guess I kind of judge them too but
when I was in Bali I had a chance to
watch one episode and it actually wasn't
that bad so I started from Season one
and now I'm on season five obviously
since most reality shows early what is
she looking at anyways but their stage
to a certain extent a big expense but
yeah just gives me something to do oh I
know it that's what she was smelling to
smelling for the trees I've been getting
walked every single day and getting lots
and lots of exercise you don't get that
one thirties here it's getting hot in
Hong Kong it's one of those it's the
type of weather where it's like two hot
wood aircon and in with the aircon it
feels too cool I remember being in the
mall and seeing that care and the right
next to it and I was like Tim we have to
buy that chair
I bet you guys he's gonna sit Oh yep yep
I need you're gonna just sit behind me
isn't the faith way more comfier Toby's
gone again
I bet yet because she's outside every
night she's out waiting for Tim I think
she's waiting written to come home she
breaks my heart
Oh chubby though still another six days
till Tim comes back in every night
she sits in a home waits for him no
wonder she's Tim's favorite I know
what's gonna make her come over and
always lure his dog with food don't sit
right side by yourself okay close this
door a princess daddy daddy
her foots gone fishy again I think I
need to empty her you know glanced nice
morning everybody
she's always the first one to come over
I need to put you already ok that's
enough that's enough
ok let's get up but first do some
stretching yes no stretch take the other
leg yeah hmm gotta be filming a
pregnancy slob today so let's see the
last time I weighed myself and I was 50
in Bali so let's see what we did I am no
hmm I read here right I am reading 47
again morning morning why'd you hide it
there guy voice and then girl voice Oh
unit escaped so I just filmed a
pregnancy clog and actually you switched
into something tighter so you guys can
see the bump more but maybe should speak
here as well
hi feeling peanuts life must be
difficult in side resting and sleeping
and eating all the time even if this is
a fake cup I think it looks pretty cool
are you guys the type that wears cut
like all the way down or do you do the
thing where people wear it like this I
still don't understand it I really don't
what happens gonna get windy lots of how
people wear their caps
wait I think it because it makes Emma
taller who I'm watching all of our
honeymoon plugs all over again it looks
so beautiful really nice looking back
one day you one day we will return back
to CD cheese and some peas why not why
not have that cheese I'm such a
beautiful day today so quite looking
forward to walking dissolve no other
victims you know getting some exercise I
think the dogs are in a good mood after
they're born II water and ice are pretty
easy to pick for one so tonight I'm just
heating up the Spanish chicken that I
meet yesterday and I'm just having it
with just plain fried rice the
connection to a healthy birth is through
relaxation on inhalation pull your
pelvic muscles up showing them all the
way to the top tension and as you exhale
move back good
again inhaling moving forward as you
exhale
push the hips down into the earth this
exercise warms up the spine creating
fluidity and opens out the years this
movement helps creates more space for
the baby and strengthens the arms inhale
both arms now reaching up and open
beautiful circulation and the values of
blood flow imagine your breath touching
every cell of your body good
