let's make some breakfast at first I
need my lemon water put it next week
guys it's just gonna be good I know Tim
because actually guys know Tim's back in
UK to be some work-related a personal
stuff and of course I couldn't travel
with him because I didn't want to put
the doggies in a kennel for like too
long bleep best for me not to fly so
often anyway since we just got back from
Bali not long ago
seriously get me get a habit drink one
glass of water with you know two three
space no lemon every day and I promise
you you will look and feel better I have
to say I really missed him it's been
such a long time since I guess I've been
like really alone alone like living
alone
I was thinking about how long has been
and I think it's been like maybe eight
years wants him gone I guess today I
just have to keep myself busy you know I
try to look for some inspiration filming
but just I'm not getting any today so
Tim suggested that maybe I clean up my
wardrobe just throwing away some clothes
I don't work for example this blazer
this military blazer
I've been worn and years on the one
underneath I don't remember having this
but I like my blazer so I keep them
often worn this in ages more for Blazers
cardigan I keep this more Blazers for
dinner today I'm popping Mediterranean
chicken and vegetables and rice I've
always got friends on got my lemon tea
very much spent the entire day just you
know like and just chilling it's time
this dreamy fella liked him and now I'm
just watching TV I mean myself dinner
today it's a new robot dog to the chores
right now is only like half
my belly is starting to get really itchy
already because I think it's really
stretching and it's even like a really
hairy ass also I'm using this just
plucking the hair I know some of you
guys said don't touch it you know after
giving birth like these belly hairs well
we'll just shut off but I just I can't
stand it you know normally I would use
an epilator and it just goes really
fast but today because I have time to
burn and I'm just gonna use this and be
patient
I just been feeling like so hormonal
these two three days like every day like
once a day I would just start crying and
it was actually two days ago I was in
supermarket and they didn't have bacon
and I just like I didn't cry but I felt
like crying this is just not me so it's
been weird you know just trying to deal
with all these emotions and hormones is
flying everywhere and you know I guess
it's you know you know sometimes
obviously I know I'm not alone you know
cuz I got peanut the dogs but you know
you know sometimes I'd get a little I
feel a little lonely time goes really
slow night at 10 o'clock here I'm just
kind of Dinah days you know I'm trying
to sleep early so it's like Daisy I feel
like I'm gonna start crying and say this
is my Harmon Eliab and I guess it just
really makes me miss Tim and it makes me
cherish and even more you know each day
I get to wake up with him and you know
Falls being next to him I just mean feel
really lucky it's high effort at the
same time I know that you know I should
really cherish all this solitude time
you know I know that these moments are
the only moments
we'll probably have until a long time
where I can just enjoy solitude and just
being with myself I missed him I wonder
what he's doing I think he's having a
good time back home she sent him this
picture today and it's a chubby and
basically I couldn't find her I went to
the office and she's sitting right in
his office and his office chair sorry I
think she's sleeping and like she must
miss him or so thinking you know finally
you know this here is all mine those
tough to talk to Toby honey so they
where are you daddy
oh that attends I hear I'm actually
eating really really healthy out that's
kind of good
I've really been enjoying today after
finishing some work after some
exercising and I'm just gonna show some
TV I ordered two of these parts today at
cult Tommy's way which is interesting
because as you guys know my best buddy
is called Annie and it's supposed to be
the bomb so I'm gonna be trying a tower
even though that's massive guys
supposedly this one'll asses she like
several times just washed off the moss
because I hit pretty hard to wash up the
jelly and
I think my face feels Dimitar jesus
longer
my tub sorry you know I was going on
that I was gonna sell m8 you know
turning my husband into G drying and you
guys are like what did a video that's
what I forgot guys it's just they cap
took forever to come and I have a I'm
not a cat person that you can see this
is obviously like some type of ripoff
hat but it would be for a video oh I
also says just for fun inside here and
it's got the pink of the back so my
husband tells me he rushes home so he
can Skype me and what do you know guys
he's actually in a toilet doing a poo
hi was lunch time with your auntie no
what's it like elders Oh walking
