hello friends and folks so this week we
have reached my 20th week of pregnancy
so we are halfway there baby
20 weeks like we're not all the time go
I say this in every single pregnancy
vlog but time is really really flying I
cannot believe that I have five moms
pregnant already just oh so scary oh we
need what do you weeks ago and I feel
like we have so much to do so currently
peanut is the size of a banana and the
measure approximately six to run six
point three inches from crying to rump
if we were to look into a 4d ultrasound
we will see something that kind of looks
like this so from the last privacy flock
which is three weeks ago I was telling
you guys that you know sometimes I can
feel you know pita food you know when I
sleep from one side to other I didn't
feel like pinochle but for the past week
isn't really cold because I can actually
feel peanuts kickin me you know prodding
me and first time I felt it was when I
was in an airplane I felt it we're
exactly where my belly button is and it
was quite surprising and it was really
cool then for the rest of my trip and
ballet I did not really feel peanut move
and I was really scared I was scared you
know flying you know could've harmed my
baby I was worried I was overheating the
moment we land in Hong Kong like peanut
just starts moving like crazy oh I'm
actually even feeling movements when I'm
just sitting there you know with my
laptop and or if I'm watching TV I
actually feel it a third the day and
it's the most it's such a weird feeling
you know and you know I've always known
I was pregnant and I can see my tummy
growing and I get the symptoms and stuff
but you know it really feels like wow
you know there is actually you know a
person growing inside of me I feel like
it's made me bones a lot better
my baby and I get really bad because
every time penis starts to kick I tell
Tim and Tim would storm over and you
know lay his hand on my belly and for
some reason peanuts like really still so
I hope that's not about signing past two
weeks I've been pretty emotional and you
know being in Bali was exactly just what
I need it you know I just needed good
sleep and I come back to Hong Kong and
you know motions start whaling up and
it's weird cuz you know as someone has
to deal with all these emotions and
these hormones flying around and Tim
knows I'm getting hormonal but you know
he's the type of who dare bring it up
you netbook he's smart guy
I just kept crying like I was blue for
no reason registra market and um there
was no bacon and I feel like I could
just burst out crying in the spot yeah I
was in shopping mall and I was trying to
go through a door and some guy opened
the door and the lady she actually just
you know can slip through it instead of
just rather holding a door and it's not
like anything I Maddie but so much it
hold the door for me but you know I'm
the type that like you know a lot of
people you know you walk through a door
you cannot hold the door open you know
for just even for like a few moments for
someone to walk by and I just got so
furious you know just over something
that's so little luckily for the past
few days I just feel a lot better I feel
more like myself next up let's talk
about weight um when I was in Bali if
you guys watch my floor I weighed myself
and I was 50 kilograms and I was really
surprised because I realized that I had
gained into like three kilograms in just
a matter of two weeks so this morning
for dependency clock I weighed myself
and surprisingly I was back to 47
so maybe I'm thinking is because I'm
Bali I was eating like a lot cause
there's like coffee every day and I
wasn't like releasing it you know cuz
constipation but back in Hong Kong I
don't know maybe it's a water lily
she didn't good everything came up feel
like I'm still eating a lot but Martin's
gone maybe because I'm eating healthier
I'm really craving like crisp vegetables
like I love munching on lettuce
I love munching on tomatoes fresh
peppers so I'm actually really happy
that I'm starting to crave things again
you know cuz a few weeks ago I didn't
really know what I wanted and now I like
you know things I'm craving are all like
healthy things so that makes me feel
really good I cannot stop drinking lemon
water lemon water is always been
something that I love the drink but like
these days I feel like I must have it
all the time something I'm starting
again more often I think it's called
lightening crotch feels like someone's
like stabbing me like right between the
legs so not very nice right so I'd be
sitting there and suddenly you know this
big gosh your pain just like rushes up
and I'd get the shooting pain up me and
I'm like huh it's not very nice at all
has anybody ever had lightning Crawford
for like please share not realize that
when we do go outside and stuff I tend
to get tired easier and I I walk a lot
slower than I used to course my tummy is
growing and you know that's fine and
I've been getting maternity clothes for
it I've got maternity leggings maternity
short stuff but really it's just it's
starting to feel uncomfortable even if
it is maternity clothes there's days
where I record my friends and after
dinner every gets to a comfortable that
I would have to come home early and I
would get like a sore tummy for the rest
of the night before eat everything's
still fine but after it gets
uncomfortable so what I've been doing
lately is I've just been wearing like
maxi dresses on the topic of the growing
bump my belly has started
get itchy lately it's not like a teacher
point it's like really uncomfortable but
I think I can feel my skin stretch I was
telling you guys that we hired a helper
to help us uh you know look after our
baby for the first month and some of you
guys are like books why don't you guys
just get your parents in um help you
that would be awesome but my parents and
Tim's parents both live in the UK so you
know when the baby 4 and they won't be
here for a long time Tim and I decided
that we don't need any help you know
just the two of us is fine but after
talking to some family members I just
mentioned that you know hey you know
maybe it's okay to ask a professional to
come help you guys for the first one you
know especially on that first night you
bring the baby home most of all it
really puts Tim's mom's mind at ease so
with the lady that we hired actually
goes to my auntie's church and you know
like we've heard a lot of wonderful
things about her and um yeah just like
you know she's gonna be here she's gonna
help cook some meals
um just teach me and guide me through
breast feeding and you know just guide
me and hard about her baby
but then she brought up the one month
confinement thing and if you're Chinese
you're very familiar of this I'm sure
but um basically it's the the mother and
the baby
both my glutes for a whole month because
you know the body's believed to be very
weak so a must stay home recovered you
can't touch water because after giving
birth they say your joints loosen up and
everything basically they're saying that
and long run the mother will have a lot
of complications in our body and when I
eat when she told me that like oh you
know you're not supposed to shower or
touch water for 30 days that's shocked
me because I didn't think we were
actually going to do that and you know I
contemplated for a while and I kind of
got like kind of upset thinking what I
can't even back my own baby
you say you can't touch water but it's
like water that's got ginger in it so
you would wipe your body but after a
long consideration on talking to some of
my family members I decided that I'm not
going to not spa for 30 days that's just
gonna drive me crazy so I won't take
quick showers and I will immediately dry
my hair afterwards um if I need to go
outside I will go outside because I
think if I were to stay home for 30 days
it would depress me I don't want to
disrespect the elders you know
especially you know Tim's grandmother
really wants me to fall tradition but
you know I just really had to ask
experts and look up online get
information and I just want to do what's
best for me and my baby
well I last show you guys my baby bump
okay so here's little peanut my little
dumpling well I just change into an
eyeful for you guys so you can see
better with like more tight clothing so
this is 20 weeks as you can see so you
can see more clearly like this I guess
going fastest City button is still
cooking so here we go looks like I
swallowed a warble my belly button is so
shallow I thought if I just press it in
a little that looks like a butthole all
right guys so we have reached the end of
my pregnancy vlog and I just want to
thank you for watching and just thank
you for chilling with me and just
walking this journey with me I'm Michele
T in the two three weeks everybody
