good morning from Hall so it's currently
1:00 p.m. and we're just going to do
some errands pick up stuff as amazing as
Bollywood's that are she feels really
nice to be back home and yeah we're just
really thankful for the safe flights
hello kind of wished a guy sitting next
to it was me Minton and then guy and
then um everything was fine until we
just smelt this horrible vile pungent
smell and we realized that the guy he
took off his shoes and like imagine
someone who has been wearing their shoes
with no socks
I don't know possibly sweating in them
for like a week imagine sarchie mixed
with sweat like men sweat it was awful
and knowing Hong Kong of course it
greets me with a mosquito bite in the
butt
and their specific getting some good old
Hong Kong food and right pill makes me
whole yeah being jalapeno
I'm gonna miss his move yeah
I mean we've been elevated Hong Kong for
like four years so far and move on 35
and would probably be leaving it about
two years
like how about feels like home he has
more than the Dalton you cane IDC what
do you like the most about living in
Hong Kong
having open toe like me
find him is almost done mr. Mike we are
picking up the dog today babe check out
the toy shop hey chubby hello hello I
don't know hold on
yeah good girl oh he was attention too
it's like it's a giant poodle again oh
look at the side window comparator domo
they're still happy to be home first
things first marked a terrier tree
I've got no pee Dumbo's like me - good
doggie to keep up we we we've been home
for a while and she spells smiley and so
the place that we took our dogs is
called pet world and like we're just so
happy the dogs have been there for three
or four times and each time they go they
come back all smiley and happy what I
especially love about pet world is every
time I go visit them they're just
constantly adopting dogs that have been
abandoned so I think that's really sweet
I think the dogs want to go to bed but
it's so early lying down and I just felt
peanut kick me so cool like twice right
here actually stole my belly go poop and
actually felt this for a very first time
last week when I was on the airplane
probably peanut cooling let me like
turbulence and then for that like entire
six days in Bali I barely felt peanut
move and I am feeling it so I'm so glad
it is super nice to lick it with the
dogs again who needs a plate when you
just use your chopping board I want to
show you guys my my belly it's so hairy
wait P see you guys see just how hairy
my belly is and my bellybutton is
starting to get really I know it's not
as deep as I used to be pretty soon old
stick like Oh looks like a split hole
and I really soon into this and then
pull backward it looks like a butthole
really it's just been so hot and
especially my nothing in Bali and my
hair was in a ponytail every day so I
know my ponytail looks a lot longer and
a really to see just so what I really do
is just a simple trick actually have two
ponytails so the top one just overlaps
the bottom one so it makes my hair like
a lot longer otherwise my ponytail will
only be this length which is still long
but not as long as this of course like
ago and a haircut
show the Gopher you like get her new
Corsa fix me exa happy clean you go
grocery shopping and in the back
feels good to have some fruit again l so
have a frozen banana which I slice and
slots it's kind of like ice cream but
it's not but kinda hmm so we just got
back from Bali not long ago and today
Tim is heading back to UK and I'll be
gone for nine days as always with free
house you never feel lonely and friends
on and I'm just making dinner and today
I'm sneaking chicken some be easy so
what's inside the foil bike right now
Bon Appetit oh I'm starting this new
drama called emergency couple that you
guys recommended I'm excited the guy
from goof up my books at it it was
totally rooting for him eco such a treat
smile it looks like a butthole
