it's six o'clock
Tim Haas fall asleep right side for I
don't know a long time but you can't see
but I should eat right here and we're
dining outdoors seems really nice here
this is our ammu school shoes honey
happy baby min Navabi mmm how much
flavor in this was it is this a versa
am I kiddin wifey every month all you'd
be like no one's like whoa figure for me
it's safer to get chicken Timmy
sounds like interesting entree
experience I've got squid yeah I've got
lobster yeah God s on tempura
I got fresh fish in the water which is
being a party monitor for 24 hours that
we're been I guess just seeing what the
fuss if the whole Kardashian show is but
we never really watched it before doing
some pictures from our Kendall the show
is hi our dogs are doing looks like
there's like a little poodle and all the
dogs are playing with he's having a good
time
Oh heels up yeah yeah we're shall be
he's always having fun no he's little
mingler Oh tell me I always worry about
her cuz no but they're like anxious but
then people from a third owner and I
think they know that she gets anxious
that's why they're holding her so she's
smiling but it feels like we're out of
puff a on Lynette goes and picks up what
looks like I can only assume as either
mini quiche or
potato cuckoo oh you can see this
already what man you got this you got
this egg okay this is it the dessert for
sushi me session sushi eating some
chicken porridge Wow
what to eat
fun cakes juices ooh
any favorite cheese section lobster
omelet with lobster bisque the breakfast
food from that cup eating like the
cheapest food you can get from the
morrow afternoon everybody
so this morning we woke up early and
just totally like um yeah kill the
buffet and afterwards I just got really
sleepy so I just looking up I don't know
what I was thinking brain like a makeup
bag with me here I thought I would I
didn't pack very much but it's like you
cannot wear makeup here it's so hot and
humid so all I really use is just
eyebrow pencils some concealer and you
know like tinted lip balm course
sunscreen sunscreen sunscreen
we are just chilling here at a resort
it's kind of cool like behind us at the
bar
giant Fez he just like here I should
have just like about here instead no
reason I don't I couldn't escape the
album tonight
we are dining here 1 1 2 we're having
traditional Indonesian food variety
boeuf asserts why are you crying honey
wife she cries over carton good morning
everybody
so the book I'm reading right now is
French toast modified boy it was like
hell until he's in third book and I'm at
the Sam cuz I'm really at the point of
soaking up some Sun way be part of it
what is this place we're in the Museum
Pass avi in Mossad Dwan
right life is very hot
I'm walking in sand is a lot more
difficult in it we expected get quite
nice here then you see the stretch of
beach that we just walked from what's
your thoughts as you stare into the
majestic ocean mopping mine is my foots
burning this grind is hot afternoon
everybody so it is currently 1:00 p.m.
and we're actually leaving today and
that's the part of being preggers guys
because um our chequered supposed to be
at 12 but our flights at eight so means
we don't leave here till maybe six ish
so we're like what are we gonna do cuz
it's like so hot outside and I was
scared that like you know I'll get
really warm and sweaty I don't want to
overheat because I I can cool down but
peanut kept cool down so so went up to
the reception and I was like rubbing my
belly and then the girl was like oh
since you're pregnant um you guys can
check out later like 6:00 p.m. so this
is the perks otherwise we would have to
pay half the day's hotel cost
so I'm richer like here and I'm just
doing a little bit of editing so I was
just tweeting you guys saying that I've
been sleeping so well here and in Bali
like I think if you look back to like
before I came to Bali like an airport I
was so tired
I just haven't been sleeping well we're
so long pretty certain it's the pillows
so and I was telling you guys I want to
miss the pillows and I tried to look up
a mine and the pillow is called blow and
yeah it was quite a heart attack at the
price and you guys are like just steal
it bubs just take it away you know grab
the ones from the cover no one even know
I'm like you guys you guys are bad
really really really going to miss this
room
especially this bad especially the
pillow it's seriously the most
comfortable like pillow in the world
like there's no joke and I was saying to
him I would pay up to like 100 points
for a pillow just for a good night's
sleep and it's even more than that so
I'm actually kind of looking forward to
going back as well because I miss a dog
so the the kennel actually send us
pictures of the dogs every day and Donna
looks like he's having a blast but
chubby on the other hand she just looks
depressed so looking forward to picking
her up I'll show you some of the
pictures see from her body language that
she's just you know hunched over and sad
on this one again hunched over and sad
this one like they actually had to lift
her up usually you know they have to
play over and for to feel better
tom was just having a good time as
always because he's just a little
mingler he likes playing with dogs but
Chubby's a bit anti-social this is a
moment I've been dreading guys okay
we've been eating so much food okay so
bear in mind this is from also pregnancy
and buffet last time I weighed myself it
was 47 so here we go honey
I just gained three kilograms in just
two weeks three babies in three
kilograms packing to leave now what do
you look forward to most being back in
Hong Kong
I don't know watch because I'm actually
gonna find UK pretty much lost two days
you'll be all alone why don't you come
with me I don't want the dog to be in
the dog kennel for three weeks
yes sir and probably best not to fly you
know too much especially long distance
of this these are the pictures of the
dogs and I think from today the chubby
looks happier
okay she's smiling more her tail still
darn and she's still hunched but you
know thummell all smiley as always
you
