do not be afraid you just just die but
she must go on tennis really key I like
sometimes he just goes and surprises me
a little things he stopped up the fridge
with banana milk my favourite cuz you
guys know I have been drinking identity
obsess of it that dog looks like Elmo
only thing everybody
Tim's up early nicking lunch
let me take a moment to like know wow
she sent me a letter and didn't and
there's her precious letter can you
guess what it is already
oh if it's a Torah 1c it's so cute thank
you so much Noel Josh Lea has a YouTube
channel and it's called little tea box
so don't forget to check out it guys
it's actually April Fool's Day today so
okay guys this is it
we're having a I wonder he's gonna fall
for it they're looking extra miserable
these days cuz it's been gloomy outside
so I can't take them like it's just
lashing as you guys know today actually
a lot of you guys are saying you guys
think it's a girl
yesterday when I checked the comments
are all boys interesting though this is
pretty much hi the weather has been for
the past week
gloomy and wet Oh face you're so stiff
from this mud mosque but yeah I'm just
eating some last minute packing keV and
I are off to a babymoon tonight um you
guys are going to a kennel I'm kind of
work a little double because it's been
thundering and storming you guys know
that he does not handle thunder really
well I think I'm gonna cry even at the
20 for six days I'm pretty sure
Trevino's because she's been done in a
dumps all day today oh they were just
outside running an item's cars old dirty
sena dogs are going to doggy home today
mom'll usually has good time it's just
chubby snubby gets a little anxious I
told you guys how smart she is she just
knows she's going somewhere so she's
hiding in here's that we can't get her
no idea I'm gonna miss you guys but
because our lucky you know you guys are
going to be treated like little kings
and queens knock each other gives lonely
to come home by the dogs and as you can
guess I cried again my puppy good news
is I'll see them within a week and we're
heading to a babymoon tonight we're so
tired
so attempt to take it up so I'll tell
you guys earlier that time when I had a
meeting with the lady that's going to
just helped him and I look after her
baby you know and a beginning I just
kind of expected you know just a nice
lady to just be there to guide me
through you know like breastfeeding you
know how to take care of the baby that
kind of thing but you know but then
there's the whole Chinese tradition
thing that kind of surprised me I always
heard about it I just didn't know that
you know she was going to follow it and
basically um you know during the time
that she's here for the whole 30 days I
can't go outside I can't touch a normal
water any like just water in general it
has to be soaked in ginger or something
I can't drink anything cold I can I can
eat cold fruit there's just a lot of
rules and I guess it just made me feel a
little overwhelmed and you know I do
like staying at home but like 'wow
staying home for whole thirty days I
just feel bad you know because it's you
know want to walk my dogs and stuff but
my one Facebook and I was like hello
fellow mommies you know what's your
thoughts on the whole at cult sit the
moon or that one month confinement I was
asking and the mummies right there like
what's their thoughts on confinement as
their scientific proof because they
believe that after giving birth your
joints like loosen so it's easy to have
something called false up so it's easy
to have like um arthritis and stuff like
that so that's just a it's a true you
know cuz this is really something like I
knew no real life Asian people followed
by and surprisingly a lot of people
followed well not necessarily very
strictly but a lot of people take quick
showers have to dry the hair ASAP some
people didn't even wash their hair they
use dry shampoo and so I think I'm just
going to go with what I think will work
best with my body at the time so well
we'll see how it goes
we're just gonna fall asleep on airplane
for a safe flight here we are in Bali
Resort and pretty kill the guy just a
flower that's nice smells really good
honey fill it look good
and this class comfy real
ah nice to get some fresh air after
being there clean you just dive and do
this oh there's fishy hello fishy all
they're all coming up to the surface I
think they want food but I don't have
any what the heck a nice refreshing
beverage
Cheers at me if I were them to wear so
this is our room so pretty so what do we
have here this is our bed and with this
look a wardrobe a room a wardrobe room
that is so cool and we have TV to watch
TV obviously this is the bathroom or
with Matt says look at that tub become
with us just dive into this oh it's got
two separate toilets oh it got old wits
with one toilet I'm sure that looks cool
Oh what is this it's kind of like a
patio like private Wow I'll be nice to
do reading here look there's ago I'm too
crazy here as well this is crazy
good job Tim
after the the butler left Tim and it him
like some of the danger we go so we give
the guy how much they're not in repeat
and then we just and I've worked up
lunch day like fifty to fifty pence
along the cars are sold depends how much
is that that's not even a dollar
I feel great after sleep and I was
actually sleeping while American Idol
was supposed o is like music so good I
feel so good now we're just gonna get
some lunch I feel in a much better mood
night I get sued she came to walk around
this up resort hey buddy we don't walk
Wow any more elegant visit looking you
I'm wearing a hat we give a tea for free
I'm gonna flower honey no be fine I
think that hammock would be good I never
liked my customers love the Sun but then
we're always looking for shade
