weather is really gloomy today but no
fear that's quite a good weather to edit
Annie flogged so yeah no diarrhea we
cheat rejoice anyways we're actually
having dinner at Tim's grandma's place
tonight so just waiting for Tim negeri
helping like a little run to evening I
just spent such a long time just
clearing out my emails I really think
like someone should make a video for
companies that like you know send emails
the youtubers because the problem is I
don't even know where to start okay when
I get a business email right and it's
not even like so I'm Madiba okay but I'm
enough that they don't even like have
the decency to find in your name
sometimes they just call you by your
channel sometimes I don't even buy your
channel ok but you know when the when
the subject is you'd want free clothes
it's like you know do you really feel
youtuber resistance like hoarders you
know you know have a little bit of
manners I guess you know cuz sometimes I
get people there really so you can email
me at night hi boss you know I'm I have
a shop and Etsy you know I would love to
send you something you know for you to
check out and I think it's so sweet that
they offer and you know they were sweet
and they're kind sometimes companies
just need to have a little bit respect
second worst one is when companies just
kind of throw money at your face you
know again do you think youtubers are
just you know oldest hugging for money
you know like we have we have what's
that word dignity to be me I wouldn't
mind trying out your products but no
don't throw money in my face you know
put it back in your pocket the third one
this one's kind of funny sometimes I
kind of enjoy but as what is when
company email yeah you need to bring me
like totally irrelevant products I think
the worst one that I had
um you know hey would you be interested
in reviewing our luxury meal breeze like
hi is that supposed to go hi am I
supposed to test and repeat luxury meal
briefs I get this really it you know
sometimes companies you don't need to
like I guess kiss our butts you know
what we're not lower than you and we're
not better than you nor any that were
just people so all we really want is
just a little bit respect and just be
nice really I mean just making more off
that's maybe the green juice green
smoothie stuff though my sister
recommended today I'm actually using
half a cucumber um two Kiwis and one
apple and some water actually because I
don't want the WG think I uploaded my 17
week baby bump on Facebook and I'll like
take your guesses guys and out of 19
comments only two of them say boy harass
a girl so tomorrow have a meeting to
talk to you the team that's meeting the
bracelet at UK so remember and I just
hope I'm not like being like a little
too and I don't know if you like high
demands because I guess some of the
details they were saying that it might
cost a lot to produce but like I just I
don't want to just make like any other
bracelet you know so and that bit of
detail is like a part was very important
for me you know and I just want to
compromise and design too much so we you
know the meeting will cool and don't be
understanding hmm you see what Tim is up
to you look guilty as if you've been
watching porn what is this this is very
much an time on the travel
okay be the beckon right right yeah Alex
Ferguson be a bit back in ranking we've
grown up in those positions in schools
but anything back and feel we're just
showing going try them try them on chess
track yet oh you're in my way I asked
you an article you want to eat I get I
wasn't hungry an hour ago
number one what qualities he hoped that
baby would inherit from mommy and daddy
I'm not a physical I even thought he
cared
I hope the baby will be smart like me
but also creative like Sam long it will
be loving and kind at the moment what
about what you don't want the baby to
inherit from us oh no the baby to be
forgetful like you I'm tidy like
in the weekend okay this is actually in
the toilet so I won't put the cover on
up here we're watching a very touching
scene in a trauma on alt impetus mock
the CGI oh I sense that Titanic scene
coming up he just told her that it
doesn't fit two people Jack
jerk I'll go on
looks like the flooding is pretty bad in
Hong Kong somebody's tired why do you
have to make that face after someone
compliments you stop it oh hey guys my
mom actually has asked him to stop
making that face because she says if I
look at all the shine through baby's
gonna be born making that and you're
watching when it pops me in a baby and
it looks like this
