had a new low today guys I don't want to
go into too much detail but I had a
weird on comm yeah oh you do better than
that yeah yeah yeah all right are those
for mommy thank you we call back
yesterday afternoon and we spent the
whole day settling in this little girl
was a bit distress but she seemed so
much happier today even though she's got
that little brine I think it's her
cheeks because her she's kind of like
dragged her mouth down we're ready to
good side we had trouble putting her
down last night she went there not for
by 4:30 thank you I think and then she
went on for eight hours so it just turns
her that she's still on UK time we're
just fine by us as long as firstly
people can get the stuff they're too
much really handy because we have
everything we need for the baby here cuz
I think used to live here so we have a
rocker we've got like a crib we have
everything got our elevator with a lot
of market but I'm sweating
what's great about Hong Kong is at 7
p.m. and everywhere so who police
believe Isaac windows really up I think
it was like three months and it was
relatively easy he fell asleep pretty
easy I mean was with difficult person in
the airplane by was fine by this time
with ALS she she just happy at all even
have like kids Falls as well will be she
was too massive table
did you miss me very much
maybe I should salute a top-folding to
my forehead and then he'll look at me
this is pure magic
this one's an egg seaweed so good
what do they are you eating with a baby
oh yeah
he's helped me who's been a good boy
pick us
good boy president gonna call iCarly
Annie hey MA
boom free laughs what's that be me what
mommy's name
what's your name we got this huge bench
here that I can just lay her down
I'm getting no sweaty holding her
privileged child what do you call that
advert for insurance
oh is it Churchill's no Churchill is on
the dog in her life you need the call
regarding your insurance totally having
a deja vu moment talking very nice eggs
old tub by the way should I check Alice
thank you so much for paying up these
sponges for me I absolutely love these
because it's hard for me to get into her
little holes but because the way it's
shaped it's easy for me to get in there
also really really soft as well like no
sponge but and Mothercare they don't do
them anymore and get k for some reason
side to get Alice and pick these up for
me she got me like four of them so thank
you so much
Alice I mean that careful aren't we too
bright night so it doesn't take me so
long but what I think it took me forever
I'll make my milk fresh from the top
come on tough you a lot is not a good
day at all I felt unwell they just felt
gibberish try get better chase well
had a new loo today guys I don't want to
go into too much detail but I had a
pitot accident an accident in Tim's car
today usually I tell him off are you
driving too fast but on this very night
he could not drive any faster remember
in that moment like as we're approaching
our complex I was just praying I'm
praying for it not to happen but it did
guys once you release a little the rest
just all comes pouring out I'm 30 years
old
so I'm actually crapped myself guy
I actually crapped myself had I had
known that it would happen I would not
have worn my into missile panties
because they're expensive I had to get a
car first so I just took um underwear
left in the cart and why am I even
sharing this because life happens things
like this happen and it's not like you
can't when you just open the door and
just it's your Heights I have to go
through like the security guard who
handles downstairs I have to go past him
get the elevator and here's the oh hi
I'm ty you know hi mrs. thing you know
oh hi and act normal oh yeah remaini
pointing so we're going I'm never gonna
be able to look at the security guard
ever again
Tim was like oh I think we've reached a
new milestone in our relationship
there's very cute
yeah mommy so well morning from our Hong
Kong encryption everyone we have them
back for about three days I and it's
been wonderful aside from that and you
know every British person will bring tea
bags to Hong Kong
oh not drop it on the floor I mentioned
that we're having issues feeding a low
with the bottle with Express Mail some
of you guys mentioned that a baby's just
having a warmer temperature so I'm just
going to warm it up I played this guy
requested this play every morning
because of the shape of a heart
mrs. boppers so much as well because
even though it's so small the mirror is
so big forgot how much I love this
apartment we actually plan to rent it
out so we cleared a lot of stuff i but
then because Tim had to come back to do
some stuff it's not regular at the
moment so it makes me happy cuz we can
still live here when we visit especially
when you have a baby
sorry Oh what your mic yes of course
let's good call for me to bring powder
foundation in Hong Kong it's hot and
humid so last night we went over to me
oh good boy you must even better I see
you next time
cover your mouth see I haven't seen Tim
family for a while I completely forgot
how I direct the Chinese relatives are
know a lot of times it's definitely like
a cultural thing because in general I
feel like Chinese people are very direct
funny because Tim grandmother I noticed
that she kept looking at me and then she
goes um I'm gonna trust me in English
woah gain so much weight
oh yeah yeah so much yeah yeah
a lot a lot a lot mm-hmm I laugh a lot
I lost balls it offended by what she
said because she's just like cute little
brownie and you know like I said a lot
of times the Chinese people are just
direct I just smiled very politely she
got really excited to it she was
expanding her cheeks like this so big
hubby keep dinner squ actually he was
like yeah you do new she just had a baby
right which is true so I'm gonna take
that card while I can still use it
because I am prior to myself I'm pry
thoughts I've already lost seventeen
pillows though the other five will go
away and it's so tiny
mm-hmm yeah mm-hmm even though what I
said what else was really funny um Tim's
grandma or were eating shows like Amy to
eat more fit you need to eat more
