hello everybody it is Bob's so I have
reached my 17th week of pregnancy it
really feels like it's flying by
sometimes I hear some girls go oh you
know feels like it's driving but it's
really flying for me it's so scary
so before I go on with the pregnancy
blog I just want to take a moment to
thank all of you guys just for being so
sweet so kind and just so supportive of
your comments in my heart tart video I
mean a lot of you guys who are just
think balls you're so strong I don't
think I was that strong but um you know
through the process and everything you
know I'm just glad everything's okay I'm
really glad that we went through it
because it really showed us how we
really felt oh but thank you so so much
guys it's just been so encouraging
during your comments honestly sometimes
I do worry about my ability to be a
mother because I haven't really had much
experiences with babies I've never held
a newborn baby before um usually when a
baby cries that's when I hand it back to
the parent but hopefully when the baby
comes that's when my maternal instincts
kick in at week 17 our baby is a
approximately five inches long from head
to rub so much in the size of an onion
and it says baby is starting to form
underneath the skin so that's good you
know baby's buttoning up baby's
movements are becoming stronger more
frequent something that I will talk to
you guys about later and loud noises I
said the uterus may even startle the
baby last night I was telling Tim that
our baby can hear us and he came up
really close to my tummy and kissed it
and I thought he was going to say
something very very nice and he was like
who's your daddy who's your daddy sounds
like really I share when it comes to
your first pregnancies a lot of ladies
don't feel their babies move until maybe
week 20 but maybe an extra sensitive I
can actually feel my baby move already I
think
mmm-maybe from three days ago that's
when I really started to feel my baby
and I kind of got like a little
because like this is gas bubbles is the
baby kicking
I noticed so far that baby bears most
when I'm in bed and I'm being most still
sometimes when I'm sleeping and then I
wake up to go to toilet and I jump back
to bed again I can feel the baby move
again I don't know it's because I woke
the baby up or anything and every time I
sneeze
I think it's startles the baby so I have
a feeling this is going to be a very
hyperactive baby laughs I'm away myself
I was 47 kilograms so so far I've gained
four kilograms
tim has lost four Heligan because he
just had a incident with food poisoning
so it's kind of like he loses a weight
and passes it on to me I think most the
weight is just going to my belly um I
don't think my arms are any bigger or my
face is that much Rinder I do my
prenatal workout maybe twice a week or
so but I don't think it gives that much
impact I really think it's all white
jeans on me we don't know maybe you know
the next three months to come that's
when you know I'll start really getting
late midwives
I think I'm it is okay that comes from
me I don't think I've been particularly
hormonal I'm just kidding Tim where's my
package no I've been fine honey happened
okay yeah yeah so as for my appetite um
can annoy because in the other privacy
vlogs I always had something to tell you
guys in terms of what I was craving or
what I didn't like it lately I just I
don't know what I want okay yeah I get
hungry and I'm like Tim I'm really
hungry
you know I need food he's like what do
you want I'm like I don't know I'm not
coping very well behave either
especially with the fact that I can't
really take the medicine my dark circles
have been room because my eyes have been
so itchy
my nose is constantly running out always
blowing it's I did read that at this
week a lot of women experienced stuffy
noses it's something to do with like the
increased blood pressure I know the
second trimester
your energy supposed to pick up which
mine did but for some reason and the
past week has been particularly tiring
for me I don't know why but even when
I'm outdoors I just get out of breath
and tired easily so most of the time not
I can't just want to stay indoors I
remember asking my mom during her
pregnancies does she ever get a hairy
belly and she's like knew why and I was
telling her that it's not like my arms
are hairy or my legs are hairy but it's
just my belly region that's gotten hairy
and it's not even like really thick
coarse hairs the hairs are really fine I
can see it like twirl but I thought a
hairy belly and yesterday I had to like
shave it not shave IFP lifted it you
know I know I've always come see Nova
Cheevers but like the past two weeks has
been so itchy so if you that I could not
sleep and even I my boobs aren't big but
they feel heavy to me you know I can
lift them I'm like wow they actually
feel quite heavy so I don't even know
what it's like for you ladies who are
her busty or long my gosh what happens
when you get pregnant I can't even
imagine the size it gets to I have been
living in the pit bras you know bras
that don't have a underwire too soft but
it's got like padding so you know you
don't show your NIC nips just super
comfortable you know thicker straps
obviously these are not pretty brows at
all in terms of how your boobs look with
this bra doesn't look too great but it
is comfortable I believe I have gone up
a cup size oh I like the size of them so
you know that's it you know no more
growing please sleeping has been a lot
more comfortable for me these two days
Tim actually ordered a pregnancy pillow
for me I think it is ginormous
it takes up most of the bit so he's
always at cooking this size when I sleep
but it's actually ridiculous just how
comfortable I am these days my bones are
super clicky not a special
and my hips because I know your joints
loosen up in preparation but it's so
cliquey you know I would sit there and
then after like whoops sorry
usually when I sign up after sitting or
sleeping as I click you know my
shoulders are cooking everywhere sucking
I feel like I'm falling apart
one thing that chubby has started to do
which is so adorable is at night when I
talk to my valet she's come over sit
next to me and she's like my belly and
I'm like oh my gosh that's so cute
I don't know if it's her way of
communicating or if she just likes the
way my belly tastes
I use the Lilly does stretch mark
massage oil so I I'm still using the
first one I'm really enjoying it so I
got two more I just like these because
it's organic absorbs quick don't get
greasy we actually also find our baby's
gender a couple days ago and the doctor
wasn't like completely 100%
well no doctor is but a doctor was like
yeah I give up by 70% so I can't say
anything yet until a few weeks later but
it was just what I thought it would be
it's gonna be funny cuz we're gonna be
visiting Tim's family soon every time he
said they're like oh you're gonna have
this you're gonna have this and I'd be
like are you sure
kind of think of a fun way to announce
the gender I'm thinking of having the
dogs involved so if you guys have any
ideas like please let me know it'll be
so fun
no I let's show you guys the baby but I
don't know if you guys can tell because
I'm wearing quite a flowy like blue
stuff it's hard to tell but um this is
my bump it's really cool cuz sometimes I
look at the moon I'm like wow my belly
has grown so much my friends always rub
my belly it's so cool you're not
pregnant belly
so hard I live in these maternity shorts
they're so comfortable just going to
flip it on so you see the bear bell you
can see pretty big I guess for 17 weeks
and in from the front
sometimes like you can really tell you
know from the front you're praying and
then BOOM keep going Tina you're doing a
big job
get nice and big but not too big
I like the stage of pregnancy because
this is what you you know someone's
pregnant okay but they're not like you
know ginormous autumn lunch I notice I
have to use the word blooming so this
concludes our pregnancy well for the
17th week I hope you guys enjoyed
chilling with me and I shall see you
soon
