chubbie likes a chicken drumstick I
don't know thumb we'll just loves to
chubbies teal does anybody know why dogs
do that she's like your best buddy for
anything woke up with a fever today he
never gets sick sad - my nose feels raw
today oh yeah I'm so glad Springs here
but unfortunately you know Springs also
conscious you in the face of hay fever
or usually I rely on as you see me but I
don't think I'm allowed to take at night
so it's going to suck it up for
something a 9gag of yesterday and I mean
you want to try it reminded me of
something that we try to make when we
were in high school
always thinking is bread cheese butter
soup what ideas I'm pretty much to just
cut off the crusts before I do anything
I'm going to take my pens if you have a
rollin in use a rolling pin but I don't
have a rolling I'm just gonna use my
hand and I'm just going to practice so
did make sure your hands are clean so
obviously those little my nose right
here but I did wash my hands I remember
in high school where Jesus some guys
thought oh I'll just sit on a my
thinking back why would you step up what
they different to eat just weird I'd
only have two flat pieces of bread I can
then sprinkle the cheese on top once the
cheese is on top I can just start
rolling it run a rule nice and tight
okay so we have something that looks
like this kind of like a bread cheese do
shape you have these two things now I
got my knife I can then cut it into
smaller pieces right the butter has
I can
just Friday sing
that actually looks pretty good nigh
these rolls are fighting John Soane and
Ian just dip them into like it needs to
be like oh do I have soup I do have to
have chicken and mushroom cream suit
let's try this
you guys have to try this and Tim had a
fever today I pretty much just went to
visit my parents and s e-g which took me
two hours to get to and I was waiting
for a bus for like 45 min of purify your
book hello
I went to see my parents I don't like
something dinner really my um Tim's
gonna be collecting me so I'm just
sitting here waiting Turkey my banana
milk as always home sweet home good
thing is Tim's fever has actually come
down but he's still shivering a little
bit so he's in bed chubby is just being
a little guardian angel
especially when I'm lying a bit I could
feeling like these like these little
flutters of my tummy and I'm not sure of
gas or if it is baby moving around but
it usually only happens when I'm in fit
so I don't know I mean I'm only like
almost 17 weeks
apparently most first-time mothers don't
even feel like the baby moving until I
got least 19 20 weeks but I don't know
maybe I'm extra sensitive I think I feel
it you guys know what time it is it's
time to write it in my thankful book on
the drop off a present
thank you for putting me in the mood
while I write this so I can just talk to
Tim like just like a normal conversation
while he's putting away doesn't it's no
big deal really
so today I'm thankful for okay so number
one
Tim's paper finally went blind happy to
know he feels better
number two the phone call I received
from the doctors knowing peanut and is
okay number three dinner with family and
STK finally even gave me food to bring
back with him well sleep was oh I kept
waking up every two three yards Tim's
fever actually came back and it's Sookie
it's like a little child I was sleeping
and I felt a bed vibrate and I realized
it was him shivering so woke up to draw
him a bath and I wanted to keep changing
his cold tile in his head and eat a food
he makes brownies in the morning I drew
hopefully to Barney I'll cheer him up
he's like a child like I said before
someone feels better and no longer
burning up see no care
I just got my bike ready to go on this
is what I find inside like it must be my
mom like putting this and said I'm
heading to the doctors or not soon we
might find it a sex go baby
fingers crossed you feeling better after
the chicken pot how Danone inspiring as
our friend says don't hit the chicken
get your body
we know peanuts gonna be a boy or girl
cba later eating lunch
well enjoying the signs of Tim in the
bathroom having diarrhea lovely but we
know we're not going to say anything yet
until at least three weeks because the
doctor who need sixty seventy percent
sure
basically peanut was just lying in a
more typical position so it's bit harder
to see but she's like yeah I'm sixty
seventy percent sure but it was exactly
what I thought it would be then I just
feel vibration because he's in shivering
all day and from the signs of what's
been going on in the toilet yeah and I
don't have appetite to eat this anymore
obviously Chubby's not affected have a
carrot if that is why when you have hot
pot I hate hopper my guy even said the
day before do I really have to go and
you were like Elise just come we were
fine yeah but you made me go I didn't
make you eat undercooked food and
working if you cooked it yourself it has
been smiling all day and I just knew it
you know I didn't mean like a mother's
instinct is always right I could be
wrong you know the doctor did only say
60 to 70 percent so now I just gotta
think in three weeks time when we really
do you find out how I should be anointed
since then is pretty much bedridden he
can't eat so I need myself dumplings cuz
I'm really craving dumplings something
like pork and lettuce and in this soup
that you get with it you know what's a
comfort food
someone just wrong to fail yes
I was saying that Tim is really thankful
for the bail that mati got us I'm so
sneezing not Bill Nighy you've never
seen me this unwell I know I wanna go to
some well because I'm a hot poetry ball
don't blame us honey stop it and the
thing is every time he's gone to toilet
he had the need to tell me about it and
he's like it's so gross and I'm like I
know look how big my book looks like oh
look I just find this strawberry point
pads and I don't think I'm using it
wrong the pictures the issue is a girl
tree pods in the face and I'm like let
it it just covers my cheeks sleep she
just looks awkward Oh
