we're having dinner at my parents place
tonight so what you got over there come
here I like cake tea for dessert can you
believe this lady gave birth to four
children and according to my mom giving
birth isn't that hard subject people to
never come home oh so an average only
took us a few hours to be born what
what's the hardest thing of our
pregnancy mommy
Oh for me ah boy lovable a lot and uh
never sick uh mo get your hand sometimes
you know life gets a little busy and
you're like oh you know I feel like I
don't have time and you feel a little
guilty because you know you spent the
whole day of your parents or whatever
but you're family I'm is so worth it you
know ma no matter how busy it is there's
always always time for family and
especially with my parents I don't get
to see them very often
no Delma it's calling chubby for ages to
come here shouldn't even respond
I said hello you're here I'm gonna give
you a little book Wow chubby I call you
for like five minutes and you don't even
answer me and then you hear a packet
rattle and you come here right away your
ears are certainly something some of you
guys are a little weary about these
bones but these ones are actually really
good it's actually healthy alternative
to real hard so it doesn't have real
head at all here you go because you came
first
chubby sit okay you only look at this
okay you can't take it
ah nope not yet
okay okay so I just came out of the
toilet and this is why I see mother you
go MA we
here they come
that's really good daily walk the dog we
had lunch and my understanding it at
opening from your letters I wanted that
used to watch the kid is real thick here
shared all hope and she's gone
this one's cool look so anyhow I want
something I just go husband I'm sorry
hungry haha she actually imported this
herself not feel like we don't need to
even buy baby thanks cuz you guys are
standing over your baby from Jenny and
he's so much for you little adorable
blanket a little island and it's really
soft and like there's a little hat on a
pair of socks what's your thoughts how
did they get my hair so perfectly
perfectly on how did they get my gosh
that is a good drawing on my teeth
since baby's coming we're gonna be
changing this room to a baby room and
Tim is making me through some stuff away
seriously come on guys you guys with the
back me up on this who has a Lee min-ho
jigsaw inner frame just saying seriously
I know man
so your room is so dusty I know we do
this you never to hang it up it's been
sitting here for two years and you moved
in I can't throw it away I just read it
for two years I can't I just ten no you
don't even together every now and again
it's nice and new it's their past
evolving even
but no this guy is good for something
Aaron I will see dynasties on them I
don't know see that's it
yeah see spring leaving her with some
wipe sucked Oh what like fishing rod
kiss but we bought this because you said
you were then Aggie lost coming back in
Germany so we had to buy another one I
lost it someone saw it because someone
left it somewhere I have two men ever
use this look why don't you buy it again
because I thought like you put your
clothes that's in here and then just go
under go your phone your credit cards
and some note handy unused a home a home
zero and here's a bigger version I
caught my granny curse and hi oh wow
look it's completely new my friend I
think you should I don't wear this give
quarter I haven't worn this yet the look
how cute it is
you have a bag you don't even know
existed and looks like a friggin book
but you're never gonna use it no you're
not right guys let's do that is my March
and if Lindy brings that bike this bike
this bike to my sister's wedding I will
buy her up a branded bag of her choice
while Tim is bossing me around next door
need to chill here I wish I can just
chill with you guys a good chubby she
look so comfortable my ID those boxes
are yours
he's making me throw away a lot of
precious but for some reason didn't
untuk stay Hauser Tim what's Bruce Lee's
favorite drink what hahaha night it is
curly huh and eat what's for me huh yeah
so it's creating eat o'clock they're
gonna cook like my mom and we're gonna
have hop-hop be spicy hot pot but don't
worry guys last time you guys are
worried about me getting hot pot melee I
don't eat the meat I barely touch it I
just eaten vegetables be able to Otomo
okay Charles doc Oh crying he was crying
when I was outside I wish you guys could
hear how much he was crying when I was
their new truck Tim's out to see if he
would cry ever study
he'll jump for you but he won't cry for
you this is my favorite it helps your
sang my friends is it looks like condoms
but so lovely mushroom is an art shape
okay early a 1228 I want to take the
chance to pink
philia or Oh fee for your gratitude book
you definitely know the kind of thing
that I like so this is so awesome so it
says today and thankful on pretty much
you just write all the things that
you're grateful for so for my grateful
book I managed to Patek three things
number one Tim help me clean out my old
things today
he was bossy but I appreciated it we
were both very snippy practice tests so
my nose is kind of red but it was fun
number two the delicious hot hot with
mom
Tim is also really good to my parents
who makes me feel thankful for a
wonderful husband number three reading
precious letters from my bub scrappers
around the world it's worth this bad boy
wait for it
I'm thirsty
have a glass of water yes
