hello everybody its Bub's have Dumbo
sitting here today I'm gonna do a little
heart heart with you guys um I just want
to just get some things on my chest and
just get it right there I'll share some
things if you guys um I know some of you
guys have been wondering you know what's
been going on because my videos haven't
been so frequent and I just kind of
briefly row a little bit on why I
haven't been filming is just because you
know we've been going through some stuff
and originally I was just gonna wait
until like later at least like a week's
time when things are more clear to make
this video but today I just I just felt
like hey I'm just going to go ahead and
make this you know regardless the
results or anything let's start with the
28th of February which I believe was
pretty much one of the worst days of my
life so when a 20th February I see Ivan
words really clearly because I was in
bed um it was 10:00 a.m. and I was just
tweeting my friends and suddenly um my
phone rang and I picked it up and I can
remember the conversation really clearly
I saw that the phone call was from my
obstetrician and I knew right away it
was regarding um the blood test that I
did basically she said hello miss Angie
we got your results from your auntie
test today the results are positive and
when she said that I said what does that
mean but in my head I already knew what
it meant and you know she her voice is
just very very normal
she just says your blood results are
abnormal we recommend you to come to the
doctor
soon as possible whyever our doctor is
out of time so she will be back until
six days but we'll boogie in ASAP and I
was like okay thank you
and the second I put my phone down I
just burned my face my hands and I think
Tim sense that something was wrong
boom Connie came in and I had to repeat
the news to Tim at that moment I just
couldn't believe what I was hearing I
just kept questioning myself like how
could this be no Tim and I are totally
healthy more young hi could our child be
at an increased chance for Down syndrome
or possibly even worse everyone wait did
the NT tests you know we didn't put back
and thinking back you know for me it was
just so I can see my baby again
you know and the ultrasound I remember
that they really clearly it was that
happy day Pina was turning around and
everything was just you know everything
was happy and fun ladies I just couldn't
understand deep at the bottom of my mind
I just always thought hey the results
are going to run negative because you
know the chances are so against us um
and at that moment I really hit me
because as some of you guys know when it
comes to myself I've always thought
myself as strong optimistic I can always
look in a bright side no matter what but
when it came to my baby my baby that's
still growing inside of me I just felt
so helpless
like I feel like there's nothing I could
do to help my child if anything does
happen and I feel like it was my fault
especially knowing that we have the way
of like a whole week before we can get
some answers to some er questions it
just it just seemed too difficult for me
at that time remember I spent most of
that date crying I'm sleeping in fact
that day I fell asleep three times
because I just wanted the day to pass
quickly and I'm a surprised of like that
made me tears I could just cry out and I
felt bad because I knew crying when we
do for the baby prayed and prayed and
prayed and normally when I pray you know
I'd be thankful and you know I thank God
for all the things he's done but I just
remember being really helpless I went
online anyway and Tim didn't we go
online but I just wanted to get as much
information as possible and just be
prepared it was very very comforting to
read the number of ladies who were also
screened positive on the internet who
went on and say that um you know despite
having one out of three or one out of
five or even in a 120 40 whatever it is
they still went on to have healthy
babies
I understood that screen positive just
means you're at an increased risk it
doesn't necessarily mean that your baby
will be affected by Down syndrome I just
remember at the moment I just wish that
I wish that I didn't do this scan I felt
bad that my husband Tim have to see me
go through all of this and I'm sure it
really really broke his heart
we decided that if our child does have
down syndrome it would not even be an
option for us to abort a child and
although it may not be what we had
expected in the cards um we will bring
up this child because we know that this
child would be given to us for a reason
so we agreed on that that you know at
the same time deep enough
my of course I would prefer at my baby
you know would have no problems because
I would want this baby to grow up and
not have an easy life per se but you
know to live a life that's not so
challenging and then when I went to bed
that night I had opened the windows just
so I could listen to the street noise
just so we'd drawn out my thoughts um I
don't know why but I ended up just
sleeping anyway and one morning didn't
came to my room
and you just likely nodded me awake and
he told me that he actually called the
doctors and despite my daughter not
being in time he asked if they could
read the report to him he told me that
the odds we were given was 1 in 123 and
when he told me that my heart just
lifted because I thought 123 I could
really live with that you know it means
does that mean 99.2% our baby will be
okay
I read that times and room is so against
you know the odds that anything and
above not point 5 percent chance is
considered high-risk and I thought
really it's ridiculous like like it's
not unlike all the balls worrying it
puts parents into but again at the same
time we also kept in mind that it could
still happen you know and you know if
it's in God's will to give us a child
requires special attention we would love
this child and you know Tim was just say
hey you know
just an extra chromosome at that moment
something hit me I had no idea I could
feel this much love hurt someone that's
not even born yet I always told myself
that I want to say he's born I'm gonna
love this baby so much but you know at
that time I was kind of hard for me to
really feel the bond with my child I
can't feel my child or anything but it
was the first time ever that my heart
actually ate so much for this baby and I
just realized how much I I love this
child and I just want to protect my baby
and like nothing would matter as long as
our baby is okay I think at that moment
I realized what it really felt like to
be a mother so six days went by and it
was time to see the obstetrician again
and I remember just really really
dreading this and when I asked her those
of me we have over 99% chance that her
child will be okay
I really wanted her to say yes but she
said no that's not how things work now
we have two procedures that you could do
they would take a long needle and poke
it into your belly and extract and some
on the otic flute from this it would
almost be 100% unable to tell us whether
our baby would be affected by criminal
chromosome disorder but um of course it
also had a small chance of miscarriage
so that was nothing that I wanted to
even risk and the other one is the Nifty
test and that's when they just take a
blood sample from the mother me and it's
the fancy tests were to extract the
baby's DNA so from that the test results
would be 99% but then of course that one
would be pretty expensive so at $6,500
it is not a little mind
but at that moment it just didn't matter
and we immediately
decided to do that right away though I
was I speak night and it's been one week
cents a day they took my blood results
so another week till we find out but
yesterday I did go to hospital
appointment and basically before um I
registered to hospital I had to see a
private doctor but once I registered
into hospital they decided to do the NT
screening anyway on the same day and
this is before I find that the results
are from my private doctor but yeah
yesterday well it was time for me to go
in again to get the results to see
whether we're screen positive or
negative end I'm not gonna lie I was
dreading this I I didn't want to be told
here for the second time all things I
didn't want to hear we got to the
doctors at half three which was our
appointment and it wasn't even until
like quarter past five I got the seat I
had a doctor I just had a lot of times
just sit down and just I guess pray more
what's really amazing was like five days
ago I was writing some notes on my ipod
and I wrote our baby is blessed our
babies loved our baby is healthy and I
wrote God is in control and I wrote this
in my eye about five days ago and I
switch it off but when I was in hospital
Tim knew that we'd probably have the way
for a while so he actually took my iPad
out for me and he handed it for me so
you can like you know David reading and
dudes a bit of internet surfing and when
I turn that on and my notes was the
first thing that I saw and I was almost
as if like you know a reminder like from
God just telling me that he is in
control so I shut my eyes in the busy
hospital I just said it Lord I will be
joyful I know the truth is you're here
wherever I go
and I knew that in the hospital he was
there with me when I was praying but
then I was called in to the doctors and
the doctor looked at me and she says
your blood results are normal and your
screen negative and I was like mmm what
was amazing news to hear I was just a
little confused you know I could this be
negative when the private doctor was
positive and I was wondering could it be
was positive and a private doctor
because they're screening is more
sensitive could it be they just wanted
me to take the expensive nifty test I
feel like these two weeks I've grown up
a lot
oh and the early stages of my pregnancy
I complained quite a bit on just some of
the symptoms that I was getting and I
complained about you know not being able
to do this and I know none of that even
matters anymore that's not again I just
want my baby to be born you know and did
get here at my arms and just everything
will be okay like I said before
originally I was gonna wait till um a
week's time before making this video but
none of that like but I just just
doesn't matter anymore I just I feel so
much love for our baby
lastly I just want to end this vlog with
something I read from a thick and two
weeks ago which is such a coincidence
because that's why I was like um I was
reading a book about a bookmark and this
is a embroided boot mark basically from
one side the stitching looks chaotic
okay you can't even establish a picture
it looks a mess I feel like in life a
lot of moments we just don't see a
filled picture and please just see life
as messy it's confusing there's we have
a lot of questions that we demand
answers from but then when you turn to
bookmark over it's actually got
beautiful
so embroidery there I understand there's
a lot of atheists right there or you
know people who follow and a different
religion um I just want to share my
experience um as a Christian and what
I'm saying is obviously I'm not perfect
and I think a lot of times people walk
away from Christianity because they've
had bad experience from people they met
at church you know I met people who
turned away because they'd met
Christians who are hypocrites I'm the
first one to admit that I'm not perfect
and I don't live a perfect life um and
you know praying doesn't necessarily
make all my problems go away I find that
you know God doesn't necessarily take
away your pod situations but he just
helps you deal the better and for you to
react the better and I read somewhere
that zone you know life is kind of like
an arrow sometimes when you're pulled
backwards it's kind of like an arrow you
know it's just ready to launch you
forward into greatness I'm not trying to
force anything on to you guys I can just
tell you a piece from my book yeah so
this is my heart that heart guys about
really good actually just getting it out
of my chest as soon as I thank you so
much guys sometimes I read comments like
bubs you're going to be a great mother
and you have no idea how much that means
to me I just want to give a big shout
out to all the parents out there who are
bringing up you know a child that
requires special attention in these past
two weeks I have just developed so much
respect for you guys
and in reading the stories has been so
encouraging and I know the sides weird
but I want to say thank you because you
guys have helps us a lot
you
