as you can see dark into my hair because
my wrists were just showing and I
actually used a very weak hair dye
called solid the pro and it's got no
ammonia in it so after a lot of research
and ask a lot of questions this was the
product that was recommended and
although it doesn't cover my wish my
hair just doesn't aslam obvious I guess
so I'm happy enough it's actually been a
while since I had my hair darker so it's
quite nice to go back to this thank you
thank you so much for your 52 things I
love about you little card deck but um
it's really really made me smile I feel
really flattered as well like it makes
my head go
you're a fairy spit your bubbly
personality you inspire me to love life
tonight I mean we're having everybody's
going on later plane out yeah alright
house personal it's a person it's a
person
hey thank you so much Anna we're
watching for your adorable card and also
for Katie when you can poo onesie hat
and also little Sookie and you even got
the river champions Omelas well thank
you so much my gosh we are so cute
that's it chubbies my my my my my my my
my my my my my good girl chubby turn gay
boy right now Tim is my friend so let's
just million the dog tonight we have
been finding it a little difficult to
sleep at night not because of like the
bump or anything because the bump isn't
like that big enough to be uncomfortable
I'm sorry sleeping on my back so
suddenly no I have to sleep on my side
it just gets a little uncomfortable you
don't feel like my shoulders gets
crashing in my back hurts so you guys
recommended me to stay potent pillow
between my knees and that helps a little
but I think I might look into getting a
a pregnancy pillow like somebody is
recommended it's so weird to know that
our family of four is going to be and
just are you so smiley I don't think
they want to go anymore they just know
we're all ready to go to hospital for an
appointment and just fingers crossed
everything will be okay
just not enough our doctor's appointment
I'm not rich is getting some food and
tim has lamb rack and wedges oh my god
seafood risotto it really likes eating
wedges so I get from my wedge
yeah every time we get the haircut thing
we're so fluffy like you just can't take
you seriously weird chubby just looks
like a fluffy marshmallow and you just
um you just I always think his head
reminds me of Darth Vader can't believe
I'm watching so the other day I woke up
to this the things my friends send me
hello I kind of want to do it it was the
more you look at it the more disturbing
it
don't mind me I know my hair is a bit
weird and experiment a something suppose
you guys can't really tell but these two
weeks haven't been very easy especially
me and I'll talk more about it maybe you
like it next week or something or the
next few days to come but these are
picking up one thing that nobody has
ever told me about a pregnancy is you
have green poos like it's not a green
green but it's kind of like like a dark
green which is interesting really but
why every night I would talk to my belly
and just hope baby I hear me I'm like
can you hear me do you feel the kicking
tonight are you sleeping
wake up oh actually today when I was in
hospital there was a medical student and
he was doing my stuff and he had to
measure the baby's heartbeat and this
I've never listened to the baby's heart
before so I was like pretty looking
forward to it
and you know I was lying there he had
his Doppler and nothing and he was I
guess and then able eight went to a
different spot and then he was I guess
because he kept shaking his head I
started to get a little worried because
he was like no heartbeat
and he kept shaking his head and then I
heard it and the baby's heartbeat was
being 100 60 beats per minute which is
pretty normal that shouldn't be better
newsflash yeah updated my hair
experiment so works somehow I'm trying
look like he's bigger clothes you think
I like it with the thicker socks I think
I've always wondered how to do this type
of hairstyle without using oh yeah I
also come on your fringe guys no no you
guys notice but I use that never up
painting that I got Lyme Sheree yeah I
use one of these I use this to clot my
friends and then I just snipped
underneath it so Moe enjoying all the
attention
every time Terry comes you bring snacks
rhythm a synchronized
