oh this is how I want to play a baby
when one baby born hello everybody its
Bob so today I have to film quick
because I'm feeling kind of late today
so I'm scared essence gonna go join I am
on my 15th week of pregnancy so not long
till we can find it the sex of the baby
let's look at the progress of little
peanuts
another thing is some paper like I'm
really gonna be calling your child
peanuts
please don't bubs you realize that your
baby is not a pet right and I'm like no
I'm not gonna call my child pina I'm not
that cruel it's just a nickname that's
when a baby is born
we'll give them a name so don't worry
guys currently peanut a four inches long
from head to rub sovereign is big and
right now his or her bones are
strengthening and getting harder so
pretty soon I'll be feeling the little
kicks some fine hairs also known as the
new goo are being developed all over
your baby's face and body oh so where do
I have a hairy baby right away but this
will eventually before birth
I believe the little hairs is to keep
the baby warm before it thumbs up this
inside the belly your baby is probably
sucking his or her thumb swollen yawning
and tiny eyelashes are present your baby
may also be smiling you guys have
noticed that my hair is darker now and I
know some of you guys are a little wary
about you know pregnant women getting
the hair dye I on see and I asked a lot
of questions you know I've got a lot of
advice from doctors the feedback that I
got back is the points that is absorbed
by hair that is so little that if not
enough to harm your baby and most of the
concern is actually more of the pregnant
lady breathing in the fumes but either
way add the diet out of use is actually
completely free of ammonia also it's got
no fumes no sin shoot so I don't get to
breathe that in of course it's not as
strong so you still see like little
works here but it doesn't matter the
topic of
hair I really think my hair is stickered
and a for her and my nails are so strong
usually they are so brittle and if
there's no nail polish my nails they
will break but actually gives the add no
polish in my nails at all and they are
so long and let's talk about weight wise
I finally gained lives before I remember
I told you guys I was around 43
kilograms and I told you guys that in my
first trimester I did not gain any
weight at all
not in my second trimester I have gained
a two kilogram so one kilogram each week
on another notes remember last time I
was telling you guys that like
constipation is such a pain in the butt
literally um it's gone a lot better I'm
not sure what it is I think it's because
I died wise I kind of stopped eating so
much gel food because remember last time
I was telling you guys I was creating
chicken burgers I was creating mashed
potatoes and you know bread all this
stuff that made me feel really bloated
well this time um I kind of just told
myself like just because I crave
something doesn't mean I should have it
so I kind of tried to not lean in so
much my cravings and just eat a little
healthier I'm having such a hard time
looking for maternity clothes because
I'm very petite and know I could just go
ahead and buy like you know normal
clothes and bigger sizes but you know
when it comes with bottoms that's just
hard because you kind of need something
that caters you know more for your you
know your pregnant belly but either way
I'm still very thankful for my maternity
leggings and my tights the first time I
wore my maternity leggings alike this is
the fieldwork don't even feel like it's
doing my from wait I was like really
biting my butt and I was like oh I work
the other way ruined things I have been
loving include chicken celery sandwich
um I also love the Starbucks passion
fruit smoothie so anything that's got
ice in it and it's kind of tiny and
sweet and has a little bit of sourness
to it I like drinking stuff like that I
really love drinking banana milk
I still love mangoes oranges just any
fur that's got a lot of juice in it and
fruit that's been in the refrigerator so
it's
I think you still cannot stand the taste
and smell of broccoli yesterday Tim hot
broccoli soup and all like don't kiss me
I can just smell it just that strong my
sense of smell is getting stronger so I
didn't get a little comfortable for me
to sleep so I don't really know what
it's going to be like in a few months
time when the belly gets bigger it's not
the belly that makes me feel
uncomfortable it's just I know that now
is a time for me not to sleep on my back
so saving on my side has just been a bit
uncomfortable feel that my shoulders get
crushed my back hurts I'm still getting
crazy dreams last night I dreamt that
dumb Tim and I we already had a child
and I was a boy but for whatever reason
we split up okay and I started dating
this other guy okay and I didn't really
like him but the guy really liked me but
obviously Tim nice to loved each other
till I got back together and I told a
guy I said sorry I still loved him and I
got really angry and threatened to burn
my house I'm like sorry we weren't
family it's such a traumatic dream like
I I think I woke up nearly in tears but
I was just so happy just waking up and
just realizing it's just a dream are we
having a boy not on a topic of names
tonight we have kind of decided our baby
names like maybe 2 to 3 years ago
there's a boy name that we really like
but I can tell you guys yet so up so
sorry and there's a girl name that we
kinda like as well and we have friends
and family who are desperately trying to
name her child
Tim surname is 8 so my brother Ricky was
like you should call your child bull so
he'd be like bowling you know cuz he's
bowling and I was like bowling and then
of course you guys know Leon Leon flick
call your child Zeus I'm getting like a
bunch of crazy names but um yes nice to
see the family getting involved and
being helpful my sisters have also grown
a fool
cup size as well because all my old bras
off anymore night it really feels like
it's just the nebular area that gets
itchy one time Tim and I were watching
TV and we're just in bed and the covers
over me but it was so itchy that was
kind of like scratching away and he was
like what are you doing healing you need
some help
I started to get really bad migraines
for a few days I would be able to feel
my temple right here just pulsing like
pulsing pulsing pulsing and it would get
so bad that I would just have to like
sneak the gas has started to come back
again it was actually yesterday's in a
car and my tummy was so sore and I
thought I needed to go home and do
number two but turns out I just needed
to do one fart and tamale whoa I'm
bleeding all of the farts on this baby
and from the smell of it I'm like it's
definitely your child - nomming laughs -
deep but to show you guys my belly not
so here is little peanuts just really
popped really from second trimester I
don't know why it's gonna how big it's
gonna be right in you know so we guys
think peanuts gonna be big but it could
just be um I have a lot of amniotic
fluid we don't know yet why family are
kind of surprised how big the bump is
I'm showing more hair than they
anticipated
oh they're like you're gonna go pick a
penguin when it gets even bigger this is
me bundling around let's see a Daddy
entropy let me show you first
no they'll understand cuz they ain't
they know you just woke up we know you
don't mind whether you have a girl or
boy but say you had the choice to choose
one would you choose boy or girl neither
no you can't answer that you have to
boy on why I miss I know it takes all
the pressure off like any other chose me
out in the future but I thought like
when you dreamt we we already had three
kids and you actually preferred the girl
but the girl was the middle that was a
boy girl boy yeah and why did you prefer
to girl well it was like chubby why did
eventually don't tell him what the whole
there is what do you like the most about
your newly pregnant wife are they new
bombs pretty cute
what would you do if chubby gets really
upset about our baby she won't get me
upset in there a chubby look at her look
at the gap set
dating your wife is beautiful of course
