hello everybody it's so cold today so so
nice I had my heart free water boil I
successfully entered second trimester
yay
before I go on to share my experience in
the past three weeks which I've been
experiencing a lot of awesome changes um
I also want to thank you guys um we
uploaded the united video yesterday and
i got so excited that I also uploaded
Tim's reaction video of him signing out
and he's about become a father and their
response has just been incredible I
can't even put a worse but we really
really really feel the love guys and you
know how like you guys have been here
you know while we were dating you know
we got the shared engagement fee guys
wedding and I were about to walk into
Parenthood together which is what it's
the biggest thing happening in our lives
right now and we're just so blessed
we'll share of you guys so thank you so
so much for - love like I feel a hundred
percent and I just cannot feel any
luckier and you know peanut you're so
lucky your solos already so I guess by
the time you watch this video you would
have already seen my previous secret
pregnancy vlog so hope they're not
coming up too quickly it's just I don't
want to let get you off track in terms
of time okay so let's get started with
my experiences through the past few
weeks I have realized that my
barely-there tummy has grown more
obvious and yeah six a quite a lot like
that leg you know I always find myself
just rubbing it rubbing it for good look
and I weighed myself today and I'm still
the same weight if some women don't gain
weight during a virtue I'm Esther but
which is surprising because I I feel my
body just changing or I mean I know my
face is definitely fuller some you guys
mentioned that and I'll show you guys my
tummy near the end of the video and you
guys will know I've kind of been the
same weight for most of my life so
knowing I'm going to have to son late
and put on between you know 22 then
maybe 30 points in his next three months
oh it is pretty overwhelming but um I'm
pretty excited you know I just want the
baby to be healthy and the baby needs it
as long as a baby is safe and protected
then you know I'm fine with all of that
in fact you know when a baby gets here
I'm pretty motivated to go back and
shoot although that would be my number
one priority but I you know I enjoy
working my ends you know I just I just I
just know it'll be fine and even if my
body doesn't go back to what it used to
be that's fine too as for my energy
levels it's definitely picking up I'm no
longer taking naps I feel more like I
was pre pregnancy actually find it
pretty funny because some you guys are
going back to older vlogs and just
trying to you know look for a little
kind of some glue so my pregnancy and
you know some of you a very small moment
of you were a little suspicious because
I did get certain cravings and last time
I spoke to you I was telling you guys
that I was craving chilled oranges and
mangoes lily I have been craving a lot
of mashed potatoes mashed potatoes and
gravy and I just noticed that like this
baby makes me want to eat junk food and
I'm so bad cuz I never really have a
craving for that and whenever Kim drinks
I cook I have to have a huge gulp of it
anything with ice cubes my drinks have
to be like really cool another thing
that I've been loved
is just um half a lemon with hot water
and I would keep pulling up of the days
go by and I find that has really helped
my my constipation I'm sorry this is
what happened guys when you get pregnant
you get constipated your body needs that
longer mighty time to absorb their
nutrients for the baby but yeah and that
has really helped it constipation and
plus it's almost like a mini safety
talks you know to keep your your body
from swelling and everything um moving
on to the constipation that hasn't been
very nice because you know I drink a lot
of water I'm still doing my prenatal
work right so I'm active might eat a lot
of fruit and veg but you know a few days
ago I tried to do number two sorry um
but it hurt trying to do it so I'm
trying to think like what's giving birth
could it be like I think I'm sleeping
pretty well when I go to bed I don't
wake up as often to pee as I did used to
me back then I would wake up like I'm
not joking ten times to pee like less
than an R and you know that didn't
really bother me because luckily I can
pee and go back to bed and consume the
dream that I'm before um but not I'm
probably peeing about five times each
night I believe the second trimester is
supposed to be the most comfortable in
the most enjoyable trimester so I'm
looking forward to yeah not visiting the
the bathroom so much to empty my bladder
I find that when I sleep I would wake up
and I've you know both my hands to feel
kind of Numb especially right here like
every morning it happens like a few
times
I think it's called carpal tunnel when I
wash my face at night I can feel that
there's more bumps underneath but
luckily I think it's also kind of giving
me more of a glow because of the
increased blood in my body so that I
don't mind
and I don't mind that my face looks
plump plumper it was yesterday also that
we got to do our 12-week scan and it was
so magical and they're like baby was
waving to us and um she or he was moving
lots and well yeah moving morning
turning you know you know get spinning
ruins it was really adorable but
everything and it's pretty good I was a
little worried because I've been getting
mini pains on my left side but a doctor
said that's actually very common every
time I took a bath I'm like oh these
days don't feel real and I don't know I
feel like they feel like fake boobs or
something cuz you know foods are
supposed to be quite like you know soft
and squidgy okay there are still kind of
soft and squishy but it just it feels
more firm maybe because there's more
blood in there some of you guys have
been asking if we're hoping for a boy or
girl on honestly we're just hoping for
like a healthy baby so the team healthy
baby boy or girl don't care and I love
this baby so much that no other person
is gonna be good enough because Tim's
family know I know um they treat me like
I am a fragile piece of China so as I
don't do this don't go there don't wear
this don't eat this the eating thing is
a huge thing and you know Chinese people
believe in a lot of things you know
there's cool foods and there's warnford
Sundays that you shouldn't have too many
cool boots like watermelon because they
say it can trigger miscarriages um but
the craziest thing I've heard is don't
eat bananas because the baby's gonna
slip out and I think that's just a stuff
of you guys have been asking how do we
think the baby's gonna fit into a
lifelong you know especially the dogs if
anything I think it'll be really great I
think chubby is going to be more of the
protector of the family so you know
chubby will always be protecting peanuts
whereas I think Thommo would be double
would be his cuddly you know cookie
friend because you know he's either a
teddy bear
it just likes to be coddled I know some
people like this shop really early for
their babies I haven't done any of that
yet especially because we don't even
know the gender for baby yet but um my
sister-in-law got us a gift and it was
just such an amazing moment for me and
just me everything feel real like and
you know she got us like these little
onesies it's just so special because I
opened it in my look that I was like wow
that's really tiny wow it's so cute I
believe a little person could the
instant one of these I can't wait start
buying clothes would be so fun
no there's nothing else to do but to
show you guys my belly and this is my
little baby home when I look tired
it's like you Sakhi little pain in the
belly yeah I feel like even my belly
button is starting to get a little
stretched out here yeah and you so much
just we're chilling in time to me and I
shall see you very very soon bye
everybody
