hello everybody so today I am nine weeks
pregnant and I thought I'll make a quick
update for you guys I think I'm starting
to get a little out of breath time
really is flying it feels like yesterday
we just find out we were expecting and
like you know only a few more weeks
until we hit the second trimester um in
terms of pregnancy I think it's been
really really great I feel very blessed
in a way that's um I've been picking up
for anything
I'm many out of seven days to the day
and be nauseated so it's kind of a
hangover where you kind of feel dizzy
first of all let's start with my mood I
really feel like I've had no mood swings
or at least I like to hope I ever I have
been feeling a little lazy especially at
the beginning of up the second son give
week it was just like I couldn't be
bothered to do anything normally I just
love to wake up early and I'd be like
yeah I'm gonna get this done but you
know I've been waking up not be like oh
just wanna stay in bed all day long I
was been noticing that I've been getting
pretty crazy foods uh uh last night I
dreamt I was eating Doritos so when I
woke up I was like I must have two ribs
and I was just like going through the
covers and then I find it at half a pack
at all ones which is a lot you know
because it's massive I've been dreaming
a lot of foods foods that I dreamt about
include cream cheese and crackers which
I had to get cupcakes Doritos
aside from that some of the trains have
been pretty crazy I dream at least like
three at least three dreams every night
for one dream I dreamt one of my friends
he got his arm like mold up a crocodile
and in a different dream I had that
night with me telling him in high school
hey I dream here your arm got mold up
here about people having vivid dreams my
dreams are just weird and like messed up
and creepy I actually weighed myself
yesterday or the day before and I was
surprised because I've actually haven't
actually haven't gives anywhere at all
but I feel like my
my tummy's excite more so I don't know
if it's like rude baby or if it's
because the bloating and everything
appetites to foods that I really like
eating recently include chilled oranges
not oranges that's been sitting it has
to be in the fridge and normally I'm not
a big fan of oranges because it kind of
gives me rashes but I've just been
craving it so much and I've also been
loving mangos I'm getting my appetite
back at the beginning of my pregnancy I
was just really trying to keep her food
down
I thought I feel like I'm starting to
get more appetite now I'm like hungry
all the time although it's not like
blonds what I'm eating I still don't
like eating beef I still don't like the
smell of garlic I pretty much just stick
with congee and bread I think my boost
must be growing because they're always
itchy especially in public but luckily I
mastered the subtle way to relieve it
she crossed her arms and use go like
this actually today that we went to see
a doctor and I want to see a doctor
because two days ago and I was I had a
little bit of spotting though we just
wanted to make sure everything was okay
and baby's fine but the moment I saw his
or her heartbeat just like you're a like
the Sun is going dice I'm a train show
you guys this picture so this is our
little baby and from crimes roll I guess
it's 2.2 4 centimeters so 5 inch units I
wonder if you're going to be creative
like mommy order you're gonna be a
little smart house like your daddy are
you gonna have a little peepee or are
you gonna have a little wee-wee or if
you're going to have your daddy's
enormous giant head I have more pimples
along my jaws I guess very small ones
but nothing too major
I notice I'm starting to get a little
bit of acne at the back of my arms
that's one thing that I never really
used to have my inner thighs hurt a
little
especially on in my right side and I
think it's called Ryan ligament pain
where my joints are sort of loosening up
in preparation so sometimes when I'm
walking and like I enjoy keeping this
secret with the very small number of
people who knew
it's hard to believe that we're going to
be sharing this arts chair family and
friends in just a few weeks I've been
thinking about what happens when too big
you'll get here because a feeling that
the dogs that are going to be so good
with a baby and we thought about where
we're going to have the baby room looks
like s my makeup bring that sound go
away because I really don't use it so
quite looking forward to decorating the
room you can tell at all that I'm
pregnant I'm wearing this but this is my
belly oh one thing I noticed was um I
don't know I feel like I'm getting a bit
hairier Tim thinks my belly looks
chunkier already and I think I do too
although I just ate like a two course
meal so it could be a food belly I'm
quite looking forward to win you know my
tummy really pops products that I'm
using the for my tummy is of course the
Palmer's Cook of butter formula I have
to say I mean it's quite easy to use but
I don't really like the idea of me
smelling like chocolate I don't mind
eating it that I don't get me like you
know smelling off it and then this one
is the Willetta stretch mark massage oil
I feel like using this one I like that
even though I can massage into my body
absorbs quickly it doesn't feel greasy
and sticky my mom actually had crazy
stretch marks but then again she did
have four coos um but yeah I never know
I rather not lose sight so I want to
give it a go and hopefully I will get
too many stretch marks I am going to get
ready and we're going to be having
dinner with Tim's relatives tonight for
Chinese to hear another thing because
it's Chinese a year our baby is gonna be
here of the horse I'm a tiger baby
because I'm born in a year of the tiger
I was just thinking about it you know it
is like a tiger baby or a dragon baby
you'll be so cute but it's gonna be a
horse baby horse baby
the sign is cute that sounds like a
horse baby horse baby have a great day
guys and I shall talk to you soon bye
everybody
