last night we finally uploaded our
announcements video and I just got so
excited and happy that I also uploaded
the video of Tim's reaction when he find
out that we're expecting and their spots
has just been incredible and as Justin
smiling ever since so thank you guys so
so much I don't know I feel like most of
you guys are surprised offenders that um
there's a number of you guys who were
just like I knew it all along when she
started craving Doritos when she started
having weird cravings and she's arguing
sick and she started liking tired and
her face looked kind of different I need
account ID um yeah I no longer have to
wear baggy clothes anymore
my sister-in-law as a gift and this is
our first baby gift and she I don't know
why this is hair like impulsive I
sometimes I'm just too lazy to go to the
salon to trim my French so I'm thinking
maybe I could use this I don't know guys
good idea or buying here should just let
my stylist dude I don't want him to
shine up me
starting to get tear stains Marge never
really used to have it so I've started
to give them the angel glow which is
supposed to be good for tear scenes but
let's see how it's gonna work
I love the little random things attempt
I threw me he walked past this and he
thought of me because his parents call
me su Yin Zi which is what this
character is called in Chinese Sookie
thank you honey I have a little working
buddy 9a more like for like a tamale
talk Elmo oh some looks so comfortable
not really sure what's going on here
you boys all squishy faces your best
friend so your best buddies so sometimes
those be how people quit and some of
them are well muscled the Muslim are
really stupid
there's fun let's take some quizzes
today's quiz is already dipped it to
make up so what does the word make it
main th mmm yes the polit what does the
word orgasm means you use the blush Oh
what about sushi claw yeah yeah that's
true
you're addicted to make up morning
everybody always a great morning when
it's a McDonald's breakfast kind of
morning so I have that it's like a
chicken muffin I think it's maybe like
to put the hot fart inside it's so good
but I am having them in water this sorry
I also should know I wouldn't talk to me
I'm just kidding sorry honey
um yeah like baby just really wants to
eat McDonald's system or hey I really
think that baby me so cruel what he did
to this screw you are you gonna cry
you're not eating this other one wash
your nose all like oh honey
Guillory kiss no niggas paint over at
they don't like the mustard but I was
really looking forward to eating this
and it's you're lucky it still chases
food so today I have another reoccurring
dream I've had I've been having this
dream for years and years and every so
often I would I would get the same dream
basically in a dream I'm in a art exam
and in the artists am i I'm stressed
because the deadline is coming up soon
and my work my piece of artwork is
barely even finished it's like lacking
so much and I'm like stressed out and
then I wake up so I'm not sure what it
means it must mean something to do it
pressure stress or something but and
then I wake up I think hey you know
that was years and years ago and I a fun
example why do I keep coming back and
that same classroom with the same
students and everything sometimes that
feels like Pete is in my belly and
peanut buzzes hello mommy
castorini McDonald's and then I get the
signal and then that github tells him to
get me McDonald's and then of course Tim
would go get the pills then baby and I
baby called speaking of peanut it just
reminded me Jim very last time the vlog
I will tell you guys that we were
picking up Tim's parents in the airport
well that was actually the day we and
nice of pregnancy jidam and it'll get a
last minute and we just pretty much we
got a sign that read you know welcome
back grandpa and grandma and i had like
a big old picture it was very blurry but
it was a picture for nine weeks can with
all be easier and may be cuter two
nights it this way rather than just
telling them so i'm just going to show
you guys the bait walking in I work
pretty late so we don't know we'll catch
them coming out to be honest this is how
we're going to
biggest shock alert
hi-yah let's watch ten stats reaction
again yep typical Asian that reaction
matching as for Tim's mum she didn't
even get it what about my father
hey it was nice sitting in a card and
she told me you know how horrible it was
giving birth to Tim and how much he hurt
her and all Oh
