Peter sleep Oh No up again you might say
max baby is there anything better than
watching a little baby but not much
doctor said she is really really really
strong you're like a little sumo
wrestler
they only have it at the moment which
kind of sucks inconvenient time to get a
cold right now I well Tim is gone
it's little light of mine I'm gonna let
it shine this little light of mine I'm
gonna let it shine let it shine
it shine let it shine are you dancing
yeah
I'm dancing you're growing too fast
do-do-do-do-do-do-do dude I think this
cold is making me a bit mad I have to
tell you guys what my dream last night
they even she's laughing it'll be crazy
yeah yeah last night I had the oddest
dream like I have a lot of crazy dreams
but I would consider last night's dream
weird where should I start I dreamt that
I fell in love with the Lego Mons yes
the actual toy the Lego fun even though
he was like the size of my finger he was
so charming yes I was totally diggin him
my best friend and my dream started
hitting on it and then we kind of like
argued or like I you know get away from
my mom or a Langevin and the thing is
she wasn't that into us he tried to
reason with me that like we cannot be
together and I was like it's okay it's
okay you're just a size my finger it's
okay that you don't even have fingers
our name we're not good enough for him
because he actually sneaks off while I
go mom I'm not good enough for you and I
figured not lucky enough yeah really
really weird I'm not gonna be able to
look at Legos properly you know I your
mom is crazy Ella I really hope she
doesn't catch a cold especially we're
gonna fly in like a week huh oh dear Oh
No good job arms one hand is in
the other one
mm really no way he did what you want me
to kick his ass I wish you guys can feel
her cheeks guys it's like the softest
thing ever
good morning everyone we are all packed
and ready to go oh there's my brother
you ready to go so we got to Dublin
Airport nice and say thank Ebro at our
lunch she's fed we're fed or ready to go
second destination London Airport
company
Rainie here actually for once northern
ireland has better weather than it does
in london
we've arrived the hong kong okay we
survived we pretty much had zero sleep
it's not about the quality of the
charity is about getting there safely
welcome to Hong Kong money should be
escaped of survivors already
did you get my mom
are you wearing black like mummy
did you miss me Wow welcome to everyone
so happy to be here the flight went fine
I'm not gonna lie it definitely wasn't
easy you know cuz we flee of Isaac so
much and you know this tie rod I thought
maybe she'll be just like him and sleep
all the way definitely wasn't like that
at all
update regarding the field trip to Ghana
to all of the new ones and above family
if you guys don't know not long ago
together we managed to fund
three more schools for the children of
Ghana and I was supposed to go on a
field trip but the only thing was I fell
pregnant and so the trip was postponed
Ella is not two months so hopefully next
year she'll be a lot bigger and stronger
I'll feel comfortable leading curve the
grandparents while I go in the field
trip and of course I'll vlog it and
bring you guys with me so we can go
through the impact video schools I have
something I want to share you guys might
be guys don't know Bill Gates has always
been one of my absolute heroes we have
no idea how excited I was when the Bill
and Melinda Gates Foundation reached out
to me the foundation has 17 global goals
and extreme poverty climate change and
gender inequality by year 2030 I have an
honor to share the goal that weighs
heavy on my heart and for most of you
guys you can probably guess it's going
to be education I've been very very very
blessed that together reveal with manage
the funds and build five schools
together so far but I don't think I've
shared this with you guys but the seed
that started at all was when I was a
little girl and when my grandmother used
to tell me that when she was little she
was really bright you know out of her
time it really wasn't popular for girls
to be educated fortunate enough her
parents were very supportive and
grandmother's father would sit dine and
teach my grandmother to read it right
and what happened circumstances changed
and many things were taken away from her
education being one of them
I can't tell you guys even when I was
little girl I always thought my
grandmother was invincible and she still
is but I can also tell you guys from a
very young age I was always aware that
because of her lack in education I need
her possibilities were very limited due
to the fact that she couldn't read or
write always always like with me and I
that I'm a mother now two beautiful
children I know that every mother just
wants a safe environment for their child
to be able to learn and grow what's
beautiful about education is it's like
I'm for full effect access to education
means that people can educate themselves
in terms hygiene so it leads to improved
health care improved hygiene gender
equality improved infrastructure
confidence communities thrive from it
and when communities are thriving in
general the whole place thrives if you
want to learn more on what the world is
doing for the school and how to get
involved then you can click the link in
my description box in this very world
that we called hope we should all do our
part to make this world a better place
you can I'm asleep
I mean all news is up again keep going
Isaac
almost
Oh
