hello everybody its Bob so I guess I'm
almost seven weeks pregnant so I thought
I'll do a little quick update for you
guys on things I've been feeling and I
guess the changes according to my app
this is what peanut looks like right now
and I'm kind of scary really not really
sure how pregnancy blog school but some
like I said I have my little book and I
wrote down things that I've been
experiencing first of all the fatigue
the fatigue is one thing I expected but
didn't expect to really experience it
and feel blue because and you'll be
tired but I didn't think I'll be you
know this tired every day
I pretty much much have to take a nap
and if I don't take a nap I just look
sedated I'm just like I guess there's a
new one explanation for that vampire
baby I notice I'm not like very
energetic when I wake up that afternoon
it is good oh not just the fact that I'm
tired I feel like um I don't really have
the mood to even film my Bubbe's beauty
videos because for my buffs PD channel I
feel like you know I don't have energy
to do that which kind of sucks cuz I'm
used to you know waking up and just
being on the go and suddenly yet you
know I have a slogan sign and normally I
would just feel guilty just just sit and
watch TV no I have to spend at least an
hour like nothing every day but I guess
it is a sign that my body's telling me
to slow down so I'm just watching every
day I become
I guess I'm just going to enjoy all
asleep I'm gay because frankly when the
baby comes I probably will be getting
that very much um in terms of appetite
Oh another thing you guys know I love
food right but I suddenly I just don't
enjoy food the way I'm used to so a lot
of times I guess I'm just trying to keep
the food down because I do get a little
nauseous but I'm also hungry all the
time
so Fitz I don't like include anything
that's garlicky it's just a Sal of
garlic and I want to smell it's like oh
one food I really can't eat right now is
broccoli like just thinking about it
makes me sick I'm really thankful that
there's no picking going on peeing I pee
10 times during sleep so throughout the
day and even know how long I just pee
constantly I'm kind of just like my
bother like getting up from the toilet I
might as well just sit here a whole day
since like I pay so often oh this is a
bit better but son if you're talking
about little while ago the gas is
something like immediately after eating
like within 10 minutes the gases comes
in I think it's because of the hormones
kind of slows down your digestive system
or something makes you be the gas anyway
so I'll feel really bad for Tim but I
have a baby gas set aside scooter my
skin is a little funkier than usual but
um it's it's not elective point where
it's like you know super oily or
uncontrollable um the other day I was
actually taking a shower and I was like
nah I was like oops I think I noticed
that at my boobs have um grown a little
fuller but I do not mind at all
I cannot wear bras with wires in him
anymore just Dixon seeing it it's just
so comfortable so I've been wearing like
kind of like sports bras and they just
they're just a lot more comfortable we
are over halfway through the first
trimester and I guess I'm enjoying the
time where nobody knows I'm pregnant but
also be nice you know what to tell
people and be treated like a princess
one thing I experienced that Lanka was I
was lying in bed and I kind of knew what
I was doing I was doing reading girls
playing with my phone or something but I
sneaked and my lower abdomen was so sort
like and I saw our five seconds and then
I went away and I looked up and a party
is really common um it's a grind
ligament pain or something so that was
where so when I sneeze I'm like freaking
out at night and when I sneak and make
sure I'm hunched over rather it is like
being stretched out we don't really have
preference to gender but I guess we just
want the baby to be healthy mmm I kind
of have a really strong feeling of what
the sex of the baby will be you know it
could be wrong but I just have this
really strong feeling it's gonna be
something so um we kind of started
looking at names just for fun and it's
weird you know sometimes like before
obviously before you're pregnant when
people tells you their name J unless a
beautiful name it's so unique but when
you start thinking names from your own
child you because the most judgmental
person on earth
it's like someone suggest names X and
you'd be like nu X what kind of names me
of X I'm not gonna call my childhood so
what I really really need to miss is
taking hot bus I take really hot bus any
night because I know my body temperature
can't get too high then there's no point
of meeting box because it's too cool for
me and it's my high intensity workouts
now I have to be a bit more careful and
just do gentle
aerobics or yoga pilates so far I don't
think I'm showing very much
so now can't really tell with this
sweater so I think I've got to go walk
the dog can you see a little bit of
editing and you guys so much for
watching and I shall talk to you soon
bye ready
