some days like item and I get on kind of
like best friends and some wondered if
you know we ever like sweet-talk each
other um yeah hi yes this is what deal
with oh no I never really think about it
like honey do we sweet talk sweet talk
sweet oh never mind he did like
compliment me he told me I was beautiful
yesterday which was really romantic yeah
at the time you were picking your nose
exactly would have been very romantic
you know telling your wife that she's
beautiful but he said it when he was
picking his nose cuz like you're
beautiful so but I still really
appreciated it look he's doing it again
this is what it looked like when he told
me how beautiful love my uniform
exactly like that by the way oh
don't explore your nose when you're
talking to me then and then put it in
your knee I better step forget sometimes
you like some nurses finger on me I'm
actually kind of in pain today oh my god
so what I basically did was okay so you
basically just found like this guy's
right make a little small V and you go
up in your toes and then bend your knees
die so it's like a nice angle and sway
your hips side side side the side
alright and I just do this when I'm
watching TV and it's awesome
I know some of you guys are gonna hate
me for saying this but I've just been
hearing so many covers of frozen that I
am so sick of anything related to frozen
I mean like it was a good movie and
everything but oh
whether it's you know let it go let it
go or that you wanna build a snowman
and I said been in my head and it took
forever for to go away so my husband's a
jerk somebody said this intercom is not
long ago and it was actually thumbed up
a few times and it was like buzz why
don't you move into the burger place
your apartment seems pretty small
especially your kitchen it just seems
cramped well um you see a lot of people
don't know this but we Jay live in Hong
Kong and Hong Kong property prices are
they're pretty scary I think are they
number one say how hot property if this
is the highest yes so Hong Kong
properties is the most expensive in the
world
on average and because it's so small in
Hong Kong we have to build up so space
is very very limited and thus making it
expensive different you know guys being
in the States and being naked of course
you're gonna have more space of course
you can build houses of loser room with
loads of room and loads of rooms but and
how called especially you know incident
more compact and you know we don't have
that much money where we can afford a
big massive price we love this list this
is our homeland it's home because it's
our home it's not home because it has to
have so and so rooms are in a certain
way over here in a place called I don't
know it's pretty much just a whole mall
of like
Bridal and weight anything like for
Chinese dishes and prattle gyeom's and
easygoing if I crazy girdle so lots of
brides come here let's check our things
you find everything here they suck
wedding shoes everything huh
hey scruffy you ready to go walkies
today is my friend's birthday so I'm
gonna be taking her art to a buffet I
don't know how to dogs no we don't even
need to tell them but they know they're
getting groomed come on come on doggies
let's go dumb we first tell me I'll come
in with him in oh oh show me career
sorry Jimmy just to delete the bad guys
come on
up
car coming daddy jump good girl good
girl come here here I'll never hold a
hammer how about no you're the stable
car my keys are here good girl good girl
god
Oh chubby come on here's your still
mischievious take a boat you belong
we go hello come here table
come over come on scrub scroll it ticket
boy
oh look a boom breaks my heart wouldn't
have the bit of groomers but thumb
wouldn't need to be groomed every month
because he gets tangled and you know
might as well clean chubby-cheeked here
at AEM buffet play my girlfriend it's
her birthday today look how pretty she
looks and look we're gonna kill the
dessert buffet look at that all happy to
be home
ut look like marshmallows harmony what
you look like
Thank You
chubby chubby come here to be sure
everybody what you liquid now after your
haircut
goes up I think and I cut a round off
your ears okay you're either right again
hmm
it's been a while since we had
shepherd's pie so we're creeping and
we're eating it today oh I wish you guys
can smell hogs good this is you we
finally uploaded the annoy send video
guys the comments you guys are leaving
are so sweet thank you so much guys for
love like I look like I have a coat
hanger in my life I love that you guys
are pulling out the baby baby books
already
you
