hello everybody this is weird
I never thought be making up one of
these videos so quick so today is um one
day after we find out we were pregnant I
guess this is my first pregnancy vlog
and you know it's still early not money
for weeks along it's just been so crazy
guys I mean Tim and I we decided not to
do presents this Christmas and some why
I guess I had a fashionably late present
for him it hasn't really sunk in to me
yet guys I mean I feel like I want to
scream and say I'm frightened everybody
but I think it's best to wait it out so
everyone he told a few people so far I
just can't believe that I'm gonna be
growing a little person inside of me and
it's it's amazing to know that it's you
know the gender is already decided I
guess by the time you guys see this
video it's going to be at least two
months later so I'm from the past so I
guess today's video I'm gonna be talking
about my early pregnancy symptoms as she
has just been such a great year guys you
know there was a wedding at honeymoon
and now we have a baby on the way and do
we plan that's a baby we actually did it
so may this be a lesson right there for
you girls um I feel almost guilty for
saying this but you know Pawnee for us
it was really easy to get pregnant and I
guess I could tell you the exact day
that's you know this baby got conceived
not sure restart
I felt pregnant two three days after the
baby was conceived
it's weird I mean suddenly some people
are just really aware of it I mean I
don't know I was I just had a feeling
like my body felt different um my tummy
felt weird was one thing I kind of got
actually explained feeling it feels like
period cramps and weird thing is I never
get pure crumbs so I thought this is odd
um I always get back pains and and
migraines
I never get stomach cramps so that was
one symptom that I had on that are very
obvious symptom that I had was um
come on my boots like these small things
actually felt heavy like I've ever been
lift one booth on that go and felt like
it was going so I were to go like this I
feels like someone's punching me right
in tit you know or that the feeling of
someone like throwing orange and my
booth which makes me kind of excited
that a I'm gonna be getting boobs for
Christmas I know I'm going to be getting
boobs next year so I actually have a
little notebook here and I wrote down
the symptoms and a really key thing is
this notebook was from a soft scrapper
from my la meet-and-greet look it's okay
if it's thanks for making our life of
people we love you in a non-creepy way
congrats to you too best wishes
god bless and you know she said congrats
because we just got engaged so you know
night it's almost like congrats because
you know what's important and I have
been calling it's a baby potato but we
shall see how it goes on the 16th of
December I wrote sore back and sore
boobs
and a 17 I wrote slash straight I 442
her ex I guess that's another thing um
I've been checking day naps I never used
to not I didn't think much of it because
you know Tim and I would look at each
other and go join the chicken nap and
you know he'd be napping as well so I
thought it was normal you know like
winter blues you know we state more um
xx feels like a tummy ache 22nd against
or sensitive booze and 23rd a little
nauseous in the mornings the last thing
I shot at Bryan was 24 which was the day
before I find I was pregnant and feels
like a dull ache in my back feels like
Tom is going to come
Tom was supposed to come on Christmas
Eve but it didn't come and so in
Christmas morning something just told me
to test and although I kind of fell
pregnant you know before I didn't think
that it was actually going to be
positive I thought I can't be so I took
the test and I left it in the bathroom
and I went on to do my thing and then I
remembered a test and I went back to it
and I saw one very small line and one
very faint line and I was just thinking
oh it can't be got it and I think I just
started panic I went out to walk the
dogs and I was just super market up
brought about two more and they were
positive as well right away of course I
felt happy and I was excited and then
I'm sure a lot of people experienced
this but um later on the night I like
there was a big surge of fear that just
washed all over me guess it selfish side
of me was thinking about Oh your life is
not gonna be about yourself anymore no
more sleeping no more going out with I
know plans and you know your whole life
is just gonna be a now revolves around
just responsibility of looking after
another person
I guess because this baby really flew
that plant um it's kind of overwhelming
to think about all the things that we're
gonna have to learn and the things we're
gonna have to do it but you know I then
I went to bed anyway and I woke up and
everything I was worried about just
suddenly went away and I know it's
probably gonna come back again but you
know it's I just woke up feeling really
really excited and happy unless you kind
of keep written because when he woke up
the first thing that he said was time to
feed my baby and he wouldn't I got me
breakfast so I'm thinking I should make
the most out of this you know he's been
like researching like his have a diet
that I should be eating it was so cute
and you know I think back to how happy
was yesterday when I you know surprised
him with you know the message is this
makes me smile we're really really happy
and excited and since this is our first
pregnancy I really wanted occu meant it
and share it with you
is me right now definitely no bump yeah
but um I have a feeling I'll pop soon
just like my mom this is message to a
wonderful Christmas miracle and I just
really I feel really blessed that you
know God has blessed less of this baby
and I mean I'm scared it's a good scare
I'm going to finish it right here again
sorry for rambling it's just I can't
really tell people about this yet I'll
see you guys soon
bye everybody almost forgot to say this
I love you guys
