I have something to tell you but you
guys probably won't be able to see this
till months later so this morning I woke
up and I don't know something's told me
to do a test I definitely saw two lines
guys and oh my gosh I went there tonight
two more death I definitely see to my
finish off so now I have to tell - this
is like a huge surprise I'm just
enormous sure I guess um guess what
you're gonna be a big brother Joey can
be a big sister
yeah my what I need to think of a way to
tell Tim I'm perfect cuz this year we
decided not to get each other a gift but
you know I I can give this you must good
Oh
guys please
beep come here
Allen friends I know we're not supposed
to be can make it do something like
breakable but like this one was last
minute it's an easter egg crack it open
oh ah mmm what she meet this
hmm are you sure yeah
I took three tests are you sure I be
joking
Tim just fine I that he's going to be on
Christmas Day on Christmas Day so it's
our Christmas miracle she's like no
competition either those happen do you
know what's happening you know he's been
staring at me like this for a long time
you
