I think a bunch of ours is there's a
hairdryer service for ya I laughed out
your hair even with white flowers guys
look at them sing in front of the mini
heater doesn't it feel good being bored
don't you feel lucky everything about
all the other homeless dogs right there
no it's sad morning guys
so nice waking up to fresh flowers in
the morning Jase doesn't feel as cold
but it's still cool and you know when
it's cold what's the best time for hot
instant ramen it was actually yesterday
I was kind of hungry waiting for him and
then I smelled someone in my block make
ramen
you know like ramen the smell he just
eats smell and I was like Oh smells so
good I really made me wants today
especially this cool weather mister last
night I was telling you guys that my I
would remember just one for the same
ways that used to and I was wondering it
was fake I got this in my local color
mix judging from licking it looks like
it's the real cup I don't know it's got
some bubbles in mind I don't know what
that price is also real so I just took a
shower and it's made the entire bedroom
all foggy I guess it's a sauna in here
it's become oh it's a camera
okay so right now Tim is fights with his
gayness just having a drink Richie and I
just really long short as you guys know
Dhamma really loves his tea time buddies
look how much he loves this stuff buddy
he sleeps on it last night actually guys
know Tim went art and he's home in one
piece
a very interesting thing is he also
brought back a girl ah a different woman
actually might one of my best friends
and she was I last night for some reason
he doesn't like her at all she's like
mysterious woman who are you
chubby doesn't like being told the girl
she doesn't wanna go over to Tim just
sitting on my lap she says oh look at
her look at the cherry pop pop girl
though which is all about girl honey
what's she saying your honor this girl
Oh since I came to town I bought girl to
be yeah you can't grow daddy like that
don't wanna you confuse her I guess you
just have to make these are double the
whole all too high yeah mmm thanks
thanks a lot
he'll be hard to get laid me like that
ah fish are a little my ear feel a
little squidgy from being in the water
you look like squishy does tonight has
just been um a nice lazy Sunday this guy
is vented recovering from his night art
how do you feel on a scale of one to ten
I feel fabulous
what's your highlight up to date
Oh Malcolm who was like immense
beautiful good army was good or be good
afternoon in short let's talk about the
little pleasures little Joy's in life is
also one of my little joys in life is
coming home to my dogs and their
long-lost my joy and another joy in life
is going to the toilet what you really
really really need to go you're like
mines when you're really thirsty and you
got loads of fizzy drinks at once oh
well ice cubes it's been a while since
we had your Chenoa teriyaki chicken and
then I got rice some veggies and beef so
my question is is it mean that I make
Domo keep me company when I eat the
bathroom like he comes in voluntarily
and he just sits there and looks at me
and in my defense it's like I've seen
him go so many times you know it's not
watched him go so for once I'm in here
if you don't he could watch me go just
excited for watching
hey he's gonna pierce into the foothills
erect
such an awesome day some of you guys
have been noticing that double is
actually getting white and we notice it
too especially at the back we're not
actually sure why but apparently I'm
poodles in this color and also in
apricot they do lose their color pretty
early all refreshed after walking him
and I are going to be collecting his
parents at the airport and about just
patinas do you ever years ago Lika Wish
Foundation dick contacted me and there
was a girl that wanted to meet me and
Ellen and Amy leader Hong Kong and we
had such an awesome time together and
you know years later we still keep in
touch and we chat a lot well you know
time to seems s blown by because I knew
from the day a meth and not like these
girls are different there's talent in
them so no they have released their own
single guys oh definitely check out your
tunnel and the song is called glitter
steam dress and I'm sure you guys will
like it
please given those support guys have
come such a long way waiting the spots
and parents hi
no razor clams sweetens our pork and you
my favorite some food we are home and
I'm gonna try and get this vlog up for
you guys I feel so bad I feel like I
haven't been so consistent with my
videos watch this videos put my flogged
but unhappy side I'm wearing my favorite
nightie my sister bought me the eyes are
placed in very strategic places look
into my crystal eyes now your bowls are
paralyzed as my cousin Leon says but no
I'm oh sorry oh sorry I just picked the
chair and a pulse tied to but yeah this
is sponge ball I don't weigh so I hope
it doesn't ruin things but yeah and I'm
wearing my sexy nightie today do you
want to see I'm wearing my sexy nightie
look where the eyes of place very well
why cuz your boobs are like alright
change tire BAE bathroom lately
ah you can do better than that it's
pitiful
whatever you do I'll be not there and
you see Michael don't work with nice
