even the dogs are cold last night they
were actually sleeping under 2 D days of
us guys so this was your idea guys to
take some eyelashes now she looks it ok
let's get it off ok
I haven't really thought lately because
my throat's been sore so just like I
just want to like keep talking to a
minimum so today we're heading to the
movie one of our favorite restaurants
except with focusable yeah this one is
like a different one different french
cinema Sasuke bt 180 fine dining
romantic experience or do you want
all-you-can-eat buffet that looks like
are you kidding
all-you-can-eat buffet by finding it's
nice to eat but you know so expensive
and we're never exactly completely
fooled
we're here and we're ready to help oh
and I found it and Tim Scott it's a big
mushroom on a massive to time I don't
think the salmon was cooked too well
Elmo mommy doesn't feel well women thank
you so much sugar Lahiri
Tim let knows I'm not feeling too well
me as I I'll sit next to eat but
free love Jenna hold my hand ball we
play but our drama was such a bully
first of all he stole the burger off
chubby okay so he concentrates on that
and then trouble you could get the koala
bear and he steals that too and not here
walnut chubby near go watch dumb oh you
already got the koala bear not he wants
it and what does he do bite your leg
originally I had a plan to do my hair
like really nicely and just you know do
my makeup in a more special way and I
just realized a Tim doesn't care how my
makeup looks and I don't want to put
products at my hair cuz I just washed it
yesterday
of course I said wise I figured it's a
buffet I'm gonna be dressed for comfort
so I could eat as much as possible
honey area McDonald's by this is just an
outfit and it might be too much I can
then take off my belt and I'm ready to
go as long as we finish before 8 o'clock
we can go any time and I'm like we
should go as early as possible what's up
I going in at 7 and just having one or
two buffet right if you want to go to
buffet have as much time as possible all
I want to share an experience that I
that I recently experienced lately I
don't want to share you guys so my case
ago I was working at a foundation and
the girl he came over and she was like
this one is your shape
I'd like that and I was like it was like
a really peel peel foundation I was like
wow I am I don't think this one's my
shade and try to send it nice as we
possible and she was like look at my
face well my face like mitered and my
body like I'm joking I was like and her
face was a lot lighter than her body at
least two shades and I was like oh so do
not be peer pressured into getting the
wrong foundation guys I've fallen into
many many chops in the past this is just
a little runt you know nothin like a
ramp for Valentine's Day
oh really I've just been kind of angry
I've just been really bad up like just
looking at a laptop board going through
my phone because I realized I'm on my
phone I'd end up like you know scrolling
through Facebook and
I just got really angry because I have
just been angry at people lately you
know I feel like and Facebook there's
just so many angry people lately on it's
rubbing off me you know sometimes I get
that I have to like go off Facebook for
a while and it's spelt ellington like
Facebook has been like bumming me out
you know see if guys ever gets up there
beautiful it always feels really nice
receiving them
I get really heartbroken when they die
cuz you know flowers die - my dearest
most loving beautiful loophole in the
world I will continue to love you take
care of you and spoil you for all my
life from your Bubba yeah you will
hey chubby happy Valentine's Day
I was just driving to elements I feel
like elements is a feminizing take place
I always go there but what are our
thoughts on Valentine's Day honey it was
a big another you know let your loved
ones know you love them you know your
home your dad
as I do what's on my shirt but you let
you know food is like the biggest
blessing there is ever so like we're
just really happy to just like have a
feel together like dude let's go kill
the guys this is awesome we have
to your suburban food here mmm this is
the Africa what this is great
delicious enjoy dude so stuffed I'm on
the verge of being uncomfortable and
he's still going we're supposed to be
outta here for eight and as was it at
7:50 57 or 58 he still went to get food
until we look at the minute I was
dangling I'm gonna take my needle off
which is my favorite parts of the day
you guys remember this isn't any fun you
got forever so I'm quite intrigued to
see how this works so I've been using
the bio sperm again in fact when I use
that a member is great and then I got
another one I don't want to go a fake or
it just doesn't work as well as I
remember
Oh comes off really easy little pretty
impressive so far this is like a new
weapon very very lightly as well and if
I demonstrate with my fire firm I mean I
guess it removes the eyeshadow and
everything fine but when I come through
from the eyeliner and the mascara I'll
do such a good job Chris I'm just gonna
gently wipe see most of it is still on
I'm not a date so good fears like stars
I don't know I get really frustrated
watching these shows this guy is saying
if you want to get good luck if you're
born in the cold season eat lots of hot
food like curry and hotpot ever born and
summer eat loads of cool foods like ice
cream and this is how you get lucky this
is just tag meanest purchases we're
going to set this as my cover pic then I
saw Lindy signs creepy face in the
background what's wrong with me in the
background
my defense I was just trying to go to
bed and then Tim go to take the picture
I think I'm going to get this one up for
you guys for asleep and yeah I'll fix
you guys tomorrow take care and I shall
reach peak tomorrow
