what's really cute by sambala sometimes
when I'm working he would just look up
and stare at me hey just like this like
poodles are great because they don't
shed but they do have a lot of tear
stains a lot of the times and you know
grooming can be expensive because you
know they're quite high in incidence
when it comes to grooming let me do it
come on I'm doing this for your own good
hi hey hey
yeah yeah uppercut hmm
I just rung Tim and my phone is next
door and I was like can i order some
toast please sure you actually what yeah
sure
wait for it look at that
Tim's got a massive butt for a guy to
than me but it's like a per feet but you
jealous I really enjoy it when they're
chewing their little booms and I and
roll quiet be giving brother a hug
so I'm trying Chloe she's for the very
first time and I mashed it with some
raspberries I put on some tooth and I
can't say I like it that much
the raspberries dogs make it taste a
little better maybe it's a grow
accustomed to the last night I could not
fall asleep for some reason so I
resorted to going on YouTube and just
typing in different songs cuz you know I
was hoping it would help me fall asleep
so I started off with the refrain which
is nice until sometimes you know you
share a thunder grieger and that really
startled me so then I change to jungle
on sugar loop in a nice move around them
like you hear a monkey Wow
like sometimes really loud and I have a
sudden and it kind of scared me so I
went away from that so then I tried
beach and this - seagulls really
annoying so I went to next one and the
one that really worked for me was
actually the song end up being an
aeroplane Kevin so yeah that line really
does exist is remembered every time I'm
on an airplane I would sneak from the
beginning to the end I'm making congee
for tips
once I laughed right so
hungover needs a little bit of comfort
food these are all the letters that I
have read from these guys and this bike
is as still the letters I need to read
so still quite a bit here but it's been
so awesome guy I might eat an almighty I
will need another box to hold your
precious letters I love some days I get
to do what I got to do my iron and I'm
just reading some of your letters so
maybe you're watching dance
you're so beautiful to see that each on
your little facts about yourself I feel
so bad that this came in crinkle but it
feels so beautiful I just want to take I
really enjoy reading your letters I
noticed lately that you know what a lot
of you guys have been sending me like
you know things other than letters you
know while I do pre-shift and I think
it's really sweet you know I'm happy
enough making your letters guys so
please don't feel like you need to you
know boy there and buy me something or
that you need to spend time and effort
to make me something I'll be happy to
letter right now we're heading towards
but make to have like an audio dinner
that's my that's Billy jiggles every
train here is kind of can't really tell
builds is like living
I just remember Tim changes DV covers
today
I love crawling in the bed oh it's a
look at all the pillows were different
but you know it's still nice you guys
should see this oh good song for you
well who would you like to thank Jesus
huh
I'm just enjoying turning off my laptop
my phone just nothing that lights up and
understand our life is booked and I like
it with this book is called great day
every day and I want to read this
paragraph to you guys and gratitude is
always an option
makkhi minute his so when the famous
scholar was thief and robbed his purse
hero is very first let me be thankful
for because I never robbed before
second elodi took my purse they did not
take my life
third although they took my all it was
not much unfortunately it was because I
who was robbed not I who robbed you guys
remember a few days ago out like it's so
hot if the look bloom right side but
it's like so freaking Cuban right side
so yesterday it was again dark outside
myself you're not fooling me and I
didn't wear a lot of clothes and then
just wait on me baby so I'm a little
with you today
this morning I woke up to quite a nice
surprise I got quite a lot of products
from Nuka forever
I mean they email me and I said they
wanted to send me a few products but I
don't think it was like this much
there's two four six eight ten eleven
products here thank you so much makeup
forever I just tested this color number
36 thanks really pretty down slowly
Oh
all I have to do is follow gotta love
the old native boy bonds sometimes she'd
stare at my face if a lot of adoration
like this and it suddenly to go oh and I
just scratch my face of her Paul
let me ordered a solid not my cup of tea
yeah I got my associate yeah I got beef
tenderloin one of my favorites here oh
you got lubricant that looks monstrous
good
give me some mush before give me some
mush why do you couldn't have oh yeah
don't charge it sprawl that's perfect I
want your mush
oh now she's gonna eat some toy they're
always hungry skip that when you eat it
the way you're grateful you just feel
like a car
we having honey can I get a new Oh
Barney noise yeah you don't need to ask
me silly okay I get the first bite
carrying a baby
