it's time to do another a pause video so
I have your questions here loaded up in
front of me first of all thank you guys
for sending in your Twitter question are
you guys ready both can you do an
American accent I don't know can I can I
do an American accent whoa this is my
camera twinkle twinkle little star how I
wonder what you are
I like hamburgers yeah I guess I can't
really do an American accent who's your
favorite k-pop group and why come on
guys this is pretty obvious hey fine why
because come on
what does your star science here but um
do you think is tree well my star sign
is a Sagittarius the man the horse
Sagittarius is supposed to be the
luckiest or a sign of the zodiac
Sagittarius are also supposed to be
there adventurous optimistic don't earth
so I guess you know it can't be I don't
necessarily believe in the whole like a
star sign thing but I actually pretty
like being a Sagittarius who's more
fabulous you or Tim would you rather
lose all your old memories or never be
able to meet new ones this is a pretty
easy question I'm very thankful for all
the memories I've made so far but I
think you know I look forward to making
more beautiful memories because you know
live in LA but the past is about living
right not so I'm sure is I rather make
new memories than hold on to old
memories what is the best beauty advice
you've ever received and from who so the
best beauty advice I ever received was
from a girl called Mandy a nice to see
her she's to be my beauty therapist she
pretty much just told me oily skin is
pretty much just skin that's dry on the
inside so you know Amanda today the root
problem of a lot of skin problems is dry
skin how do you keep your like balance
between everything these
I'm still organized and has so much time
to enjoy any secrets I want to say just
take life every day as it comes so I
don't like to work too far but the
future I guess I just have faith what
tomorrow will bring
and you know there really is no secrets
along is you just live life just living
it with lots of gratitude then honestly
everything will just shine your way
I definitely think having a positive
outlook on life health a lot and it
really depends on your lenses you know
how you look at things what do you do
when you're tense or stressed um I do
several things I like to exercise
because exercise really centers me and
just helps me relieve attention
sometimes you just need a good cry so
you need to cry like do it and it really
helps to talk to someone I like to pray
because they resource my soul and I
clean out the apartment because I feel
like a clean apartment will help to
declutter my mind what keeps you
grounded you managed to keep such an
authentic quality to your videos and
they love that Wow thank you so much
that is such a compliment and to be very
honest this is not something I guess it
comes easy to me though there's a saying
back Charles Olymp that I absolutely
live by and it's life is like arts you
have to work hard to keep it simple and
still have meaning so you know I really
enjoy learning and I feel like being
able learning things is what really
keeps me going
despite
very thankful for each and every single
one of you guys the numbers in something
that makes me feeling that accomplished
what makes me feel accomplished is
knowing that I can grow people being
able to keep learning keep inspiring and
keeping everything simple you know I
enjoy having a simple life I may live in
Hong Kong and I may not necessarily be
the best place for me to grow as our
career anything but I feel like I'm
happier heroes I think it's the best
decision would you consider getting a
third dog as to what breed I think it's
a simulator thing that we will
eventually end up getting another doggie
just because we just we just really
lived of what are the tips on keeping a
healthy relationship hello there's a lot
when it comes to this but I guess
Trust is a as a massive thing never for
a second am I ever suspicious of tin
lettuce trust them 100% and I guess it's
not just about accepting their flaws
it's also about you know loving their
flaws and I also think that a lot of
people fall into the trap of thinking
that their partner should make them
happy and they should you know be this
to them and all that but then you know
we should instead think about what we
could get rather than what they could do
for us your partner should also bring
out the best in you you know your
partner should me feel beautiful and you
know just fine just the way you are
rather than making you feel unworthy how
much you love us I love you guys this
much but it goes up how many babies do
you want in the future that really
depends on the first one when did you
first fart in front of Tim
I honestly can't remember but from what
I remember it really didn't take that
long until I started doing it because I
think and then a small one and I'll
become and he has always seemed cute I
was like really and then just open the
gates and also opens my butthole one
time I did fart and I tried to blame it
on my dog class but yeah it's very
obvious it wasn't him it was quite a
Liam thing for me to do if you had to
describe him of any animal what animal
would he be this one is so easy he would
be a chihuahua because he's right he's
very little but he's slide and yeah p3z
Chihuahua thanking you for your
questions I had a lot of fun answering
them and remember he can ask me your
questions on Twitter by tweeting me I
hope you guys enjoy today's ask Bob
series and I shall see you there soon
