oh come on leave this what did you just
do all he was putting letting honey look
at his score guys 178 I'm not my
friendly soccer pitches what a
productive night sure come on shared a
burger and they lied every morning when
she wakes up she'd somehow split open
the curtains herself and then a good
morning just said a work I took a shot I
feel good
I just got chance to read all your
letters again and I managed to tackle
this this package wow you must have made
all these cranes all by yourself this is
so special I know some people make
looser paper cranes for good luck you
guys can share this yummy snack whoo oh
this looks like puppy and he's gonna
love that
oh there's a book I sent it a thing yeah
three year journal oh one that are
questions I love these down oh this must
be from Australia we have many ones here
thank you so much Wendy and copper live
and thank you so much for explaining
they'll pull right I know you look like
oh okay Oh
ah you guys spoil me thank you so much
guys this is so sweet I am so shocked
with just how much stuff you got me on
the crayons I must have to keep forever
to make these thank you so much guys
you really shouldn't have got me all of
this I'm gonna wear this all the time
and it's gonna make me think about you
guys there's no point getting the dogs
any toys they just pretty much like to
play with slipper chairs oh no need to
fight here's another one
yeah go knock yourself out
Dumbo is no pushover every time
I'm excited to write in this one as well
a sentence update okay so today it's a
fifth opt Febrary when was the last time
you received a letter from a loved one
well it's actually today that I read a
bunch of letters from my awesome
subscribers and it made me feel very
loved and very lucky then on this one
which you guys know I always write in
the question is what are you obsessively
listening to actually at the moment I'm
not listening to anything at all so I
need some song suggestions guide wearing
my very ugly but comfy croc supposed to
walk the dogs it's afternoon we're
having lunch like door day I'm going to
leave a quick video message for a
special subscriber because it's her
birthday and her friend requested me to
make a quick video so here goes ah
thummell you got kicked deserve what
we're smelling her down there
don't smell their today's weather is
seemingly hot it looks cold outside
because it's dark it looks like it's
gonna rain but when I was outside I was
like oh so hot and sweaty I need to tell
you guys about a nightmare I had two
nights ago and it's made me afraid to
sleep so in my dream I dreamt I have
this doll just a normal like baby doll
and for some reason slowly and more
until you know you know decline from
salt and the doll kept coming to life
I'm trying to kill us so it would be
like I got a big favor healthy
so despite chopping off of the legs the
arms it kept coming to life so yeah we
just woke up the body and everything it
kept coming to life the doll actually
have this dagger in the chest like it
was like right in the inside I searched
tiger inside and trans like that and you
have to take this Tiger toy and stop
somebody with it or all these other
dolls will come to life it sounds like
I'm not gonna stop someone with this and
so we had this guy and you know like
well I'll do it II took the dagger and
six-way and then the doll died and
everything was fine
and the guy was fine so it's really a
happy ending but it was just such a
stressful dream I'm gonna really regret
asking this guys but what is the worst
nightmare that you've ever ever had the
reason I have been more absent from my
Bubbe's beauty tunnel is because I've
been working on a fun project and
together the cool ones for being here on
this channel so right now I
I was going to tell them of a very big
project so I'm pretty much designing a
bracelet right so we're working on a
jewelry line so yeah yeah so it's been
really exciting so it has been really
really fun but it has been challenging
because it was something that I thought
would come easy but upon a jewelry
design isn't really really hard but yeah
I have a design a solid design and I
just needed to tweak it up and
everything and I know you guys are gonna
like it cuz I'm really excited about it
or was I the jewelry line so normally in
every thankfully I get a lot of
opportunities but not all of them all
right but this is just something that
I've just always wanted to do and it's
just such an awesome opportunity to get
really get creative so fortunately this
company that I'm working with they're
very very supportive and they're really
letting me go out there you know in
terms of creativity so no boundaries
that have to be awesome
okay everybody see you in the morning
