you like looking at mommy all right come
on I need to tip me forward little girl
you're so funny I yell packed up as a
sweet tea for you promise to be good boy
of daddy okay mommy mommy is going later
with Lala yeah mom you have to pick up
Ian fumble bring them to their mommy
daddy first and then mommy Lala will
come over
we really miss the boys but it's given
Ayla and I a chance to just you know be
together your bond more concentrate on
one another guests just like this don't
come up a lot although I have to say
every night after I put a leash right
I drew climb back in Isaac's crib I
don't know if that's weird but I just
miss him so much that this antenna
two-speed asleep but it's not just that
it's because I kind of move around on
the way stable up so I it's just better
for me to sleep in a different room so
yeah I do have a excuse for that part of
me if we're looking like an absolute
armpit my hair is just a mess I'm just
gonna tie it up and point he'll just
haven't been feeling too well lately
because you guys know eisah was sicker
than Tim and I was so cocky about just
escaping it but I guess I could have it
really really missing the boys I'll be
joining them later we can be flying for
the very first time that I heard of once
in a lullaby do you like that one you
like looking at love me yeah all right
come on let's get up were part of you oh
hello cutie girl okay let's get upper
body you first oh you wanna look at
mommy do you wanna look at mommy
look at that little face
hi
okay come on
I need to tip me forward little girl
they're so funny okay you feel better oh
you like it you like everything come
when is almost it week then just a
couple days look how much bigger she's
gotten Queen is up I'm just in time
because I managed to do some packing
because we are headed off to Hong Kong
soon so there's been busy guys you're
not forgotten yeah
oh my goodness look at my dark circles
do you remember a little while back I
was like oh I don't even need concealer
anymore
um nothing a little make-up can't fix my
kidding
my eyes are our lost cause Oh sad I'm
running out of my Wonder Boy don't do
this to me you stay with me all right
Ayla is generally really really cleared
of her sleep at around six weeks she
started to sleep for long stretches up
to even seven for the past couple of
nights she hasn't been sleeping too good
because she had her vaccinations not
long ago you know a vaccinations it can
cause the baby to be a little bit more
not even that she's been grumpy it just
means she startled and her sleep a
little bit more the really cool thing
about her is she actually doesn't cry
out she doesn't cry all up I think she
might be happier to date because this
morning she unleashed a lot if you know
what I mean I went all the way up her
back I have to change my sheets and
everything you're like I can't see my
eyebrows the way I used to anymore I
feel like my eyebrows peaked
I wasn't looked its best when it was the
right 2014 and I have seen the wavy
brows right yes it's very artistic but
at the same time I've yet to see someone
walk out the street with the wavy boys
it's like we've come so far what per
price these days you know and then it
comes to this gonna be taking my mum and
my maternal grandparents out for dim sum
today since Ayla is taking a nap it
gives mummy time
so put a little bit makeup on I think
today I'm gonna do more about pinky
glowy look because I need the globe
mystical figure it is actually quite a
cool idea - you guys what's the weirdest
compliment you ever received and
actually asked on Twitter and some of
them are hilarious like for example
somebody was told they have really nice
fingers and if you know the other person
wanted it get a finger transplant
they'll ask them my question for you
guys is what's the weirdest compliment
you've ever received and again you don't
want anything but I'm going to choose
those few people and I guess you get
bragging rights my weirdest compliment I
received which I share to my cousin and
I'm gonna share you guys today was it's
actually quite recently someone wrote
Bob what's in your milk
have you ever bread your babies I would
buy one it's a good compliment but you
know it's pretty weird this is my pinky
look for today if you guys are wondering
for my eyes I used a pony effect
mmm beloved cream eyeshadow as a base
applied April as a wash over my eyes and
the modern renaissance palette I use a
finishing red to just darken up this
edges just a little bit this champagne
color I use us the inner corners as
highlight I feel like straight flat hair
is the trend which actually works really
well for me I think I'm just going to
curl my ends today I just remember why I
don't curl my hair very much it's a
total snoozefest why did I have the time
to just do my hair like every day back
then
it's just seems crazy oh it's actually
not a bad look
and they given Anna oh yeah
all of Anna hi girls oh la la like oh ma
lay hyung man that's it our but this
might be the last time she can wear this
dress is one of my favorites and she
only got to wear it twice and it's like
three to six months so she's already
busting out of her clothes
she's only made it to eat licks as well
aren't you only eight lakes but busting
out of your clothes her height is in the
25th percentile so pretty pretty average
but her head is like 75th percentile so
um yeah she's got a big head and then
her weight is like 95th oh I know
something's missing there we go much
better great thing about eating with
family free babysitters three
generations after my maternal
grandmother and then my mum and Alif I
am granny Bub's just waiting for her I'm
gonna be driving her to my sisters and I
just had them so much you guys know but
me bubs
um insists that I eat this giant bowl of
noodles no negotiations
but it is really good
