oh my gosh guys I'm eating Cheerios in
the morning because I'd rip those in
Dorian's so will come to us like hey
tomatoes
so Ruby Jean two cupboards Oh find it
okay and I'm eating it
how do you guys like eat your dreams I
like the Sun the cheese all right and
then slowly eat it just enjoying the
sunlight while I'm dying flappy bird and
I'm eating a sandwich numel off to make
friends again
oh wait oh wait
Hey Oh where'd that come from a popsicle
or
little fox he's so tiny so cute like a
little for finally have time to catch up
with your meal
Thank You Angie because I'm Jake into my
very first meet and greets like three
and a half years ago like do you
remember because I was a girlfriend a
puppy t-shirt I just want to say of
course I remember you
oh it's a summit like thank you for
sticking by me all these years
it is 20 past 1 and it's gonna be doing
some filming I'm just gonna be doing a
little bit of errands and then we have a
Chinese New Year celebration dinner
sup guys how's your days Portugal good
you meet did you see what to eat name
was Lola she was a showgirl these are
only two lines the song that I knew like
a little brownie guy I have it like
Tiger Balm in my I just kiss cuz I get a
lot of headaches and like it really
helps me Oh
strong stuff Tim is asking what we
should have for lunch and I'm like I
don't know I'm stuff I just said half a
bag of Doritos that's a thing about Hong
Kong guys because and I'll call you and
pretty much get any cuisine so it's like
dunno what to have first world problems
walk away
so I'll just lay my pork I like all
these alts like a Jewish boy I think
it's part so fail I'm just waiting for
Tim while he does some errands and right
now it is 3 o clock as always I have my
lemon water
detox detox Technica curry breathe deep
and right of course I have to get my
Singapore noodles no go check out all
the other day okay having dinner
question of the day is what do you want
to forget what's the point of writing at
night if you want to forget this hmm I
want to forget that ayat' has a big
packet of Doritos today we take the dogs
to Tim's granny's please end that
they're so tired
they just played with everybody the
create ideas you don't even care do not
fail me one of the best feelings in a
world has to be when you can sprawl
across your bed with your legs wide open
and no one's gonna judge you morning
from the angie's G oh wow step on my
crotch believe aha smack that get on the
floor shimmer it I like myself it's a
little tiger I should really have one of
the horse since today Chinese New Year
got something new Zeiss nasty
can you put against your head together
get X look it's like the size of your
head of me oh my goodness
computer bomb legs chicken I put them
where you know look what a beautiful day
it is my favorite
you peel my grandma my grandpa she ality
Walter potatoes and when work we have a
balloon and shiitake mushrooms and this
is what he call this Tompa
this is Tim's Kayode face after eating a
massive dinner he has so much fruit is
like she's got her own fruit stall I've
got mine goes a giant apple she's so
happy
tom is still under the table and spent
five minutes
Dom oh no like
we don't want to be I want to be me of
course
we are the best at being ourselves why
try to be someone else right now writing
is so ugly
