morning everybody this morning I'm
making congee again about the other day
we made pork rib congee today I'm making
chicken congee so it's kind of handy cuz
we had chicken leftover so people to use
it for today congee is ready add a bit
of soy sauce hmm yeah a nice smell hey
where's the other one I said mine out of
mine why is it not tan I'm greedy don't
cut your fingers yeah look how happy
this guy looks I don't even know what
he's doing but his tool kits out I've
just taken apart my ps3 we actually just
got them trimmed yesterday and it cost
so much more because as Chinese New Year
and they charge an extra thirty percent
but like haikyuu helix
again
like decorations for a Chinese New Year
little doing
we're 30 grand
Oh
like your friend's wedding today
I'm finally home from the wedding one of
the little joys in life is being able to
come home to your comfy home to your
family after a nice long day sit
great he loves putting his hip his butt
on my head look at that big booty butt
looks awesome from here I got my butt
mommy
i no wonder people think you look like a
girl with your puffed up little ears is
it weird that sometimes I like to sing
my dog
tickly tickly tickly tickly
jika jika me
Oh Grob Didion's give birth that Pokemon
- jiggly poof Tim bought me some DVDs
today and he got me some puppy ones cuz
he knows I like dogs as much as I do
like them I have to say nearly all of
them make me cry I have a feeling that
they are all going to make me cry a type
of exercise that's really good for your
arms shoulders and back pieces alright
so you just can't touch forward a little
just neutral back and just let your
weights drop side and just as you lift
your arms out - now I can't eat right
you're right fine and take it back
okay switch switch and believe me this
gets really tiring guys after works when
you're done doing this then it's pretty
 lift and then it's so tiring but
so good for right here the books that I
ordered actually came in though it looks
like I really have the time to read
lately but it's just to show you guys
and one of them is the delay devotion
and this is just an odd day by day and I
love devotions because I just you know I
like to read it either before I go to
bed or when I wake up and it just it
makes me start my day right and end my
day right and I also got Joyce mares me
and my bait Moy because I really do feel
like we do use our big Mars too much for
the wrong things that's what she said
now here is great day every day when the
curry and we have the chicken I actually
have chicken wings and also chicken
breast because two months the wings and
I want the breast so
let's uh pull from potatoes of course
carrot mushroom the natural yet it's all
you really need for hurry really curry
has thickened and ready to have dinner
yeah they need wonderful afternoon
because today is called a lean Yabba
which is pretty much 28 but a lot of
people a lot of Chinese people do is
they really clean or their apartment and
I really scrubbed and I scrubbed the
floors
I usually cleaned out the kitchen and
everything's at 9:00 feels really good
reason people clean out their apartments
because CLE night the dirt it's kind of
like getting rid of the bots look it's
not really that like you know we believe
it I guess it's kind of like a habit to
do this and yet the the part was
starting to look like a dumpster but
it's like everyday waiting for a traffic
light and the people are just ongoing I
can be so many people GE
