oh yeah to those we asked it's not that
almost scared of the camera it's that
he's scared of everything
lip tint lip tint toilet roll toilet
roll do you like that brushed against
your head good morning
I think today we're going to make some
healthy congee so the night before I
actually salted some pork and had fun
some pork ribs so put me using this to
make the congee one cup of rice pork
just wash the rice until the water is
completely clear while I let the water
boil I'm just going to prepare the other
stuff first so obviously I've got my
pork that I felt it overnight I have
some ginger I'm going to add this a your
abduch it so I filled with the pork last
night and I just gotta like rinse it off
rinse off the excess salt it should
still be marinated well here you see the
water has boiled so I'm going to turn it
lower just gonna add the pork into the
pond Phoenix off preserve duck eggs in
there throw in the ginger thank you goes
hi again I'm just gonna turn
I'm just gonna cook for about maybe an
hour but remember to stir it resolve and
so it doesn't get stuck in come on let's
go on play more honey
then I crunchy beautiful why don't you
try yourself
Oh
kanji have to be the number one comfort
food for me hmm
every so often I would crave a little
bit of chocolate so it did afraid to see
if there was anything there and there
was like a small little like Hershey's
chocolate and I could bite from it I
know I'm not the only one that thinks
this but Hershey's chocolates they have
a very little bear weird aftertaste
that's kind of like puke or like vomit I
was like why would anybody want to eat
chocolate but it's like pieces a little
like vomit so I looked up online and
actually a lot of people think this as
well I still have that aftertaste taste
like I just vomited anyway check it out
guys why does Hershey's chocolate taste
like puke Hershey's tastes like vomit
her she's classic milk chocolate seasick
moment Higgins he's the vomit flavor and
Hershey's why does Hershey's milk
chocolate is a big moment you guys get
the gist and apparently the taste is
actually so popular that people have
become accustomed to it but um yeah
other people eat it and they're like
this this taste is similar
come on down low sit down row some of
you guys ask
that's why do you guys not do daily
vlogs and you know we'd love to watch
you guys everyday I'm really honored
that you guys you know want to have us
in your lives every day but but I guess
I reason that we don't do deletloss is
because we really love blogging and
vlogging is something that we'd love to
do when we're free and you know what
happens is you know unfortunately we
don't always have the time to vlog and
obviously there's going to be some days
where you know we kind of enjoy just
spending the day without lifting the
camera so I guess it's kind of these two
readings mixed together and of course we
don't want to like have a whole daily
vlog thing put pressure on what we do
because I really do like it
to keep it this way but of course you
know you know we'll try to have as much
vlog for you guys but you know I know
you guys will understand this is where
um I lived for the first two years I was
in Hong Kong
this is actually my daddy's place here
very spacious apartment which is yeah
here's what it looks like outside really
pretty yeah oh he has a duck
he has spring onions and the cucumbers
like oyster sauce and wrap it up in a
thin pancake
and there's grannies and give it to your
favorite person
oh thank you honey I'm not watching Tim
heat it's so cute
but it is some happen then good ironic
she always had the unimpressed
you'd say yeah but you know what was
Sara
you stick with granny bub but the dogs
there's some so mini tree no no all
right
ah Linda got this to the post from her
sister oh he was inside the description
said oh oh oh that's got me hungry
of course oh is that what she works
boxes in Oh little doggy Lama oh oh
puddle oh this is so cute oh my gosh oh
come on oh he's enjoying his bone he's
enjoying his food okay buzz bought the
new audio sticks
oh look has ears even points a good way
down low does when you run looks like me
I'm your friend
ah we used to be best buddies but now
we're not I wish you would tell me why
do you wanna build a snowman it doesn't
have to be a snowman okay bah
