had an awesome awesome shower this what
happens when you're Meyer okay I was
taking a shower okay and then Tim comes
and he's like babe can I do here
we can talk and I'll like okay and then
he says all of that on his phone and
after he's like see ya sorry awkward
moment when a dog who dance better than
you can I can't stop watching this hmm
keeps crying do you want me to follow
you somewhere oh he wants to get on the
chair oh so silly
thank you sit on it good night well
afternoon guys so we're gonna be doing a
little bit of filling me today and Tim
is going to be the special guest ah
we're doing a turning my husband into a
woman for you and as much as I as much
as I'm looking forward to it I'm also
dreading it and when you guys watch a
video in the both Beauty Channel and you
guys will see why I'm sure highest hit
I'm ready before Tim but I just want to
share this very interesting and it's
called Bob's Beauty fun fiction so let
me tell you who's featured in this
kdrama um of course there's yours truly
me and Tim and also min-ho okay let me
stood in front of the mirror to give
herself one last treat to see it
shouldn't fine her hair was perfectly
quaffed into curls and her dark brown
eyes stared back at her in awash to look
at a rich burgundy color dress she was
prettier yield on as you read a car pull
up in the front porch
her heart was beating fast I should have
picked up and she sees a black limousine
waiting for her as she nervously opened
a door she suddenly Lee Min Ho and
patiently standing I have a car to come
a collector both of them all stressed as
they stared at each other
Lehmann who was dressed in a midnight
black suit his hair was styled in a
floppy yet sexy way mmm and upward
staring contest as if they film each
other's gaze on to Lindy broke it away
meanwhile Tim was at the venue best
friend he wasn't having fun on his heart
and it wasn't content of the rejection
than he had given him so there he saw
Lima no.1 Lindy both walking into
Devaney at the parent were against tim
was furious
her lips touch the world started
spinning and she felt like two being
lifted off the door oh whoa Tim's heart
shattered and two million pieces
unexpectedly chubby yep don't go over
there rush start off the front Gardens
and meet their mommies actually left him
for ours she embraced her two dogs very
hard and then looked up at Lehman who
who steps back why I'd what's wrong
Cindy asked concerned I'm allergic to
dogs
I never even knew you had those I'm
sorry I don't think this can work Lee
Min Ho sit here you cry I'll look after
you Lindy Olivia now look after me like
my dog are my own children and land then
the intensive happily ever after that
look beautiful
thank you so much Sahana this is really
cute we just finished filming um turning
my husband to do women and then had a
bit more fun and just committed other
stuff nice time for him to remove your
makeup you ready Wow I was quite a good
job on the new side I cannot pull those
every day
it looks like Vegas funny oh you look
like you got like a skinny no I like a
new job samatha face
it's currently almost half nine and a
half am eating it by five minutes it's
nicely eating my dinner
in here whether you like or not I'm
uploading this video right now and Tim
actually looks quite G in this thank you
notice hi Tim still hugging chubby and
she still doesn't let go of her burger
she's my precious baby girl right as
usual
curd amo I got mo you want some
currently ten past seven and you guys
should see Tim's outfit but first you
must look at my outfit first which is
just like a like a denim shirt and a red
vest top but yeah he's your outfit
inspired by no one how do you look like
one of those like couple by Yona punch
perfect
I did not have any growth ami chubby did
you make a mess when we go home edgy
say I'm a mom I'm not going to fall for
this just like shaking it's okay oh no
she was shaking it she was really cute
you're no batter you put it all over the
apartment you cheer like little monsters
yeah especially you stop people have
attention okay he's a bad one
so buy one step forward so here is it
he's a bad one you have to see what I
got look this brings back memories
notice that yes you don't deliver this
little black cat inside a little I'm
like okay so cute
sorry about the hotness better look
right now but I guess I should be
keeping that I think is a pretty
wonderful project for 2014 and I want
you guys know very soon what it is
because I want to like share the process
if you guys why is it that inspiration
comes to most before you go to bed so
I'm going to go to bed nine I shall feed
somewhere guys like a cozy eunuch
you still pretending to be shy you Nkosi
chubby
