chubbie is giving me to death stairs I
just woke her up
well you're my bitch
you like your stretches don't you there
you go good morning boo hey I feel a
little better
sorry just become you water helps me
feel better for my throat thank you guys
for your get well wishes it's really
nothing really I think it's just like a
like a simple cold it's just just like I
would do it you know brand new one comes
back to me which in some place really
except it's not
I love Sundays because it is my favorite
favorite like because it is a day of
rest so my question for you is what is
the favorite day of the week for you and
why my night Tim is are getting his car
serviced so and he's taking a bus home
let me show you the picture hmm guys we
are having a China hi cuisine so of
course we're gonna need dumpling and I'm
having like a soup face noodles with
pork it's funny hi new films so this is
the face you guys normally see on the
vlog but then this is the face what is
it to be I get ya babe that's not how
you call your legs are crossed earlier
when you were talking on your hand your
fingers you playing your toes yes cross
your legs
I play your toes again yes secretiveness
while you're talking
so far has been a productive afternoon
um so somebody actually asked me this
today and she asked mom so I haven't
even
loading Bob speedy videos in the past
three days and as you guys may notice
normally I try to upload at least once a
week but lately I've just you know
honestly guy I've just kind of been
having a brain fart and I just been
lacking inspiration so I just don't have
force it you know guys and you know I
believe that inspiration will come when
it comes
but I did get to fill in this video
today and hopefully it will be up soon
while I'm importing some videos into my
computer let's bring some of your
letters okay so this letter is from
Singapore oh oh oh this is adorable
so fast as well okay so this is the
letter Joyce I'm really glad you enjoy
my vlogs and I'm so glad that they do
something for you and I'm so proud of
you for just being so hard-working at
school just stay focused on remember
what you're in school for okay when I
was in university I just didn't get on
with people on my class Thursday for I
would go in and not talk to any of my
classmates like at all I know it can be
tough and it can get lonely but some be
focus really does paid off you know
school is not a place for people to be
popular in to mess around so it just a
focus that I promise you you will be
okay I'll - Christmas card it's donate
to still get Christmas cards in spite
being in chanmi this one is from the
Netherlands oh it's gonna break the
inside beautiful Sophie thank you so
much for your letter and if you're
watching it I just want to say I'm
really really really proud of you so we
haven't seen him all day
hi what's your day honey Oh
just keep still theses his car about my
rear here just grabbing some fish and
Tim ordered
having a she's in her awesome what are
you doing here for yourself are you in
trouble
pick the edge of my bed morning guys
so last night it really wasn't that
great cuz Oh children like Tim I mean
I'm I'm all in recovering but after five
minutes like piss off huh can I like to
spray a night so went in like right here
at my shoulder is like this so like
that's why it's so stiff though what I
normally try to do is I take my arm
right I'm gonna kind of like just very
subtle I take my my elbow like this
hopefully very slowly Tim feels my elbow
like slapping its face so normally he
would just piss off but last night he
was just like a piece of magnet and and
you know choppy was in this side right
in this area so I was like oh here we
have um cheese bread
Tim is free right them so I have to try
it so I don't disappoint him the weight
should be sleeping
look at her she's hugging the bhikkhu
she look like you care honestly my
father go eat this in the most sexual
seductive way for an advert where do you
want to travel next I wrote honestly I
want to visit community again and is it
so much I feel so thankful we had such
an amazing honeymoon I'm going to take
this outside for a walk at crazy o'clock
Lord is ready shall we hear it tell me
hey hey okay sit hey show me high five
tell me high five bye bye Toby sit sit
