that's not even looking at the honey I'm
looking in your big butt Oh carry on he
can everyone double come on you can do
it son
she's sitting on the wheel Chevy look
yeah okay so today's question that I'm
unfair today because the 10th restaurant
something that inspired you today that's
quite a good question hmm what inspired
you today was hard it's just because
your book there's funds IRA was reading
my viewers letters really inspired me I
felt super loved episodes with what I do
makes me want to continue to be a good
person I was trying to like share
something that's very inspiring I was
just trying to never mind
is it coming night is it coming out yet
is it turtleneck II
No good night guys horrible morning guys
today I woke up and it feels like
there's a tiny person inside my throat
of a chainsaw and he's just like oh so
I'm gonna drink this hot water and
drawing this tiny person
tiny the dead little person oh I
remember I didn't stay really well last
night but I'm so thankful I got sleep I
actually dreamt that I adopted a little
monkey last night so that was a really
cool dream haha I know I shouldn't be
having this since Emsworth throat but
hey Yolo
that may be the only time I've actually
used that word now I know why I should
never say it
Mary thank you for your off some
postcard I decided that I'm gonna fill
up my entire fridge with your postcards
seems pretty easy crazy very powerful
you ready to go walkies are there longer
knees on or something you're not you're
a little bit when I'm wearing like this
okay you've got the cold and then yeah I
go like do you deserve to get a cold
then yes you don't get the cold room
being bald I got you
okay then walk right in it kit for ten
minutes you see you got the call because
put on a pair of friggin jacket I like
the little stunt doggies make when
they're food kinda tell when the dogs
need to poo because the butthole gets
erect like a bulges out and you just
know Jamal the height lies how second
can be eager now let seem colors
something baby time for to be deeply
personal is pretty key such a beautiful
day
take the salt I trail walk lemon and
honey water for my sore throat and for
lunch I'm having chicken celery sound
wait what are you having any I'm gonna
have a russian poisk sit class in sperm
and egg with noodles mm-hmm
watch another just looks gross to me
good where's your fob no one else's all
night I will they be the wrong one what
is this Timothy's ruined anyway
I like this cartoon she's mad that he
has like porn guess what guys JAMA and
Emma are back again we're sure I can't
find her face there you go apparently
you spray this typical stuff Gallagher
hi Anna watch the magic I should say doh
I quite like it cuz um it's not like
greasy or there's an ad a very
disturbing uh-huh work see it looks
exactly the same ha ha ha hi honey have
a good day goodbye honey have a safe day
I hope all folks just leave as I
suspected
I knew you'd freak forgot something it's
going to 8 p.m. and Tim is off to have
dinner with some it's a girl I think
it's like a groomsman meeting thing cuz
he's not big room ceman for one of her
friends weddings time for mommy to get
fitted and the part till wykel's on you
talk room
it's actually quite nice when I'm too
slow here I mean I'm not the one who's
here obviously but it's quite nice that
some me to me time see it's still
whitening for no reason amirite ah Jenny
did it ham right Daria boss just minding
my own business doing my own thing and
this is what I get
you sure you don't see me get hit at any
juicy
