good morning guys um for breakfast I'm
just having a chinna's sandwich today
feel like tuna so today I am reading
back to Jackie
I really enjoyed you later on I also
really enjoyed the picture that you
included I'm so glad that they love each
other so much
Haiti me well which Harry Potter
character argue let's begin the quiz
checker guys I'm Albus Dumbledore not
only are you incredibly intelligent
you're also good at dishing out sage
advice you have a bit of a ambitious
dark side but ultimately you're all
about the power of love afternoon
everybody today we're heading to central
morning in the morning it's 1221 eating
a full yorkshire roast pudding and for
some reason she's getting more food tell
him what you have here any what's a ro
nut nut
and inside got cream under chocolate on
it
that's ticket where we walked three Hong
Kong why is it really sweet what would
you give it
hi we are gonna watch frozen hopefully
I'm so Liam watching this and we
actually have free tickets which makes
it even better so even if it sucks which
I doubt it will it's free all right with
dr. Cochrane and also free popcorn
drinks
Larry hey honey
it's not on the movie so we're gonna
wait till next week to watch when I was
just walking Network store and epic
stories I can spend like forever just
walking around here don't forget - Hong
Kong
almost home looking forward to taking my
dump pushy remember that I have new meal
from you guys so I decided check it on
check it guys
hmm and this is - this one has to be Tim
and this one has to be me ah I think
Chris is so cute thank you so much I'm
on top for your letter I hope it to
memory are and I just feel really
honored that you see me as a best friend
so thank you for exhausting me it's
always really nice when you guys show me
what you look like but when you include
you know your family and you know the
people and the little furry friends and
my Gertie it's just so cool in fact for
me thank you
like any member here's a game you play
with your dogs
Jimmy hey Oh where'd it go where'd it go
yay hey did I throw was it me or did I
not say who a brown one earlier
I have feel it burn oh my gosh burgers
she keep talking
we will not laugh I'm feeling well
prevent us from life to the fullest
see if your cough really started with me
I notice kind of looks like puke right
now it's just tuna avocado and Victor 2
again I just really like eating Trini
lately tips cooking dinner for himself
as well I have dinner for one honey
you're cooking for yourself I did offer
to cook for you
I cut win look how the music goes with
the dogs as they beg for food
yeah
okay you've earned it telly you're too
happy so move you suit it more um honey
aren't you cooking for one just to show
you guys how big this is guys this is
white deep it is this is it is compared
to chubbies are you enjoying you right
buddy you'll finish it I'll try this
picture is from Debbie and she took it
herself
that's really nice that you like to
share you know what your home looks like
it's gorgeous trying to think where I
should put this fly Tim why hey I'm
gonna put it right here right next to
the Eiffel Tower still working on it
after one are you think he and actually
friend in it eggy finish that honey I
will give you $1,000 this is so cool
this is the 365 questions a five-year
journal Vicky thank you so much for this
this is such a pretty book I think it's
a meaningful as well look at it this
would be 2014 and the next year 2015 16
17 18 I love this previous questions we
have you're lucky hi still on high knots
and today was tough because oh I'm gonna
enjoy writing on this it's gonna be so
cool we go back to this apparently the
picture that I uploaded looks as if I've
got four toes you know what you guys
you're not wrong
