you and some Goss eyes I hope give me
high five for my that's it what you fell
for it no more no more tongue look you
tell me you two are as lazy as each
other today have no idea why these days
clicked uh-huh
your other day here let's chilling get
licking he's up here though or chubby
this uploaded a new flock and someone
wrote seriously where can I find a tomb
that made some very happy girl and he
feels a lot better guys must be from my
magic soup hmm I feel better you know
that today was a productive date and I
just washed my hair and oh you know guys
sometimes there's days where you you
know you need to wash your hair you know
you just go like this let me smell your
fingers in a sail
I need to wash my hair and I smells like
raspberries
yeah I could play at my time someone's
enjoying the in scrub he just invented
invented something you know his face
that he always makes guys to everybody
well it's a mixture of Timmy under so
it's called
yeah this is your first picture of
yourself what Instagram almost not
impressed yeah this goes on for about
half an hour but can i everybody
starting my day with bacon and eggs oh
wait
mmm-hmm setting my morning reading your
letters guys look sign savvy so could
you go oh no
so so far from this box these are all
off your letters that I have read so far
and um I I feel really bad guys because
I know I probably won't be able to
respond to all you guys I hope you guys
don't get mad at me because I know if I
were with someone I'm dating rip I would
be a little bummed I but I just want to
say I really do appreciate each and
every letter guys it's to be a dull
hearing you're so cute oh this is really
nice Flint you're so talented thank you
so much for your pictures I love them
what's that what's that oh this one
looks handmade and it says Lindy making
this card I did star the sparkles
because you're like a start at sparkles
and makes people are when you shine and
sparkle - that is so sweet
thank you so much you wanna it's always
a good day when I clean my makeup
brushes on what I like to do is I like
to roll the ends of a tile like this is
so is elevated and then I just kind of
press and dab the brush this is take off
the excess and tray and if it's a dual
ended brush I just lie it flat or what
you do is you just clean one end each
time
someone's tired oh you're done reading
whoa I stopped beautiful egg yolk like
us in the sunset and I rush to get my
camera and it's gone it's amazing how
fast it goes guys so appreciate it so I
just filmed a get ready with me video
and the crazy thing is normally it takes
me like less than 30 minutes like to get
ready you know everything but then like
because you're filming it it took me
like three hours like no kidding
last night Tim McCourt McDonald and I
think it was like 4:00 a.m. or something
but I don't know why but I woke up and I
ate chicken and now my face is kind of
puffy today you ever noticed that every
time you eat like McDonald's or anything
that's really salty
your face is balloons up tell me that
you're innocent like Menendez is your
smell be look angle is everything
whoa angle really is crazy belief so it
is only 7:00 p.m. and I can't be fickle
oh do you guys know what feels better
than a removing makeup answer is not
very much not very much
dumb oh I saw what you did you have
tried to hump chubby twice today
once I was like okay but second time is
no you can't do if I can smell the aroma
of the spices a little mission hood even
guy
I like this song this song makes me want
to wear red lipstick and be dangerous
muffin we're dancing in a club yeah
treat another round
Tim is great right because I say that
sends the master grater
hahaha please never use bathroom
I'm a professional I mastered reading
look at this look at all that cheese
how's my pillow
