I had a dream last night I dreamt that
ice off the work like I was on the lift
in Hogwarts castle McDonough could see
Thor about lovers cousins not other live
yes ma'am I dreamed it did a little
tired guys I noticed one thing and when
you're being lazy you actually get more
tired rather than you be productive and
going all day long
hey guys like Wendy's or whoa
she's there we have to wait for a
parking space so while we're waiting
let's eat but crunches hey I'm Jenna my
you can't even tell I think actually it
looks pretty obvious or you're clumping
right that's why you're farting
what a G hmm
this is how we have fun motorway near
where a parking space
enjoying your sushi honey yeah I
remember my sister said that guy looks
like you this what with long hair no
it's not possible
do you guys think that looks like tube
if he had long hair she took oh
tim is gonna get his hair cut today I
was thought I'll be bored but there's TV
for me
we're gonna quit so this is from Hillary
thank you so much Hillary look so happy
and cute you've even seen Thommo and
chubby and there's meantime you'll go
right here from my on Hillary Oh all the
Christmas decoration is gone do you guys
like Tim haircut share everybody honey
listen fit what let's kick and get
looking
I can get you something well don't get
me you're like this white hmm that's
really good honey
good job honey oh I have no appetite
okay
very sexy yeah Tim really Tim yeah yeah
it'd make me not funny how do you do it
you're getting really good this fish
finger even better than me no moment are
you saying this so you don't have to
cook this all the time I'm not only
you're the best at the station yeah even
shop he agrees
Oh sir
Ashly Wiley you want guys if you're
having a crappy day I'd guaranteed this
will make you smile this is a little
Corgi that balances like various objects
on it so here we have corn a bottle off
as at wine or champagne freakin milk
oh so cute some boxes and you look so
happy as well not football so cute I
want a cork you know so happy whoa whoa
whoa Mike that takes skill seriously see
what's not fun go raspberries is my
current favorite fruit right now I don't
know how can your raspberries but you
know how there's a hole in here you tell
I've been doing I had to put my finger
in so it's like this and then man
isolate this no one looks like that bit
all wrong mmm it's extra delicious try
it guys click this man it
come on Connolly hungover ha ha I have
an after perk of in my heart happy Nana
pancakes and raspberries and
strawberries again I'm watching Parks
and Recreation this is Tim's ultimate
hangover cure a glass of milk and a
banana
Wow
there you go - oh I know cuz you brought
home someone looks like - yo me in our
hike
you look great Brighton either way honey
did you have another play are you having
fun no was it worth all the drinking oh
good
never ever what are you thinking uh
straight
so if any of you guys suffer from dark
circles on a product that I actually
have been using for years and that I
really like is that right up Donelle I
mask so it does it eliminates dark
circles and tightens I Sona everytime
uses I feel like my under eye area does
um bit brighter so um yeah this is
pretty cool look at stumbles I just woke
up face
yep she's eyeing a banana yep still
looking at the bananas good thing we
made a big portion of this last night
because we can have it again for dinner
and I just gotta hear it up how are you
feeling
I'm loving this right now I I feel so
great you know I feel invigorated
