Damo hey hey Domo Domo Domo Domo Domo
Domo Domo Oh cheeky little thing you're
not much better chubby wake up wake up
why chubbie get off the Hoos radar he's
moody this morning I'm actually doing a
hot milk in the morning actually feels
pretty good morning honey breakfast for
my man awesome wifey I'm ready to work
as well let's eat first
make it typical for this guy to rush me
to get ready when he's still half
dressed we're going in - uh I hate being
behind a buffalo that's wound straight
through our eye reminds me of some final
definition so what was your highlight of
no really sometimes and I send that guy
and just people watch you ever do that
honey no why so I watch it over the
fence I feel like I'm like is just like
a people but you don't realize that you
know we're all through diamonds you know
we all have stories we're not little
puppet so you know everybody has their
own stories to tell
I'm ha banging hmm be Fredo hmm Tim is
having mine's a tuna with beef
tenderloin I finish all of mine cuz it
was really good
myristate Alex wrong money when you cut
into it's going woo
we just had dinner and I were gonna go
buy some sausages yeah
had a really kid we were clearly I keep
seeing people poster 2013 like
highlights with their Instagram pictures
so I thought I will what sorry Chevy
wants to get in the shop so I thought I
will do mine but let me just show you
instead why is ty here right oh oh I
couldn't aged I got married but still
why is Kai at the front I can't use this
obviously we actually got some of these
red pocket envelopes and we thought
we'll get this one because I can I keep
this Chinese New Year is coming up
looking at Tim's baby foods okay looks
like a little fare
really doesn't he look like an alcohol
you're addicted honey hey normally I
would give you sympathy honey but
because you've told me you've been sick
like at least 20 times a day
you have no sympathy hello Elmo
gives you some gum don't give him any
another part of mine I'm not a girl to
be cool tonight stop it Domo he'll be
trying to sleep I gotta Joey Joey Joey
Joey Joey my god
going in my heart Joey in my look guys
you've actually shaved thing appoint him
you guys always ask is why does he
always have a pedo stache but Tim has
actually been mistaken as a girl quite a
long time that's why you grow a mustache
sometimes they say Oh series days you'd
be like what quite funny you look like a
girl you look in a sec another girl I'm
afraid pretty facial features the heat I
do you want to die
Dumbo you're pundit we're
I know Shiv half of it a lot the other
huh mama wants to play on him so cute
what
hmm refreshing is cool the more it is
all ear pluck and yet Tim and I are just
gonna be selling off I think the plan is
to we're going to some like outdoor
place to just have like drinks and to
eat and just away for the ball a drop I
wasn't actually gonna go because I just
haven't been feeling too good but I
thought hey you know it's Year's Eve I
should actually really do something
about it oh look at the size of those
Christmas balls everybody
before the ball drops finally home do my
shake my hair stinks like smoke
I have drinks spill all over me my feet
hurt I do not miss partying at all guys
I'm happy being a homebody I know to be
fine we've been ah what's so happy to be
home guys and the first thing that I'm
super thankful for 2014 is the mega long
hot shower that I had it is washed up
pink e-cigarettes smell and the drinks
table spilled on me I'm a lot of fun and
being able to talk to friends but I
really feel like New Year parties are so
overrated for small to traffic and quite
difficult it is to get home and get all
the drunk people and there's a glass on
the floor it's just such a factor I
think the mafiosi
Happy New Year thank you for being in my
life even if you put your foot to my
face
