oh so tim has been well for the past
week so today I'm gonna be good wife I
may consume and healthy vegetable broth
soup I wonder if you guys have met any
new resolutions and I wonder how your
year has been and you guys look forward
to 2014 I mean like sometimes people are
like oh you know 2013 has been such a
bad year I just I'm just so looking
forward to a new beginning and I can see
that is true but I always think you know
tomorrow is just another day and when
you think like that to go you'll just be
saying the same thing next year so just
try to enjoy every day I think you
should just call the tree living every
day with gratitude I always say this
right now is a moment not only truly
exist I got my to move have my celery
here and I'm going to prepare to meet
there so here I have some chilled pork
lean meat no throw me here and fill it
up with water man I have this is a good
thing is you bootleggin of the many
veggies as you in one
if there is anything I disliked healing
it would have to be potatoes and you've
such a huge mess you guys have no idea
Tammy can you clean up okay
he said yes just leave everything hey
good look like eunuch why so glum Chum I
have healthy vegetable soup and it's
really delicious
no subtle or anything needed so it is
currently half one I just remember that
few nights ago I had this dream Anna my
trip I was in a fight and I was losing
so what I did was I screamed like
physically to force myself to wake up
and I reminded me of all the other times
that you know I would force myself to
wake up from all my other nightmares um
yes so I've always been pretty proud of
the fact that I'm a lucid dreamer and I
want to know if there are many lucid
dreamers out there basically your lucid
dreaming whenever you are aware that
you're dreaming remember I got this as a
secret sauna present so let's see it in
action
some beta yeah yep he went like to get
food like this huh I'm cold
nothing nothing's wrong see that's the
thing about Hong Kong like really people
really don't care like truthfully they
really don't guys you're both kind of
drazi
because you gave me your Flay Sharon
Kerry Tim relies on tehy like drinks as
if he's like an all he goes everywhere
with this and I wakes up he's like I
didn't I need it
African sea coconut cough mixture all
you do is right I'm insecure five
minutes Ernie that's not a very good
advert
what a Harry Potter I'm on a total movie
movie racy marathon tonight I need
shepherd's pie there's nothing like a
nice hearty meal on a cold winter's day
I'm so excited for this look at that
so let's cut into this is they're eating
chubby has gone crazy first thing in the
morning with a slipper she's been
running in circles with it and devil
wants to play with it but of course he
can't get near her I think she wants you
to throw it honey yeah this will be a
while I'm just gonna eat first thin
honey just like because peasants I'm
gonna do an experiment so I'm gonna
blend these strawberries first I just
blended some yogurt with that high I'm
gonna make ice smoothies look at that
I'm ready to shove this in a freezer not
I thought we're lucky yes this year
we're not what you think it is what you
think it is well it is it's fragile
finding stuff
Oh nigga stop oh thank you honey
Wow underwear today behind everybody but
I have it thank you honey
Merry Christmas so today one of my
girlfriend's has her Bridal makeup and
hair trial so I'm just gonna go and yeah
she needs a honest girlfriends opinion
cookie symbol so it looks like although
I think experiment deck I shall mm you
don't like this yummy mmm okay so maybe
I didn't feel a lot much I still taste
is really good guy I'm ready to read
your letter look at all of that I
thought last time with a lot but this
time is even more I'm excited and an
all-nighter it is
