is so nice
you're one Direction's blasting our to
light it's only for you five for me
hi beautiful let's go back to sleep dogs
I have a problem guys
I can't get out of bed because it's too
warm can't nobody hold it sir well
played in this morning I feel like a
healthy smoothie banana is inside
put two spoons of natural yogurt a
little bit of water why I can enjoy my
delicious healthy smoothie after the
doctor off to get their bath Tim laughs
did you work and then home alone I'm
just kidding it's more like when I say
I'm so hungry you guys asked both are
you pregnant
when I say oh I'm so tired you guys
asked me buzz are you are you are you
pregnant
really guys I really do something
exciting
how did you guys heard of winter hunger
strikes this is what some a nice
conversations on what's up girl like
it's I'm hungry are you hungry
edit good I'm a crumb linger but when
I'm at Singapore noodles it's like where
am I gonna find you that such a nice bit
of your day and get something so excited
first
mmm it is good what's good food I have
to pick up our dog I miss him so much
it was only three hours
you smell nice the smell I think that
whoa looks like a marshmallow or a loaf
of bread
you're pretty yeah like a baby
you're a baby hmm or burro your head in
the armpit tonight we're having dinner
at Tim's grandparents this is my
grown-up coat because it makes me feel
sophisticated even though I got her from
like the kids section like a Tim run
it's so bizarre
we've lived here well not here but we
lived upstairs so right after going
grocery shopping we just go home so cold
today guys someone's walking by I'll
continue talking to myself but cool we
are going to use an electric blanket
because we need to kappa haitch IV is
the right as well I think she's cold
what morning is like here Oh Philip um
animals so much is fighting her leg and
he's kicking her fake nails I have my
breakfast congee only the best breakfast
in the world somebody asked me and what
is one thing that you look for doing the
most in 2014 yeah you always eat mine
was to finally use my new daily journal
we call them doubt with you but we dip
this oh well good delicious morning
I'm up reading your letters to get
comfort alert time you guys blow me away
and this is a little something that
preset to me whatever direction you may
be heading in life remember you do not
have to get the highest paying most
notable job right there at the biggest
companies to be successful don't be
afraid to stay from the conventional
path that everyone follows don't be
afraid to be different
to be judged to be criticized to make
mistakes you need to experience a
learner to move forward in life inspire
yourself to change as beautiful as
ratings over here letters that's what
I'm so cute this same year very funny
they also have a cup of tea so don't
worry oh you're so cute girl like I got
a heart dude but watch my with smaller
I'm just
this is what Hong Kong ads hurts like
for a Mel Carter no wonder we're under a
pressure like everybody these are all of
your Christmas cards from around the
world like I pretty it looks 60 it's an
editing embed kind of night ah the bezel
warmed up from the heated bed that's
good or your news guys all right so I
was kind of bummed off with YouTube
because they were I keep getting errors
you know when I upload videos so I - do
I want to kick you in another YouTube
and my friend Jessica was like I'll help
you and I'll like you kick the left ball
oh I'm innocent I'll kick the right one
but it ended I'm writing I'll lick them
no I did not mean that yeah so that's my
typo off today
can i everybody
