this guy can fall asleep doing anything
afternoon guys so today I'm off to me a
friend for lunch this is how chubby
rolls so I'm out with my friend pearl so
we're just taking a moment to enjoy the
Hong Kong skyline it's actually pretty
cool today sometimes like people like
watch me and check out all the food just
got Christmas card from Tim's parents we
should see the card guy but wait look ha
isn't it beautiful
did you miss mommy and cheese dinner and
an incision it's hot
oh he doesn't like the camera camera
eating who is nice a relaxed see a nice
halt stop licking the bathtub oh ho I'm
trying to move around with my class my
bitch ba ba ba I can edit it out but
it's awkward seeing myself so let's play
the hassle and nip slip would be very
embarrassing yes what this I need a spot
telling when you got sponge do this and
baking and say goodbye
all the things are thankful for today
I'm thankful for hot water look at your
little face I think she wants to go
outside ten o'clock it's freezing though
oh um fine I'll know and wraps up here
but bald and I'm like this I'm too lazy
to put some trousers on chilly second
thoughts I think it's a free to wear
something a little longer stitch sorry
I tied I froze my pizza but like a happy
they look so it's so worth it
hmm hmm you have to like that
yeah you're good at it can you solder me
can you stop yeah I'm tired too chubby I
feel like with chubby she understands
what I'm saying yeah I'm saying girl
usually I judge how cold the weather is
depending cartoon dresses so these
weren't as Kiku it must be cold
hello everybody I feel so refreshed
after an ice bath and today I checked
the peel box after a week and I cannot
believe a guy I have a bunch of your
letters let me show you check out all
these guys so excited christmas came
early so I remember being oh I forgot a
packages as well so I'm gonna start
reading now and hopefully I won't cry
you are absolutely gorgeous by the way
Frankie and he seems so cute
I always expect a lot of girls write to
me but you know when guys write to me
it's just really really nice as well
thank you so much creeper sending your
photo with a bright no my day let's
share some of his photography look at
pop guys isn't that pretty and he's
actually wrote little comments at the
back as well
you
you
so I said I'll try not to cry but
obviously it was just oh it was
impossible it was really nice thank you
so much guys thank you for seeing me
more than a youtuber and you know seeing
me as a sister alright thank you guys I
you know like so I'm gonna be letters
some of them are really long and I just
know that like you guys put a lot of
effort to write each word and it is
really really appreciated like I feel
like I'm scatterbrained and I don't know
what to say guys but yes thank you so so
much
it was a poem there was a lot of
drawings there was your little Hannah me
little gifts and accessories there's
just so much and they're just so so
precious to me I'm so confused
is there a reason you're lying on your
back a little toy look I just spent your
letters into this box and I'm ready to
read them all over again my bedroom all
nice and cozy what am I gonna call cold
a snuggle and I guess even though it is
cold
at least the cold weather it's going to
help to disperse the pollution so we
need that Hong Kong
you
