and then hello everybody its bucks so
it's time for another ask both videos so
let's get your torta questions started
number one what is your favorite food
this one's pretty easy let's ask him Tim
what is my favorite food
there's no sushi if there is a type of
food that Kenny every single date not
get bored it would be Japanese cuisine
because I love sushi and I love seven
yes
I don't ramen what is my ideal clip for
a date a park with lots of dogs and ice
cream buns and swings so a park really
number one tip on being positive I think
it would be to focus on gratitude so
whatever happens just see the light in
the situation there is a treasure and
every trial so in every trial you go 3
yeah I third learn something or you know
you grow stronger 3 items I he would say
when your house is on fire
Donald chubby and Tim does not come to
my laptop would be one thing I live with
my on top next thing would be my phone
my third thing it would be hmm I guess I
guess my passport you never get a
possible reason why exactly would you
rather be able to meet your ancestors or
be able to meet your great-great
great-great grandchildren
wow that's really good question I think
I would like to meet my ancestors I just
think I'll be interesting to learn from
my fellow ancestors you know how I came
along if you want an all-expense-paid
trip to any three places real or
fictitious where would you go why I go
to real when you could go fictitious so
I would say Hogwarts castle to Tardos
secret den and Pokemon lands
you know what they wrong how do you see
yourself in 10 years time 10 years time
hopefully I'll have children back in UK
doing something that's meaningful for me
so hooli write it I would have released
a book or something and yeah painting
again what is the question you wish
others would ask you a question that I
like someone to ask me it's a question
that I like to ask other people a lot
and it's what is your fair thing about
today and I think you know a lot of us
we need to you know take a moment to
think of my god you know what are the
awesome things that happen that day what
was like when you first started off with
YouTube what tips and advice would you
give for someone just starting lives
hopefully there's like a few guys you
guys stuck by me from the very beginning
and you wouldn't notice that I would
have been in a quite shy a little
nervous more shaky and just a bit more
awkward in front of the camera you know
that's totally normal so it took a
little bit of time before I got
comfortable in front of the camera my
advice I would give is just to take it
easy to enjoy it
don't become obsessive numbers you know
sometimes people come on YouTube and you
know they want someone so subscribers or
sorts of ease of course it's nice to
know someone's watching your videos but
I think the number one choice dealer
when I come to videos is getting caught
with numbers something very useful that
someone told me was don't concentrate on
growing
you know big masses of success or you
know money concentrate on throwing fake
people and that's a lot of sense to me
do you think you're raising your accent
I think definitely compared to a few
years ago my accent definitely isn't as
strong as I used to be of course me
living in Hong Kong you know it's
probably going downhill since I speak a
lot of Chinese I'll load up being said
every time I go back to northern
ireland's supposed to leave my actually
gets a lot stronger so I
depends a I'm with I mean it's kind of
hard for me to grasp on this fact but
actually a lot of people don't
understand me when I talk so especially
in my Bubbe's beauty videos there are
some words that I have to you know put a
little bend to it usually I could say
I'm taking a shower but I would have to
say shower you know I would say what are
but sometimes I would have to save one
hour what are the differences between
Tamil and chubby and who do you prefer
that is come on guys I mean like what
the Froyo of course I love them both
because they're both my dogs although
they are very different actually guys
might have noticed double is my toy
poodle and he's very quiet
he's very serene he likes to be coddled
and he scares easily and he's just a
very good-natured dog and he gets on
with like a lot of different children he
likes to play of different dogs like a
baby so chubby is my toy pomeranian and
what's different about her is she's
really yappy because she's a palm and
she's bit more of a drama queen she's
very pretty and I think about chubby I
guess is she understands my commands
more so when I talk to her I feel like
we're more in tune it's probably because
we're both girls apart from dumb oh
she's scared of most other jokes
although as she loves her loves playing
with people so she's very loyal
why is him always sleeping in your vlogs
maybe we should that Tim unser this
watches like really what do you like
most about yourself so it doesn't say
physically or mentally so I'm going to
say both so mentally would definitely be
hmm
I tend to see the light in most
situations so I'm like that about myself
and physically would probably be my
nipples
when you say you're extroverted or
introverted well nobody is totally one
thing or the other
I must have more of an introvert because
I like to have as small cried I am kind
of a homebody I like being at home
nothing said I wouldn't say I'm shy I
have no problem meeting new people but I
again I'd say I'm more of an introvert
so these are your questions answered on
today's ask folks video thank you guys
so much for asking and watching and you
have any questions remember to ask me
through Twitter I shall see easting fine
money this is hard
chubbie rules
