dog versus boots the bike 230 and I and
I'm hungry so I shall have a banana
because banana and ever let's eat dying
actually no way to eat a banana and
public will buy it attracting some sort
of attention there's been honest not
ripe enough if it's still too hard look
at them they look like they're taking a
portrait it's okay to feed your dog
bananas don't worry guys but just wait
them too much because you know it is
sugar even if it's frick sugar we're
getting potassium yeah I'm not shooting
at eat them oh hi what I'm gonna do
ah
okay rascal
yeah happen to you
don't look at me of those eyes
12 minutes to go and he think Normie
for all you know your jerk though it is
not a real game you got for the wiki
about to then a three-minute reward then
a fine thing coming ha ha with this tool
then we shut up this is an intervention
you should not go to bed at 10:00 a.m.
10:00 all right got higher bomb in your
nose then wake up we rise of it because
it's really beep fire mom on your
forehead so Bernie that's your forehead
sting no next time you don't wake up I'm
putting on your bolts
Oh someone's like a hedgehog straighter
because he said he'll wake up on two
conditions
one if I make Dhamma bark which never
happens because Domo double is a non
barking dog and two if I can fart okay
so I have a chance to fart on his face
like right and up close and I can do it
I feel like I let myself down because I
had the opportunity and I couldn't do it
I think because I was nervous for fun I
decided to follow my friend Jason and
Cassie and the googling thing and we
have this so according to google as my
friend Erin also says I am a rich
Chinese Korean virgin who may be
pregnant
more and more mordern did she pay my
intro from now on instead of that money
or I should think maybe morning I should
not sing I'm all ready to get my hair
cut my hair is just getting like a
little flat and you can see my fringe
it's like so long so I always have to
fake it whirl it like this and then tuck
it behind the ears
check out that whole fun Punk is really
rice noodles and stuck hey can you hurry
and cranny we're hungry okay oh oh oh
get a room let's roll away you're so
mean please get her friends litter
it was kid it's cute out here you see
that's all
hello aim would like Oh even my friend
was like cyber and remember Cypress
Eagle River my friends know he'll assign
an assign stick together in the blood
there you know something you can take me
out of the farm or you can take me out
of my blood
oh look at that that's why I got my Hong
Kong they always have cool Christmas
displays and their shopping centers
we're keeping each other company
wait after cars
finally got my hair done and I'm totally
gonna have some dinner with some
girlfriends but it's so late
and some the freakin dinner today so I'm
gonna come home I'm home guys and Tim is
hard working I was gonna go and I
thought Tim two things once in a life
time over Sadie I need to witness this
this is my hair and a negotiate
obsession for you guys the hairstylist
are ten ways that I should spit with
this eye friend but he says I can
actually wear it like this and curve it
if I want to mmm we're chic Oprah has
made his speciality
Bon Appetit honey a Kibaki ma a verse I
just uploaded this picture my Instagram
I find it in my phone and why don't I
remember when we took this like at first
glance really gummy and in you're going
to double don't kiss him don't you dare
kiss
yeah that's right thumb
