just got off from bed and she's all
wrapped up
Oh she'll be so cute let's go morning
morning morning
it looks like I'm half my is so dry
today so I did this very Liam Photoshop
job of niba fringe cuz I'm getting my
hair cut tomorrow and I'm not really
sure I mean I've had side-swept vines
for as long as I can remember and I know
it's just me but I was I mean I've just
been a little bored and my hair is just
looking for something different
so I went and I asked you guys so at the
start beginnings were all sick with the
side slit friend bridge
sorry I got bangs and French mixed up
but yeah guys are saying stick with this
one but then no I love you guys are
saying go for this one because it looks
cuter and younger whereas this one makes
more mature I don't know what do you
think this has to be one of the cutest
Christmas cards I've ever seen we just
picked up this big open calendar can you
actually check the size of that compared
to your body nice and fit it fit it
beside your butt put it beside there is
neck excited cuz I thought it was like
really big candy
what is Chevy looks okay
chubbie what did you do she did
something she's done nothing what did
you do how do you think issues offer us
before you soon
Oh bless all that is so girl but could
have been a big piece of chocolate but
no back I've been calling her ever
what's primer for concealer and
eyeshadow oh so small a miniature what
do you what do you want oh the best
operator looks like somebody is getting
slick you know what that means they've
got to be TLC
this is serious measure after all this
is Hong Kong we're talking about really
this will mean joke lately guys sorry I
haven't been flogging up for the past
two days yes this guy pissed me off so
and I realized that it's actually really
hard to vlog when you're like bombed oh
you know I noticed you like the
highlight reel in the flogs you know and
you know Tim and I you know we have
little little blips as well but you know
we're okay now
aren't we honey yep see that's fine go
on you know this one yeah
you're not even wearing your one it's in
you want to have another fight you don't
like one of them like mental ones boys
escape in hospital especially the visit
here smelled me I wasn't my wife we
didn't exactly argue more off I got
pissed off then I already apologized to
you and you said it was fine yeah I was
fine I thought like you know the fact
that you just didn't really talk to me
 all day and I was like she's not
fine
she said she's fine Geo hi my girl say
there and everyone and then what I had
to like talk to him and tell him that
yes yet to wake me up but what time
looks like a party a mother what happens
at a yeah 5 p.m. which is the decent
thing to do to live I basically didn't
did something that I was upset with and
I thought nothing that you guys are
thinking oh boy that sounds wrong I was
I thought since like the day was over
and he apologized and I should just like
you know it's fine forgive and move on
so it just didn't feel right
flogging and being high in or you know
or talking to me I just doesn't feel
right the flog and be all oh hi Shh so
I'm an end today I just really need to
talk to Tim Obata which we did today and
that's all you need to do girls because
you know what your boyfriends and
husbands are not mind reader's but you
need to tell them how you feel I asked
you so many times why you felt you can
send you reply
another tip guys sometimes girls don't
know why they feel so I love either way
then yep look how are you feeling fine
okay I think I'm not fine we'll talk
about it now so I like you Brody yeah
keep writing
Leslie bring a solution I don't know
about the Pens I'm just joking I didn't
ask you sleeping so what you just left
them so foot because you felt bad
give me my pillows back take your
pillows back the good ones take them
back
oh no no these days I smell like an old
lady all the time because I geez tiger
balm neck and shoulder Brooke I remember
us one the bunny right ten minutes
dumb oh it's so cute
nothing for you to eat chubby really
that looks so wrong they're so cool it's
like forgot about me your bias today
he's super good
