Wow just came in here hi interesting the
way Tim sleeps nothing like a nice hot
steamy ramen on a cold day like it's
pretty cool my hands are freezing
oh and then nothing like a nice hot
chocolate with marshmallows on a cold
day yeah do my magic happen
look up from my nap I have some cool
hair boy on here hard to work when these
here here I can't work because these two
insist
sitting here I don't know how are they
can even be comfortable I'll buy two
head I too have barbecue franchise and I
thought today I'll show you guys a quick
exit so I'm wearing this new like tuned
one the sweater that I got on yes that I
got it because of the double collar I
think it's pretty cool of course I like
deep red and shirt hang sight and then
the shorts I'm wearing are from Sarah
and these are my tweet shorts and
they're so comfortable i crimped my hair
yesterday so it's still waiting today
and I'm just wearing it with my beanie
also I got from get bail the bottom of
the sweater parts pretty cool because
it's weekly
saboteurs have to step on this stool cuz
my microwave is all the way up here
I used this heat up mask and thing is
actually stays warm for quite a while
and it's really been helping me to sleep
and it feels nice and warm
oh good get everybody hmm watches from
small
who afternoon everybody so I got this
new backdrop and to be honest I love it
so pretty this will just perk up my
boring - wolf chubby waiting for her
chicken
Yusuke Ike look what I have
I quit do you think she's gonna need
this
on fire dinner is served today we have
chicken pesto and bacon pasta I'm not
sure if I'm just really hungry but this
is so good this is my belated birthday
cake this is cute
Jimmy key is that something Moodle so
excited I just got some meal from you
guys from the peel box so um these two
days have been a little sucky so I know
these are going to cheer me up all the
Christmas card a smile is the best
Christmas decoration all honest a little
Pomeranian Doki da mo is so funny you
know that little piggy yeah absolutely
loves it the size of him and he always
brings it up into bed finally finished
uploading a video and getting ready to
get so deep so I still have this stupid
hangnail like what is it what hi nails
Arthur me they're so small pitiful but
they hurt you knows when I'm tight
that's like oh and I think my high nails
is you always have to touch and squeeze
it it's like maybe the more squeeze it
less it's gonna hurt so fine a month ago
one of my friends said to me he said
Lindy you're actually a lot quieter when
you're outside compared to when you're
at home and you know I thought about and
that's actually really really true the
topic of tonight I want to ask you guys
is do you think you're an introvert or
an extrovert line nobody is completely
an introvert or an extrovert
whyever we couldn't lean more to be an
introvert or extrovert or neutral so for
me a lot of guy
don't actually expect this but I would
say I'm definitely more of an introvert
we're a little bit I will squeeze your
tail
oh I don't squeeze your ear oh I squeeze
your slight home I'm gonna squeeze your
leg oh I must we sure but Oh a little
baby but Oh
what are you doing are you crazy
staring a reflection
