when you're so desperate to sleep you
watch tutorials you look so good Isaac I
think something just been brewing since
we landed hopefully he's all right
father so cute
1 2 3 ha no Hannah hey laughs keep going
mama okay keep going
just you two miss you too
oh then I guess I will dream with you
celebrate with you I walk beside you
through whatever a nice ring
we are just chilling in the car park
it's currently 5:30 got some time to
burn so cute
welcome to Hong Kong back to my bathroom
of the peace in the background
yeah the past few days I barely flogged
would have been in that bit of a hay to
be honest because it had nutshell the
past few days has all been a but
insomnia plus jetlag plus jet-lagged
teething baby and JetLite sick toddler I
tried so much stuff like everything yoga
meditating is Ammar exercising before
bedtime not being simulated having a
routine nothing and it's just got to a
point where I just I feel a little tired
during the day but I'm not sleepy you
know once I lay in bed my mind has
bursts with colours Harney there's
something called postpartum insomnia
Tenma's right to do some errands today
so he'll be out for a few hours are you
feeling good yeah you see his through
circles yes no we are trying today I
would say that's a neutral response I
haven't had this in ages
sorry pay here this is all yeah do you
know cause being grumpy today
why are you so happy
are you ready today
evening hands excellent like this yes I
just like Jayden look no mummy not
really interested in actual stuff around
her she just wants to getting so chilly
here in Hongkong guys actually colder at
home than it is eyesight because in Hong
Kong we don't have central heating
even though UK where temperature is much
lower it just feels especially cold here
in Hong Kong so cool that our skin is
itching cause it's so dry back for a
week already
I think I've just been slightly blue of
you guys mentioned not when I'm in Hong
Kong I seem happy and I think every time
we come it's like holiday mood not same
over here it was so much warmer but this
time coming you know it's been very cool
there's quite deadly virus that's been
going around so I'm told to keep the
kids at home so they're cooked up in a
small apartment so just feels like her
hands have been a bit full um but that's
not really the reason as much as I love
being in Hong Kong on it and I miss it
when I'm away before I come here I
always feel a sense of anxiety it's
almost as if I have to brace myself if
you've read my book I would have opened
up to you guys regarding Timman eyes
marital problems what
our biggest issues was Timmy's drinking
I think it's always been gaming seeing
his friends my she was always the fact
that Tim just isn't that type that we
just go for happy hour or just chill
drinks when he drinks he doesn't know
how to control unfortunately I'm not
gonna go into much detail for obvious
reasons but yeah it went a really big
hole in our marriage especially when
Isaac was here and you see that picture
over there the picture mommy daddy that
was our pre wedding picture that we took
when we were in Korea and it should be
happy memories and it is but when I look
at it it just brings me back to all the
nights I sat in my living room holding
my screaming baby waiting for my husband
to come home a lot of times he not even
remember how he got back because you
know he would black out and stuff no of
course Tim has come a long way since and
he's really blossomed as a husband and a
father and I really feel like us moving
to UK is probably been one of the best
things we could ever do for her Mari
she went to Italy because Tim knew he
had to be removed from the environment
every time I came in I braced myself
because his friends are usually come on
to him come on come on and you know what
at Judge Tim's friends and I went
through a phase where I really resented
them and I think it just felt easier to
shake the blame on them even though
really it is my husband's responsibility
to make wise choices there was a time
where I judged his friends where I
thought they were just going nowhere in
life just party a party party spend all
their wages and I judged him Who am I to
say that the way they're living their
lives is wrong it's honestly they're
just living their years just having fun
and have no kids so you know why not
have fun but my thought was why drag my
husband died when you know he's got a
family
responsibilities I realize it's just
because they just simply don't
understand I know you know a lot of them
most of them are a really good people
there are some things that still make me
face probably a few days ago we were at
a wedding than one of our mutual friends
he knew that Tim was driving with two
kids he was still trying to make my
husband drink wine and I just couldn't
help but think use your head that makes
dotty it may seem in a lot of ways this
apartment there were so many great
memories but it almost felt like it was
tainted or hunted with just some really
difficult memories and it shouldn't be
like this because after all this was our
very first home and sometimes you know
scars get ripped open and and I just
have to remind myself the past is not
Norway things are different noise the
good news is Timmy really doesn't do it
a lot anymore obviously because I have
been balloon and I'm a very empathetic
person when when people are sad I really
feel it and I do the best that I can to
make them feel better encourage them and
so obviously it's also why I need when
I'm dying I think I need to be
encouraged but Tim is not the type that
knows how to encourage people he's the
type that would do little things for you
you know like grab you food make you
something help of the chores that's a
way for him to show that he cares I
think mommy's talking can you wait till
I finish unless is that is hi Tim shows
he cares that is very easy to take for
granted when I just focus on all you
don't encourage me enough I forget what
he is so instead of focusing on what he
isn't I have to remind myself to focus
on what he is I'm not perfect person and
I want you guys to know that there's no
such thing as a perfect marriage you
know we're all just individually working
on bettering ourselves but we have to
remind ourselves that we have to do in
our own time
nobody is perfect you know some people
maybe they're menaces gambling maybe for
some people it's suspending addiction
when you guys have no that our marriage
is not perfect and you know every day we
have to work really hard what I do
understand is when Tim is back he gets
to see his friends again and his friends
are important to him and when I drink
that it's just their way of bonding is
he where he wants to be yet no but good
news is he's not where he used to be
