looks tired you may drag your free
didn't got me McDonald practice again
but I'm like now your refused to I'll
have something healthy today so
therefore I have a mosh the banana you
guys can guess what I'm making already
right but a beautiful day malicious
healthy pancake tell me why you would
not want my package my food delicious
pancakes my little pancakes beautiful
golden color
my guys tell me this look more
delicious and her plate with
strawberries and raspberries or those
disaffection appetizing huh so after
that we'll have this I'll call it's
getting cold so show everybody what
you're wearing since so don't so happens
we just whipped butter Keke's and start
wearing it
finish writing a letter to a subscribers
boyfriend because she requested to write
him a little autograph I thought and you
better than autographs write him a
letter airlifted many people - I don't
know what he's looking to buy a mini
water dispenser
seeing a bit of Christmas shopping hello
coming out this movie like this it just
feels really cozy emmm or maybe I should
get you this honey it's a hand warmer
maybe I should buy you this let me find
it useful actually smelled like banana
maybe this is more suited what you saw
Tim is forcing me to do this thing
called a story behind your birth number
it's been nagging me for the past minute
at 9:12 plus 6 plus my birth get 6 plus
1986 1986 oh you're coming you're coming
to anything shut up okay and then equals
M two plus four to six number six I'm
number six sexes are idealistic and they
need to feel useful to be happy yes a
strong family connection is important to
them their actions influence their
decisions they have a strong urge to
take care of others and to help they're
very loyal under great teachers they
like art or music they make a loyal
friends ut friendship very seriously
we're getting tight food today and have
my clinic order
I just checked the peel box and I when
you really said few days ago and I can't
believe like I have people writing me
already so pissed about something thank
you so much Diane for this cute little
journal I can't wait to start writing it
and of course I keep on your ladder also
bake the key to Lauren for your awesome
letter really needs actually quite
chilly today so
feels kind of good drink some soup first
advent calendar dis ones killed it is a
this is a where's ball you want and then
you go look for the number to defined
Henry still eight carry on for tree
oh you can't eat a chocolate until you
find Henry
Oh
chubbie good guess mmm geek girl get her
room Shuggie where's mommy where's mommy
give mommy kiss kiss gimme kiss kiss
thank you
and a bike's an arse time we'll be
heading up to have our birthday dinner
but I got my package from gifts style I
ordered some stuff and I thought I'll be
some shopping because it's been a while
since I bought those you guys know how I
always have this weak spot when it comes
to like Peter Pan colors well I have
another one so yes I think it's a pretty
color and see looks like this here I
have another one a super color and this
is more like a like a sweater dress so I
cannot be cute oh this is the exact same
but in a different color except this
it's like an emerald green see Oh cute
and again with the Keith's collar cuz
you guys know I like your true colors I
have a new beanie to wear and I like
grey beanie of course my bowler hats and
of course has to be a good deep red
color so cute fine array and this is a
shirt looks like this
oh so pretty so that's my get stop order
a little something I love cake for
myself this is my bowler hat probably
wouldn't wear it with this outfit but
pretty cute I think it'd be don't don't
let go crazy on the breadsticks cuz we
got a lot of thingy I know what you
think
get this gingerbread so cool it's so big
don't tell probably the best I'm still
crying moist hey I could stick so huh
nothing your mind so this Vegas it just
watched a movie called white storm
it was alright that concludes our gay
