tee's day we recently heard this when we
were in a bookstore and we had to find
out the song because we figured if we
listen to this when we work it'll make
us feel fun geez Scotty my pleasure
that's so fun
we have planned for you on this define
afternoon work work
mg look Thank You bed works and
absolutely daunting to me
shall we go first okay I see we go
Pell knowing of marvelous absolutely
fitting you spa posture when you're
working fees back off
I'm watching this video and seriously
that girl the back really reminds me of
Tim watch this I'm editing a me flogged
and some work you scratching me yes what
do you want them all he wants up but get
up yourself hmm
get up yourself you can do it you didn't
did ya see I told you you can do it Hey
so I'm working on a Christmas gift guide
video
do you remember um in the last vlog I
was asking you guys what do you think of
by us releasing RPO box so I'm really
humbled at along you guys wants to write
to us in the info section of the video
we're going to put our new box and I'm
also gonna put the address in our
channel page our blog page in the info
part so you have time definitely write
in your letter I really really love
reading your mail I actually have a box
of all the letters I kept from the main
brief although like please leave me
don't feel like get the same gift and
stuff like and I'll be happy with a
letter or Christmas card
chubby just went to the toilet and got
treat for it so we're gonna see if he's
gonna go and pee because 9 out of 10 he
does that
good boy oh boy
League when he sees chubby getting a
treat he's like hmm I'm gonna get one
too seriously this is the shill this is
Jasmine oil and this was given me by
beauty kind of you guys remember and
I've been using it in my face and it's
been making such a positive like impact
on my face is really saving and it just
makes my skin glow open really like an
anime guys up in asking me but why is
your face so shiny if you guys notice is
always I'm shiny at the night and that's
because I put out and after I take a
shower
mm-hmm I'm wearing my nice guy t-shirts
always supporting team long food you
need to make me sick because eating
looks so cute I love her I love her
teeth my number one doggie woggie don't
say that honey
Oh cover your ears
that's right Donnell you tell him take
your neck everybody's in good look your
night pic in it
be it on the leg go to bed good night
world hey I'm watching one of my
favorite Christmas movies el Hispanic
good spirit so guys let me know what
your favorite Christmas movie is keep
scratching me Jon memmer today I
received a box from my candy my friend
who I'm sure a lot of you guys already
know kind of jokes it but can't give
you're watching this thank you so much
for bed I'm so excited
from what kinda told me she told me that
she stopped the internet for my pictures
so I'm really really excited
ah cleany oh this is a pillow cover and
this one says Tim which space mister on
it awesome
oh wow wow this one's me and this one
too haha Tim and me and they fumble
thank you so much Andy this is such a
cute dresses Oh
get everybody kiss everybody kiss no no
kiss okay
