breakfast is served a day pack out and
also kanji I know doesn't like real
appetizing but seriously it's the best
breakfast in the world hmm chubby get
off
yes you can watch more for 940 twins the
Lord really
to be see it look at chubby come on at
your bait she just she likes sharing a
taco I'm gonna fish do it second
afternoon guys
today we're taking the Cozart for dared
to be friends
there we go what's weird is even though
Dom will get some of all the other dogs
he doesn't get on with our friends dog
pizza
and they say so hard ah well now go oh
oh so you got
sighs oh but they did
what do you do quicker Valley literacy
weapons this is funny
whoa whoa there's a girl hiding in the
corner in the poo because nobody could
see him but he did thank you yeah I have
something to show you guys this is my
new book for me to read all the things
I'm grateful for I'm not gonna look up
you're completely naked guys huh
you guys already know that for the past
few months I've been using dudes speed
posts book that was given to me by our
post office and you know it's also jobs
and it works but I thought I'll get this
one
I couldn't resist because it says today
is my date and you know what guys each
day is a chance to love to laugh and to
learn hi chippy hmm little bone you look
so cute
Elmo don't feel oh how much is so chubby
boom hmm sad
I just give chubby a little dental stick
and I he's like
do you guys want to know what's funny
when Tim wants me to make him food he
doesn't ask me like a deer tonight right
he always only asked me when I would
like to fall asleep he's gonna have some
furniture lay kids feed this in his
office until your noodles you suck I
think my dark circles have gotten like
so much
close one relax no you cannot eat metric
numbers of my face no no go away go away
it feels so good you should be illegal
cut those slips off my next one I'm not
sure where to put this here ah feels
good I'm not quite sure what she's doing
in the corner of the bed okay
stay in a corner
brekkie my local there's this anime on
TV and there's a way this cat who's a
celebrity i think i'm tim o'connor to
get back to where Tim is watching a
movie and for some reason it should be
like sex to have hey what's wrong I can
stick it move that's race today
what people
what's his ticket to himself lucky
