what is your favorite thing about
childhood that is a really really hard
question but it would probably be waking
up and the weekends watching cartoons
because there's no school house awesome
what's one thing that annoys you about
Tim that's easy he's never ever on time
and it drives me crazy what do you do
when you can't see I used to twist and
turn and then I realized that trying to
fall asleep was just so exhausting so
these days I just stay up and I read
because read reading makes me sleepy
unless that's when the book gets
interesting that yeah I do that and
sometimes I sanitize myself what age did
you have your first period
well if you'd simmer animals what kind
of animals will you t be this was very
easy I think Tim would be a chihuahua
because he's tiny but he's so yappy in
life and I would probably be a Phoenix
because they're very short did like a 30
centimeters like high or something but
they're a quick and nimble what's
something you enjoyed as a kid but not
so much no for me it's playing a game
boy is something different and I like
the whole bulkiness I don't know it's
not the same how do you get over trying
to achieve a perfect persona here does
all the time nobody is perfect but
sometimes you really have to accept that
you will never be perfect no matter how
hard you try so like why I try to be
perfect because it's just it takes up
too much energy for something that's
just really impossible so I I'm just
happy when I'm able to be me what's
something you hated doing as a child but
loved my back and as a kid I just hated
cleaning but now that I'm older I
actually enjoyed it Wendy and Tim plan
to have babies it's such a common
question that you guys ask us it's weird
because when we're boyfriend/girlfriend
all people asked us was when you guys
getting married but when you're actually
married it's where you guys having kids
someone I have definitely talked about
this before we do want up kids but maybe
next year maybe start thinking about it
sometime next year
what are your top 3 most used phrases 10
I'm hungry and also tacky what was the
first album you bought say bubbles as
angrily as you can
bubbles last appointment to build a
banger what's the best and worst thing
about living in Hong Kong the mosquito
bites are pretty bad too a good thing
I've been living in Hong Kong there's a
lot but the top reason has to be five
internet describe you in Tim's
relationship in one word oh I'm just
kidding it's not it would be less do you
fold or scrunch your toilet paper I
would say I'm eight Boulder what would
anybody scrunched her toilet paper
that's just weird
what kind of superpowers would your
superhero have and what would you name
her well I would give the superhero the
ability to talk to animals and therefore
she would be called the
animal
whisper hi are Gemma and Emma doing Emma
and Gemma are in this side I'm the
reason they're in the fifth I guess
because I kind of freaked that by both
of them they are suppose the house
synthetic hair but Emma has white hair
Emma I'm Gemma has white hair channel
but yeah because they have white hair I
can only come to conclusion on one thing
they're alive who would you rather
sacrifice chubby or dumb oh really what
kind of question is that
I'd rather lose Tim I'm just kidding
honestly I would rather lose my own life
oh I tell her you originally I thought I
was 150 centimeters but Gigi a recent
film Bobby check ahead turns out my
height is actually one for eight seven
years what do you love the most about it
he just makes me laugh because he's just
he's so goofy but I really
those are some of your Twitter questions
answered make you guys so much for
submitting and you guys want to ask me a
question for my next up post video and
remember to add me in Twitter hi
everybody Oh chick not supposed to
