let me wake up hmm I'm gonna scratch my
butt and put it in your face wake up
wake up wait wait wait
you find really weird places to say
comfortable down each of e these must
have been your socks from yesterday yeah
yeah are your dork nothing what about
this guy I just had an idea well play
stop pretending and then you know you're
a week I just did the dishes on these
gone
he better not okay you better not being
real okay you guys should see how
offensive chubby gets with Tim oh great
this looks
this kind of stuff here stop your
they said like no no mine
watching me is not gonna make me it is I
was doing some work and then I got this
message from my friend it says
apparently these are supposed to be
hearts but all I see are balls huh I see
both to finally oh it does feel good to
be back see what the dogs are up to
hello
darkies hi ru yeah I miss G oh it's
always so nice coming back to these
those it's like taking fresh cookies mmm
mmm hi Dom oh hi Ernie
hmm 1 3 a.m. and we're we going we're
gonna go on a car journey guys um by car
journey home or go get some food
tomorrow
come on come on oh those are keeping me
company about Tim grab some McDonald's
Turner and give me a kiss give me a kiss
you bitch I'm getting sleepy though I
wonder why dogs get so excited about car
journeys for all you know tippy we could
be taking you to a slaughter mm-hmm so
your dad said this to me today your dad
said that apparently when two people
love each other they will find each
other's even their farts will smell
beautiful agree or disagree disagree I
agree - I love you enough honey but your
father people currently have for my
hobby is still hard at work
well I'm gonna bet see you ha ha Tina
honey
Hey look what I have careful fits no no
you know Tim he's so cute he has a
little snack covered and inside all
you'll find is sweet like who needs this
Oh mind of polo-neck allows millions he
loves those chocolate koala thing he
loves these nerds look a guy has heart
post-it notes
mas Pusa synthetic hair what is she
white hair do you Reseda ha that is
weird
did you move novels and shifted two
years back
