it's hard work being a mermaid isn't it
I think it's starting to rain is it just
me or does it occur to you guys that it
always somehow ruins just before you get
out of the car
good afternoon everyone it is currently
through a book we are on our way to the
lusk and we're on our way to a baby
store called the guys there were really
sweet actually regulars at my parents
restaurant they really see that you've
brought back that my mom I won't give
them my details and then it was our meet
invited us to the store to have a look
at through strollers a live currently
seven weeks old
she's getting me I'm really feeling this
strain on my shoulders
Anna wants to pay for that's what he did
hold them blemishes getting heavier I
think we need us raising a stroller so I
think is we haven't actually bought
Australia's so let's leave the perfect
time I think we're here oh there's so
much stuff here so that's also a car
seat and also a carry cot I do have a
bit of motion sickness
no reason not because of extreme
breaking I just noticed I didn't
completely button up my nightie
but it's okay because you can see
nothing the answer these past week has
been pretty crazy the start of Isaac had
the tummy bug poor thing and then Tim
had the bug again and then he was
feverish and completely bedridden been
really busy looking after their two boys
and just at the same time trying to
manage a newborn and maintain the house
and there was like a big leak over in a
bathroom these blocks going off and
lights not working and just a bunch of
stuff so I've been a little busy I think
two kids is definitely a different game
versus a one kid which is totally
expected not that I'm complaining
because it's just been such an honor
being able to take care of two beautiful
children it just means that
realistically it doesn't leave me with a
lot of time you need time I get to
myself or those few minutes when I take
a shower and those few minutes when I
kind of lay in bed and scroll my phone
before drifting off the sleep thing in
general I'm just managing things a lot
better with Isaac Tim used to help with
and my feet of course I understand that
no one gives you a medal for doing all
by yourself but you know surprisingly
I've just been able to just I guess wake
up fine to feed her and go back to bed
and I think largely just because when I
was pregnant
ie I didn't stay for long periods of
time on my body just got used to it so
far I've been well and I haven't been
too tired I think the only thing is just
I guess I don't get a lot of time to
myself and since I don't get so much
time to myself it leaves me with not a
lot of time to do much editing for vlogs
today was just a nice treat um today was
one of those days where Isaac went to
daycare so mentum and I were able to go
I and it was really sweet from the guy
Samuel Johnson to invite us to their
store it was just really really sweet
and just so kind to offer to give us a
stroller completely on the house since
our car doesn't have a lot of space
there they're even going to post by the
foxes just so we're really excited
because in Hong Kong we weren't really
able to use a stroller because it's just
spaces are so small in Hong Kong we just
carried Isaac a lot we really felt it on
our shoulders but now that we're back
home and UK there's just so much more
spaces I really look forward to being
able it's a stroller and you know just
even be right side
she's such a happy little girl oh yeah
it was just something really magical
about buffs maybe because it reminds her
what it feels like to be in the womb I
can totally understand because sometimes
when I'm taking a bath I like to pretend
that I'm also inside a womb it's not
weird no not at all right funny thing if
I think she's getting tutoring shooter
and I'm getting less cute huh
look at those legs kicking these are the
legs kick me when you're in my tummy oh
my goodness she just farted inside the
water and a stink so bad really like
this tub the only thing is it's so hard
to clean her neck like it's actually
impossible blushing
hello everyone
it is currently 2 o'clock and I am
headed to the grocery store get some me
time some me time of a bit of a dilemma
Ella is starting to reject the bottle
usually I try to give her one ball of
express milk a day but some days I kind
of forget sometimes it just feels more
hand geared to just move her but she's
starting to reject the bottle I mean
like the bottle will be just sitting in
her body but she just be good I guess I
shouldn't light love it
I finally Boop her she just like she
just drops onto my boob for dear life
hey I won't be gone for too long but
even so hopefully she takes the bottle
when I'm gone anyways I filmed a video
for the Bub's Beauty John I know right
it's been so long I've been I think this
is my biggest mi a sense
look go for it guys it's a get ready
with me where I actually do this look
you know what's funny up by the dogs
whenever I change out of my PJs or my
nightie they know you know what's going
on don't you like I haven't even said
anything she just knows you know who
right of course almost just completely
clueless
yeah thank you smiling away yeah
where's your lease where's your leash
yes it's here
