yeah this one this magic I'm sorry
Oh what should I have for breakfast
making banana pancakes for breakfast so
wish me practice for mine wolf and Tim's
cave my boy
what makes me very sad is that every
time after I feel on my hair tutorial or
any makeup tutorial five minutes later I
wash everything off I remove everything
because truth is I have nowhere to go
one of you guys know it is but we always
dress decent from the top or from the
bottom it's just sweat pumps I didn't
even like bother buttoning like most of
my shirt either and skipping his
pineapple fried rice and this is not
what I found our chubby is serious
hunger her pools empty hunger you need
you hungry breakfast time what do we
have we have crunchy have in some for
once the queen is actually lending me
hug her don't you look at me look at you
were you being grumpy you know I
sometimes my nook handle works its way
down it's hard to line it up well Tim
taught me a trick you just get aids
spaghetti
and just burden a spaghetti and take it
in here
I know alight the combo that's it the
part is to get it up burn just band it
off and then you got the rest what you
are going to do a no strip on Tim why
are we doing a nose job honey your mom
said I had really big block no she
didn't
all right honey show everybody what you
look like the no strip is on and we just
gotta wait till it gets nice and hard
instead that's what she said um we he'll
document what the strip will look like
usually it's pretty immense it's kind of
those things people are in like word
impressive ok impressive like it's kind
of thing where you're like it grows
someone see that but then you actually
really do want to see that it's weird I
think it's time last year you guys the
strip so isn't it cool how something so
disgusting could be so fascinating
you
I like the color of my nails today I've
been really feeling like a lilac a pink
color I've been cutting them short as
well just waiting for Tim as he picks up
some boxes my back is so sore guys Tim
got me gift guess what's inside guys
since it's a new JAMA meet Amma Amma is
Jana's friend Unni differences of Emma
we could hear it away and the wear is
eyeliner because emma is fierce
so he's like what's her problem
boom
they don't like amma too much my why
wouldn't you like amma almost um and
just getting ready to head I have dinner
with Tim family I'm his mum be tomorrow
so I'm gonna be leaving do dinner but
it's okay because we have JAMA and Emma
and they'll be looking after the dog
okay watching your every loop so don't
go having any dog parties on your door
friends over and getting high on doggie
treats you my trusted friend we known
each other since we were 9 or 10
my cycle girl my cycle wifey everything
you knew I take it the wrong way
life doesn't even matter how hard you
try keep that in mind that design is run
Oh
to
the verge Marco
I'm Thomas B Scott
I love you boys go now I like these
because it looks like a little bum we
are home from dinner
we don't think choppy and damo like JAMA
we saw her on the floor with doom
evaluation of the hotel but definitely
big enough to get us kicked out what you
going through right now you wouldn't be
here for one more second
