hello everybody welcome to the fifth
chapter of our honeymoon series we're
sad to say we're near the end good
morning from Maria I am getting pretty
Tonga
my feet are white but this is probably
like the Thomas hat I've ever been in a
while on our last full day Tim and I
decided to have more of an easygoing day
so we took a trip to a private ma to
come you know really happened in for a
lot of activity so there'd be more chill
as you guys already know the past few
days have been pretty crazy so a nice
chill day was very much needed really
that is cut here I don't know how I got
it I don't know how I got it
come on I don't know who I got it hi
at 3:00 to make it
while we were walking around the island
we spotted a treasure wow look at that
while we were walking we're in an island
there really wasn't anybody so it almost
felt as if we owned Island we feel like
king of the world
what was seen like that you can't not
take a picture
good nice little breeze going on a
sunlight hitting that part of the
mountain the past few years I've been so
busy and it's just been such a long time
since I felt this relaxed and the first
time I actually sat down to really
appreciate the beauty of nature around
me
they're a nice block of an island we're
just gonna have some lunch you listen to
the British honeymoon is ending soon
well we have LA but it was not really
honeymoon the walk around the island
really build up an appetite and we're
really hungry and dinner was two hours
away so room service that was you're
gonna fluff to do nothing and then
you've got much more this he's never
sweet nothing nothing nothing you need
to concern me because it was actually
Polynesian night on the cruise I got to
learn how to make a late a lot of people
CDs floral necklaces and think of Hawaii
but it was actually the French Polynesia
that started up and here you can see Tim
even getting into it and I have a really
adorable bracelet from this lovely lady
I'll equip oh yeah on my new pony she's
so pretty
a phony Flora's last forever Polynesian
night means Polynesian feasts
Tahitian women love to wear the pererro
so we also got to learn many different
ways to type this one being my favorite
I never really understand a turndown
service like let me know guys why is it
that you need someone to like flip open
the bed for gay and why is it that you
have to have chocolates do you think
like you know is it because you go to
bed and you think okay
let's have some chocolate or do you have
it when you wake up or how does it work
I'm not exactly sure absolutely
on our last build day in Moria we set
off to do an island tour last year so
pretty
Bora Bora may have had the beautiful
clear water in the lagoons but motya
definitely had the best landscapes next
up we headed off to an archaeological
site where ancient official depositions
so judging by the pictures of skills or
I hear the party I wonder what Paul
wanted to take like the fact like
quality of a person or maybe this could
have been the sacrificial site
hmm next love pineapple plantation for
honeymoon we didn't just want the area
to relax we really wanted to see true
culture to hide people lives
pineapple being grown I don't know why
but I always thought they were grown on
trees thought but it's beautiful care
honey
Wow pretty it is so green as well over
the moon what I miss the most from
Tahiti are still is just sweet pineapple
pretty here this place is different from
all the other islands with venturi it
feels more colorful organic not just you
know beaches and the kids which are very
pretty but this just looks amazing
and this is the type of scene that I
want to see do you think of unique
looking at that really pretty soft
without all I could think about was
imagine state one of those huts imagine
waking up in front of the scene welcome
to French Polynesia nay at nighttime our
ship finally fixing again and we arrived
at poppy DS the place where it all
started
Paul Gauguin welcomes us back home again
with this fireworks show
I'm just kidding turns out it was
actually the opening of the FIFA Beach
Soccer World Cup so we came back at the
right time because we can enjoy this
awesome firework display I really hope
you guys enjoyed chilling with us and
radheya taha Bora Bora and Maria it was
such an honor sharing our honeymoon
experience with you guys and while it's
back to reality or is it enjoy the rest
of the fireworks guys I'll see you
tomorrow
