morning everybody so early but we are
arriving board where I see we're very
eager we're waiting for the breakfast
buffet to open but for an eye we're just
strolling in this mini art gallery and I
am s for game ever
that's only the old version is good news
yesterday we linked it was so much fun
but and it was so tired I completely
just come back I a cell to outside p.m.
buh-bye
cake I am sorry like 12 hours this case
definitely I have more everything on and
I've been digging little
No
meet Rapa Rapa is going to be taking us
to an adventure of a lifetime
we're going to be swimming with sharks
and stingrays receipt to kind of shine
you get the black tips for these
medium-sized and you get the like a
tiger
into the water I go first thing I
noticed was wow this water is deep here
you hairy deep but then you get lots of
the hundreds and hundreds of fish
species swimming and whirling together
it feels beautiful
I remember being just so mesmerized by
the fishies and then I like dine and I
just had the biggest adrenaline ever
sharks swimming below me on the ocean
floor luckily for us sharks like to swim
in cooler water hence this day at the
bottom of the sea
normally I think I would be scared to be
in such deep water but I I just wasn't
get at all I felt like I was one with
fishy and I was just something a lot of
the crowd you know to keep swimming just
keep swimming next up we headed off to
see my favorite sea animal the symbol we
waited for a while and nose thing ray
showed up so we thought maybe we're
unlucky and then one arrived and more
they all came and suddenly it was that
we could not get rid of them
the thing right has always been my
favorite sea animal because they always
because if they're smiling from below
and they just swim so graciously so
being able to swim of them was an
amazing day for me
that's not it though guys family these
guys showed up they were swimming so
close but of course my first reaction is
to panic but then it turned more into
excitement because these sea animals are
very friendly Asian people have been
living with sharks for many many many
years final stop we headed off to coral
garden and this was when I've really got
to feel like a little mermaid alert of
water it was a total new world it was
gorgeous on our way back we just
startled around the island and then the
most amazing thing happened
we managed to spot much is one wheel
p'tee and mummy wheel and a baby wheel
Oh
we're also excited and have such amazing
days of being able spot these wheels was
just like the icing of the cupcake this
is such a magical moment for me and it
was the first time in my life that I
felt in touch of the sea as we took the
boat back to our cruise we enjoyed the
sunset and it was the perfect way to end
our day really need this food and it's
crazy for having us order plan and I
just love their presentation is
gibberish quite astounding time for
dinner and I have Waku and Tim had
chicken Massimo any China wire
should be ready good
no matter how full we get there is
always time for dessert if you were to
pick out one thing as a highlight of
your day today what would it be
well today we often do you like
yes sharp beautiful under under
reminding so honey was the highlight of
your day say I start just with in Malang
go so I get the breakfast because we
need energy via hip
on our second day in Bora Bora we headed
off to your lagoon area
we're here today and hope it might see
some turtles by today I was no longer as
afraid swim with sharks a little scared
but not certain hey custome the what
boss a stingray feels like very very
smooth and off we went to explore
different species again
of course today we were most looking
forward to seeing turtle its squirt
after another day we'll loss assuming it
was time to relax and a private want to
I really tried to catch up with my
reading but it was just so hard to
concentrate on reading when you have
such a beautiful in front of you
so that concludes our adventure for
today I enjoyed all of the islands but
Bora Bora was probably my favorite just
because it was just such a romantic
Island and of course we got the smokey
awesome sea animal we hope you guys had
fun chillin with us in Bora Bora we'll
see you tomorrow at Mall yeah
