hey guys welcome to chapter three upper
honeymoon series in the last loved you
guys joined us as we learn how to famous
Tahitian black pearl is cultivated Yahoo
joined us as we swam in one of the
world's most beautiful coral garden
well apparently here is the next chapter
Santa haha which everybody on this
beautiful sunny day we started to
explore the little but wonderful island
of Taha Gemini got to learn about the
traditional uses of plantain trees and
of course the chicken the breathtaking
beauty or mountains above hombre Sumiko
though she's living
so everything was Rudy and it was great
learning for everything but the 4x4 it
was super rocky especially climbing up
those bumpy roads not so great when you
have a full bladder
was it worth it definitely
oh my gosh at the top of hahaha I was
just going to get enjoy the beautiful
scenery there's him as she was very soon
acting like a tourist well we are
tourists we were very surprised when
this guy randomly whipped out his
machete for a moment we thought is he
going to kill us having a like a picnic
here indulging in the fresh organic
fruits after he and this beautiful view
with a perfect way to spend our
afternoon love is Michela again he
randomly cut off a piece of bamboo and
somehow sculpted it into a flute it
really works
that's like one minute perfect and
nothing like doing a little bit of
dancing and singing at the top of the
white
I had fun obviously not as much as the
last skit was so pretty I honestly
didn't want to leave but for the
meantime I could only snap a picture as
a memory forever would you live off we
go to the next step
my wave approaches a Fenella farm aha is
the islands off vanilla what you see
here is a vanilla bean yard when the
Camela is ripe it then goes through a
sweating process where they're
transferred onto a blanket where they're
kept for by 48 hours afterwards there
let it dry on this metal sheet to be
heated by the Sun and this makes the
color even darker so phonologies for
quite a lot of purposes as you guys
already know such as baking aromatherapy
oils perfumes cosmetics all stuff even
though 2ha produces 70 to 80 percent of
just eating vanilla it's vanilla
production has decreased significantly
today
to finish off our awesome day we headed
off to private island party hosted by
our cruise we just had lunch and Matt
and I let's follow me in to the water
guys in a way I want to go to water but
I also add so much so my my tummy
sticking I so I did it from juicy rocky
food trust my snorkel and mask to match
my swimsuit on this day I swam about my
lifejacket I swam with my my flippers
and I realized hey I can float even if
I'm do not and that would Pat me for
tomorrow's adventure after all the BA -
everything is feels good to like explore
the fishies about the same time do some
exercise to finish today Tim and I went
kayaking for the first time hello
apparently when I joined in we just
rotated in circles so I wasn't allowed
which I'm not complaining the bites
I hope you guys had fun MOBA today we
will see you tomorrow at Bora Bora and I
promise chief that one is going to be
fast one
you
