echo pray women and love love good
morning everyone
we're doing something um I guess some
people with define as morbid we are
going to be extracting our will
definitely something that people you
should want to think about Selena we
should we just dropped it up our wit
Allah for Allah I think it's kind of
like you know an episode of friends
where Rachel and Ross I said if they
were to die who gets their baby so Tim
and I have to have the discussion your
parents are my parents not Asian
mama lean if your traditional enough
usually the girls they don't get that
anything only the booties get it we want
to be the fair kind of parents oh my
goodness guys Tim dragged me in here
because there's a baby even guys look
it's like a whole collection of a-kor
clothes it says watch me grow okay but
wait
a quick rui quartz risers vinay corn or
acorn they're just everywhere guys
acorns acorns galore and crime blanket
yes this is reversible inside acorns tim
insists on coming upstairs cuz he wants
it by eilat eyes he's too young for toys
this little guy has six sack weigh-in
yesterday
and she's already in the 95th percentile
big girl aren't you a big girl
look at that chin even though she's only
six weeks three months clothing it's
actually perfect for her is it by five
point six or five point seven kg right
now I
we're here until Italian again my father
loved me and they're like this month
there were using them in deliberations
Atkins birthday expert birthday birthday
yeah come where are you Isaac are you in
Italy see cheer see ya happy birthday
she doesn't like getting burb because
she just wants to keep drinking milk but
she needs it oh it's foaming in the mind
good afternoon everyone
today is gonna be today I'm gonna be
tackling this you know when you have a
mess sometimes it's just easier to shut
the door and not think about it but then
it kind of lingers at the back of your
mind that's all you feel a stress at the
back of your head and you try not to
think about it but you know what's
always there so today I'm gonna be
tackling my wardrobe because I shouldn't
be it's just it's a mess most likely
it's gonna get married again in like a
week but let's do it anyway this time
around I'm just not snapping back as I
did with Isaac with Isaac I think like
in the first month I lost most of the
way and by two months I was pretty much
back to my pre-baby week my by six weeks
postpartum and I'm about 55 kilograms so
about 10 kilograms ago and I guess in
its own time but for now it's kind of
annoying because my clothes don't really
fit me anymore really I find myself this
morning
you know maybe baggy shirts all these
sweaters which I'm reminded that we're
gonna be wearing fairy god
and you notice anything different about
my wardrobe yeah two hours and it still
looks the same
actually I think it looks worse Tim's
mom is a mean she's amazing the echo
system ha you can just say a song in a
place play woman and love be something
wrong with the system
enjoy your breakfast yeah
yes you did
you better not be messing up with me
just catching up on work and catching up
on my work emails this little guy just
wanted to sit next to me and watch so I
would like some play-doh do you not want
to go upstairs and play with addy you
just want to sit here nursing love me I
decided to look up some pictures on I
think when he was sick so just to
compare cuz a lot of you guys are saying
yeah
a lot of you guys are saying that Lala
is his clone this is oh that's Isaac
definitely similarities now quite
similar eyes and they had to see him
face shape and the little pointy chin
what do you guys think what do you think
artists similarities and the differences
between Allah and Isaac we had a contest
to see who can make our son laugh
without touching him and let's try here
you hold the camera for a sec he's not
laughing with you he's laughing at you
okay fine that's my that's my trick it
doesn't count
