Oh hopefully today I'm getting my hair
cut can you guys see just how long it is
or have Benigni and
where are our people I hurt my ankle
like a few months ago and then I just
continued to hurt so I need to see 15
pictures on microfilm you can call this
Chinese product of practitioners my
first time so she said so the season was
very nice he asked me a lot of questions
easily into everything before he
squeezed and pressed a life out of high
school real egg honey
okay we chose him for worry buddy and
then afterwards they could see medicine
on it and found used my leg and I was
ready to go okay I want to show you guys
just post that I read today and I
thought I was quite depressing but also
nice to Redmond and so for my child to
choice so here are 23 of our childhood
toys and this is what they look like
right now I remember this and it says
the doctors setna comes in a tote by
which sucks because to me the briefcase
was the best part the Barbie Dreamhouse
and 80s and 90s versus it Barbie
Dreamhouse no I don't know if it was me
but I think this one looks much more
nicer and if I were to have like a
holiday I would like to stay here rather
than here I don't know maybe it's just
me I think yellow more than pink um this
one really hurt me
Polly doesn't even live in the puck
anymore and I some love these this is to
be our favorite toy so nice got eyes it
still kind of look similar this is my a
Volkswagen bug convertible I never had
been stalled by CEO TV ads all the time
so no I
instead of having hair it's kind of part
of her head no my little pony has had
way too much screwy fisher-price
rollerskates I remember this one as well
of course some things never change
don't go changing Lego hey Lego is so
like the best toy ever directed yeah
speaking of like oh um Tim's sister
actually got us get this as a wedding
gift basically what happened when you
were younger Tim
my sister cop herself anyone so sheep in
my level stuff and then what happened
I'm gonna beat her up until it got
husband and then she picked up one by
one right and then about 20 years later
I keeps flashing with lightning they see
you guys you guys can't see whoa
so I gotta trim as you guys know and I
like this leg I think is very
comfortable is not too short so I even
for the October wedding they can still
put it up however there is that slight
problem um I don't know if you guys can
see but I just have this random like
short like section here like I see it
stops here see but I don't really have
it in this side so kind of it's not the
straightness of blends well but um oh
wow so hungry guys guess what I'm going
to be eating guess what I'm the mood for
Tim is kind of getting a birthday
because today is his birthday
four declares a strawberry would have a
jelly
you always Marty not to spin you're
hungry
Oh nigga Jamari know you could be Morty
24/7 deal
peels off peels off
I got even say hi anymore it's way
deeper than big to Cub this first cuz it
goes up
you ordered chicken like it on right
knee good under menu but you know shake
it so chicken nugget on race ethnic girl
chicken
it's chicken nugget on right it's your
favorite I even gives you the sauce of
it no no and this is my mommy in law do
you think Tim looks like her or does he
look like daddy
what do you think what do you think day
with everybody or granny just got home
uh not hard to guess who at my lip balm
the one and only chubby chub a she knows
it cuz he's not here where are you you
know she did something bad you know what
you did huh did you eat my lip balm did
you eat it turn inside I sprained my
ligament but did not know because I've
been doing love exercising as you know
so I thought I was because of exercising
but then I just didn't go away after
three months so this part got really big
so hey like itself Rick's Dobis with a
normal since it was a pretty swollen up
oh yeah yeah it's totally thundering
outside and chubby is good while well at
Otomo is scared of the sunny oh you're
so cute it's okay it won't hurt e Oh a
shaking the copy it's all good because I
cut my Thunder buddy
just cannot get a night of peace because
these two for some reason like to play a
three in the morning easy almost three o
clock I decided to make a roast
so just got some chicken and carrots and
potatoes or just just first knit it also
be a while before we continue making at
least 20 minutes I'm making it already
everything is same cold honey you need
to over chicken yeah we'll be ready for
the not be hanky very good was it
look at that girl honey
dad everybody plate there's little
things amuse me to put a char the child
go take a shower
make sure he's really I'm watching he I
can see if you're trying or not
I can see it she'll be like what's the
problem
