ah hold on we're by the set-off hotel
but granny is convinced that we should
bring a rice cooker in some swamp so we
can eat
Paloma cassia law Kevin bottom icons I'm
Annie Mac tamai mouton yo soy eight to
ten to funny Daniel we are on our way to
the my body but a little bit squish
because the circus is here I'm a classy
ride but yeah we're only going for one
day like in the hotel just one night but
each of us brought us to kiss right
right right
direct nice we just dropped off at
Tescos where the girls got the drinks
warmer nacho gate is in the car
we're in our hotel whoa my bridesmaids
actually had a surprise for me but I had
no idea I'm kind of scared
Nona has got a pop I thank you we have
Martine oh ask an appeal Oh get the
wedding dinner okay are for dinner okay
um so can I just heard of it
okay picks it together orga time oh oh
oh thank you I guess right on it is it
right for tomorrow
yeah we're papoul dancing oh thank you
guys I was going with my something
please well let me greet her Ryan Turner
on this ride with it when H we're gonna
cupcake a leg a cupcake so cute and then
I'm already back a little bit first
cousin yeah hey everybody ha ha thank
you girl
for such a great that's not all oh yeah
oh I wonder why honey and the three
always gonna be here okay I just wanna
say I love you so much I love you we
love you
there's making a finger to tell you how
much I love you a sweet memory of
Lindsay what kind of question is that I
pretty much spent most of my life with
you and you're asking me my favorite
memory I think it will be that time I
punch you in the ribs and you fell off
the high chair in the kitchen so father
you sir crying and you ignore me for
days
while growing up it it definitely felt
like you were like a sister to me and
you gave me you're a nut Blyton books
and they were all scribbled over gay we
shared secrets and you talked me out of
it mascara on and you know how to talk
to boys so you were really special to be
going off and you know I just I just
wanted to be exactly like II I
remembered
like to the point that we would actually
we learned playing recorder the same
time at skill and the correct weight of
my recorder is tunt you're here I wanted
to be like you so much
I played brilliantly but my teacher
actually yelled
the wrong way to play by then it was so
natural to really switch back to me like
relationship is when I have my life I
we're not having our mean course knife
and I'm having Doodle ties and so long
since I've had it
what do you have any crook and rump
around slum none we have a cake it's big
song we take and we didn't I I'm pod hen
party cupcakes me from the Lilly Kane
bakery so Thank You Claire for making
these getting ready for bed my yeah my
sister loner over there was it say
Oh still having my champagne really was
really really fun did everybody enjoy
themselves
yeah
check out this class it's all pink we're
here for our whole something listen I
learned one thing yesterday pole dancing
ever a lot harder than it looks and alo
sometimes can be very awkward it's
actually really really about and a great
one that we pretty much just had to
follow the teacher but as you can see I
was very very clueless this move as
Karen Talzin is called be a stripper
walk
again what a backwards combo will be so
difficult
after 1r I was time to put everything
together
I always thought I was very lucky to
have him in my life but I know I'm even
luckier to have you girls in my life I
would cut myself lucky to have one of
you but I have four very special girls I
grew up with me that really helped
involve me to who I am today
each of you holds very different but
very special places in my heart and I
just want to thank you guys were such a
memorable bachelorettes dude it was
everything and more I could ever ask for
I love you guys so much and let's rock
this wedding on Sunday
