come on come on stretch this guy came
home late last night again it's just put
his butt in his face that's right yeah
let him take it yeah I basically asked
my friend Wayne from cosmic of artists
what's a good foundation you would
recommend for a wedding day so he
recommended kett cosmetics there's a
photographs well so I thought check it
out
yeah
you just gotta
have fun
everybody cover Han I'm coming by self I
know you guys are clapping would you
rather watch your parents have sex every
day or have sex with them to stop it oh
it was shitty day
neither suicide so while playing songs I
noticed is up sure high often DC ads of
guys promoting skincare with this type
of pose honey pretend you're putting on
cream for an odd pretty no this guy
basically just like fully his nose so
god loses matters in it and then he's
like Oh smells like apples smelling let
me visit ischium I know them like I
don't want to smell it
gross
this group Oh and so just more you will
expedite him like you get sick you gotta
stop exploring your know oh your
fingers not what is real ending see we
like it Jesus you said you needed
eating out of a plant pot and actually
it's very messy and very interesting
it's not that you know that this week
that you eat that pops in your mind of
course that's basically what it is at
the top
someone's happy
let's go there
boys bubble we should look around
looks like he's licking her butt from
the side
hello I love doing this I took his ears
uh-huh hello silk hey a lot of fun with
my dog every day it's a different
Kingdom
it's so pretty
something more oh well you look great
Tim you look great um I promise you guys
I'm not like using the toilet sometimes
I just like coming here
he looks Sookie he's staring like woulda
put me hey do you mind oh it's a
different kind of sleeping pose every
day today is the reserved position let
her being a little creep as usual I'm
going to give myself a like a facial
thing so I've got this kind of like this
like cream thing I'm supposed to put on
before uses I actually bought this a
wild eye my mom recommend it she will
say is amazing is made her like her skin
firmer her phasic sharper and she said
helped her dark circles I don't know I
have tested it but I can't say like
results were very very obvious so but
since the wedding's coming up I'm just
gonna use this anyway it's quite relaxed
and using it doing the under eye area
feels really nice
it's like a warm feeling I'm just gonna
watch TV noise so I'll talk to you guys
in a bit
