now wake up see why he like mommy wake
up okay now wake up
I'm gonna wake up I'm gonna play
okay some of you guys mentioned that our
vlogs are not complete unless you guys
see a shot of tim sleeping on a kite we
have our whole wheat bread I'm a chicken
and you're gonna put some cute I have
avocados I'm just going to throw on a
future tomatoes and Tim's lunch is
served
I was showing Tim these cupcakes I saw
shared in my newsfeed yeah I thought
they were poos at the beginning but the
turns aren't something else that's
disgusting your sister is nice it's so
cute
haha I can't get over it Lauren no it's
not his ears his ears stop here
basically his ears go down up I hear and
the rest is just like hair it I think he
really needs a haircut
Oh
girl look at that body girl look at that
 girl look at that body go girl look
at that body girl look at that body oh
right yeah what happens if I throw to a
got him wrong it's boiled guys why are
you so happy for
you
morning sunshine the part of actually
foggy today I don't have this just leave
thummell is going to get a haircut today
because he kept getting too long that's
what she said
like hurry up yeah we need to wait oh my
aunty tied me into a bunch of my baby
pictures and while I was excited to
check them on I'm such an ugly baby okay
this one's not so bad and even cute this
one I'm okay what's up with this
expression it's okay hmm I like this one
though this is art um very first dog and
he was called a fat there's me next to
hurt I'm like what's happening Tim just
called me and said he just picked up
Donnell from the groomers and we asked I
drew me to cut him a little shorter but
Pennington says I'm gonna be very
surprised I'm scared like what did Amy
Khor doesn't look like ha where is he oh
my gosh they made him look like a super
dog they cut him because it's summer and
it's getting really hot Ali he smells
good yeah he looks like a penis from
above Lisa V a koozie just making myself
some banana oatmeal healthy cookies as
you guys know just got a banana and
oatmeal in there just mash it up in the
blender
however you need to get off but since
I've been waiting for this day for a
while
so I think give her laughing at me hey
are you ready now all nice again but I
had fun with your eyebrows
I love my dogs look when they're out
when you're wet okay time limits even
what
why is the eyeball coming off oh yeah my
room with the day um they're almost gone
yeah lunch nah I'm just hoping I'm place
a full bread with sunny-side up egg and
just cherry tomatoes and avocados yay
got me my own way so I can like some
hunches work right you know from taking
a break from the laptop so these are
just it winders where we got engaged
well we are here at this rush I'll call
really Dooley and this is the place that
Tim proposed the horticulture
my favorite part of the day is when I'm
in bed with my dogs um I'm just gonna
lie back but I just gonna do a little
bit of reading maybe over-bright 30 30
minutes or so before I fall asleep good
night everybody
see you in the morning all I care about
is my little boom girl look at that body
girl look at a 5
