morning sunshine and so it's so pretty
early and I feel like I've done quite a
lot today so yes I'm trying to also vlog
more often for you guys because I feel
like we're beginning of the month I
didn't vlog as much as I'd like to but
at the same time you're not kind of
worried a little bit because you know
I'm worried that you guys will get bored
because in our life isn't that
interesting
I have been on fire with meal tutorial
these days just because you know I've
been so busy and when I fill them
tutorials I can do it you know at night
time I can do with no makeup on and it's
just very therapeutic for me to do my
nails so I've been really really fun and
for half for nigh and chubby actually
has a bit appointment at 6 o'clock so
it's been a really nice Sunday and
managed to really sweat it out at the
gym I think I'm stronger than Tim nah
I'm stronger than you normal let's have
an arm wrestle right turns out he was
serious by the arm
but follow just meet I don't McDonald's
and make any Pizza Hut
let's just be show everybody right here
the other stomach huh
let's see how I'm McDonald's features
against police I only use five partners
I'll use the waters I need only high
water binders this is called the nerve
muscle you captain King this is the
height of your training you can probably
try to yawn like a public suppose you do
you Kathy no Dean I'm s over that I
always wanted to do this so thermo is a
luxury dog looks read a book so I'm just
editing this new nail tutorial and this
Sunday so I'm gonna be spending most of
it just
dude somebody planning uh so can you
guys so much in the last walk I was
telling you guys Santa I didn't have a
very good wedding-dress experience and
my dress isn't what I wanted to be I
know a lot of brides don't even do this
but I ended up like cutting my dress
apart you know taking things away from
it because it was just so much and they
just did such a bad job at it but yeah
thank you guys so much in our last vlog
and we established that I'm always
scared of like random objects
hmm
because I do
no it's a scare
you have nowhere to go I ain't do
anything I just looked at him he just
run to think um going to gym has
actually helped my dark circles guys
like I'm actually not wearing any makeup
no I mean granted it's red from like
going to gym and sauna but like I really
feel like my dark circles are sort of
fading from remember - ow
yeah okay we don't know this part all we
know is that when I'm dead back at the
vet nigh and we thought we'll bring down
more along hello
what it daddy good super day
where did daddy go
and chubby is happy she didn't need to
go into the the vet room the vet just
came out really briefly and checked his
little leg and she was okay to go like
there's a little dog in the cone of
shame and finally home we have a
favorite favorite authentic Japanese
ramen weenie this is for you because she
loves him she's like no whatever and
he's horny come on
everyone seen the morning
