morning everybody time to do some hula
hooping yesterday I was doing um the
back gunfire worker thigh Pilates and oh
my shoulder is so sore today which is
good and my butt hurts as well like when
I clinched it's like oh I'm clicking
right healthier mouth and roll on nice
and tight to your back the lips off
before Oh
drop deep poverty me a curl oh not like
that up and because her leg was bondage
for two weeks and she got used to not
using it so she would pretty much
limping the whole day but today she's
actually using her hind leg
burger burger I don't get it
scorching weather we're both wood
sweating someone
this is so good this is like really good
I'm sorry the question is why is it we
see a lot of topless men is the Hong
Kong but they always seem to ever be you
know yeah hey so remember like the other
day I was telling you guys about my
wedding dress fitting and basically I
said they pretty much put in too many
flowers so I went home I took off all of
our because luckily they did a terrible
job sewing the stuff on so I was left
you know a lot of like flowers so I
thought you know what I want to waste
them I want to do something with it so
here I have a photo frame on tree we're
going to customize it and the best thing
about it is I get to use my glue gun
this is before I'm just going to scrape
it it glue here
this is a complete like okay so apart
from the foil language from this song I
find this video extremely hard let me
know have you heard a keyboard that is
like this
is there a reason possibility so like
our neighbors are playing MJ you guys
here I mean I don't mind them playing MJ
right I mean it is half 12 but it's like
the crazy swearing is going on yeah what
a nice sight to wake up to I'm just
sorting like some wedding stuff and
today I feel bad I'm gonna have instant
noodles I don't let myself have it and
the more than maybe twice a month so
because ramen pretty much has like zero
nutrients in it I like to put some
greens in and some cherry tomatoes just
some vegetables in it because you know
you want a little bit of like nutrients
as well ready to sell a manual tutorial
oh this is hi fellow I just have my
camcorder I have like a light there we
have a dinner
my stomach
this is open drinking
so hungover so this is what happens when
you know you don't go drinking your
fresh face and then this is what happens
when you Cooper case
so we're boom in pain but I'm in pain
because you're over yeah kind of he's in
pain because today you see him and he's
not drinking coke he's not bringing
anything sugary he's having milk in a
milk breath three times of breath I'm
scared off no breath coffee breath and
Timmy breath in the morgue
so people were asking us basically um hi
we managed to get so comfortable of each
other I'm not comfortable if I'm so
uncomfortable seeing all the so um like
how long did it take before like we
start farting right each other probably
took me a week no I think I think I
accidentally farted one time and I
blamed the white dog Oh
and then after he said Oh your parts are
cute and then like the gates open
including my butt full really about
holding oh yeah little joys in life
crawling to your bed see this video my
sister sending me on my little nephew
it's so cute so cute came closer
