like guys he's actually shaving good
dance for me stand for me so awkward you
can be better not come on Tim that's
right yeah dance firm like a short from
you said I was born
there's a miracle again but I'm not a
fat fat fat fat that's what you pay your
creep my nigga my stretch that's right
good morning do it
how are you I hope you're feeling fine
because we worked real hard in the
Chocolate Factory and I really don't get
much till 3:00 that's all we do
check out my t-shirt I'm wearing today
like because I'm a beauty guru today Tim
is getting his car serviced and risk
could pay like chilling with arcsine for
breakfast and that are thinking today
I'm going to be trying on my wedding
dress let's go feed my wedding dress
fitting kind of thoughts because I don't
have my girlfriend's with me so I'm
going to the dress fitting by myself
and guys um
we are picking up our best oh and the
shopkeeper just disappeared and then we
realize he would come Ganga
Tim just a gorilla guilty walking over
honey I love you but I think you need an
intervention
I'm just restocking my snot covered
under him when he's not we watched this
pickable of me to today and tim is gonna
watch the first one and he's never seen
it because he really enjoyed the second
one I have this gel mask on pretty
expensive mclaws's like maybe five times
the price of like a normal sheet mask so
I'm gonna save this nice chill day today
and wells gonna get like the morning but
to feel like got lots done and I were
gonna have some congee I think aunty has
to be one of my favorite suits in a
world
he's like what's what's happening this
is perfect little Domo is scared of
everything
chewing gum chewing gum chewing gum
remote control remote control come come
suck suck snack snack this one doesn't
work remote control see it doesn't wear
chubby afternoon everybody
so as you guys know yesterday I had my
dress fitting and I was I was quite
nervous about it and to be honest I was
a little it was very disappointing um
basically I picked a very simple dress
beginning and then I I told the people
that all do not have this dress in mind
and I oh no no no we can we can make it
for you you know you design and we'll
have it just the way you want okay they
were very specific about that so I
didn't expect them to make it you know
exactly if my dress I thought you know
it'd be kind of similar um but it's just
completely with something different you
can tell I just did it like
half-heartedly you know I am I mean I
guess it's kind of a good thing that
they stitch this stuff on really badly
because I was able to like remove the
florist by myself which made the dress
look a lot better but yeah I guess you
know beginning I wanted a simple dress
because I said I wanted people to
concentrate on you know two people
getting married rather than the dress so
now it's kind of going back to that I
asked this guy to light my candle could
you set the wicks one point you said on
fire how did you - do this I mean used
took a piece of paper and you say oh
honey I think it's safe I think we need
to actually put that out
maybe it's getting ready to film a video
so I just did this nail tutorial it's
kind of like a like a desert-like design
so makes me happy shopping with my
girlfriend so cool like if you look at
the legs moving where it was minute
earlier okay let's call it a balloon and
then shoes in the air are so cool that
makes me you probably won't be big
enough looking forward to the mall shoe
this ah so it was a really good gym
session um just have too big of a desert
and it just feels good to be grinded and
I'm also wearing my train like a beast
looked like a beauty this hop-ons you
know guys exercise is really good for
you it's not just good for keeping fit
and you know looking good it's also like
good for you like for your mind because
I'll help you de-stress um it's actually
really good for your skin because you're
sweating out toxins and improving your
blood circulation I don't know about you
guys but when I see my camera on the
tripod and reminds me of a draft do you
see it why do you pick your creep
