morning huh oh yeah he's stretching
morning papa I got with me from a fellow
subscriber in a meet and greet and it's
my new favorite mug night look how cute
it is made a Sun bringing new energy by
day made a moon softly story by night
made a rain wash away your worries made
a breeze blow new strength into your
being
may you walk gently through the world
and know its beauty in all the days of
your life really really do are yes sir I
said again what any Tessa took see you
kid
don't dig in I knew it
is it because of the free delivery yes
I'm missing nine dollars.com is RP nine
dollars so she doesn't want to miss ice
it costs $12 with delivery so you're
getting a free sausage McMuffin I miss
that little bit seriously when you look
like that when you eat it I cannot buy
you food eating it cause you got me and
I don't want to waste it you guys are
free on there we're gonna have a heart
attack soon
I mean broccoli is amended like lower
part classroom like did you make big
moccasin 3 on an Apple I'm Jay the
blogilates fitness immediate is kind of
good to me and I keeps dropping out my
my I go oh so it feels really good to be
back home
I just tried out this lip mask as you
guys saw me use earlier it's quite cool
it's like a little lip shape remind
Assoc feel quite soft for a knife I just
looked it back
weird it looks I can put this in your
nipples as well hmm
thank gross but I'm gonna rinse them
wash this and I'm gonna keep this so
anytime I want to give myself a little
ask I can't
lather on some Vaseline or olive oil and
just use this is still in the moisture
chubby is getting her operation today
but she has no idea she's a she's
getting lopped okay baby mommy I'll make
it loaded chicken while you're
recovering and I'll send Lu the time
with you okay
hi John I got it yeah don't you wanna
know I looked really sad when we dropped
her off that explained the surgery and
even though it's a common surgery a lot
of dogs get I don't know seems pretty
invasive like there is gonna go thumb
watch on her legs only this long
oh that people wait how free come on
mm-hmm are you ready to pick up your
sister
so here Lindy is in my room with the
dogs look let me hear company takes look
at that carrot leg are you feeling you
think he's not biting
so Lindy was just sitting here trying to
comfort chubby on the pillow and then
dumb with us is somehow somehow squeezed
in like an impossible gap just so he
doesn't get lost like you can't take
that like seriously can you look that
he's smiling morning everybody
so it's a beautiful beautiful day and
chubby seems to be resting really well
and I'm skinny ready to film I haven't
like got dressed or anything yet it's
not even one day since the surgery and
chubby seem to be more herself so I'm so
glad really glad that I came back
instead because you know good to be
there for her when she woke up so and I
was seeing how good at Tim was a chubby
and I think in the future you know when
we you know if were ever blessed I'm
kids he's gonna be such a good father a
lot of you guys are like pops you guys
should have kids let's let's deal with
the wedding first
she looks kind of comfortable the
controller's over there but I can't
reach what do you have like a magazine
or something huh beautiful day hmm do
you guys ever take moments out of your
day to look out your window and just
like wow you know the clouds are pretty
today I hate to do were kites and he
talked on his Pizza Hut Delivery
curative jerk no this is for you
Wow I don't need it
have anybody tried the Oriole Oreo like
pudding from Pizza Hut it is to die for
I'm not joking it's delicious like I
could say no to pizza no but this is so
gorgeous this is gorgeous honey here's
your orange cordial but we're by the
course yeah Oh what so it's just really
water Oh what
what the difference is not a wreck oh
you really must drinking it month in
Orion everywhere don't you look happy
are you so happy for
