yes bugs so I just filmed a little Isis
offloaded a flock video not long ago and
I just wanted to make like a like a
follow-up video for that before I start
I know a lot of you guys are gonna think
bugs you do not need to explain yourself
QB hikes it's not even just that I just
feel like a lot of people can maybe
relate with what I'm saying I love it
speaks to you guys as well so in the
previous vlog I uploaded earlier
basically I
I was in LA and it was wonderful by the
way but um I was ready to go home when
when I finally got a phone call I'm just
telling me about wonderful opportunity
but minutes at the stay for another
eight days so yes in the video I was
quite teary you know like I don't know
what to do
yes I was pretty emotional in the vlog
video but can't a girl cry you know it's
okay to cry you know cranks good for you
sometimes you just have to release your
emotions and I wasn't that I was
ungrateful some people were like grew up
bubs there's people who wait where's
problems it was not problems it was a
great opportunity and I was super
grateful for that I think I was just
overwhelmed because I was so exhausted I
mean it was my fault because I asked to
fit as much you know work in that week I
was in LA as much as possible
so I was getting you know between 1r or
between what the TR sleep everyday which
clearly wasn't enough so I wasn't
functioning from I mean big am the way I
was you know let's do this but towards
and I started to get really tired and
usually I'm quite well put together but
II ticular my sleep and I become bummed
Sylla you do not want to be close to me
when I'm exhausted asked him but I was
not safe I was mentally and
really exhausted um so a lot of you guys
are gonna ask pops what is the
opportunity unfortunately I cannot say
but all I can say it is it's a pretty
big opportunity it will give pretty good
exposure as you guys know I decided to
decline it and I decided to fly home
instead there's two reasons I decided to
go home
number one is only a couple days before
that Tenma told me that she needed to
get surgery so I wanted to be there but
hurt when she won't because it's quite
an invasive surgery and I yeah thank you
guys for your prayers she's recovering
pretty well I mean it's gonna take about
three months for a full recovery but she
should be like up in no time and just
you know a few weeks second reason was
um you know if I really wanted to do
something I know I would meet my way to
get there I mean if I was shot like ten
times but Lee min-ho was in Hong Kong I
would find my way to go Sweden so to end
the day I just really asked myself like
Jen really want to do this would have
mean a lot to make me happy and even
though it seems great on paper and a
great opportunity and the end of the day
you know just because it's an
opportunity doesn't mean is for
everybody and I know a lot of people
could relate to this you know people
could be pressured to do something
because it seemed like the right thing
to do
or just because it was a great
opportunity not because I was scared to
move out of my comfort zone I encourage
everybody to move over cooper zone to be
who they want to be i only realized this
one else in LA but i realized that as a
person I've changed I'm not the person I
used to be two years ago
I mean maybe half years ago I would have
jumped at the opportunity
but my feeling and I'm at a time of my
life where I no longer just want to
think about myself I mean I have friends
who are excelling really willing like
and YouTube whatever it is and I'm proud
of them and there's nothing wrong with
that
and I'm so excited for them but just try
that that you know this just happens not
to be the top priority of my life I
don't want to be super rich I don't want
to be in the big screen I just want to
be able to make a difference and I want
to be able to reach out
I want to be able to serve others and
not totally sure who I'm talking about
yet but hopefully yes it's a trip I just
want to do something in life that give
me meaning ends I don't want to live
like just totally focus on myself I
think I was most miserable in life where
Anila I was milk self-centered I really
do believe the more you give the more
you'll get back and it's not even about
money
you know there's nothing wrong with
being able to be successful my problem
was um you know being stuck in look the
trap up falling in love with money is I
think definitely being in LA a lot of
things came clear to me I mean I was
quite sad I got to be some people who
are just lovely people but it's just
really struggling in the you know whole
LA type of world and le it's a good
place to begin it just depends what
industry you're in and you know really
broke my heart to see that some people
are just you know so lost under the mall
thing and I could do about it so maybe
you're really lucky that I realized you
know what really doesn't matter in life
and I just I just felt so grateful and
then I would definitely spoke about
doing volunteer work you know going to
countries that are you know in need of
help so like if you guys have any
information about that we would love to
like to receive help cuz we don't know
where to start with this yeah but we
just want to do something that brings
like the best in us guy
trust your instincts just because
something seems you know amazing of
paper you know impressive doesn't mean
it's something that's gonna be good for
you it's kind of funny sometimes I get
people saying so so has you know achieve
this in her career so so I see this what
have you achieved and I'm like I mean I
am happy for these people and I
genuinely am
it just happens I'm happy with the way
things are in my life I I like living in
the Hong Kong I like being able to do
what I do
I mean it's all been very very new and I
admit that I have a quite a selfish
person I think a lot about myself and
you know not and starting to feel
compassion for other people as a whole
like it's just feeling so weird it's so
good and I really feel like the holy
spirit is just really you know take over
my body and I don't know what's gonna
happen in a future but you know I know
that and then we find and it's gonna be
amazing
so when you're done let me give this
video so if you guys are lit up bubs
you're such a good person or you're so
sorry or you're good remodel I want you
guys to question yourself are you
bringing the best out of yourself do you
know what you're doing and if that
answer is no then anyone can ask
yourself what can you do to change this
I can see why I love you guys to be like
you know bubs you you're so dumb you
know I would jump by the chance to
travel here you know experience this
lift some life you know Lynch but by
curiously vicariously I don't know how
to pronounce the word so much more to
life than living look seriously sure
like traveling is fun getting able to do
this be able to bypass but the other day
it all runs arts and people just have to
find other forms of happiness you paying
for what you get they have to something
feel the surge of energy of
me and you know I just wanna let you
guys know like people ask me buffs how
do you remain this enough and my answer
is well right Jesus I would be lost I
feel like he suddenly changed the course
of my life and I don't really know where
I'm going honestly but I know I'm gonna
be okay and I have a lot of faith and
anything I know my life is gonna be even
better so yeah that's everything guys so
much for listening I really do hope that
you guys and everything you do you do it
of meaning so I'm gonna do things a lot
differently now and I know my next
opportunity is going to be amazing
because it's gonna mean more to me than
I can ever imagine
