today's Breakfast is breakfast burrito I
heard someone talk about hi Canada
somewhere I tried today so bad guys it's
been treat day every day I am here at
the Blogilates residence hi Kelsey is
gonna be a nice tour of our beautiful
home and now buzz is gonna go on a
shopping spree I know we're gonna get
her some a workout here just like square
with me okay so as you guys know Cassie
she designs aren't very stylish gym gear
so today I get to be a proper posture
yeah okay so see you tonight would fit
me boy totally myself I mean like at
least an inch maybe even two I'm not
joking I'm not joking
wanna know what I had for breakfast
today you do I'm scared to tell you know
you have breakfast burrito okay or do
you much so kind leggings I think I want
short you watch what that's a bloody
shirt that you mean insane train like
Aziz nothing like a piece be who you
want to be some horizontals yeah also
night and this one's a cute Henley this
is really like simple moving ton of
colors and this one's cool you have a
nice sports right oh yeah our shop tops
as well shape in the back and you can
pick a like 10 like I don't care we
leave and take a category I'll take like
one One SPY body fat percentage
so bubs it's just gonna hold it right
here and then I can push start we put
all her stuff
oh really good yes you're really good
yeah when you do it again you don't have
that much fat that's great yeah look at
the happy day it's a happy day I'll show
you the card I'll show you what is it
time okay that's all you can do an
average and again oh yeah okay so we're
like about the same age so Kathy invited
me to her lovely home where we had a
wonderful girly ketchup and she also
trained me privately that day
this is the after head she look normal
I've been doing it for a long time as
you can clearly tell looting is get
busted really good she was really really
sound of you been training really hard
so that's why it pays off good show
we're Mikey okay I better go to gym okay
liquid good
you check out what I'm wearing for my
gym gear from Blogilates haha
check out this chair my epic doesn't
look crazy cuz if I sit up my massive it
is you feel like a king in here isn't
our apartment so crummy isn't her house
so pretty it's so pretty and also be
your city really kicked my butt and
smells it all my makeup off I didn't
feel really good because I haven't eaten
so much a crook I was gonna take crap
crappy junk food I'm probably going to
be in pain tomorrow so caffeine I got a
headache I ever gonna have vegan food um
it's called Nick metropolis and it's
like it's like old we be sent
yeah
like what is a traffic stop it's
actually real like it's Milan yeah so
whoa
is it comfortable empty canvas man NSA
you're all empty what you did I brought
you this as a high school guy I was dirt
away oh good gift from me it's like a my
network and my manager is it made from
like goes it's so weird
weird please contact a friend to edit a
favorite and it's so cool because
additionally our like how do I explain
it
they sound like mansion yeah happy
things like if you order us a stuff like
I am satisfied I have filled I have
connected this is our first time flying
at a key lime pie at custody peppers oh
look do you at the same time
oh it's really cries flavors going on
yeah
I think that's eat it again so I got a
phone call today and sorry man I it's
like a little red I've just been like
physically and mentally tired and I
don't handle you know stress very well
you know I can handle you know being
happy and just optimistic but when it
comes to stress you know I don't deal
with it very well so I got a phone call
with a really huge opportunity but it's
in New York and you know I was just so
ready to go home you know LA has been
wonderful bells you know I was really
looking forward to going back and um I
don't know guys ah I mean I go it means
I won't be able to make videos for
another week for you guys and I feel bad
which means I'll be two weeks I miss my
dogs and um I feel like I need the
support of Tim with me um because I need
to ask myself what I really want to do
really wonderful lifetime opportunity or
being home you know living my normal
everyday but really amazing life
um Ellie has been really great guys I
think I'm just homesick an exhausted or
a Mike you know type of one is coming
soon enough I'm just tired I need to
make a decision in five minutes
well my decision is I decided to go home
and said instead of this I'll just
pretend he opportuni opportunity didn't
happen and I really prayed about it and
I was just like God please give me a
sign and a beginning I said yes let's do
it and then I just felt wrong
I just felt God say you know what lyndie
you were fine before you heard the
opportunity and you're still gonna be
fine regardless and I just think I'll be
happier maybe you're not going felt
really bad telling the team that I don't
think I'm doing it um yeah I think this
is the right choice it must be because
you know instinct um so it's quarter to
six and Wendy and mr. Iman is gonna come
pick me up and we're also gonna have
dinner with Jen and also cristela later
so I'll be good
although the trip was amazing and fun I
was just so exhausted
so having dinner with my gorgeous
girlfriends and her partner's was
perfect way to and my trip and back I
played back into the lands of Hong Kong
back home nothing else Hong Kong sights
home because that's where my family is
plus chubby is getting story due
tomorrow so I want to be there for her
when she wakes up okay
good boy Elmo
