so I'm off to LA tonight the road will
be seen for the next week by quickly
before you know it and you know I am
excited about the trip excited see you
know my friends again you know see the
team and I'll be a productive way so be
good I think the site is gonna be $40 so
that's nice I'm just gonna get I'm
finally here guys
it's left like except the flight my
flight was at midnight okay and it was
like maybe 14 hours long
and I slept through it and I am here in
LA and it's night time so gonna have
difficulty sleeping just checked in on
there's little note for Lindy hi Lindsey
welcome to you Los Angeles we are so
excited to hang out me this week
Claire will pick you up at 10 a.m. for
breakfast while you're so sweet Thank
You Lauren hey some room service cuz I
come sleep hurts maybe
there's like no cars outside yet so just
me or is it when it comes to cactus
plants it's just almost as if it's just
asking to be touched
it's like touch me touch me now you know
you want to getting ready to have
community it's a little cold outside I
think though we're here to grab some
focus and this place it's pretty nice
spring is getting warmer and more
sunnier feel like I should go healthy
but like this looks monstrous I haven't
dressed the bins here in seven weeks so
I'm here the South Hall trail if you're
asleep them they all look like models
Lauren from stylehaul took care of me
most of the trip and she was really kind
to pick me in to see the look showroom
and it was really fun I'm not the most
stylish person but I was definitely so
cool seeing all the pieces so this is
actually a line that fianc√© likes to
wear it looks like something she would
wear already it was really fun trying on
the clothes this dress is actually
supposed to be kind of short but it's
been alone meet the girls all like were
so sweet actually gained Edith's crebbil
initial necklace of a gift and I love it
I'm wearing it right now the show - was
really really fun that cuz like fashion
has never really been my forte
yeah just playing dress-up my you the
Frances
so even though I got to the grill like
30 minutes early
there was actually quite a lot of you
guys and security kick those art but
luckily we find a different location in
a park and yeah I didn't have internet
my phone so I was worried about you know
people turning up and not seeing me but
luckily I think a lot of you guys were
tweeting this so he helped a lot of
people find me it was such a wonderful
day no security was needed whatsoever
and I'm sorry you guys had the key under
the Sun for so long but I like that I
was able to spend one-to-one time if you
get to know your name know a little bit
but you rather than just being a cried
say hello to a picture and go so it was
just such a wonderful wonderful day even
thinking about it makes me smile though
near the end of the meet and greets to
the group that stayed in the end I did a
little brush giveaway so I would test
you guys with questions and you guys
would answer
my friend was there on the location and
he was really impressed of how much you
guys actually knew a bite me are we
going again we are going to the
observatory after the fun meeting greets
my lovely friend Abe took me to visit
the observatory and on the way up
the view is just spectacular so
understand what you guys enjoyed for an
eye
baby media
after seeing all a picture of a model
strange I'm really nervous guys cuz I'm
about to open your very precious gifts
and a meal
my heart's like pumping so fast I need
experience
we're originally I was gonna Flavio
penis stuff but um I just got really
personal and I just want to enjoy the
moment so um I'm like shaking right now
cos you know I'm just so so touched so
thank you so much you know whether you
came out to see me or you know you
you brought me gifts and you know you
wrote me letters I really really
appreciate it from the bottom of my
heart some of these letters were like
being long and I loved it
I also loved the short letters as well
but um it's just so nice obviously I
love everything that if I just you know
what seemed a little bit you know you
have little like come business here you
know little home make fish in you know
thick you know more plushy beauty
products painting tools donut maker you
know I made head and jewelry no more
hair accessories like beauty products
more vlogs on my la trip to come it
feels amazing to be back I miss you guys
so much
