morning and I just films making a video
on cross sedation which is ironic
because I actually kind of procrastinate
on making this video um I have makeup on
today someone emailed me saying Bub's
have you stopped wearing makeup you
should start wearing it again if not
that's I stopped wear eye makeup is just
I actually don't put on makeup low
before lunch boat truth is I actually
don't wear makeup that off and I
probably put on makeup like once or
twice a week maximum if even so and I'm
at home so I wouldn't think like you
know I would need to wear makeup this
guy is a fatty feed and he likes
sleeping on them does anybody's dogs do
that and when you try to grab it he's
like no this is mine
and in case you you're wondering why I
have star puppies I bought it for it a
bikini top i came with these pumps which
I never wear and they were actually my
drawer I had no idea how he got them I
just cut up some strawberries I'm gonna
have them with my homemade I'm healthy
cookies what's great about it is of
course it's healthy and it's not
fattening how's your ordinary cookie and
a little bit of peanut butter on top of
it I'm some strawberries C delicious 31
on the sequel signs you're an introvert
and like despite what a lot of people
think I would say I'm probably an
introvert these days so let's see this
is your inner monologue during after
work drinks not okay everybody coupling
plans is like lottery yeah sometimes I
do feel a little relieved because I
really enjoy just being able to stay
home and relax ah there you go you
master the art of turning a day at home
into something beautiful I've been
wondering why he kept walking into wall
lately but it's just because he purely
cannot see yes you have your attention
as well chubby everybody remember what
he looks like right now
be ready for your haircut you're being a
typical founder of your phone for
example seriously it's all I ever see
everyone here my fur babies are back
from the groomers it look like dark food
bye-bye
mm-hmm Joe everybody will even take some
after year in little trim although you
look fluffy is he so happy you're
distracting us and play music over with
what
this is what I think yes it's over
that was beautiful honey
good
Oh
afternoon everybody this is going to be
the way I'm going to say hi
they roping hello hi I end up the food
oh yeah oh yeah I have to confirm the on
our wedding day if he refuses a wedding
and kicks the door I'm gonna have to go
with him oh I came home to this so sweet
I've been telling Tim that when I go to
the gym it's a bummer like running with
my phone so you got me a little shuffle
so I can just like clip onto my clothes
because it's a lot lighter I'm excited
to use this no you eat it dumb
we have eg here someone is starting to
get a letter sty thanks to no sleeping
et come home it's an item is going to
steam this space and that's going to
help his life thermo it's just in a
really happy mood as always enjoy your
yawn I ready to go to bed soon I have a
meeting tomorrow so fun really night I
believe it's only half 12 I'm going to
be working through tonight again so I
know he'll be hungry so instead of him
ordering McDonald's again sorry kitchens
mess right now frankly none but I made
him a sandwich and I also made him
homemade soup as well Lulu
aren't I good fiance and I just let me
notice in case he doesn't know to soup
in a pot thank you thank you I prefer a
car
