come with me and much charcoal Dawson
nice time for lunch
I feel like gettin bread today so I'm
gonna have whole wheat bread with peanut
butter and bananas wait wait I forgot
Department knows well this is depressing
chubby as usual sleeping on a basket it
was really really tired today
um actually let's answer a very commonly
off question believe asking bubs why
does Tim always sleep with my courage
cuz I kick him out okay guys now I'm
just kidding um Tim works all really
really late um last night he slept at
9:00 he has to get up early to work
again so to prevent him from getting
cheap comfortable sleeping he usually
sleeps in a couch
sometimes I'm he also have the bed in
his office for him to sleep as well let
me show you guys see it was working late
and he forgot to turn the light off so
this actually you know in pula start and
it's a bit she could smell fart the
leather going yeah you can be daddy's
pillow
for dinner I'm having a chicken sandwich
with lettuce tomato and avocado soon
having chicken curry to finish editing
this wedding talk video and I'm just
browsing some websites so I think you
can Pinterest is a Pinterest or
Pinterest let me know is one of the
happiest website on the internet and I'm
also on this website called Mountain
High Street calm and they made really
cute things
whyever some of this stuff is
ridiculously stupidly priced for example
I mean you know stuff like this you
suffer eight points you can easily make
this yourself with some like tissue
paper yeah well not easily make it but
it's still possible to make this alright
come on
I can make this one okay I'm totally not
selling though the website my friend
sent me a like little video off her
neighbor's dog okay is half twelve poor
team is still working so I'm gonna make
some homemade soup
whoop min-woo the carrots I'm sure
there's a faster way to do this but I'm
scared I know I can
haha really really sweet children please
you're so pretty too tim is off to do
two big orders and usually when it comes
to like the smaller individual orders I
pack them myself and I should really
enjoy it so here I have the brush it's
kind of laid out on the table like no
pretty and after thank you cards here
here in my cupboard a dress that you can
see an order and I just follow and pack
into these envelopes most important
thing is guys oh yeah I just watched
this video by caffeine Blogilates on a
healthy ice cream cookie sandwich recipe
so I'm going to try all you need is
bananas and oatmeal this is going to be
the cookies it's pretty much as votes
and then with bananas mixed together an
agent wrote stuck in my house so you
need two little circle shapes then
there's what this is what the cookies
look like wow they actually kind of feel
like a cookie as well so let's let this
cool die and let's make the ice cream
well beforehand
I took one banana on my slicing coins
like Cassie said now I can put them in a
blender
I guess I should have let my cookie cool
down more cuz my banner I scream has um
melded but let's see if this test is
good though my scream melted I can
totally imagine like eating these
cookies of strawberries or berries oh
good hmm mom's gonna be gentle a little
grumpy baby
stop using my physio AI lotion because I
ran out and look my ex and I came back
hey actually hurts it's dingy and sore
I'm gonna take an oatmeal box it's very
good for my guys like a happy soul just
the ten dishes rose petal
come on Dom Oh
he's like this hair to cut
