beautiful beautiful sunny day and so
here I have a bag of some like wedding
eats that I got a met a few days ago so
I'm gonna share some stuff of you not
all of it because I still wanted to be
surprised so let's start off with this
up on actual day of the wedding we're
going to have fresh flowers but the week
after we're going to have the Chinese
bike with dinner
okay so flowers are expensive and you
know really don't want to buy fresh
flowers for both of them so it just
works or easier for us to have fake
flowers for the Chinese banquet and it's
actually really cute and a lot cheaper
as well so when I pick up the bouquet at
my mom and I like design together like
it really hit me I'm gonna be a bride in
11 weeks so so scary so this is what the
bouquet looks like on the actual wedding
day you know the week before helping
join a bouquet and someone's going to
take it but can I keep this one since
you know I don't know you guys tell me
if I can these are the corsages for the
right dates and these are all fake this
one's coming out again OOP gonna get
mystic girls to be wearing this really
pretty isn't it it does look like a real
florals and it's roll from afar it looks
like I put on face book fact I bought
the button cool sort of guys I love you
guys rent butt holes so typical so this
is the buttonhole I believe these ones
are for our parents to wear I think the
groom wears what's your true I don't
know what it would appease anyway and
fake petals just sprinkle on the table
again on the day of the wedding and the
Western wedding we will have real petals
the throat but board a table and we're
gonna have these ones because they're
bigger and they're pink
I got this to wear for a wedding like
so it this makes me want to eat pesto
chicken so you just kind of stick this
on your boobs and it could be your bra
and each table they're gonna have one of
these so some type of thing is going to
hold it so this is Table one and you
guys have seen that our wedding
invitation if you haven't already it
looks like this so it looks like a
passports
and you know there's the details you
know the groom's name is I almost like
this is your pops portrait of weddings
so I really like the idea I showed you
this already this is just a gift fit for
people to sign their name like this so
again the color matches of different
wedding only there that white card is
rid of old jewels which I'm so tempted
just pick away but it's all good and it
just opens up like this some people just
sign it and it opens on and on and on
and on this is just a little pillow
border ring which reminds me need to put
my ring on I need your help guys I don't
know how to pillow works is just sit on
top of it or um I hear some people tie
the ring on the ribbons I have no idea
and just some pink patches um I don't
know I'll sing about getting girls like
some stuff and just putting it inside
this or we can use it to hold rose
petals so people can throw I don't know
yet but I just bought it for now I hear
I have some hair accessories I think I
want to keep this a surprise for today
so and we'll show you guys this one if
you guys come back mmm this is actually
for a Chinese my quick cuz I'll be
wearing like this type of red like like
traditional going so I have parted the
red shoes for that so
here's emojis I have more stuff again
it's been shipped over read choose
Chinese style one of my bridesmaids
Susan is trying on my price basis so you
guys you guys see what it looks like
Rhys nice dress so purposely I decided
to go for the coral color because it's
more summery and like I it's low II only
let him with the go it's weird because I
feel like it just really flew by but
these last several weeks just feel
really long to me I'm feeling that when
the wedding's over I'm gonna miss being
engaged um it's just being engaged it's
just a nice feeling you don't makes you
feel special but I'm sure like being a
wife is a lot better looking forward to
the bachelorette party cuz my best
friend is gonna be organizing it for me
so I'm really excited but also scared at
the same time I'm you guys have asked me
bugs am I going to be vlogging the
wedding of course I am it's not even
going to be a question so I hope the
video will be nice you know I hope by
having a video up it feels and you guys
are there because to me you know you
guys are invited to wedding you guys are
part of us
