morning everybody is 5 to 8 we are all
very tired we are heading to our hotel
room and I'm staying with microphones
Wow nice 39 Oh everybody here not as
we're all drumming lunch is so so hot we
this is my very first meal and lilac and
that this is crap because these are
salmon egg cheese and bacon ellipses
monsters crackers
yeah
tell us girls are ready to hit the beach
to the pill we go oh we're so we're
summer house oh no do you think the guys
are here yet oh my gosh Nick Oh Jess
relaxing at the pro girls
tonight
so pull was come the same time like me
Susan and Queenie will sport together
but in swimwear um he just got dressed
up cleaning show everybody you're at it
hey lady
so what I'm actually wearing black as
well and I never wear black
Susan Chisholm bit Susan show everybody
here finding area and an ARF hotel floor
wrong computer dirty pillow table here's
the guys we're not getting some food and
then we're going to be walking here cuz
topic is already fat apparently and
that's like we're going to be eating
here
my name hello I
at a bully-free am
I just decided to come to my bed and
this is what I see pictures of boobies
and penises trust boys to be immature
let it drop bang let's drop mr. music
all over your first night the guy gonna
girl decided to have children Italy just
really need food neither presence care
where they can I can open again they
kanji we just had breakfast and I we are
heading off to affix our spa popper in
session this is the boundary spaces I
tie looks quite pretty
we hide like so we're gonna strip down I
thank you donated and these are the
girls he's gonna be massaging it we are
to get 8 a.m. meal here so they prepared
this room for us to dine in for a little
break and we also have food substitute
some rice with shrimp this LT Holly now
craft looks heavenly Lisa say the girls
enjoyed the six hour session it was
truly needed after the night hurt this
condom is the most delicious
Tom handle I've ever ever had spicy but
delicious how did a good the food was so
delicious in Karen I must have gained
that we match our grammar to at least I
just asked the guys what's up this done
and apparently there's actually
everything for it does anybody know why
okay exercising we decided we're gonna
just chill so we have fling she's making
us pancakes for tonight
so that she's cutting the straw because
we're being packings and ice cream of
strawberry we have some drinks music and
we're like treating our skin as some
it's a sunny day we're just grabbing our
breakfast we didn't know this place our
complimentary breakfast so we're like oh
my gosh
we have some bacon sausage hash browns
tomatoes and fried rice it's going to
eat healthy when I go back we are back
in Hong Kong I am we're just going to
grab some food before we leave the
airport I was your chips
was the most memorable part of your
company
