did you know we bring the sound so
nobody provides more than everybody cool
Ella Baker he just ventured to rain to
come eat here completely soaked so we're
taking up my Kevin here so you can try
jazz on it while she sings I'll never
understand why some people like to watch
other people's games they say it's like
watching football but but better gonna
need some help
no what's your math Lygia kasi Hey - be
there then it's like every reward and
after a hard work we have guests will
friends in our house look what they're
both doing afternoon everybody
that's requested mini TV and makeup look
on this like the oven wearing with me so
I feel um that's a day for you guys so
stay tuned for that
in the bugs beauty channel Department is
a mess today let me show you guys good
wait
wait
yes we're gonna try and play this game
called saboteur whilst watching dota a
pack Falls watching Doki of course these
are going to be our table number for
words whatever you tell them okay so
something's can be holding it like this
and this is going to be table 10
we're not long ago as you can see it's
packed
I bought some stuff my dark circles are
like varn random city which is where
they get their badges oh the word out of
my mind let's suppose this is what it's
like for the guys who show me the crew
tomorrow the dolls are gonna be sent off
the doggy comfy no we'll be separated
for four days I miss you so much I just
finished packing for my trip to Taiwan
apparently it's going to be 39 degrees
Celsius I'm gonna get you back in four
days okay and meantime you have some of
other dolls you get good dog
I have to say there is something
strangely relaxing about listening to
the rain and the Thunder feels it's
almost as if I'm a Korean drama watch
this
if you remember it's dirty I went
shopping so I'm just going to show you
the stuff I bought I'm so excited that
Hong Kong and I have Innisfree stores I
think Innisfree has to be one of my
favorite Korean makeup run so I got
these um like lip Rouge pops remember I
braved a lot up by the lip tints well I
got more so they changed the packaging
since then and they know I look like
this so these are different colors and I
got these new polishes so it's kind of
like a set um looks quite pretty I think
so we put this on first and in this an
indica litter the dogs aren't here
anymore I miss them so much just had a
good cry just I miss my dogs my nose is
red even a vicious for a few days Isis I
missed him I was know quite well it
this is hi guys pack you may assume I
spent a whole day just carefully
deciding what I'm going to use and I'm
gonna pack two items to give me 20
minutes
this is what you're drinking at Neil's
Doug Ducey 72% is happy Zenith well it
looks like Pocius this is poor I can
take this bottle online okay Thank You
Kathy put like this for fun I hope
there's no pain look what I forced them
to do
