hi everyone just did a photo shoot of me
in the brushes today so I'm gonna be
working on those today I haven't really
had a chance to really exercise lately
so I'm gonna be doing that let's try
this what
three 17 18 19 20 30 squats I'm 30
lunches one two seven twenty eight
twenty nine thirty ten six seven eight
nine all right
39:40 second-ever 1750 19 2015 2 / 6 2
sorry just did the sexy leg work cut and
it's actually quite doable it does
actually will meet every 30 minutes
check away my sweaty
I've got like a tear come foot I think
it's just a sweat here I'm gonna go wash
my face and take a shower Mike I need to
try to camera off first I just sent Tim
this which is you know type so
girlfriend / wife so here you have the
type that's I guess very obnoxious I
guess you know on my foot
am i ugly and then you had to tag here
that's you know type of girlfriend cries
a lot and they had to hyper here that's
you know say for the boyfriend doesn't
give me money I guess and then this one
is the type that likes to go shopping
like crazy and here you have the
suspicious type always checks upon you
and then you have the overly attached
girlfriend so I like which one of my
choose wisely Tim he says you're 85
percent top left and 15% bottom right
and I'm like you're wrong answer is I'm
none of them oh that looks so fake and
a little little hat on you as well hey
yo thug for life
this'll gosh yeah
this is actually a card from my friend
card as you guys know and even though
Tim and I aren't married yet I think
I'll be key to frame this you know the
car kind of stops off a little high but
I think it looks really doesn't it guys
we are here at our fan tip again and
first him sneaking up by eating the food
hey tell me why so much okay all right
yeah that sounds really good just
boiling some of the chicken got some
avocado got lettuce some slices of
tomato as well
don't feel so well today you know like
those type of pians girl
I'm pretty sure you guys are getting fed
up with me showing what I eat is always
salad but this is really yummy I just
have cucumbers cherry tomatoes of course
I mean I have some tuna in there and
then I made a egg that's running I
cracked it all over and it's delicious
mush these couple days I've just been
networking and I've just been working on
like the photography of the freshers and
I'm just getting the pictures done our
pre-wedding boo is finally hung up what
do you think guys I think I'm a bit like
loads of frames on this bowl so this is
what the picture looks like
you
it is a better rainy rainy day um Tim
just off to do some errands so I'm
sweating for him and the car and he's
gonna get a haircut yes
we know he needs a haircut guys
like so guilty getting chocolate
well-mixed Allah
someone has got a haircut show everybody
your hair
that's fit you calibrate home I bring
these for home Hey
it's high success that makes me feel
very lucky to just have a roof over my
head
drool pink from the lease a bubble hair
color okay I'm gonna take my clip and
let it sit my hair for about 30 minutes
morning everybody
um just going to be filming a video
today on bra fitting um sorry I haven't
been flossing lately I've just been
really really busy so um hopefully a
people flock more often for the next few
days
so this is actually my hair color look
you guys can see it looks like similar
to my existing hair color but have a
another something that's were rich about
it not much change but um I like it
this is what alcohols are you kids don't
do this after mom
