hello everybody its Bob sorry oh so I
thought I'll fill a maze blog video
today just catching up and just trying
to get like a point across because I may
have said something that misunderstood
some of you guys so this afternoon I
posted a tweet just saying you know what
guys I support you guys 101 percent in
making your videos and you know a lot of
times people comment oh guys can you
check out my channel in the comment
section of my videos not just my videos
but other people's videos that's fine
too everybody's entitled to comment
whatever they want in the comments below
sometimes I even get people emailing me
sandbox key check out my channel which
is not something something I love to do
but then there's some people would even
like kind of push it a little bit more
saying can you share this with your
subscribers um please don't get me wrong
guys I mean I get a little sense of
disappointment when I when I do hear
this cuz there's a lot of people out
there who are just disappointed because
they don't have as many subscribers or
views as they would like and when I read
their emails it's easy to see why
because I feel like some people are just
making videos for the wrong intentions
I was only true for maybe a year before
someone you know people really started
to watch my videos so I was pretty much
invisible but I just kept doing what I
did because I just enjoyed it you know
and you know what I see people post in
the comments please check out my channel
I can understand when you're doing it
but I just think is this so much more
worth it when someone like just comes
across your tunnel by themselves you
know because I know what it feels like
to accidentally stumble on someone's
channel and you know I know the
excitement I get from just thinking oh I
love this girl she's she's so cool I
feel like people are just always looking
for shortcuts these days you know and
diets people are taking simple
because they don't have time people just
want to be successful the quick way
everybody just wants to take the
shortcut and today the internet like
we're just so much more lazy or not and
you know you notice saying no pain no
key and sometimes I get people just
saying to me bubs I wish I had as much
subscribers as you do or I wish I was as
happy as you are and honestly I just
start like I didn't get it wishing you
know things take effort and you just
kind of live life just expecting things
to be served on a plate for you and I
don't say this in a way that I'm trying
to be like ignored I see it as a sense
of like you know caring because I
believe that this is how you can really
gain you know from just putting more
effort in I want to tweeted me saying
but doesn't everybody deserve a chance
and that's absolutely true
um usually when I see something that I
really love I always share it but like I
said before it's just so much more worth
it when you can really order yourself
now a lot of people are miserable and
they complain about being unhappy and
they want to be happy but then you know
you would hear them just talking but so
by by other people they're always
judging others it's like no wonder
you're miserable and just like you know
with weight loss I think people shoot
instead of just focusing on oh I can't
do this or army delay so I think what
people should really focus on is just
I'm going to lead a healthy lifestyle
I'm going to eat healthier I'm going to
be better for my body and you know when
you do all of that eventually your
weight loss will follow behind and it's
just like YouTube you know when you're
on YouTube as long as you keep yourself
focused you put the effort in you have
good intentions on what you're doing
then eventually your your subscribers
will follow through I highly highly
encourage you guys to just enjoy to play
some likeable competitiveness of I want
subscribers or own fears destroy that
because
is one thing that will destroy your
passion for YouTube so don't get
yourself too caught up in that I'm not
saying you guys can't post hey guys can
you check out my channel comments below
you
yeah of course you can but I'm just
saying you can't totally rely on that I
don't feel like this type of idea is
sustainable enough um you want to really
like capture your audience and you know
what guys are some of the biggest
entrepreneurs in the world didn't get to
where they are by wishing you know they
have to earn it a team effort it takes
time and you get so much for listening
to me and I shall talk to you guys very
soon so take care everyone I love you
rah
