we're going to be watching a van Jersey
I just uploaded this new flog and what
are you okay sorry are you okay honey
are you okay seriously okay my mom let
me feel please
looks likes almost also watching TV are
you watching TV as well
sister
ah poor latch I'm having again chicken
sell up an egg so call me the pups can
you share the recipe for making a salad
I'm like um I just cut up some of the
vegetables and I boil the chicken there
really is no recipe if you want you can
put dressing in but if you can you know
off your obviously testicle or fight it
I'm actually watching all of my vlogs
again and it's so cool I've been like
laughing and smiling so much because it
really is like a video diary and it's
mega with me
why click I not turn back from judging
this guy
Chubby's wanna posted you know when she
curls like that yep gonna poo soon be
turning oh crap I feel ran so much okay
we need to go home I'm going I wasn't
that idea
I'm laughing at myself I totally am
don't you be laughing your neck Dumbo
doesn't like popping for sure but she
hit the hairdryer he's scared of it
ah so good coming home and then taking a
nice shower and washing my hair and then
getting the dogs like nice and clean
again I'm just trying to think back to
earlier and I was like oh this guy like
so black so silly I thought I knew it's
gonna rain by thoughts I could quickly
walk them and come back but yeah so dumb
so very dumb damos leash broke so I had
to run carrying him and if we're
whatever reason chubby just wouldn't run
I could drag her well in flip-flops it
was a nightmare that was finally nice
and dry
I smell get tea penis feels wet
Oh even though this afternoon wasn't too
great I believe it could still pick up
because Tim and I are going to be
looking for our wedding rings today and
then we're gonna have a double date with
her friends dinner and then followed by
movie arm on three hitting on Tim life
you would think because I'm the girl I
would be the one kissing him women know
he's always the one so while I'm waiting
might as well see some wits Oh
Cassey from Blogilates is two stop signs
you don't have to do with said bring the
arms behind your back so really squeeze
your shoulder blades or whatever you
could buy anti reps 5:20 what would
everything I do and if I
and I'm waiting for friends or whatever
I I think it's called a cow freeze and I
learned it from like in a half they work
right so just gonna tiptoe I by fact
I've let my field listen touch the grass
boom just always flexing my calf muscles
I just play and this really works your
cow so you get there runner cows just
kind of my nose we've been there we can
see although I don't stay with a point
cuz the nail just seems like everywhere
but the bin it's kind of package from my
friend I'm surprised it says Bridal
surprise I don't know what's in there
Karen every watching this you shouldn't
have I'm actually really excited
my day is picking up already it's really
tight no I'm not Oh wrapped up against
idea oh it's Victoria's Secret serious
Timothy's seriously awesome little
bracelet Oh two of them oh this is nice
I'm gonna wear this oh then you'll be
mrs. ng
number oh look each tags we can need for
honeymoon actually I'm gonna wear this
on the day I get laid
no get ready for the winners day Oh oops
I just find another one here I'll be off
as a pair of pi T for the word bride at
the back thanks Karen oh this is going
to be the ring that I think I'm gonna
choose
I think this suits the
me setting more sparkly and this is the
one I'm gonna get
yeah yeah so we're very happy today
these little things look like little
penises
I think they look like schema soups we
just got a ring and just going to be
friends and have dinner right there from
me
Shia just talk too much
Iron Man March
what watch Iron Man 3 what do you think
yeah I thought it's alright you watch
your enjoyed it a always got time for
Tony Stark
