Cooper
okay for breakfast today I'm having
avocados tomato cucumber and egg salad
clothes going on just sorting out some
clothes
I want unto wanna just close that I
could donate stuff Shelby you ready
Atmos abdominal chicken you can't eat
you can't finish them be ready to have
dinner with friends
I mean I'm gonna be heading to our
friends house for dinner when I really
hurts today even though he can't really
see it guys it's like underneath I think
I got a sty
so I'm really hurt so I'm kind of
thankful is not my lashline so it's not
like swollen but I don't know what hope
it doesn't get swollen my fiancee guys
why do i heartless honey but why do I
hope you guy don't know cuz you're evil
oh well I had a slide 4 months ago you
laughed at me so much I did not do Dora
you laughed at me and I felt like I
wanted the larger items laughter grab
some like cake and Chubby's just waiting
for Jim to come back we always smiling
are you happy get up dear friends hi
Scott Johnny represent us as well so did
stippling sword equal
guess what Saturday which means I could
eat whatever I want today and Genoa bro
start off with ramen it's actually one
of my favorite foods ever but I really
don't let myself eat it more than more
than once a month
ramen actually contains a lot of wax and
glue so you want to get rid of that
stuff first stead of oil first see the
water gets kind of murky and kind of
flighty so that's when you take this and
empty it and it is
take some with the get water back into
it again
back here if you like your noodles
crunchy then you can obviously drain it
earlier I just like my noodle soft quite
like and forward to reading this
well I indulge in it so a nice Saturday
morning going to spend today just
chilling right I forgot to mention if
you're having noodles it's quite good to
put some color in it so I've got some
tomatoes cherry tomato which Bayside
that we're but I really like it and I
have an egg with it as well just for
some protein
I get remembered that I have one of
these babies whoa here we go
doesn't hurt actually Oh actually
doesn't hurt so much oh it's a type that
hurts afterwards oh I'm just gonna
meditate for it paint these pain pain
you just watch TV when you do this but
the more you do it is the less it hurts
and for me I think it really helps to
give me that with you know go I got it I
got it
this is actually my second or third is
because I believe my first two ones I
just swung too hard I like jr. and it
just snapped
so like be more gentle so basically the
bigger your hoop the more you'll feel on
your waist some had to get smaller
lighter tips which is what I used to
start off with so this is a arm workout
that's Cathy shared and you just take
your arms to stop sides and you just
really squeeze them behind your back
you're not just going whoa like this you
have to really bring them back so though
just multitasking just discovered that
you can squat when you're doing this so
Oh work shirt your butt on your side
under ways hey you're poopin
do you remember that little thing I was
pink yesterday my crap color yeah
okay okay you get birthday you might get
large remember I was tidying clothes
yesterday so these are clothes she quite
a lot of bags we have clothes have one
two three four five six bags of clothes
I'm actually a big bookworm so usually a
nighttime when I want to wine die I just
read a book so the book I'm reading
right now is called making good habits
breaking bad habits so just started so
hard
um yeah I'm putting join it so I give
dog food so I can relax Hey
