another gloomy day I think I must do the
the Sundance sand dance um right now I
tim is looking into making something
called a honey fun so we already have
apartment so instead of people giving us
gifts from our bradstreet we're going to
what is it Tim it's like a little
website and people just give whatever
mm-hmm just to go towards our honeymoon
and he's gonna be planning the honeymoon
but I'm not I like to see because it's
gonna be surprised
I'm excited already what are you the
guilty why do you like guilty I think
dogs I love has ears good I do
thank you but Damo I read this post this
morning when I just got out from bed has
2627 signs you're raised by an Asian
immigrant parents so one before prom
your parents had stern words for your
date bring her home by 9:00 I wasn't
even a lydite actually so that doesn't
come from me I wasn't even allowed to go
to prom so that's one they ordered hot
water at restaurants yes they did in
fact it's actually boiled water plus ice
cubes however weird is that they coach
you on starving before a buffet and
gorging only on rabbi and lobsters that
is true your mum's always convinced it's
too cold
ha I love this one this is so true and
20 reasons why go to a gym is a waste of
time so the one I really thought was
funny was a cat one check this out guys
this is why I'm never getting cut in the
morning you have the honey he has the
juice of a lemon zest the garlic the
Dijon mustard and also some black pepper
come on get it nicely soaked place it
inside
a dish in the oven summerlin 11 minutes
ago I'm just boiling the veggies and
provide you live carrots and celery and
then I have like a little salt bowl here
you know some lettuce cucumber and
tomatoes ready for dinner 9 C Tim HUS a
potato of his I'm just gonna have my
metallic so this might be it appropriate
because these are my patties but I don't
know but you guys but I get really
attached to them I mean look at this one
there's sometimes like a hole in the
crotch I I was featured in just like a
small post and then Marie Claire my team
and they actually sent me three coffee
the best thing is actually haven't read
it yet so I have some reading I can do
Hey
oh wait this is the feature um Beauty
house partners me and of course Claire
Asahi I'm Chloe as well brushes galore
here for a meeting my I could at my
meeting can flip-flop
you know to awesome feeling when you
just turn ice char um really like I just
mere drawn but um just want to show you
guys at the table actually opens up like
this what do you think oh that's so cool
then I realize I can't see myself if I
put on makeup they go like this which is
such a silly invention tinning the past
two hours cleaning the clothes keeps
playing I'm glad they can have fun
cleaning up this mess
you know sometimes when you start
something and you just want to finish it
but because you started you must sure go
dogs are getting trim today no I'm
welcome barely see it's a beautiful day
check the site listen walk in a row
beside a joke IRA and what was in your
hat
you ready grab to these chocolate okay
then you can have these in Victoria
chocolates
then you can have those horses will
goofy bears on offer
oh gosh yes oh yeah this is for the
fridge so it's mine
I eat this for the car Carlos or not you
need this for the car
he's a $9 each so they're on offer I
didn't move enough hi everyone oh ah
wait here we these are $16 with Roxanne
off oh yeah this for the car go mm-hmm I
just took back one of those burger can
be nicely speak apparently I'm stinky I
thought I'll also show you guys does
cool arm on exhibition I pass by I'm so
excited to watch a movie in let me see
6/8 yes oh my gosh Timmy hey Timmy
shooter she looks like a sausage either
- nice lift my hand watch it
okay traffic oh yeah see everybody had a
good dance I thought balls of all how
did you get that idea
hurry up and walk me how much longer
must I wait
even double my really one
