alright I'm gonna sneak up on them okay
and you guys see what happens what he
does
huh
all right yeah I was in the living room
earlier but I just I just couldn't work
she couldn't work the TV was there under
stubble
yanking on chubbie teal trying to get
her attention she's not working Hey
I cannot believe this guy's I was
brushing my teeth with this hand and
then suddenly I did something in my
wrist really hurts him IRA my resin
really hurts I hurt my wrist brushing my
teeth
well my friend Cassie taught me this I'm
quite a healthy breakfast and it's
basically a mashed banana
I'm eggs mixed it together really and
you get a healthy banana pancake and I'd
like to have like two handfuls of fresh
fruit maybe so I got strawberries here
mm-hmm
delicious so actually seasonal Candice
and I'm going to just put makeup on it
to see how it goes the eyes a little bit
this is actually kind of relaxing quite
a nice thing to do
and for lunch I'm just having a salad
sometimes when you're trying to eat
Whole Foods
it does take more effort of course it's
gonna be easier to grab a packet of
crisps it's easier to make noodles
that's instant but you just know this is
so much better for your body
hi chubby getting ready to go I thought
I'll quickly show you guys my face so is
my friend's birthday I'm just going to
head out for dinner do a bit of bar
crawling did it an attendance
get up here so this is what I'm wearing
and my one of my favorite I'm like
sleeveless voices I like it cause it's
faded got white in it and oh pretty
button and underneath I'm wearing like
oh I just got this is actually just a
fast pop but I bought it specially
because I like this really priced
underneath um I think I'm going to
change to like leggings section light
and wearing this creamy cardigan so
nothing too special just something
cutesy and girly Rachel sighs eight
others too
cruise ship over there and enjoy the
skyline to an audio note on my best
friend
even though we're halfway across the
globe from each other we still talk to
each other like almost daily I got her
wedding invites and by a week ago on I
forgot to show you guys so it looks like
this look it's a wedding passport how
cool is that it's not pretty
wedding passport and 11th of August 2013
Timothy M bindi hello there stuff in
there that I can show for privacy
reasons I hope you guys understand so up
to cover some information here is the
little birdies and it says and they
lived happily ever after and then you
open up whit whit whit just cover up
some crucial information here so as you
can see use X like this you open it up
and almost looks like the inside of a
passport right you see our photograph
these your photograph our names um yeah
that was really cute idea this part with
nice Sparkle
oh my she did another one just for fun I
shouldn't see it
seven-thirty and I stayed her time I'm
still working on then like work stuff I
have lemon chicken and a lot of
vegetables so this is one of those like
healthy healthy meals if a taste is good
I'll let you guys know is actually my
first time making this making the
vegetables no Tim you don't need it no
you don't know yeah geez take a child no
you're getting celery
I'm even not even like a mother yet no I
thought my card
you just watched his table mmm you're
gonna have a delicious dinner carbs are
you serious
damn I will let him eat the oven and I
she's like at a party deep fried
whatever contractors because he's not
getting so this dinner he sits in
silence he is mad because he does not
happen the potatoes bellowed all joins
him they both sit in silence
this is Tim eating his first healthy
fish meal Wow thank you mom
please tank hard with Nicola just mop in
college
