the other half coming yes yeah and he
really and well they come on yeah come
on yeah basically he's on come to Cochin
icky things team with you know some high
someone's getting spoiled today because
someone's been a really good boy on a
good Big Brother what you got doggy you
want them all doctor you get it
are you guys having fun Wow okay I think
close the door and keep pushing Chloe
guess I'll watch Chloe what's your hands
good my push yeah where are we going we
have friends remember I'm coming yes ha
and a niggle if I'm going - yes - well
they come on yapping yapping basic
putting his on coming - he'll do to keep
dignity within your to know sometimes
your house
yeah well my buddy everybody's okay
we are about to walk the dog you need
how long is a suppressor for it goes up
almost sit again again any more
Authority Isaac so you were one before
uncle are we gonna go rent come on bread
bread bread yeah okay thanks we're
training this guy early oh oh I think
they're near the road I'm outside you
like one month since I like frailest you
don't usually finish and where I come in
today
girl was so happy when Tim got back like
I was already on my bike and she was
like ready in her car seat we're ready
to go fishing
really nice we can friends coming over
and a really creepy news all our friends
I have a better little girl I think you
so could you keep shining water on you
can ask the question in Isaac is that
your girlfriend ah you sure who's your
girlfriend really do you want to kiss
Chloe home again over a refresh
okay because made a nice mom buddy all
right we're gonna miss glory
I'm your girlfriend I like this like it
I think he's your best friend
one more a buddy's best friend you know
it's true
Anna is getting her passport photo taken
today
Oh nestled a dark for either I'll trust
her to like spit up right before thank
you everybody
so there thank you oh my huh oh man we
are going to go get some Demi I think
you're going to hit Teddy are you gonna
pay for yourself
throw some money can this bar you Julie
I think some guys beginning a picture
office all right where is it
Wow people yay can we go play for
everyone let's go will be his first time
paying for morale high yeah we can make
another change today is 21st of July
which means yesterday was a little
facial one-month birthday so we're
actually going to be doing a 100-day
celebration but today we're just going
to be doing like a small sort of like
dinner thing to celebrate her one month
anyways I'm sure you guys heard pop
recorder was so funny because she looks
so dirty so cute they died a Marni is
lucky back then it was quite which is
all for since by dyeing the egg it was
like a really serious absolutely did I
think that I got you over stimulated and
she got really tired so she got that
puffy knees I think like I just come for
a little bit because we're so occupied
with a love that you know we didn't
realize that you really need to do
boiler MEP just tell us a little bit
super thing
Arnel it was a lovely evening thank you
to everybody who came kids are washed
ready for bed and while I'm competing in
online I come over to get a shower go to
bed okay next one
