getting wetter and wetter by today
just making some breakfast a boiled egg
and just slice that with some fresh
cucumber and cherry tomatoes sauce and
light because we're gonna corn and much
of it so I thought I'll show you guys a
sneak peek off our new brushes hi Gemma
Thomas joining us today so back in our
brushes that used to be packaged in like
little gift bags and back then we didn't
really really have as much of a budget
my we can finally have packaging and
actually design the packaging for
bouquets so this is the essentials kit
and this is the full kit since your kit
looks like this so you know even if it's
with other gifts you know it's quite
nicely packaged die and it tells you you
know what brushes you have at the back
and what it's used for you know shop
websites it's great for people who are
even starting off as well and you could
pretty much do your everyday makeup
looks with all the brushes in this kit
okay so why go to the complete brush kit
so there is a total of twelve brushes
but again to them or dual brushes so
it's kind of like fourteen brushes so
just going to spread it out and this
time the bill kit actually comes with a
professional brush roll okay
looks at this as you see this brushroll
is specifically designed for these
brushes so you can also purchase the
brushes individually so they're a
package like this very cute
it's got like a baby pink background
with bobby all over
well we actually get the full stock
within the next week and when we get
them all we need to do is you know take
the talk fee and stuff and then we can
like release them on the website so
we're really really excited
can't believe my best friend got to see
my nephew before me for tight going down
and up
lowering it work so we got much more
don't have a boy
Oh pizza whatever you want from my
favorite song of the moment
Oh like push it really - you are baby
whoa five four three two um we're going
to be hanging right for a friend's
birthday dinner and then afters I think
we're gonna go like sing karaoke
so i'ma show you guys my I fit and like
my hair and all today's actually got
this yesterday as you guys know and I
just like it because it's maybe it's got
a cute neckline is it cool scalloped
neck or Peter and mom met Peter 1 Peter
pun neck and then like um bows and then
I also got this skirt as well and it's
fun because underneath is actually a
pair of shorts and it comes with this
build as you can see and sculling little
keys in it I love it when you buy like a
pair of shorts or skirt and they give
you free bells I never buy those because
they always come free yep so that's my
outfit and for my hair you guys can see
it's getting very very very long it
looks even longer the way I styled my
hair I like if you look at it looks as
if I don't have layers in my hair and I
actually do what I did was some weight
this is my hair normally I can see I've
got like layers coming down here I just
take a bobby pin then I'm just gonna
scoop my hair like this okay so should
my bobby pin underneath it so this side
of my hair is suits backers
so it looks like this just flops over I
think you went away to school
everybody has almost been in service
they are not if I might offer the rest
of this mass with you enjoy morning
everyone so it is another super gloomy
rainy day
so last night I told you guys that I was
heading off to a karaoke and that was
cool but I met like this big super creep
what happened was during the car do you
mean my friend went on stairs to grab
some food and then I came back and
realized there was two other like guys
in the room weren't there before so we
sat down abs and I I took out my
sandwich and this guy comes over and I
was like can I have a feed bite of your
sandwich like even like listening to us
you know a little creepy but I was like
no one would just take a whole sandwich
you know I'll just have the other half
no time and we kept our next immediate I
grew really pretty and I was like all
thinking thank you so much and I was
like you know I'm gonna stop you there
I'm engaged by fiance she's sitting over
there I was like no not Coleman will you
still be friends right and that was fine
looking at him I knew that he'd be a lot
older than I am
um I think he's like 38 or something but
yeah so he asked me for my number and I
should have been honest I should have
just set up like you know I don't want
to give your number I'm sorry it's just
I don't move me too well but I was
making excuses I was like I don't think
I know why
my phone digits in fact I don't even use
my phones that much and then his friend
comes and he's like why don't you just
use your phone to call his number and I
wasn't I'm like crap but then also so
like like didn't he say you're married
and then his friend was like he's real
married at that whole tough matter
whether you're married or not because
I'm engaged and then the creepy guy was
like yeah but don't you have any single
friends I here's me thinking you think
I'm going to introduce any of my
girlfriends to you like a big liar I
don't think so
Hong Kong when you fill up your petrol
someone else someone else does it for
you so like I should see when it's
raining outside like someone does it
seriously
so how lazy can people get when it comes
to like doing the Rumba
it's called automation honey what does
that mean it means to get a fast
turnover it's accurate and it's fast in
annoyed that's what she said
when it rains guys do you know what you
do you draw a smiley face on it and the
Philippine is a pointy one look at your
penis on your windows what do you do if
I stock
good thumbs up
reach those arms out okay boy Everett
yawn oh boy yeah all right
