what are you treating here it's time to
wake up
come on I just walked out of my bathroom
and this is what I see they actually
really love the yoga mat crazy let's go
dancing
Oh
yes
quite tragic looking at my fridge
because there's nothing in it we haven't
done grocery shopping in a while so I
really suck
don't you hate it when like your loved
one look for your end of Point Break
ya'll say whatever why it's a lot of
chocolate and sweet
tinkling and he doesn't eat it so who
ends up eating it really sucks though
because I find was like um but very
Roche and my pregnancy a troll like the
way it's packaged like specially in the
difficulty enter the cell Oh tip is
almost impossible to open like putty
Judas you spend forever looking for the
opening yes here Oh Jenna me it's it's a
seat and a challenge is you to think do
I want to eat this to really want to eat
this and then you keep working Wow
seriously can't do this well played
What's Wrong damo do you know what it's
time for a demo somebody is getting a
shower go honey Moldova short hey what
is that
damn it I know it when you take me arts
it was all just a prep me up for this
chair to meet you of your neck
whether wet
let's make some breakfast okay SUSE
woody oh I actually have some food in my
fridge today so this is my breakfast to
crumpets some cherry tomatoes and an egg
and a little bit butter as well hmm I'm
gonna tuck in so I thought I'll show you
guys and a quick makeup storage tip so
this is the bathroom and this is where I
apply my makeup because it's got a big
mirror my makeup used to be sprawled
across the table right and because like
I'm a skin care product here's that
looked really messy and sometimes when
I'm in a hurry I waste minutes just like
looking for an eyeliner because it's
like under a big pile
Tim had this magnetic board lying around
and I was like kind of have it go I
would and I took it and also comes with
like these magnetic like little like
containers and like these magnets as you
can see I'm just on my Kia by the way so
I took I've found each other I have more
table surface and it's so easy for me to
like put my stuff back into categories
and for the products I use the most I
actually took the magnets and I put at
the back of the product so when I'm done
with it I just put it back easily
so you guys are wondering if it's gonna
fall off
these magnets are solid I want to do
that like check that out that looks that
just looks cool right so I'm gonna make
this today me like it's so silly but I
think I kills to kids and adults
chubbie come here
