he everybody it's bubs so it's at home
from to be walking the dogs and frankly
actually do you feel a little violated
because there was this other dog in the
park and it humped chubby well and
didn't help
it tried to my chubby okay and chubby
was like like freaked out she was scared
so I was holding her the entire time and
then the the dog was constantly trying
to like jump you know try and get her
and so I got like those scratches and my
thighs because like the dog was really
worrying and then the dog started like
trying to McDonald and thamma wasn't
having any of that he was like growling
other dog just telling him the backup
and then the dog came to me aside like
you know proper like humping my leg and
I don't know if you guys know what it
feels like to have like a dog penis that
feels kind of moist like rubbing at the
back of your cow it's just not really
nice so I'm gonna take a shower after
just because my hair is even kind of
greasy as well but it's fine I just
really making a flux hums are tired I
just had like had a like I feel like my
face and picked up because um I just met
a new friend um I was in the dog park
and when I was there there was a lady
there and she was actually picking like
she was going through the trash and the
thing is in Hong Kong um some people
like hi they get by is by picking up
like ten cans picking up cardboard and
what happens is they would gather
together and they probably get like very
little
honestly I'm letting me share how much
people get for you know handing in tin
cans and cardboard I know it's not very
much at all like not very much um but
yes this lady was going to the trash and
you know she's mine mmm business see now
she's watching my dogs you know run back
and forth after that dog left and then
the lady just randomly started to talk
to me the lady was saying all your dogs
are really cute and I was like oh thank
and she started asking me you know some
questions about my toilet what kind of
day you know what type of foods to eat
and and I answered kindly but you know
again I don't really know this lady so
we didn't say very much at the beginning
cuz you know she's still a stranger but
you know she was really friendly and I
didn't get years long I kick the feeling
when someone's like kind of being creepy
ish but I didn't get that feeling from
her she she was I don't know I felt warm
next to her so you know it was actually
getting quite cool so I wanted to leave
but I thought I'll save her for the
night you know I started talking to her
and like uh-huh
you know from talking to her I learned
that this lady she I'm guessing she's at
least 60 okay so it's just mopped she's
not old okay but you know for sure he is
not young either okay and even for 60
especially in our society people like to
think they're thinking about retirement
or whatsoever but this lady is she's
she's in her 60s she doesn't have a
family and she lives by herself and she
barely has enough to get by no one looks
after her anything
you know just listening to that I didn't
with the say but and the thing is she
wasn't even looking for pity she wasn't
even feeling sorry for herself a pair of
a scruffy and her clothes like too old
but like her eyes like sparkled and it
just felt really nice and I like I was
so touched just talking to her tells me
she has a very simple life and you know
she's just she's happy I was like wow
like how often do you hear people say
stuff like this today and the thing is
when I left I was like oh you know see
again and she was like she almost like
shocked when is it oh I'll see you again
I don't know she maybe she thought I was
just saying it but at least I meant it
and like I just had a feeling that um
maybe well hopefully and made her day at
least I made her happy like talking
someone cuz I you know I kind of had a
feeling that she doesn't how much
friends perhaps she like
just lit up she's like like she's like
really and I was like yeah yeah you know
I have dogs so I have to walk them but
it's just a Miss you feel good doesn't
that something sometimes like you don't
even realize you're doing anything
that's that's nice but like to someone
it's like everything to them and you
know I smile or even like like this like
conversation is its warmth to them
little small things in life that kind of
keep society upstanding you know so
smile at someone today yeah and not
necessarily talk to strangers all the
time because you know some people could
be creeps but sometimes you really never
know who you might encounter one day and
if I'm not even saying anything it's a
point that somebody is listening so
that's a part of just to be listening
and yeah that's that's that's it really
even if you're like a garbageman or
whatever it is you could be the best
garbage man there is you know as long as
as long as you're happy and I'm just
happy to see that she's happy for like
no reason pretty much so yeah I probably
will be seeing her tomorrow I mean happy
it's been a while since I made new
friends and it's refreshing to meet
someone who's like really different from
who you are that's a guy's little story
of me meeting a new friend okay I'm
gonna go wash my hair cuz it's really
greasy I shall talk to you guys really
soon um thank you guys for listening to
the rumble um goodbye everybody
