morning everybody we're on our way to
see our wedding can you believe that
tomorrow's gonna be near the
keep resolution
next year what else
scared me there yep yep pretty funky
Fletcher regulations everybody so the
reason Tim and I are on the menu for the
first time is because some kids know
that we are based in Hong Kong right now
so every since engagement this is our
first time coming back to Northern
Ireland with death Beltran before a good
venue through the internet but luckily I
had prom later like you know isn't for
me to let me know what the thought of
like some really nice like really inky
carpets and this weird thing about like
a carpet so for something that looks
like water not too much so getting an
air ticket by 40 minutes through car and
here you see were just entering a grind
so lots of grass I'm a lot of trees and
we thought that demand summary would
look even prettier with all the colors
from the flowers blooming so so far we
were pretty impressed
so my first thoughts on the seating and
bar area was it looked really pretty
faith bright kind of elegant and almost
kind of grand as well so so far we were
pretty impressed and this is where the
guests would mingle and have a little
few drinks before going into the
reception if they want to stay indoors
so here we are entering the reception so
my first thoughts was very pretty even
though wasn't decorated it still looked
very modern and classy
it was definitely smaller than what we
had imagined but this was actually a
good thing because our weddings gonna be
pretty small maybe 80 to 100 guests so I
meant everybody could be very intimate
to me I thought the room looked really
pretty already so I can't imagine hi
it's kind of like when it's gonna be
decorated with flowers and everybody's
actually you can set them to whatever
color you want and yeah it's really
pretty I feel like it doesn't need a lot
of decoration I love high doesn't have
horrible closets okay then so come
follow us guys and I will be showing you
guys where we're going to be having our
ceremony so this is the little heist
we're gonna have our ceremony in and as
you can see it's very small and cozy I
can just imagine how high magical it's
gonna look with lots of flowers and
candles and instead of the red carpet
it's gonna have wiped the rose petals
like lined up in the center with
florists tied to the edge of the chairs
so my two weeks back in Northern Ireland
I really don't remember having one
single day of it being like good weather
but hopefully summer the weather will be
nice yeah that's just really cool being
able to go back home upon the wedding
because the floor is sort of the cake
and videography everything totting it
all makes everything seem really real
and I kept believe it's only gonna be
eight months until the big date so that
is up for today
obviously I'll flog as much as I can but
I don't want to ever build too much guys
because I want things to be a surprise
for you guys as well so I'm back in Hong
Kong nigh and I just got some good sleep
but hopefully I'll be flogging more
thank you guys so much for watching we
shall talk very soon
