here we are waiting for the flight we
almost couldn't make it because somebody
forgot to bring the credit card yes but
look where we're sitting honey
what if we can't go home then you
staying forever
I wouldn't lie on the airport my egg I
wish I could show you yes okay I don't
look like they're even like prettier
here lying everybody welcome to the
heart of Seoul and lively art is ready
to go for dress but ink no forgot how
cold
Seoul is compared to Hong Kong this is a
lovely Sharon from the SA wedding and
she made the experience awesome for us
so I highly recommend you guys to look
for her so here I am at the dress
wedding place and it's pretty comfy -
Mickey strip down to your underwear so
you just wearing a robe and the place is
pretty classic looking a pretty old
style which I actually thought was
really unique not a fun part trying on
the dresses my begins this is just
really pretty cool t-shirt I wasn't too
fussy because I just want to delivered
for photographs I especially recommend
you girls to do makeup before you try on
dresses and put your hair up the ladies
here they actually put my hair very
roughly in a bun I put jewelry on me so
I get a more bride feel and so I get a
better idea of how I'll look in a dress
of pride so to save time they actually
didn't put my dress on properly for me
they just roughly clipped it up so in
real life it would look even better and
the for the photo shoot I was to pick
out two bridal gowns one evening going
on
Minnie join so for the bridal gowns I
decided to pick one nuts or poofy on
when it's fitted so you have more
variety in the total album
so some of the dresses like get on me if
they're more okay and some not so much
you have to take your height your body
shape your skin color in consideration
as well something may look great on the
magazine but it may look different on
you whereas sometimes a dress may look
not so nice and higher but when you wear
a kid like amazing on me you look like
you're going to casinos so like a lot of
grimms Tim only took like 5 10 minutes
to pick a conceit
oh you look so cute you don't you look
so adorable you can see why I try to
make you pick another color other than
black for your wedding news and tomorrow
we'll be taking art and the pre-wedding
shoot which should be interesting
tomorrow tomorrow so after a dress
fitting we had a bit of time to do
shopping and then we realized it was a
cry done turns out it's a
we're gonna be leaving in like three
hours I'm gonna need my makeup and we're
gonna address and do a photo shoot and I
have a case of facial Sony going on
looks like I'm wearing goggles but it's
actually an eye mask so it's supposed to
be frightened my and then I have clay
mask all over for the rest of my face
because I've been breaking eyes since
coming in Korea feel the spicy food
things my hair done there's Tim he's got
a typewriter
ward if Lucien I asked with my hair in a
sort of side missing breed parakeets
Ulik Lee Kuan huh our videographer these
two girls that might go ahead you're not
mine they made my hair really big
keep jacket and here is some flog video
off the photo ship to manage to grab on
my did you come so we'll definitely have
professional footage coming up soon but
don't know how long they're going to
take so we get enjoy this fern away
so this is the first time I've ever done
a proper photo shoot and it was really
really fun the tiring but fun and they
want to dress some tight sometimes you
can feel like a comfrey but it's all
worth it minions beauty he is paid knee
is extremely tall AB see some of the
sample pictures before but when you're
actually in the studio itself everything
is so different everything looks
different behind the lens sometimes when
they stop the headpiece is on it got
hurts a little but it's fine it's fine
we're told that inside Korea people
don't normally tip so we're told to
bring those souvenirs snacks from Hong
Kong sophisticates night this dress was
a lot comfier than the other one had a
little break there by others yeah Oh
this is the tallest Lindy's ever been in
some of the pictures I actually looked
extra tall because at some point I was
planning on two blocks of wood to make
you smile more naturally sometimes they
try to make me laugh how do you feel
amazing they get home
everybody finally we have our
pre-wedding photo done which is so happy
here and we're going to go home 9 we
hope you guys enjoyed the little vlog
watch out for the actual photo shoot
video on Bub's beauty Channel
