so this is what my dogs do you have all
the time
hi hi AP what are you playing beep
horrible is that what you want to do all
day long what are you gonna do later
okay so usually for Tim's birthdays you
never really want to do very much he
just wants to chill in the dogs and I am
done yeah I'm going to cook him dinner
three Kris meal which I'm little panicky
a Mike we can't just eat up most of the
time but um you know since this I want
to be a little bit more domesticated
because I'm a good pipeline many
features so this could be good practice
for the three-course meal I'm going to
make Tim left for Shebaa and exactly
mushroom soup from scratch and then for
dinner he just wants a half a chicken
broccoli pasta bake and it's really like
eating it and then for dessert I'm
cheating cruises I'm just making him
this super moist double space a
chocolate shake and because he's not
much of a like dessert person
let's you know be nice bill to have some
cake in the boat chuckles ah so it is
9:00
oh it's 20 passport I am I'm gonna start
cooking probably be but you are
something and of course it's the longest
to make an idea first and I potatoes
should be enough we don't really cook
because it's just joy and again even
though I do enjoy doing it I just don't
have time to us it's like special
occasions or if I'm like which it's free
so now I'm just going to let the potato
foil
I can put the broccoli my pastas get the
boil but you swimming away and just iced
up the chicken
pretty good we have Tim ready to eat
ah that's looks great smells great I'm
really nervous
why thank you so much Holly that's okay
what is our fever I love you blah very
much for me already very P loss good
have you tried it
yeah it's really mushrooming looking
anyway than others hmm moving on to the
chicken net roughly pathetic my favorite
main horse of all time and the she's a
nurse at
I'm a dog but I can't be any better
sorry I got pretty move for not yet look
at your rental that's joy why is it
their own conversion
because I was cooking so I wanted goes
into this
Oh
while I fall Caesar
