are you fighting or not you wanna soak
they are going to be building Isaac's
little book rack perfectly Wow Isaac
says that is absolutely invincible I can
make and fix everything when I wasn't
well he was a good at daddy daddy fixin
over ya
move it move it yeah yes thank you
please I don't care definitely pins
daughter I think okay sent a message my
love oh yeah
her hair messy sad me home I think I
might say mommy home goodnight you can
do it you're still not getting up too
much guy is doing a lot of movie
marathons
that's how you put the kid in a crib you
got a transition it
the other day I saw commented where they
had our chubby Domo troopers with two
kids it just got too much so we gave
them away and again we can't give our
little furry friends away and not gonna
lie truth is they happen a lot more
neglected these days because I guess
we've just been a lot more occupied as
we try to walk them as much as possible
get some cuddles this is such great dogs
and luckily when Tim and I don't have
time to play with them I could always
have time for your dogs is so cute
we will get in rhythm very soon we are
still in the new for feed let that head
so my mother-in-law has our friends
visiting at the heisted a merely this is
a baby actually and you know when guests
visit your house means it's time to
ninja Queen the high we need to swap
everything away and hide them so there
are no signs of living in this house you
can make the house look as if no one
sits in this house it's going to be for
weeks tomorrow since we have guests
coming and we've been ordered to dress
her up a little bit more pretty there's
one of my favorite headbands thank you
so much Oliver and Nana's this is so
cool oh those children and I think can
match it was this we also have little
leggings here I'm at an awkward stage
where my maternity clothes are too big
but my normal clothes are too small what
to do nice clothes when I come we're an
ecosystem yes so cute little cardigan on
our dilemma scares it's cool there's no
more ladies I say it's all lovely but to
Mars kind of something they were looking
all for so upstairs we our traces lime
up here I think is to the ladies are
teachers from my high school and you
know perfectly lovely lady flickering up
there's one teacher theis we like really
terrified with and she's nine stairs so
I don't know if she recognizes me or
anything but I still feel that fear like
20 years later you know sometimes you
have people and they just have a look of
authority and it does matter how old you
are or you know how are you successful
or whatever when you're around like
certain people you just panic and just
talk a lot of crap in Vienna flippin
nervous and anxious that's how I feel
plain not sleeping are you not tired huh
are you fighting enough want to so put
your liking much little blanket so thank
you so much
Alice where this is so soft okay little
chunker again are gone when you hook'em
see the house can you show them exactly
how you live I'm a see it it is there
deliberately cleaning it up and if my
old friends is my gamblin to the chair
mom's friends did I respect for your mom
you and embarrass her
yes I was really been getting up too
much guys I really happy because
tomorrow she will be four weeks which
means she's finally free to are leaving
the house if she can leave the her to me
I can leave the house more a little tips
on my mum is when he back your baby aloe
tile in front just means are not scared
they always told it better when there's
a bit of pressure here fucking some
other looking friends and they were
saying that like hurts my mind they
think they had postnatal depression and
actually read up on postnatal depression
a few weeks ago because the signs like I
have the symptoms that I remember being
very resentful being very unhappy yet
couldn't feel the bone in my child and I
felt guilty avoided which is one two
three four to four or five and the
really good opinions all them think they
had
little depression to some degree and I
think in phases you know women don't
talk about it enough I know how the
dislodging very much guys it's just the
majority of what I've been doing is just
taking care of my babies honestly I just
don't want to OD you know too much like
baby stuff for you guys
you like being comforted this girl
they're so happy
