happy easter everyone because of this I
was inspired to try out these really
cute colorful bunny meals I was inspired
because I saw some pictures on the
internet and I was really cool so you
guys enjoyed this video and we shall
talk soon
so first up I'm going to apply a base
coat and I'm using a very sheer pinkish
tone base coat for very nice polished
looking meals if you want you can use
clear or a colored polish if you wish if
you want your nails to look kind of
glossy you can apply another coat okay
so my nails like 10 times better already
and I'm going to take a colored nail
polish probably an opaque on this one
isn't such a good choice and I'm just
drawing a squished circle which is
pretty much an oval shape so with that
done I'm just going to bring the brush
down and just draw in the ears pretty
easy to do and I'm gonna draw in the
other ear so it's fellas gonna share
right now I'm gonna let it dry so I can
apply another coat but in general
definitely recommend to use a Polish
that's slightly more opaque so now I'm
gonna work in the universe so here I'm
using at green and you can see how I
don't think it is it's really cool again
I'm trying to circle and ears so I'm
going to create a tonight and I'm really
excited I actually haven't even packed
yet wondering what is your packet so
apparently there's quite a lot to buy in
South Korea so I don't need to pack very
much but I'm really excited and I will
be blogging it for you guys so you guys
could come with me to say Korea as we
find / stalk / kidnap
hey Angus so I really like this color
just colors when butter LONDON I think
it's called try price and I'm just using
this nude which is also very pretty you
can see this Neal is a lot shorter so if
you have shorter nails it's still
possible but you just have to have you
know be more careful and
the little deal I regret using the
yellow because it doesn't really show up
much but I'll change it later now I'm
taking a white nail polish and I'm using
my bobby pin as a dotting tool I'm just
going to drag it on the inside of the
ears because this will be the inside of
the of the bunny ears yeah if you guys
didn't notice already I accidentally
smudged a yellow which was and a chance
for me to change it so I said before
it'll be color instead so while that
color is drying I'm going to use the
other ends of my bobby pin with black
nail varnish and thought in the bunny
eyes so very easy you don't need to use
a dotting tool your bobby pin works fine
so while that is drying I'm gonna use a
pink nail varnish on a toothpick and I'm
just gonna dot in a little news now
let's put some sparkle into the bunny
eyes so nice a white nail varnish an
amazing depicted dot in white in the
center as you can see and now they look
much more twinkly and cuter nice and I
like that I'm going to apply a topcoat
so it's chipper a nice glossy and this
Easter bunny or funny nail design is
complete you always have a polka dot
design if you wish really colorful
really fun hope you guys enjoyed this
video I'll talk to you when I'm back
check everyone
