he had a pub so it is mine 25 to 3 I'm
just going to get ready to go shopping
with friends I just wash my hair and I
figured this would be an opportunity for
me to film myself trying it this part
this part is called who sent it's got a
weird medium and as a Japanese product I
picked this up when I was in Sabah and
that has six of these little truly
thinks they remind me of fresh cards you
don't talk about those silicon things
have Chinese amines once or twice but I
figure today out you experiment using
them properly so you have to have six of
these net things and this sort of like
this first of all because my hair is
still wet I'm going to pull dry it and
I'm gonna have it almost dry maybe by
the 95% dry because I feel like when I'm
using this for me it works better on
freshly washed and blew my hair because
that's when your hair is make me soft
and for me Egret mold
okay so my hair is like a mini Thank You
percent dry comes up a little DVD in the
DVD girl feels like so much hairspray
also afterwards her curls like almost
and it crispy so I don't really want
that somebody used this instead
if you have a like this this is a cool
net words and then if you want your hair
to curl any words it would kind of go
like this
yeah and if you need a girl split her
hair in sections so she put her hair in
a purse and in three pieces so there
would be six individual pieces so she
had a very like princes like curls but
I'm gonna split my hair and need to true
first and this out of the way put my
hair three I'm gonna have a leafless
he's dead okay so this is one section
and how are you going to do this that's
why I'm gonna take it this is - sighs I
got this pink little hook through I'm
gonna take a section of hair easy enough
you can get you can just drag this
through and you see there's that here's
the extra pull up like so and we have
this little curl I only really recommend
using this on the wet hair cuz I can't
imagine it's not in your hair especially
when it's wet from the thule part
be a poster but I wish you had more feet
you only have six of them each set and
it costs 200 about $200 which isn't
right 15 years or so it's not like she
is either so I had like six little
twirls on
then whoa my five minutes up in Google
Drive my hair for and I actually really
love the fall I just II just blame your
own state I've done a little board for
my so when I hold on for a minute
so while we're waiting at its jono damo
he's gotten so much
I probably should have blow-dried it
longer but you know I'm in a hurry to
die so I should really really be fun
that's my hair I I'm going to just pop
that hairspray so long because please
can sticky so I just kind of like press
on my head kind of move upwards in this
kind of texture and then underneath that
my scalp I just kind of rub with my
fingertips whatever is left over just
brush my hair okay so my hair is done
it's quite pretty but I probably
wouldn't really recommend this you can
just use your or your curling iron and
get the same effect of my minutes
probably not as damaging but because
you're still using heat still quite
damaging
so visit the little from the hair
experiments sets I got this in stop by
the pool table I don't know if you'd by
applying on there the stuff that website
but it's okay and you know it's not the
best product photo it's something that I
wanted to try and you guys are watching
this I'm going to be trying to upload
videos on this channel
