they're nice seeing a letter T to you of
shopping in Hong Kong of adversity and
issues so I could eat for my mom
actually recommended us difficulty
displaced by Chung Plaza this is a place
I was recommended first look up here
yeah my first thought was this really
bling-bling clicking store my mom
ordered me to get something for here mom
ordered me to get this barber my heels
but yes you specially want someone in a
little mushroom okay and it just hold it
these lips look really cute and has good
suction and soft my doll from always
drinking my stuff and I think they make
kind of cool Christmas stocking fillers
my sister and I can help but purchase
them their functionable' and they can
address up cups as well cool clean ones
up we have to say we're not huge fans of
Hello Kitty but these honeys are so cute
because they have like a little bow at
the front this hairband kinda looks like
a hat it's kind of cool but kind of
weird
hello the plaza like really brand China
dodgy they did sell a little cute thing
such as little socks and vests and
filming buttons as well here's mrs.
search is going through whole variety of
different buttons Hello Kitty and BMW
something anybody my sister's getting
this hats and these glasses so it's
really cute and I'm getting since the
weather is getting colder we decided to
stock up on hats and in this case will
be hats I can actually decide between
the pink and a yellow so I just got both
because they're pretty cheap
it's so very because my sister looks so
cute in her glasses but when I wear them
up I don't look cared so here are the
pieces my sister actually picked up this
adorable shirt and this skirt or scored
because actually has shorts underneath
as well
for the shirt inside
by shorty I thought these are kind of
cool because it's like plushies slash
trainers and one and this is probably
something you wear when you rob a bike
joke
I bought this coat because I've been
looking for a neutral coat and it's
pretty warm and again very portable she
just got herself a salmon roll that is
wonderful this is like this can be
overwhelming so this is when I hide at
the back a disadvantage of being short
is when you get on trains in Hong Kong
you're surrounded by armpits like my
sister PS cluster phobic much we meet
another shopping day and we decided to
explore hello Tom first up say what
mother fun so far that we go
so big so she said one of my favorite
stores to go to in festive walk center
is a place called la gall they just now
loads of random things that I could
spend like hours in there
you can find all sorts of stuff inside
Lagann jewelry high school things maybe
related stuff clothes for your pets
around them fiscal aeneas stuff tons of
stuff a Christian high colors nut I know
I think these cats pick really hilarious
she put your iPhone on it and then he
goes oh sure yeah
my god circus I kid you to learn them
after I took my little sister Qing
Mongkok in a place called trendy soon
again little cheap plushies and phone
charts and stuff and my sister actually
got another pair of Sharpie slippers it
really comfortable we've gone through
high school with my pairs and here we're
at a Plaza and Sachi and what I really
love about Hong Kong is their Christmas
lights display they have like the best
displays ever it's so beautiful there's
my sister having way too much fun of the
screen again and finally it was time to
rest our little feet I'll be chilled by
having a selfie amis cuisine
