she say the length of October 2011 was a
very special day a bright girl named
Ellen made a wish to meet well me thus
sir found a flea all the way to Hong
Kong to see me and it was great so today
I will be sharing my experience on
meeting Ellen and her sister Amy that
day I woke up really early and although
I was really excited I was also really
nervous about meeting the girls I
greeted the girls with some gift packs
but I was not expecting anything back in
return and it was even more special
because they made this gift which makes
it oh so special to me
so as you can see Hyatt Hotels really
thoughtful even the menu was tailored
for Ellen and make-a-wish red nation
actually knows that seafood is one of
Ellen's favorite foods so our lunch was
very secret based I'm actually allergic
to seafood so I came home and I broke
out in rashes but it was worth it
and it was just me being greedy that
baby after lunch we actually headed up
to to Carl's hotel rooms where they will
be playing me a song with their guitar
and I'll actually feed you a little bit
of Alan's makeup for her photo shoot
Alan and Amy are only 13 or 14 I'm
already taller than I am
I just picked up some baby products for
them and it was a coincidence because
they actually forgot their cleanser and
face masks
Make A Wish Foundation actually supplied
a little bit of makeup for Emily's
makeover and what I'll actually told me
was she's not actually that into makeup
she was more empty my comedy channel but
nonetheless I thought I'll put a little
bit of makeup on her anyway
Ellen is only 13 years old so I didn't
want her to like 30 so I just spent a
little bit of time that moisturizer on
her because her cheeks are really rosy
which means a really kind of cute buds I
felt even on her skin tone a little bit
after making your skin look a bit more
do here I added just a little bit of
light eyeshadow to your eyes just to
brighten them up a little bit
I know Ellen's favorite color is pink so
I added very subtle accents of paint
your eyes
Allen actually already had really long
lashes and they were naturally curly so
I actually didn't even need to curl her
lashes at all
Ellen's hair is naturally curly and I
and she said there's not much I could do
it so I got her a pretty clip to dress
up her hair
so then it was my favorite part of it
was to hear two girls play me a song
okay guys are you ready sit back relax
and enjoy the music
watch me
by
I hope you
actually felt here at one point because
I was just so touched by her music these
girls are really really talented their
forces go so well together and I could
honestly listen to them all day I was
really touched to see how close their
family was when Alan was signatures her
dad would be in the background dancing
and doing silly things make her laugh
and it was just so cute the entire
afternoon on evening that day was spent
taking photos and creating memories
these sisters get on like best friends
as you can see they even wearing
matching clothes which is so cute you
think the girls how to pose okay
something very futuristic about it I was
really happy to be able to enjoy the
skyline with the girls under family it
was very very windy at night but I think
we all felt a very warm inside that
night we spent all day taking photos and
I wish we could have done other stuff
but it was still a really great day what
Ellen didn't know that on that day I
wish came true for me as well I finally
realized gyg is so worth it as so
meaningful and these girls really really
inspire me especially Ellen she is so
brave so bright and her and Amy are so
talented and these girls make me want to
live life to the full make-a-wish
Foundation has enriched many lives of
children with life-threatening medical
conditions I wish is granted every 40
minutes please support a cause by either
donating or volunteer or whatever you
can you could help make-a-wish country
as well
