on my way to hotel I was free tonight
because I couldn't believe I was in New
York my skin was already bringing right
but I couldn't care this is a skyline of
New York ah crazy guys greetings from
New York so I'm off to go downstairs to
meet Becky and Wendy from Wendy flipbook
Anza we're going to talk about what
we're going to do and throughout the
week so today we're heading to
Rockefeller Center and we're going to be
witnessing at a flash episode from my
first time so I'm very excited and it's
also my first time in a yellow cup right
now so I'm gonna take you guys with me
everyone explore the city together
surrounded by huge iconic buildings I
felt like such a small potato I'm so
excited
up they don't know we have a lot of
people don't know but there's gonna be a
flash mob
so we are
very well I remember being really
nervous that I am them I kept messing up
when I was talking it was really weird
but it's just I've never done anything
outside my home videos before and when
they handed me the microphone
and ever like go interview Nigel Barker
I was like what it was really fun though
I just had my tux because I'm so little
and he stood tall to finish off such a
busy first night I got to go home on
this little white tree the save time in
the morning i braided my hair Dean at
before so I woke up with overnight with
the next morning I headed off to doing
it theater to work backstage for the
Rebecca to lose your faith leaders a lot
of people so I'm scared to go in there
to fulfilling them and everybody's way I
got to interview the makeup artists and
the hair stylists of the show and even
the models and that was pretty cool
models are so solid this girl half a
whole team guys
with them so much stuff it's hard to
believe I'm here Wednesday as I read
somebody a little bit of shopping and
shopping chamber soda prepared when
these she's four five inches on my
cheese for four inches
needless to say our thief died little
sobbing hey boss the creases I saw in
New York actually started to get me sick
and I nearly couldn't make it for the
beste jungle show but I still did and
the girl in the crazy blue wig is
actually Nicki Minaj that I see or feel
face no but a sorry
yes
the message of the children very
important to all the other shows I
thought it was very itchy as always my
favorite piece was actually this sparkly
dress right here because it just stops
with the lights on it looks really fun
when Betsey came out she was crazy I was
expected and us she started dancing
which is pretty groovy you guys can't
see but sup I actually pretended to
grope Nigel but from behind like I was
literally like a centimeter off two
bucks
I feel better after working backstage
Wendy and I just waited for the TV show
okay on a peak that's where they come
out up underside
not only did Wendy and I got to
interview did design have to be we also
got to see clothes move on a runway on
the models it was surreal after a hectic
week male canvasses at me and we decided
to check it move on together
Museum of Modern Art
so all in all I had a great time in New
York it's definitely an experience I'll
never forget
I want to thank Sal Hall for having me
and I met some awesome awesome people
Wendy if you're watching this I had the
most fun spending the entire week with
you I loved our shopping days everything
you're just so sweet you have such a big
heart and you're so talented I want to
give a big shout out to my girls that I
met during the trip you're all so
beautiful and again let's continue to
inspire each other I wish I could have
lost more but because I was working so
much I didn't really have the time to so
I'll definitely visit again and explore
properly I had such a blast oh not only
did I get to try the famous as a
Magnolia like the O'Neal cupcakes I also
got to see a real-life cupcake candy
baby is so adorable on I had the most
amazing time chillin I love candy the
trip was very exciting but I was
homesick for a lot of trip and I really
missed you guys I guess I'm just so
comfortable being in my own little
bubble talking to you guys in the
comfort of my own home I'm so happy to
be back home with my other half I'm
chubby I have a lot to catch up on but
I'm back and I won't make any videos
again I missed you guys
