hmm
we're in the moment well done
it's trebled this is going to work your
shoulder you're gonna feel it a little
bit your laugh as well here my arms feel
funny you're okay you are medicine but
you're not coughing you're not coughing
though
you know that Becky wish I had your skin
my skin is so dry and icky right tonight
cuz I think he'd go into your growth
spurt so she wants a feed all the time
so all the water is getting sucked out
of me your wifey ID I need a nanny
meanwhile hey hey so my boy bed nice
morning I knew I am doing like death
today we have a new boy not suffering
from reflux and she's been waking up
every 15 minutes so you might look at
doesn't even what in the name is days
actually ginger pork leg after you have
a baby and guests can see you you're
supposed to serve this for them and I
think the mother is also supposed to eat
this as well a party a lot of people
love it I like eating the egg with it
but I think you know meat that's sweet
this kind of room chilly online licking
on the actual one-month confinement
thing did you guys know I'm not really
doing it and some of their roles are
pretty ridiculous actually along
Wikipedia and talking about the
postpartum combined meant
it says that specifically after giving
birth in very first month not only are
women not like to go outside for one
month to stay in our homes they're also
not like to wash your hair
something irony new take a bath for
showers but not like to climb stairs
have contact with water their knowledge
of read books there's no like to cry
look at harsh not being able okay
Lourdes Wow okay Wow okay today is the
9th of August and a little update on
being two-and-a-half weeks postpartum
lost by 10 kilograms so far so currently
I'm about 55 kilograms so I'm up by 10
kilograms away from my pre-pregnancy
weight those 10 kilograms pretty much
just went off really easily just to food
the baby percenter I think a lot of it
will split because you guys know a so
much water with this timer I did gain
more weight than before mommy's going to
strict who you know China balance of my
time
if I'm not peeing a lot constantly I met
with this little guy trying to make up
time with him I think be happy yeah are
you happy
Tiananmen I just thought I saw a fetus
here and I didn't even reach a rate
seven times and all journey yeah gun
jelly hope you want to go oh I don't
know what I was ever worried about have
nothing to worry about he's just so good
Oh
she's usually sleepy the entire day but
as soon as it's around 11:00 p.m. or
midnight she's wide awake look at those
big eyes are used to see who from here
she looks so much like me when I was
little okay
cute I'm here it's actually kind of
crazy scare me I actually have makeup on
today guys the last time I saw makeup
was exactly the day I gave birth which
is super - Rico anti makeup I mean like
a solo face of makeup like foundation
concealer eye shadow especially eye
shadow remember there were days a lot in
my pregnancy where alcohol can be
falling from a dose but actually today
if you know nice of makeup on because
for the past few weeks my hair has been
in like a messy top not fun Boop hi gang
like my nightie AB so trip you can milk
picking up group hanging or actually I
have like scratches all over my boobs
you know when you watch like the TV and
then you see the mum like nursing her
baby is actually peaceful I'm just
really beautiful well for the past 3
days it's kind of like release the
Kraken where her eyes are like bulging
eyes and she's like oh all waiting for
boobs I think she's going on some sort
of gross art she does have some sort of
appetite these days there's cute little
Ayla and Enders
mmm
we're differ in the moment just laughs
all right tonight I think I love you
baby all right
neither sport is little one night income
where the gas might go there you go hold
up oh there we go
doctor feel better
