hey guys so were invented where's all
the water greetings from Venice
so we're also have lent tonight but look
how beautiful is Vickie's see because
Venice is so pretty there's a lot of
local artists we all go rogue drop of
red Sun so what you guys see is a
spectacular view of Venice you can see
people get around by both an up card
hence I thought the air was a little
fresher as you can see if the place is
pretty frightening there was a lot of
people so it was pretty lively while
Venice is famous for being city of masks
on city of water is also famous for its
beautiful architecture it's pretty hard
to believe but this area actually floods
quite a lot throughout the year of
course when you're in Italy you have to
try their pizzas
we're watching
beautiful I realize that no matter where
I was standing in Venice somehow the
scenery was always beautiful because of
the beautiful buildings and the
sparkling waters you'll be traveling on
border a lot so if you have motion
sickness definitely take pills so here
what you see is a gondola and it's
basically a phoenician boat and often
tourist is like to travel on it we were
meaning to go on foot 100 years ago
signed it a little too steep so for now
I'm going to let you guys enjoy dokie I
was in Venice murky days and after we
headed towards Berlin so to wrap up
Venice all together here are some
pictures from my trips so you see my
pictures you can check out my website
Bob sweetie calm or my facebook page Bob
speedy official
so what you see now is the Berlin tar
and it's a tallest structure in Germany
its 368 meters high flow velocity policy
server
so sushi fathers here is a terrace
garden of the palace which looks
absolutely beautiful so we're now at
what's remaining of the Berlin Wall
it's actually known as East Side Gallery
and I this uses divides the east and
west side of Germany and ever since this
country was united and taken by the wall
here the next man and a car is
Boulevard for traffic she's like why is
everybody wearing no clothes this one is
why do we have no hair this is a
memorial to the murdered Jews of Europe
there is 2711 concrete slabs and there's
terraces cycling while drinking beer
while socializing here I'm at the
Brandenburg Gate where we also encourage
street dancers
this is the Holocaust are of the Jewish
Museum union light comes from this small
slit and this one knew about other not
it's all dark cold and empty almost
giving a feeling of loneliness and this
is supposed to transmit the message of
hi a Jewish person felt back then so
this is the garden of exile where the
Jewish Museum in Berlin on the
architects who created this part of the
building just wanted to recreate the
feeling that you get when you standing
here they were trying to leave brother
it's a photographer Holocaust
can't really see you are you going
there's a lot of concrete around I think
to give them a feeling when you walk on
it yeah okay wait a second you really
uneasy I thought this visual
installation was very moving and parcel
you can see there's lots and lots of
faces and they appear to be screaming
and it's just hunting and to me I feel
this piece really Kingston image to play
it feels to be a Jewish person back then
the steel pieces pretty much speak for
itself and the party when you step over
it it's hi it's signed it back then to
be trapped these steel plates are all
hand cuts and it's apparently supposed
to give a feeling of vulnerability and
tenderness
so my trip to Germany taught me a lot it
taught me a lot about German culture and
all events that happened back then good
and bad to be honest I really felt the
Jewish Museum could have done a better
job at explaining some of the crucial
parts which they didn't but other than
that I learned a lot
so now off we go to Holland so party in
Holland this snack is pretty famous it's
little pancakes with icing sugar on top
it's so good the place we've dined in is
called wills pancake ice and I highly
recommend it this beautiful building is
you know is actually not as big as what
you think this place is called Madeira
Dom which is really miniature Holland
and it makes replicates off certain
sites in Holland so for me who is
usually known to be small it was pretty
cool to be a fake for a change it was
kind of like my chance to feel like a
giant for a day and it was really cool
cuz it were very realistic
someone did that a red car cookies
talking to water there were a lot of
sites that I didn't get to see while in
Holland so I kind of got to see a
small-scale version instead and finally
here's some pictures of my trip in
Holland I didn't take very much videos
or photos because I was just playing
with friends but I had a great time and
thank you to Janet Bobo for being such a
great host last but not least big thank
you to Tim affectaura for organizing
such a great holiday
