I guess he giveth me I hope to get with
me yeah this is when we were flying
about British guys and as you can see
below it looks as if all that's
underneath is just pretty cool
sup guys so finally landed in Belfast
City after traveling for like 17 17
hours and yeah I said in my brother's
car with his little stormtrooper what
what this is what that looks like for
those who are wondering see no bombs no
random violence no peelers yeah hey guys
so um nothing
I'm so tired yes I'm kissing my sister
soon as I'm gonna go walk our family dog
Max with my granny fluffy and hefty so
Kearney chillin chillin chillin outside
in the grass with our family does max hi
max you've gotten really fluffy
pretty closely but not really I just
have about like a whole mess of crap on
my face because them math I'm watching
this DVD box set up Titanic and not the
movie but like a discovery documentary
thing I have nothing to watch I just
grab anything I could find even more
stupid Ricky sign my mama
amy is there and basically I brought
some brushes over I plan to give them to
my family I am going to give I it loads
of brushes for you guys to try hopefully
but um my family of course get the cars
some epic site um obsessed and though
these are actually my mom's and she gets
the very first set because Oh slip in my
nose yeah so these are the brushes right
here like a quick peek so you guys know
this one this is the very first one
and this is the retractable brush always
like this so the offer for me to hold it
I'll put you my crotch right here so
like this and flipping it up
and then if you want to do contouring
push it higher and I want to contour
your nose we should hire and then you
get like better positions whether the
oval and means that and you can use a
better for contouring and for where your
cheeks and your joys so this is the very
first one and of course you guys know
about your some people actually my favor
brush this is the buffer brush you can
see it's very fluffy it's also synthetic
even though it's like really soft and
because you can if you imagine this is
my cheekbone I can use this to sculpt
and you need 50 buck your mineral powder
on or finishing card or whatever even
bronze or whatever but um this is
actually my favorite one this was
originally like a kabuki so it's just
like this really short but I wanted it
put a handle on it just I find it easier
to use like this this is the dual eyes
as you can see one end is kind of like a
pencil is more blinded so more sturdy
and uses to work in your crease and this
is shader and there is the dual cover
brush which has one end is I'm sealer
empty and the other end is the
foundation so I do really like this
foundation brush I tested so many
different types I really like this one
because it doesn't streak and again the
concealer first works really well
angled liner brush this one is the
flawless HD brush so it was longer
before but we made shorter see that it's
very dense and it's angled and it's the
flawless HD brush because it's actually
designed to work with our filler
coverage here is the rough brush so here
you have the powder brush right here
again really soft synthetic bristles but
really really soft as you can see
the Kabuki brush on it comes with a
little bag with some will be on it and
um bring it up so when you first get it
it's more like straight but some more
your attic system use it then the more
rinder will become this is really soft
and this is made with go terror
