you guys both so as promised I said I'll
plug my experience at the hair salon and
show you guys my new hairstyle so here
it is um it's quite toner right now I
could be curlier but um I didn't really
do much today
oh say follow me in Twitter will know
that I recently just got a digital
Japanese perm or Japanese deliver and I
guess I'm just really sick of having
straight hair and I just wanted
something that um that's more foam eyes
and texturize for for summer spring so I
specifically asked for no ringlets or
are just no curls I wasn't way something
that look very natural
um something that's easy for me to
achieve so um yeah the good thing about
this hairstyle is um number one I can
just go back to my old hairstyle I
didn't cut her anything so I could just
strip my hair really easily about it
everybody want to and another really
good thing about the stars all is it's
very easy to maintain so after I wash my
hair I can just dry naturally and it'll
be lady but of course a be proud event
like so it'll look more defined excited
to have like wavy hair my hair looks so
much like thick or not and I don't even
need to do much tubes um cool people and
oh well if you guys have any questions
you want to ask a bite um Digital
Japanese firms and I'll just comment
below and I'll try my best answer them
and we'll be writing a detailed entry
about the hair students some pictures in
my website so you can check that out
yeah so before I get my hair done I'm
just going to get something to eat
Tommy McDonald and spring water
so I normally get my hair done in a
salon called hair key in Tai Po and Hong
Kong so the stylist that normally don't
hair it's called Joey this grace keeper
type of thing finds my hair together so
if there's any split ends or layers it
just holds it together so there's no y
ways and I actually picked the biggest
borrow because I want waves instead of
curls so then it gets connected to wires
so it looks as if I'm getting my brain
tested and it basically heats up the
barrels and afterwards um she removes
the thing and you see I have little
waves already when I ask Joey hi should
look after my hair he says I should
twist it with my fingers and an scrunch
it over and I can dry nicely on its own
and especially when after washing my
hair use at all ontology ayats and dude
by scratching hair and I feel shiny hair
use a diffuser and because of curls good
turn it makes it guys guys guys got it
guys good I just bought this in the shop
and I really want often if I can bring
this home
beautiful
