can smell so today I will be dyeing my
hair you can see my wrists are crazy so
um I will be doing that that's on back
in my super stylish gear make sure your
hair is clean there's no products on it
let's get started I'm using the loose
hair tie and melts Cibrian ABS
I love this collab using this color for
months and muffin one I think tonight
I'm going people send this up like a
scientist how I am going to take this
screw it on tight the reason you don't
shake it a bigger say let's go like this
I know Lidia bye bye five six times so
together third I have a foam formula I
don't really need to section my hair as
much I just split into two for now and
I'm just working in intersections so
when you start applying foam it doesn't
look so funny but you just have to keep
building it up regulate but don't worry
because your hair will be even because a
foam formula so I don't need a brush or
anything I just eight inch sections and
I just start like scrunching to miss
into my hair so then I grab all the
sections from my right side and you can
see that it's so much more fuller former
Lumiere and I and I just actually just
say the same thing to the other side of
my head yeah so iam pratically see it's
pretty easy like a noob can do anybody
could do it
so after both sides are done I grab them
together again I add more mousse and ice
you know I massage and twist and do all
live stuff that I'm doing with my hands
and I'm just releasing my hair and start
working on the midsection so I know this
video is amazingly boring but you guys
always ask me a bite hi it's Anna here
so uh you know I'll vlog the experience
for you guys I'm sorry
so yeah my time to work on the top
section finally so my my hair is really
lathered up in foam because I can make
crazy shapes out of it so I really have
to do is wait 30 minutes that of course
wipe off the
excess foam on your skin and do whatever
it takes that keeps you busy
go and wash my hair ever come back and
say good bye my hair away I actually
forgot to come back afterwards so this
is a day after and you can see the color
is very even and no need to lighten my
hair I'm very happy with the results of
always good day
