you guys but so this is going to be an
outfit of the day video I believe this
is my first one I don't really do them
just because I think it really takes
like 10 seconds I see a person's entire
goods but anyway I start so I'm wearing
a rice colored spring dress I also have
this in blue I think they're perfect for
spring because they're just so comfy and
they're so flowy and it's got full
prints on it I believe this is chiffon
but don't fight me on it it looks great
with a tan colored belt and to have
little chains on it I got this from and
K from a boutique sucker actually tell
you where the belt is from this dress
cost like I think it's six seven Pines
and it's just to achieve this I'm not a
big fan of Pink's but I like this sort
of paint you know very calm down milky
paints they look a lot more elegant I
believe it's really nice with a spring
dress flows really well the cardigan I'm
wearing is from Sarah
it's very this fitting is very light
which is great for spring it's quite
stretchy it's long at the front but
shorter at the fact as you can see okay
so because my exit is so girly I thought
I'll just Johnson up with these shoes I
originally wanted the white parent but
they have pink hair but turns like I do
you like the pink hair better
you're like I believe it agree and half
inches which is really high for my feet
come every month and these are from
simple
these are comfortable so actually for
this blue dress a day before it's just
like my other one but this one's in blue
which I think looks really nice and
refreshing for spring and I'm wearing
the same beaded necklace but this belt
is also a tan but you can see that it
kind of has a little string draw detail
at the center so here is just some
pictures for fun let me know you guys
want me to do at outfit of the day
videos so I can just pop them into my
blog channel and don't forget to
subscribe and thank you for watching
this piece please it should be purse
