we had reflux yeah
no fun right hmm so it's no fun at all
you're so happy
ie what daddy got daddy brought home
chocolate cake boy
it's been a while since I made the one
pot chicken right so that is what we're
going to be making today
the Yeti
oh yeah only you know getting local
Judicature for Charlie
I think all kind of things you only have
to take one on occasion coming up start
anything on elfonzo and the country keep
things in one fine and sometimes also
called Jimmy cow amen hey hey oh you're
welcome
yeah two days ago my sister came to
visit and nephew noticed that my belly
went dying and you know the baby my arms
he asked me you know how did your baby
come and I couldn't panicked a towel
like um um I could - Rydstrom 'dear
there and then kind of like ok close
enough
just it on my shirt you see that my
belly's like depleted and um it's gone
really dark and patchy so he was like
why is it so dark and I was just
thinking like how to explain to him it's
due to post partum hormonal changes and
also me panicking and my sister just
kind of jumped in shows well cookie
doesn't clean yourself but she's dirty
okay squeaking I can't beat the moment
but it's nice to have boots again I
guess that's the perks of it all perks
get it yeah it's someone 12 days old
today it's a happy little girl
cute morning we had our first sort of
rocky night and I just sleeping well
just waking up every 30 minutes crying
and crying we didn't know was wrong
at first I thought it was their growth
spurt because she kept one thing to be
needed but then I noticed she'd get
worked up during it and stop like you
know two minutes in an intense alter
Tommy you know completely hard then we
realize our favorite patterns tell me
pains and must be something to do gasps
I wish a birth or anything where a was
just really difficult at birth I say go
by continual burp but with her you know
he could be trying to win eater of Ages
and nothing but family put her down
she's like lifting all the time which is
obviously uncomfortable doesn't like to
get some info cold drops and not
supposed to hell alcoholic
you have reflux yeah
no fun right hmm so it's no fun at all
you're so happy ie she's drifting off
again she's asleep you today because
like I was telling you guys got a really
rough night to make before I've just
spent the entire day sleeping no
favorite thing to do in the world is
drinking milk
okay
II just said hey cuz she has reflux of
to keep her upright for a while or
absolutely she's actually gotten so much
bigger we are on our way to get some dim
sum just that baby so we have a two-hour
window yesterday I wouldn't mind a
birthday present on my knees because
she's going to be three years old in a
letter we pursue I'm not I just realized
I don't know if I'm able to go to her
birthday party because bernie buzz
forbids it I think it's like a
traditional belief and my it make sense
but a limb for a lady who is just given
birth to go to someone school in person
one my sister doesn't mine obviously but
have my granny's really a consistent you
know we want to respect her of spawning
dip isn't my sister tomorrow and then my
mom told me that my granny wouldn't
allow it
who assists in my day
stay like a little dog Edith being taken
I on a car trip and it's just excited to
look I would pin craving this so much my
favorite Chinese dessert is awful fast
it's totally but you can see it's closed
off and it just melts in your mouth
hmm careful I think you have to hold on
to the edge what did mommy tell you huh
hold here when you walk down the stairs
yeah you're a girl pay
he was that the Isaac yeah I always do
if you do a Sodom by I'll ask you five
five you are mommy right yes right here
more you know yummy and we num num num
num me 2:30 I just fed her and keeping
her out
Wow some dad's might be like all so
tired don't know if the baby dies but I
can sleep but nice 15-20 minutes I
really cherish it nice time and just
remember watch it's not going to be
small for a long time we are already
halfway through the neuqu√©n period and
all is going to be it is tiny
lunch is older I'm going to look back
and I'm going to remember these nice
critius her and I when everybody else is
asleep course all so bittersweet knowing
that she's just going to get bigger
bigger I'm just seeing everything in
looking at our Kate little TV remember
her smell her scent enjoying good the
mummies and daddies right there I'm like
Harry being a parent is just focus on
positivity focus on being grateful
