so I wake up I brush my teeth I wash my
face so I have this foam corn rind and
my face I'm taking my razor and I'm just
cool just kidding no spread it all over
your head tumbles and everything and
then take this really weird-looking fish
thing and this is sounding more like a
tutorial than a fog yeah gotta spray
some vitamins into my face and then
carry on with my skin routine there's a
no nice big lurker on my upper lip I
always start my day with green tea
because well because it's good for you
so you're wondering this is one big-ass
bowl of soup yes it is um let them I
like me a better healthy homemade
there's some meat in it and I'm just
going to get into this and then I like
to use the afternoon to fill in makeup
tutorials
so yeah I'm just doing my thing
afterwards it's just awkward because
it's just losing those posing we'd post
some shirt orders and then go grocery
shopping okay so we have bacon so far
because we're making food tonight all
this kids just a bowl cut I know how it
feels
starfrit because it's very good idea
have acne-prone skin in Hong Kong you
can buy packs of like premade soup oh
yeah so they have like fresh ingredients
and you spit water and it's pretty cool
um some chicken the lid is that we
clicked
admit this recipe quite a lot of times
so I'm actually confident enough to do
it plus it's a quite a newbie dish so
you can see I need a incision in the
chicken so forms a little pocket and
then I stuff it with two teaspoons a
pesto and then just sprinkle whatever I
might have cheese and you want inside so
I'm just doing this right now it's a
really easy dish if you don't cook very
much
like me then I do recommend it's really
yummy especially if you love pesto so
just stuffing the goodness in and my I
just apply a bit more cheese at the top
and then sprinkle some pesto at the top
of the chicken slice just to marinate it
a bit more see so am i taking some
freaking um I cannot just wrap it around
so starting from the incision in Cyprus
wrap around and then take a toothpick
and then secure it in place
as you can see that I'm doing right now
so because this chicken is so because
this chicken is pretty big I'm sorry I
add another slice of bacon and in AD
statistic again as you can see but of
course you can make your chicken slice a
lot smaller so there's only one vacant
wrapping around it which I do do
afterwards
haha my time to put more cheese and then
shove it in the oven
it means a ghulam I know in this
together I like bubbles um a liquid cool
box I guess I'll show you guys the stuff
that I use okay so for shampoo honestly
I just use my Pantene pro-v and a lot of
people say it's mark because I love
fillers but honestly I'm very low
maintenance of my hair and it works well
this is me when I rinse but not really
my favorite is this product right here I
love it it's really good it smells so
nice
oh I apply it to my ends first so the
mosque is on and I'll be on for a while
and yeah purple bra assault but I'm at
home so we're okay okay so what do I
like to do after I'm I never use this
thing right here about them what I do is
I just roll my body
what about this it will improve blood
circulation and just break I be a
cellulite what girls look like in their
own time you know yeah this is what we
do beauty is pain beauty is pain beauty
is pain okay just roll Romans the mask
is on I think I'll just show you parts
of my room where I work there's my
laptop and what's on my table I'm so I
can see I have like these little uh like
pen holders and they're so cute or oh
and it's nice to work with this in front
of you right nice and cute and have the
sleeping mask here cuz sometimes I wake
up and it's like a space on my head or
my neck for the whole day sometimes I
just like my eye mask as I hear bond and
yes this is free from virgin airways um
I guess I have some eye shadows like
lying around some makeup brushes I had
my green tea of course that I drink a
memory card tripod um a mirror and this
is like a little thumb a boyfriend with
me when he made me breakfast today what
this little thing are here just so it
holds my brushes and they look pretty
and I guess the house like semi-product
like who method crap here like loose
stuff
love this I use this maybe few times I
just like few times away can even use it
sometimes when I give myself a shil
massages thought it was really cute and
I have a thing like snow globes so
mysterious and plays music as well
do you okay you're wondering what is
this this looks like some type of like I
don't know like sex oh here's something
no but um it's not I'll show you guys
what it is people ask me what camera is
and I use a Samsung SC five five zero
and has a beauty function so it brains
the skin and looked at I'm I take photos
with ice a flash near the window so I my
skin looks so clear in a lot of my
pictures
um yes receiving it's no pad that keeps
me on track I take this long ago with me
weird stuff like these cute little jars
of Scrolls and I write messages inside
then I took some like these fake
blossoms and I stuck them on the wall as
well so it looks a bit more 3d you were
asking what this thing is and I asked if
I had like a pig rice cooker in my room
actually a humidifier is some aroma
concentrate I just put a few drops in
status and like steam comes lights and
makes me one smell really nice I am a
shoot mock or I love sheet masks as she
can uh and then here is a a Precious
Moments Bible and this is quite
interesting item I'm actually on this
page so I'd want but this is actually
the first gift that my boyfriend ever
got me so it says pray that you will
have an interest and learn many things
in the title well God loves you this man
were just friends and he gave me this of
the gift so it's really really special
to me
of course a strawberry little chair
finger messages let it's open for a
really long time
sounds like almost dry so the dairy
supplement whitening mask and it smells
like ice cream but like I said before
lately I've been getting a lot of dark
spots I've made dark spots actually so
this actually really helps lighten my
scars when I peel it from my skin really
feels like um the dullness has like
lifted off my face into the mask
I took a like this after
just like the rub the essence and see my
face those nice don't forget your neck
as well good
so this is actually used to contour and
massage my face and I really feel that
my face is a lot sharper and point dear
ever since using it it just helps water
retention and then I rinse my face and
just do my normal nighttime skin
reaching my time and I would work on my
products should be spending another few
hours doing this oh it's 11:11 big wish
but let's show you guys some brushes
first okay so yeah I've seen this one
this is the carter brush and i use this
in the office
interviewee makeup and i really like
this brush is really really soft guys
this gives a really nice even
application get that actually seen yes
but some it was all black but i've
changed it so it being some sort of a
strawberry head white then it would look
like this when it's in the container so
that's one of them this is a multi brush
and it's just something into conical
with you this is the concealer /
foundation brush you like this i'm not
just saying this because this is like
you know my product really do you think
this is one of the best foundation
brushes that I use it doesn't streak it
gives a really nice finish is really
easy to use here is another one right
here which is great for concealer and
foundation as well gives more of a HD
finish the kabuki you know it's really
soft comes up a little bag again has the
Boogie logo on it but still working on
everything and everything's going well
very nervous but hopefully you guys will
like it use it and n Wi-Fi watching just
a little bit TV as lacking on sonars
because like I said is very good for
acne prone skin so eat it guys a night
good night world
