stare right into your soul we are here
at kike you show everyone your hat I
think let me think
oh come on pop your head is so rhyme
what did you profess this girl has next
string you curious little girl is
officially one week old
because huge eyes big I think guys who
does she resemble more Emily or Debbie's
no baby change all the time but it looks
like a fox my eye
come on use as my chin I'm not sure who
the eyebrows are from she has pretty
nice high but something that later Tim
and I have the nose of hard to tell like
from here it looks like daddy's nose
doesn't it but tonight it have this very
few moles under like triangles not look
like horns but here's the groin just
like mine so control knows yet
I think the lips part in the head cheek
- it's mine
since you got pretty must arise I think
there is another picture than Isaac's
life so serious
casually hanging on the floor
contemplating Wars it's shorter than
what I would like it to be but it's okay
you know change is good you want to put
this on your face I mean okay one just
one
that's right now laughs does it feel
good
Wow nice and soft
Oh smooth
Lowell I need to yeah your hair looks
literally there we go much better your
hair yeah I don't know why but lately he
feels so grown-up to me this is where I
repair all the damage not only that I
swell up a lot during pregnancy but even
afterwards I swell up even more rs
machine just help to firm up my face and
just give me more definition feels good
already
I can already see like my face is
sharpening up just one week after giving
birth and who's so wrong it was like a
pancake before quite funny because of
the comments every day go to tell me
like it's like a
okay you and you and I doing
can we give a little Yoda
gosh it's mofo BMO what everyone so nice
to be up when nobody is still tricking
Tecate
what am i Texas is um see people make TM
incorrectly for me to make the tea
correctly you have to teabag the water
and in a milk and then you know I see
some people they put water and then milk
and then like the tea bag and I just
strong all day making up da Jie GU this
guy look at your ugly i you slightly
what
they're right into your soul I have
spent the past ten days in a nightie mr.
Daly has the Midwest as it were last
time and I'm still great and Hong Kong
you never get Midwife coming to your
home you have to kill yourself
oh did nurse come yesterday ah yeah
the Midwife said the a WA has completely
cold yeah on her first week and times
more in fact she said she was surviving
enjoying your buffaloes yeah imagine
that my abdominal muscles are quite
stretched so she's gonna refer me to a
Brazilian farting Isaac he's been
abducting so well in fact I think
because we actually give him more
attention be seen wow this is it
Wow yeah this whoa yes yes
I don't like to leave the house with all
lipstick either to Burton I mean get I
mean you get dirt you get drink oh wow
big day I hope my Oh some you have been
asking if we're doing a confinement
things Chinese tradition a lot of times
after women have a baby
they say that the body goes through a
lot so they say ready for the
confinement period one month the mother
and the baby stays home to recover a lot
of times after confinement that's it
since be nice to become this here they
say that the body continuing get
stronger there's a lot of rules the
penalty stick by some people they don't
shower for a whole month because they
say that a woman shouldn't touch the
water oh okay I forgive you no chance
I'm not going to shower for a month
subscribe that you guys are basically
the stable and that's not something I
just do but my mother-in-law does one
Ella to stay home for a month because
she wants to remain seem to be stronger
as much as I really want to go out there
and just wish strong mouldable no no no
quite there be normal with the baby I
respect my mother-in-law's wishes and
you know it's okay
well it just means that after I feed her
I think I'm somewhere for short periods
of time by myself but it just means this
is such a small window because I think
fast to feed her one thing I can't eat
is cold stuff babe are you trying to
tempt me mum says I can eat this really
really good enough oh such a nice
afternoon
Isaac's a daycare I don't know why but
was I see I thought I was really hard I
know I have Ella it's like actually you
know take your newborn is it's quite
easy you know I think Dimitra teaching
is just getting lots of sleep but I am
NOT like a new point you really just eat
sleep and poop
I just kind of complained such a good
girl I could spend my life in this sweet
surrender I could stay lost in this
movement but we
