hi everyone its Bub's today I'm here at
my really good friend lien and she's
going to be doing my eye makeup today so
I'm very excited and I will be doing her
makeup let's see the way we do her
makeup is pretty different
yes your style is more very much
minimalist minimalistic I've seen
minimalistic but in a more Asian Korean
way we want to last night
I always love fun but I'm feeling really
tired and Haggard today so my hands are
still shaking my way like I think I'm
still kind of let's just go with the
flow I got change out of my 90 for like
the first time in ages but I'm still in
sweats do we actually do first you have
prime my lip right there yes we have
primer and I really like use primer in
my skin these days do you use a primer
if I'm looking extra saalu so I'll use
like a purple base so I can get doesn't
appear as yellow but I should go to see
I'm quite shiny today so will that help
yes we're just chilling no pressure just
girls handbag so do you want me to use
my homes or doing a youth brushes
whatever okay fine do can I have like
three brushes that's good I only use
three brushes myself as well worried I'm
worried for you
see I'm making so pretty but she's like
oh I don't know what I'm doing I
actually don't know what I'm doing oh
really
yeah fingers okay all day foundation
it's really good
what's your favorite Venetian
my favorite is laura mercier one okay
okay let's see some of your questions
best skincare advice you can ever give
hmm
oh that's a really broad one guys from a
makeup stand of you know how to cleanse
your makeup properly because it doesn't
matter you get all this expensive
product if you're not cleansing yours
thoroughly and of course you know how
hygienic you over here makeup tools who
says you have to put your makeup on like
haikus do it you know with the v-shape
and stuff just do whatever works best
for you let's choose fingers and here's
gonna be great because like the thinkers
can melt the product nicer to your skin
anyway a beauty trend that you're not a
fan off a pity trend yeah okay not
shading to Instagram makeup
I think it's mod skill I think the
question is would you rather look better
in person or in photos in person
definitely yeah one of the girls they're
more kicked thud alerts mmm it looks
great people which is something that but
it's not really for me
so Ling is using the concealer as a base
for the eyes as well
okay shall we do Bryce we're gonna do
Bryce Little Mix Orphic harmony Little
Mix are they'll mix as well so I've
known since like I've always known E but
like we didn't end up being like good
friends at ol home home wasn't in common
yeah was like I know nice buddies oh
yeah and then we thought but we both are
really group do you have a side that you
like prefer for photos I think this side
I usually post this side and people are
you feeling like what's up below I have
a site as well is it the site um this
side skinnier than this side like oh
there's definition on this side but not
here let's get so far but what is it
what you said Eldon ocker from the
anesthesia College yes when Lena at
worked in Hong Kong
her name was anastasiya or Anastasia
yeah do you know how I got no home from
that party
she's new judging those Netflix what did
you think
did it get you going in what way do G
make up for your girlfriend much oh no
definitely no I don't think they would
trust me well I don't trust you good
what is one thing you wish you knew 10
years ago let me see 10 years ago I
would be 21 I would have been 17 I wish
I knew back I would never people to
fulfill my mum's expectations I think
I'm a little bit from my MA oh yeah yeah
okay hmm
I don't know I think it's because like
whenever you're this first child they
expect more yeah I love to please people
and sometimes it is good in a way that
you're know you're so selfless but then
it's good to take care of yourself as
well sometimes I forget
okay so what we are doing to get this
two-dimensional look we are using raw
Sienna this one here your skin that
matches every kind of color what's one
of your current goals to achieve me I
want to spend more time my dog's ever
since the birth of our children I feel
like their attention has just gone way
way lower we try to walk them as much as
possible get their cuddles but just want
to spend more time with them because
dogs it will it was not stupid what are
some products the products that you must
have I have to have a broad product yes
theater whenever I take my makeup off so
last I have no brows if you can only do
them if you rather highlight or contour
contour I'm not a big fan of highlight
how we're different people that's in
time I don't like the really sharp
highlight I like it contract hit from
anesthesia we're going to use I don't
know which one I just use but yeah we're
just me is good go for it go in with
this color here
either way how do I get to the contour
your forehead different ways what
everyone's differently usually the
course it kills me when I see people
conquered her nose the same way because
everybody knows it as different some
parts don't need to become on board
so we'll fight the big boobs like my
boots are still quite small like I like
I feel like when I run about Nestor's I
have to hold my boobs so I couldn't even
imagine what it's like for you oh no
just if you like sleep and it rolled to
the recite to never club no I think they
will clap though whenever I grow older
but I actually have problems with my
boobs because I would love to get them
reduced
it's coz that's why I like I'm in like
you know every time she talks about it
her husband's like me know the exact I
felt like a different moon that means
I'm okay so I'm gonna use the classic
champagne they actually look good in the
camera what do you mean the correct
oh there's some lips up there you wanna
have a look for colors Oh your boat as
you only wear nude normally right yeah I
mean everything you were red or no never
oh there's the console I love my lips
but I have their fault for me as well
because they're so big I'm very scared
of putting something bold on it because
it makes it in bigger you're such a
beautiful lips and you don't want them
to sound oh no this is really nice oh
it's actually really not nice so what we
used was she she's already more is that
how you pronounce it I always say you
like yellow okra
so this is it the moment of truth
foundation is really nice this is why I
put my makeup on Thank You Lane as my
turn I look at my feet thank you so much
Ling for giving me a peek over and the
know it's my turn to I guess pretty call
it Bob's beautify the beautiful link so
if you want to see the like then
definitely remember to check out his
video and her channel and remember to
subscribe
