marry go next day and I think I should
be able to be charged Palmas easy be
happy hump is kind of funny because when
she was born we were like oh my gosh
it's jelly Isaac
the swelling's article way and we
realize actually she looks a lot like me
I spent so long trying to get her to
sleep and nothing daddy comes in and
save the day
that's from Lala I think did you think
you laughs it's okay
Thank You Isaac Thank You Keisha babies
with Danny touch works again
he needs to pay money for you when you
have a mother ng mum hungry foot now for
well cook for me now I'm not giving her
pinky that's his most precious thing
ever
what do you think
study singing lat should we sing twinkle
twinkle little star Alana okay morley
business will be yourself
come on hold me hand you such a good boy
the sky and Tim one time to get a
prescription for me before more have
more girls I'm so sorry he got wet and I
was crying
okay daddy's downstairs never been so
excited for you know fall we have just
been taking oh okay camera on Isaac
better so we're just been taking a
little break huh it's a Thursday and I
had a baby
aha my boob you wanted to get myself a
one week maternity leave just lie on
this fellow the baby of course with this
little guy Instagram oh well except
annoyed because his supercar change is
finished no we're going to read a book
now he actually has more attention on DC
they were neighboring a baby whom it's
like their work week
oh yeah
please Rudi's entities
yeah Wow
Wow and Oh
we are on our way to pick up Isaac will
stay here I'm so excited because I don't
even the high Lama spins and I've been
able to pick up especially those who
have been a bit volatility with a left
machine using copy but I don't know I
feel like she knows that like things are
different just manipulate the boy really
part of him I still feel guilty and
obviously I haven't been able to benefit
I'm alone these days we're really
digging in I feel like and then like
there always was the hockey days he is
being like the singers they're just
inseparable
Sinjin well guys recovery is I mean it's
good I get the time complete just a
little ironic because little Raven I
would for a VBAC birth was I thought
recovery wise it would be easier of
course last time I know as a c-section
scars a lot more serious but as being
like recovery wise I I dealt with it
better I always thought my troubled area
would be you know the front area
I never thought like it would be the
behind area that would become tv3
I think about the Huell of these every
mummy yeah Debbie well I've actually
really dressed today she's sleeping a
lot which means that I'm spending a lot
of time with Isaac I have the mummy came
to get you in school today right
if someone doing really well being potty
trained all right let's do this the
critic oh I just cover hi hello hello
everyone
finally an update and a little bit
actually since L is newborn and we've
just been enjoying settling in so gotta
say it has been really nice I am NOT
tired as I thought I will be making is
because I've done all before I know what
to expect
whereas back then it was like such a
shock I'm actually enjoying it so much
more because with Isaac I told you guys
it took me a little while for me to bond
with him but with Ayla you know it was
very easy for me to just immediately
connect with her I think largely is
because I don't want to make the same
mistake as I did but then I think of
course being back home really helps
being able to see my friends has family
here my mother-in-law on my mom has just
an amazing hopefully I'm going to be
doing a little photo shoot on her so I
have this old teacher here you guys have
seen before and this headband actually
matches it perfectly I'm gonna have this
stretch wrap here which I want to use
this little headphones with leaves on it
might be pretty with it this will either
go really well or
so well that we will see sleep I can
photos
you
