I'm eating of the negatives July my body
was going in labor he says what's wrong
company I told them how to store tell me
anything
I need more valuable oh thank you oh
thank you I take mommy feel better
signal contraction and the last one was
four minutes apart and in three minutes
three minutes three minutes four minutes
five five five four and get the real
deal
like mommy's big belly gonna be gone are
you gonna miss I think you wanna see me
baby in the house are you gonna kiss the
baby all the time that good boy
I think it's bedtime okay you need a
sleep soon look at mommy
yeah good mommy would be yes okay
I remember at this moment I got so
emotional I have been mentally preparing
myself that very soon it was no longer
just be three of us and while I was
excited about a great family it was a
bittersweet moment hugging Isaac as the
only child for the very last time but
the same time I was also feeling so
thankful for the past three critical
years gonna to
we cannot fund our way to house the more
time I am basically the more hostages
have a my body to work all the muscle
which means easier easier and I try to
remind myself not to pain isn't because
I'm hurt it's just power not like I'm
stopped like the wood is not set up
stick and completely natural assisted
what it means
hopefully delivery will be too long and
I will be a people mover here comes me
if I ever say any mean things he I just
want to apologize in advance I'm tell
you I don't mean it I have this baby
yeah I know I can do this
you know choke three to four centimeters
dilated I'm going to tell myself for
what I can do though to do what I do and
give them a tur a few hours my
contractions felt so much more stronger
Osteria
I mean the baby's in the wrong position
well no of my chest height libraries are
buying facing line ideal well we should
all look at I'm like good news is we're
past 19 well she doesn't wait boy on the
19th sound like the number a hard turn
over
I can see why people would like blue
this is why I was excited party has to
be monitored so that amazing tired
normal while my contractions party to
get stronger the mid word recommended
for me to get into the tub because the
born water cooks to like the
contractions whatever I smell like
didn't even for me to feel better where
if I were to keep moving it and being
restricted in the tub didn't help and
especially being strapped up and
monitored the tub wasn't doing anything
for me
the Midwife ekam ended some morphine to
make me a bit sleepy but nope I needed
to a swimming pool room release back
pain for the increase by tenfold I
realized the best way for me to deal
with the pain was by walking but because
of my SPD it started to get really
difficult for me to walk at almost 11
hours of painful contractions I ended up
in a quite a frenzied state of illegal
contraction
because he recovers
you
at this stage I just feel like I really
needed the juice
are you sailing myself we have a drug
free bird but epidural learning when
they can get epidural all dirty six item
here and in
we had the consultant confirm that I was
meeting very very slow progress and in
her experience women who progress the
school she warned me that my chances of
me getting it feedback was very slim and
she wanted to prepare me for it in my
mind I was thinking okay if I need to
get a c-section in me and that's okay
because at least I know I tried but
something told me to do within that I
was could be giving birth in this very
room
with two hours ago I need I have to be
as calm and as relaxed as possible for
more oxytocin
so I rested and I found my heart why so
cheery reading and fashion from one
hours time the new can push
you
English
and then I got the picture by 15 minutes
when they told me the baby curry was
going down so to tell me that if I don't
push hard enough you will need forceps
so I just went for it
whoo
you
amazing social babies as your baby is
another reason now I take a moment to
thank everyone for being such an amazing
pillar of support during the whole
pregnancy journey it's been an absolute
honor walking yet another chapter of our
lives with you guys fireside thank you
so much dude amazing midwives and
doctors from the royal maternity
hospital especially current Christine
Madeline and kini last them at least and
my incredible husband and favorite
person in the world
hello
see our YouTube family we would like to
introduce each our daughter Ella we're
settling really well as a family and
four of us will be seeing me and the
next box
