where is not bit of weed yeah everyone
just a quick update harder to feel
really really crappy so I took an ice
bath and why I'm just doing a little bit
of rest I think if I common to krump for
the next 24 hours after a membrane sleep
bleeding a little which again is
expected after that wonder she's going
to be coming in the next three days
hello listen and play dusters my knee in
my PJs guys we just had dinner at my
mother's Olive so I just want to hide a
nightie
yeah it's been four five hours since
then I played
starting to build contractions every
several minutes feel like what I had at
the beginning of Isaac going to go back
and get another class if it is the real
deal going to try and labor
your contractions are one minutes long
four minutes apart from our well I came
back really needing a BA and so much
better after taking a BA or maybe it's
false labor but for the top five
contractions
they've been about ten minutes apart so
I'm going to try
tractions in every 10 minutes for an
hour and I can't really sleep sir after
the manageable but it's quite hard to
screw them so weird i up tell me to get
ready 3/8 and trying to get some rest in
between several minutes apart I want em
to get as much as possible like I think
in the next few hours cannot leave dies
after to sleep I had more intense
contractions right and I kept going and
kept clean till like 7:00 a.m. 7:30 a.m.
actually was from 8 to 10 minutes of
course you guys know to seven minutes
apart and then for a while and was six
or seven minutes apart and then I start
creeping up again to like nine minutes
apart 11 minutes apart so yeah I got
quite tired I lay in bed and I knew it
when I lay in bed
it kind of slow is going and so I
thought I'm going to get some rest so I
took enough ended up sleeping for an
hour and a half I woke up and yeah it
just seems as if either that stopped
really slow I know I am exhausted
morning keep trollin trollin trollin
mommy keep trollin trollin trollin mommy
what can you do guys I was so sure but I
guess I have another day my lobby actors
keep on moving funny pun for my flower
bed we're having such a great day just
do errands picking up stuff
hater sexy no home where is not better
weed
I love it thank you that's me you can
stomp me dying but I'll always get back
up I will get back up again reading
about the early labor see it is a period
of time not necessarily continuous where
there are painful contractions and there
is some several change including
cervical assessment and dilation up to
four centimeters
aspyn's about right they may continue
for several hours but not become longer
as stronger this start and stop pattern
is completely normal I guess I am in
early labor before I go into active
labor we usually show up in the evening
when the body is the background
adrenaline level naturally stops oh why
every time the morning comes they feed
off a long pre liver to suggest that the
baby so need to move to be in a better
position
hmm very interesting oh excuse me oh so
he pronounces book
what's this Isaac what is this what do
you wear what don't
goodness all I thought of it was my
tummy this time right I have all these
stretch marks on my back because how big
my belly is this time right
don't forget your back ladies
anyways here is my 40 week bump looks
like a big side boob wonder today is a
lucky day I think I've been looking at
at scuffing in flogged lately I'm
popular I know is actually my mom and
myself so after like a few days so you
guys know I've been eating so much
pineapple hoping to get things going
another pineapple is it's got something
that eats away the protein so when
you're eating pineapple then sort of in
a way the pineapple is also eating you
whenever I've been drinking anything
less slightly acidic like fruit juice or
even eating like a Mandarin or a Satsuma
whatsoever it burns I know it for
today's look I'm wearing one of my
favorite lipsticks
it's my mega forever it's a varnish
artist intense and number 36 it's a fun
pink you guys have seen me use this for
years using my sweet peach palette from
Too Faced as always the colors aren't
always are these two and in the peach
for the lid and I still I'm using a MV
line crinkle and then for blush hervana
and then understood the clips into a
parter using the solar light holy white
is good if you're more on the pale side
I'm not that pale if you want something
that's really really really subtle and
hula light is quite a good choice
I love the Internet
officer contraction things people know
where you're going
