new your eyes ik I think over that me
tippy I'll click I happy they are to go
outside
where's your shoes
don't wanna close my little dinner I
love this event it has six cups of
raspberries tea and two big portions of
pineapple today and also Curry's weird
inner it's really trying to get this
video I'm trying near Isaac
I did over today will be that day
cut dear mommy what are they don't worry
buddy
the water for you daddy you will come
outside
are you finished you want mommy to pick
you but no me Susie can daddy pick you
up
yes so completely lost my train of
thought
but I can wait everyone it is currently
20 past 10:00 and we are getting ready
good woody we check up tomorrow is my
duty I believe I made it this long
mom remember me do a few doctors he
always sports the food nurses and stuff
really happy to meet it as far because
the visor
I was induced when I was 38 week yes
feeling really thankful should I really
thought that she'd be hurry but she's
taking her time
I don't know today they are going to
offer a membe room suite or not when
they did membrane suite basically they
sort of put like two figures up and do a
little squirrel just to separate the bug
a membrane under the cervix not supposed
to trigger hormones that might trigger
labor so designing us I should do it
because today's the 17th often I so I'm
thinking actually if she's here 74 July
a little unlikely it will be amazing
because Isaac was born on 28 off the
eighth so as she born on 17th of the
seventh I would be really cool a lot big
deal
although with that being said I have
been eating a lot of pineapple drinking
some aggressive grass between tea
so the question is should I go to the
membrane sleep or not because I had it
before with Isaac
but the difference is that when they did
it for me in Hong Kong it was so early
at course early aborting to come in my
cervix
but apparently my cervix wasn't ready
yet so it was all hard those actual
people but the more ripe your body is
the less painful it is I've had friends
who Reacher due dates and stuff and it
was still quite uncomfortable for them
so in order to get contractions again
actually last night they went from 10
all the way till missing by 9 so a lot
longer actually constantly I'm not
intense as it was a few days ago but
they were still coming fast open source
data reading the doctor I think was
asking like what that is mouthing oh
it's a flower and then I think the more
I look at it the more I realize actually
if not its sperm are going towards an
egg said we're level to be are fair game
Jackie said he'll please swear which one
okay I think where are we yes hospital
yeah
at smile and I have a fight and then
here we'll fight thank you thank you got
out of the hospital women's group one
had asked at the newest healthy and then
the doctor recommended a sweet because
at the same time she could sort of tell
by society and the good news is I've
already dilated to three centimeters and
almost fully at least when your business
completion yet babies in a good position
who they're gonna wait a week from here
off by which time she doesn't come here
naturally they will induce in their own
little ways
that's how next week you will be leaving
the hospital until you have a baby go
home a baby next time was quite shocked
my 3 p.m. oh really
I knew it though because like of all the
contractions I've been getting I telling
you guys like my down below so flooding
a membrane sleep it actually really
wasn't my by anything they actually had
a medical student it was a guy and I
actually said I'm really sorry but if
it's okay I would prefer if you didn't
see it because I feel like if you're
watching me I'll feel uncomfortable
Washington PU yeah so if I'm tense
that's gonna affect how I relax I am
which will affect my think wonder at the
understood
then secondly I kept my mouth and jaw
open because I've been told us he
clenched that tends to tighten things
down there which can make me comfortable
and three Isaac was in a room and he was
singing technical little star and
eyelashes launched into space so if he
just concentrate on something that
relaxes he and we have meet then it
helps a lot I really was not elegant
about gentle exam or it could be because
the beginning of my pregnancy I was
bleeding like so often all the time that
they had to keep doing exams that I kind
of saw usage in look what these are not
doing every time we finish having a
previous we actually always go grabbed
in some of the garden so that's what
we're going to do possibly going to be
one of the final times we dying as a
trio okay you guys are silly panic of
already almost done we just had awesome
some some rest tonight for guys to
comment on your girlfriend movement good
boy and I can finally choose on me
