and what does the crocodile go la la
I'm will buy an elephant oh man my
phone's ringing oh it stopped all I
thought was all the way over there music
gotta get up I'm sure it's fine just
everything's a slog my last wall it's
funny because a lot of you guys can
relate to me so many ways regarding my
food runt and incident with Tim you have
to sharing thing today Tim decided to
bring back Burger King and what's funny
is this time he knows new sharing meals
and he got me a whole meal but the thing
is usually he despised refer me this
time I wasn't regular and was large it
was actually supersize so I'm wondering
if I kind of like scared him there and
promote he's just go to super sizing for
me yes guys thank you so much for
agreeing with me that Cassie is a
legitimate reason to be mad with someone
amazing thank back to you like even
times where I get really bad food or a
virus and just stick to my bones I can
still say no nuance I even never got my
green whatever I find if I really hurt
myself from falling I'll say I'm fine
but whenever I'm hungry it's like oh my
gosh I'm dying I'm so dramatic woke up
craving egg salad sandwich mmm just be
clear guys I'm not doing this to get a
pity party I just want to show you guys
the effects of the KD my phone is on the
bed I'm going to go grab it
is me going pretty fast but Roshi
so I have trouble walking by myself a
lot of times what I would have to do is
I will sort of have to like walk well
leaning my weight on something because
because obviously holding my own weight
Kurt so uh second trimester
great after that quite different
well Alexa can you play just the rain
please - got the Alexis thingy feels
like I have a little Jarvis these few
days I have just been very very
emotional which is ironic because I was
telling you guys that like priority'
that I've been feeling so peaceful but
for whatever reason these few days
I've just been dealing with a lot of
anxiety feeling a lot of fears and I
think it's definitely a mixture of
different reasons I know I'm completely
marinated and they cocktail of hormones
I guess I don't know maybe the anxiety
comes from the nesting urge uh you know
and trying to work really hard just to
make sure everything is done but then
the reality is you know your bucket
never completely empties when you strike
out something from your list something
new ads on I'm is weird because you guys
know that like over the past week I've
been getting really frequent
contractions one night in particular
actually thought I was in labor pretty
sure that the next day it would be real
labor because I had a friend who
recently had her baby she told me that
she actually went into real labor today
after she had the false labor that they
afterwards was when I started to feel a
lot anxiety I've really been struggling
to walk you right night Tim Isaac at my
mom and mother out having lunch and you
know I I couldn't go because I didn't
think you know I could I could bear the
pain of walking and it sounds silly but
there
you know you can have like little silly
pity parties for yourself and because I
haven't been able to walk I can't walk
the dogs and you know just a lot of
guilt you know not even not being able
to spend time properly at the dog guilt
that I can't do the things that I want
to do Isak course tim has been feeling
very overworked as well because I know
that he's tired I don't want to ask him
to do more things so I try to do it and
I end up feeling very inadequate and
it's just silliness over the past three
days my contractions firmly completely
stopped and I lift it up and not
surprisingly I find that anxiety and
fear can actually stall your labor
yesterday the day before I remember of a
plant and my garden and it's slightly
misaligned I wanted to get a speed pick
it up and then replant it but of course
Tim could see that okay his wife is
heavily pregnant he was actually quite
mad he's like what what are you doing
that should be the least of your
priorities but in that moment I felt
like I really needed to do it justice
courage to fix things and have things
perfect Italy trying to get things done
setting unrealistic expectations what I
really really needed was just a release
attention just by talking about it and
two things I got to do one is to come
the crab dine another thing is to just
not to give a crap too much I'm actually
also instead of me needing someone to
tell me everything's gonna be alright
although that would be great and that is
what I thought the most important thing
actually is for myself to believe it
rather than relying on someone to say
that to me not to screw you next girl oh
why not
squirrels are Olson do you know that
when squirrels hide their nuts like
eighty percent of time they can find it
because I can't find it those acorns end
up turning to tree so like squirrels
actually plant trees
how do you not love them be like
Whittemore knife come on back certainly
plug trees down at the crab I think you
know what a goes captain you like
the dog yeah what are the doctor
well are we an apples here
mmm yeah and what are the crocodile go
yeah I'm well by an elephant I'm a snake
tiger a monkey your lips nice and soft
like mommy after this yeah let me show
mommy how you do the piece of life I get
better treatment from the sky and
usually he gives me more massages on my
legs and you do over this one
this is the life you see his little hand
makes it feel really good he does with
my toes as well
