Isaac Isaac do Oklahoma see mommy
a beautiful day here Austin on some
dinner
almost 7:00 p.m. on it's still school
coming for a position here feels like
summer has been here for a while but
reality is we have July and August we
are stuck between finisher foods so
we're bringing the rest home contents it
is really hot we are going to drop my
scene
mmm like father like son
neither of them like ice cream oh
there's a whole hello
ready why you walking ahead go go go go
the best Wonder Boys summer is the -
it's almost 9:00 p.m. and as you can see
it's still so funny
daddy cut you sorry yeah you going home
wrong friend
- are those - hmm sometimes just
uploading a premises well I think what I
hear we're having a barbecue and this
guy feels a need to take all his
instruments right side passage any time
got the barbecue
I think impractical something I know so
part of it and then we cut up the
something and it was in a big bowl and
it was so happy and then she tripped the
spell I'd always be as a sausage I'm
going everywhere let's also buffer when
you're frying it was like the only not
true sausages or even even get anymore
Oh what is off is also yeah no wonder my
circles dead no this guy does my feet
then get up my ice cream he doesn't like
bacon through the Bible - Caleb look
like barbecue you have to admit okay
taking out me 20 minutes of prep one
chicken wings Maynard's in a bit
pointless you're almost like food
attempt to just go to your kitchen and
just sear it over a pond however
add the day it also tastes extra cute
eating the chicken wings that we spent
so long present in the fire even at the
chicken wing at first feel something at
ease is amazing because you spent like
half an hour on it huge
I look huge
I look huge
$5.00 chicken wings no you're very long
hot all right you're not here bitterly
Pakistan laughing yeah that is off to
pick up food yeah my back is so sore
guys they say that like right before you
give birth and they're supposed to get
like extra bad lower back pain I don't
know the decision of the baby or you
know because I was hunched over with the
barbecue but I heard my dinner it's
going to take to be behind the tractor
we're here we're at a farmhouse
restaurant supposedly my mum and law
came here yesterday and she said it was
pretty good anymore go enjoy easy
language I got a product here and a cup
of a little soup my goodness guys I
literally just walked less than 10
meters you have no idea but actually a
lot of your strength really does come of
your back
and if you don't have the back strength
you know it's hard to stand try to walk
it's hard to lift things it's hard to
pull yourself up to bed even cooking is
an issue because you don't have the
strength to cut stuff with your knife
like I said getting a lot of false alarm
anyways I hope she'll come come tonight
or tomorrow anyway because tomorrow is
12 of July which is a big holiday here
in Northern Ireland and that means
there's gonna be like a lot of parades
people are going to be parading in the
road so if we need to head to hospital
that will be an issue because there will
be sergeants avoidance of people
marching just an imagine ever really
don't happen I'll probably like scream
at them dad if I wear the imaginisce
parade and in this car like beeping and
just this crazy pregnant woman like
trying to divide them like the red stink
so speaking or false alarms
yeah the contractions is one of them and
then another one is a little bit of TMI
but sometimes like when I stand up and I
realize my bladder is actually school
and all a pressure I end up peeing
myself a little bit this is the real but
hey you do have a little bit of
incontinence tell my mother-in-law that
I thought my water broke but I just peed
myself
mother-in-law was like yeah but on the
otic solute is warm but I'm thinking P
is also warm currently three and I
started to time my contractions steadily
being frequent signing off at around 50
mins apart
there are people or anything what they
just felt different I can I don't look
like I'm being true so much so I didn't
I don't know if those false papers so I
went to get some sleep because they were
so quite mild I woke up after an hour
and a half and I they are happening
proximately every nine minutes but again
it's not like painful some of the
earlier ones were a bit more painful
stronger since it is three I'm going to
try and get some sleep again you shall
see my sister as I go through this if
you have a 12th of July baby like no
well-thought is funny but I obviously
don't want that to happen
whoa thank you so much Deborah this must
be from you just looks amazing
oh my goodness chocolate dipped
strawberries
I got bouquet of them thank you so much
Deborah you're so sweet you know I'm
just going to demolish this I'm so
excited to we cheered me up from all the
false labor from last night so good I
want to cry mmm
I'm strong rehearsal was sweet mmm
Julian two cars
change airplanes the stereotypical boy
type of toy exactly twenty dollars that
your book I'm really tend to like it the
forum so this is the upside down and the
perfectionism II just want to picked up
but then you realize like what like
what's the point
like that's not him doing it yeah
regarding last night I had contractions
she started around half ten they went on
for like seven I actually got to a point
where I feel quite uncomfortable asleep
because it was getting quite strong but
then it turned out to be false labor
because I went away as you can imagine I
woke up pretty tired and cranky today
which is another false alarm
I'm sure it's all something because when
it happens
I fear or some sort of cervical pain I
think I'm just going to stop timing the
contractions I'll just wait till they
get a unbearable so Mina's have been
asking regarding my Isaac potty training
is doing halftime you guys know Musa
party was really which we received it
and I was also can 11 get comfortable
with it so what we do with every night
before ass off I would I sit on and he
would do we and in the morning he would
do that today we are going to properly
but it go because I realized baby's
coming so might as well use EC days you
can't see but I bottom half it's
completely like naked he's not where
anytime he doesn't have diapers no
shorts or anything so we're just sold
this is the way to go and he's actually
been to the potty like a time could it
really part of him see have had zero
accidents today although it is only 3
p.m. he just really really pride
whatever happens like every five minutes
like he keeps running to it whenever he
can guy says he just went to do we Li da
he had to do this like a tiny version of
a toilet easy wow you did we hike
yeah okay
