Tim thought he was doing a good deed but
in that moment I was like what morning
everyone morning I actually felt my
tummy is tightening up every few minutes
and happen till about 8:00 a.m. it was
wife oriental enam as usual you guys
know that it's really weird feeling my
tummy where I can't even really describe
it now I kind of feels like late period
class I took touching my tummy and it
still feels really hard I have a
doctor's appointment today
might talk to my doctor about that
actually I can also talk by the first
time and get the green light for a the
keeping a little ambulance cover in the
hospital you're like putting the coins
an impression of what whoa Hey ladies
what about the garlic we take all of
them cut my husband appointment baby
seems to be healthy dr. Sosna Lala has a
pretty big belly AB so far at almost 38
weeks she Southern Pines and one point
regarding the period like crumbs and the
tightening is part of the process with
my body getting ready for labor that
implies 1-iron she's happier Jan Isaac
already
but so into get back to where you ramp
and he said not talk about absolutely
but I think your partner Fitbit race to
the bottom and they just imploded
yes um about one individual sharing
their lives to a really nice afternoon
watching some YouTube videos to getting
ready to film a video been a while since
I crawl my hair so I might do that but I
don't know Portuguese like I am wearing
my vivid pop stick by f2 hoist is
actually one of my favorite colors but
it doesn't tell me what color it is but
it looks like this which is a lovely
peachy color and you guys know I love
peach blush I'm using hervana by benefit
and of course as I've been telling you
guys with and loving this on sea lion
highlight and then you guys also know I
love my color contour stick an answer I
shadow I'm using that B by Bob's Beauty
talent favorite abou color is the youth
optimistic on the all-over lid and happy
on the actual eyelid area ten inches to
contour up I use inspired which is a
matte brown and then for my lower lash
line I'm using confidence release the
plum I also have kind which is a kalila
color and as a highlight the inner
corners I'm wearing hopeful super
different today and I know wise I'm
using em cosmetics usually I like the
brush type eyeliner but when it comes to
the em cosmetics ones I prefer a little
tip I just find it a lot easier to work
with one creates my little stash cut off
what we have it whip up all these breast
pods and Fox's up here we have diaper
supply and like a bunch more stuff over
there white otherwise we have like 12
pockets of water White's there at
breastfeeding pillow these are all baby
shampoos and body washes
baby creams and lotions and nappy rash
creams bottle cleaners cotton buds just
a whole load stuff
more wipes naughty by cotton pads I
could run a little baby supply shop I
thought my water Pope I think I just
peed myself
eckhart we just had rice noodles but I
was so hungry because like I tell you
guys I don't know what's happening but I
just been hungry all the time I would
actually like 4 a.m. I would wake up and
I'd be like I need food
I mean Tim go to three different places
Jarvis very different places to get me
this through solder everywhere and this
is the last walk as I one thing on her
like the longest time and then my
mother-in-law she got me one and then as
I was about to eat it
Isaac came over and he's all like eat
and so I came to MIT I've been thinking
about is it doable
I can go to the farmer officially I've
grown all my maternity tops over some
time see my belly picking underneath
just uploaded any slaw and a lot of you
guys are saying that Isaac's crying face
is like you feel bad for him but you
can't help but laugh I just figured out
what about his face is so unique I'm
slightly entertaining see his crying
face the top half looks angry the bottom
half is sad I am working on my threat
plan and so for whatever it was we're
hoping for unmedicated birth Lecter use
of drugs for pain relief however I also
understand that this one may not always
follow during labor and delivery
I want to be as mobile as possible
during labor when I move around new
episiotomy unless absolutely necessary
a use of gentle control fishing I want
to let my body do its thing rather than
forceful rushed pushing but I've
massaged warm compress and support of
the perineum to prevent tearing who
prefer female midwives to help really
progress better I just feel like I'd be
more comfortable if I'm stirring by
ladies and possible I feel like I'd be
anxious with some you know a guy which
might affect me psychologically which
might affect me from opening marginal
examinations caption minimum would like
to have they'd be placed directly on
chest for skin-to-skin plan to
breastfeed Amelie where they've done
Bella Coke or to stop pulsing before
it's clumped so I think that's really
big
you just watch spider-man spider-man
does whatever spider-man can what do you
think will fight any spoilers what are
your thoughts um yeah all moral stuff
I've never been in office on the
spider-man I think you kind of look but
this movie made another critical eye
different read it differently there's a
movie
my tummy just kept having these like
these dead stations
I know it happened always on my back
kind of like period cramps and happen
always there to movie and I was like
boom and I got really morbid they're
just gonna go home
the Blair's like some sort of band and
it could be because is too tight and
probably too crumb so I don't know an
icebox
now saying I got quite sweaty in this
number because I don't know why I like
my body has got really hot speaking of
hot lady I've been a bit more hot-headed
already given Tim two strikes within the
past four days
the first strike came when you know Tim
and I had peace on Milan go and
obviously we didn't finish it so it was
really happy because I'm being yeh I get
to have leftover pizza for breakfast or
lunch because as we all know for some
reason leftover pizza always tastes
better than when it is freshly repaired
I don't know why maybe because of my
reign is longer I don't know I was
really excited waking up to have that
leftover pizza and then something happen
with the leave the house and so I'll be
it
ok the pizza was two days old and him
but he was doing a good deed by throwing
it away from me but in that moment I was
like what in the kitchen I was like you
did not throw away my pizza was so
desperate I even like hope the food
benda see if I could take it out what is
so sad because the pizza like she's not
even cold yet and you know you're
already giving up on her yeah I got
quite upset man yesterday I was quite
tired I didn't really feel like making
dinner so Tim was like it's ok babe I'm
gonna bring home dinner is Cassie ok yes
Cassie sounds good
he comes home and then I noticed he put
some meal on a table and I noticed that
there's only one meal so I asked him if
he at first and then brought the take at
home and as I know I thought we'll share
so the moment he said share I was so
smiling but inside my head everything
was falling apart like share you know
what you sure here a big watermelon you
share our pizza ok don't even remind me
about the pizza here's something you
don't share you can share a KFC meal if
I wanted to share I would have asked to
get a KFC bucket but no one meal to
share anything is you know
but I'm already pregnant I'm already
sharing my food with this little one in
there especially because cash seed are
so stingy when it comes to their fries
there is no austin fries there's only I
didn't guess I completely have sattim
and I got really mad for KFC which I
actually think is a legitimate reason to
be mad we like to share the KFC meal so
I dare you to find someone for me and
bring that person to me he almost had a
third strike moment at lunch today with
a Maggie Mae's fur burger I'm speaking
of Maggie Mae's like it's like boost in
there and hundred too low because my
belly was so big I couldn't fit in the
booth and they have to put me in special
seating to top it off I could see that
Tim wanted to ask to share the burger
you know like when you're married you
can I sort of telepathically communicate
cells holding my menu and I was just
like I did enjoy a lovely burger myself
because I've been hungry all the time
I've also also been angry all the time
hangry in this pregnancy I have zero
self-control when it comes to my eating
in fact I have such little self-control
it explains why I'm pregnant
