hello everybody its Bob welcome to my 38
week pregnancy flow I got a little
emotional filming my 36 weeks bump date
because I didn't know if there would be
another one so I'm super happy to be
able to sit here today to fill the month
at our pump date for you all although I
know for some of you guys you really
want a lid to be here would that be said
I'm pretty sure that this is going to be
my last update we shall see if we go
over 40 weeks today I am 38 weeks
pregnant and Alisha yesterday I had my
hospital appointment and I thought we
need to share of you guys the doctor
actually had to measure a list of make
quite a few times just to be sure but
according to my doctor she does have
quite a big belly ultrasound was
yesterday and she was 37 weeks and 60
and she was estimated to be 7 pounds
when I'm so I helped me wait really cool
10 years last month I was telling you
guys but I was diagnosed with
polyhydramnios where it means that I've
got an abnormal amount of fluid
stranding the baby and that's why it's
so painful for me the reason why I've
been getting too many like sympathy
fares it started off as people just talk
is not lovely looking at my bump and
then when I go humongous you can just
see that like Duke up could much pity
but yeah I remember saying to my
constantly like I really feel like my
bump looks smaller these days and I'm
proven right because yesterday in the
doctor's appointment to my surprise my
only other fluid level things have gone
gone and that's really great news
because I was really hoping for a wee
back this time if you guys don't know
what fever is stands for vaginal birth
after cesarean when you've got
polyhydramnios there are a little bit of
concerns when I come to the vaginal
birth I was at a risk of cord prolapse
hemorrhage and something else but it
doesn't matter either way because I
finally got the green light to attempt
vaginal birth you guys know that for my
first birth it has so so many
intervention even though I seek a more
safely there was just so much that could
have been avoided my symptoms I really
feel like Britta past week
this baby has really been throwing
tonight off guard in my club videos I
will tell you guys that I would get
really really frequent rocks and text
contraction from around 4:00 a.m. all
the way till about 8:00 or 9:00 like I
said they're not people but enough to
keep me up but you know for it happened
every few minutes yes speak to my
midwife about it and since I'm over 37
weeks they're not concerned at all it's
just my body prepping for it and she
reminded me that even though sometimes
that they can call false contractions
it's doing something to my cervix
especially lately whenever I'm having
the Braxton Hicks contractions like I
feel all over my front I feel it in my
back even feel in my butt
but I also feel it in this cervix area
so I feel like it's doing something I
can't really pinpoint or explain what
it's doing but the sensation I can feel
it in my lady parts so another thing is
pressure I'm feeling so so much pressure
when I stand up as I go I always have
this bearing giant feeling of this
pressure a veteran tense when I need to
pee and it makes sense because like the
baby is using my bladder as a pillow
right now and just in the toilet all the
time these days I find myself just
sitting on the toilet
I'm just staying there because I I just
tell myself with a point getting out
because I'm going to be back in the
toilet like five minutes later and I
just want to waste toilet roll order
water by flushing all the time I know at
this time it's best for me to do as much
walking as possible to trigger the labor
really to try even just walking the dogs
around my block but even just by walking
for about 15 minutes
I find myself completely bedridden for
days or during labor I know you have to
get into different positions and stuff
and because my mobility is more limited
I was worried it would affect my labor
because I told him whenever I'm laying
on my side my body completely locks up
and I end up being in so much pain
afterward but then I reassured me and
say don't worry we will find a position
so even though this time around in my
pregnancy I
has been able to exercise the way I want
it for my first pregnancy I've been
using a gym ball I'm just blanking on it
whenever I'm sitting I would try my best
to fit on the gym ball and fit just so
I'm working on my core working on my
pelvic floor in general it's just so
much better for me whenever I'm sitting
on a chair or in the bed not I know
later when I stand up I'm going to be
paying for it speaking of inducing my
labor
I've been eating up my pineapple because
I'm told that there's some type of
enzyme that could help trigger labor and
I have been drinking raspberry leaf tea
and I'm told when you drink rub really
see at work sure uterine muscles submit
pushing more effective what that means
that I know there's no like particular
scientific purse but you know what have
some friends swear by it and it doesn't
hurt for me to try regarding baby's
position last time I was talking to you
guys I mentioned that she was head
dyeing which is good but she was
superior which meant that her her arms
and legs are right this way said that
when your baby is in a posterior
position labor is supposed to be longer
more painful so lately I've been on all
fours just rocking around trying to do
these exercises just hoping to turn her
more and the good news is right now
she's on her side so we're kind of
getting there so don't know if she's
going to turn all the way this might be
a little TMI but lately I feel like I've
got so much more nucleus like I'm not
sick or anything but I do feel like I've
got more movies on my news usually that
correlates to mucus in other parts of
your body you're pregnant is quite the
norm for you to check your pump teeth
more often just to see you know if
you're bleeding or you know if your
discharge looks a bit normal you know
I've been keeping an eye to see if I'm
losing my mucus plug I know some lovely
I have noticed that my discharge and
space seems to be a lot thicker
whatever reason I totally have been one
chief I would find myself maybe because
I'm woken up each night by the
contractions I am starving at 4 a.m. and
it wouldn't matter if I have my dinner
at 6 or you know I have my dinner really
late a nine early art in the morning I'm
hungry to a point where IRAs work when
drugs
just stuffing my face I don't know if
it's like a late pregnancy thing but I'm
just finding myself like hungry all the
time you know what to be careful because
I know I'm definitely getting rounder
which brings me to my current weight and
we shall find out this way myself
Mistura call me town you guys back then
when I was pregnant with Isaac at 38
weeks I was 61 or 62 kilograms and I
just weighed myself just there and at 38
weeks
I am chrony six kilogram so it means
that I at least a good four kilograms
heavier dis time rind when I look in the
mirror is so much obvious that this
timer I'm so much grinder that my face
is so rind my arms just looks so much
more swollen I don't actually really
have a waist this time right so I've
also been shopping for post-pregnancy as
well so fun because as you guys know
I've just been like a little bored of
wearing these maternity clothes even
though I've been buying looser fitting
clothes I tried to put on like a shirt
and like I swear when I put it on like a
salt here you guys have been aware of
this but lately I have just been very
very very backed up where does the
reason I stopped taking prenatal
vitamins for the past few days because I
really felt like it was just messing me
up because like I said I'm eating so
much more deeply because my appetite is
on fire I'm always hungry and yet things
are just going in and nothing is coming
out and what really sucks is I don't
even feel the urge to go I just down the
water I eat so much fruit and still you
know I can go and I think maybe because
I've been on bed rest and just laying
there and there's not much movement I'm
no choice but to and put away the
prenatal vitamins for Noy because you
know feel emotionally I'm not so much
more peace I read this book back then
when I was pregnant
Isaac and I've been reading it again and
it's just been so empowering and what
it's taught me is that you know when
you're feeling the pain and contractions
don't look at it as
to get it as power and each time you
have a contraction of stronger than the
other see it as a rush and it's one step
closer to ending your baby when I speak
to people I didn't want to be nice I
want to be respectful but sometimes you
know they really need to tell me they're
perfect experiences and I know is that a
good intention or people are just more
likely to talk about experiences when
there's more negative kinda how to get
your stage where I have to politely
softened because I just don't want their
fears to be projected on mind especially
because hey we're all different
so of course our experiences are going
to be different Notah when you're
fearful I can close up your body and
affect the process of really but so I've
just been replacing to these feelings of
fear with love for my child instead
sounds crazy but I kind of look forward
to having a baby I'm just experiencing
it all because I know it's going to be
such an empowering feeling so I told him
that his job in the hospital is to keep
cracking jokes making me laugh keeping
that Monsieur calm so I release lots of
oxytocin which is supposed to help
labour progress better and I really hope
that this experience that we're going to
go through together in hospital will
bring us even closer together and
something that we can really treasure
super creatine I know that she's going
to be here any day not in fact our
hospital bikes are already net cars so
when she's ready we're ready as well
know what this time a lot of women start
to get really anxious about the birth of
our after brewer from all stuff but I
just I just feel really calm I feel
really good I feel really really at
peace I think that's everything guys and
the only thing that's left is to show
you guys a belly shot as you can see
from two weeks ago
my baby bald bones look not much
different I did mentioned that it feels
like lately it's a bit smaller but that
being said she has gained over two times
in a month so she's been putting on
about half a pint every week so if she's
seven point someone on I if she reaches
forty lakeshore power
eight points which is a healthy weight
left front okay or could be because I'm
wearing black so it's hurting more since
this is our last pregnancy bump date
once again I want to thank you all I
know for the past nine months it seems
like all I've ever talked about is baby
baby baby also patient hemorrhoids and
all things on glamorous and you guys
have been nothing but very understanding
and like I said my last vlog I just kind
of asked for a better bunch for my
Bubbe's family I always say this but I
think an email like man they're lucky
kids with the best of different uncles
over in the world so thank you guys so
much for inspiring me not only just to
be a better person but a better mum
thank you so much for watching guys and
I shall see you soon bye everyone
