hi nice in the topic
we get buggy one first
mmm talk about high anything looking at
clues came across this shirt sounds like
this comfy I like boys with big bongs
he's gonna buy the shirt fiercely
essentially says stress and cigarettes
bombs grass is that you're breathing the
breath down all the way pops baby in the
white field vagina
breast under I am practicing my apt
rather than actually you know really go
more of a gentle method to breathe the
radio
hello that being said as someone really
do need to push a triggering contraction
what's also known as a Darth Vader
breath because it sounds like a high
earnings important to keep my muscles
relax your shoulders dawn
Oh
I realize it's graduation night where a
lot of students are celebrating
graduating was very linguini so we're
here in a place called Alitalia you
remember what it felt like to graduate
after graduating high school and all
unifying after you me and my bones are
walking it all not slipping up my
mushroomy when they're bothered it's
like yeah oh ma petite very fine to be
completely honest when I was at the
watch Baywatch keyword so he was an
Austrian I think doing it safely
maybe house
we they want to watch parts of the
Academy's approval cards of the car room
I used to like accidentally stay current
on the pirated and so many whatever
after 2013 actually getting really
chubby
there are we home what did you think of
the movie I like but I like watching
pirates
it's either tires or transformers so
which would you rather watch I would
rather watch pirates because
transformers is like a two-hour advert
it's actually been a while since Tim and
I were able to boys we want that to
watch Martin develop a mother I know I'm
in like oh I feel like half an usually
we watched movies while Isaac but they
care but today Isaac a staying with his
parents and a with a little treat so we
can have or like I guess final date or
Laguz here last french toast I know I do
but not as much as a roast but he loves
normal butter toes he also loves
cornflakes I wonder what it takes yeah
lost my group are you ready to get your
hair cut I think are you getting your
hair cut so much to cut their finger
like literally like in some quarters or
changing the do you use you pod to cut
hair
okay watch TV please doesn't hurt Isaac
can't move you can't move
you good boy all right nice isn't it
we have originality mobile Manor I
literally cut for not even ten seconds
I'm gonna cut my finger off the most
important part is being cut right noise
this makes a great a child haircut no
one cares about the box clicks off with
the fringe she pretend she does what she
did what she radiant water water okay
let me clean your face now okay look
over here over here in your sweetie
my mother-in-law jamia batch of garlic
and ginger just easier to cook Chinese
dish and like we just noticed a
container that she put it into year 1996
this container is over 20 years I don't
know if I'm just being weird guys
actually mrs. Bobby botched bowl cut
I am waiting for you come on mo you know
oh I said little brush I have this
cooling mask on my face and hopefully it
will cut me down a little bit I may have
broken up with the wrong side of the bed
or a Lisa seems like it because it seems
like I've got this big you know it's all
sign across my forehead I don't know why
but I've been slamming cupboard doors
yeah Tim sent me upstairs to get some
rest
not reality in a bit scared to be
replied mm you know what I think I mean
I'm just hungry
Nick is 100% better anyway yep the lorry
to defeat Isis Alton tell me this guy
doesn't like bacon or pizza or ice cream
weirdo
