I am going to be baking cookies today
there's a recipe that my brother and
well gave me and so good it tastes like
the Mille cookies we shall be making
that today beautiful day we have post
I'm a cedar well Prince that I got from
me calm actually brought to you here is
one of them it's still in the bubble
wrap the copper and green print with a
black frame I figure it all go nice for
the living room and really because it
was on sale for breakfast day I'm just
going to make a abakada movie honestly
guys pregnancy constipation is no joke
be better if even made me feel like crap
you know but the thing is I could go on
for days these days I don't feel pain
from I feel normal feel urge to go
really knowing cos leading up to I was
like trying to move as much fiber as
possible and like just you're getting
gallons of water and it wasn't doing
anything you know you're desperate when
when you try to not poison yourself so
can you try to give yourself the run by
like having ice cream and then like
drinking tea mixing hot and cold having
watermelon but nothing nothing after I
stopped taking those prenatal vitamins
for about three days I was able to
cleanse yeah yesterday Wow
I bump Olli it still hurt really sorry
guys my up cows Moo B you need a banana
one bright avocado some almond milk and
over everyone I'm having yogurt because
well you know will obsess this movie
when I was gonna be fed for work I
remember when little acorn with the size
of an avocado annoy she's like the size
of a melon
journey up to you how much you want to
end you even just put half an avocado
it's like you're not such a huge fan of
it but I'm just going to put a whole
avocado in because this is going to be a
breakfast for me but I pour in some
almond milk you need ordinary milk if
you wish but I prefer almond reduce
alone
add about a tablespoon of yogurt okay I
owe
short girl problems i watch the new one
instead mr. Tim Stephanie oh I figured
out something to remind me of your
granny Bub's when you walk only she
walks faster not in a bad way or
anything
thanks a lot bottoms up
so creamy let's make these awesome
cookies that are totally for Isaac
solely and not for me
why else do you think I'm having a
smoothie for breakfast according to this
recipe
112 grams of sugar you will also need
112 grams of butter
I've written microwave for 30 seconds I
are making 12 while I was in the know
well how long on today why are you
insane
why not use Justino I wonder why is an
Apple calls an apple why 2012 what
longer I'm going to do what are you are
getting 12 take forever
what are your skills and go up when you
come is a missile because intense how
did you guess the two drums have you
stopped listening X if your butter is
room temperature you don't need to melt
it on your answer anyway it was 2 3
tablespoons of milk this is here the 3
what is it to be if you're distracting
me and making me confuse what is get was
in turn three I wish this was a gin and
tonic you just kind of go by the flow as
been 2 teaspoons of vanilla extract 140
grams of flour 1 teaspoon of baking
powder and a pinch of salt that's
enormous which like this
because the motor in my house is bigger
than your fucking scooter well you shut
up seriously preheated oven to 175
Celsius don't ask me why it's 75 or not
180 or 170 wish this isn't right
why are you asking so many questions
today percent combine the butter and the
sugar in a bowl and mix until it gets
light and fluffy in the sugar
no you look and then the butter right
there
I'm going to me but we've got this part
right guys remember there's no kid
already going to talk about is important
and sugar peanut butter sugar whoa whoa
whoa
mixer where I'll go around we are going
to be applying the vanilla and the milk
so for definitely extract when you are
just gonna be putting good to keep good
why are you going all force and you need
a life-saving voice when you're picking
shows but yours you sure
excuse me mmm this is me in a better
mood already
why were you know oh maybe a teaspoon
and a half we will compromise like mrh
milk 2 to 3 tablespoons left over to
first one combined so smart and baking
powder in a separate bowl beautiful what
because I want to go start eating it I
love your chopstick technique I just mix
these ingredients together the dry
ingredients combine dry and wet
ingredients using either spatula or your
hands I don't have a spatula
the rice paddle no I don't want a father
come visit your wife
oh no I'm already so you don't want this
day to be too tough it should be like
play-doh I told you guys these
contractions are happening too frequent
these days and the still a little sick
get to sleep with my brother in
Australia two tablespoons in total I
want to go enjoy my how much I just
realize I got chocolate chip Oh totally
get why people eat cookie do I can I do
and you just pretty much press into a
little bowl as a 12 bowl to be exact I
wave you guys can tell this is my first
time making cookies laughs fold or
turning out to be bigger than what
entities flatten to but half an inch
thickness and then he said pick an
eighth of a cup Roger put one side with
sugar okay one my let's put in the oven
a ten-minute anyways I want to show you
this empty stretch mark belly bond I
actually bought it quite early my
pregnancy black and I bought it so early
that I shall e'er didn't really need it
and I only find it like yesterday
I'm knowing I'm 37 wait around might be
too late but it's great because it's
actually been providing me some support
I'm I'll take any support from my belly
herring 80% of women have said it's
helped to prevent stretch marks I don't
know what the whole stretch marks saying
I didn't get any new stretch marks
because I got all of them on my first
pregnancy
so it's kind of like blowing up it
display the bullying all over again and
you guys are interested there is such
thing called a empty stretch mark fund
but you know like I said there's only so
so creams and also could be a lot of
time district genetics vacancies then oh
come on let them go hmm I know that
they're kind of chewy as well Joe good
guy siberian stinks today the gray and
red stain
yes I'll do it
what you wanna do stretching yeah okay
oh yeah I think we can do it isn't
easily handled it okay
move em on that way okay
let me make up my cookie are you good
boy first oh all right break all are you
let mommy cookie is it good
slowly
Hey
