are you going to doctors today because
somebody is a big boy Isaac as you for
us through year vaccinations make an
injection today me a small one so don't
worry boys liquids ready
mummy sponge cake
it's capable it's a day to help your
trousers I need you more packing find we
are here at the airport we're gonna have
a short flight first and then we go on a
longer one someone got a lollipop going
through security and I really nice lady
comes I'm just like hello I'm so sorry
but can I give him a little lollipop
usually I would be a bit more cautious
um about strangers giving him stuff but
she seems so nice and I was so tightly
wrapped that I just thought it'd be okay
we tired are you tired - no people ask
me like how do you fly with your kids so
often and my advices worse comes worse
you won't sleep for the duration of play
it's not going to kill you there's no
point worrying about it because it's not
going to help you just deal with it and
you're there be prepared and that's the
best thing you can do
he's a gentleman getting this little bit
sick loves reading this every flight
anything well swimming that they're not
swimming are they're happy
you see slides and mortar and he thinks
they're having a party
aeroplane having a party no baby there's
smoke in here because she never mind I
smell scare him
yeah yes sure is a party at Heathrow now
getting our food see standard one one
I'm feeding for 2/3 completely help
I own the food I was so hungry my first
proper meal Alek 4:30 p.m. would have
been okay this little girl was feeding
and feeding and feeding so I kept
humming calories making our defeat
probably tired
time for Allah and fight as some keep
seeing him with my little goddaughter
it's like they have a long-distance
relationship and when they see each
other just like
it's in an airplane or by one hour so
far
alright londa just changed AILA's nappy
and change fresh punts for Isaac Tim is
already in the conveyor belt number
thighs he's picking up the luggage check
it guys
it's a Pikachu car it's fully kitted up
I want to get you car I think a big dude
in that car as well all of it back to
the place where of course house like 30
plushies at the box
we're in Hong Kong and a lift on the
little pine say that Isaac you see you
starting to settle in are you gonna
sleep tonight she's just laughing at
everything
take it easy
fortunately for you blue is your color
hi boom boom boom boom boom melon
anywhere bananas grapes
okay she really likes Isis Bruce just
had her left one for a bit but we
noticed that the right one was cutting
through on a day we were flying and I
was so smart to pack in the ibuprofen
just in case and then when we're bored
the security yes you forgot the bag of
liquids
it's like 2:00 on the flight but she
didn't try very much either and there
was another baby on the same flight as
us the baby was crying quite a bit so I
just meant that like hey Liz didn't say
she well either which is okay really you
know I felt really bad for a month the
past 24 hours I think we've just been
running on adrenaline I really see it
wouldn't look at your cute little face
no this is what you call a breakfast in
Hong Kong keep selling his dad to be
careful cuz he's using a scalpel
yes but daddy's a big boy it's okay
Isaac fight fight what is trying bumpkin
what are you doing
whoa girl
the line the cherrywood I need to make
sure let me get hurt
she's been a little bit more trickier
these two days and the reason being
Sheila
she always oh you don't like it I don't
think she likes the pumpkin I didn't
like pumpkin everyone next pumpkin
