yo cozy we're pinky yeah yeah hey good
morning LA I was weird
I usually get quite a lot of proxemics
especially and evening I'm talking like
early hours in the morning and usually
they're fine they're painless one needs
last night's so different was I was
telling you guys that I could get like
Braxton Hicks you know seven or eight in
an hour
last night I was just resting in bed I
was actually sleeping and I hope not by
a contraction and again it wasn't
painful but last night was really
intense I find it hard to breathe rush a
timing in the flow and they're happening
every five minutes sometimes even three
minutes part-time was all for about over
an hour's I was just trying my best to
just get some sleep anyway and I knew
there wasn't in labor but yeah it was
pretty weird
yeah all you need your cough medicine
this little boy has a little call your
call take a catch across from my mask
como la I think you only have one every
six hours we all overall that's not
gonna take it
the fight well six actually sorry just
took a nice nap
you have a nice week yeah okay he woke
up my nose like joining me mommy morning
Jesse you have a check beside guys some
of those parents and you called me
exactly do you want me to bring back
super Niles like yeah there's any soup
bring abhava just to give you guys a
size perspective it's huge
it's absolutely huge all bless I love my
mother-in-law oh thank you I'm getting
disease and a mommy's getting to me
pretty cool I'm getting today oh I
wonder where I see is what I say where
are you oh but I can hear you I don't
know where you are I think are you doing
too bad Oh No are you under the table
are you in the bathroom re behind the
curtain
I have half of energy total time for bed
I went through like a buildin toilet a
new symbol that's do anything missing
he's doing this
what's up everyone I'm just waiting for
Tim and we're going to have a great
lunch I think it currently in daycare
arias logs have been slow again lately
you guys know to drill a stent I was
like this when I was pregnant
Isaac annealing knew my mind I I started
off with me being quite like bummed from
the pain and then it turned to anger and
almost like restoration I think because
I was so fed up just laying and then
even though I really do need the rest
but just when I felt like I was able to
manage the pain because you guys know my
belly groups really low and getting like
heat rashes and my thighs I try to just
in sit there with my legs wide open just
so my belly wouldn't rest on top but
even so I'm getting a lot of rashes all
over my thighs and there's nothing that
I could really do I try to make sure
there's like pieces of fabric that's
between my belly my thighs nothing seems
to work just one of those build up
moments where everything hurts another
dozen heard it she and she's irritated
hasn't been feeling myself lately and
you know I didn't even want people
assisant me because we don't I feel like
even I didn't want to be around myself
but I did make it to 37 weeks a day and
I'm gonna make a promise to myself I'm
gonna stop feeling sorry for myself
because I'm so lucky to have made it to
37 weeks I kind of go back and forth
between wanting to hear right away and
then like you know also cherishing these
days I'm just going to enjoy this time
please no more people I'm going to
really mean it this time releases should
definitely want to be here next month I
think what a mommy say when you clock
what are you doing the little bike is
ready to go in the snow but then bottom
half he's ready to go Beach bottom half
was ready to tackle a snow storm but the
falls
oh it's time we have it's time
lovely so we did it guys
you get first ah okay I couldn't go for
like at least four days today is a lucky
day although it am of a price
I suppose my butthole it hurts so bad
but I feel so much lighter guys listen
yeah Lisa as an opportunity to practice
my gay breathing which is actually
recommended that you practice it when
you're trying to do you know
number two's it's like my butthole is so
stretched or and I hear that last night
at 3m all years huh because that's when
a slice next your ear this Blue Bottle
fly is clearly trolling me I will draw a
long blue bottle to live for six weeks
my bum is still sore today that's what
you know it must have been a lethal one
right giving birth
