you know I told you I was pair aside yes
an armbar each this is where we draw the
line one time only one foot Isaac
one for you
are you massaging my belly or your own
leg and after did everyone
ohh nasally today is mama sunny actually
it's been super super sunny for the past
few days and while has been great and
actually feels pretty good to see the
rain outside although it still feels
pretty hot humid today right now Isaac
isn't daycare so I am just getting ready
to still on my 36th week bump date
speaking of daycare we had a little
incident with Isaac yesterday
Isaac Austin yesterday and then Tim was
like mommy Isaac had an incident when
the moon no what happened I and I
thought maybe he got hurt or something
and turns I went to him went to collect
Isaac from daycare the teachers area
like we have an incident and immediately
just like myself to about oh crap you
know did he get hurt and then I think
can kind of scammed Isaac a little bit
and he said oh I think he looks fine and
then the teachers are like no not an
accident an incident in a nutshell
basically what happened was I think this
someone what it means for us seems nice
work this virus is the default player
who bites people when he gets excited
people
in the moment out like no way
it just started so unlike Isaac he would
never hurt anyone normally yeah he
really dislikes someone and so quite
shocked that he did it and you can just
see because I was at the top two stairs
walking down and Isaac geyser all watery
and he looked really really bad / guilty
not only not a nice thing he did and I
wonder if it's something that he kind of
learned off someone or even if ages are
curious because I've been someone before
when I was younger out of curiosity and
both were eager for what may be raining
swallows yeah hopefully the teachers
disciplined him a little bit and just
told him you know what he did was wrong
to be sure they did which is why he came
from two going you tell you woman
himself and he was just looking at the
floor baby
which I just spent dying I level of them
I just told him like you know fighting
someone is nice he pinky promises that
he do it again I don't think he bit
someone hard but applied as a bite hot
of Micra sweating bills crime is to make
up on actually cook for the past I don't
even know how long I just have a member
nicob just because I'll just pick a
today I am wearing the Makeup Forever HD
foundation the music and the eyebrow
product recommended by my friend Chelsea
and I absolutely know that I don't have
a lot of good experience when it comes
to drugstore our products to be very
honest but the Loreal Pro artists can
use kiss is genius I'm eating it even
the little brushes i normally use my own
brush to say this has been doing a great
job and it's quite good you can tell in
what because even comes with a tiny
little tweezer i'm still using it my
sweet peach palette but just because
it's called sweet peach doesn't mean
like all the colors are peachy i use the
plum colors today to give more of a
stickier look and then for my lips i'm
using em cosmetics lip line in crimson
red I finally figured out what the smell
reminds me of hot chocolate
another product I've actually been
migrating from benefit is the benefit
dandelion twinkle especially is for
strobing and highlighting and it just
gives the skin a beautiful healthy
three-dimensional look you don't I told
you guys I started to shop for
post-pregnancy clothes already because
I'm so sick of where my maternity dress
is going to show you guys some of the
pieces although bear in mind
after I'm done having my baby I know
that I'm still gonna like oh by 5 months
pregnant
it will probably show take me some time
to lose my baby weight so I've been
ordering some looser fitting comfy
clothes wearing one of them already like
all moms have blood shirts just
something I can wear over a tank top
then here I have a loose white crop
shirt inspired by my friend Alice she
were these with kind
baggy cropped writer doesn't look so
good I also have it in a light baby pink
looks really comfy yeah those are from
bershka I also got these little earrings
because for free delivery I needed an
extra like four pounds or something I
like this shirt because of the colors
pink and white like I don't generally
like pink but when I sorta like a baby
pink then I love it
so here I have another one again on this
fitting shirt and then this is sort of
like a pinafore dress so I can easily
just wear like a white top underneath or
I gray talk like this I think I will
like really cute for fall with such a
fresh piece day I far too comfortable I
know it's so unhygenic for me to let my
damo sleep on my pillow but as you can
see just looks so comfortable why didn't
you kick this off another thing which is
totally TMI a lot of my girlfriends have
been telling me to do a is it called
perennial to the massage she performs on
there just a miniature stretchy lycra
for labor because they know hi terrified
I am with a lot of tearing when I tried
to do and I realized that with my belly
in the way
I just couldn't reach and I like get
them to do anything in but this is
sodium I'm just going to go there okay
when it comes to like you know tithing
going there he will help me okay one
time I try to do it myself and I thought
I did a really good job and then I took
a mirror down there and I realized and
is even worse I thought I lost in any
way if you know he'll help me out with
the massage and you're like no babe I'm
sorry I can't do it so yeah I guess in
our marriage this is where we draw the
line honestly what could beat a cup of
tea with Belgian chocolate biscuit the
answer is nothing nothing
ah of course drop the bike actually
really like these wild very skittles
like usually I'm like that when I come
the skittles unless the well Barry would
revoke them communicate I'm gonna heat
it back do you know what would make me
even better
there's no thing I can do that can make
it even better I'm already a top of all
in school actually there's one things
you know I told you I was pair aside
terrified are you crazy
I don't know we're talking a very wobbly
