one big Mammon cut it in half
oh one half for you one half for you Oh
full take a crap namaste namaste in
there afternoon guys we just went out
for a doctor's appointment after we got
some lunch
it's so hot in the UK so when I got a
white or a nice shower wash my hair
I'll beat from the heat so hot now I go
oh we're all lying in the bed defeated
by the heat oh thank goodness for the
dice and fun I want to take the
opportunity to hang Oliver and Yanis and
a surprise parcel from you guys today is
so sweet look at the little headphones I
said worth mommy's card from all over
Hong Kong warm congratulations on your
new baby girls they they buy black ink
in Hong Kong thank you so much guys
these are the cutest headphones ever
here's a pink one and it's got like
little doors on it lemon cut in your
head okay
we have a lease one with a flower on it
and it's got little pearls on it is so
handy because I really think she's going
to be like Isaac were there not quite
have hair so like a lot older
well this one's my favorite is she
crying on it so cute
uh we all just woke up from an amazing
nap it's been very very hot in the UK
which we are very grateful for speaking
out graceful we're also very grateful
for the electric fan all of us were just
laying in bed you know kids like kids
and generally they resist nap for some
reason but then you know when you're not
dolt you do anything for enough time
when it's time for a nap or time to go
to bed I think those suits no no no
overall it's one of those days where
were like let's just let him sleep in
bed it was him selfie first and I was
trying to sleep and I think obviously
didn't want to sleep actually trying to
find little ways to wake me up and how
he would do that is he constantly kiss
my lips when I open my eyes all I see is
it I don't know how high exactly are you
supposed to be mad at a child kissing
you your lips and your cheeks in your
forehead little kisses fall at my belly
just high night and I gently breathe and
for a long time came his lay on my side
and he was caught in my belly and then
all three mama would respond his little
comes and then laugh and giggle and he
would keep patting it very gently just
waiting for her to move more and
eventually he still thought and we all
had an amazing two hour nap but it's
super super cute to see I guess Isaac
bonding with his fetal sister already so
happy because Tim finally cut my
disgusting monkey toenails
they were just getting overly long but
obviously I can't really reach the
customer are you both dogs like I mean
the dogs do that kind of like well y'all
know force but why are you making this
phone call for you call me I'm trying to
like crawl around to get babies or
dishes
apparently posterior and she need to be
on here here plastic on disease what are
you eating Isaac
let me see ah can buddy have a kiss
thank you can chop the other kiss good
boy what happened more have a kiss
almost sad you don't get on walkies mmm
I'm pretty nice you know I can't really
do exercise but I've been told what's
this I should do Tai Chi you go for it
the thing I by the time he is a pioneer
looks easy but there is actually a lot
of resistance so when you go exist
you're not just going like this it's
like 101 half for you one half for you
Oh take a crap namaste namaste in there
Oh up turn turtle thank you for letting
me know
regarding your experience growing up a
lot of you guys are telling me that when
you were little
especially the Asian ones above your
head what you got was a telling often
said and this is what we got did your
mom need to tell you your entire self to
triage absolutely said she knew how we
got sick our parents which is go Ryan
you wear a jacket all doing our thing
nope nope we never got that well ah home
hi there oh oh yeah to make something
different elusive I do remember getting
at this ice that hurt myself my granny
would hit the surface like let's say
this hurt beach you'll go foo for some
reason it made me feel better me Oh
mommy mommy whoa three night I said baby
mommy mommy mommy mommy
love ya buddy God doesn't work hard
this guy has learned how to say mommy
properly you guys remember it was Agee
for ages and then it was healthy for
ages and I he can finally say mommy I
was really growing into Oviedo it's so
cute I can actually have like a proper
conversation he knows exactly what I'm
saying and I know most of what he says
you want to go upstairs and buddy
hi hi good night everyone reciting night
clouds whoa whoa see ya
