hello everybody is fuck welcome to my
36th week funky
I can't even kinda minds of people who
are telling me that this baby is going
to be early so just by the size of me so
this may or may not be our final
pregnancy vlog so I hope this is not the
last one and I hope we have one more to
go
although I kind of go back and forth I'm
sure all ladies in their late pregnancy
can agree that you kind of go back and
forth between just one thing to have
this baby
- oh no I think I can wait and then
going back to oh no I'm so ready at 36
weeks
I think I'm managing the pregnancy a lot
better than I did
uh a week ago there has been a few
slightly teary nice but it's okay
because I'm so happy that I've gotten
this far in fact by the end of the week
I'd be considered early term which means
that if the baby comes
the doctors will even try to do anything
to prevent it you know it's a-okay to
set up the baby isn't considered filter
news all 39 weeks I used to be at 37th
and I they say that those extra two
weeks makes a huge difference over this
case
it would be great if she stays cooked in
there longer so let's look at Maya what
to expect at the sea hi baby three baby
is not as big as in ours cantaloupe and
weighs approximately 16 to 18 to 19
inches long and growth watch so it's
slowed down in coming weeks so that the
baby will fit through the narrow
passageway to the outside I got to see a
midwife a couple days ago and she
confirmed that baby's head is still
dying there she is in superior position
night ideally they say that anterior is
the
position because the baby comfort easier
therefore isn't as painful in Japanese
either strict level and it looks like
this right this is what the baby looks
like in my belly so ideally it should be
the back facing my belly in this case
it's the leg sticking out so I might a
breath just by standing because she is
posterior and her legs and arms are this
way it means that I really really feel
her kicks and her paws and even in a
check-up like the Midwife was like she
is super super active I thought I kicked
a lot turns my Isaac was so calm this
little girl could definitely kick for
the Olympics has definitely got my
strong legs
unfortunately I'm more prone to
something known as black labor which
would imply like a trip to Disneyland
there is a chance that she could still
turn in for labor have you been
following my vlogs
then you'll know that recently I've been
diagnosed with something known as
polyhydramnios there are so many people
out there who think I'm either carrying
twins or this is a big baby but it's not
the case Ella is completely just average
weight the only thing is she is
surrounded by an abnormal amount of food
could be nothing a lot of times it is
nothing so last week as I take a
proposed tolerance test to see if I have
gestational diabetes because women who
have gestational diabetes also tend to
have more fluid which is something the
doctor wanted me to take as a extra
caution even though he was sure that I'd
be okay since Lala wasn't exactly huge
and he was right because I don't have
gestational diabetes really reassuring
for in the town you know a lot of times
it really is nothing a lot of times it's
just all explains why some women have so
much more fluid since I have more fluid
of course I mean my belly is massive and
since my belly group is completely off
the charts you can imagine the
discomfort I've been getting in my
back and my pelvis and in my hips I
really am a walking a queer my life so
because of all our volume of water is
been putting so much pressure on my
joints as I already have quite a bad
case of FPD known as the disturbances
function which causes my joints to be
overly relaxed an unstable for that to
handle such a huge volume of weight has
been slightly difficult when you're
pregnant you'll have this constant urge
to next you'll want to prepare you want
to clean you want to organize but of
course I was so bad
ridden from the pain during that time i
felt quite dying because the weather was
so good and i wanted to be outside
spending time with my husband and Isaac
but I really really do think I needed
that rest because I do feel so much
better but you know I have been taking
it easy and templates been wonderful my
cesarean scar started to burn a lot
lately I was quite scared because I was
scared maybe there's a rupture down
there or my uterus wall is similar
something's a mess the pain is constant
and it should be okay but if it gets
really unbearable then of course up to
the good at hospital birth trauma does
change things a little bit due to my
colleague hydro meal other thing is I
had my 35 week appointment just to talk
about the birth time and we agreed that
I want to try to have a vaginal birth
and if that feels
we'll do a manual induction so because I
hadn't despair in the first time I'm
it's not recommended for me to be any
juice again medically simply because it
could cause uterine rupture that they're
going to use tools sort of like a
balloon and then inflate it hoping to
dilate the cervix this way and if that
doesn't work we'll go for a c-section
and that was applied and then they went
ahead and did the ultra spot and where
they find it out okay
I have abnormal levels of gluts there
are some possibilities and risk for me
to have a vaginal birth I could have
something known as a cord prolapse and I
could hemorrhage quite badly but it's
going to keep monitoring the way
I just see what's the best option for us
I just have to come determines that okay
you know I may have to get a caesarean
in the end and that's okay as long as
the baby comes I'd say except Braxton
Hicks I got breast inject really really
really early especially at nighttime I
find that the Braxton Hicks are most
frequent I would center painful they're
more I think intense is a word and I
could get up to seven or eight in an
hour my appetite has officially turned
back there was a time where I was pretty
good and I just didn't really feel like
eating and I think it's because I just
felt so squished in there since the baby
has obviously drops and meant that I
have so much more space up here even
Timken notice because lately he like
being you know you can eat a lot again
but well that means that I G find that I
am getting under breath a lot easier in
the past three weeks I've gained another
true kilogram so and I'm currently
succeed for kilogram well there are some
to not come back on my boobs my boots
are feeling really tender and sensitive
Whaley wonders because if a gearing up
for like the milk production in there
but it just was feeling very worm I've
been getting like really warm boobie
Bernie Isaac we definitely talked about
Lana everyday to him in fact every night
before he goes to bed he would kiss me
goodnight he would kiss society
goodnight and you will also kiss mama if
you like he definitely knows there's a
little baby in my tummy and he
definitely knows that she is going to
come two days ago on a really hot day
we're all laying in bed and he was just
laying on my side and he was just
patting my belly for the longest time
trying to get us to move and it was
really sweet to see them bonding already
he did it so long waiting for her to
move until he fell asleep and I was like
the sweetest thing ever moments like
this where I really look forward to
seeing them to group together taking
naps together playing together and then
I have been cherishing
moments of Isaac and even more I mean we
always cherish our little toddlers but
since we know that
with our days was as the only child are
just coming shorter and shorter we just
want to cherish every single moment and
you can get this quick because I need to
pee hole does Hank help so it justify
covers my belly but it's really really
really limited belly at 36 weeks
pregnant doesn't completely cover it
my twin looks like a big baby but it's
just lots and lots and lots of food
through the front and then the other
side oh wow Wow quite scary isn't that
you see where my body is and where the
baby is
oh yeah I don't even know how to walk
around with this all the time anything
with my belly is I remember being not
bitter I remember being like why can I
have such a bad case of saggy skin when
my sister did when my friend said and I
bring on jeans and of course jeans from
the factors but then I take a look at my
belly and I see how big it is realizing
how can I not have a side a belly any
woman with a belly that size of course
they're going to get some sogginess to
some degree I'm pretty prepared that
after it is baby beside anus it's gonna
get a lot worse but I know I'm going to
have the most beautiful baby afterwards
ooh and I'll mix up for it
what's really nice this time lined is I
feel hundred percent comfortable but
when I'll kind of eyes especially with
all the changes in my body especially
near the end of my pregnancy I wasn't
that big of a fan up come see me
completely naked a lot of times I would
be covered in a pile at this time ride I
just let it all I nor covering on my
tile what could completely naked my very
hanging light and foods that look like
bull fight
okay and I'm like this is what you did
this is me this is your wife right now
he never looked at me any different or
anything it was just really normal ocean
soil that's not especially and primacy
of course a lot of us are going to feel
insecure from time to time do not worry
about your changing bodies really it's
completely beautiful you're growing a
baby
you've got life inside of you are in
Broadus of life it's really true what to
say
confidence is beauty as long as you have
the confidence becomes rock anything if
this ends up being our final pregnancy
glory Lala I just want to thank you guys
for being here every single part of the
journey with nothing but supportive just
making me feel very reassured and safe
and I know I say this all the time but
seriously I think I'm Allah or the
luckiest kids have so many amazing
aunties and uncles around the world
especially want to thank you guys for
all of your constant prayers
I'm just really thinking about it as a
family and inviting us into your lives
you have no idea how much it means to me
when you say like bubs you're more into
some random person I want to meet you
you feel like family to me yes it just
made it that much easier for me and
there were days where I felt guilty
where I fell in a small I was just so
behind on everything and all you guys
really cared about was my well-being
just telling me to take it easy you guys
understand and I just come up for a
better bunch so thank you so much for
being so amazing and once again it's all
thanks to you guys for making this
experience so effortless for us
thank you so much here comes the
pregnant waterworks once again thank you
so much for watching and I apologize for
all the whining for the past nine plus
the good news is we made it and within
four weeks we're going to meet koala so
please see care guys and I shall see you
soon
