really
you can leave all that using your hands
God of cookery good all season child
sons of everyone what happened but this
is glucose test today
it's a great time to me as I got
gestational diabetes or not because I
have polyhydramnios which basically
means I have too much slips turned into
really they want to do a test to see if
it's because of gestational diabetes
because you're more likely to get
polyhydramnios if you have gestational
diabetes or last name is woody doctor he
dies this is a case because he thinks
that baby is quite a normal weight but
we're doing a test anyway she was
waiting to get a phone call and that
like sperm mass might have to do fast I
wasn't so bad
like I remember in Hong Kong when I talk
to boost his water it was quite
disgusting but this time line it tasted
like a little bit I fasted for longer
than you are you pregnant
are you carrying a human and you're my
little boy who's that who's that is
Danny fat oh are you by I think is um
giving me a special massage where he
uses his toy car to smoosh solution all
over my belly very professional Isaac
and very creative oh oh I think she
liked it your baby
Lola I'm enjoy my refers burger
really
you can even move all that using your
arms your Brooklyn
stuck holding the slob I'll be imprinted
lately I haven't been picking up my
camera it's been chilling in fact being
a slob with my belly hanging out the
other day I had a packet of offices and
I ever truly spread it so my belly my
head off my belly no one's judging me
honey I knew any was judging me and the
fit bedridden took a while for me to get
used to just laying in bed because I'll
be walking around and doing stuff but
I've gotten to the point where like I
feel so tired I have come people others
didn't stand a bit self-conscious
because we've put on a little bit of
weight as well and it you look better
with more on eBay penny our students
everybody skinny lying down except me
today's you want to hear myself up I did
some online shopping yesterday and I
bought some total maternity clothes
grace where one is viola Oh
whoa
look at my belly doesn't make Korea
Bruce you can't make it to our commander
business of aluminum the go legit Turkey
I'm not going to let like okay this
better like my complete complete
it's so great to chat right yeah yeah
yeah it is hot
he hasn't been picking up my camera
again just I guess I just haven't really
been feeling myself I've been told to go
on as much address as possible weather
has been so nice
I feel so wasted staying at home in bed
I want to be right side I'm going to be
doing things I want to walk the dog I
want to clean the house if you don't it
saying if you don't give up your body
will it must just been so incredible
really really glad I money takes care of
Isaac there's like zero for me to worry
about just what I wish all the making
that is a Happy Father's Day
thank you for being heroes original icon
for us to go somewhere nice not much
before but not close here somewhere like
a good hour and a half away I'll feel
kind of like a little mini holiday our
last trip just the three of us go
somewhere go to nature or the main enjoy
a nice meal but then we decided as safer
for mobile stay as close to my hospital
as possible just keep anything happen
with them to have a nice play entity and
enjoy a relaxing day and I'm gonna be
cooking him a breakfast just gonna be a
simple day at home oh oh look at this
day is it mind ice cream no what is it
yeah Oh none ice cream hey I just
realized I forgot to tell you guys and
results from the gestational diabetes
test I didn't get a firm hold okay so
I'll just reach sign for the next day I
called them anyway to see it result
I don't have gestational diabetes a lot
of times you know when it comes to
polyhydramnios can we get something for
daddy
it's a little something to me like you
love me thank you I say thank you llama
its orbit is conferred Roy Wow
whoa oh he needs to look at it first
you're gonna read it first so uh I'm
short of ties yeah you need some
colorful ones it takes a real man to
fool people thank you next time :
okay maybe I'm very predictable ah rings
oh honey
Oh before our names in grease it says ng
on it you love me your eyes were video
way
oh no way yeah you don't miss overall
all right too much driving on the kisser
mm-hmm can i watch yeah the mug Oh what
I do you know it's true DILF is it true
this guy's upset cuz he didn't get any
presents I say it's your birthday in
just another two months and then you'll
get lots of presents but today is
buddy's day
hmm daddy has everything one let me go
to therapy
