I was over at Tim's parents put my back
to the source so I say to mince in and
cut a little bit of it dinner and that's
why we all wake up early in the morning
morning welcome to our day that is
currently clear to Kim and we're just
having breakfast and then I have a
doctor's appointment or behind her why
my belly is growing so far copies on
sale for my dining room Woody's I think
and matches my smoothie I'm going in and
met at the doctor we're going to get
cold huh that baby is approximately five
point three points so far healthy week
not too big not too small I think my
fluid levels is pretty high quality I
roll our holy high drama Leah or my
actually have a lot of food which can be
concerned it could be nothing but I
don't know that it affects the
possibility of me trying
for a vaginal birth this time so we'll
see you like the doctor is he a nice man
oh hey doctor you want to be dr. winkel
no this will be doctor what do you want
to be I do what you want to do legal you
wanna drive a train units German
airplanes and a flying airplane where we
asked not to your older visitor we go
this has speak for fashion giggle so you
will be pleased quickly when he go at it
I call from the doctor's visit from
today's checkup it was to discuss my
birth plan and I talked about it with a
doctor and we decided that I want to try
a feedback vaginal birth after cesarean
and I thought often worked there going
to do a manual induction because I had
an emergency c-section the first time
I'm not allowed to be well technically
induce so they have different methods
using tools I could stimulate that and
if that doesn't work we'll go for it a
c-section which is like that was a plan
man the doctor decided to do a scan on
my belly because I told you guys from my
midwifery visit the growth of my belly
was just off the charts so we wanted to
see if it was because of the food or the
babies almost 35 weeks
the doctor is estimating that baby is
around 5 points and 3 Isis so quite a
normal range so that was good but he was
concerned with the Midas Floyd because I
do have a lot problem about having that
is I mean it could be nothing but it
could be concern actually without a
vaginal birth it increases the chance of
some a pull up accord
I've got increased chances of
hemorrhaging after increase chances of
preterm labor running is that the main
concern is what's the reason for me to
have such enormous pockets of fluid a
few days later I'm going to go back for
a test a glucose test just you know just
be safe just in case I do have
gestational diabetes according to my
doctor since my baby isn't measuring
like oh really Vicki's not too concerned
but let's do it anyway just to be safe
but just means I can
when we decide on a birth plan right now
when he mentioned to me I didn't seem
too worried and then I went home and I
can hold it kind of regret reading it
when I was reading the causes of it
because it was saying stuff like reasons
incompatibility between mother and baby
the baby not having enough red blood
cells and all those other stuff doctor
get to say it could be nothing I did
have a lot of flute with Isaac - first
time right this time right I do have a
lot more food and it really don't
explain why my weight gain has been so
crazy I mean my face is rounder and you
know I think a me a bit more weight my
arms but for me to gain this much weight
adult make sense apply the number and a
skill is so large just because of the
volume of fluid in my belly and they
both explain why my back is so sore it's
putting so much pressure in my pelvic
area and why it's so difficult for me to
breathe because all that water in there
is causing all that pressure I'm gonna
find like a wimp but the agony has has
caused some teary nights for the past
few days come up find the position to be
where there's no pain you know when I'm
standing walking even sitting dying is
people do me time it doesn't feel as
people as when I'm sort of laying doing
a little bit more but it makes me feel
bad because I can't run around wise
again he doesn't quite understand he
feels guilty because I'm just like come
watch TV with mommy but even if it's his
favorite show he gets a bit bored so
instead you know we've been doing some
reading together been a little bit of
trouble but the good news is only five
weeks ago or so and I'm just going to
take it one step at a time
as my bracelet says I want to show you
guys thank you so much then mindful
company they sent in these adorable
bracelets and I love that it felt like a
meaning to really meaningful messages
this one says one step at a time and
here's a braided one as well I'm not
sure what the meaning of this one is I
think is something about joy but I got
to really see I don't even see but they
also increase CIA in the little heart
and a stance for Timothy Issac and Ayla
my favorite people who absolutely love
leave as much as I
of it I have a very special friend I
would like to give this to you even
though I really really really love it I
think she's going to really love this
and um you know we could definitely all
do the reminder to take life one step at
a time
later I know it is four o'clock so I'm
going to be waking up Isaac soon got a
wedding hesitance going to be driving me
unfortunately no one can look after
Isaac so only I'm going are you going to
be a good boy at that day yeah okay he
have not touched my phone in three days
guys I really want to find each and
every one of you for taking your time
out of your busy schedules to be here
he's out of the game guy share with you
no no you don't care
