hi everybody its Bob how are you all not
today and very very excited because I am
going to show you guys my hospital bag I
know I'm doing a video a little early
usually they say to pack your hospital
bag arrived 35 weeks I'm only 31 weeks
but hey there's nothing wrong with being
prepared alright let's say I am excited
I mean as well like I'm packing to go on
a beach holiday it's not like I'm going
to Disneyland I'm going to hospital but
there's something very exciting when it
comes to packing your hospital by for my
first baby I gave birth in Hong Kong
every country has its own restrictions
and Hong Kong I will not allow to pack
my own sleeping clothes I was not
allowed to pack my own underwear
basically I wasn't allowed to bring a
lot of stuff because have their own
regulations you could use their stuff
which isn't necessarily a bad thing
because I guess it means it shouldn't
and more convenient for me I guess when
you're in a unfamiliar place you just
feel so much more comfy ER and relaxed
when you can wear your own navy or your
own concert cry dialogue since this is
my second baby I've also gained more
knowledge on the type of products to
bring this i rhine and what products to
leave at home so for today i will be
showing you guys what's inside my
hospital bag and what's inside my baby
bag i know some youtubers like to make
it separate but just for simplicity wife
i'm just going to have it all in one
video so let's start off with my
hospital diapers now i purchased this
one from Madeline I know you could just
use a ordinary carry-on case but for
some reason I just wanted to have like a
fight for it it's a good size it was
very affordable as well points and I
figured hey we don't have a weekender
buy anyway so this is pretty handy you
know if you ever want to do day trips or
something but I usually cannot send our
bags that are like really heavy and
usually they tend to be the luxuries
designer buys and it makes sense for it
to be heavier because you know you're
paying for the quality but why pay to
have sore shoulders which is the reason
I don't really carry designer handbags
anyway back to the hospital by let's see
what is inside of course we are going to
meet you
have to 90 this time right now I'm
hoping I could get a feedback or
otherwise known as the general birth
after cesarean but it in the end
I need a parent if it means that I have
to stay longer so it doesn't hurt for me
to pack another nighty
and since this time around I hope to be
able to nurse my baby again this always
time did have buttons in it so it means
you can just easily nurse by unbuttoning
so this is just a chequered purple and
pink one nice and comfy kind of looks
like a long shirt here is just a pink
one that's just like a v-neck are you
going more the pajama or an IT girl I
like wearing nightie I don't like
wearing anything up too long when I
lunge to cover I also packed a light
throw because I don't know if it's going
to be chilly in the hospital I want to
bring anything to fluffy because I am
getting birth in July and you know
fluffy ropes can take up a lot of space
as well so this is just something
lightweight below the watercolors and
then it's got like a bit of latley and
the side you're not really good where
sometimes you can look a bit frumpy but
all it takes is a little color for you
feel a little better so in here I have a
nursing bra so when you need to nurse a
just on set and your food is exposed in
such as I I have my underwear black for
obvious reasons because you would have
just given birth that's not only to have
like underwear here I also have the
underwire so I don't know if you guys
have heard of things I think is a
special type of underwear where it's
able to actually absorb to Tom homes for
fall bleeding so of course I won't
really be wearing it on his own because
after you give birth you do bleed quite
a lot so you will meet an eternity pad
but just to be extra safe of course I'm
going to wear the pod over the same
underwear
especially because after birth you're
going to be more any giant maternity pad
then you need to have like food support
pumps you don't want anything that's too
flimsy because your pod will just move
less
Center sometimes in hospitals they give
you this disposable under if some people
find it really comfortable I didn't feel
comfortable because I felt like it was
really used soda pot was moving
everywhere usually at the normal party
she's being hospital for no more than
three days but just in case I packed
five pairs of underwear you know
underwear of course about sanitary pads
these are the nighttime wasn't for their
extra law and I got the wings and then I
also have like the really really giant
ones I have just a profit bag because
you're going to want to put the dirty
pieces of clothing inside the bikes to
step three of the rest of your bike now
I have some bread puffs in here with my
first baby my milk didn't come in until
the third or the fourth date so I might
be home then but just in case I want to
have someone in my buy so every time I
go to hotel my husband always boards the
unit free slippers that it gives I just
figured this time right I'm just going
to bring disposable ones and after I'm
done I can just check that out
air bubbles because when you're giving
birth and after birth you're gonna want
your hair are the way I hear about being
a greasy size so I want to want my hair
are to my face
of course I'm going to have a tile
therefore need to take a shower and then
here is my wash bag and my wash bag I
have a flannel for me to wash my face a
sample cleanser double size toothpaste
travel tip brush as you bacterial gels
because there might be a bit of a
nuisance depending if I get a c-section
or whatever for me to walk through this
means I can easily sterilize my hand and
my bed this is why you take a sample
home rubble towns because they come in
so handy
I have shower gel and shampoo but I
honestly don't know if I'm going to wash
my hair in the hospital one thing I know
for sure is before I go to the hospital
I'm going to shower and wash my hair
have some cheap mouth because after you
give birth you're going to feel like
crap
you just easily just close the curtains
and indulge it in a sheet mop and no one
will have to news why aren't you wearing
pumps
I also have an eye mouth because I
cannot sleep with any sort of light and
as you all know hospitals could get
really fast I have a small little jar
with my moisturizer script in size
travel size eye cream body lotion also a
mini conditioner and sorted here and
then I also have like a small little
makeup bag will not see Gipper's gonna
really want to go home but I just figure
it all just fifty items in America
glasses because I'll most likely want to
wear my glasses instead of my contact
lenses in there because I'm sure my it
will probably be a little dry but still
I got my disposable contact lenses in
there so I have a choice the three items
I really need are bright pencil tip lip
balm and a little bit of customer for
under my eyes only three products you
need that will truly really make a
difference also pasta belly bandage
noise says that you can start wearing
this for eight hours after you gave
birth my friend really really
recommended that this time when I get a
belly band a ton supposedly it helps
your tummy shrink back faster until it's
also supposed to help with your posture
I mean even these it post cesarean not
sure if I'm going to use it right away
after birth but it's in my bag and then
I sit for going home I just passed a
dress because just easy you slip it on
in you're ready to go is one of my
favorite maternity dresses and it's from
H&M so my thumb is a bit on the big side
right now so I can no longer wear it
because it's a little short on me I'm
still going to have a bump after I give
birth but it will be a bit smaller so it
would be a sort anything in here that is
not here yet that I will put in is my
phone charger camera make sure is
charged on maybe an extra battery your
ID your wallet maybe bringing like a
book so that's my hospital like the
boring bike over done with it's a bit
heavy but it's not like I had no
pointless going to be carrying it let's
move on to the fun bags a baby bag
supposedly according to log you guys dis
alibi gets quite popular in Taiwan right
now and I like it because it's not
overly girly and this time right I
really wanted to get a backpack
and they've got plenty of compartment
that you could see it so we can just
shut the bottles and here shove our
drinks in here and it even got like a
coating compartment where you can store
the bottles if I open that up here you
see it just opens up like this so it
means I can easily grab products really
easy
so speaking of grabbing products easy
you just open Sebastian at the back and
you easily grab your stuff even easier I
have water wipe the world furious 80
white 99.9% water quite 1% fruit extract
and Isaac was a newborn
I pretty much in students and cotton pad
as soaked with distilled water we're
probably still going to do that but
water wipe space a lot more handy soda
time right we're gonna need these
because I've heard a lot of great things
about beef white even though they're a
bit more on the pricier side I have a
clown's rolls and bunch like this again
I don't know how long she's gonna be in
hospital for so I rather pack a little
bit more we have some one season here
and I have them in different sizes I
have the combination of newborn 0 to 1
and 0 to 3 just in case because I don't
know how big she will be maybe see it
gradually gets bigger as I feel like
this and this is this hello I mean here
thank you empty season for this again I
have four pieces same two sizes you have
a combination of newborn up to one month
and then you also have 0 to 3 here we
have a little Hedgehog one and then this
one just clean by one we have to try a
plan for this one to be her going home
art suit so cute and I don't need to
pack any mittens or socks because mostly
pieces have to integrate admittin so
they don't scratch your faces and
integrate itself then multum blanket in
here amuses as a blanket Dean uses a
swaddle
I love the Aiden and ice like this
because I really designed that the more
you wash them the softer that they are
what's really special was when Isaac was
younger he uses at nine a m-- a-- is
going to be using this are a little bit
more pricier but definitely worth it
breathable soft fantastic quality also
packed an actual swaddler so I should
say it's shaped like a triangle
so how you would use it is you put the
baby on water park you look up here here
and then just wrap them up like a little
comfy burrito have a Lucas pop whole
movement be introduced appointment for
pretty much anything a business or dry
appearing nipples are chapped for not be
rushes I'm going to be needing a nappy
rash cream lip balm and the nipple bomb
or whatever I might as well just had all
one product and I do love the Lucas
employment so I stocked up this timeline
yes a pack of diapers in here babies
most likely comes expanding up pack to
Muslim squares party they say that
newborn babies don't really need hats
and actually what you worry about is
them overheating and I have my posit so
I don't know maybe I will just type one
pass alright guys so those are two items
for my hospital bag and for Mama's baby
bye
let me know if there's any crucial items
I am missing i or if there's any other
items you recommend me to bring you guys
so much for chillin with us and I shall
talk to you soon bye
