hey what's a mummy face just whipping a
mummy facing a mummies news are you sure
okay little mister it's been a lovely
two hours going through the manuscript
it's taking me longer because I have
been away but it's so exciting just
going through this I'm reading back I
kind of almost forgotten the words I've
written and reading back I just feel so
inspired I have a really really good
feeling about this book regardless if it
does well or not feel so honored that
I'm able to do this many people ask me
what do you think is gonna be a
best-seller
if it ends up being a pet seller I'll be
amazing but you really hope that this
can help inspire lots of people out
there has just been the most fulfilling
project I have ever ever done hello from
Kim's child treatment mousse is getting
ready to have lunch of some girlfriends
here so Gracie as I was combing my hair
with my fingers I thought like what a
few white hairs I don't know is because
of pregnancy symptom or I'm just getting
old girl kind of felt like a bunch like
up here like a good three I could do
three or four and I plucked them all I
and I hear that like you shouldn't
actually look it right because like more
comes oh I don't know breath my daddy
right oh my bad trance couldn't laugh at
me because every time she sees me ik
you've gotten bigger and I'm like shut
off the first 200 although she will
definitely outrun me Evan feeling her
head like really low like in the pelvic
area I'm last night what I did was I put
my legs up I was hoping it would kind of
make her slide back up again but yeah I
think she's just really comfortable with
her head really
down there Oh lightning crotch someone
give this guy an Oscar he think he stuck
but it's like a huge cup are you stuck
Isaac oh no no should we do that it's
like a huge gap guys just like how he
was stuck here five years ago oh just a
shame you're stuck cause look what I
have here okay we're just chilling in
bed oh oh no I think I know what's on
your face
what a punk beauty I really been feeling
like the baby has like really moved load
Chauncey this is my bunk so I got space
in my belly but in the I guess funny
 i dont have space there all the
space right here i can breathe easier
and she's all the way here i feel the
baby's head right here underneath the
bum
lemme see
just something a mummy space get your
own trick singer mommy's new but mom
took Isaac to vote today cuz sports at
Isaac's also have the voting experience
we thought he was just posting a letter
according to the people there Isaac is
the youngest voter anyway I want to
share something that's quite cute I'm
kind of funny to happen last night I was
chilling going serious and my
father-in-law community family word
Isaac cry loudly and distress and well
what happened Chris does not make you
sell or hurt himself we were upstairs we
go at her side this little guy was
crying because grandma took of no I
think come on me have your nose if it
please no come on me have it
yeah okay hey puppy Timnath lion lay
back calmly yes hey hey yes that's the
builders Joey see isn't it yeah I'm
going to be asking him to cut my
toenails a pleasure because they're so
money and long like I can't really reach
it myself you managed to pick up some
stuff for me in Hong Kong which I can
really get here
but what were you guys my new backpack I
love it I have something very similar to
this already but the one I have is so
much bigger if great for traveling by
figured for daily day-to-day basis this
is like the perfect size I think the
Japanese runs it opens up like this I
just happened to put this stuff that Tim
brought back for me inside here these
are just mini travel whites because
sometimes it's just too much effort to
bring a whole packet of baby wipes or
you know I really loved FCR serum so he
brought back another one and it's really
great for like dark spots Oh laughter
you hurt your head oh yeah I'll better
have a question actually you know
growing up whenever I bought myself I
never got the whole can you kiss a
better thing because I remember just
getting shorted at but then when I when
I bump myself or whatever my
grandparents would say this is what you
get from monkeying around and you know
you deserve but they didn't said to be
rude or anything oh but I think my
grandparents were just like really tough
load people so whenever I bumped or
whoever hurt myself actually never had
the guts to tell my boss link because I
was scared of getting turn it up in a
way I like my grandparents kind of made
us all stronger but it would have been
nice to get some empathy as a kid and
something he has guys he's so lucky like
these days kids kind of take advantage
of it so yeah let me know if you got the
whole kiss etcetera thing speaking of
kissing it better yesterday
I was bluffing Isaac and I don't know
what happened he was in the water he sat
down and I think he sat on something I
don't know so he ended up like hurting
his you know Turner we ever bumps it or
you know rubbed against something okay
so then he comes running to me tucking
his peepee
mommy and he wants me to kiss it better
anywhere else I will kiss better but I
just have to explain to him that no no
no no no no Isaac mommy cannot kiss
there better he looks to her as well he
was like proper like pouting like as if
I forsaken two more something bad like
no mommy let me kind of kiss on there
it's not right - yeah that was very very
very awkward anyways I got him
distracted there well I got Tim to bring
me back my NARS sheer glow foundation
for some reason the shade that I wear
which is in Punjab I try to get it here
in the UK pre impress Kristin also
separately bought the pump a bit as well
I don't know why they don't just make it
like that why do you have to charge
extra for a pump he picked up some
cleansing oil for me and it's a DHC one
the valve mascara I love Sarah mascara
they're often this is a to be
alternative gel for the arm and body I'm
just performing purposes after a baby is
born actually that's really it our
friend Phil got a red these little shoes
are so cute little pumps also little
cute pumps
thank you so much bill but really really
excited by this backpack absolutely love
it or your trousers he's just happy his
daddy buck
