the dogs are actually going crazy I know
everybody just making dinner just burped
my head while I was cooking I was
watching some videos on YouTube or the
wink last video and after his video was
then it automatically led to another
video related to talking that he was
talking about I'm gonna wait for a while
mine never officially met him but I do
enjoy watching these videos because I
really feel like you know he really
knows his stuff his video something
along the lines with our youtubers no
longer inspiring quite an interesting
topic and he pretty much as mentions
along the lines of these days videos are
not the way used to be quickly just
saying that few youtubers and particular
beauty gurus are no longer and firing I
really thought about it and I want to
know what you guys think I don't need to
speak from my own experience for myself
and I thought for me mmm is YouTube
becoming less inspiring I don't know
because I also feel like it depends
where you are in your life also very
personal thing for each person is
different for everyone honey field
doesn't mean it's the same for everyone
and I certainly do feel that I guess I
just want to be honest I just feel like
pretty cocky years my content just
hasn't been inspiring
I started off a beauty channel I feel
like my direction has always been more
inner beauty fame so I always enjoyed
experimenting behind that the older that
I'm getting just not as passionate about
beauty of I used to be a mess calm but
not to the degree where I'm absolutely
set and back then I was different when I
was younger video was my world and I
cared a lot about how I look and all
that stuff I wanted to experiment all
this stuff than I and I'm older I know
it works well for me and especially
because
the older that I'm becoming more
comfortable I feel if I look alright
make up just don't feel like urge always
have my hair perfectly done and know a
lot of people are like all YouTube is so
different noise like back in the days I
can completely understand where you're
coming from they need to remember as
much as YouTube just like why it's
nothing as constant nothing is meant to
stay the same and thing is change is
inevitable I'm being really honest
sometimes as you sit down I'm like wow I
used to just have so much more thought
when it comes to my content planning my
videos no la viga is for fairy floss
because it's more personal and it makes
my day but sometimes I do wonder what if
I push myself more what if I tried more
I'm really happy with how things are but
I almost feel like I almost have it too
easy now I have so much respect for
people writing scripts stuff honestly it
really feels like flaws like well I can
I speak for myself with a flogger I have
it easy although I knew like some
vlogging families they upload every day
that must be tough yes I do my car
things are right now and you know I do
like the balance and I hope it's okay
with you guys no longer in my early 20s
I've been doing this YouTube thing for a
long time I'm 30 years old 9 I feel like
a lot of my viewers have so grown up
with me whereas you know like me back
then I would live YouTube and like watch
as much as I can but now we're older we
have more responsibilities that we still
enjoy YouTube it's just that we don't
have as much time to watch it I guess I
don't think I asked inspired because
people aren't inspiring me I think it's
just because I just don't get inspired
as much when it comes to surface beauty
and you know I'm saying so let me know
your thoughts guys Sandra dinner
good morning boss my eyes exceed my
mother-in-law's and thank goodness
because what I was in pain but it was
more of like Oh feeling like intense
Braxton Hicks contractions capacitors
I've been getting them quite close like
a good maybe five to six contractions in
an hour all happen at the same time
especially at night and it goes on for
hours and hours and that's why like I've
been a bit tired up and start the date
but that night is when they get more
intense from 12 to about 5 a.m. that's
when I'm like just like crunching up in
bed really intense I even feel it in my
butt on my butthole
so a lot even 10:00 in the morning and I
have to say butthole I kind of remember
the last time I had a scotch egg healthy
primary school or something so you're
talking like maybe over 20 years ago egg
is a British thing could be wrong
basically it's an egg and then it's got
a pork wrapped around it and I'm fatter
so if I could have opened like this you
can see it looks like cool yeah my
sister and her girlfriend got here last
night and they're gonna be staying with
me over the weekend nice I have my
sister back and missing is Issac and
Shawn evil boyfriends are like best
friends were like playing right now are
you guys best face I've never seen him
play with another guy the way he does in
you talk it's actually quite cute he
actually wants to show April everything
your pedo glasses whoa and all the dim
sum but Isaac did I think what's this
added a feel Hocking lately even I
usually add volcania like 3-4 hours of
sleep and just lately it's like I'm not
even cutting - I just don't want to move
guys I just want to lay here worrying
guys well not morning because this play
afternoon but building morning because
Isaac and I just woke up from our nap
when did nothing everyday with him
because this is really nice hardly they
wish me says because I went to my
Midwife appointment today and my blood
pressure is but on the low side which
explains why I've been feeling a little
dizzy as well which also explains why I
haven't missed
as much guys I'm sorry they've been
taking it easy tim has been away for
about two weeks now and he's back in
about four days time and I am actually
saying a word my mother-in-law's because
that I'm so big I can't drive so my
in-laws have to drive Isaac to dig hair
instead of my mother-in-law coming here
to pick Isaac up to go to daycare and
then pick up to go to here ticker
dystrophy she we stay with her for those
two days ah got a love tropical fruit
juice other than that the doctor supply
melon well my belly growth is off the
charts it kind of shows a little graph a
high your belly group is going and it
should follow like that line so my line
look like this right and the ended up
seem like this is my belly has just been
growing so fast lately the last time
they measured a flu level and I think
normal but because my belly is so big
they're going to scan again to see if
you know baby is big or if I've got too
much glue the end
but
as if training in big hair and since
I've been to Stockholm I decided to come
by 16 and have another mentality
I went there for a little bit just for a
little walk
now I am at home and just reading my
manuscript of the book my goodness guys
what we first I don't hopefully just me
by square that door just moved the dogs
are actually going crazy has to be the
wind because I hear wind chimes I don't
know what you guys put wind chimes the
noise office just creeps me right for
some people they find it soothing or
relaxing is just creep the heck out of
me my question for you guys is what
noises freak you guys out
