do you want to have another brother or
sister nice shower I'm so good
unfortunately working art isn't helping
like my insomnia anymore oh I really
don't know what it is guys I've tried
everything
little while back I went to Holland and
Barrett and I was like oh do you have
anything that can help with insomnia I
was yes come on follow me and then I
thought I'll just mention like I'm
breastfeeding anyways but apparently
because I'm breastfeeding
he cannot suggest anything for me so I
was like what if they I'm not
breastfeeding and he was like what do
you mean I still can't do that since
I've been sick me so lately I've been
getting so many nightmares and last
night's nightmare it sounds so silly by
things because I watched an episode of
the Kardashians last night and I dreamt
that I don't know for whatever reason I
was married and she directed her dad she
and family I lost one of their family
treasures like a snowboard that's passed
on I was terrified because you know
Kardashian's they have cameras
everywhere so I was terrified with them
just looking back the footage and
eventually finding out that it was me
that lost it and for the whole dream I
was
if three days in my night we had a
debate an article online on he the Wynn
Hotel
when I asked you got your input pinions
lip butter it was also very divided
what's your knot
it also had the right to do anything we
send it a NEMA those mean it doesn't
mean confidential he may be prepared to
message system requesting free stuff i
speaking thoughts i know a lot of
diversity a very same thing just from my
point of e i I don't feel like what the
youtuber did was out of the ordinary and
I do see it as her pitching proposal
which really had the right to I guess
say anything but I just feel like you
know
just be nice I didn't know that actually
the hotel has a marketing strategy in
which the way they respond the people is
actually supposed to be quite assholey
if that makes sense vegans and I because
of the ordeal they're not bonding each
youtubers from entering her hotel so I
don't know how serious to her about that
but I still feel like he didn't need to
share the email that's just my thoughts
I was reading some the comments and a
lot of paper like aha youtubers are such
freeloaders they do enjoy a free look
but then there's there's a very fine
line between what then becomes a genuine
review he would have just flogged her
time in the hotel giving the hotel
exposure
I have youtuber friends and wait hold on
I'm talking hood talking where they
wanted to travel and their agents our
monitors would actually contact the
resort to ask would you be interested
and it's not something I've done before
but I've seen it happen the conclusion
of mine is just he could be nice let us
know your thoughts guys one thing like
thank you so much for the tagging guys
may be so happy sometimes instead of
reading a book we listen to an audio
story instead baby hey do you remember
when long I used to move and you can see
it how big was my belly was it this big
this big if you enjoyed that
well me rabbit had twins do you want to
have another brother or sister no this
floor is like a death trap it's every
bit of people of these theatres
have some errands to run and I just
figured why not take him with me picking
up some stuff before we head off I think
needs new punts and fasts and socks I
said he can pick warden book but this is
what he chooses
are you sure Isaac you sure you don't
want to cover those ones with the
cartons on it the mode they have a three
four five time offer so or doing nothing
and then along we're getting this busy
Airport book cause this guy loves
everything to do a plane I press Start
just picked up the last-minute stuff we
need know it's home time then I read the
story works if you wanted to use the
coin to go on a little bus instead so
meet Ellie today
yeah next time you go for the chili you
know watch mommy did it to get
and short girl problems when you have
toddlers highs are my Friday Isaac
because we're not going to be here in
Friday you tell me what day goes after
Tuesday and then what day is after
Wednesday and then what day is after
Thursday but we're not gonna be here
