night mama yeah yeah nah nah nah nah
Isaac's grandmother and I are taking
charge such a nice day today guys some
real okay
he'll help you strawberry boy
sim has been away for my five days now
and honestly Jordan time I surly
depicted my cameras as you can imagine
I'm a little busy
I got each of the post today and these
are called squeezy they're pretty much
storage bags but after you're done you
suck the air out of it so really
compress it it just need to use a less
space that figure is a perfect
opportunity for me changes soared
Isaac's clothes it's just so bittersweet
knowing that he's already grown out of
these clothes already is poking any
warning a few times I'm looking for the
Ayla wearing a much cooler actually is
about him but it comes with a pump on
her uses my turn taps twist it and car
company whatever may come happy over and
will do they'll start to suck the air
out
thank you is shrinking and shrinking
because I'm stuffing all the arrow
otherwise this would hop up so much of
my closet all my sweet and I need to
string a king-sized duvet and looks like
smolensk empty like a 13:12 duvets well
time to shrink these ones ready to start
sucking if 10 were here he'll see just
what shooters so warm today so nice to
get a breathe as you can see how please
enjoy
this is a good arm work Rizzo hell
Baidoa
disgust gray on you guys isn't it I just
had a chance to boys face people from
Hoonah bed it's kind of funny picture
because here's my mum she's holding two
cakes and there's me in the back right I
don't know what happened
I guess I'm happy because I'm about to
have cake and then there's Isaac Oh a
little food hmm
it's been about seven days since Tim
must left so only our 12 days all Tim
comes back I think is curling day care
which meant I had a chance to edit some
videos I'm really sorry at videos and
like so slow this week it's not a
backache and stuff like sitting down in
front my laptop is kind of the last
thing what I do I know you guys
understand and speaking of videos
actually quite you're getting quite a
lot of comments from you guys saying
that for some reason the vlogs haven't
been showing up in your subscription
books and I've been getting quite a lot
of these comments recently and I don't
know maybe there's some kind of glitch
going on I guess I just have no ideas so
definitely please make sure that you're
still subscribed and if you already
don't forget to click on the bell to
make sure you to get the notifications
or Denise logs
why should he dies a product that my
friend recommended to me and it's called
a suction cup basically the other day I
was I playing of Isaac and my mother in
all types and then I caught the
reflection of my legs and against my
mom's patio doors okay surprise because
like I've always had cellulite but I
realized in this pregnancy that just
tell you lay has really really been
gathering up hi my legs so my nature
like a much more deadlier than usual
totally understandable because I have
been gaining a lot of weight I mean even
Isaac has dimples and he's like two
years old here simple - but and it's so
cute
but yeah the cellulite on my legs aren't
as cute as the ones you have
his have a friend who's also pregnant
she's a few weeks further along and uh
she was telling me that she swears by
this suction cup the thing is I've
always known about suction massages but
I didn't know that you can actually get
the suction cups yourself and you sew on
yourself I'm going to show you how to
use it because you have your leg ready
and your suction cup then use any
massage oil you can use olive oil
coconut oil and this contains bio oil as
demonstration piece off your leg you
didn't eat just pinch your cup see it
will get sucked into your leg you just
move it back and forth and solve this
this will help to improve your blood
circulation I'm going to help to unclog
the toxins which is a huge factor when
it comes to cellulite you will start to
see my skin starting to become a bit red
as the blood circulation improves and
increases you can go in circles you can
go up and dine
so I would like to spend by 5 10 minutes
on each leg on the problem areas so
quite a nice affordable and also
effective way to treat the cellulite in
your legs
it hurts a little bit more in your inner
side area as you can as you can guess so
I just do this when I'm watching TV so
if you want it really strong you pinch
it more out but for me I only pinch a
little bit because you want to build
she's most active at night
nah-nah-nah-nah
