hi everyone its Bob welcome to my early
three week pregnancy so believe it or
not we are actually in the last three
times deep love
33 weeks well who only seven more to go
could be less could be more we don't
know I want to say thank you so much for
being part of this amazing journey and
yet again I just wanna say that baby
Lala is so lucky to have these amazing
amazing uncles are in the world time is
just moving so fast especially in this
pregnancy and it's quite seriously
because I really enjoy making these
pregnancy update when you fill in
pregnancy vlogs it's like the only time
you can almost whine but then pop off of
just describing as a pregnancy symptoms
we're so close to the finishing line and
of course we want to meet her but I'm
just going to miss being pregnant I mean
I have friends and some of them
absolutely hate it being pregnant or I
have to leave our son because of the
aches the morning sickness the body
image and securities that come with it
but I can really say that I love being
pregnant so at 33 weeks baby is about
four and a half times baby llama is
currently about the size of a pineapple
and she's filling up nicely so she's
becoming less wrinkly from this point on
she's gonna be gaining about half a
point every week so this is when she
starts to really trouble last time about
the doctor's appointment the doctor told
me that she was already head down and I
already knew I can feel on her head
wedges in my pelvic area a lot of times
when I stand up I just feel this really
heavy sort of like this bearing down
feeling at the stage her immune system
is silly developed for the outside world
and now that there's less I'm eunuch
food in my tummy her kicks are just
feeling so much more sharper I really
really feel like Ella has my Chumbley
legs she's going to have some thighs on
her Stephanie feel she's getting so much
bigger as well because again when you
feel kicks you feel in the certain spots
and why when she moves I feel all over I
feel up here I feel with my size and in
my pelvic area all the same time so
she's growing
there's some dancing inside my tummy
this is not a warning guys the further
you go to your pregnancy the more TMI
symptoms become I have been feeling hot
and flustered again lately and it could
be due to it being summer it's a summer
into spring I really feel I guess
something that's came back is my
overheating these days I've always just
laying there with my belly hanging tight
so you guys already know I sleep sitting
up because of my sore back and my for
pelvic area so I'd be sitting in my bed
ever sprawled across my belly hanging
out and then it'll carry to me how much
I look like a drunk person like sleeping
in the streets I love it I open the
window and when the breeze is against my
belly it just feels amazing and then Tim
would walk past that he'd go there's my
wife know people are saying to me oh
I've got that beautiful pregnancy glow
and I'm just like it's wet I'm sweating
in areas I never used to sweat in like
for example you know the boobs obviously
because the boots are growing I'm
sweating underneath it I'm sweating I'm
doing my belly because my belly will fit
over my thighs to see my arms are
definitely a lot thicker I do know that
I am expanding quite a bit I've gained
over 35 points so but you think about it
things expand in heat so I've expanded
35 times okay so does that mean I hope
too much more active my first pregnancy
but for this pregnancy my aches came so
much more earlier so I couldn't even
work out and I really badly want to and
yet I can't to even mind like I walk I
can feel my thighs rubbing against each
other more that's another symptom of the
feeling is I've been getting really warm
feet especially when I'm trying to sleep
when I'm laying down I can actually feel
my feet like pulsing Pink's because
neither I'm heavier when I'm standing it
just puts more pressure on it so yes
speaking of sleeping I think I probably
get about 3 or 4 hours of solid sleep a
night and that's ok because I really do
feel like it prepped me for the
irregular sleep that I'm going to be
getting soon and I would like to think
that you
no matter how tired you feel right now
it's going to be nothing compared to the
tiredness you're going to feel dealing
with a newborn I still have enough
energy for me to function during the day
and besides I'm like waking up to pee
all the time anyway it feels like I have
a fish tank in my pelvis because I am
just going to toilet all the time like
there's always pee inside me I can pee
any time I'm like one of those toys when
you squeeze and then water just squirts
out I'm using toilet roll if there is no
tomorrow and I feel so bad because as we
saw so much fun rolled I try to rush in
this a1 sheet every time make a point
where I'm like I don't even want to
waste this sheet
I just want to sit here in this pilot
and just chill back pain and pellet pain
is still here last time I remember
telling you that the whole I think it's
actually diminished a little bit but it
did come back in full force I think it
largely depends on the decision of the
baby last lot I briefly mentioned about
my practice and takes on brats antics
are pretty much all contractions or
practice contractions I've been told to
keep an eye on my contractions because
when you have over four and hours I
could be a sign of preterm labor lately
I have been quite emotional not in that
bad way emotional because in general I'm
I'm a pretty grateful person I cherish
the present so much that usually I get
quite afraid of the future so you know
before Isaac was born I was I remember
saying I'm husband like everything is so
perfect right now I'm so scared for the
change and then with Isaac in Our Lives
no I'm like oh everything is so perfect
not I'm scared for it's a change I think
a lot of second third time mothers also
feel this or your baby grows an amorous
virile and kick the more love you feel
for your child but the same time the
more guilt you feel do you know that it
just means that the time you have with
your first child is nearing its end I
guess because of this I've been trying
to do as much stuff with Isaac as
possible in a sort of every moment doing
something with him because I know that
when baby comes I'll be a lot more
occupied you guys have been really
supportive my comments just saying but I
completely understand how you feel but
remember your love doesn't get divided
it just doubles
a lot of ways I feel thankful because
this has been a pretty smooth pregnancy
the only thing is it has been a little
difficult I'm not having him here
because Tim has been away for probably
over a third of this pregnancy like the
first time where he was with me all the
time and he was weeping after me the
time around when he's gone and I have a
toddler to look after and toddlers and
generally just want to go everywhere and
they want you to go with the weapon up
that Martire these days you know even
getting up from a chair seems like a
challenge going up and down the stairs
seems like a total workout picking up
toys from the floor but like I said I'm
just cherishing every single moment of
this cherishing the seven weeks I don't
wish for it to go any faster we look
forward a living here we just want to
enjoy the time that we have a salon or
something
okay because I want to be honest with
you guys I have never really needed
panty liners for the past two weeks I
started to use panty liners because down
there is getting more moist and I don't
need moist in a sweaty way moist in
terms off there's more discharge down
there so before I was changing my
underwear like twice a day we wonder
like am I am i peeing myself and then I
realized oh it actually just discharged
so I did look it up anaphase it's your
body secreting mucus to protect the baby
mmm the last topic the birth to those
who don't know what Isaac I had a
c-section man so this time I really hope
that I should have a Maybach which
stands for vaginal birth after cesarean
recently I watched my birth video with
Isaac and it just reconfirmed everything
for me because when I came to Isaac
I was unnecessarily induced because the
doctors thought Isaac would be huge so
it turns out I just had a lot of fluid
and Isaac ended up being a completely
normal
baby and even still when induced me they
overdosed me and it puts Isaac and I in
distress which meant that he had to be
immediately taken right through an
emergency c-section he ended up being
completely fine and healthy but I I
think back to many aspects of the birth
where one he was alone in the baby unit
and an incubator for four days four or
five days by himself - I was separated
from him the whole time 3 I was
completely drowsy so out of it when he
was born thinking back there were just
so many interventions and the birth
Laramide it was still a successful birth
but you know this my mind it possible I
would love to be clear minded when the
baby is born I can hold her house
skin-to-skin because with Isaac
they actually held the baby next to my
head for about five seconds and then he
was taken away and I didn't even get to
see him - like the whole day afterwards
and I was only for a few minutes usual
people and they can be very judgmental
against mothers who have c-sections
because I think oh you know you have it
the easy way and it's not always like
that
during the time on how my c-section it
was fine the weeks after recovering from
it wasn't really honestly feel like I
would rather have a day 2 or 3 of pain
versus 6 weeks
covering from a c-section especially if
I'm gonna have a newborn and the toddler
to juggle with he said I never was given
the opportunity to push I'm quite
intrigued I know it sounds crazy but I
kind of look forward to doing it it's
weird but I guess it doesn't really
scare me so much I trust my body and my
body is going to know what to do course
the whole birthing I'm still gonna have
an open mind
because you know my first birth plan
everything went like the window but I do
feel bad things here in a DK is
different from Hong Kong in Hong Kong I
really do feel like the doctors just
want to do things out of their own
convenience so just from my experiencing
the midwives here they care so much they
spend time talking to me
whereas in Hong Kong after about 2
minutes I'm always like rushed out the
door which is understandable because
obviously there's more people in Hong
Kong
all right so nice time to end it off
with a belly shot I just dress my
overall
wearing like lounging shorts come at my
home on it's like to warm outside here
is baby bump at 33 weeks I say this in
every vlogs but I do really feel like in
these past few weeks I only have
definitely been doing a lot of growing
sit up
one side in the front you can see it
kind of flops over I wish you guys can
actually lick my belly because it has
some weight on it question I'm also
getting a lot am I going to be turning
this into a booth this time ride I don't
know guys you guys have the craziest
stuff yeah so far no new stretch marks
only lots of old one and just go Boosh
alright guys so that is my 33 week
update so thank you so much for sitting
down to listen to this pregnant lady
talk I hope you have an amazing day and
I shall see you soon bye I don't even
need to turn to book I feel like it
looks like a boob already on its own
