I just did the I would say in the top
five turns in 10 days off it's going to
be Isaac and I for the next be plugs if
that's okay or if they're going to be a
little slow I know you guys will
understand washer wash I just did the I
would say in the top five parents and
ultimate parents in Isaac's print has
been getting quite long and I figured
cut hard to be to trim it
the good news is he doesn't seem to care
the bodies is when these older a my
favorite ensel oh no yeah you're
laughing my nose oh gosh
Isaac I think promise me when you're
older you like that you can find my seat
again right when you're older you can't
hold this against mommy yeah yeah should
we shake our hands on it a shaker hunt
binding agreement oh gosh why did I do
rotation scissors wise just remember son
it's all about your insight
you're as beautiful as you feel and most
importantly Isaac hair grows
haha part of it monster it's for his own
good guys it was percolating into his
eyes really all part of the lesson mommy
want to tell you that sometimes life is
unfair things will go wrong and it
doesn't kill you it only makes you
stronger you're still kicking me
Thanks so creepy maybe I'm being a
little biased but I think his hair
actually looks really cute like this is
raining all wet outside
yes I've got some color mine lotion on
because I'm sorry to get some rashes
especially the lower belly high it just
sits on top of my legs it can get really
hot and I think I'm developing like a
really itchy heat rush be totally
craving like really cool prints so
lately here I have a banana some
strawberries some yogurt so if you guys
have any good smoothie recipes please
let me know we're doing a bit of
shopping while snacking on some banana
chips like that good
I did a patient you know the beatings I
think I'm starting to get the rashes
again as I always do I had trouble
sleeping last night because it just got
so itchy I mean I can rub a mirror
oh yes I see some stuff so in the under
part on mine tell me now I'm starting to
get rashes soon but hopefully it will
end up like what I had last time
good evening everyone I'm Emily 9:30
p.m. such a beautiful day I could
actually still here - birds chirping
away I just uploaded a nice log and the
vlog about baking with mommy there's
actually quite a few comments where you
guys are saying bubs
Isaac look so well-behaved he looks
gentle he helps you I can you make a
parenting video just share your advice
and I just want to provide there guys
Isaac how Tuesday's okay think about
this glove eight minutes it's right
across like a few days so I'm really
showing you guys the highlights of those
days luckily Isaac is quite a gentle
child
he's my serene kid but a nutshell works
definitely not perfect parents I'm sure
there's a lot of areas that we lack in
it's just we do like to focus on it too
much and we focus on what to do what we
can do I guess how are we preparing them
we spend as much time with them as
possible when people were like psycho
he's not talking yet Bob aren't you
worried speech thing has never ever
really been that important Isaac knowing
his shapes colors also that numbers to
me all of that isn't as important as
Isaac learning to manners and learning
to be empathetic so I think stuff like
this you really have to teach in from a
young age and of course how you are the
person because you can tell them that
you need to be kind to do this but if
your child watches you and you're saying
on kind thing
really contradicting yourself you might
think all oh she's a kid other tree
little to understand doesn't matter hard
little they are we so make sure that we
explain everything to him because we
really wants him to be an epithet ik
person especially for Isaac's
grandmother to tell Isaac a lot of
things like oh when you take off your
shoes you need to put your shoes away
whenever you're done playing with your
toys you need to tidy up this is
something that I cannot take credit for
it is to something the eyes because
large Dante's grandmother also really
important as you remember every kid is
different you know let's not compare
kids and think oh how can your kids like
this you never really know the full
story you know Isaac can be very very
stubborn Oh be thinking all Isaac's
perfect so cool Indian Tim never lose
their crust and if someone tells you
that oh you know my kids perfect they're
lying they're just hiding it well your
job is to be their parent not there a
best friend your job is a discipline and
then to make sure that they prove to be
a decent person a lot of self entitled
breath so something that I'm trying to
work on myself
Tim and I we have very different ways of
parody I mean we do have the same vision
but maybe we played out differently he
has authority over
Isaac Isaac is generally very well
behaved around him but when Isaac is
with me P tends to be a bit more
emotional I guess because he really
trusts his mom he feels comfortable just
like unleashing all of his emotions I
believe in being stirred but you know I
don't believe in using fear like after a
child even like Tim and I are still
trying to find a balance sometimes Tim
thinks I'm too soft sometimes I think
Tim is too harsh so we kind of just make
up for what each other lack people often
ask me like what are your aspirations
for your children growing up and
honestly I just wanted to include people
I see moms bragging about their kids and
white towns they are they give me this
instrument they you know all the classes
they go too hard great the report cards
are and they props to the child and the
parents but you know I always feel like
it doesn't matter how good you are at
something when things are not good
personally for him to be respected it
if he is a good person himself with
creative Isaac and a land of being
academically smart I'm so cave they're
not I'm top I know the f they grow up to
be good decent people through heart then
they will go to places and I know that
for sure I'm not crazy
you're perfectly perfect to me
