where does she come from
Oh watching him eat meekly so happy I
don't know he just looked so oh yes it
looks like a rainbow you want more they
have to see him eating face he farted
but it was a daddy
Oh was I sick mmm okay I miss the old Oh
when you fart you to say excuse me
he's just singing along right now he's
so cute he's again his hub I
Here I am Here I am how do you do
Billy he just really loves his thing he
asks this thing together like maybe like
eight times a day
see he always comes over big she gets
jealous love for you t so just when I
say my back has been feeling better I
woke up in agony so I'm hoping to take
it back and maybe that will ease up the
pain a little bit is very smart
well they smell good bringing them to my
sister's later we are baking again but
just weird like all starting to make a
cake in every slob but do not fear guys
I make chiffon takes all of these cake
recipes or low sugar thank you got my
happy little helper so starting off
we're just going to turn the two ripe
bananas and c.a.p
first step preheat oven to 160 we're
going to be three egg yolks but poor egg
way so I separated a I'm gonna have 16
grams of sugar you want to mix it till
it's nice and smooth walk let me point a
Malcon also need 35 grams all vegetable
oil will you do meat on earth good pour
in the mashed banana cake base with 80
grams of flour can you help me pour into
this hey you pour into this
please our throat so in this one is a
egg white until bubbles form adding it
into my ball and I'm just going to fold
and every kid like I have banana cake
and it's pretty healthy as well I mean
my ID combined all the sugar there's
only 50 grams so once it's all folded I
can transfer it onto a nonce
hand pump like this are useful
especially the funnel ones because it
allows a cake decline which is great for
making chiffon cakes because you wanted
to be really airy and nice for
chopsticks and just go around it to get
rid of any bubbles this is to get rid of
the bubbles thanks pingu or deter it
currently have 12 at night good in bed
just like inconsolable I just crank it
past second when I say half an hour but
I think it's closer to one hour we just
icing to bed about an hour ago and you
know I just I physically missed him I
missed him so much and already I can't
wait to see him in the morning so Tim
was the one that from the bed and he's
had that which I delay his time I can be
next to me as much as possible so when
Tim was changing his diaper you know he
was holding on my hand and just looking
into my eyes and just broke my heart a
little bit
yep every night I just land and I'm like
I'm so lucky like what a great day we
had bear my we didn't get too much was a
beautiful day sunny weather but I just
didn't really feel like going night
because
my back likewise horror lately not even
worse after dinner because I slipped on
a bed of water which is quite on it
because Tim was trying to wipe something
off the floor but he wiped it with a
really wet Club this is so I slipped on
it I didn't fall but I think I pulled a
muscle
these days I'm feeling a little more and
more inside my belly there's so much
more than her big brother and the more I
feel her little movements more
excitement and anticipation I feel about
meeting her and as each day goes
I feel more love for her but at the same
time I feel more guilt with a very
bittersweet feeling you feel because I
knew that the days of Isaac being our
only child is coming near the end really
thankful for these three years you know
I think back to when he first got here
that took me months until I was able to
bond with him took me a while for me to
enjoy him and remember back then just
you know feeling regret wishing that he
was too shoved up my belly again another
come so far he just completely made our
day so much more brighter waking up
seeing him poison is crippled happy and
deal with and I made perfectly by giving
me the biggest hug and the wettest kiss
tonight he actually said love you mummy
and so cute RTB all ours and Isaac as my
firstborn and he was a one who truly
made me a mother
holy home I hunted I was thinking you
know four to ten months he was made with
old mines I carried him in my tummy we
were never ever apart I'm even not I
realized till the very end like we'll
never be apart because he'll always be a
part of me these days I've been feeling
guilty because I'm so pregnant that you
just getting up from a chair is like
effort so hasn't been able to take a
might side and do all the fun stuff
when Tim go photograph areas and stuff
sym Isis if you want to call and usually
he loves being outside he loves
exploring but you know he has refused
every single time to massage he just
wants to be next to me so he's so sweet
so amazing know that he's already
growing to be such a caring sweet little
boy so we just know he's going to be
such a great big brother it was likely
pregnancy hormones very very emotional
really cherishing the time so he needs
me so much and as he grows older I only
know that you know he's only going to
become more and more independent and
probably need me less so just cherishing
these days so much no matter how old he
gets I think you will always be my baby
I was going today ditching us again are
you trying to sing baa baa black sheep
screaming was today the last one before
business here and it's a long one gonna
miss Betty no I know savings
what's the occasion Lauren are you
shaving for the air own staffers yeah
their shower what's the occasion
oh just coffee showered in three days I
think this is what we think
