hi guys it's us nice been a while since
we did an Oscar video so I asked you
guys to send in your questions and let's
get to ah
using a we'll be as chubby as Isaac hmm
that is the question as it goes a bit on
the chubby side actually Isaac looks
great for you on the chubby side until
my we still don't know why Isaac
expanded so much
Isaac was actually is an inking thanks
percentile when it came to his weight it
means like out of 100 babies you know he
was the only baby that was not weight
remember back then I actually had quite
a lot of comments from people saying
that Oh your baby's overweight he's I'm
healthy I wasn't the case at all I was
told not to worry by the midwives and
doctors and since he was exquisitely
breastfed I had nothing to worry about
it when he started a crown walk at
weight gradually came off with a raffia
chubby if Isaac hmm yeah she'll be
chubby I don't know if she'll be as
chubby it was just quite 18-month a baby
in general but very he'll be chubby
because Tim and I were giant babies we
don't know if she'll have those famous
Mitchell and rolls are you going to
teach your kids haka if you guys don't
know haka is a dialect that my
grandmother speaks and it's actually a
dying dialect actually which is quite
sad more as legal during a generation
award as languages dying I and I've
always also honored to be able to speak
this language despite people looking die
nodded people thinking as ice logger
like at farmers language I'm proud of it
not only can I communicate with my
granny and my granddad I can also
communicate with all the fellows cute
little grannies and grandpas right there
but unfortunately I don't think this is
something were able to teach Isaac just
because he's already learning company
and English right now
as you guys know that's already quite a
lot for him to take currently something
that's called - speech delay I think if
we throw haka and the equation is just
too difficult it's just not even a
language of something his grandparents
to him so it doesn't seem likely as a
mother you have some ambition for your
children or do you feel you will let
them go with the flow and find their own
ways of life you as a mother the hopes
and ambitions I have for them is just
for them to meet decent people just for
them to be kind respectful ambition wise
I just hope that they're not lazy it
would be very different if there were
just plain lazy and didn't try I mean
ever encouraged them to try different
things always talked about all I'll be
so great if an artist can play the
instrument because Tim grew up playing
different instruments and I think a lot
of it is influenced by going to church
and he would see his friends playing the
piano the drums are guitar it influenced
him maybe you know she'll be influenced
through that I think is a very
strong-willed child and he's very
stubborn I would definitely encourage
him to try different things but I would
I would never force it on him I don't
believe we can really force your child
be passionate about something guide him
along the way and we'll support him but
I'm never going to force anything on him
what is Ayla and Isaac's chinese name
Isaac's Chinese name is teal all mmm
is the family surname as Europe is their
birth name and it basically means happy
child for Ayla we're still debating
either and some U or mu do some you
means heart flutter to make your heart
flutter i'll cry sit on some you but
then like i said some traditions all the
children have the same the middle part
of the name so since i z is the log then
it would make sense for Ayla to be
called Cu which also sounds pretty nice
but I'm not sure yet let me know what
you guys prefer an artist wanting to
release your book I'm dying to read it
that makes me so happy thank you so much
I'm getting quite a few comments from
you guys and I'm so glad that you guys
are anticipating the book I actually
just got updates that my publisher it
just refused my manuscript thankfully
they absolutely love it so currently my
is going through the manuscript and just
fixing bits and bobs if all those well
we're going to go straight to the bank
is working at high and look I'm very
excited so from the little things
definitely should be sometime this year
in the past and there's definitely the
top three most like proudest projects
I've ever done it's not maybe even the
top one I want to be humble about it but
I'm hopefully like really part of it I
really really hope that you guys will
enjoy and it would be helpful for you
guys are there rats how do you feel when
you look back at your old comedy and
makeup videos how I feel when I watch my
comedy who's I'm quite shocked by how
crazy I could get when I put on that
mobile wig I don't know something just
happens and it just unleashes my alter
ego
maybe Momo is my alter ego it's a good
feeling because obviously you know I had
lots of fun doing it with friends and
family would my makeup videos is also
very interesting very bittersweet
because back then I was so much younger
just obvious that I was so much more
passionate I feel like back then I was
always looking for new ways to share you
know different hair styles and using
tricks these days but there's like okay
I know what works great for me so I
don't experiment as much as I used to or
at least I feel that I don't have the
time although sometimes I feel like
that's an excuse is really nice looking
back because it's kind of like a time
capsule and like looking back and just
making all wow you know back then I was
so so old I was hoping to do this and I
was kind of looking back and you're like
oh wow you know I'm I'm here and I
admitted this far I progress as a person
this much Christian from Jasmine what
kind of woman are you hoping your
beautiful daughter grows up to be I love
in your meetings but been watching you
since day one I cry to happiness when
you and I spoke through pregnancies all
Jasmine you're so sweet
honestly I just hope she grows up to be
a kind lady like I'm not saying I want
her to be like me if she were to take a
trait from her mother Michael and I hope
that she takes it the trait that I
honestly don't care not I don't care
about people's feelings but I just don't
care what everyone thinks
okay it's not everyone is going to like
you you know you just got to be a good
person yourself okay and also like
polish all the time it's okay to be
scruffy you know we are as beautiful as
you feel papers any updates of my
pencils of promise we're actually
planning to do a field trip for October
but there's an October a line will only
be a few lines rationally delaying that
until January / February so hopefully
next year I will be bringing you guys
with us once again and we're going to go
on a field trip and we're going to visit
the schools that we still we're going to
make the children to community CDM Hut
parties walk right by when people are
staring at you okay with being silly I
always say life is too short to be
serious all the time and you know I can
understand why some people they may feel
a little self-conscious because you know
people are going to be watching I guess
my way of looking at it is the most
they're going to do is just think what
the heck are they doing most are going
to do is probably just judge you in
their mind so what am I afraid of am I
afraid of your judgement or should I be
afraid of a raised eyebrow so I ask
myself that and I'm okay with that and
in general people are going to judge you
either way anyway so you might as well
be happy and do whatever makes you happy
kind of keep you at uni and hi did you
survive it I did okay at uni I said
pretty great but I guess the thing is I
felt quite lonely
during university I didn't have a lot of
friends I could be just me feeling this
way I felt like people were competing
against each other rather than being
friends unfortunately I wasn't really
close to a lot of people in the class i
felt quite alone a lot of the time so i
would just go in and do my thing it
would have been great to have a friend
there was one he was really cool guy but
he was a type that didn't come in the
lot so a lot of times i would be by
myself and i just feel like in general
people were silently competing against
each other they would just look at your
sketchbooks just to get ideas and maybe
even like steal us draw ideas for their
own sketchbooks because i really did
happen i felt quite alone when I was at
uni but luckily I did make a
of amazing friends outside of university
look at me sir of course are the amazing
people I met three me outside of uni on
YouTube YouTube actually helped me
through it because I didn't like what I
was studying but I was too afraid to
quit my course because I was scared of
disappointing my parents I really had to
push myself and I gave myself like five
to ten minutes a day on YouTube and not
just with everything for me back then
still I had to constantly remind myself
oh okay this is not a popularity contest
and in uni to do my thing I'm here to
study
so I guess just like keeping my eyes on
the goal he likes in the end I didn't
end up using my university degree but I
don't regret it because I met so many
wonderful people some of my closest
friends or people I met in university
not in the cosplay event but you know
from the club where's your advice for
all the new moms right there and well
know that this is my second child
I definitely feel so much more calm
remember for my very first I was really
hard on myself and I mean it's totally
understandable because it's your first
time doing this you're really unsure
what's the right way to go you know I
spent all this time reading quite less
books but nothing quite prepares you for
it so the only way to really really
learn is to experience because every
child is different I would just say
don't be so hard on yourself enjoy it
it's quite a big adjustment when you
become a mom and obviously your hormonal
and your your sleep is so irregular me I
was just trying to keep balance of
everything still anxious of stress most
of the time that I couldn't really enjoy
my baby the thing is they're not babies
for long and this is one of the biggest
regrets I have is just not properly
enjoying my son don't be afraid to ask
for help it's okay if your heart is not
immaculate it's fine for a lot of mums
they spend a lot of their time just
feeling guilty you know it feels guilty
when they're with your child I hope
you'll see when they're not with their
child
you like mothers in general they're just
completely riddled with skill all the
time
guilt just completely cripples you don't
be so hard on yourself and try not to
compare it so much their mothers maybe
something one way doesn't mean I'll work
for you spell out a month messaging app
they need a car long they take for Isaac
until he slept longer how long they take
until you know he was lasting more
between speed I remember that just
because your baby's not sleeping well
doesn't mean he's not a good baby and of
course if they could sleep longer they
would first women who are guilty because
they couldn't breastfeed women are
guilty for using formula I have so many
girlfriends who are guilty for going to
work it's okay to show your child that
money works so no moms who were able to
come better mommy's going formula just
because mentally this is one matter no
one way to be a perfect mother but there
are like a million ways to be a good one
hard-code the dilemma of raising your
current wish isn't chasing your dream
and your life spent most of my life
trying to please my mom's expectations
I guess my thought was I've I didn't
please your expectations you wouldn't
love me the same way that was a reason I
was scared to quit uni and no the reason
I studied a course I didn't care about
hey not the one living our life er the
one living your life be complete
someone's expectations forever over me
in the end I have to fly my wings and I
have to explain
it wasn't something she wanted to hear I
guess but I think she realized that just
because I wasn't important for her
doesn't mean it wasn't important for me
and really understand your situation
because I've been there myself for what
it's worth for parents most likely does
care about you and just have a certain
vision of what makes you happy but only
you know what makes you happy have to
learn the hard way and do a big u-turn
so looking back it could have definitely
been avoided from my own experience I
used to chase my mom's approval and what
you find is it's almost kind of like a
curve their never-ending race and it
gets exhausting and it wears and tears
you are do whatever it makes you happy
and hopefully when your parents see that
you're happy now we'll be happy and
because you're happy you'll have better
relationships or other people and you
won't host so much resentment thank you
so much for your questions if you have
any more you can comment or tweet me at
bulbs beauty with hashtag ask books
