currently biting on my bison ball I've
actually replaced my chair I especially
notice how a key I feel after sitting on
a chair for long periods of time like
any chair ever since switching to
advising ball I've noticed just how much
it's helped my age to like people like
quite sexy sitting on Gimbels
you know like rocking it and swinging it
but when you're doing it pregnant it
just just who is very sexy does it even
when I'm just watching TV I just enjoy
on this and when you're bouncing on are
even just balancing you're actually
working your core so it's actually good
for you ladies so high uses is I go back
and forth like this
very attractive I go side to side it's
on my favorites and then I just go in
circles yeah
I said salty hair coconut oil big weed
hot Sun I should just say big belly
we're in a betrayed I feel to speaking
again
oh he's beautiful when I'm at it cool
dying upside dying just keeps the cake
from sinking can keep getting freaked
out lately because supposedly he keeps
thinking of like a song I think the
first one was
despedido and then there was another
song I remember where it was just there
I was just biting on my walk away
mmm-hmm oh my gosh I was just thinking
the same chin haven't even watched Star
Wars before I don't even know why I was
going we're in sync sex sense really
exists in couples some couples are so in
tune or their brains that they begin to
work and sync you can finish editing a
video it's been up at one hour I just
kind of got some air bubbles look how
soft it is if not dense at all why are
you sorry
oh look at ninja where's your head
this is what he's been doing for the
past five minutes feel a cupcake you
like mommy mommy mommy daddy
okay qui that's it my gosh all of it
good hmm thank you
okay I think our batter is done okay
thank you
while I watch your back little one in
this area all started with a base by oh
now he's cooked let's wash up that third
place and the balls on top its disasters
the smash fun twelve tiny and what let
me see
Wow very good Isaac hiding he's so cute
I think I see some water over there do
you see the water over there ah
can you get the water dark some young
guy is it ready yeah I'm back Isaac
weeka whoa
try your cupcake oh yeah that's right
okay
and he for dismiss everybody receive is
nearly pray amen mmm all right you ready
you like it when I apologize about the
lighting beam we heard for this plugin
realized the ISO setting was changed I
know maybe Isaac was right on the camera
with the boys are sleeping so I'm just
catching up on some work these days I
find myself just just wanting to do more
activities with Isaac today's cupcake
recipe we only did today so it wasn't
enough to meet like six in doubt me tell
he has so much fun doing it to them all
with mailing of the ladies yeah are you
playing hard to get
casing ladies already myself pledge
you wanted to keep playing with Abby we
are honoring Axl come again something
fix dispenser I got my I got my dim sum
fixed processor is perimeter
it's a good time was I was trying to
tell someone that about myself
assistance assumption about the torah'
pelvic joints - call SPE and then I told
someone I thought STD hairy mummy
