hi everyone its Bob how are you all so
today I'm gonna be filming a different
type of video to see I figure it is
quite a good opportunity for me to share
my top privacy must-have so I am
currently 31 weeks pregnant with my
second baby for me I love being pregnant
feel like nothing really beats that
feeling of being your own baby inside
you kick
well our pregnancy it also comes with
this parchment work the diaper to date I
will be sharing price and I've made my
pregnancy so much easier maybe some of
you guys are not pregnant maybe you guys
are pregnant maybe some you guys are
just watching because you're curious
either way I hope this video is helpful
let's just chill so I'll be starting off
with some building suggestions when it
comes to maternity wear because as we
all know for some reason maternity
clothes are truly expensive and their
Styles aren't that great as well so for
this reason most of us try to wear our
normal clothes as much as possible and I
even know for a lot of my friends they
just get moisture flow so even after a
pregnancy they can continue to wear it
noise this time Ryan I'm doing things a
little differently so I don't just get
maternity wear if I'm buying it I try to
get maternity and nursing wear that's
combined together and why this is only
if you plan to nurse your baby if you
don't plan to nurse your baby that's
totally fine but I know my son and this
time right I hope to be able to nurse my
daughter just one pot experience I know
just how big of a hassle it is trying to
nurse your child in public so really
help to buy clothes that's catered
towards nursing so when you buy clothes
as maternity and also great for nursing
then I mean I even extend aware of your
maternity clothes chances are after you
give birth it takes time for your uterus
to shrink back and it takes time to live
that way you spend nine months gaining
it so you should expect nine months to
lose it so why are these three dresses
are actually the same I love them so
much that I bought them in different
colors and I like them because dresses
are just so easy technically it's an
arts it you don't have to really worry
about your growing belly so that's one
of them you little special wearing a
dress
well and what happens if he needs a
nurse he would just sort of like pull
the one side and your boob is exposed so
it's pretty easy access if you want to
nurse your child or having a cappuccino
color and then a turquoise and then
maybe here I have a black one which is
also from Amazon again for this one you
know it's cute it's flattering but you
can also easily nurse at the same time
this one is you can open up the panels
like this and your boob is exposed see
when you're pregnant leggings are also
your best friend
next up of course could be something for
our growing bellies because our skin is
going to be stretched I know that being
said it is said that to be honest
whether you have stretch marks or not is
largely influenced by your genetics how
to say with my first pregnancy I apply
creams religiously and I still ended up
with pretty saggy skin and I knew it
would be tacky because my mom had pretty
psyche skin a low shot for tubes this
time right I'm still applying the belly
lotion are barely oil in this case and
has really helped through the itchiness
because when your skin is stretch it can
get really itchy in general the more
hydrated you keep the skin the more you
can keep the itchiness at bay so
December I'm just using bio oil and
maybe because this is my second
pregnancy because my belly has already
been stressed before I don't have any
new stretch marks yet I knew some women
tianyu's oil and poor buy it as if they
have no stretch marks from it at the
same time also here some women who
preferred not to use bio oil who prefers
my favorite natural it's all a personal
choice I'm using by all since the
beginning of my second trimester and
it's been working great for me so for no
new stretch mark you just use it for my
belly
after I'm done to excess I usually apply
it all over my legs and arms because
when you're pregnant your skin can get
pretty dry it's an extra product that
has been very very handy for me or is a
pregnancy support belt don't know a lot
of women who went through privacy
without experiencing back pain this
pregnancy support belt has been quite a
lifesaver
I get pretty bad
backache because I'm so tiny but yet my
bump is so big and at the same time I
also have this previous dysfunction
which means I get excruciating pain
around my pelvic area on also on my
lower back your husband days work I've
just really felt and felt sorry for
myself because you know it's so painful
and your support felt helped me a lot
when I wrapped around your ships it just
makes my pelvic area doesn't feel as
unstable and it just helps my posture at
the same time so when I'm walking around
I just get so much more support it just
helps to really lift up my belly
normally you would wear this underneath
your clothes which is for demonstration
I'm going to wear it over expert support
your belly and then AC pieces will help
you feel more lifted and more supported
walking much better any of you ladies
right there have terrible back pain and
I recommend you guys to try out a
pregnancy support belt next up is
regarding spoon I've always had the most
resilient skin ever put with my first
pregnancy I started to get quite a lot
of sun spots you know freckles are cute
but it's also an immediate indication
that your skin is weakening so if you
don't wear sunscreen already please
please start wearing especially when
you're pregnant because skins defense
just goes so much lower and so much
easier for you to develop signs of aging
preventing is always easier to treating
but at the same time I've been using
serum for my sunspots obviously I want
to be using safe products so this run is
called SV or Camino prance on it's great
for enlightening dark spots and it's
also safe for privacy and I have been
using it and I have been loving it and I
can actually really see my son spots
starting to state already that's up
brahs
when you're pregnant you're your twin
sisters grow some for more than others
might have been okay but some my bras no
longer fit me anymore I can't even stand
a thought up wear anything of underwires
I've been wearing my nursing bras
already so I didn't see a nursing bra
just look like sports bras not like your
traditional clip one one
and I actually prefer these so much more
I do have the one for you just kind of
clipped on but these ones are great like
I said it just looks like a sports bra
it is so comfortable is unreal so after
your baby's born on if you want to nurse
the prototype on your boob is exposed
either way I am loving these bras
during pregnancy as well nursing bras
are the most comfortable things ever
Thank You Lynette for recommending me so
this one is will by departing and this
one has a bit of padding in it because
you know you don't want to show your
innocence you might need me because it
doesn't have like a fastening it might
be like very uncomfortable and difficult
to get on all is not like that at all
not like lycra where it's like really
tight and difficult it's easy to slip on
it's easy to slip off lots of comfort
love this pen next up is a topic of
sleep I really feel like the discomfort
that comes to pregnancy is a preppy for
the newborn because when your Blue Boar
comes your sleep is going to become even
irregular maybe can be tricky when
you're pregnant because you're going to
toilet it constantly all the time and of
course you're quite a key numeration to
your second trimester recommended no
longer sleep on your back or on your
belly instead as recommend you sleep on
your side perfectly on your left so
unless you have a soul mattress and even
if you do have a foam mattress sleeping
on your side actually causes a lot of
tension and pressure on your hips so for
his reasons a lot of ladies like to get
pregnancy pillows so to be honest you
just use an ordinary pillow to cut
between your legs
I remember for my first pregnancy
checkup there was really big giant ones
with a really giant long one which check
out the entire bed and picked my husband
art so this time I'm like I know I don't
need one of those this is a v-shaped Ulu
I got from Ikea for like eight pines
just pump it to your leg
and you hug it so globally just by
having your legs bent comes over pillow
is really help to ease the discomfort in
general use of many Tallulah to me but
for me because I've got symphysis pubis
dysfunction I even felt a sleep on my
side for very long so I have to sleep
sitting up and before I tried to lick
stack as much to lose as possible so I
can sleep upright but it didn't really
help so so I did was actually bought a
wedge cushion on Amazon means instead of
me using like seven pillows I just end
up putting two toes on top of the wedge
ooh yeah it's helped me to CL break so I
want to go to bed I sleep on a
combination of sitting upright and also
to the side I noticed was it's
especially after I'm sitting for long
periods of time that I would take extra
more as because my posture is not good
because your belly is so big when you're
sitting I'll kind of tie myself either
slouching or hunting forward or just
arching my back in a really stressful
way which is not good so instead these
days I've replaced my chair with a bison
bowl there's so much more comfortable
and a lot of times usually before I go
to bed I would do stretches anyway but
when you're sitting with gym ball is so
easy to stretch or your hips and your
pelvic joints I really ask myself why I
didn't need a gym ball and my first
pregnancy but ever since I start using a
gym ball my pains have minimized too
much a lot of times even when it's in
there watching TV I just blanked on it
and that is doing something for me why
would you want to sit in a chair when
you buy Sanibel you don't realize it but
when you're biting your core is working
hard which is great for you Traver your
posture you can easily stretch on the
ball as well you just go side to side
this was also a favorite of mine by the
side a little front on back right up
back big blue circles big circles the
other way round
because usually it looks quite sexy in
women you jimbo but when they're
pregnant lady does it look like funny
aren't you going to get your prenatal
supplements and remember you don't just
take it when you're pregnant you also
take it after when you're fighting as
well because you're going to be needing
the extra nutrients who I used to take
someone home pregnant care but I just I
couldn't handle taking those because it
was just too many of the three toes
under a giant every woman's different
pregnant hair may be extremely
constipated it made me feel so sick of
me and I have to go back to anything but
turn out with something I should when I
was pregnant
Isaac but this one I only take one I get
all the nutrients I'm
and I'm not out constitute all right
leading so these are products that kept
me pain in this pregnancy anything and
also mentioned especially for the first
trimester is dry crackers because during
my first trimester I felt really really
sick a lot of times I will wake up
nauseous and what would happen is
because when you're sleeping technically
you're fasting during this period I
would wake up so dizzy so what I did was
I always had crackers and my bedside
table
I would eat some crackers before I go to
bed and some nights I would actually
wake up just a munch on a cracker - and
that would prevent me from feeling sick
the next day I hope this video was
helpful thank you for chilling with me
and I shall talk to you soon
