Oh Isaac's trying to watch TV but his
daddy's gaming okay sorry
so show morning sunny weather is John I
guess suppose I'll be Cooper to grass
we've had ten days of amazing weather we
had a good run
I also woke up thinking jurisdiction for
earthquake because the whole house was
shaking and then unless there's a window
we forgot that it's actually this
morning people are laying the tarmac in
the driveway you forgot a locked in our
driveway until one o'clock you shouldn't
have a wedding to attend tomorrow
fortunately have to go alone oh I don't
think you mind I want them to have fun
anyway and she's pregnant it's not
unfortunately but his shirt is a bit on
the wrinkly side so I'm just going to
steam it my least favorite or has to be
ironing so do you
which is why I always avoid buying
clothes with fabric that creases I
believe one time I am having hilum guys
on I think it's kind of like the chicken
rice you get in Singapore we are heading
off to my sister's so I thought I'll
make a chocolate chiffon cake yo dude
where's your pants
where's your pants hey no secrets for
you
we're surprised they're on like a minute
it out where are they oh you're just
like your dad
yeah my case didn't sing cool but what
seemed and strawberries I got the past
on my empty they never spin I look and I
yes tim is attending a wedding different
no I said no no no no no no no he keeps
feeding the dogs his breakfast and his
lunch and his dinner and his mangu for
the dogs
I think dog eat dog food people eat
people food no more don't give any more
to the dogs okay because the dogs will
get sick do you want the dogs be sick
no you don't I fix trying to watch TV
but his daddy's gaming he still watch TV
daddy noises okay all right so I think
it's not your office but I really is
feeling you might come me
oh there you are there you want to pull
free
remove for me every time I look at the
camera
you always saw in any me the ball
well nothing readable yeah I was the
ball
yeah see that's not nice
I said tell daddy say that boy oh thank
you baby daddy's multi bringing you to
family Tim it is off the drive Isaac to
daycare also sir yes Inc applause my
words oh lady so we should go a fishing
trip for dinner
I woke up middle the night Melba
ah I'm a beer watching thank you so much
Annie watched my pregnancy plug and I
was saying that oh my goodness I would
do anything for a Terry Schneider so
what does she do she pops by with an
alcohol free parasite urge she's always
so sweet and thoughtful
speaking of Annie and remind me of a
comment that I received needing the key
falls back and somebody's about hey Bob
you nanny has been best friends for over
a decade how do you guys say so close
despite the fact that sometimes you can
lead different paths for example you
know there was a period of time where I
lived in Hong Kong for seven years why I
mean remember what I'm saying there was
a long period or a friendship where I
was like in the other side of the world
special onion high school college and
stuff you see them every day and you
know it's easy and then while a
considable grew up and life just takes
you to different places and everybody
into walking their own path and then
some people ends up moving really far
and some people get really distracted
from children and stuff I understand
that like the older you get sometimes it
seems like your friends are cool can
just seem smaller and smaller
I'd say I don't see my friends as much
as I used to unfortunately but it just
happens to be this way gets of Annie and
the reason that until today were so so
closes we meet what forever like Annie
makes a lot of effort to come see me
because she knows I'm busy so she's
always the one coming over you know
she's always coming over to help babysit
whenever I'm stressed she'll come over
and prep me food she's just the best
person ever and it's just in her typical
nurturing I'm so thankful she could just
ditched me over someone that you know
could relate to her more and she'd a lot
of friends I can relate to her more it
means a lot that you know she wants to
be part of my life and we just try to
hang as much as possible even like you
know I quick lunch you know a lot and we
don't even get up too much you know so
much to just comes over chill for a
little bit in the end of the day it's
all about prioritizing your time taking
the effort spending time and
just being connected you know these days
give like its own then he can't meet up
in person you can use your fill make a
phone call go what's up and nephew any
practice I says about my doctor's
appointment yesterday trying out my hula
cookie contour stick I'm gonna use this
once I'm so far it's actually pretty
good quite like it actually yeah I had a
doctor's appointment yesterday just a
check-up on the baby and baby is
currently approximately three pines and
eight places so all in healthy range
actually and I actually have normal on
my soul food according to the doctor
everything was really big of me because
I'm very small so it's you took like my
bump and put it on like I guess a normal
person who ever it wouldn't look so big
it's just I'm very petite so anything
home you look is giant how to say so far
I really like it and then a question I
start getting asked a lot about my
highlight but every time uses product
it's always intended comments like what
highlight I'm using
it's a makeup forever pro sculpting do
without being I want to use the top one
they have released the highlight where
it's only the highlight part but it's
always sold ice so it's annoying this is
a white a lot of times I'm going to do
to angel effect where I actually go all
around my cheekbones I like this part
looking really fool I find it looks more
useful I didn't know Sun hi some people
I can have more of a sharper sort of
highlight but I kind of like to do the
angel here little effect see there's a
couple weeks ago I got a part-time probe
Michelle thank you so much Michelle and
also to the team from and cosmetic for
this guy's know lately I haven't really
been putting makeup on so I haven't had
a chance to test it so I'm really
excited to testify today
as you can see guys it's packaged so
beautifully singer by Michelle is I've
known Michelle I guess from the very
beginning and she's always been so
hard-working but also so humble Emma was
part of her who grassland educate making
magic wish Thank You Michelle here we
actually have her eyeliners on
her lip clouds rich color pale with
lasting comforting finish I guess when
it comes a liquid lipsticks a lot of
times they can feel quite drying or at
least a little drying so we shall be
testing these these are the colors
beautiful mauve in space as you can see
today I will try a French new tool or
the rules nude
oh this is a rose nude it's very pretty
color just for looking like this liquid
similar but I think for this one I like
to put pink here and this one is the
Rose nude so let's try to resonate today
- exactly feels very light almost sort
of like a whipped cream so far it
doesn't feel drying whoa I like it and
much as my my makeup thank you once
again to Michelle enhancing and of
course you can add more of these I know
when your your hubby is like a bargain
hunters very good runs carrots
professional con wolf for one eighty
four six one does come through thank to
be hundred sixty honey six six why do
people do this when hundreds of musics
just cost two points for one for one
I got sexily six of these Beijing
perfectly when you make even wearing it
thank you
