how do everybody is but how are you all
welcome to my 30 week pregnancy Club
know where to think that I'm like
three-quarters way through this
pregnancy already and getting so close
to the finish line but I felt like
yesterday you know I was just like three
four weeks pregnant and not unlike 38
weeks pregnant so even though when I go
grocery shopping or if I go anywhere
people around me things that's like I'm
about to pop any minute there's still
like good nine ten weeks left
although Tim and I keep thinking that
she's going to come early I don't know
why maybe because she is getting bigger
it just means that even when she moves
her arms or her legs or head like I feel
everything it is getting more crumped I
can just feel every movement like every
little stick at 30 weeks baby is a big
of a butternut-squash I would feel like
butternut squash is quite a name for a
perfect or vegetable it's at a pretty
vegetable this moment she weighs by 3
points I have I've been feeling actually
I've been feeling pretty good this week
I think it's because the weather is been
really nice so it's been like putting me
in a really good mood well that being
said I do really feel like in the past
few weeks she's really dropped for
starters when I stand up I feel a lot of
pressure just like dying bored sort of
like pushing almost as if like the baby
is just falling downwards for the most
part it's just quite uncomfortable I
think around 27th week her head
literally like wedged in my pelvis area
when it's in my hands in my pelvic area
you really feel like a really hard bump
like really really low and I be walking
quite difficult but recently I feel like
she's moved upwards again which meant
that walking has been so much easier
she's really smart every time I put my
hand on my tummy since if she can feel
the warmth of my hand right there she
feels the pressure and she always much
as me but obviously I want him to feel
as I put Timmy can bear almost of it she
can feel the difference between her
mommy and her daddy
cos when Tim puts his hand there like
nothing in my background past week I've
been feeling pretty food the two weeks
prior I've been feeling quite tired a
lot of people say that well as it always
feel that when you carry a girl she
steals your beauty I mean I don't know I
can only say that when I carried Isaac I
felt great this time this pregnancy my
complexion just didn't look great I
looked very gray as a lot of people said
what is that
actually I noticed that I've been
getting like gray and white hairs and
getting a lot of dandruff so I think
it's probably just coincidental
I was a few years younger than and I
didn't have a toddler to take care of
and you know for Ana's pregnancy tan
just happens to have to be out of the
country a lot the word is pregnancy I
just didn't rest the way I did before so
some days I get myself feeling like a
bit jealous for women who are pregnant
for the first time feel like Ella is
doing my beauty but it's most likely
just because of like just different
circumstances might have also been quite
flaky
I'm just getting like really rough
patches all over it looks almost chalky
anything is my wiki every time I go see
it midwife I'm told to just take it easy
I'm told to be careful when it comes to
my weight gain because they don't want
my baby being she's baked because I have
quite a small frame I'm supposed to be
gaining 25 to about 35 points overall in
the pregnancy no I still have like 10
weeks ago I've already gained 35 pounds
I went I gave birth to Isaac or I was
close to giving birth to Isaac
I was 62 children I weighed myself at 28
weeks pregnant and I was already 60
kilograms so bear in mind I just weighed
myself today and I'm still 60 kilograms
so I don't know what my and whit is
going to be in this pregnancy for some
you guys they're like Oh 60 kilograms
that's melting to me to gain 15
kilograms
by gaining a third of your body weight
which which is quite a lot it have been
really nice and you're like buff don't
worry your old belly you're not gaining
the weight the baby's gaining weight but
there's no way to baby 35 points you
hope it made me realize that just
because I'm pregnant doesn't mean I
abuse the pregnancy like this for just
for health reasons for myself after a
baby I've been trying to eat a little
healthier I've been craving pretty good
stuff you know actually I've been
creeping like old crunchy fruit juice
was ice cubes and I hear a lot of people
say that in second pregnancy usually
they do gain more weight and I'm quite
confident that after dis pregnancy like
not that it's like my top priority but
my confident that it will we don't
gradually come up because for my first
pregnancy like I lost most of that
weight in the furry very first week what
we're even trying in fact I don't want
to lose it so fast because I was a
reason why my tummy spikes so quick I
lost the weight so fast my body couldn't
catch it with that lasted and time
that's why it's like so the best way to
prevent your skin from siding is the
lose weight gradually but you know I
couldn't help it that I was losing
weight so fast family members have
brought it up to me at this time right
I really do look a lot more Kaffir
especially in my face a lot of times I
would have like a double chin the cool
thing that's happening lately is because
you know I told you guys I I get pretty
bad since this is clear dysfunction
which is an excruciating pain I get in
my pelvic and my back area and I read
for some women that sometimes it just
family goes away and the third trimester
might hasn't gone away from me I do sell
Philippine but it has definitely
minimized minimize enough that at night
I can sometimes sleep on my side for it
by an hour or two a lot of you guys are
asking what her Chinese name will be not
completely fallen when it comes to a Liz
name but I think this is what we're
gonna go for and at the moment we're
thinking of calling her some you
and it basically means heart flutter but
then in some family name traditions the
children all have the same metal part
for example in my family my sister is
called feeling and I'm called the young
and in April is called Eva and Ricky is
called Vicky and in this case she might
be called beyou but I didn't know see
you or some you I think I like some you
board when their question I'm asked is
what are some of things that I really
look forward to I really look forward to
having soft cheese again I really look
forward to sleeping on my back and
rolling all my belly I really look
forward to a nice cold glass of apple
cider although that might be a while I
just I really want to meet her and I
wonder what she looks like
because what Isaac I predicted that he
would have my eyes and Tim's news I
think came exactly like how I predicted
and it's him a gut feeling I don't
feeling she's gonna be my little twin
eyes it looks like his dad but maybe she
will look like me it's funny because in
dis pregnancy my mom has forbidden him
from doing the tur face the per serie is
because Tim kept pulling that face when
I was pregnant and because I kept
looking at it it ended up being
imprinted on our child Isaac not always
walks around with his two front teeth
biting his bottom lips through yet Tim
Robbins done it very much lately yes
since my belly is really big and it has
dropped and yes a lot of times when I
stand up there is a very obvious wet
patch in my crotch area and it's not
what you think is not pee it's just
sweat because when I sit on the belly
sits over my lap a lot of times when I'm
sitting down
I took my dress in so there's like a
cloth barrier between my belly and my
thighs that's piece of clothing absorbs
a lot of the moisture so when I stand up
a legit looks like I peed myself
no it's kind of pretty belly shot here
is my 30 week baby bump do not be
alarmed and look bigger like this but
actually I
you realize that this folks is huge
could it be possible that this is 35
points
what oh yeah it's all dull there good
the world all belly right here is from
the side you can really see that my
belly has really dropped gone really low
big I don't sense it into just like ooh
like this it's like oh okay
I'm starting to get Braxton Hicks it's
where my belly
totally tends I'm going to get really
hard from this I'd run from the other
side I must figure to honestly get will
way to see it you need three quarters of
the way through only I was like thinking
once again for chilling with me and just
being part of this amazing journey I
will talk to you guys really soon 3/4
3/4 so this much more it doesn't work
like that
