hello everyone its bubs if you've
clicked this video there is a chance
that you may be a little or very
sleep-deprived high five I have been
there too today I'll be sharing a video
on how I got my tooth babies to sleep
through the night
one baby gentle trained from birth and
second baby at a later stage at eight
months time before I begin please bear
in mind that this is just a video of a
mummy - another mummy daddy or you know
parent to be but please understand that
what works for me may or may not work
for you because every child is different
when you become a parents you really
cherish sleep and you realize just how
much you took time for granted before I
begin I'm just going to give you guys a
back story of my babies my son is three
nine but it wasn't until he was by eight
months before he got to really sleep
through it at night and versus Ayla my
daughter who's currently five months she
slept through the night at 7 weeks I'm
gonna start with Ayla and how we got her
to sleep through the night
there are mine thinking Thursday night
is different for everyone
yeah some define eight hours of sleep
easier tonight some is rs5 hours ela
sleeps 11 hours at ago she has even gone
up to like 13 hours with Ayla
it could be because she's our second
baby so therefore because we've done all
before we are more calm and I really
feel like us being calm was boys onto
her and fronts I don't know if this is
true but apparently a lot of the
children in there are sleeping through
the night by two months old and the
reason is they do a technique called
lip pause and it just means that
whenever their baby cries the parent
just stands by for a few minutes
we have newborns they go through many
sleep cycles so by sort of just standing
by for a few minutes it gives them a
chance to learn to self-soothe so this
is pretty much what we did before even
realizing this method we never let it
get to a point where she gets hysterical
because we understand that the first few
months are so crucial for the trust and
bond which is kind of
when her a little bit me joining us for
an i for Isaac my son backed in whenever
he just went bird a little bit I would
run towards him there's nothing wrong
with attending your child me but mommies
and daddies what's an extra five minutes
I truly truly believe that this did so
much for us especially in this case this
is known as a gentle self soothe second
thing that's so important is to get
black eye curtains
something that we didn't do for Isaac
and I really question why like we've
seen the differences of her sleeping in
a nice dark room first is a room that's
a little too bright she's just thought
Martin up as well she'll end up waking
up becoming destructed everything that I
did is I no longer nurse my baby to
sleep of course when she was a newborn
it was just very natural for her to fall
asleep my son Isaac was wasted do all
those things where we either nurse and
sleep or cradled him to sleep and then
he'll wake up middle of night screaming
and of course you would cuz can you
imagine waking up I'm just thinking hey
you know where am i I'm in a totally
different place where's my boob or
where's my milk I mean I was in mommy's
arms just there and suddenly I'm in this
hole for in place of course you'll be
freaked her and that's my baby's cry we
just put her died while she's try see it
was just sort of look around cuz we can
see her in a baby monitor she's just
looking around it's rubbing her eyes
until she falls asleep on a bad day
she'll whimper a little bit but you know
she'll she'll always fall asleep in her
own make sure it's nice and dim I would
tell her for about five ten minutes just
so she gets comfortable in her
environment sing to your baby reach your
baby just relax very important to say to
seem words as well so in my case I would
say Ella Wanaka Sheila which translates
to Ella is time for bed and then I'll
kiss her in the forehead and then I'll
very calmly leave the room all you need
to do is to make sure that they're not
hungry
make sure their diaper has changed the
temperature of the room is right and
then just come
leave her side very important to be
consistent her nighttime routine and her
not routine is pretty similar to st.
edward's on dates were heavy not feeling
great for example and when she's going
through Russian or whatsoever
I will just you know sit next to her
until she falls asleep or sometimes even
broke her to say that is okay as long as
you don't use that as a long-term
solution another thing that's very
important on getting your baby to sleep
well is to know the right tender so you
actually find charts on Google for
example ella is five months old and her
awake window a maximum of two hours
anytime after is too much and she'll
become overtired and I'll be difficult
to put her to sleep
and you can tell when a baby is tired
because their eyes will look a little
red they'll they'll rub it and you could
be talking to your baby but they'll be
staring past you so you can usually tell
so my daughter was very easy because it
was very smooth transition from birth
now let's talk about a slightly older
baby in my case for my son Isaac um my
son Isaac he just had trouble sleeping
and it was not uncommon for him to wake
up to three times during the night I
don't believe there's a right or wrong I
mean it's a very personal decision I
believe every parent knows what's best
for their child our case
Isaac was just struggling to sleep and
at eight months he was sleep deprived
and I was sleep deprived and so I
decided to read a book and it's called
sleep easy solutions and it just worked
really really well for when my son he
just had the very classic textbook
example of a baby who was unable to ease
themselves and bear in mind if you know
the Sleep Train your child there are
some things to remember one they have to
be at least four months and two you have
to be a certain weight it's very similar
to what I did for Ella but of course
with an eight month old it's gonna be
more of a struggle again just making
sure your child is fed ha not be changed
ah temperature is right and many
differences is very likely your child is
going to be upset and Isaac right every
fiber
body was screaming at me to rescue him
not to come for him yet I know that I
did the very same thing for the past
eight months yet still I could see that
he was sleep-deprived he was moody and I
was reflecting on me and the whole
family herself a window first before you
go into the room why they recommend buy
maybe for some it's too much and they'll
go for three I gave myself five minutes
and after five minutes I calmly walk
into the room I smile I don't stay more
than 30 seconds I didn't look them up or
anything and I just come they say Isaac
it's okay to go to that low means unable
see in the morning just become and again
leaving the room and I believe what a
first night at took about 20 minutes
according to the book most babies will
usually be asleep in an hour that very
first night he actually went on for I
think like eight hours which is great it
was so surprising how quick a work
because within five days I was
completely sleep training and ever since
then he's been sleeping eleven hours a
night minimum thing about this technique
is you just have to really stick to your
routine and be consistent because if
you're all over the place it's going to
confuse your baby I understand how it
feels to be heartbroken to hear your
child cry but here I am just speaking
out of my experience that hate my child
is fine there's nothing wrong - mentally
he completely trusts me in general he
just seems so much more confidence so on
the flip side I know mommy's who just
continue to nurse her baby's asleep and
rock them and there's nothing wrong with
that just do whatever you feel is right
for your child but if you've gotten to a
stage where you are really feeling
delirious and you're seeing it affect
your child then this may something that
you can consider annoying Isaac is three
years old and he knows his routine it's
to wash his face brush his teeth
read a storybook and he knows his
bedtime and nada he's three years old
and he's become a little bit fearful of
the darkness so we put in a little
nightlight another thing that we need if
I don't want Isaac was we had this
little ke and it played music and we
would put it on before he sleeps and
basically every time when he's about to
go to bed it will turn it on turn enough
through time when he
Hue's that song he knows it's time to go
to bed it was quite helpful in the sense
that whenever we travel to a different
location a toy there made him feel more
I just made him feel more familiar and
not as foreign to wherever he bows and
helps in the sleep but overall through
time we just ended up removing that toy
so that's pretty much how I got both my
babies asleep through the night or mind
babies do you go through regressions
they go through development milestones
and growth spurts and teething it's
great to have a routine but remember
sometimes it will go out of whack and
it's okay go with the flow you know your
child you know what your child needs in
that moment yeah if they need to be
comforted and hooked go ahead and do
that Ella is currently teething
furiously and covering from her occult
server in a past week she actually
didn't sleep very well and it wasn't
until we came back home from London that
things are going quite normal also a
thing of my sleep is try not to get too
caught up with a bunch of flowers they
get as long as they look healthy and
happy then that's all that matters I
don't like people saying that oh your
baby is a good baby because they say
well all babies are good they could of
course babies want to see for a longer
period of time just gotta be patient and
just wait till whenever they're right
your baby isn't going to be a baby for
long it's crazy high fives a baby grows
in his first year so joy knows really
difficult nights where I was feeling
delirious said I just cherished that
moment up being able to hold my baby to
sleep because they're just gonna grow
bigger and bigger and bigger and then
they'll eventually by themselves they'll
eventually let go of my hand where they
won't need me as much
I was trying us some days maybe cherish
it one day you're gonna look back and
wish to relive that night where you were
delirious of your baby good luck to all
the amazing parents right there keep up
the amazing work and I shall see you
soon
