it has been a lovely morning so far
let's open it up oh no I think it kind
of hurts a little bit and this is
transit but it's okay it smells lovely
oh here I know about Sophie the chew
toys and no idea Sofia also has baby
products organic certified so I am very
intrigued to testify we have the baby
oil smell wonderful
face and body cream and also hair and
body wash we have a smaller one if Isaac
freaked because I found the potty
training hopefully and here oh I know
what this is some more maternity dresses
that I ordered and you want to get
maternity clothes don't in Maternity get
maternity slash nursing clothes if you
plan a nurse because they just get to
wear it longer you know law kind
paternity clothes are great and most
likely you'll still wear it afterwards
but if you want to nurse your baby
outside then it can be a hassle nursing
in a dress so if you get like a nursing
slash maternity dress is still happy
what kind of icy quantity engine could
give you on a nurse just easy access so
here's one in a blue-gray color exactly
the same as I do you like this one so I
wonder what this is something is very
hard moving across here but I'm scared
to like poke it because I don't want to
break her poking she like this part here
morning you should family I argue along
limit everyone watching thank you so
much for your thank you card we had a
blast celebrating Chloe's birthday thank
you so much for inviting us we're just
going through the mail while I catch up
with you guys a little bit gonna be
sitting on a bus today she hasn't been
so well lately
she may have a viral infection or
something cause she's been coughing a
lot so she's little Popeye and see which
is doing theirs Isaac's big money
oh wow it looks real I got some space
money for Isaac's display cuz the guy
likes money it would actually look like
British coins it looks so real I'm about
to be careful this smaller one a UK
France look Alex Rios I'll get it oh I
know what this is it's ordered a little
something for myself last week it would
actually came very fast and it's from
Lisa angel I've just been wanting a
little bar necklace for a while I like
minimalistic jewelry I can keep them
close to my heart forever
oh don't worry guys this is a bleach
free spray I believe a safe for me to
use as well poor granny bug
coughing so loudly and because she's
been home alone and really been taking
care of herself
it is a secure - big boy it's a course
of Samoyed doesn't be making a big mess
when I got here like the floor was just
a mess dirty everywhere but grimy this
is once done laundry wasn't done yeah I
was happy as I am to be here today to
help art like I'm only here for a day
it makes me feel really bad oh but isn't
I say the way I'm going to take her and
going to take her right grocery shopping
my name is Danny kanji well my granny
really wants isn't to be helping to
clean up the heart what she really wants
is to see her grandchild and her great
grandchild devour this
so little it's absolutely the diffuser
family back home feels so good to
picture in a ponytail but it feels even
better taking it off at the end of the
day cannot believe that the absolute the
Oosterhouse because usually she's a very
um she's not the tiniest person so
usually my my mom picks up after her but
my mom has been away I think she had a
nice day is a beautiful day so we took
her to Janelle and got her some cushion
for her back some blankets
then we went grocery shopping Marks &
Spencer so she could buy her bread and
he shot a nice day so hungry mmm so bad
I'm having instant noodles what comes
along great I just have to like eat
something right away
my mother-in-law took Isaac swimming
today I was supposed to go with them as
well but I thought I'll go see
Chronicles instead it's been a great day
dr. Wolk and while I water the plants I
figured I might as well be declare stand
every watching who need to go to a car
wash and for cart well um just like a
fiber but instead you can get your cute
little butt
I'll be a pregnant wife can do it for
you oh my goodness look at your outfit
they're the best but grandmothers can
you turn around for mommy oh did you go
swimming today she goes to me Wow thank
you
this guy just wants to do everything
that I'm doing these day so he has his
own little watering time hi well I
ordered a little something on my cane
today and basically it's a Thomas potty
and before we backed Isaac used it he
did his very first pee got so excited
and proud of himself that he did it
again after his bath
people actually like put batteries in
this but I don't know my don't think is
too necessary to have this talk we shall
see how it goes
hopefully properly potty-trained and
when Tim is back I don't know if he's
ready to be honest but
we'll find out Sakiko really today
anyways here was a really people essence
grannies what's really kids because I'm
like a mini version off and then II he
got in this first burst and I thought
until recently he's been able to play
with it it's actually electric signal
forward backward I'm just going to go
ahead and show you guys what it is just
she captured it's amazing he drives just
like me because if you guys don't know
my very first car was a mini and
coincidentally I reversed it into my
family's house pick this up from TK Maxx
it actually called toilet time it's fun
to sit on the toilet seat sitting on the
toilet sometimes I stand like Daddy I
like to do we some poos in my toilet do
you need is a time I like mommy can is
it go wee-wee are you sure
what you ha
