is waiting all day for this equals with
a company it came and I break the boxes
I'm so excited I ordered a new your ball
this is a spring off I look forward to
using this gadget and this is what my
knife has come to know mommy not well
good morning everyone just dropped Isaac
off at daycare and all don't mind me
looking like a Skrull today cuz it goes
daycare two days a week I dropped them
off pretty late and I also pick them up
pretty early but I thing is he started
to like cry all the time even though the
teachers reassurance that he hope in
Christ were like a couple minutes of
music laughing there today it's just so
heartbreaking you know he has been away
for by five days another seven states
ago I got a lot for 10 but she's
actually away for 12 cents or take the
baby to get married in the state I'm
RELIGIOUS managing well I haven't really
been thinking of my timer to vlog yes my
husband pretty fool I assured you all my
errands I have only like 12
yeah today for lunch I'm making a
mushroom stirfry uncle paralyzed in my
bed I've got the cliche uh YouTube
Roberta noise you like it don't have a
belly button anymore looks like thunder
to my shirt yeah what are you doing in
there since today I'm feeling quite trap
a little pick me up I'm going to put on
a little makeup because I've been lazy
again I'm very scary encounter and I
want to try not to cry talk so much as
you can see my nose is a little red
because I was thinking of butter earlier
so I was driving oh you guys know my
belly is getting quite big and it's not
just big it's also pretty little as well
so when I'm driving
basically it's touching the steering
wheel not ideal for it to touch a
steering wheel because event if anything
happens impact it's very devastating
Rena baby what I have to do is I have to
pull my seat back
but because I'm pulling my seat back
with my short legs I have to almost tip
to a little bit yeah so I was tiptoeing
a little bit I was just driving for my
first pregnancy I bought my lesson to
never stretch out my legs and put my
toes because that is what triggers my
krump weirdest pregnancy I didn't get a
very often because in my mind I'm
thinking don't point your toes but for
the driving thing I company forgot about
it thank goodness I was almost there and
I was able to tell it like feels like
like a spa them in your in your cowl and
and not Holman it's just so painful like
we I was able to pull it right away and
decide and because it's like and I've
been thinking about it sense and I was
just thinking how dangerous it is cuz
you know it was not only just mean a car
was Isaac and also this little woman and
anything ever happened I would never
forgive myself for it when I limit my
driving as much as possible from now on
all right Lee so Tim comes back oh hi
ironic I'm using this cup but in happy
be happy and a little emotional too
otherwise and I get to not being here
but you know some women it does get a
little tiring and I have to say my
mother not as fantastic
she helps as much as she can I know it's
her own grandchild and she wants to help
like I feel guilty because I don't want
her to feel as if she had to still an
important shoes while he's away and like
my personality dreamlike anointing about
me is I hate asking for help now I this
is totally privacy horses what's
important is me to make a bond I'm just
want to cry it all off his nobody's
fault it's just bad timing and it sucks
that he has to be away so much during
this time was going to film a video for
a book sweetie
then I just figured I'm not really in
the mood so instead I'm going to go to
that garden center and get some plus my
garden looks quite depressing right now
so I might just go to garden center and
look at plants and flowers and I might
chew me up and hopefully it won't be too
straining I'm going to regret it later
the weather always hears yep all I could
do flowers I think these ones are quite
good quite like these ones these
lavender color ones and I hear
especially at ones that are bloomed yet
ready for lunch
hasn't hot like a fish cake in my
forever hmm you know a lot better after
some food the gardening was more
high-impact and I thought I did the
weeding I listened up the soil I did the
planting so yeah what was more
labor-intensive but I feel really good
because not that stuff isn't a hurry to
be fixed but it was just such an eyesore
seeing the weeds you know and yes when I
was pulling it the wheat like to me it
was like a metaphor by me telling away
all stress and all build up negative
energy so I feel very peaceful my editor
got back to me with the money script and
I'm just reading all over again so long
as I read over my work I forgot what I
wrote about and like reading through all
this again it's just this is so nice
soaking it all up and waiting all day
for this I think was going to help but
it came and I break the boxes and so
inside another box this is a spring off
I look forward to using this gadget and
this is what my knife has come to I have
been intrigued about this mop because of
Emily Norris and that's her she's like
these she's just like a star bomb so she
recommended this month because no bucket
required because you know if this belly
it's quite hard for me to walk around
carrying a mop saves time cleans twice
as fast as compared to traditional mop
just add water add cleaning solution if
required
please trigger to spray floor and then
look I just filled this bottle of water
and then I used to catch some sort Peter
this is a moment guy oh my god every
label spray while I white I think how
easy it is for me come on over there
yeah well 1000 sees my belly fat oh so
there this has just changed Who I am off
the floor this mop is amazing my day is
like 100 times better here's a toy that
never gets old
wait oh wow yes make sure it's all even
toys eBay's you'll smell semester oh
it's hot
your ingredients saliva he knows how to
seem as well the Chinese way by putting
like a better plan on top of the other
one baby I need to put some salt on
Isaac what do we have here we have an
egg oh and cheese sausages on fish
mmm I look so young boy I wish the
weather just stays like this forever yes
by the table nice and cute as a
dishwasher ready nice and creamy close
it for me please
thank you now he's sweeping then this
one wash your clothes
that's what Oh
