I'm just going to go check again just to
be sure let's get more back do your feet
like this yeah and then go low go down
low catch why is it that every time I
stretch these two dogs come over do you
guys notice it's morning everyone a
little bit for myself today because I
sit in is that his grandmother's I'm
gonna be heading up to my sister's place
later her birthday - frequently - that's
just revealing a sort of mini
celebration so where do you felt that
everybody is bringing something son
starters I mean courses cover on monkey
and I will see me in the dessert
chocolate Swiss roll this is not the
special privilege is this - non mais
Mary we meet again
feedback - the ultimate chocolate rule
add cinnamon
my wife Channing Tatum
at the first we need a make sure there's
a good show on you get distracted you
ever seen like the street performers
where they like drum bucket don't even
know what's happening all I know is I
like watching it some you guys have been
very sweet in the comment saying that
all abuzz as it seems like such a caring
character but have you thought about
taking him to the speech therapist again
since this speech is quite slurred and I
is a really great question and I am
considering it though over the pasta
which he has made a lot of progress
actually I know he may even start
babbling to like Malala believing that
he's suddenly trying to pronounce words
and it has been wonderful so we're just
going to see how he progresses for the
next few months and we will decide
whether we should kick him to speech
therapy again even though his progress
has been a little slower than other kids
but remember that every kid is different
on what's most important is he is making
progress it's funny how you guys asked
me to do a cooking channel when my
family and friends know that I'm the
biggest cooking an amateur there ever is
a nice afternoon just doing laughing you
know normally like folding my laundry is
such a cheese task and you're just like
them but then you also have TV in the
background so you're just doing it
nicely there's so long since I've been
able to just browse YouTube and just
watch we use lunch time and today I'm
having something known as John my granny
makes these because believe she just
goes to the park and then she just takes
the lace off pretty much just steam it I
find every time I eat eat I have giant
poos think about my granny I know my
granny works nah she would say
how many of easy one I realized that she
sort of has a way of working so
sometimes I'll say AHA three initial
times by three to give me nine so I said
AHA one and so she timed by three and
give me three okay ready
hot so growing up my granny used to make
this and she would actually cut it up
into pieces of a string this is one in
the click inside if you write all this
on Megan or a lot is lost pretty now
you're at Sciences plate we did Pollock
where everybody makes something so
tonight we have with me spring rolls
okay Korean rice cake I just like
bearing it Korea seebik time cake yuksam
so we basically this is Miletus me wrap
it up summer roll sticky rice a birthday
happy birthday
hey happy birthday
ah
ah yeah any slow movement was hard to
get with ha what is he he'll a tempo you
don't know the world befitting of but
happy birthday Iranian hit the start low
so we get to the high no to the goal and
we did not so hard guys I thought I'll
buy skills for the house reason I got
skills what I figured for after the
baby's born I can sort of like keep
track off my weight and I told myself
I'm not a what you sell until the baby's
here but the scales were there and so I
weighed myself just there and my horror
I'm going to check I'm just going to go
check again to the be sure I'm already
60 kilograms so I went back to my
pregnancy plugs with Isaac when I was 38
weeks pregnant with Isaac
I was sixty-two kilograms I am already
60 kilograms and I am currently 28 weeks
pregnant still have 12 more weeks a whit
game to go who wondered my midwife said
my weight gain was just off the charts
and I looked at my limit that I'm
supposed to be gaining and a party and
swiftly gaining 25 2 by 35 Pines overall
the whole pregnancy and already
surpassed the limit like I said before I
still have 12 weeks ago how do the hop
this oh just thinking back to all the
cake
uh-huh so much cake today scary thing is
this is when I start tiling the wait I
think I really need to eat healthier
maybe my baby is just big Oh
that is fine you know because my belly
is too much bigger this time ruined
maybe baby is heavier maybe I have more
food baby it's all like cake oh good
when aim is here I'm just going to be
Reaper I'm just going to Boop her all
the time what I love cake
