larger items including laptops must be
safely stowed
penguin
Oh hold on this one
are you excited yeah okay give it away
thank you they can Nathan for having us
waiting for a train to go to central
London he's really excited to see a
train yes I know we're waiting
tomorrow we're finally flying back to
Belfast and that will be my very last
flight just been a really great weekend
with lots of friends family members all
the source of Dave go by but I'm pretty
sure it's getting better right
oh I'm not this one not yet I'm so
disappointed I know I'll come Oh
oh wow you ready to give it a okay
Oh see the people's invite you to change
it will de train I think we're finally
here after like an hour of traveling I'm
sure this guy's tired too holy schmoly
nice looks cozy good morning everybody
quite cool this horde rope opens up to
like a little mini since areas
that concludes our day an aquarium at
the airport time to go back although our
play is delayed but only for a little
bit I think Tim is enjoying his take a
sushi I am enjoying my curry we need a
table when you got belly larger items
including laptops must be safely stowed
welcome back to Northern Ireland
wandering a barbecue just already doing
fun of the road crazy those guys they
exaggerate we're dancing in the middle
of the road you're drunk
under changing colors we could get run
over
excuse me just like holding a bottle
thought they were going to like smash
your colors and they're right in the
corner so if you are turning there fast
enough you might hit them came after me
and Mo plan join me
oh okay Arnold just sorted my Alice
clothes like I told you guys I'm
prepping really early it's like the more
I get them out of the way the more
relaxed healthy have the best late last
night I think I comes out from 12 to
like 9 you should have okay sitting
anywhere but I guess when you're lunging
a big belly
you realize hi difficult leaping when
pregnant can be which I forget right
tiny my baby clothes are holidays if
you're watching thank you so much for
these models these are honestly the
prettiest models I've ever seen I love
the color scheme of them pink and gold
when your mind should wash some stuff so
got more stuff to wash going to be using
a lot of Muslims Muslim wrap so need to
get more tiles these are the nursing
cover of things and then this is a
newborn drawer newborn it's so tiny
a-fib some blankets and then a zr2 three
is here colors are so cute daddy's happy
one tells evergreens wear your green
across the whole cooking for yourself
it's night time you know because we've
all fought pretty late last night the
dogs have stayed with my mother-in-law
so when I became will be what really is
that he was asking would a dog fur and I
have explained him that okay still eight
dogs are sleeping at Grandma's but
you'll see them tomorrow
nothing got awfully hard shake my belly
is at 28 weeks dr. bumble yeah pop
uh-huh
good okay I just dropped him off he's
going to be back in Hong Kong for new
accent day as you can tell this guy is
clearly very upset this reminds me of
the scene and you know and talk photo
where the little girl she tries to chase
after the bristles off the roof
army crawl army crawl careful I say
watch your head
gee miss fati okay dinner's ready honey
had a really nice day does the two of us
really want to drop him off I get quite
chewy ID but this headline I was
completely buying completely dry eyes I
mean I really miss him but just after so
many times you just learned to get used
to it and ten days will fly before we
know it and this is a chance for us to
bond and kiss Bruce looks a bit better
good night everyone
