please girl 301 - wha - ah whining
everyone when Tim's on daddy duty is
okay he does a really good job put in
the world breakfast time is there any no
girl okay today in a while since I had a
pregnancy craving so today I am creating
for breakfast a potato waffle a fried
egg butwait kitchen
mmm home well we got some words were so
as you can see I'm miss wardrobe with
the three drawers here and then we're
planning to install them on this side
because it's clearly fit right now and
we need more storage I'm not sure if I
test you guys up to speed of everything
but at the moment it seems like we are
no longer moving to Hong Kong for the
next four or five months instead we are
just going to stay here and do J and
have the baby in UK for a while I've
been so guilt-ridden because Anthony all
the money we sit on the flight
denying Ellen Hong Kong passport and
odds that have been in the end I think
after speaking to a few family members
after talking to Tim what really matters
the most is that the baby is brought
into the world healthy in a nice good
environment especially with all the
bleeding episodes and his primacy I just
feel like a hospital here knows my case
what also means that I don't leave the
dogs for four months they would have
been taking good care of by my in-laws
but you know like it's just a dog's life
just doesn't last very long and I feel
like four or five months
is a major amount of time for them like
tires by 70 bucks that's like three
years or something I feel quite good
that you know we get to bring the baby
back to our home or fight rather than
the squeeze and a tiny apartment at Hong
Kong and you guys know I love Hong Kong
but I think it was just drive was crazy
like the four of us living in tiny
apartment and of course and having to
fly a newborn baby I've always been a
bit iffy for me because airplanes are
full of germs but at the moment this is
what we're going to do yeah like us some
new stuff I want to show you guys about
this online it's a lot bigger than what
I thought it would be and it is a rough
act I got I like maybe like a month ago
and it just came in like last week and
it's supposed to be a mummy rucksack I'm
not sure how I feel but it's pretty big
I guess is a good thing that open just
like this okay for something I got
separately and it's all these
compartments and then here it has a
cooler part for you to put your bottles
plenty of space of the system I kinda
like the way it opens up like this but
I've never really been a rucksack kind
of girl I know like rough sex I've
enjoyed for a while and it's kind of the
thing to wear but I really really worry
about people stealing stuff because
that's what happened to me when I was
younger but yeah here is my mummy
rucksack since addicted to Amazon lately
I find excuses and maybe I'm nesting
alright even though 127 weeks I feel
like I want to have everything prepared
I want to wash all of Ella's clothes and
stuff such as portable changing mat on
Amazon so it just opens up voices
alright please change a baby here and
it's got like a cushion part for the
head you actually disconnect this part
but at the moment I just want to keep it
on because a man uses the store you're
not be on your wife and it just means
that everything is all together three
and put in your baby bag then yesterday
I picked this up from Matalan and this
will be my hospital bag I'm very excited
about
attacking my hospital bike it seems
silly because it's not as if and packing
to go to use like five-star beach resort
or Disneyland I'm going to hospital but
I'm excited because when I give birth to
Isaac I was in a hospital in Hong Kong
and there are a lot of limitations I
couldn't pack my own ID my underwear I
couldn't a currently there's so much
stuff that basically I was not allowed
to bring by myself because obviously
every country has their own rules but
makes a big difference when in pack your
own stuff like the more I'm able to
bring stuff from my own home the more
comfortable I'm going to feel yes
whatever I'm really excited and this is
from Madeleine 412 Pines and I realized
that I actually don't own an weekender
bag so it's just handy that I want to be
because if we ever go somewhere
overnight then I've got a pretty good
side I mean I couldn't easily just use a
handheld luggage but I don't know why I
just wanted to get this and something
else that I picked up is the Belly
Bandit and election my friend Shirley
that recommended me to get one of these
I didn't use one for my first pregnancy
it's supposed to help tighten and shrink
your belly waist and your ships post
pregnancy so supports your core muscles
provides comfort after c-section helps
minimize stretch marks
doctor-recommended accelerates healing
on my first pregnancy might tell me was
quite stretched I did go back to my
pre-pregnancy weight it's not even
lighter but my skin was quite tidy feel
like my belly will always be sliding but
I'll use this other way office I'm
staying here in UK I'm making my last
flank I know I've been flying a lot and
you guys have been so worried but this
will be my last trip and I just have to
go because it's my little daughter's
first birthday and I just cannot miss
it'd be nice to see a lot of our old
friends again and actually two of them
are also pregnant I got some outfits for
the new mummies as well so I'm going to
go downstairs and rusty looks like UTC
gifts and this
really cute bag I keep them and then
like when I need to use them I use it
and cook to laundry cycle so like
getting a good older today Tim's on the
phone with his mom and the funny thing
is like that time like they're arguing
but they're just having a normal
conversation is not to look yea tall hey
when your parents ask you to teach them
stuff on devices and using the internet
you guys get really short food I'm not
sure sweetie
I'm the most patient person on earth you
should realize that I've been doing this
one more there for 10 years you should
realize that he taught me how to use a
spoon you should be alive yes he went
eat you're nervous what are you watching
why did I just ask you question I know
he's watching and I shall laugh are you
tired
yeah I you sleep
why did kids fight sleep so much why do
they risk to snap when you grow up Isaac
you will realize that not far actually
so precious say midnight
Hey and then um oh hey follow then I
took me I wonder why you gosh
Oh Buster were little hi Maya
- hey twee girl train so I wonder what -
OH
