everybody its Bob welcome to my 27 week
pregnancy slog for baby number two
hopefully by the time you guys watch
this video you guys will already know
two things number one baby acorn is a
little big girl and number two her name
will be Ayla honestly it still feels
really surreal annoying we're going to
have a baby girl and it's just such a
blessing it's almost as if Isaac has
psychic intuition because from the
beginning he's always named baby bump
Alana despite not knowing whether if
it's a boy or girl or the name he just
named her laughter but the cool thing is
her name is Ella but I think the
nickname Lala is something he's going to
use for many many many many years
quickly recapping on the name Ayla with
picked Ayla because as I mentioned to
you guys we really like names that start
with a vowel and we like short sweet
names since the baby love nicknames
acorn from the very beginning it just
makes sense for Ayla because
Ella is Hebrew for oak tree which is
something that acorns come from and
according to Locke you guys is also
Turkish for halo of light if you put the
letters a y la it's a first letter of
names of girls that mean a lot to me a
for Annie my best friend's my maid of
honor my children's godmother Y for
Yanni my cousin who I grew up with l3
Lindy occurs a for April my little
sister which is when the Ã¦lis auntie so
the whole says Ayla will grow up knowing
that her name stands for t for women
together he will love and guide her
along the way even for Kim and I we just
know that she she feels like an Ayla and
I let's get on this log I think I've got
quite a few things to announce and talk
to you guys about we're in the final
week of my second trimester next week I
graduate into the third trimester which
is the last stage baby is by 14 and a
half inches long
and weighing up to 2.0 since our last
pregnancy vlog Ella has hopefully gained
another point at the stage baby is
definitely able to recognize my voice
Isaac's voice and that is Royce or the
past two weeks she's really really been
kicking things I'm not just feeling
strong kicks I feels like very very um
powerful blows in my lower area filter
at this moment she's a fanny kicker I
don't even know them at the time where
I'd be outside or I might having dinner
and then something I'm like an NP we're
like what's wrong I'm my own nothing she
just kicked me in the fanny I kind of
play in both because there's quite a
good feeling feeling your child kick
there really isn't any feeling quite
like it and because this may be my last
pregnancy because like I mentioned to
you guys we feel like we'll be happy
with two kids
I'm just really cherishing every single
kick flutter and even discomfort so here
is a symptom that I've gotten this time
around that I didn't really have with
Isaac and you can't really see it in
like as I'm wearing my nation but when
my makeup is off I actually have quite a
lot of red patches on my face especially
right here and then here part of me
thinks the redness is due to dryness
because this area tends to be where you
move a lot so when your skin tends to be
dry then it can appear quite red the
thing is I'm quite diligent when it
comes to my skincare routine and yet I
still have the retinas maybe I just need
to drink more water but that cannot be
the case because I drink so much water
I'm speaking of water I'm still peeing
like so much I pee so much to a point
where I feel really guilty about the
toilet paper amusing so I have to ration
it to one sheet per time this baby
thinks my bladder is a bouncing ball
sometimes you don't realize when you go
out and then you just dying across at
the water
and you think you're fine then the
moment you stand up you feel all this
pressure and it almost hurts a little
bit
so it'll hit you when you stand up
you're like whoa I remember when I was
pregnant with Isaac my belly was really
hairy TMI but how like a proper snail
trail
my belly button going all the way down
but this time Ryan loved Ayla I I really
feel like I don't have how much hair
although my nails have been growing like
crazy I thought just thought my nails
are growing really long lengthwise was
weird is there also growing on this way
as well so my nail happened is weird
like almost or like a fan shape of a
very very ought the time ride I've been
getting painful gums cuz you know your
teeth is also linked to your ears as
well so because my gums have been
feeling so irritated and sensitive also
been giving me an earache and because
I've been getting earache has also been
giving me a headache so for the past few
days I just pretty much have to take it
easy and just laid on when you're
praying and you are more prone to dental
problems which is why in UK I believe
dental services is free for you if
you're pregnant also the whole year
afterwards which comes in handy this
time Rimes I'm nowhere near as active as
I was with my first pregnancy then you
realize that actually chasing a taller
around also comes as one heck of a
workout and this time round my symphysis
pubis dysfunction I think I did get it
pretty early dis time lined your didn't
mean that my pelvis normally is like
this but when you're pregnant actually
end up getting like a slight gap and
what happens is because it's unstable if
your joints could slip in and slide and
it causes a lot of friction so it can be
quite painful for me I have a lot of
pain in the front of my pelvis I get it
at my tailbone and inner thigh area but
because of the FPD I do feel like this
time Ryan I'm much more clumsy when I'm
walking I'm really really wobbling I
think it was a few weeks ago when I was
wobbling my friends and my friends
bumped into his friend tiny she said to
my friend what's wrong your friend she
walks in if she needs to take a dump I
was like thinking country tale I'm
pregnant or you know who prefaces and
then I caught sight of myself in one of
the glass reflections and then
actually laugh because it is true I do
walk as if I'm trying to like Holden
opposed I do look and feel puffier my
belly is so much bigger a lot of times
when I see my Chinese relatives they
would pretty much say you look like
you're carrying a girl because you know
apparently according to my Chinese
tradition if you're carrying a boy
you'll blow your just belly but if your
kind girl tiny you get quite tired or
you know you're big all over I don't
think my swelling is that bad but as you
feel more swollen this time round
alright my let's talk about the main
thing I wanted to discuss which is my
birth plan and what I plan to do not in
our last pregnancy vlog I expressed you
guys that okay we're going to be having
this baby in Hong Kong because it would
be more fair for Ayla since her brother
Isaac has dual citizenship because I
think was born in Hong Kong but since we
are born in UK he was able to have Hong
Kong on their British passport so the
plan was okay let's give birth in Hong
Kong so Ayla can have both benefits but
in this pregnancy that there are serious
complications but in this pregnancy I am
bleeding quite a bit it was only just
last week at the good hospital twice due
to a bleeding episode and that last week
I think I had like three bleeding
episode since I'm getting like random
bruises in my legs and my blood pressure
is quite low then we decided as a family
that okay let's just have the baby here
in new cage for a while I was just
ridden with guilt just thinking all the
money we're going to waste for the
flight and what if one day she gets
upset knowing that we denied her of
getting a Hong Kong passport for a long
time that bothered me I might even have
trouble sleeping at night speaking to
several family members and PIM included
we just agreed that actually it's not
the end of the world if she doesn't have
a Hong Kong passport what's most
important is bringing the baby here
safely in hospital that knows my case I
guess
it would be so much more comfortable to
bring baby home in this house rather
than a teeny tiny apartment anything is
that we give birth in Hong Kong we would
have to fly a live back when she's only
like four or five weeks and to me I feel
very young and I'm really afraid that in
the flight she'll she'll pick up
illnesses and stuff so yes a plan is to
give birth here in UK just such a style
really because I love the care that I
get here in hospital here in UK because
I felt like in Hong Kong yes they're
efficient and they must be good at what
they do
plus I like to my experience giving
birth in the hospital in Hong Kong they
just wanted to get things by the clock
no it all makes sense because it's so
much busier in Hong Kong so they're all
in a tight schedule but I felt like my
birth scenario with AIESEC could have
been avoided they thought that he would
be a big baby because my belly was big
but the midwives here are confused
because they said that they should be
able to know that your belly was mostly
food the whole reason I was induced was
because they thought my baby was big so
in a way I felt like I was kind of
induced for no reason and if you watched
a documentary at the business of being
born and talked about a lot of times
when you get induced it often ends up
being a emergency c-section because it
causes a lot of strain on the baby well
and that was exactly in my case and I
felt like it could have definitely been
avoided I think I feel very comfortable
here and they did ask whether I would
opt for a feedback this time and
feedback means vagina birth after
caesarean or if I would like an elective
c-section with the whole labor and
birthing I kinda just avoided just
thinking about it for a while and I just
waited till I was ready because from my
past fees watch you guys know that I've
been a bit anxious especially about the
pushing part and thanks to a lot of my
mummy friends out there a lot of you
guys actually told me that actually the
pushing was the most liberating part for
me and so I put a lot of comfort in my
heart and my biggest fear was actually
tearing down there like the whole
thought really scared me there was a
time where I thought okay
got a scar from my caesarean anyway I
might as well do it again
so I felt like primacy changes your body
in so many ways I might as well just
preserve the only area that's been
unaffected to be honest the thought of
me tearing down there terrified me more
than getting an actual major operation
where you get sliced open to take the
videos so I got to that point I know
women who have wonderful experiences of
c-sections and some not so much
mine was fine there all the time I was
really leaning more towards hey I might
as well just get a c-section anything I
really worried about was recovery
afterwards just want to be honest with
you guys even though I was leaning on a
c-section or something that always felt
I've always felt there slight prejudice
against women who get c-sections and
made me somehow
like even very slightly subconsciously
think that if I didn't push this child
into the world I would not earned it
under such a stupid way to think because
of course that's not true I guess
me being able to have a choice me
everything so much more complicated but
nonetheless as time went on for some
reason maybe because this might be my
last pregnancy this is me thinking this
is my only chance to experience labor so
in a nutshell I am going to try getting
a feedback grating is I am no longer so
scared about it anymore if anything I'm
it's weird but almost as if I kind of
look forward to and a part of me thinks
I can really really do this because the
first time I was denied the access all
being able do that so now I suddenly I'm
thinking I really want to do this I want
experiences let me know what in the end
I might have to end up getting a
c-section anyway which also be fine but
at least I knew I would have tried and
I'm just going to trust my body I'm
going to trust the doctors and nurses
I'm going to just trust in general so
it's really silly but I'm actually quite
excited by giving birth in the hospitals
here I'm excited to actually pack a
hospital vibe because I feel like you're
going to Disneyland as well you're gonna
be staying in some sort of five-star
resort you're staying in a hospital but
you're selling
to pack for the hospital general just
mentally I just feel like I'm in quite a
good place since we've done it all
before I feel like this time right Tim
and I are a lot more optimistic and calm
all right my next end this plot with a
belly shot due to some people when they
see me they think I'm like ready to pop
so here is baby at 27 weeks you can't
really tell but I'm actually slightly
lopsided because she liked to snuggle up
on my right side I have no waist anymore
pretty big for at 26 only three months
ago yeah it's gonna it's gonna grow
bigger okay I can handle it I don't have
any new stretch marks yet
