it's got light and it changes colors
thank you lately because give it away
right they're like what's up Tim Jay I
love you guys I've been very nice thing
my god they don't want to talk to finish
it for if the money's not at all guys
think is the team so curious it's not we
were trying to learn keep anything away
but the finest of all kinds just samples
of the backside of everything that we do
all the financial all the really boring
stuff and pretty much I am so afraid
into the fun stuff like just would make
it really simple for you guys because
Luke Oliver announces the technical side
suggesting condenses a PA monitor
managers like like really healthy cause
the technical stuff or the reason we
find is and it happens by our businesses
are in some classic well is what I'm not
even here 100% what we do but
no but meeting the right really keep me
on safe to me one day maybe hearing my
hamburger I don't know if you guys have
heard about I'm sure you guys have I'll
buy the incident from a passenger on
United Airlines was dragged off flight
hoarsely that is just wrong like today
all over my facebook everywhere all I'm
seeing is basically this article videos
up like the airline today definitely
raise offer they would have saved the
heck lot of money rather than new faces
bad backlash party their shares went on
by like four percent in just a day like
the really horrible thing not is post
saying that doctor was convicted of
trading these drinks doesn't matter I
said I get doesn't matter if the doctor
was convicted in to pass whatever it
doesn't justify what United Airlines did
is a separate matter painful forward and
newspapers Judas and they wanted MVP
hopefully that's what they'll get from
nyah fun
reisi remedy are nang everyone we're off
to London today it has a little surprise
when he fired at two days ago we're
going to London he like yeah we're going
to London engine pretty rude security I
didn't need to go through this stuff
because the lady was like oh I don't
want you to go surgery radiation and
normally I would need to take off my
shoes which is like oh I don't want your
food to get cold we are serious here we
go again the meat cleaver her London
prices this is like 15 times for a
spacious like a good quality steak and
it's peachy what's up to follow up a tip
you so happy he didn't jazz why are you
so happy
there's no lately what I might
okay what Cathy moving okay and holy
laughing yeah what is it
you have no stop jumping up and down I
can and you really spiked it all to you
cry for my five mistresses one seriously
hard to get it oh baby just finishing
you only like 10 minutes ago across the
road and I start actually dreaming like
I'm the entire economy
oh it's almost time to say dude I'm like
them and I am going whoa oh actually
turns are not going in to forget some
key all around the building number two
cells oxygen we're still going remember
being simple going on our corners of
building we're reaching okay where we're
seeing and on the other side of the
building being is smaller
you're like you've like ignored me for a
lost ten minutes
watch the first half the show and then
the second part is no seven so far is
worth every tiny apples
no now the main thing you go check out
is be ready
no polite what did I request for you
think what does Lindy need in the hotel
Wi-Fi no that's free what does a
pregnant Lindy need another car no hair
no pregnant Lea are pregnant than be
Colonel indi need in the hotel good no
ah help you oh thank you and me and I
suck whoa I'm 30 years old this is the
first time I ever got to like lay on the
four-poster bed right kind of changes
colors
thank you to Miami if I do was to be
amazing for ramen
yeah she does
lick it off out of here wow I could get
you to this so cool huff drapes on your
bed
