ah morning guys today is Saturday and I
am in yesterday and I'm really glad you
guys like it some you guys I mentioned
that you've been choking up because like
all the meaning behind it made me look
up the meaning of my name Lindy never
appeared to me to look up the origin of
my name what does the name Lindy mean
means tender beauty in most countries
all over the world named Lindy is a
unique name that could be used for boy
Abner girl variety of names like Linda
Verlinden Melinda and means beautiful
pretty and sweet no only two more days
until Tim is back I love it when the
morning light comes Oh from the mail
today finally got some of these bras are
these are actually nursing bras just
looks like your ordinary sports bras and
then before back then the ones I had was
a very generic ones where you just sort
of there's clips at the top so when you
need to boob your child you just put a
sign but my friend recommended these
ones instead because when you're wearing
it what you could do is just pull to the
side and sooth boob is exposed easy
access reach your I'll be wearing b2b
ones as well but it's just nice to have
these I didn't want to buy a long
nursing clothes so I just picked up like
two pieces so this is just looks like
just a plain black dress but it's kind
of like high the brow work there's a
panel here where you just pull to the
side and then it's like peekaboo here's
my boobs just a gray top but then you
actually fold up the gray piece and it's
like this again
piccaboo here's my boob take a boob pic
a boob get pick a boobs
oh when you laugh at your own jokes
what's really expensive I'm not really
sure if it's like work the price goes
just like a piece of fabric it's like a
nursing cover-up this means that you can
feed your baby more discreet this one
just looks like a shawl you see there's
like a little hook here you put your
head so in a sense it just kind of looks
like a shawl or you're ready to get your
hair cut but it's plain it's lightweight
and then actually when you're not using
it you can just use as a scarf so which
was order the main reasons I wanted to
get it because hey like hi handy is this
guy's book form is not I tried to take a
nap afterwards I've got a migraine so
what kind of like stopped me from
sleeping is all at the front on my head
such a beautiful weekend for Ella I came
to visit my sister and we're taking the
kids are to the park where I'll see you
in the play very good icing yes I
I think which one's number seven seven
which one's number seven yes um which
one is number five yes which was number
two I like on the ocean wave I hope on
the roll maybe oh yeah is a cone here
everybody is enjoying her ice creams and
he's enjoying the Koon after a really
fun time at the park the kids are having
some quiet time a little bit of play-doh
and Benji is making me something what
are you making me waffle you just made a
blue waffle some stuff at zebra hospital
again because I started it we begin some
time it's my p.m. I as it really dark
stuff but the Midwife told me to drop it
anyway and yesterday I felt some pains
on my left side the last time was the
hospital they said I have to say over I
don't think I'll need to stay over at
this time but just in case I got pizza
at home I guess I didn't need to stay
over and if you thing is because the
bleeding is like a dark color I mean
it's all blood so that's good because it
means it's not a fresh blood I don't
know like what is it was the Royal
Maternity Hospital and all their heart
doctors I want to say of me but he's
really hot so friendly and yeah they
suggest like oh you know it's just
routine you know we will do a vaginal
examination but it's up to you now I was
like no no no it's okay could you just
tim is back tomorrow I've been getting
like my greens at the front of my head
this massage of the sacrum
you like it some trees whose mister
hospital is today and they test a baby
the heartbeat seems fine important
questions they ask is if the baby's
moving and I say yes it is are you
feeling painful contractions and I'm
like no it looks like everything's okay
the timer and I just know that my my
health isn't that great
my blood pressures a bit low I think is
really liking the sticker book yeah that
looks good
good news is Tim is but today I'm
actually contemplating whether I should
even hurry and walk home end of this
month and whether I should give birth
there I just feel like I'd be so much
more comfortable here yes high school
boy move it this one
hey pink is it what is it what does a
pixel do know this one
you trying to say brush teeth that's a
toothbrush friend
that's insane son push mommy so much
English memory sends hey-ya hey-ya where
I think watch mommy much they did it an
hour yes good flower flower I think
citizen that you don't know that's a
queen we were all laying here in the
beanbag in Isaac's room reading Tim is
back and I'm so happy guys just feel
like the moment he walked through the
doors I was just able to like step back
because she joins they're cleaning up
the kitchen and he's already been so
helpful everything that my migraine is
mostly gone and I'm so happy at least
when I look down no striking on my
forehead I think it's all thanks to a
good murderous you all know Tim go back
yesterday really sweet because Tim has
tons another surprise yet another
surprise yesterday he told me that
actually tomorrow morning we're headed
off the London when there's one of my
favorite places we'll just be there for
a couple of days and my mum and mom's
gonna take care of Isaac while we're
away he mentioned pack one title I sit
on one going right outfit so not sure
what the occasion is for to be on it but
I'm all in for it underwear underwear
underwear well to be honest I don't
really have like a nice square outfit
you know when you're pregnant like
nothing really 600 I can just hold it
beautiful day Bon Appetit
the toilet I was like oh my god we're
holding gardener 121 well again I think
the semi-cooked are doing company where
we keep getting seen by a doctor 10 this
off to collect isaac leading to be due
to something called super column erosion
try to explain a bit more this is one of
those no is very telling he looks like
an angel guys felt softer soon
everything falls off you see everything
seen everything no date no son nothing
is there even either even doc behaving a
real doctor but he was still like polite
about it it was like it's a good idea
what's dangerous is that we just say
that oh the bleeding should be from
Apollo so what if it's not
what does he know he's not a real doctor
she's only in training when I was done I
went back to the waiting area and then
there were some ones there under that go
I saw little phonetic imitated a hot
doctor here and I wasn't aware that he
was coming up behind me to grab me right
I'm inulin bright red I'll just wing my
new flick because damn what's on your
home
I know the other haunt my ring just
because I'm not ordering anything
doesn't mean I come into the special
well you're in pork chop for rest of
your life because you slipped are you
saying there porkchop
are you know Wagyu beef paint your wagon
