Cory Taylor could eat my ass any day so
who cares why not do your own thing and
let them say what they want what's up
guys welcome to today's episode of
Friday night mail today's episode is
brought to you by the old school pillow
in royal blue or whatever you guys can
get this and many other things from my
hashtag Tara Babcock merch line at Tara
Babcock merch calm but it's best and
most prudent so click the link down in
the description because you'll get 10%
off anything on the store so if you guys
want to support the channel and get some
cool merch the link is down in the
description and I have everything
barring hats and leggings unfortunately
but that's because teespring doesn't
stock that kind of stuff at the moment
if they ever do get hats and leggings in
I'm your girl trust me I want some tear
about cock merch leggings another note
before we get into the video I got this
from J for Valentine's Day and I
promised Jay that I would open these on
camera because I think it would be more
meaningful to open the rest on camera I
already opened this one it's a little
birdie but I have three more to open and
they're like little eggs that if you
like rub on this heart here and the
heart turns pink it's really easy to
push through and have them hatch Jay
knows me really well because he knows I
love shit like this he knows I love
collecting cute shit so I thought I
would do it on camera cuz why not so if
you're interested in that stay to the
end I do have the cleaning ladies here
today and I had no idea that they were
coming today until yesterday so if this
video was a little bit late or you hear
anything weird in the background that's
the reason all right guys for this
week's fnm giveaway winner is andreas el
congratulations Andreea cell I hope you
get back to me ASAP so I can send you
over an Amazon gift card if you guys
want to sign up for this week's giveaway
link is in the description if you happen
to be the winner you either get a $25
Amazon gift card or you get a $25 twitch
subscription to my twitch channel which
hopefully is not gonna take a huge hit
in terms of sexiness and freedom of
speech after March 5th because of the
new TOS bullshit you guys can surmise
how I feel about this right not too
happy and it has nothing to do with
cleavage it has to do with my
personality my freedom of speech my
jokes things that might be deemed as
hate speech or harassment and I
personally don't think these changes
made anything more apparent or less
subjective moving on let's take some of
your questions I guess that one actually
sort of counts as one of your questions
cuz a lot of people have been asking me
about that well almost drop the phone so
the first question is
reject she says do you believe in moral
absolutes I absolutely do not I'm a
moral nihilist which means that I don't
believe that anything is intrinsically
bad or good I don't believe in good and
evil and I don't believe that there's
one particular act or one particular
thing that is always wrong in fact I
don't believe that I'm the arbiter of
telling people what is right or wrong
and I'm of the opinion that if anyone
actually is a moral absolutist I'm at
least 90% certain and that's a number I
pulled out of my ass of course but
they're actually a moral relativist at
least moving on if you guys want me to
do a video on any particular
philosophical topic that you guys want
me to speak more in-depth about please
do let me know because I like doing
stuff like that as you guys have
probably caught on to anyway next
question is from Apple Sloane question
times two but first I want to say that
you are awesome I'm still in my fairly
early teens and my thoughts and views on
the world our way word in comparison to
my family and peers wow you're actually
really well-spoken for being so young
that's really cool I have a weird sense
of humor and I'm kind of a tomboy I find
your personality and mine to be quite
similar and I feel like I can relate to
you more than most people so thanks for
being you thanks for being you the only
people I've found that I can really
relate to most of the time are online so
I really appreciate all of you guys I'm
not one of those people that's like oh
in real life friends I have so many of
them and I care so much about them it's
more like my in real life friends or
acquaintances and you guys are my in
real life online friends what do you
think about good and evil I know you're
not religious though I am a Christian I
would like to know how an atheist can
dictate that based on the guidance of a
unique moral code rather than a specific
religion all right so let's tackle that
one first before we even read the second
question so for me I don't really have a
moral compass what I do and what I don't
do and what I'm willing to do and what
I'm not willing to do is solely based on
other than my upbringing which is
something I can't change there are
obviously things that I can't control
that stem from my early childhood in my
environment that I might not be
consciously aware of that is shaping my
opinion on things but I just don't do
things I don't like and I do do things I
do like and my moral compass if you have
to call it that is basically just a
libertarian principle of do whatever the
fuck you want as long as it's not on
fringing on anyone elses right stay out
of the way of other people mind your
business you can have your philosophical
talks but you're not actually imposing
your own lifestyle choices on someone
else and the way that I could see
society working from this point on if we
all decided to be atheists
that we have this nice foundation of
moral reciprocity and laws and stuff
like that
aside from laws I can see us outlining
our behavior based on I'm not gonna do
these things because if I do these
things I lose the safety of the social
contracts of society I could go to jail
I could have those things happen to me
and it's basically just like a very
selfish
einar and principle of reciprocity that
isn't based on pretending to be a good
person kind of like the golden rule is I
think judeo-christian values and morals
have built a good Society because it
makes people who would otherwise stumble
into some kind of nihilism that's
actually detrimental to them I
personally find nihilism to be very
freeing to be very clarifying and to not
be scary or pessimistic but I know a lot
of people basically just lose their shit
once they lose their deity so I think
that now that we have this working
foundation and more and more people are
becoming atheist I think atheism and
finding your own way needs to be framed
in a specific way I haven't worked all
of this out yet and I've listened to a
lot of philosophers and I agree with a
lot of philosophers who say that having
a moral compass for society as a whole
is better but not everyone necessarily
works better that way anyway this is
just a bunch of free-flowing thoughts
and stuff that works for me I'm not
necessarily attributing my success with
them to the rest of society and I am
glad that I'm not the arbiter of what
everyone else does with their lives I
think it's really important to find out
what's best for you and to try different
things and to listen to different
perspectives so that you actually do
find out what is best for you and to not
worry too much about what's best for
other people okay question number two
great questions by the way or a great
question I don't know the next one do
you or anyone in the comments know an on
sketchy place online that you can buy
and deliver hentai from Thanks the
Internet the Internet has a wide range
of free and not free hentai I'm not
really sure why do you want to buy
hentai in like box form unless they're
collectors or something but you being in
your early teens I would assume that
it's illegal for you to view that kind
of stuff so I would say I think sexual
exploration is really important in your
teen years but I think you have to weigh
the risks of doing something
quote-unquote illegal and just choosing
to wait so that you don't end up getting
in trouble
I cannot advise you on what to do either
way you have your own agency decide for
yourself anyway thanks for the questions
William says question do you think that
underage people fapping to your content
is wrong I'm 15 years old and it's just
too hard to resist
you're perfect keep up the good work
Tara thank you I think if you're not
fapping to something
at 15 years old and you're a male
there's something wrong with you
probably unless you're just like a late
bloomer or something we're I to be a
parent I would frame sexuality and sort
of like a very healthy way where I'm not
gonna judge you for what you like or
what you do and I think it's really
important that you explore your body and
your tastes but that you do it in a
healthy and contextualized way for
instance I would always instill in my
kids that what you see online what you
see in movies what you see in
fantastical works of art is not
necessarily gonna be the same as in real
life I would teach my kids that fantasy
is perfectly fine and completely
different from reality but that if
you're actually gonna take your
fantasies into reality you have to
consider consequences and every action
once it comes out of your brain and
becomes something you've acted upon does
have consequences and I would recommend
that you explore yourself without porn
before you explore yourself with porn or
with a partner I would say it's
perfectly healthy it's perfectly fine
I'm not gonna dictate what you do with
your body and if your parents think it's
wrong your parents should be the ones
telling you why it's wrong and then
banning you from it if they can which i
think is the completely wrong approach
give them the tools to make the decision
for themselves teaching them your point
of view but not being an authoritarian
to the point where you disown them if
they don't think the way that you do I
can understand certain rules when you're
in their household but in my opinion
that should never be something that's
just like because I said so there should
be context and reasoning behind it so
that he can make his own decision once
he's 18 and he's prepared for the real
world
all right guys no more of the the
jailbait questions thank you so much for
the questions I actually really enjoyed
them this week who knew that the younger
audience could ask me such hard-hitting
questions you guys are awesome all right
let's get into opening these packages I
think I know what both of these are one
of them is from Pekka I fucking love
Pekka so we're gonna open it first I
feel like the longer I wait the more
that customs is gonna steal from my
package because for some reason every
time Pekka sends me something custom
steal shit last time they said that the
package arrived ruined but there was
nothing inside the package anymore
except for like a beat-up letters
ridiculous this band on the front is
kind of good but the band on the back is
legendary what is going on here
Rammstein is really good but oh shit
Megadeth okay I feel like you're silly
for saying that Rammstein is not the
better band here come on
come on I like some Megadeth but I dated
a guy who was in a metal band who like
adora - Megadeth and for some reason
that kind of turned me off - Megadeth
and the
part was he was acting like people who
are into like hardcore like black or
death metal they don't like things like
Pink Floyd and he didn't like Pink Floyd
so I was like you are the poser not me
Thank You Pekka I really like this I am
fuckin dumbfounded that this did not get
ruined in the post cuz yeah I'm actually
gonna put up the Rammstein side enjoy
these gems babe spare the letter for
last fuck I didn't do that I'll just
edit it so that it was last you guys
didn't see a letter yet did you yes on
the back of the card is the translation
to the rhyme on the front please don't
even read the front rhyme too much
cringe okay we're reading the front
rhyme okay so first thing I see here is
the best thing ever and that is a Pink
Floyd fucking wrist band which I'm gonna
be fucking wearing that hopefully Jay
doesn't steal cuz fuck him oh my god so
good Thank You Becca this is awesome I'm
gonna keep it like this we're gonna be
silly for a bit oh so I haven't
publicized it too much but I want to
make a patch jacket that's not based on
all of the shows that I've seen live I
want to make a patch jacket where all of
the patches were purchased by you guys
and I think it's gonna be really cool
and I actually have a wish list like a
patches only wish list we have a motive
ours we have a Pink Floyd the wall with
the fucking dual hammers yes the walking
hammers one of my favorite bands of all
time even though this is my favorite
band of all time and this is my favorite
current metal band of all time Corey
Taylor could eat my ass any day and
everyone else who has ever been and ever
will be in the Slipknot band as long as
they wear jumpsuits and masks and
they're in character cuz you know I
would still do Cory Taylor though I
think okay we are gonna we were gonna
ruin okay this is a really cute card
really fucking cute it's a it's a doggy
like licking or kicking looking kicking
a dog kicking a cat how fucking cute
it's a dog like nuzzling a cat and the
cats like enjoying is like yes P and
then P Annan all on EP Annan P&E Jaime
P&N peony sook oh cool oh cool ooh sir
and Surin East I mean it's finished
smallest look small smile smallest kiss
belonged to biggest friendship I I think
the translation is bad because the
translator is very foreign very finished
but it says Pekka xoxo this is
definitely going in my binder of shit
that I keep from you guys well I keep
everything this is good probably gonna
go in the front because this is really
cute I love things from different
countries if you ever send me anything
as long as it's not food don't send me
food and you're not from America or even
if you're from like a state I've never
been to like a lot of the states in the
Midwest and stuff send me stuff from
your fucking place hey sexy so there was
this day called Valentine's Day recently
that I never seem to remember but I do
remember what you said about
Thanksgiving so I don't feel like shit
for not getting this there by that date
your inclination was right I don't care
that much about the date it's the
thought that counts and the fact that
you did any of this for me thank you so
much babe and after meeting and getting
to know you I finally understood to
enjoy and treasure a connection to a
one-of-a-kind person any time we spend
time together any day you want to be
around each other from the start to the
eventual end from the distant past till
the glorious future so it might not be
Valentine's but we still should and
we'll make time to tell our friends and
loved ones I love you I love you too
so much thank you for all of your
support and help over the years you know
it may be I don't say it enough but
seriously you're awesome with warm hugs
and booty taps
Pecha xoxo and he put a little a little
fucking rock on ask motherfucking
sticker there Thank You Pekka this
package was the best by far because I
actually got the stuff that was in it
and it was really thoughtful I
appreciate it you are wonderful
I'm guessing based on the shape and the
feel it is a bunch of goombas that
rubber tongue got me I will be
pleasantly off it is I was gonna say
I'll be pleasantly surprised if it's not
because that means I didn't know what it
was and I kind of like not knowing what
it was all right so this goombah is
super happy I love these because they
have different expressions they're like
emoticon goombahs or something what I
wouldn't trade to just have all Goomba
emoticons everywhere this is the
standard angry Goomba looks like that
very standard and angry Oh God my boobs
actually gonna come out okay we got two
in there let's see if we didn't do a
whole set of Dumba titties this is an
exclaiming Goomba or something he's like
talking about in justices in the world
probably social justice look at him that
is a social justice ask Goomba isn't it
I bet if I put social justice Goomba in
the title I won't be demonetized because
people will think that I'm actually
exporting some social justice narrative
or something oh yes there oh no
we got a flying Goomba yeah I fucking
hate the flying goombas in the game but
in real life they're actually kind of
cute
all right I think one of those has to be
a good thumbnail let's not be banned
banned on Twitch or YouTube probably
banned on both eventually the way things
are going and not for titties probably
for speech probably for being farther to
the right then to the left probably for
my second amendment video which I'll
eventually finish once I get my fucking
CCW actually returned in the mail we
shall see last thing we're gonna be
doing by the way Thank You Pekka you
have made this video very special
because obviously rubber tongue can't do
that I love this dress I love pairing it
with a cardigan it's really long and
flowy too moving on it is time to hatch
some patchy moles we're gonna hatch some
hatching moles now I feel like it's
gonna be a turtle so what we do is we
rub this heart rub it
oh and then once you've rubbed it enough
which for some reason on this one is
taking a while it'll turn like hot pink
or something come on
oh I put my fucking thumb right through
it oh yeah and the moment of truth it's
like a doggy with wings that is so cute
I love these so now I have two of them
opened as you can see here two left to
go Thank You J by the way for buying
this for me this stuff is fun dude I
love like children's toys from like the
target children's toy section like that
talking bird you guys remember the
talking bird from the one video I'll
post the video link in the description
and I'll post a clip here and let's see
what he has to say to us or she it kind
of looks like a sheep maybe it's a
transgender bird I don't know alright we
got her out of her case let's see what
she says damn bird starting to like her
a little bit more but it was the
anti-semitic BBC loving my viewer hating
parrots that I got from the kids section
I love the opportunity to make kids toys
so so wrong alright guys no more truth
oh the hearts like half pink it's like
half pink half purple still it's really
weird
that I broke right into it what is this
oh this one is a green zebra this is the
feminist zebra for sure
if someone asked me to make the vissa
jour to like make up the Basij what it
would look like to have a feminist -
zebra it would be a green zebra with
wings
even though zebras don't have those it
would just be like an amalgamation of
their brain trying to process a specific
identity but not belonging to the
standard binary ones and then purple
mohawk definitely definitely a feminist
zebra but the feminist zebra is cute
it's real cute you know so maybe that in
itself precludes it from being a
feminist because it's cute feminists are
not cute ah one more to go well grinds
my gears about this in in Peter
Griffin's words is that they gave me an
extra one that I don't have to hatch
that's just like not hatch just like I
feel like I adopted one it's like why
would you give me one that I didn't
hatch myself
I don't want your hand-me-down ass
fucking shit that you like didn't want
oh shit what is this oh this one's
fuzzier I love it this is going to be
like a special edition one it's a
winking teddy bear with wings that's
like super fuzzy and like it's got like
hyperpigmentation on the face so like
half the face is blue and the other half
is the rest of the body which is like an
orange or something the hands are so
cute the paws I'm sorry but it's like
fuzzy it's actually like fuzzy this is
my favorite one because it's fuzzy I
like fuzzy shit except for balls
I don't like fuzzy balls shave your
balls guys all right guys that is it let
me show you the full collection that is
my full collection of hatch hatch imel's
coleg two Bulls this is collectibles
love bad puns anyway guys I hope you
enjoyed this video like the video and
subscribe if you enjoy don't forget to
post your comments in the comment
section check out the description to
watch my target haul which I previously
mentioned with the racist anti-semitic
BBC loving parrots get 10% off of my
merch if you would like to buy some
merch the links there as well and lastly
sign up for the giveaway to get your $25
Amazon gift card and or will not and
just or a $25 subscription to my twitch
channel which I would appreciate it I
fucking love streaming which is what I'm
gonna do after I finish editing this
video that's hopefully not late I love
you guys so much thank you Pekka and J
for making this a special one and now
I'm gonna go put my new goombas my
social justice goombas where they belong
shine on you crazy diamond z' bite
sweaty
