oh my god I love it when five cops come
together on my face so who cares why not
do your own thing and let them say what
they want what's up guys welcome to a
new episode of Friday night mail I'm
filming in this room instead of in my
comfy couch area in the living room
because we have the maids here right now
cleaning everything up I haven't had
them for two months so it's like really
imperative that they're here it also
might be the reason why if it so happens
the video goes up a little bit later
everything this fucking week has been a
clusterfuck so much shit to do I don't
want to whine about it I just wanna let
you guys know that that's why things
haven't been normal it's not like I'm
losing passion or I have nothing to talk
about or I'm just skirting my
responsibilities to you guys shit has
just been extraordinarily fucking hectic
I'll have the youtuber smash and pass
next week the bodybuilder sex story
which some of you guys have been asking
for as well as a little two-month
commemoration of my practicing of my
base video for this channel I'm gonna be
playing a song or two for you guys it's
gonna be fun I'm really excited about it
I want to share my passion for getting
better at the bass guitar with you guys
not only on twitch and the gaming
channel but also here last thing before
we get going please go check out my
gaming channel youtube.com slash Tara
Babcock games I posted a new game
release news last night and it's fucking
great and you get to see the gaming
channel set up which is infinitely
better than this room I need to get more
acoustic tiles up in this room to match
that room more pictures and things the
gaming channel room just looks fucking
amazing it set me on fire to make this
room even better okay the giveaway
winner of this week is Sarah Bowers
congratulations Sarah Bowers I hope you
enjoy your $25 Amazon gift card thanks
for the support girl if you guys want to
sign up for a $25 Amazon gift card or a
$25 subscription to my twitch channel
link as always will be in the
description right next to the words
epidemic giveaway oh yeah that's not a
paraphrasing that's verbatim we have a
few questions from you guys today and as
always if you want your questions
answered post them in the comments for
those of you asking what I'm gonna do
the next live video it might be a while
because I'm sticking with this schedule
for a little bit I'm having issues with
my internet and I'm having the Cox guys
that come and go come and go and the
issue only happens during the day so I
want to make sure that it's still
present and if it is still present we
fix the issue lots of shit going on in
my life right now as I told you guys
anyway questions the first question
comes from my girl
Ravin winters she says question if you
could direct any type of porn with game
characters what would the porn be and
with which characters love you you are a
badass you are a badass so what kind of
porn would it be I think it would have
to be a gangbang because I am into
gangbang porn if you guys haven't
watched my gangbang video shown here
link will be in the description it's a
really good video it's weird I'm pretty
sure YouTube is fucking me
algorithmically because videos that
would normally get a lot of views aren't
getting that many views and videos that
would normally get not that many views
are getting more than usual and for some
reason my cap seems to be 20k right now
even though like two weeks ago I was
getting like forty to fifty pretty
easily so things have just been crazy
all I care about is that the viewers who
want to watch my channel have the
opportunity to do so and no one's
chipping them in terms of being in the
subscription feed and stuff like that
anyway so gangbang with male characters
from a bunch of different games I think
I would go with I think would have to be
my favorite top five sexiest male
characters and games
so that would be Kratos Shao Khan let's
go big boss from snake eater instead of
an by Singh this time let's go with
nightmare and someone either fast or
stretchy what if we just threw in like
echo or something from legal edges just
like to switch it up and be a little
weird and then the girl would have to be
the tiniest most subservience girl in
all of games it would have to be someone
who's like 19 to 20 years old like
barely of age and really small I'm not
saying I'm into like pedophilic shit
just like I want someone who's less
experienced because it's much more fun
for the girl in a gangbang to be more
submissive can't be one of the badass
girls like Bayonetta or something or
kami it has to be someone who's a little
bit more innocent there's gonna be a
hard one maybe like Lux from League of
Legends would that be weird I feel like
Lux is the whole like oh you got it love
it when a plan comes together and then
she could totally be in this situation
oh my god I love it wouldn't five cops
come together on my face I feel like
that would be great that would be great
let's just go with that I'm sure I could
find like a dream team for a gaming
related sex experience but that's the
first thing that comes to mind okay so I
have two questions from two different
chicks about world of warcraft so we're
just gonna do these together tamara 28
says would you return to wow bulldog
warcraft and then miss Rebecca says
question what do you think of Blizzard
releasing
oh wow servers and are you gonna try it
and then she says excited for the new
virgin killer sweater heart so as per
the questions regarding world of
warcraft thank you by the way ladies for
the question two requirements would have
to be met for me to return to world of
warcraft one of which would have to be
it would have to be a little bit more
popular I don't know if it says
unpopular now as I feel like it is but I
really feel like it's dying out and the
reason why I haven't played anything
like Terra or Star Wars The Old Republic
and other MMOs is because unless its
massive like absolutely massive we're
like Orgrimmar or whatever the main city
that people hang out in the trade city
or whatever I don't know how much has
changed where that place is just like
packed with people on the server that I
play on and it's really just like super
lively if that's not the case I'm not
really interested in playing a game that
requires me to kind of feel like I'm
immersed in a world of real people the
second thing that would have to happen
is it would have to become more
competitive again for rating I had a
rating Gil that co-owned a rating Gil
Little J called called the mastodon on
the less on server I called it Leith on
but I'm gonna say less on some people
don't go like oh my god that's not how
you pronounce it your game or whatever
but we had a pretty great rating guild
and we were like fighting our asses off
to get everyone scheduled at a certain
time for this raid that raid we had 10
man's and all that stuff and then
looking for raid came out and it became
completely irrelevant whether or not you
had a good rating guild you could just
jump in with a bunch of randos you
didn't even have to coordinate with like
a partnering rating guild in order to
like fill your slots it was just queue
for a raid and a big reason why I loved
World of Warcraft so much was raiding
and the fact that I felt like my guild
my friends the people that I considered
friends in real life that I met through
World of Warcraft we're all going
together to complete this really hard
dungeon and none of us got to see the
raid bosses if we didn't beat the
previous raid boss to get there it
wasn't just like oh yeah looking for
raid newest raid hard astray just get
through it and some people would say
like oh well there's heroics so if you
want something that's still difficult
it's not the same to me to go through a
dungeon for the second time but just
make it the exact same thing but
slightly more difficult so looking for
aid and Cataclysm kind of killed it for
me I stopped playing in Cataclysm but
Wrath of the Lich King that was my shit
I fucking loved that era it was amazing
the raids were amazing I just had so
much fun with it and I really miss that
exact experience it's kind of the same
way I feel about magic now I really
loved the competitive
magic scene of Seattle I didn't like
that a lot of people were a bunch of
fucking retarded sjw's in there but I
really just liked how it felt so
competitive we lived in the same place
as Wizards of the coast headquarters so
there are always like big well-funded
stores you could go to to do the more
competitive tournaments and now here I
just feel like I have to drive like 25
miles to get to a really small store
that probably has like five people and
no one's competitive so I feel like my
days of playing World of Warcraft and
quite possibly my days of playing
competitive magic are over and that
makes me incredibly sad but everything
else about my life right now I'm really
happy about and I'm just gonna sit here
and continue to cherish the memories of
the times I had playing those games and
if something changes to bring me back
I'm more than happy to start again sorry
that was a little bit long-winded I know
a lot of you guys probably don't even
play World of Warcraft or games in
general so if you don't know what I'm
talking about
I apologize all right Hilary love has a
good question she says question would
you rather have to lay still like a dead
fish during sex for the rest of your
life or would you rather be on top and
have to do all the work during sex for
the rest of your life love your vids
xoxo thanks baby girl
okay so this is a hard one for me
because I really like doing the work but
while I'm doing the work it is very hard
for me to focus on orgasming so like I
can definitely orgasm doing the work but
it's so nice to do a lot of the work
then lay down and then have some orgasms
because I'm just being plowed and part
of the reason I even love sex in the
first place is male dominance and if a
guy can to be on top to dominate me to
like fuck me really hard harder than I
can fuck my partner or whatever like I
don't know that would really suck but
being a starfish my entire life would
just be awful so I don't know I'm so
glad that these would you rather
questions don't have any basis in
reality and there's no reason or an old
person and telling me that I can't do
these things and this is not to like
jump into this whole like super deep
philosophical thing but this is one of
the reasons why I really really love
personal liberty and being a libertarian
and just saying like whatever the fuck
you want to do you just do it as long as
I'm still able to pursue the things that
make me happy
so the fullest of my ability because the
idea of only being able to be a gamer
and not being able to be hot or into
beauty or having sex only as a starfish
or having sex only underneath like all
these rules and things it's just like no
thank you
no go
leave me to my devices I think some of
you can resonate with that as well as
the fact that I'm getting a little bit
of aids because I feel like something
about my setup is off and I know I have
a bunch of perfectionist in the comments
section and people who have OCD like I
do that are just like something is off
about her setup what is going on but
anyway moving on post your questions in
the comments post anything I am an open
book I will answer whatever you want we
have three packages this week thank you
guys so much I think I know what this
one is I think this is from rubber
tongue it's in one of those rip it open
book things so I'm assuming I know what
it is is it what acoustics in this room
are amazing I get to sound slightly less
bad than I actually do when I do my fake
singing shit that I do what does the
note say I almost opened it without
looking at the note
oh god it's from Donald so it's probably
not what I thought it was I thought you
could use this now that we're getting
married you need to start stats it's
like cutting it off start obeying my
commands there will be no more mouthing
off from you Jay and even need it kicked
to the curb I'm moving in love your
fiance Donald's and Eva's here right now
and she says fuck you Donald you're a
piece of shit didn't you say that baby
thank you baby
let's see what's in here oh my god The
Good Wife guide this is actually
wonderful I love this because this is
like a super huge troll to feminists
everywhere The Good Wife guide 19 rules
for keeping a happy husband me all the
wife he needs I would love to be all the
wife that he needs were I to ever become
a wife I love how it's like like a
children's book like really thick
cardboard pages a wife's duty a man's
home is his castle and as such he ought
to be treated like a king when he
returns home from a demanding eight
hours on the job or more he rightfully
deserves a bit of pampering it's every
wife's responsibility to dote upon their
hard-working spouse to show that he is
truly appreciated so I would amend a few
of these words I would say whoever is
the breadwinner and who is going out and
making a living in the harsh realities
of the workplace should definitely be
pampered a little bit when they get home
but I don't say it's their
responsibility I say it's their
responsibility if they want to maintain
the relationship but a wife can totally
be a piece of shit and a guy can totally
just be like fuck you bitch I'm moving
out or I'm going to find someone else
you can take your feminist standpoint
where you are a house maker and you
won't even make your man a sandwich but
he then also has the right to
reciprocate that kind of thing that kind
of lack of caring and be like fuck you
cunt I'm out oh my god put your best
face forward she's like trying to look
hot
oh man I love all these retro pictures
of bitches cleaning and shit this is
great Thank You Donal this is actually a
great gift I love it I'm gonna post
pictures on Instagram and see if they
get like deleted just like my posting
pictures about the history of Nazi
Germany got deleted on Instagram like
how was that offensive it's just like
the factual chronology of Nazi Germany
and and the rise and fall or whatever I
don't it's not like oh my god I love
Hitler ten reasons why we should love
Hitler
I think I'm adopting for my British
accent like a very Monty Python esque
female British accent because you know
can't really emulate being the nice good
woman otherwise all right we've got
another book oh shit nice hi Tara enjoy
your gift from Cody Thank You Cody this
is the other colour the feet the the
group badass girl camouflage fucking gun
pack like pistol packet it can actually
hold two pistols of the size that I
would be pissed tooling okay and some
clips so this is actually really cool
I love these I think it's cute it is
called specifically a pistol drug I
really like these I really I really
think they're cool I could kind of just
like hang them up with the pistols on
there like in the bedroom in case I ever
have to use them or something guys if
you have any weapons in the house for
self-defense please let me know where
you keep them because obviously I'm not
gonna lock them up and some say first of
all I don't have children second of all
I want it to actually be accessible if I
need to use it so let me know what your
ideas are I obviously don't want to just
put it under my pillow loaded with one
in the fucking chamber right Thank You
Cody I appreciate it great fucking gifts
some great gifts today guys thank you so
much what could this be it's broken nail
there good thing I do my own nails now
all right we've got another gift is this
from Donald's is this a Donald thing it
feels like gummy bears and this one is
for me also enjoy it you're good guys if
you're gonna put like gift notes don't
assume the arrival chronology because
sometimes I'll get things like and this
one is from me also or something along
those lines and then I'll be like what
is he talking about cuz the other one
hasn't gotten here yet what is this well
broken it oh I think I know what this is
how do I get this open it's like super
oh you just ripped it all right it
didn't look like there was any notches
or anything this is the one okay so this
is another one of those like bras that
they're like a supplement to your bra or
you can use it as a bra or whatever if
you want and it makes a cool design on
your chest how do I figure this out but
this one is actually like it makes a
pentagram on your chest it's like super
gothic and wonderful and I love it so
yay we got it there we go we've got a
pentagram in the titty now I feel like
I'm ready to go killing some Titans or
something all right guys I love you so
much thank you so much for watching I'll
see you guys in the next video which
will probably be either the video of me
playing guitar if I don't have enough
time to edit the youtuber smash and pass
but it'll be one of those two in
whichever order fits the schedule best I
don't think there's gonna be a Caturday
video tomorrow maybe there will be I
feel like when I'm a little bit behind
on uploads it's dumb to just like pack
all the uploads in one fell swoop or
something so we'll see but I love you
guys so much thank you so much for
watching I hope you guys have a
wonderful fucking weekend and if you
want a sneak peek of me playing the bass
and also some sexy stuff the fanservice
Friday is now up on patreon which is
patreon.com slash Tara Babcock you don't
have to support but if you want to it is
greatly appreciated I'll be back next
week to teach you guys how to be better
wives well thank you Jurgen Cody and
Donald you guys are awesome even Donald
