for those of you who clicked for the
clickbait title no I am NOT a
transgender I am biologically female but
I promise you the title will be relevant
commence video so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want hey guys today I have
something a bit different for you today
we're going to be doing the gender tag
video this is like an sjw tag with a
bunch of questions about your gender I
found out about this through watching
roaming millennial I'll post her video
down in the description if you feel like
watching it or doing it yourself or
checking out the questions that link
will also be down there this might seem
like a really weird video for me to do
and at first I was like oh this isn't
going to be one of the things one of the
aunt Astra W anti-feminist things that I
do for fun but honestly the more I
thought about it I've been wanting to do
a video with a semi clickbait title
called a my a transgender or Tara
Babcock the transgender question mark
because I did want to talk about what
gender means to me why I feel like I'm
50/50 on the inside but because I happen
to be biologically female I am
completely fine with assuming the gender
female because it doesn't really matter
and I wanted to talk about a specific
instance where I lost the support of a
transgender female supporter because of
something that I said about this topic
if you guys been following my channel
and not just watching the things that
are overly sexual you guys know that I
did a lot into psychology philosophy and
occasionally do a video about like
social commentary usually more on the
fun side and just to give my opinion
rather than actually change the world
and give you facts I'm more of a
commentator and although a lot of my
subscriptions on YouTube or to
anti-feminist anti sjw skeptic community
channels I never really want my channel
to be all about that just for fun this
is one of those videos if you're not
into social commentary or if you don't
like my outfit today this video might
not be for you I think I'm still going
to use the clickbait title though
because it still does pertain to that
let me open the gender tag here it's on
a website called Ashley wild roaming
Millennials video talked more about who
she is I have no idea some SJW but yeah
she has a bunch of questions here that
she wants people to answer in a video so
I'm going to do that but first I want to
talk about the situation
with the transgender follower so that
was this chick that was a huge supporter
of me not like super huge but I'd seen
her comments on a few videos and they
were very positive then randomly on one
video she commented something along the
lines of and I'll try to find it but I'm
not sure I'll be able to find it
are you sure you're not transgender you
seem to have a lot of male interests
now this struck me as we have you
there's no people who could be
transgender but not know it you have to
have gender dysphoria and not feel
comfortable with the sex that you were
assigned at birth
so I responded with I for one would be
comfortable as a male or a female and
she took that as some kind of slice
against all transgenders like I'm saying
I'm proclaiming with my opinion the
people who actually transition into a
different gender are somehow big
crybabies that should just be fine with
either gender I'm not saying that at all
any time I speak for me I'm only
speaking for me so this is my story
when I was younger I was a tomboy had
only male friends and not like the whole
like slutty oh I have only male friends
like I am now where I still look female
I was not what anyone would call
attractive at all I'd wore like baggy
man clothes and when I did wear makeup
it was just like kind of a grungy look
more just like eyeliner
it wasn't very feminine but when I hit
puberty and around the age of 12 I asked
my mom to enroll me in the Barbizon
School of modelling so that I could be
more feminine not because I was
uncomfortable with being manly or for
people to like me I already had a
boyfriend at the time who accepted me
for me but because I liked makeup and I
wanted to get better at it and I wanted
to hone all the things that I liked
about being a female but also keeping
the traditionally male interest like
playing video game and that's kind of
how I became a cross between the two
stereotypes of a man and woman I've
always felt like I'm kind of
half-and-half what society sees as male
and female but to me gender just isn't
that important and knowing and correctly
stating my sex was important basically
only for going to the doctor and
accurately stating what I would
biologically born as which genitalia I
have you know like I have to go to a
gynecologist that kind of thing I feel
like today's sjws
care way too much about what society
sees as gender roles instead of just
being individuals if you're biologically
female and you're into wearing only male
clothes looking like a male only male
interest and stuff like that but that's
fine just be that be a tomboy there's
nothing wrong with that and this isn't
to go against anyone who's actually a
transgender who wants to transition to
the other sex or the other gender and
actually change the sexual organs that
you have so that they look and feel and
act more like the other sex gender
dysphoria is an actual thing and
everyone should do what makes them happy
but it seems like a lot of these sgw
that just want to be like a bunch of
different genders or to have a bunch of
different genders
behind the statement that well you know
gender the construct so it can be
whatever we want it to be that's true
but while you're fighting against the
label you're also just applying a bunch
of labels to yourself instead of saying
that your ad envy girls envy boy
whatever the fuck why not just go with
your sex and the empirical fact that you
have to give to your doctor and then
just enjoy the things that you want to
enjoy look the way you want to look and
be you an individual without all the
labels I don't get it
but to each his own and gender is a
social construct so if society decides
to see and recognize all of these
genders I'm not going to protec in that
but go ahead and do it it's your life
just to me it seems a bit illogical and
also counterintuitive to say that you so
wholeheartedly don't want to be put into
categories and then put yourself into
categories just more than two categories
fuck the categories fuck the labels be
yourself so my entire life I've had
traditionally male interest and when I
say traditionally male interest I don't
mean that women can't like it which is
another thing that a lot of people
especially feminists take to heart if
something is traditionally mailed it's
just a fact
statistics show that mostly males like
this thing I've always lived by that
rule my parents have always allowed me
to play with whichever toys I wanted to
identify however I wanted to look the
way that I wanted to when I transitioned
from oversized black male shirt into
girly stuff because I wanted to they
supported that when I grew up playing
video games I have an only male friend
they supported that when I got a
boyfriend they supported that doesn't
change who I am and no one label or even
multiple labels can accurately describe
an individual with varied interest
I feel very male in the way that I
handle emotions and logic very male in
the way I handle fixing things and
learning how to do things also in the
way I view sex I'm more of a visual
person my entire life revolved around
manly stuff and video games but then I
also derive sexual pleasure from
masculinity
I like being small and easy to throw
around I like having tits I like makeup
I like perfecting my female canvas and
being my idea of feminine and becoming
what I feel is the ideal female specimen
aesthetically and I explained this to
the chick and she really didn't seem to
appreciate it she just really seemed to
take it as a slight against transgenders
because I had male interests so I must
be a male transgender right no I enjoy
my pussy and if I woke up tomorrow with
a dick I would
be in the gym lifting weights to breed
the ideal mail message in my opinion and
I would jerk my dick and I would have
fun with it but I would probably still
like makeup and whatever other really
stuff being submissive in bed I would
still be bisexual it wouldn't really
change anything for me it would just
change what I wanted my body to look
like because I have an ideal male and
female form everything in here would be
the same without further ado oh my god
that was a long rant let's just go
through these questions real quick
question number one how do you
self-identify your gender and what does
that definition mean to you I think we
covered that pretty much I am a female I
like the simplicity of being either
female or male it's just easier and when
you come from my perspective where
gender doesn't really mean that much
it's just a tick box on your health
records you can kind of get where I'm
coming from where I don't care about the
other genders and what it means to me is
I have female genitalia and my genetics
will back up that my sex is female what
pronouns honor you but see this is the
silly thing they expect other people and
it's specifically silly with strangers
to honor them in very confusing ways and
I just I think it's so silly
just she/he and if they somehow get it
wrong because you look more
traditionally male or female when you're
not my cats attacking my leg then just
politely crush them and if it bothers
you so much that they keep getting it
wrong just discontinue your friendship
because that's something that personally
to you you can't stand there are a lot
of pet peeves that I have and things
that I can't stand if I'm deciding
whether or not I want to be friends with
someone what do you have on your feet
who you befriend who you sleep with who
you associate with a hundred percent
your choice no strangers should be
forced to do weird and confusing things
for you to honor you describe the style
of clothing that you most often wear
well I'm working on this bangin bod so
of course I like really tight clothing
girly clothing sometimes I'll wear band
shirts or something that's a darker or
nerdy honestly my favorite outfits are
outfits that are skin tight and sexy but
they also have a nerdy or gaming aspect
about them like one of my favorite
shirts is the shirt that I cut to be a
low v-neck and it's pink and it's a
Super Mario Brothers and it has like all
of the Mario favorites and then also
Donkey Kong but I also like pretty
flowing dresses like this which I'm
going to show off right now hold on
so yeah basically anything tight that
shows my body shape and I don't usually
wear black unless it's a band shirt
number four talk about your choices with
body hair how do you fail your hair do
you have facial hair what do you choose
to shave or choose not to shave I think
that whether you are a man or woman you
should be fully cleanly shaven from the
neck down no neck beards here folks I
actually am a neck beard I grow one hair
right here and I usually remember to
shave it when Jay is touching me and if
he can feel it he's like oh my god shave
that thing and I'm like you know what
it's my choice whether or not I want to
have body hair or a neck beard okay no I
just you know shave it because I
forgotten it doesn't bother me
it also doesn't bother me not to have it
so why not anyway yeah weave smooth as a
baby everywhere I shave my arms I shave
my armpits my leg is my pussy and my
neck beard number five
talk about cosmetics do you choose to
wear makeup do you paint your nails what
types of soaps and perfume do you use if
any do I wear makeup yes I love makeup
it's like painting a canvas the most
personal canvas you can ever paint do I
pay my nails yes I do I also break my
painted nails well I personally don't
pay my nails I get manicures and
pedicures what types of soaps and
perfumes do you either so that's minty
and then on my face I use something that
regulates my skin because I can be prone
to bouts of acne I don't really use
perfume I don't know it's just one of
those girly things that I'm not really
that into I'm also not into like shoes
purses definitely not into high heels
number six have you experienced being
misgendered
if so how often I was misgendered when I
was younger a few times I used to go to
pokemon card tournaments or I would go
to like nerdy events and I as I said I
was a tomboy and some people would think
that maybe I'm a little boy or something
also some people make fun of when I was
really young like almost a baby or a
toddler how much of a boy I looked like
I had this like terrible short bowl cut
that my parents got me it was bad I'll
actually be doing a video for when I'm
away moving where I show you guys all of
my school pictures and some of my
personal pictures from like the worst
point in my life when I was a teenager
when I was just coming into my skin and
feeling like I want to look female but I
have all these male interests and when
that was actually like something that I
didn't know how to balance properly yet
so that'll be fun we're just going to go
through all the years of Terra for you
guys new me on YouTube
or modeling number seven do you
experience dysphoria how does that
affect you
I don't experience this for ya I feel
bad for people who do and I think they
should definitely do whatever it takes
to be happy I have transgender viewers i
watch transgender youtubers and I
definitely have a deep respect for
people who do whatever the fuck they
want especially in the face of adversity
to be themselves that being said I would
be happy male or female and I have no
dysphoria and I'm happy in my own skin
woah number eight talk about children
are you interested in having children
not at all
would you want to carry a child if that
were an option for you absolutely not
actually the opposite of that is what I
would want I would want to drop a child
if that were an option to me do you want
to be the primary caretaker of any
children you may have if I were to be
forced to have children I would not want
to be the primary caretaker No number
nine talk about money is it important
for you to provide for a family
financially if you choose to have one is
it important to you that you earn more
than a partner you may have god I hate
that question that is such a stupid like
what kind of ego do you have to have for
it to bother you so much that you or
your partner makes more or less money
that's just like so weird to me it's got
to be like a deep rooted ego thing like
I would be very happy if let's say Jay
and I had a family which we kind of do
now we have Eve but if he made more
money than me and then I made more money
than him and Nathan those would bother
us at all there was a time when he did
and there's a time when I did I don't
care that I make more money than someone
else I don't care that someone else
makes more money than me I don't seek
out people for the amount of money that
they make and I think there's a
distinctive difference between the
instinct that women have to find a man
who can provide for their family from an
evolutionary standpoint and women that
are just money-grubbing bitches of
course a woman is not going to want to
date a guy who has no ambitions and
can't take care of himself you know
unless it's some kind of weird fetish
then maybe they do
do you prefer to pay for things like
dates are you uncomfortable when others
pay for you or offer to pay for you know
I take free money when I see it you know
that being said I offer to pay for
things as well and I do not like playing
the oh now it's okay oh no I insist
oh no it's okay bullshit dance and
lastly 10 anything else you want to
share about your experience with gender
I think I did that in the beginning
definitely in depth personally it's not
a big deal to me it's not something that
defines me I don't think one label
should be something that defines you you
shouldn't
try to make a label define you you
shouldn't label yourself all over the
place and if a label doesn't suit you
just don't use it instead of making like
a thousand other labels
that's just my prerogative I'm Tara
Babcock I'm not the anti-feminist
anti-theists blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah
Debbie girl Debbie boy there's a reason
why a lot of people think that that
whole community is ridiculous and it's
not unfounded alright guys I hope you
enjoyed this video let me know what you
think if you want to take this gender
tag quiz thing for a video or just post
it in the comments and share your
experiences I would love that as always
if you guys are new here I have to say
this sometimes for the new subscribers
my comments section is always open I am
happy to hear descent support whatever
you guys have on your minds and if there
are any other topics you would like me
to cover please let me know I'm always
open to that I actually started a new
folder on my desktop entitled viewer
topic suggestions or something like that
two more videos over here and I will
also post my few other social commentary
videos that I've done before thank you
to roaming millennial who inadvertently
gave me the idea for this topic her
video will also be in the description
what bye guys
