yeah yeah yeah so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want hey guys welcome to this
week's episode of Friday night mail but
this week it is Saturday night mail I
apologize for that Jay has been really
sick and I couldn't pick up my mail so I
took a day off to take care of him and
also play with my kitty because she
deserves so much more attention than I'm
able to give her when I work all day
anyway before we jump into it I want to
let you guys know right off the bat this
is the second to last week I'm going to
be doing Friday night mail before I take
a three-week hiatus but not really a
hiatus because I'm going to have
pre-recorded videos to move can you guys
believe it second-to-last SNM in Seattle
second to last FM in this particular
place it's fucking crazy
if you got me anything and if you're
worried about it not getting to me or if
you sent it too late for it to arrive
next week I am forwarding my mail and
I'm going to keep this field box for a
while to have my mom pick it up and make
sure I don't miss anything so don't
worry about it I really appreciate
everything you guys do for me everything
you've sent me and I wouldn't want to
miss anything
definitely worth the extra 60 bucks the
winner of this week's $25 Amazon gift
card is Lord Vine Lee congratulations
Lord vine Lee I hope you enjoy it I
always feel bad that I'm not giving away
steam games or Terra merch or anything
things will change once I move and I
know I can afford taxes next year as
well as all the moving costs oh my god
did you guys know I have to pay a
deposit for like my electric and gas and
stuff too like 380 bucks per utilities I
guess I didn't like my credit check I
don't know anyway moving on let's take
some questions I'm going to do this
straight from my phone because I have
not picked out any questions yet from
the last Friday night mail I apologized
for that shit has just been so fucking
crazy squiz Lee asks question so if you
were a guy what would you do besides
beat the fuck out of your meat all day I
wouldn't just beat my meat I would
completely just fuck everything I would
fuck couches vacuum cleaners everything
that is not living or that's living and
can give consent I would definitely want
to have some actual sex I would want to
stick it in the butt in the vagina in
the mouth all of the above other than
that I don't feel like I would change
anything based on my sex I'm pretty much
50/50 man and woman inside my head
anyway I have a lot of male interests
some female interests a lot of
stereotypically male instincts and
depend
but also some female and girly ones I
feel like I'm a great combination of
both best of both worlds so after that I
would just go about business as normal
can we 0:03 asks shao khan is dead i
know this was a pretty shitty question
but yes in mk9 or just standalone Li
called Mortal Kombat he dies and then we
don't see him come back in MK X I hope
he comes back his resurrected somehow
because I really miss my motherfucking
man I just packed away my Shao Khan
statue and I'm already missing looking
over at him alright one more one more
because that was like a cop-out solar
flare asks question if you were to get
one or another of these animals which
breed would you get one dog two cats
well I love my kitty
she's a domestic long-hair some say she
looks like she could be part Maine Coon
or part Persian god she's so cute I have
to show you right now she's literally
perfect look at her this is why I get to
see you while I'm making videos how the
hell do I even focus on you guys with
this adorableness laying around like
this what are you doing Eve what are you
doing so cute oh my god
you know I'm filming you that's why
you're being so cute huh if I were to
get a dog I've always been a fan of big
and small dogs I like the idea of having
a big dog that protects me that's like
bigger and heavier than me so what are
they called Siberian or Caucasian
Mastiff those things are gigantic and
fluffy the Caucasian ones I think are
the ones that are super fluffy they're
great guard dogs very loyal to the end
and adorable as puppies but then if I
was going to go on the other side and
get a smaller dog I would definitely
want a Pomeranian I think they're
fucking adorable and fluffy and the
sweetest little things maybe like a
teacup one but then again I wouldn't
want to get something that's bred I
would want to rescue something so I
probably wouldn't be able to get
anything teacup honestly one of the
things I'm most excited about with the
move now is getting Eve like a big-ass
pet condo so she can climb around I'm
going to have one of the rooms be like
her room with all her toys alright let's
go ahead and open your packages thank
you so much by the way you guys are
amazing to continue to send me things
it's just like the best thing ever the
best feeling ever to know that I'm
thought of or even the fact you guys are
so involved in creating my content this
really is fan Friday and I really
appreciate it
Saturday sorry and again sorry for the
late upload I hate doing that I really
hate it the first thing we have is
something that feels like it's like
absolutely nothing oh wait I said before
we get started right yeah I want to show
you guys my braids I'm not
doing infinity braids regular braids
fishtail braids another infinity braid
there's a fishtail back here this is a
Dutch braid and then over here I have
the rope twist braid so I'm totally
going crazy with braids trying to switch
it up and do some crazy Viking shit so
let me know what you think for some
reason I feel like it looks bad on my
fine hair and I'm actually looking into
for the first time in my life getting
extensions just for fuller thicker
braids okay opening this package oh it's
a pet collar for you
this is from Zoe thank you so much from
now on yes you can direct your twitch
donations or things that you send me in
the mail to Eve because why not
if c'mere honey baby honey baby
oh I gotta call her for you there we go
ha ha
Thank You Zoe there's the color on my
little baby so so cute Jay and I are not
really like grilling her out she is a
female cat but she seems like a badass
you know like Evelyn from League of
Legends she hides from the shadow it's
been here in bin chaton but less German
no plastic bags are not for you kit next
thing we've got whoa next thing we've
got is this ah I feel like my videos are
so much more feel-good now that I have a
kitten bag inside of a bag oh there's a
note in a bag by Tara since you've
become obsessed with overwatch lately I
thought I'd kill two birds with one
stone and feed both addictions of yours
and also give a lot of people some
fanservice nerf this from derpy oh my
god derpy derpy so I wanted to take your
job away from you because your
disposable income should not be spent on
me so sweet let's get this open oh my
god are you serious you got me diva
fucking leggings oh man we've got us
some diva leggings I don't know these
are going to fit me these seem really
really small let's try them on we got to
try them on because oh my god diva
leggings yeah BRB yeah
she's trying to climb my legs I stand
corrected these are actually super
stretchy and actually fit really well
well done derpy well done how about a
little bit more fanservice
duty service why you got to scratch all
the things stop it kitty stop it
some good fucking shit all hail derpy as
a god all right we have a package
where's my boob first oh we've got
eridan aired and I figure yes oh it's
from Armond hey gorgeous sending love
all the way from Scotland this isn't
much but I've wanted to send you
something for a long time and Funko pops
are a must from Armond aka Iron Man even
though I'm a DC fan boy our mod yes I'm
going to be posting our Mons links down
in the description you guys might have
heard that name multiple times we might
know him as the most adorable jailbait
out there our mod is the creator of
cetera cents videos he created one
recently all of which will be linked in
the description thank you our Manya
eridan is such a badass holy shit
look at him dude he's so awesome thank
you our mana your gift got here by the
way okay so the next thing we've got is
a box that says fondle with care here's
how we're going to do that okay we're
done I'm sorry I just love the fondle
with care sticker it's so good we've got
to take a picture with it
oh man okay what is this how do I open
this properly oh good idea to take the
picture before I open the box because I
totally ruined that shit I hope you
enjoyed this plethora of Pinot glands
from Skyy mur oh my god Skyy mer what
did you what it's just a bunch of
fucking penises cardboard penises
literally like tons and tons of
cardboard penises oh my god there's a
note at the bottom congratulations
you've received a dick from chip a dick
calm dear sir or madam you may be
wondering what to do with this fine
piece of cardboard you're probably
fondling right now we may suggest
holding it close to your ample bosom and
nurturing it like a feral kitten
whatever you do feel proud that you
finally the top cock of the neighborhood
oh you're finally the top cock of the
neighborhood I thought I had the top
cock of the neighborhood you know what
I'm saying like why not right pop out
that plumage and take some selfies as
you play with your dick tag though
digital masterpieces with Shiva dick and
will make you internet famous on our
website think of it as an audition tape
for your inevitable descent into the
wholesome world of webcam modeling and
please consider helping the dick joke
stay relevant with just 15% off coupon I
got a dick if anyone wants to ship dick
I got a dick all caps no spaces now
leave me alone this bottle of fine malt
liquor isn't going to finish itself off
love and always yours mr. dick well now
we're gonna we're going to complete the
dick challenge and have all the dicks
somewhere yes yes we are important that
we do this challenge for science okay
we've got dicks behind each ear this
might take a while we're going to we're
going to speed this up now now we know
the answer to the question how many
dicks can I take it once the answer is
surprisingly few oh there's another
thing at the bottom shits a dick
stickers anonymously send a giant
cardboard dick to anyone all right we
still have plenty of side boob to fill
with dick
all right we need at least three for the
mouth sky mur I love you you are
hilarious we're gonna try fit it oh oh
oh oh ho ho oh ho oh oh oh oh oh woah
yeah a lot of dicks last box oh man
somehow that's going to make for a great
thumbnail or some kind of amazing it's
like baked title for sure for sure oh
all right what could be in here I think
this is from a company I wanted to try
out let's see if I am correct beautiful
wrapping by the way ah yes we've got
puff me empower me by design me hair
calm I really wanted to try these two
things out to puff up my hair this one
is blow dry in a flash it literally
sucks up all of the water in your hair
to make your blow-dry like much faster
and this one is puffed me which is like
a volumizer for your hair that comes in
spray form pretty fucking awesome all
you have to do is spray a little bit
fluff it up I'm going to be posting my
mini review of this on Instagram so if
you wanna follow me on instagram at tara
Babcock's or design me hair at design me
hair hashtag designed me hair or check
them out at design dot me or design me
hair calm I appreciate the effort you
went through with packing and I
sincerely apologize the shoutout
involves me with tons of cardboard dicks
all over me
links in the description thank you guys
so much for everything you guys are
fucking amazing Skylar best ever very
personalized gift very appreciated like
the video and subscribe to the channel
if you guys enjoyed this give this video
a thumbs up if you enjoy the dicks all
over me and my hair and have a wonderful
fucking rest of your weekend
woah a little bit of extra fanservice to
apologize for the late upload well I
love you guys so
to remember of next week is the last FM
I will have videos for you guys the
entire time that I'm moving that's nine
videos three videos a week and I'm going
to be trying to stream while I'm moving
as well and taking video of the move and
the road trip let's thank you so much
you guys are amazing seriously I can't
say it enough
fucking awesome from that fucking frown
upside down because you deserve it
bye guys thumbnail time
