hey guys and welcome to a very special
video I want you guys to meet Eve so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want she's so cute
she's named after Evelyn from League of
Legends with Jace Terra champion and we
named her that because we named that
because we have like black carpets like
area rugs and she she Lea can't see her
at all and so we had to put this little
bell on her which like doesn't fit but
it's really cute
you can't see her because she's black
and she has dark eyes and she's really
quiet unless you ignore her but anyway
I'm gonna tell you guys the story of Eve
hopefully I'll be able to do it while
having a kitty cat on my chest which I
think it's very adorable I don't know if
she wants down I'm gonna put her on my
mat hey go baby girl I should stay with
me you don't want you don't want to be
in a video she doesn't want to be in the
video every oh now now louder yes yeah
I'm gonna mail for them so yesterday I
had an appointment with the ear nose and
throat doctor that was like the next
course of action for the sicknesses I've
been having if you guys don't know I've
been having like nausea headaches it's
just been really bad really debilitating
and it gets worse throughout the day so
it makes us said I can't work as long as
chant stream as long and it's pretty bad
so I got an MRI like you guys know and
then I saw my neurologist again and I
called him and he said that I have some
inflammation of the inner ear but
otherwise I was pretty fine so he
recommended me to this ENT which is your
nose and throat doctor in the area on
the way there okay so we're driving on
the 405 405 is what we call it here not
the 405 can you stay up here can you
stop being crazy usually she can't leave
me alone she like meow if she can't find
us with like walk around a corner and
she like no no no and she's like so
clingy the first night but now she was
sleeping on Jays on Jays lap as he was
playing League of Legends so cute but
anyway we're driving and I see this
little tiny black kitten we're going 60
miles an hour there's no traffic really
and I see this tiny
little black kitten you want down you
want to hear come on come on to Eve she
could fall Hey she's good
only she don't need to take out your
claws so rude let me see this little
tiny thing it was like something from a
Disney movie it was literally ridiculous
like it was this tiny little fluff ball
this little girl walking on the side of
the freeway with her head hanging low
walking really slow like it was some
kind of like animated character who had
humanized because of how sad she was and
how like sick and tired and lonely she
was I was like oh my god Jay there's a
kitten on the side of the road and she
was like I don't like one like he
thought it might be like roadkill or
something I'm like yes at a live one and
so we stopped on the side of the road
Jay is like running down the road I'm
like don't run because you're going to
scare her and he just keeps running and
so I start running after him I'm in
flip-flops I have like no makeup on I'm
wearing like leggings and I'm just on my
way to the doctor right and I'm thinking
oh my god fuck before late we have to
say this kitten but in the back of my
mind I'm thinking the entire time like
oh my god what if she freaks out and she
runs into the freeway like I don't even
know if I can handle that so my
hedonistic ways that only care for
myself I'm thinking like should we just
like try to put this cat out of our
minds because there's no way I'm going
to be okay if we scare her and I did
something wrong and trying to capture
her and she runs in front of a semi or
something and there's no way I can stop
it on the freeway it's like one of the
big freeways if you've ever lived in LA
it's the same freeway it goes all the
way down the coast it's the gigantic one
with like four lanes plus and that
everyone was whizzing by it was really
loud and Jay does I hear it and I'm like
you hear it because it's really loud in
the freeway and he's just looking around
there's nothing on the side of the road
anymore he looks in the bushes and you
can see her little eyes she's just
sitting in the bushes like Evelyn from
League of Legends just sitting there
quietly and I see her and she doesn't
look like she's freaking out she's kind
of just looking up like surrendering
herself really she was just like you
knew and her Muse kind of look at quack
it's like you're gonna mute for him
yeah just quiet when she's with me but
if I if I like to put her down and
ignore her what she will start meowing
maybe maybe she doesn't like the light
so much but anyway so I just grabbed the
grab her in the bush and I hold on to
her really firmly because I do not want
her running that's like my biggest fear
is that she's going to Rob into the
traffic or something and I'm like
grabbing her I just pull her out of the
bushes and I'm like hugging her and I'll
post the Instagram video
that I took well I had Jay take on the
way on the walk back to the car which
was like 1/4 of a mile I just saw I just
saw her hi bush
so tiny somebody stops me
what did you see here she's on the road
she was walking on the side of the road
just like so sad school it took us a
while to stop because freeway 60 miles
an hour you know it's like there's a
reaction time in there so we had to run
quite a ways to find her there was
nothing else around and I'm hoping that
we didn't leave like all of her brothers
and sisters and her mother and father or
something just like in the bushes
somewhere close by she was like fighting
me and being so cute in the car just
like trying to run around and she was
like really curious about the
environment and honestly this was such a
big deal for me I told you guys a lot of
you guys who know me better who've
watched a lot of my videos know that I
love animals it's like my favorite thing
it's the one thing that I can't always
think rationally about it's the one
thing I can't always be objective about
because I love animals so much it took
me a really long time to be able to talk
about veganism and vegetarianism
she's like falling over the chords it's
so cute
objectively without letting emotions
cloud my judgment so I can understand
where all of the really annoying vegans
and vegetarians come from and I love
animals of all kinds kittens puppies I
just never thought I would have one for
myself not only do I dislike change but
for me it's a huge deal
to take care of another living being and
this isn't the reason why I don't have
kids by the way I just really hate kids
have no maternal instinct all that stuff
but I love animals and I would love to
have like a barnyard full of animals as
long as they could take care of
themselves you know what I'm saying so
the decision for me to keep Eve has been
kind of a weird one because on one hand
it's so easy for me to give her up she's
of the age and she's adorable like
literally we took her to the pet the pet
place to buy food and stuff and we took
her with us like just in our arms and
everyone is literally like dying over
her there was a girl this like girl
about my age with like a big tattooed
boyfriend he was like tall and thin and
like had tattoos everywhere and like she
she turned her on she's obviously just
like freaked out and there was another
woman who was talking to us about it we
took her to Target and we put her in the
cart and a couple of Target employees
actually saw her and like took around
and started hugging her and she's like
messing with my toes now she's so cute
came back up yeah she would be so
adoptable right now anyway we got to the
the ent place and I had my appointment
so I told Jada hold her in the
are you gonna leave me again fine
whatever she has a hard time jumping
from that height it's very cute she like
almost lands on her face and the ENT
thing was like it's so annoying like
they didn't send over they didn't send
over my uh my MRI so I do like wait in
the waiting room for like a really long
time as they just like called the place
and hopes that the MRI would get over to
them it was really fucking annoying and
I was like stressed out cuz really hard
to find the place I'd like go up from
the elevators for where I was parked
into the lobby and I had to cross over
to a different set of elevators to get
there so I was like almost late and then
I was worried about the kitten and Jays
like should I Drive the kitten to the
vet because oh my god like her ribs and
her shoulder blades and her spine you
could just feel it what is she doing
what are you doing you could just feel
them like literally it was like she was
just skin and bones so we didn't want to
wait for me to have this hour-long
doctor's appointments I'm like Jay if
you can hold her and drive like two
miles to this there was like a cat
clinic I was like go ahead and do it I
sent him the address
she's like attacking all of my all of my
stuff and now my feet and I'm going to
try to keep my composure while I make
this video for you guys but anyway so he
takes her over there and I wish I was
there because apparently it was like a
bunch of women who really loved cats but
she was really cute and apparently they
guessed the Jay wouldn't want to keep
her they're like you don't want to keep
her right after he explained that he had
found her on the freeway and all that
stuff and he was like no I want to keep
her right there he made the decision but
we could always go back and give her to
them and she would definitely be
adoptable we could take her to a no-kill
shelter there's actually a place that I
follow on Instagram has like 400 K
followers in Seattle it's called foster
kittens or something like that and they
have just like tons of kittens just like
her that are in need of a current foster
home and she would have so many people
to play with people by people I mean
cats but also people but anyway I just
I'm very uncomfortable with the idea of
changing my lifestyle to make sure that
I'm taking care of another living thing
I feel like I wouldn't be good at it I
feel like it would be trial and error
and maybe I will do something wrong like
giving her bottled water supposedly
isn't good or maybe there'll be some
like cosmetics she gets into I don't
have a cat proof house and all these
things were going through my head
although I can't be
as easily travela Balazs chill as I am I
have to spend more time with her and I
just don't feel like I'm a good person
for that job I feel like I feel like
that's just something that I'm not
equipped for and I wasn't ready for so
it's kind of weird that I made this
decision because I knew if anything like
this ever happened I would just give her
to my parents which my parents won't
take her that's the one place I would
give her and I could like ask my friends
in the in the area you know I have a
friend who has like a kid who's pretty
young and might benefit from growing up
with a kitten it would be really cute or
you know I have some like the female
friends here from high school that might
take her why am i deciding to keep her I
don't even really understand the
decision myself it could be really hard
to move with her she really hates being
in the carrier it was so cute we got her
a carrier from the cat care place and
she's like yes Mass Malik the entire
time stop playing with my feet like the
entire time she was just meowing and
hating it so much she hates it when we
leave her alone we can't leave her alone
she's literally like meowing all the
time that's another thing it was just so
wonderful last night like on the couch
we were playing for Sona five because I
took the day off to like get her
acquainted with the house and stuff and
we went and bought her like this
self-cleaning cat poops area thing
whatever the fuck we bought cat supplies
right and when we went to bed she
actually was like sleeping in between us
and she found a way to walk up onto the
bed over the clothes that I have piled
next to the bed so fucking cute and I
actually have like a terribly sore neck
today because I was sleeping on my back
so I don't roll over on her I was like
really afraid to hurt her because she's
so tiny and so delicate and then I was
sleeping with my head like completely to
one side and now I can't even like turn
my neck this way it's pretty bad but
yeah I don't know I don't know why I'm
keeping her other than the fact that I'm
just like pretty attached to her I think
she's adorable it's crazy to find such
an intact fluffy adorable kitten with
nothing apparently wrong with her she
was like really soft too it was like who
the fuck leaves kittens on the side of
the road there's no way that she
survived being born outside and then
grew up outside and still had such soft
fur and was still so clean it doesn't
seem like she has fleas even though
today we gave her a bath would don't
soap I didn't see any fleas rushing to
her head as I got her body wet or
anything like that she doesn't seem to
be itching a little bit
so we'll see I don't know she's just
like crazy adorable like the most
adorable thing ever she's perfect but
she is going to be a burden and I don't
know how I'm going to handle that I
don't know if the burden is gonna be
outweighed by how much I love her and
how amazing she is and how much of a
stress reliever she is she's going to be
another expense each month she's going
to be another thing I have to move and
be careful with while moving like this
is a road trip we're going to be taking
that's going to be uncomfortable for J
and I how is she gonna feel it's all
just another weird variable that I'm
very nervous about and I wouldn't have
chosen but now I'm choosing to keep her
and it's really weird I don't know can
you get up here oh come on baby get here
come on jump hard come on you can do
this alright it has been three days
since I got pretty little easier and we
would like to give you an update pretty
much all of my apprehensions about
keeping this kitty are gone I want to
keep her forever even though she is much
more trouble than she's worth
she shits and then steps in it okay it's
the worst thing ever
I understand that she hasn't had anyone
to teach her that that's not okay
and that's not how kittens behave but
then after she steps in the shit she
walks on J and she walks on me and she
doesn't like it when I use the kitty
wipes to get it off of her fur and she
doesn't like making videos with me for
some reason fine you can go down anyway
we took her to the vet today and she's
still 2 weeks too young to get her
vaccinations so we're taking her back in
two weeks but she seems to be in good
health the discharge around her eyes
which I think could be some kind of
conjunctivitis or some viral thing they
don't seem to be too worried about it so
it doesn't clear up in the two weeks
they will give her some antibiotics but
she is just fucking adorable I really
like the apprehensions it's so weird the
the feeling of like oh I don't want this
responsibility what if something happens
to her it's going to destroy me like
that's still there but all of the like
oh my god it's going to be a dirtier
house oh my god I have to deal with
buying some more stuff although it is a
financial strain it's like worth it to
me I don't know and I've just been
feeling like it's true that pets really
do really do make you less stressed and
more happy so anything has ever stressed
me or if I'm feeling like there's a lot
of work to do
or even
I like have to stop doing work to play
with her because she's bothering me I
was worried that she would be way too
clingy for way too many months and not
allow me to make any videos but honestly
she has just been a great boon to my
content because who doesn't like to look
at an adorable little kitten rate all
that aside and all the stresses that she
might bring I'm just happy that she's
here and I love her so much and I can't
imagine her going anywhere else like if
my mom were to say like hey I'll take
her now I was like absolutely fucking
not so without further ado
now that you've known Eve and I've had
Eve for three days I'd like to show you
guys a few clips that have taken over
the last three days of her how fucking
adorable she is some of which are on
Instagram but maybe not in full or
without or without audio and she is such
a treasure like just like saying
something as a treasure makes me feel
like an old cat lady but she's just
fucking the best thing ever she's my
princess if you guys have any tips for a
new baby kitten especially a kitten who
isn't trained or doesn't have a mommy to
teach her like what I should do with the
litter box if you can give me litter box
tips that would be fucking amazing
because I honestly don't really know
what I'm doing I'm kind of just going
off of what I find on Google and little
tips that my mom has given me and stuff
but other than that I don't know I'm
just doing my best we have an automated
litter box but the bristles the grab the
poop don't seem to be close enough and
sometimes I get stuck on the bristles
and I feel like part of the reason why
she's stepping in her poop or fleeing it
everywhere is because there's no cover
could be baby and because there still
might be little kernels of poop stuck in
there because the automation isn't doing
that great so I don't know anything
helps any tips for kittens I hope you
enjoyed the extra footage of Eve and I
hope it makes you smile she will be
whenever she bothers me a constant
fixture in my videos from now on my
Instagram and my livestream she's been
on my live stream a lot she likes to
sleep on the table or walk on my
keyboard while I'm playing games or lay
in my lap and sleep or lay in Jays lap
no II eat no II you know this is Eve
while I'm streaming this is watching
here you are you what what how do you
want what's she doing what are you doing
craziest fuck
- fuck you on drugs cat you're on the
drugs scares on the drugs what you doing
Sanna no kitty she's so tired her head
fell back
hey caption that's the kid good no not
comfy
what you doin easy trying to hide each
other's life you like my BDSM with what
happened when you sing what happened oh
it's too big for her so here's you
started playing the music oh my god
here's sister retard oh okay you can't
strain with this kitty buddy
I love you guys thank you so much and
thank you for all the kind words and
supports and comments on her pictures
and everything it's been great hi Eve if
come she loves this whip this is a sex
whip but she loves it
say buddies you do that
