hey guys today we're finally going to
define what I call rapist attractive
we're going to talk in depth about my
rape fantasies we're going to talk about
why people have rape fantasies and we're
going to talk about how mine differ from
other people's and why sounds fun let's
do it this is a great first video to
watch if you've never seen one of my
videos before totally so who cares why
not do your own thing and let them say
what they want before we get started I'm
going to throw a trigger warning in
there not because I care about your
feelings or anything like that but
because I want to make all the people
who come in just suppose something like
oh my god talking about rape in this way
is offensive or oh my god I've been
raped and this is so not cool
redundant and hopefully feel pretty
stupid for doing so with this trigger
warning placed firmly in the front of
the video I am here on my own personal
platform which you can choose not to
click on and not to watch talking about
my own personal honest preferences and
opinions and I would never think to go
on someone else's page or go on like
rape victims anonymous and post my video
in order to troll people nor would I go
on someone's page who says that rape
fantasies are not okay until he or she
that they are not allowed to post their
content or voice their opinions
alright we got all that bullshit out of
the way let's have some fucking fun okay
so I've been asked to do this video for
a long time anytime I pull my patrons or
my viewers on what video I should record
next I have like a list of things in my
phone that I want to record topics that
have thought about things that I have on
my mind things that make me different or
things are just taboo that I'd like to
talk about because other people don't
talk about and one of those things is
rapists attractive everyone on patreon
always chooses that when it's always in
the top three but I always thought I
would do a bad job and I've been
thinking about it all day the topic that
is not the rape fantasies although you
know they kind of go hand in hand so yes
I have been thinking about rape
fantasies but anyway I've been thinking
about it and when I tend to think about
a topic I tend to do it better because
I've thought it out in my head over and
over again what I'm going to say what I
want to talk about things I don't want
to leave out so let's start with what I
define as rapists attractive I define
someone rapists attractive and this is
going to sound silly but it's totally
not it's something I actually do when
they're kind of attractive not repulsive
but not attractive enough for me to want
to pursue them they're not like super
hot where I want to like actually try
have a sexual relationship with the
person as you guys know I prefer to just
do the whole casual sex thing with
friends that I trust rather than
actually going out on date so when I
like a guy or when I think a guy's
really hot I'll just say hey you're hot
want to fuck or hey we should be friends
and then get to know them a little bit
then spring the whole want to fuck on
them when I see a guy in TV or a guy
that I know in real life whether it's
from like magic or modeling or YouTube
and he's like particularly my type I
don't have to have him but if you raped
me
I wouldn't mind that's rapist attractive
now I know what a lot of you would say
no matter who raped you no matter how
hot they are you wouldn't enjoy it no
matter what I've heard this so many
fucking times I've heard this in
refutation to people having sexual
fantasies of rape which makes no sense
because later I'm going to explain to
you why people do have rape fantasies
why many women have rate fantasies and
why men although they suppress it and
don't talk about it as much do have
fantasies to control women as well or to
even be raped themselves but since its
kind of relevant now I'm going to leave
you with this fantasy is completely
different than reality that's what makes
it fantasy that's what makes it so fun
that's what makes it safe that being
said if Ben Affleck rapes me like let's
say I was in a bar somewhere or at a
club right an event or something and Ben
Affleck started talking to me and he
lets say he watched my video or he
didn't and he didn't know who I was and
he happened to be some guy who was
inclined to rape women and he raped me I
would 100% enjoy it so obviously I'm a
person that admits that I could always
be wrong and I don't know anything for a
hundred percent certainty and anything
can always happen but out of all of the
things that I know this is one of the
things that I know the most honestly
thinking about it let's say Ben Affleck
was like a super murderous rapist like I
thought I was going to die as well I
feel like that's a pretty good way to
die I'm not necessarily afraid of death
I'm not suicidal either I do want to
live I enjoy every moment of living but
we all have to die someday and after we
die it's just nothingness so there's not
really anything to be afraid of from my
point of view as a person who's going to
die
other than the pain the very short lived
probably and hopefully pain leading up
to the death now I've always thought it
would be amazing to die having sex with
a vampire who then bites my neck
bleeds me dry and I just die in like
this pit of ecstasy and blood loss and
anemia I feel like dying after being
raped by Ben Affleck with his hands
around my neck would probably trump that
one I told you guys my team keeps I'll
hold on why you fallin cheep-cheep
what's your problem okay so let's talk
about why people have sexual fetishes in
the first place and don't act like you
don't have some because I know you have
something most people do it's a hundred
percent normal and it's a hundred
percent logical well at least 90 percent
logical yes these numbers are pulled out
of my ass
so sexual fetish is actually stemmed
from people's fears anxieties things
that they don't get to do things that
they've always wanted to do but aren't
realistic in real life for instance if
you're super afraid of the cops or you
have an issue with authority you might
be really into your girl or guy
role-playing as a sexy cop if you have
kind of a subconscious fear of going to
the doctor you might really really like
a sexy nurse and as most women are if
you're afraid of rape you might have a
rape fetish other reasons women might
have a rape fetish is more of a
submissive thing people are often
submissive in bed because they're so
dominant in real life I think this is
kind of the case for me I have so much
social power and I'm so strong that I
really like a man who can dominate me in
bed because that's not something that
people can usually do in real life
people usually have less of a strong
personality than I do or they're kind of
afraid to come up to me and role
reversal can be really fun so sexual
fetishes are a way to safely be
vulnerable with someone you care about
that you trust but here's where the
catch-22 with rape fetishes comes in for
most women feel like I'm doing this too
much and I like I'm teaching you this
kind of way obviously I don't need to
tell you guys something for yourselves
and if you disagree with me that's
completely fine posted in the comments
anyway the catch-22 with rape fantasies
often is that the women requires the not
knowing of the rape the exhilaration of
being caught off guard and not knowing
if they'll be able to escape the
situation so the more they're familiar
with their partner and the more that
they set up the rape the less sexy and
erotic and like the fantasies that they
want it is but for me I would be totally
fine with the guy I am with knowing that
it's a rape fantasy and simulating the
rape it's more the submission thing for
me definitely so I would be totally fine
with a partner or someone that I'm
having sex with at the moment telling
them to find me in an alley
and grabbed me hit me and then I try to
fight back I've been wanting to find
someone who would be willing to give it
like a 90 percent effort in trying to
rape me while I fight back I'm going to
give a few spoilers letting you know
right now from 13 reasons wives you guys
actually want to watch that show skip to
the timestamp from screen right now you
don't get any of the spoilers so in 13
reasons why there's a guy named Bryce
and Bryce ends up raping a girl who's
like half asleep the Maine girls like ex
best friends and then raping the main
girl and when he rapes the main girl
it's like in a jacuzzi and the main girl
doesn't even fight back he kind of just
like pulled him toward her and then
she's like I don't really want it and
then he just kind of pushes her head
down and just fucks her and she just
like lets the light drain out of her
eyes and she's just like oh I'm giving
up I'm not even going to try to fight
back which is whatever by that point and
her little tiny teenage brain she was
such a shell of a person anyway what I
would have done and how I would have
actually enjoyed that Bryce rape as I
would have fought back and I would have
turned around and been like make me and
we would have made it into like this fun
consensual rape thing even though he had
intended to rape me in the first place
if I were in high school and Bryce raped
me yeah he's raped us attractive he
looks a little fat in the face but he's
kind of hot and honestly in that show he
was like my comedic relief from all the
really really bad writing and bullshit
that was in that show moving on
so my rape fantasies are less about the
unknown although it would be really cool
to see a guy from far away and be like
yeah I would fuck that guy he's rapists
attractive and that he ends up actually
raping me this happened to me once
actually had this fantasy about this at
Prague power a few years ago he was a
singer and one of the bands I forget the
band it was one of the smaller bands but
he was like pretty hot and I think it
was a German band and he had his
girlfriend there with him there wasn't
that attractive not like I am Sarah much
higher than her you know that thing that
women do I do it way less maliciously
like I would totally like have words
like come on join just join but
obviously as someone who's biologically
and psychologically programmed to have
every woman be my competition in the
mating I just kind of assess the
situation like can I get to that guy am
i attractive witty funny cool enough the
answer is almost I was yes anyway so we
were at the after-party or something and
I was alone and Jay and the photographer
I was with and some other friends they
were out like ordering pizza or
something
and I saw him go into the bathroom and
then like my rape fantasy radar just
switched on and I was like oh my god if
I went over there and stood by the
bathroom and just looked like really
sexy and then he just like grabbed me by
the throat and pushed me up against the
wall and like kissed me and like stuck
his dick and fucked me I'm like oh no
please whatever will I do I just thought
that would have been so hot and so much
fun oh it's so hot in here
or maybe it's just the rape fantasy talk
anyway I would have been totally down
with that situation honestly I think
it's really important to talk about her
sexual fetishes to normalize them a
little bit because everyone has them and
everyone has a psychological and logical
understandable reason why they want
these things role playing is great
trying things out is great especially if
you can find a partner who's willing to
do it in a safe environment and my
honesty I'm such a big platform on such
a matter does put me at a slight risk
but most people don't want to go to jail
if I happen to be lying armed or with
Jay someone who could overpower them so
I feel pretty safe honestly I feel like
I can go up to a guy who's watched all
my videos and knows my personality and
knows what I like sexually tell him to
come initiate a rape and he would still
be too afraid to do in this political
and social climate where everyone's a
rapist and I would totally be in the
right if I were to cry rape cry wolf
rape you know what I mean so yeah for me
the fact that I'm so dominant in real
life the fact that I like submission in
bed the fact that I like a guy who's
manly enough to dominate me and who
looks masculine enough to just
completely decimate me someone who wants
me bad enough to fuck me that hard and
to risk that much and someone who's the
least racist attractive all of these
things are a huge turn-on to me in bed
and I would love to find someone who
would allow me to punch them and kick
them and tighten my pussy hole in their
dick to like pin hole amounts that would
be a pretty fucking cool partner to have
Jay does not derive any sexual pleasure
from me hitting him or inflicting any
physical violence on him I know there
are guys out there that are fine with
being punched in bed and stuff like that
and I feel like it would be cool but
hard to find someone who likes to be
punched in bed or likes physical pain
isn't a submissive themselves--and would
be dominant on me enough to be willing
to enact a rape scene and then also be
at least rapist attractive because there
are some people that are so repulsive I
wouldn't let them anywhere near me
should not be fooled I am still very
picky about who I would and
would call at least rapists attractive
and then I also wanted to talk a little
bit about the stigma around sexual
fetishes and to explain a little bit
where it comes from few guys can
introspect a little bit and figure out
why you like the things that you like
I'm not quite sure
honestly why people like feet I feel
like it has something to do with the
curves and the arches or maybe it's a
submissive thing as well sometimes stuff
like my lips fetish for big lips maybe
it's just an aesthetic we have something
we acquired from our environment maybe
someone who had really really nice lips
was really nice to us when we were
younger we're all the products of who we
are on the inside and our environment
and there's nothing wrong with that as
long as you have a healthy outlook about
it and you have a healthy way of dealing
with it like you're not going around
raping people if you have a rape fetish
and I obviously find it funny because a
lot of people who have rape fetishes are
feminists because they're so curious
about the other end of the spectrum or
the thing that they're so afraid of I
actually watched a video a while back I
don't remember the name of the video but
there are a bunch of feminists talking
candidly about how they feel ashamed to
have rape fantasies when it shouldn't be
a shameful thing at all and honestly I
think the inversion people have to the
whole Ben Affleck raping me situation
why most people wouldn't be okay with
their favorite celebrities that they've
been wanting to fuck for ages raping
them is because when they have crushes
on celebrities they're thinking I hope
this person is exactly the way I
envisioned them mentally I hope they
will be great husbands or boyfriends or
girlfriends or wives that they would be
kind and generous and great people and a
lot of that is the reason why they find
them attractive not necessarily their
looks but the way I'm wired I could not
give two shits it's Ben Affleck as a
rapist or a bad person I just want to
fuck him I am NOT trying to date him
another reason why I want to simulated
rape like an actual we both try he tries
to rape I try to get away and because I
actually want to know how strong I am
and I was possible for a man to stay
hard while keeping my legs and arms down
not fucking up his balls because I
happen to meet him in the ball or
getting his dick topped off somehow like
with my mouth or my Kegel muscles of
Steel how do you keep an erection during
that you must really love lamenting
women I'd imagine honestly that if I was
being raped and I was like oh yeah baby
just do it to me oh yes and it would be
turned off and they would get limp and
they would just leave me alone
I've also jokingly said that if you ever
get raped just shit on the dick rape
jokes
my favorite anyway I feel like nobody
can rape me because aside from the fact
that I carry weapons all the time and I
J with me I'm Way more willing to kill
than most people take that as you will
and I'm a serious level all of this that
I talked about today is probably why I
can't see rape as the worst thing that
could ever happen to me
like yes if an ugly guy raped me or if
he hurt me or scarred me or was going to
kill me it would be the hurting and
scarring that would be a bigger deal not
the violation of my body my body is not
there for anyone to touch contrary to
popular belief I am NOT a slut and I do
not sleep around and I'm pretty
exclusive and pretty picky with who I
allow into my vagina and who I find
attractive it would be gross it would be
violating I would feel pretty weird for
a while
I would definitely press charges but in
my opinion there are things so much
worse and if that's not your opinion if
that's something that would hurt you the
most in the world that's completely fine
to each his own people have different
sensibilities they have different things
that hurt them offend them and what you
should do is protect yourself against
the things that would hurt you the most
and not judge other people for things
that would or wouldn't hurt them we
might not be able to gauge people's
emotions on a scale because it's a
personal event that we can't actually
witness inside the brain but if
something happens and it sucks for you
and it hurts you especially deeply like
it does for most rape victims I'm sorry
that that happened to you
and if you're one of those victims or
one of those people that's eternally
offended at things like rape jokes and
you're still watching this video shame
on you stop expecting other people
especially strangers on their own
platforms which they are entitled to
have to protect your mental stability if
you're going through something right now
you shouldn't be on the internet looking
at rape videos especially ones the poke
fun at it or talk about it lightly like
this
protect yourself instead of acting like
you're entitled to everyone else doing
it for you alright guys let me know what
you think about this I have a feeling
this one's going to get a lot of
dislikes but it's also going to be
really popular amongst the people who
actually like me talking candidly about
these kinds of things if you enjoyed
please like the video and subscribe to
the channel there will be two more
videos here on the right but I really do
want to know if you guys have rape
fetish of any kind if you're more like
me or if you're more like the norm where
you would never want to be raised by
anyone even if you thought the guy was
hot or girl unless you thought it was in
a controlled setting and if it is in a
controlled setting with someone that you
trust does that take some of the magic
away from the fantasies let me know I
would love to hear from all of you what
thank you so much for watching I hope
you guys enjoyed this and I hope I'm
still fulfilling the wow that wasn't
clickbait quota as well as making
think about psychology a little bit
along the way with Libra to attest and
service e-content
bye guys I love you thank you so much
for the support and watching I'd like to
think of us as one big community of
DeGeneres we all have a little
degeneracy inside of us some more than
others
what bye guys
