my pussy pussy do you like my pussy so
who cares why not do your own thing and
let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to a new episode of Friday night
mail the show that happens every single
Friday unless I fuck up and it's on
Saturday or in a nice couple weeks it
might not be around for a few weeks
because I'm moving but otherwise it's
here every Friday to pick up your
fucking weekend right before the weekend
start and let you guys know that Friday
is fan Friday they were I show you guys
how fucking appreciative I am because I
love each and every one of you for
showing support by watching my channel
commenting liking disliking just
spending time a moment of your day on
Tara okay so that sounded a little bit
narcissistic but I do really really
appreciate all of your support even if
it's kind of anti support that kind of
sociopathic hate that turns you into a
fan by proxy because you end up watching
all of my videos anyway thank you this
video also serves to remind you guys
that yes fanservice Friday still happens
and it's over on patreon for $1
patreon.com slash Tara Babcock if you
want to support the channel and get some
fanservice or some other rewards anyway
no more shameless self promo even though
it is on my channel and I can do what I
want with my channel you know I'm saying
this week's giveaway winner of the very
lame $25 Amazon gift card is NIC M
congratulations Nick and you are fucking
awesome it's always nice to see familiar
faces AKA familiar usernames winning the
giveaway and if you're a twenty dollar
patron on patreon you might actually be
a familiar face or a familiar dick yeah
a lot of people use my selfie reviews as
dick reviews I'm not complaining we have
two questions this week because we have
a lot of shit this week I don't know
where all this shit came from I'm moving
soon this isn't good stop it guys but no
seriously I really appreciate it it
makes me feel like a fucking schoolgirl
every time I go to the PIO box and I
have a bunch of stuff and by a
schoolgirl I mean like I'm giddy like a
schoolgirl like I can't control my
emotions and everything's just great
it's like Christmas morning so thank you
all so before we get into these
questions a few things have happened
since we last spoke I will be having a
full video on my new kitten but I do
have a kitten I did not choose to get a
kitten I know I said I would ever get
any kind of pet but I just happened it
was dropped into my life and unlike a
human baby I actually like kitten
babies and animal babies well see if I
can find her for you guys I'll be right
back
Eve where are you this is my little baby
e she doesn't like the bright lights and
she doesn't like to be in videos but you
will get to see her and I'll introduce
her in a video soon it'll probably be on
Tuesday so you guys want to know how I
came to find this little cutie pie there
were so much in other news I was also
approved for the house that I wanted
even though I have Eve even though they
said there can be no pets so I'm pretty
hyped about that as well everything
except for the saving money part and
feeling comfortable in my finances has
been going well okay all the important
stuff is going well so I'm happy
all right end of that little update now
that I brought you here she's going to
be bothering me the whole fucking video
it's a wonderful wonderful burden first
question is from Armitage Tempest he
says if you could become a God in any
video game universe which would you
choose if I could become a God in a
video game universe that means that I
can control everything that everyone in
the video game does well obviously I
always just want to say Mortal Kombat
because then I get to choose the Shao
Kahn is resurrected and it's no longer
dead and then confess my brains out but
I really I'm inclined I was thinking
about this earlier and I'm just inclined
to say life is strange by the way we are
getting a second season of life is
strange so excited but anyway I just
felt like a lot of the shit that Max and
Chloe did even though there was choice
and the choices did change the outcome I
didn't like either of the choices first
of all I wanted one of the endings to be
me riding off into the sunset with
Warren and just letting Chloe die
you guys haven't played this game yet
you have to and I'm sorry for spoilers
anyway moving on what are you doing
Eve okay second question Timothy McClure
says hey Tara question who would you
fuck from all of these number one anime
literally all the girls in anime they're
just like all hot but for guys my first
anime crush was James from Team Rocket
from Pokemon I was very young when I had
this crush and oh my god I just wanted
more than anything in the world for him
to be real so I just fuck his brains out
I wanted to be Jesse and I wanted Jesse
to fuck him so I could live through her
vicariously I don't even think back then
we had like a rampant amount of hentai
on the internet or even if the internet
was that big I just remember Ebaum's
world when I was that young but now I
have to say Irwin from attack on
I know spoilers I haven't started the
second season but I do know a few things
that happen in the manga next we have
movies we all know that anything that
Benedict Cumberbatch or Ben Affleck are
in I would fuck them in those scenes
music Corey Taylor or the whole of
Slipknot and in real life
well shit Jay Benedict Cumberbatch Ben
Affleck in real life as well and why are
you scratching the carpet this is what I
have to deal with while I'm making a
video now yeah what are you doing this
is me this is Eve you are so cute and
tiny what so cute okay back to the video
so yeah there's a lot of people out
fucking all of these genres budge give
you a little taste if you're new here
welcome to the Terry Babcock channel of
debauchery will really about sex sexual
fetishes people we want to fuck games
music movies and pretty much everything
else under the Sun that would entertain
or be talked for okay
subscribe now that I have a kitten one
of the burdens of having a kitten is
when I open boxes I can't just leave
this open and just throw it across the
room because I might hurt cute little
Eve so I have to be careful where I
throw the shrapnel that comes from all
of my packages also before we get
started I want to make everyone aware
that I am wearing a onesie and any time
I do wear ones that we have to do a
little bit of a twirl around so let's go
ahead and do that
my pussy pussy
do you like my pussy okay moving on
oh my god these socks what are these
fucking socks okay we have a note I'm so
happy that we have a note hi Kara
finally got paid so I thought I'd treat
you with three different sets of amazing
socks and some really cool blood-stained
leggings
hope you like them from Adam derpy derpy
you didn't have to do that you're so
sweet
oh my god and we're also going to show
you with blood because last time I got
socks I didn't put them on and then I
made everyone sad all the foot fetish
people at least so we've got Mario socks
Mario socks very good anime socks and my
socks very good and last but certainly
not the fuck least pokemon socks pokemon
starter socks to be specific I say who
makes a match okay so first we have
Charmander and squirtle oh yes
Charmander and squirtle
oh yes she's gonna pounce on me or not
guess not and next we have
Psyduck and Pikachu maybe she wasn't so
cute because I have the little ears here
like just taking two years on the side
of my ankles so fucking cute also how
cute is his face the cutest face Oh
gonna sniff I think Vlad and you were
finally acquainted anyway I'm gonna be
doing this all day if I do every single
pair of socks Thank You Derby you are
fucking amazing what you are wonderful
you don't have to spoil me so much just
because you have an income now seriously
but I am eternally grateful for you
doing so you made my Friday sir are
these the leggings are these the
leggings that you were talking about oh
my god it's a bag inside of a bag
blood-stained leggings we got him I
guess we're just gonna have to do
leggings over a onesie and see how that
works
oh yes yes I always welcome a good blood
stain pattern whether real or just
printed you know I mean ha ha ha
guys guys I think I've started my period
how sexy one oh yes it's even more fun
taking them off Thank You Derby
they're awesome I knew I shouldn't have
worn a onesie for a Friday night mail
when I'm probably going to get things I
have to put on the blood is epics
nonetheless you are awesome derpy I'm
going to be linking Derpy's with twitch
channel or the twitch channel that he
streams from most frequently now in the
descriptions that you want to check them
out feel free to do so he's on my stream
team okay the people that I host if I'm
not online but they are on twitch next
we have something I don't know what it
is
hi there thank you for showing my
friends the stupid review sticker his
show not mine I'm a fan of his thanks
here the copy of a fav movie of mine
iron sky it's about moon Nazis from
Stuart oh my god Stuart Stuart you don't
even know how much I'm fucking love this
movie and how much J absolutely despises
it oh my god this movie is like a
literal thing from fantasies like all
the Nazis in it are hot and there's like
a black Nazi or something and it's just
like wow such a fucking good bad movie
I can't harp on it enough how awesome
this gift is and how fucking thoughtful
you are sir oh man it's the director's
cut too this is great alright next we
have something big long and hard from
Shaw fuck even though it's raining stuff
that can probably kill you oh god I hate
this packaging cushion mailer why
doesn't happen to me here oh my god it
skin all over the house oh god how do I
open this like properly what's the best
way to open these it doesn't result in
my death in the death of my kittens Eve
you gotta mow Eve you gotta leave
I'll be right back I actually have to go
open this over the garbage can throw all
over my kitten now fuck okay so after
throwing the mailer away and cleaning
off my kitten which still isn't clean
and has a bunch of that dust on her like
a troll package I swear those things I
always forget until I open it what it is
I discovered that Shawn Black has sent
me as the most amazing fucking thing
ever this is the original trilogy of
Star Wars a graphic novel I can see why
you would want to send it in a cushioned
mailer let's take a look at this book
because it looks amazing the art style
is so cute I mean look at Chewie oh my
god r2d2 is a groupie poop oh this is
going to be great thank you so much Sean
this is so sick I crazy appreciate this
this is like one of the coolest things
ever
some time ago in a galaxy far far away
everyone's favorite ale good-versus-evil
takes on a whole new look in this
graphic novel Thank You Sean a long long
time ago no no no no no no no I know
that's going to go in like a singing
portion of shit Sara says if I continue
on with that flushes move on from here
now we've got four boxes four boxes in
which I have to open with my okay not a
letter opener what a blocks opener oh
man we've got a note oh it's from
Melanie Oh God
a gift for my muse I used to think
people who sent out gifts for weirdos
but here I'm fangirling oh you've
touched so many of us in a profound way
and I'm so grateful for your content and
your ass Wow way to go and just make
what are you touch on that don't scratch
on that way to go and make something so
sweet so much more epic I couldn't even
hold a straight face like that trying to
reprimand you for talking about my ass
thank you girl dude what the fuck
whoa job babe what the fuck oh man okay
so first things first we got to put on
our blowjob bib this is actually
something that I want to put on Jay's
bald Jos complains that I'm too sloppy
and then I dripped stuff down his balls
but I've here I've got a blowjob bib so
we're good now this is not a blowjob
babe ladies and gentlemen this is a hide
the titties from the viewers bib I
should like tuck it in my titties
there's my blowjob bib to catch the
spittle and we've got oh my god we've
got a feisty unicorn I scared the shit
out of Jay with this thing well the
first one that you got me into cats so
just for a little background these
things look very sweet and very cute and
then they're evil I don't think she
gives up Thank You Melanie
I've got a unicorn now I swear in
legends they would be like the sweetest
coolest most majestic creatures but in
actuality too like demons
oh-ho yeah I think she needs a blowjob
bib Melanie I love you you're so sweet
and kind and adorable and sexy mmm
Melanie thank you for engaging in
conversation with me on discord and
thank you for just being overall awesome
should we should we turn the blowjob bib
to the side maybe I need to blowjob dibs
one for each shoulder and then I can do
like the double blowjob like
hahahahahaha thing they're like shoulder
pads this is what I would make my armor
out of like if I needed armor to go into
battle it would be blowjob bibs on both
sides soap in the package tear and close
your mouth Almighty Sports with Jesus
let me read the note first a blank no no
big deal
assuming this is from Donald Donald I
saw that you got the drum set for Leah
too and I'm just feeling like betrayed a
little bit oh my god what would Jesus
wear magnet dress-ups I've talked about
magnetic dress ups before you can make
it more like the most ridiculous shit oh
shit this is going to be fun we have a
need for Vlad its dunk mastered arias
skin but Jesus what is going on between
my thighs what are you doing what the
hell oh man the holy bowler it's
basically just like teaching you how to
bowl the Hail Mary Mother of grace pass
this is pretty fucking great thank you
who I assumed to be Donald can't wait to
see in Lea's unboxing video fucking
traitor
okay I can't blame you Leah's hot and
she has a lot more space to see your
ridiculous gifts to their full potential
we've got our Jesus of Nazareth
mix-and-match this is actually going to
be amazing for when I moved to Vegas and
have a new fridge I can put any number
of these things on Jesus oh my god I
think Jesus we've got to put him in the
goat suits Oh what would I do chain oh
God please one moment we're going to
assemble my Jesus and I will show him
off alright guys here's my Jesus with a
sombrero got a little bit of like I
don't know bizarro if it's like
blackface what would I do holding a fish
and a lamb suit oh why are you touching
my vagina cat oh this is amazing
thank you so much this is going to be so
fun when my landlord comes over to
inspect my new house and how I've
decorated it you want us to do okay
she's going to sit in my lap because
she's being a baby you guys stay here if
you're gonna cry like a little bitch all
right we've got one more box or two more
boxes actually my bed and all you're
gonna jump down now Wow Wow you want up
here so bad but then you can't
the lap when you get the lab hi ter I
thought you could use this not from
Donnell very sexually yours Lucas Taylor
Lucas Taylor like if Donald I I used my
CIA operative skills to decipher treat
me like the slut I am this goes very
well with Melanie's blowjob bibs I must
say so good also I look quite good in
hat if I don't do so myself
I think we've completed the whole Tara
cosplay you guys are great you guys are
talking so great I don't know how you
managed to every video do you like the
perfect mix of things that I want and
things that I need these things it is
not lost on me that I just pointed a box
cutter at myself barely holding on to it
awesome LMT I'm sure this cute gift will
be useful for your new house - lovely
LMT these pillows will look nice in your
new house what wizard burlap sack
Robert um these are burlap sack Robert
um are they supposed to be oh they are
supposed to be fucking spirited away
pillows okay cute cat bless their cute
even though they're a burlap and he was
going to tear the shit out of them they
are cute I admit but what is this Totoro
coat rack we have to see this are their
kittens in the way Oh rip it open
awesome my neighbor totoro bus table and
I can hang all like my bras this is
totally my bra hanger oh my god what are
you doing stop that oh she's scared I'm
sorry he's come here thank you guys so
much thank you for everything you guys
are fucking amazing you have made my
night
a night that has already been made by
guys thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed this video like the video and
subscribe to the channel if you did
there are two videos over here on the
right which you can watch don't forget
to watch my last video which is my shit
Tara says video so good oh my god Armand
did an amazing job on it and I want to
thank everyone who has contributed today
- Friday night male you guys are fucking
amazing hilarious and thoughtful
comedian
that means
Phoebe on behalf of little Yves and
myself thank you so much for watching
and I hope you enjoyed this video why
okay you can go bye
