so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hi guys
welcome to a new episode of shit Tara
says this week's rendition is created by
Armand Kay one of the cutest underage
boys I know our Maya is already
extremely talented at editing videos and
he has a great sense of humor so you
guys are going to love this if you like
Clips like this as well as going back
through some of the fanservice
stay tuned and watch this video it's
really well done there's a bunch of Tara
topics in here I personally like always
when I love a shit Tara says laughs like
a narcissist so I think you guys will
enjoy the humor in this video too
it's been a while since I've posted one
of these so I will remind you that this
is a fan-made series that you guys want
to submit your own feel free I give you
guys the email to do so in the
description these are basically just
compilations of things I've said in
different videos taken out of context to
be extra extra hilarious so without
further ado thank you Armand my favorite
piece of jailbait let's get this show on
the road enjoy oh and by the way all of
our mom's links as well as his previous
two terraces episodes will be in the
description check them out an artist too
it's like prairie-dogging your shit you
know like going boot up box this is so
gross watch but it put it yeah number
one
we're going to be taste testing candy
from New Zealand / Australia disgusting
flavored condoms high-protein vegan
cookies Goodhead Kit Kats from Japan now
these cooking kick-ass or weird flavor
literally any time I get something
chocolaty J gets into it and then eats
almost all of it and I don't have a
large time frame to record videos like
this before it's just all gone right so
we have a piece of that pumpkin spice
whoa this is weird but we're going to be
trying wild cherry first we're going to
be trying a wild cherry I have no hope I
don't have high hopes or low hopes for
this flavor I have no hope ah smells
like dirty truck stops bubble gum on the
floor Soph is through I bet who knows no
no no no oh my god no with my leg mouth
all over my house with my layer not
neither look delicious look like this
they're like a little arrow oh you smell
them very smell oh this is so fucking
gross smelling it literally smells like
those those pucks that you put into like
male urinal that's so awful good this
wasabi no it's kind of gross no sabe oh
yeah Oh God all of us it's like it's for
gagging no no I'm just showing not too
good
ah it gets really hard right after all
why am I getting water that's why I said
that hot maybe I just follow the test
oh you're not flavored condoms either
smelly condoms it's not even like
airtight that's what I said cuckoo
mmm go test look at that dark goodness
mmm
I'm having a food orgasm here so fucking
good oh my god I'm
that's not bad
I waited for it and there was no there
was no chemical aftertaste like with the
other one I was actually okay alright so
what yeah - he ate it who landed on my
knee Oh what the fuck the advocates it's
like ah it's just green they're like
great mystical mint what are we fucking
sucking off a wizard oh my Grob shit
wouldn't I look so great to be with this
big number - I want to be the very best
like no one ever was to catch them is my
real test to train them is my cause
Pokemon gotta catch em all it's you and
me I know it's my destiny
you listen Aki mop again it's not here
hmm
cuz I gym hey touched for the very first
time like a virgin when your heartbeat
next to mine in the matter we can build
a snowman and we'll pretend he is Shao
Kahn he'll say are you married I'll say
no man it'll push my head in the snow
break me from behind later on will
conspire to overthrow the government as
we dream by the fire to face unafraid
getting laid walking in Seattle the
barely has snow ever
number three the first time I had anal
sex was really painful and really weird
jaesuk me ten times a day
needless to say I've had sex all over my
fucking house from like on the breakfast
buffet thing on the kitchen and bend me
over there to the couch with somewhere
when I have a lot of fun because I have
my big-screen TV there where we can like
turn on some porn and have a lot of fun
and have music in the background it's
extending from my crotch as if I do have
a penis and then it's facing me and I'm
talking to it so I feel like I'm
basically talking to my makeshift penis
and I love it and my other hand is on
the bottom of it holding it in place so
it's like I'm jerking myself while
talking to you guys have you ever had
sex in a car yes multiple times if I
don't get fucking dick in me for like a
whole week it's kind of annoying I'm not
going to lie
oh look in the toilet oh that's a shit
that I you know would be like a four to
six inch paint inch penis right I don't
really want to fuck but if they ended up
raping me I wouldn't be like too sad
about it I am a totally fucking show on
TV I always want like come on toast come
in my protein shakes like that would
just be such a nice additive I want like
a hard-boiled egg with like cum drizzle
on top oh ha oh ha ha ha where ha ha ha
ha ha ha
on to take me into one of the rooms that
they're showing that are like fully
furnished to like make people move in
here and she like bed me over and fuck
me or something
number four hello vegan it types of I'll
invest funds owns issues even Deutsch in
Bonner owns funds are essential on foot
hi what's up
I'm Miss Babcock and I love big veiny
German cock deines Feist minor house I
don't even know that was grammatically
correct but that was fucking awesome
right German women are sexy as hell to
it happen girls and hittin I'll be back
I'm Americans think the German language
is under their their Pope that's my ass
how care does that I would have a ton of
fun corrupting a nice little German boy
in bed number five my number one is
shall fucking cons there are numbness or
passing like none on there's never
enough Shao Kahn at Madison College yuck
both half-naked clean-shaven mask and a
brute uh no one matters is intellect or
prowess and enforcer readers that was
that conferences
side of the Shao Kahn song that me just
fucking walked into a kingdom kill the
king and put the Queen as a zone oh my
god take me now make me laugh ha ha ha
ha ha number 6 ah hello I love sex
I want to be able to take my tits out
wherever I want feminism yeah I'll play
games with my boyfriend as long as there
are girls that look better than me in
these games the hugest problem with all
the people I can either sarkeesian is
that they can't take a fucking joke i
feet to get calluses when i walk too
much that's a feminist issue i don't
want to even compete with these pixels
on this screen so please make this more
realistic so i don't hate on her because
i'm jealous and I just hit my fucking
leg on this thing yo this chair
it's got sides because men want to stick
their arms on them and you know all
gamers this is a gaming chair
predominantly male so this is a fucking
feminist issue guys I know who bell
hooks is I don't and don't care to
Google it the fact that my shirt doesn't
sit right because people don't make
shirts for big titty bitches with skinny
waists oh that's a fucking feminist
issue because you know men are the ones
that are predominantly creating clothes
oh you know this is sexism because the
woman is sexy and I don't use the phrase
hey guys we're referring to group of
people that includes men and women hey
guys well it can't be argued that my
whole viewer base is men shout out to my
10% female viewers but yes I definitely
say hey guys in any circumstance but now
forces dancer is so fun this can hate me
even more yeah aren't they
ah number 7 I am so bloody it looks like
I shat myself bloody what the fuck
get on no what the fuck is this oh my
god I pressed something else get up
bitch oh my god you never reload ah fuck
look at them freaking out holy shit like
so triggers I don't look at him
oh my god definitely want to have to
play like twice if I don't know oh what
the fuck
Oh hopefully fucking attack later Oh
make it work make it work what do I do
what was that did you hear that you know
in the room with us it looks like some
sort of powerful bracelet wait it's just
a croissant can we take it how the fuck
is that a croissant okay we got this oh
no no no no no no no oh my god no I
don't think I can do anything about it I
can't deal with the fucking wolves and
him it's so fucking annoying oh my god
papa papa oh my god
can someone fight me I'm getting no
randomly-generated fight vaginas oh god
no I watch you say like Oh
oh shit I did jump goddamn who died why
did you die job you can't look I'm here
you are dearie
you're always welcome to my parlor just
stay on your best behavior Gundam style
fatty die fatty number eight
