I don't know what to do for the
thumbnail this week I'll put my kids
away god damn it so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want did my first waterfall braids
today what do you guys think I think I
have a fucking hair in my nose hey guys
welcome to your new episode of Friday
night mail it is Thursday today which
means I'm filming Friday night mail a
day early so I should not have it late
tomorrow yes okay
today is the winner today is the winner
let's just jump right into the ship
because we actually have a decent amount
of boxes today and I don't want this to
run over 20 minutes Richard L
congratulations Richard L you are the
proud owner of a new $25.00 oh I'm so
embarrassed to be giving out $25.00
Amazon gift cards I'm sorry it will get
so much better once I move I promise but
this move is like so expensive I swear
this fucking hair ah anyway we've got
some questions from you guys which I
love you guys I love not the questions
well questions are fine but you guys I
love the most first question is from
squiggly squiggly space exclamation mark
exclamation mark exclamation mark
exclamation mark exclamation mark
question if you could take one video
game character to live your entire life
with who would it be
PS man that would be cool if this got
into a vid when we went over where we
were when I wink I have a feeling that
you are a man of excess you like to add
so many emoticons and exclamation points
to everything but I'm happy to make you
happy okay you are in this video if I
had to live with a vo game character for
my entire life I would definitely be
living with Shao Khan because obviously
I would love to be his slave girl or his
like a main slave hoe that would be
absolutely amazing I think at some point
he would realize how fucking awesome and
subservient I am and allow me a few
liberties to go do things that I want to
do you know I could like with the other
slaves and I can choose the slave that
we raped together for the night I think
that would be really fun so obviously my
obvious answer is Shao Kahn obviously
Shao Kahn next question Alexandre 106
says question what are you going to miss
the most about living in Washington I'm
excited for your moving adventure PS
shouldn't even say PS I don't know why I
added a PS main script you're amazing
baby girl heart heart you are amazing
thank you so much for the question I am
going to miss the most the daytime
freshness and the evergreen trees and
how green everything is here I know it's
kind of a weird thing to say is a
daytime freshness but something I really
like about Vegas is since it's a desert
it often doesn't have a lot of clouds
and stuff and I don't know what other
fucking environmental climate reasons it
gets extremely cold at night even in the
summer so you get that freshness that I
like about Seattle at night but during
the day it's always hot as fuck but in
Seattle there's these days that are kind
of dreary and there's like it's just
100% clouds in the sky it looks like the
sky is actually white because of how
many clouds there are or gray if it's
rain clouds and you get a little
pitter-patter of rain during the day and
you just smell the freshness and the
trees I'm going to miss that so much
that and my parents and their kittens
not much else am I going to miss about
Seattle I really feel like Vegas is
going to be a huge upgrade I've been
really stressed about the process if you
guys are on patreon specifically my $10
plus patrons I made a whole long diary
post about how I'm feeling pretty
relieved because a big part of the
process is now over for me I put my
first renter's application in let's hope
I get my first choice but the more I
think about just finally being there and
settling in and getting new furniture
and decorating the place and just having
a place of my own
even if it still rented oh it's just it
feels really good it feels really
liberating because I feel constrained
here I'm really just like suffocating
and I'm going to get to see palm trees
and be really close to the strip and
closer to LA so any of the conventions
like III VidCon all those things even
twitchcon I'll be able to go to maybe
even some eSports events and stuff again
I can start going to which I'm really
excited about and also Washington
even though Wizards of the coast
headquarters is here because of some
weird gambling laws or something I don't
know it's really weird
they don't have a lot of official Magic
the Gathering tournaments here like the
bigger ones like the GPS or the SVG open
so I'm excited about that maybe I'll get
back into magic oh talking about magic
that also reminds me of the thing I'm
going to miss the most about here
mock's boarding house that is the
coolest fucking card shop slash gaming
shop whatever
that I've ever seen in my entire life
and that's here in Bellevue so yeah I'm
really going to miss that I'm assuming
the card shops that they have in Vegas
are fucking atrocious compared to that
you know I took an oxycontin today
wanting to see if that would alleviate
the huge headache that I had in the
morning and it didn't even do anything
is that normal for like an oxy cotton to
not help with your headache anyway
Kenneth Evans doesn't have a question
but rather he has a fan request in your
next video will you do a southern accent
for no particular reason other than that
I'm from the south and think you'll
sound even sexy or at least funny cute
haha why sure doll why not y'all come
back now you hear I'm trying so hard not
to like make fun of rednecks because you
know when I do my British accents and
make fun of cockney people I'm like oh
no God no and I can't not overplay it so
I'm trying to have a sophisticated
accent it's not making fun of the
British people same with the southern
accent I was just trying to do I was
trying to do more like a southern belle
but I'm really bad at chill accents I
don't know why those are them they are
questions for the day
I'm sorry Kenneth why do you have to
tell me you're from the south and then I
feel bad that I'm like just ruining
butchering literally everything what is
this oh these are from Nate oh we've got
some leggings these leggings and make
you look like you are just bones just
bone Thank You Nate so we're going to
put these on right now I have like a
long ass like comfortable as fuck Sun
dress on but we're going to put this on
over it and we're gonna see how my ass
looks when it's just bones not skin and
bones just bones
Oh fucking knock my soul over how's that
pelvic oh you like my pelvis how about
my hip flexor oh yeah
bend me over and fucking carve out my
rectum it fit really well and they're
really comfortable Thank You Nate I
appreciate it Wow writing our life and
it's wonderful because the knees
actually they actually kind of show yeah
they actually stop right at the knees
look at this like perfectly on my knee
amazing okay we have a double whammy
from Zoey who I love we got a postcard
from her from Destin Florida she took a
vacation she said hi care
having a great time in Florida thought
I'd send you a postcard hope you like
your shot glass love Zowie
so cute so sweet I hope you saw some
dolphins they're dolphins so amazing I
think you said they're your favorite
animals and your birthday is coming up
soon I will remember that Kiki Kiki
this is sweet thank you also we've got
the package from Zoey which is going to
contain the shot glass if you guys don't
notice about me I used to and I guess
still ostensibly do collect shot glasses
I think I'm going to start collecting
mugs more than shot glasses but it's
nice to have like a big collection of
shot glasses too even though I don't
really drink I'm probably just going to
display them in the house that I chose
and by chose I mean I'm trying to get
approved for there's a lot of places
like little nooks and stuff for things
like this in the kitchen oh my god the
kitchen is so gorgeous I want to just
show you pictures but I didn't want to
like predock's myself or something so
I'm just waiting I'm just waiting for
the house tour and I'm going to do a
house tour of this place too one more
time third house tour of this place and
fucking six years going to be wonderful
Oh with the dolphins and everything and
that's so sweet
Thank You Zoey I really appreciate it
this is awesome it looks like it's hand
up painted too let me show you look at
that hand-painted dolphin goodness oh
yeah thank you very I appreciate it
you're awesome I am glad I get to add
this to my collection huh you are a
wonderful babe thank you for thinking
gonna be on your vacation seriously that
means so much okay gotcha douche
yo gasps what what what this well I I
can't I don't even know how to I don't
even know how to fuck in southern I'm
trying but I can't I don't think holy
shit okay who bought me this stuff who
did it it's got to be on here it's for
Mandy so it's probably from Joe oh my
god Andy nipple tassels perfect for
Friday night mail I mean fanservice
Friday my bad
almost fourth of July it is whoo we've
got star-spangled titties oh these are
like really cool they're like Lacey
leopardy prints Premium pasty
peek-a-boos and I think these are
actually a little bit see-through so
that's going to be great for fanservice
Friday by the way fanservice Friday is
on my patreon page patreon.com/lenguin
everyone their dog is promoting their
own patreon now and what is this it's a
catalog for Yandy Thank You Yandy for
sending me your catalogue I will look
through this while I take a shit once
and then throw it away I appreciate it
for the entertainment you know the free
entertainment anyway if you want to
support my free entertainment
patreon.com slash Tara Babcock oh yes I
have a bunch of cool tears like you know
cool stuff and thank you Joe for sending
me those because I've been wanting to do
another Pacey fanservice for a while
don't make fun of me I'm getting my
eyelashes done as soon as I'm finished
with this video oh my god it's so bad by
the way guys sneaky bond hashtag ad oh
my god if you follow any girl at all on
Instagram you've seen this fucking
weird-ass bra they have every single
girl just like copy pasting the same
shit to and I'm like I'm not copy
pasting the same shit like I'll mention
that it's strapless and back lists but
I'm not copy facing the same shit but
all in all it actually is a pretty good
product
oh very did a wear guy from Peka Peka
baby
Becca bought this for me so when you're
watching my twitch stream you can
actually buy things off of my wish list
by donating on my twitch stream it's
really weird and he donated this little
guy very fucking cute so cute
Jesus spirited away a little plushie guy
but he has this I can stick him to a
window I love him so much Thank You
Pekka baby you are so sweet look at his
retarded feets my dad sent me a link
recently stating that Miyazaki's making
his last film so oh my god no
also if you guys didn't know there's
something that like his son made that's
on Amazon Prime video I think it was
called like wrong bus or something like
that I'll have to check that out moving
on Thank You PAC a baby we have a letter
from Stuart's mmm damn Stuart is kind
SACEM coo shit damn Stuart day I'm sorry
I'm sorry
he sent me a sticker from his YouTube
channel RB comics just stupid reviews
you guys should check it out on the back
he wrote YouTube RB comics I'll be
posting is link down in the description
is they're really soft thicker I kind of
want to stick it to my tit but I don't
want to ruin my tan thank you so much
I'll be putting this on my vanity desk
at my vanity desk if you guys don't know
actually has tons of stickers on it just
like stickers all over the place it's
awesome and people's business cards and
really cute tags from plushies Thank You
Stuart I appreciate it what we have got
a flat-rate male vagina this is from
Katie and Katie I said check your mail
on Thursday so I obeyed her girl did you
send me some Asian sperm
oh she drew me something oh my god she's
so cute Katie my cam girl babe she says
good luck welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas
Nevada don't forget to read me this time
I'm sorry baby girl oh my god I'm so
retarded
dear Tara I wish you the best of luck
during your move can't wait to see your
new setup at your new place keep being
awesome Katie Alang that's my emoticon
on twitch so it's like it's actually
like an anime elf girl with like her
tits out she's like dripping come but I
dropped it at the face because they keep
not approving my boob hype they're a
bunch of assholes
oh she drew my well she drew my Tara
anime oh my god she actually did a
really good job ought to show you with
black plaid footage commenced because
there's no way than my camera with all
the light is picking this up but this is
really fucking good it's like did you
trace this thank you baby girl this is
what she looks like if you like Asian
titties that look barely legal but they
know what the fuck they're doing and
check her out in her links down in the
description thank you Cadia we've got a
good commercial for you can we run those
commercials on daytime television Asian
persuasion mmm
swears oh okay okay okay okay
digital printing a world of color for
feet oh these are the NES socks I've
seen these before holy shit these are
cool do you guys see this oh my God look
at this oh yes socks retro NES socks yes
look at that these are so cute okay
what's in this fucking bag who sent me
this Oh Vernon hi Tara I love you and
your amazing content keep up the great
work
love you enjoy your gift love you too
Vernon that is so sweet
I love the socks dude what the fuck what
is this what is it what is it what did
you do what did you do a green bag my
favorite Oh
I know what this do we have leggings do
we have a skirt do we have a squirt oh
these are the like sexy girl leggings
that I was like what the fuck are these
leggings I don't know if she's like from
something she almost looks like Sindel
but not it's like a I don't know it's
hard to explain we're gonna put these on
Thank You Vernon I appreciate it you are
fucking awesome goodbye my pelvis
goodbye thank you whoa oh oh no my
sneaky BOTS not being so sneaky
where'd I put my box Cuddy oh man i'ma
break a nail doing this about my box
cutter Wow dude I'm like so strong what
the fuck hi Tara no long drawn-out
letter for me today just saw this and
thought of you I hope you like it also
wishing you a stress-free as possible
move a huge fan Jason oh my god Jason oh
my god he's very sick hello I don't have
this one this one's bigger than the
little chippie Piccolo's but I haven't
had like a big what the fuck Wars
opening thank you thank you Jason you're
so amazing you never applied to my email
though I feel like you maybe I didn't
see it so if I didn't see your email
please resend it oh my god so Nate the
guy who got me the the leggings that
make me look like a skeleton he posted
this picture on my patreon write and it
got me thinking that could totally be
the case take a look at have a dick just
no balls to produce sperm since he
reproduces asexually maybe there like an
asexual race that still has like
pleasure centers and genitalia just for
fun that's how I'm gonna think it in my
hentai dreams okay I love him he's
perfect thank you Jason you are amazing
oh I love it so much even even his
little thingies are all like soft it's
really nice his little differences in
skin his skin armor I don't know what
the fuck that is on the namekian and his
ears
I am Myron those ears because I really
want to get my ears pointed that's
probably the plastic surgery that I'm
going to get that everyone's going to
hand me the most for cause it's like why
to most people but I really just I just
wanna be like an F you know specifically
caption I would part my hair like this
from then on I would just be like okay
I've got the elf ears like that and I
was just walking around and I would put
my hair behind my ears my big LPS yay
thank you everyone send me anything so
we
you Vernon Jason joke Adia I love you
guys so much
and of course Stewart to check out
everyone's links down in the description
and don't forget to sign up for this
week's giveaway if you have any
questions for next week's Friday night
mail
feel free to fucking post them in the
comment section my comment section is
always open so if you have any questions
comments just send hate speech whatever
the fuck you want feel free to post it
like dislike the idea of picollo having
a penis just for pleasure let me know
you guys are everything to me thank you
so much for being there for me I feel
like a weight has been lifted off of me
this last week with all the stuff I've
been doing with my renting application
and all that so thank you for being
there seriously from the bottom of my
heart thank you for not going anywhere
even though YouTube would probably like
me to just fuck off you guys stick
around and make my life better for it
see you in the next video two videos
over here you can watch and links in the
description what boy boys bye guys I
don't know what to do for the thumbnail
this week I'll put my kits away god damn
it oh man I'm gonna do this I'm so ready
okay we're gonna use my sneaky vaunt oh
yes now sponsored well sponsored for
Instagram but not sponsored for this
video
Wow bad review
sneaky vault won't keep a piccolo
between your tits while you're shaking
back and forth violently dislike
downvote unsubscribe bye guys for real
