literally if I was a porn star and I
knew I was going to do an anal set that
day I would be highlighting my asshole
with this fucking shit so who cares why
not do your own thing and let them say
what they want Mario let's get this
video over with before I sweat my entire
skin off it is now that time of the year
that everyone loves and calls beautiful
weather that I absolutely despise and
makes me want to kill myself without
air-conditioning anyway boom shit anyway
welcome to the April flash May edition
of a pair of fucking favorite I love
this series it is one of my favorite
series as it is on this channel and I
have a bunch of bad ash that this muscle
issues jump right into it I have my
trusty old version of an iPhone here
with my forever favorite phone case
first category is exposition oh so this
month's exposition is okay so you lay on
your side and you put your leg up in the
air and put your leg on his shoulder if
you're a girl or a gay dude whatever or
a bi dude you guys know I am all
inclusive here trying to fix my shit and
then you prop yourself up with the other
arm and you're kind of just doing like a
half split it's hard to explain honestly
but doing this position you're using
some of your cable muscles and some of
your pelvic area muscles there so you're
going to feel extra tight to your
partner I think this works the same way
for doing anal I'm not 100% sure I
haven't tried this position with anal if
you have posts in the comments and I
will try to find a picture of it up
online and try to find the actual proper
name for it as proper of a name as you
can give a sex position I think this
next position as son it's pretty easy
almost everyone can do it and there's
like an advanced version that requires
actual splits if you are one of the
stretchy elites I used to be one of
those people and I still kind of am as I
was a cheerleader next category is
pornstar oops wrong way
can't really do it as much with my
tongue ring okay so this month porn star
is Cagney Lynn Carter tangling Carter is
a hit and miss for me
shut up computer I don't know if you
guys even heard that anyway cannula and
Carter is kind of a hit and miss for me
if she's pale and a little bit on the
overweight side or she had that like
shitty blonde colored hair and it's like
shorter I don't like her as much but
there's some times where you see her in
a thumbnail when you're searching for
porn and you're like
dar√≠o girl ten out of ten would bang
IRL we've got the category of games
bottom my favorite category because oh
my god my favorite hobbies and kind of
part of my career by the way guys I do
have a second youtube channel
youtube.com slash Tara Babcock games and
it's which channels which TV slash Tara
Babcock anyway the first game of this
month is near automata I told you guys
it wouldn't be a hundred percent any
games this month
I love the gameplay of near automata I
love the art style it's so beautiful I
know that there's a first game but I
never played the first game I heard that
it wasn't super intertwined don't call
me on that you should check it out
before you play it I didn't finish the
game because in my opinion I couldn't
get too involved in it without doing the
research to make sure that it's not
connected the huge pet peeve of mine to
play sequels before prequels or before
preceding games at least I'll play
prequels after the prequels came out
after some times but anyway oh my god
near automata is so amazing it's
basically some aliens came in fucked up
our planet most of the humans who still
existed moved off onto the moon or some
shit and then they built robots to come
down and these robots are dressed like
sexy maids and stuff with like white
blond hair it's really hot and when they
jump you can see if their skirts do i
legit have a song on I let you to have a
song on guys guys I have a song on the
protagonist has a male friend who
follows her around and helps her out she
also has like a little robot that shoots
for her it's 3d but there's also side
scroller aspects and top-down aspects I
love the aspect changes I love the boss
fighting everything is just so fucking
cool about this game I played it a
little on my stream the boss fights do
get a little bit hard and I'm not that
far into the game yet fuck them up
or suffer off this game comes highly
recommended if you haven't checked it
out yet do it it's so good trust me
next we've got the game of the month for
me obviously because I am a huge shipper
got me 10 to a fangirl persona 5 ok so I
will admit I'm a little bit disappointed
in a few aspects of persona 5 the first
aspect being the fact that they really
coddle you this is something that I was
disappointed about with the new Pokemon
games it really feels like they have to
keep repeating the objective to you and
how the game works and they toned down a
lot of the things that you would talk
about in the game a lot of the topics
and they have our Yugi saying things
like shitty adults like 15 times within
a span of like 2 hours of the gameplay
making you feel like am I supposed to be
playing this as a toddler because when I
was a teenager I didn't call people who
were like 2 years older than me adults
they were just people
I already saw myself as an adult it's
very odd so we're not I will tell you
the objective of what you're supposed to
do and then she'll retell you and
they'll text you to tell you again and
then they'll explain it again and it's
just kind of like is this a game for
retards aside from that once you get
over that oh my god the art style is
beautiful it's exactly what you'd expect
from a next-gen persona game I loved
most of the subject matter I loved the
palaces I loved the characters on is
amazing if you guys haven't seen I did
like a half-ass cosplay of her I have a
cosplay outfit now and I plan on getting
her panther outfit that's going to be
hot but yeah overall I just fucking love
this game if you haven't played a
persona game yet or Shin Megami Tensei
game this could be your first game
remember they're all standalone but also
remember atlas has a wild hair up their
asses about anyone streaming the game
I'll post a link to it down in the
description but they posted a whole
article about how if you post more than
90 minutes total of the game streamed or
uploaded or otherwise not only are they
going to content strike you but they
might try to take your channel down also
they block it on ps4 so there's no way
for you to upload the content even
screenshots from your achievements and
stuff the next game is slime son I will
keep this brief but this game is fucking
huge at first I thought it was just
going to be another super meatboy clone
but oh my god there's like a whole world
inside the intestines of some kind of
animal I think you're like a slime
inside intestines I don't know with
shops you can unlock different hats for
your guys
there's mini-games everything it's just
so fucking cute so if you like Super
Meat Boy type stuff if you like
platformers
like Time Attack type platformers that
actually get really hard check it out
ukulele is another one of my favorite
games from April I actually did really
enjoy it even though you know a lot of
people gave it bad reviews there were
some weird camera angle changes that
made me kind of nauseous and annoyed
there were a lot of really funny dirty
jokes in there so I don't know why
everyone's calling them sjw's just
because they cut
what's his faces dialogue lines out I
think it was done that they cut his work
out but I also don't care about the guy
or his lines in there I mean basically
the dialogue in the game is just like
doesn't really matter anyway I don't
agree with people boycotting good
content just because someone they adore
told them to or happen to have an issue
with it if I worked on a game and they
unfairly cut me out but the game turned
out to be amazing
I wouldn't like the company I wouldn't
work with the company anymore but I
wouldn't want my viewer base to boycott
something that should deserve a claim
because it was a good game I think
that's a logical and hive mind II so
ukulele good fun game can get hard at
times I like that doesn't seem like it's
for children has a lot of dark humor in
there and some retro references to banjo
kazooie shovel knights and a bunch of
other stuff okay so it's not my first
time playing don't Sarver don't starve
together but i'm absolutely adoring
don't starve together and none of my
friends like it anymore they're over it
but i got so serious about that game
this month i played like nine to ten
hour runs where we would only get to
like day 36 and then we would have to
pick it up later and I think the longest
I've ever survived only is like day 80
because my friends just get sick of
playing at that point survived a whole
year and there's always more and more
that you can learn in that game that's
just what I love it's so cute it's
top-down it's the only one of those
types of survival games that I can stand
because they're not trying to make it
realistic and cringy I don't know it's
just adorable more on that later so if
you haven't played don't starve together
it's a good game to play with your
friends you can play it casually and in
my opinion casually it's kind of boring
if you don't know a lot about the game
you're kind of just like okay what am i
doing now I'm going to die on day 9 so I
just pick berries but if you get more
into it it gets way more exciting and
way harder you're on like a timetable
there's events there's bosses there's
even caves and dungeons recommend and
the solo player don't starve has
shipwrecked which I haven't played yet
but you get shipwrecked on an island all
new stuff there and the last game the
game I thought I would never
play or at least I would try it and then
not like it and not play it very much is
overwatch honestly people keep saying
I'm addicted and I love it and I told
you it was fun ok it can be fun it can
be a little addicting but I get sick of
it after like almost exactly four hours
it's weird every time I'm watching my
stream time at about 4 hours I start
getting really sick of the game and it's
just because I don't know it's hard to
explain I could make a whole video
within itself as to why I don't like
games like that specifically
first-person games I just feel like the
mechanics the perspective everything it
doesn't lend to ever being able to do
anything competitive in my opinion it's
really hard to actually get a full
Vantage of what's going on but yes I
have been playing a lot of overwatch so
if overwatch or first-person games are
your type of thing they are not mine
although I do admit this was my favorite
one of all them twitch.tv slash Tara
Babcock I'm playing it a lot now mainly
because J and Red's my two best friends
those are the only games that they'll
play with me they won't play don't
starve together with me anymore red
won't play League and Jays way too high
of a league play with me and it's fun to
play with friends sometimes where it's
not just a viewer game but anyway of
overwatch with a third-person game I'm
pretty sure it would be my favorite came
to stream of all time I just need that
third-person perspective when you're
playing a first-person game it's
literally like this and you can't see
anything else
and then there's melee champions somehow
people make it work so I just can't
so my mains are Hanzo Bastion and junk
rat moving on we've got the Buddhism
television category for this month
let's see you okay so 13 reasons why was
really entertaining but objectively in
my opinion I guess it's not objective
then I feel like it's so objectively
really bad it's one of those things
where you like enjoyed it but it's so
much of an obvious guilty pleasure it's
like if you say that like certain
rappers or certain pop artists who
clearly have no talent they're just
auto-tuning but their music sounds good
to you it's a guilty pleasure but
they're not talented right kind of like
that well if you want to waste your time
and watch something entertaining it
doesn't take a lot of brainpower but
will probably make you want to make a
video about how fucking bad it was
because I know I felt like that for like
a week after watching it but I decided
against it and then I looked and there
are so many videos about why it's a
fucking bad it's bad TV series I mean
I'll spare you the details but the worst
person the person you're supposed to
think is the worst on that show turned
out to be my favorite person my favorite
care
and then the person you're supposed to
feel most sorry for turned out to be
like I just couldn't stand her huge
fucking bitch next we've got west world
Westeros was really interesting I'm
waiting for the next season I think
they're going to not have it be in West
world next time I think it's going to be
like a totally different simulated world
but it was really interesting the only
thing I didn't like about it is the
twist at the end was so cheap because of
the aesthetics of the person and that's
all I can say without giving away too
much but it was really entertaining it
was really thought-provoking and it was
really like mind fucky but I feel like a
lot of the mine fuckery as I said was
just like cheap because anything can
happen in this world let me know what
you think a West world I know I'm a
little bit late on this one a lot of
people tell me to watch a series and
then I look at what the cover looks like
or i watch the trailer and it doesn't
look that great to me and then I end up
watching it and it takes me a while to
get hooked same with this next one I
recently finished the three seasons of
Deadwood ok dead looks really good but
they got cancelled at season 3 and it
doesn't leave you on even a good cause
hanger it's just like nothing is
resolved
oh my god please don't watch this
because it's not finished at all that's
how I felt it's a really good show at
first it was kind of like boring I don't
really like wild wild west period dramas
but this lore was really good because of
the the style in which they spoke and
cussing and there was like a
relationship between the guy who played
agent 47 in the Hitman movie who I
fucking hated in that movie but loved in
the show and the chick who fucks the
black dude and what's it cold how am I
forgetting this fucking name house of
cards how could I forget how the book
could I forget okay so the white woman
whatever the fuck she is that fuck stood
like fit black dude yeah that chick I
liked her and everyone else I've seen
everywhere else so much better in that
show than the first place that I saw
them I don't know why there's more
likeable characters but anyway there was
like this unrequited love situation
between the two and when that happens
I'm always just like why are you're not
going for love and I become like this
complete romantic I guess you would say
where it's just like do whatever the
fuck you want be together if you want to
be together fuck what other people think
fuck them all live your life the way you
want and that's like how I felt
throughout the show and then you know no
fruition there spoiler alerts but then
again as I said I don't think you should
watch the show because it's unfinished
okay so next we have some YouTube
suggestions
really do this often with TV and movies
but I think I'm going to start if I do
really like something on YouTube why not
share it on YouTube and bid me but
anyway the channel entitled the School
of Life has been everything that I've
been watching this month I haven't been
watching as much YouTube lately but when
I do it's the school of life and
everyone on my Dischord knows this I'm
just like posting them on and on and on
because they're like two to five
sometimes eight-minute videos and are
like artistically done and poetically
done on different philosophical topics
and the ones that I disagree with they
still make me think so I really enjoy
that
so the school of life link in the
description really thought-provoking
really philosophical really artistically
done love it and next my buddy read he
started up his YouTube channel again and
started posting videos and he does like
overwatch gameplay but was like
commentary on the back you know like the
first-person gamers just like go to
content but what sets him apart is that
he was in the Korean army for like a few
years or whatever he randomly just left
me out of nowhere told me he had to go
back to Korea but then told me he had
cancer or something totally lied to me
about why he had to go back to Korea I
was telling him I would marry him so he
could stay here he declined I guess and
then just disappeared
turns out he went to the Korean army so
he's making these videos these I think
he has two parts up right now about his
time in the Korean army and it's really
really interesting and he posts like
pictures of stuff and like video so you
really get the whole idea of what was
going on there so if you like watching
overwatch content and you want to listen
to that he's a really good content
creator he deserves more recognition so
I'm going to post his stuff down in the
description also he has two highlights
from my first time playing overwatch
which are quite funny because you get to
see me fuck up and third-person
perspective and his reactions which are
pretty good I got some kill what what
what what was a gay look what I did
best place I fucking won it was awesome
I killed somebody
awesome he's a great video editor he has
high quality content and I'm not just
saying that because he's my friend
because I'm not into that whole nepotism
thing alright next category is music
okay so we don't have a lot of music
this month we have two songs and then we
have some Chris Cornell stuff my
favorite - Chris Cornell songs and
that's pretty much it I could have
compiled more but this is just stuff
that I've written down
so it's stuff that had like a huge
impact on me and I want to just keep it
that way for this month the first song
is here until forever buy in flames it's
a kind of slow song but it's like a
really good slow song usually I like in
flames for being a little bit heavier a
little bit more I don't know how you
explain it it's like European punk metal
or something I don't know I'm not really
good at classifications of metal I love
and plans with newer stuff and I like
their really really old stuff my
favorites are stuff like this and the
chosen pessimist is my all-time favorite
in flame song so if you want to check
that out here until forever and chosen
pessimist two favorites
in flames is awesome and the next we
have blood by Sonata Arctica
that's another kind of slowish song so
if you're not super into metal krahgg
rocky really really good really solid
and now we've got our IP Chris Cornell I
don't really get sad with celebrities
die I just kind of mourn the fact that
I'm never going to have any more of that
beautiful voice or that beautiful kind
of content in my life Chris Cornell
Audioslave Soundgarden and his music
reminds me so much of the time that I
met Jay I had been into a little bit of
Soundgarden I liked one or two of the
hit but Jay turned me on to Audioslave
and the more obscure songs of
Soundgarden and just like with to land a
perfect circle I do like the less
popular one less good one better I do
like Audioslave better even though I do
think Soundgarden has like a few really
really amazing songs but anyway when I
first met Jay some of my most vivid
memories are when I had to take a trip
down to the North Dakota with my mom so
I didn't get to see Jay for a while and
Jay made me just like CD mixtape type
sing with a bunch of songs on it and I
am the highway and be yourself with the
two songs that I had on repeat I missed
him a lot when I was on that trip I
really didn't like that trip it was way
too hot like it is right now oh my god
in front of these lights and I just
remember in the dark in the night we
took a train it wasn't a plane or
anything we took a train and I was just
like laying there in my train seat just
listening to this music it reminds me so
much of the inception of Jay a nice
relationship so it is a soft spot for me
that there will no longer be new content
from that voice anymore everyone has a
personal experience with music that they
like with the artists that they like so
I just thought I would share mine be
yourself
you
I am the highway now and I hope your
nose die oh girl I wanna fuck oh yeah I
don't really have anyone this month's
dude there's like overwash characters
that are kind of hot I guess like
younger Reinhard's and younger I was
calling agent 47 but soldier 70 whatever
the fuck kind of looks Germanic a little
bit a little too blonde for my taste but
you know anyway there is sherry from 13
reasons why she's hot I told you guys
last month there was going to be another
black girl this month those eyes that
body that's that's pretty much it
I will say the actor who played Asian 47
and hitman in Deadwood I was so close to
wanting to do him a little bit in that
but like something about his teeth being
too prominent it's like he has an
overbite you like these perfect teeth
but when he talks
they're very apparent or something I
can't even explain what the weirdness is
about them so it's more like I just
wanted all not to fuck him more I didn't
really want to fucking myself I just
wanted to live vicariously through Alma
you know what I'm talking about
alright favorite girly thing let me just
open my chester do anything of the month
alright so my favorite really thing of
the month is I got this whole set of
when they called makeup geek plush max
lip glosses they're not glosses they're
matte makeup geek hundred percent vegan
I don't know so much about Smashbox
whether or not they're vegan but I have
this and I like putting this over this
and that's what I'm wearing today it
gives it a little bit of a sheen and
then this Becca highlighter in opal is
that's a color so I followed all of the
makeup gurus because I don't like to
experiment with makeup as much as I like
to experiment with other things I have a
little bit more passion for I often just
default to the makeup artist because
they spend a lot more time experimenting
with makeup than I do but you also have
to remember that they're financially
driven by their sponsors a lot of people
say to use the like white just gray
white color highlighter but this bronze
highlighter I'm literally just putting
it everywhere if I look sweaty it's
probably because I am but it's also
because I'm just like highlighter
highlighter highlighter highlighter like
it's so fucking good I use it everywhere
literally if I was a porn star and I
knew I was going to do an anal set that
day I would be highlighting my asshole
with this fucking shit I loved it so
much I put it everywhere this is my
favorite color of the plush matte makeup
geek
so then I actually did an unboxing of
these I just haven't edited it yet I
tried every single color and I rubbed
them off with like a dry oh it was the
worst my lips were so red afterwards
that will probably go up when I'm in the
process of moving but yeah this is my
favorite color it's called beach bunny
it's a little bit of an orange e pink I
really like a little bit of orange ish
without being too fluorescent orange in
my lip color it goes well with the whole
bronze blonde thing I like bronze blonde
which is another reason why I'm using
this Becca highlighter all this stuff so
fucking good recommend also I also this
month like my nails a lot so what they
did is they put a little bit of this
like chrome powder on the tips of my
nails so it's like an ombre shininess so
ask for the chrome powder and ask for it
to be ombre if you go and get your nails
done and you want to try this look out I
think it's really cool my nail salon
isn't particularly high-end so I assume
that other nail salons that you guys
might go to might have the same shit in
stock and the last category my favorite
overall thing is and I got a lot of
really cool merch this month I got some
Blizzard merch
I got a USB charger the lights up I
haven't ended the video this but I unbox
it all I got a pile on a Protoss pile on
USB like light up lamb the unboxing of
which will be up on YouTube back home
flashed hair Babcock game but my
favorite thing is my pink cotton candy
Chester this is a it's a thing from
don't starve
there is no pink cotton candy Chester
and don't starve but there is a pink
cotton candy Chester for some reason
plushy I got all the colors of the
Chester's and I even got two of the
regular Chester and the reason I got to
the regular Chester was because I wanted
to make sure that I got a regular
Chester in before Jays birthday do his
birthday is on June 18th and I gave him
his Chester super early then don't
starve you walk around and you look for
resources and you pick up resources
randomly you'll find this little eye
bone if you pick up the eye bone this
little Chester guy bounces up behind you
because he follows you anywhere the eye
bone goes and he's like an extra chest
and you open him up and you can hold
things inside of him I have like Vlad
and my makeup in here right now and he
is the cutest thing ever
and what I thought was the cutest about
like J playing with me is that any time
anyone else found Chester he's like no
Chester's might not Chester's mine so I
thought it would be really cute to buy
him a Chester a thing he didn't
know what exists and then put the I bone
somewhere I actually videotaped all of
this so on his birthday I think I'm
going to post this little video where I
documented giving him this present and
he found the iPhone and he thought it
was just the iPhone and I still did was
like all of his favorite candies and
like an auth energy drink because he
really likes energy drinks and I put the
Chester outside of the bathroom so when
he came out of the bathroom Chester was
standing right there it was really
fucking cute I really like giving gifts
that are really personal and like cutely
given you know kind of like scavenger
hunts or just cute stuff and I thought
this was really cute and I had to get a
pink cotton candy Chester I imagine
putting this in the back of my stream
and filling it with like candy or treats
or something that I want to eat in the
middle of my stream and then taking from
the Chester like I'm actually in don't
starve if you don't play don't starve
you probably don't think this is cute as
I do and as other people who play don't
starve might but I think this is a
fucking cutest thing in the world so
yeah I love you guys thank you so much
for watching I'm going to go lay down
somewhere where it's not as hot I really
wish I had ere conditioning my life
would be 100 billion percent better and
I'm aware that that percentage does not
exist but I am just so in need of using
a superfluous percentage because of how
much my life will be better and will be
better when I have air conditioning I'm
not shut-in anyway so I don't care what
the weather is outside as long as I have
curtains and air conditioning anyway I
love you guys let me know if I turned
you on to any new products items games
music porn stars or anything this month
let me know we think of my Chester and
thank you so much for watching I really
hope I entertained you and I'll see you
guys next month I'm going to hopefully
have June on July 1st or 2nd or
something it'll be like the first video
I make when I move into my new place yay
this next month is going to be so busy
and so stressful but I'm going to do my
best to have tons of content for you
guys while I'm moving please consider
supporting me on patreon and following
me on all of my other social media links
and all of my other things like twitch
and the other youtube channel links as
always will be in the description yes
see you in the next video bye guys look
how much I'm sweating guys oh my god
