hey guys I wanted to make a quick video
about being stressed it's been so long
since I've laid here well 3 start that
was bad
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
I'm going to make a video today about
being stressed I've been stressed lately
and it's weird because usually I don't
have this level of stress than this
level of feeling like I'm in-between
portions of my life I don't know it just
feels very weird I'm going to try to do
like a stream of consciousness type
thing I so often desire to have low
points in my life
so that I can share them with you guys
it's kind of a weird feeling but I
watched Trisha Paytas in her videos and
I admire how open and honest she is
about the low and high points in our
life and while I don't envy a lot of the
emotional struggles that she goes
through I I have ups and downs too not
nearly as much as she displays but I'm
very good at handling them so I'm bad at
showing them to you guys and I know I've
seen a lot of you guys request that I do
videos when I'm sad or requests that I
do videos right after I've had sex or
just things that make me seem more real
or things that feel more like
heart-to-hearts and I know often when I
grab Bladon I'm ready to do a vlog it's
less about me and my updates in my life
and it's more about just like a
philosophical idea or something that I
was thinking about that I think is
interesting and so when I am feeling
stressed and especially for a longer
period of time like I am right now I
want to share it with you guys so I'm
going to sit here and I'm going to try
to articulate it for you but first I
want to preface this by saying this is
in no way a complaint everyone in their
lives get stressed everyone in their
lives has bad days where they're feeling
down no matter how fortunate and how
lucky they are I thank my lucky stars
every single day that I am Who I am and
I'm in the position that I'm in and I am
so fortunate but even so we all
rise to our life's challenges and the
most rich most happy person will send
time's be sad just like the the poorest
person will sometimes be happy we're
very very adaptable creatures and that's
just how it works so please don't take
this as me like wanting attention or
wanting any form of you guys to feel
sorry for me please don't feel sorry for
me that actually feels disgusting when I
see other people feeling sorry for other
people I don't like that I don't give
that to others I I want and wish the
best for people but to be like oh I feel
feel sorry for that person it's a very
disgusting emotion to me it's a very
like I'm up on a high horse and I'm just
moral grandstanding kind of thing that I
don't desire nor do I do to other people
because I feel that it's belittling so
now that we've got that out of the way
hopefully that makes perfect sense I'm
not complaining I just want to voice my
opinions on how I've been feeling lately
and my stresses and share them with you
guys so that you know you guys feel
closer to me because I feel close to you
guys and I want you to share in that
closeness and know more about my life
and how I'm feeling lately mostly the
stress has been due to the fact that I'm
moving soon it is to me it's an
insurmountable thing that I'm
going to do I hate change if you guys
don't know this I I'm very adverse to
change I don't like changing anything
big about my life I don't like doing any
huge different things I'm a little bit
sad still about leaving Seattle but it's
mostly just me not wanting to change
things in my life I have anxiety about
doing things like that and the idea of
packing up all of this stuff that I have
is just like it's an impossible task to
me and I don't know I just don't even
know where to start with packing I'm
going to have to look up how to safely
pack collectibles and and figures and
things without the possibility of
breaking them I have boxes for some
things but I'm gonna have to find those
boxes and then hope that they still have
the correct packaging inside of them I'm
going to have to like buy a bunch of
packaging materials I'm going to have to
coordinate my parents with the moving
companies are the you all stuff that I
move with Jay I'm going to have to
decide what to pack first and what I'm
going to need for the last week I'm
going to have to deal with the apartment
complex it's just like very overwhelming
and I think about it I know it has to be
done and I know that I'm going to figure
it out
I know that I'm going to get through it
but at the same time like also having a
place down there ready for me and making
sure that the place is like a okayed me
to move in when I get down there so I
don't have to like move into a hotel for
a while and pay a bunch of money into
that and the amount of money that I have
to pay in back taxes and just it's
knowing when money becomes something
that I have to worry about which has
become the case lately and I don't want
to complain about money because I am
pretty well-off but in my opinion true
happiness lies when you don't have to
think about money when you can either
console yourself to be happy with a
lower income or you have enough money to
where you're saving and money is not an
issue and you can think about the better
things in life the more important things
in life and I feel a lot of the people
who are like actual gold diggers who
just want more more money and want to
amass like a huge fortune and care only
about things that can be measured in in
money like material possessions and
that's all they care about like bags
purses shoes cars looking expensive to
the outside world like those types of
people are rarely happy because they're
focusing on things that you know they
just can't bring true
intrinsic happiness and value and for me
when I have to worry about money I'm
much more stressed than when I just have
enough and I know what I'm doing with my
savings and I know where I'm putting
things and I it seems insane for me to
have to worry about money and to worry
about the future and stuff but now I'm
starting to do things differently so
that I'm saving money and right now that
feels kind of awkward I know this might
be the stream of conscience might not
make any sense if you guys have any
questions as always post in the comments
let me know what you think let me know
if you have any questions it's just all
been very weird and confusing and it's
just been a little bit stressful let me
talk a little bit about the way I deal
with stress and feeling unhappy or
stressed in a day what I basically do is
I just think about it logically like
what am I going to do is it going to be
super hard to do if it's going to be
super hard to do and there's no other
option I just deal with
I don't worry about it up until that
point because I'm ruining the time that
I spend before I actually go and do that
stressful thing and then I'm stressed
for no reason because it's not going to
change anything so there's no reason for
me to be stressed right so I just think
about it logically I plan it all out in
my head and that alleviates my stress
usually but sometimes when there's a lot
of stressors like right now just so a
lot of things have been going through my
head from like YouTube feeling like it's
stagnating because of what they've done
to the algorithm and what they've done
to it it's not just affecting my money
and the most stressful part of it
actually came from me realizing that why
I'm on one of my videos or what I'm on
something similar to one of my videos my
other videos aren't popping up on the
side like they used to and I'm like fam
I wonder how that correlates with my new
subscribers so I go into my analytics
and I look at my new subscribers for the
month and it's cut by like a fourth no
one's talked about this I don't think I
haven't been watching a lot of those
videos at least the newer ones but it
looks like instead of getting eight to
15k new subscribers I'm getting like 3k
a new subscribers a month which is kind
of disheartening because I still have
the same amount of viewers it's not like
my content is worsening and I don't know
even though I still love making YouTube
content even though that's my favorite
thing out of all of the things that I do
it's it just feels so de motivating to
feel like that company that I'm putting
my my videos on to like the platform I'm
putting my videos onto is holding me
back in a way you know what I'm saying
and even if you or anyone else sees my
content as just mindless fanservice I
don't I see it as having not only do I
talk about philosophical topics I talk
about body positivity and sex positivity
and just being yourself and being happy
and I try to always have a positive
message in every one of my videos and
just be honestly real and me and myself
and I play games I talk about the games
that I love the things that I love and
it's just a place for me to be myself on
the Internet it's not a place for me to
exploit myself in ways that I feel
uncomfortable doing just for an amount
of money oh my god like that's not me at
all and the fact that the platform
it's kind of alluding to seeing me that
way or seeing me as someone who doesn't
deserve a platform it's disheartening
and it makes me kind of sad and it's in
the back of my mind now and I'm slowly
getting over it like I kind of lost my
passion for a few days and it's weird
because when I say I lost my passion for
YouTube I'll be like okay let's let's
film the video and then I'll go and I'll
sit down and be like I'll start filming
the video and then my second sentence
and I'm like I love this again and it'll
just like reignite my passion but then
I'll go in and I'll do this thing I
don't like about making videos which is
editing and I'll start editing and I'll
start like I like for falling asleep
during editing and I get like a huge
headaches because you guys know I'm
having like the health issues and stuff
which I'll talk about a little bit later
in this video but um the editing is
harder and the the getting the the
gumption to start the videos is harder
with this thing nagging in the back of
my head like what if they make it even
worse what if they just start deleting
all channels they don't find
family-friendly or they don't find
substantive in some way - they're
 you know they're you
know whatever Sensibility STW
 and it just makes me sad and
I'm glad that there's been me that me
has helped me a little bit but at the
same time the wave in me reacted to a
smaller content creator who is
bad-mouthing me saying that I shouldn't
even be on the hot page even if my
content is what people are clicking on
and just like basically just viewing
vitriol about me and they responded to
that like yeah we hear your concerns
like that doesn't give me that great a
hope for vid me either I'm glad that vid
me exists I'm glad that I can put my
eggs in a bunch of different baskets and
really my saving grace here is patreon
not only because of the money that I can
make on patreon and do make on patreon
and because you guys are there and all
the things I can give you guys but the
patreon staff literally oh my god like I
have the actual phone number of one of
the people who are on the who's on the
backend of patreon they're always so
 helpful to me they don't
treat me like they they work with
my specific situation like we talked
about not super work stuff or marking
myself as a adult content or how I can
look at things from a tax perspective
like they're so helpful
technically and with my specific
situation they've helped a lot of my
patrons with issues and they've helped
people who also have their own patreon
who has sent over to Heather of the
grill that ice not to hit patron I just
love them so much they're so supportive
and they're they're like actually how
they should be to content creators you
know like they don't give a what
kind of arts or content you're making
they respect you for being a content
creator and they talk to you on a case
by case basis not just like we're gonna
throw blanket over you you're just hate
speech because you know you know someone
was mad on Twitter like oh my god but um
when I left something when something is
piling up and I feel really really
stressed and I feel like it's all just
coming to like a head it's coming to a
like this precipice where I just feel
really stressed out um I tell Jay I'm
just like I'm really stressed out today
I don't know why and I get in this mode
where I'm just like I'm so
stressed I don't know why and I tell
them everything and I'm stressed about
and I basically just like word vomit it
all out and it's like in a moment where
I feel like I can't handle it anymore
and I'm just so stressed right and then
my intent for that is just to get it out
because I've already thought about it
logically I've already made all my plans
I already know what I have to do I
already know what can be changed and
what can't be changed but that venting
is what makes me feel so much better and
I feel like there are so many people
have terrible coping mechanisms and I
watched a video recently by the School
of Life if you guys are on my discord
you know I'm just like posting videos
from that page all over the
place so I'll link the video down in the
description it's called how to be sad
like a lot of people don't know how to
be sad to have these terrible mechanisms
where they're like they will pretend to
be happy or they'll tell everyone
everything's fine or they'll actually
like pity themselves act like it's way
worse than it is and not think logically
at all but for me is sometimes when it
boils over I just have to let it out and
then by the end of retelling Jay what's
wrong with me I feel so much better I
feel relieved I feel great and I'm like
happy like actually
elated from just like allowing those
words to seep from my mouth and I don't
think Jay understands that that's all I
need from him because sometimes he lets
it get to him like a lot like I deal
with a lot of the stresses a lot of the
technical
essence of my business and a lot of the
things that we do and just everyday
errand type stuff because it stresses
him a lot more than it stresses me so
for him to hear when I'm usually the
rock in these situations for him to hear
that I'm stressed about it it stresses
him immensely and he sees it more as
like oh my god she's really stressed I
don't know what to do when he doesn't
have to do anything he just has to
listen for a second give me a hug and
then I'm like happy and we go back to
playing games and we like just totally
stop talking about it because there's
not really anything to do I've already
thought about the plan of action and I'm
already ready to go if I need advice
it'll be a totally different
conversation devoid of this emotional
pressure that I'm like spewing out at
him you know and so that's basically how
I deal with it and I want you guys to
know that no matter what your situation
if you're feeling fat if you're feeling
stressed if you're feeling depressed let
it out have an outlet for that don't
avoid it I talk a lot about like working
out bettering yourself keeping yourself
busy until it passes but that's
something you do for that nagging
feeling in the back of your head when
you can't when you've already thought
about it logically you've already made
your plan of action don't ignore needing
to do important things or anything until
it gets too late
I definitely don't advocate that at all
I'm just talking about when you feel
like you're sad and you don't know why
take a nap go for a run hang out with
friends do something that will you know
play a really good game read a really
good book do something that will
distract you from that just relatively
bad feeling because I get those bad
feelings too as happy a person as I am
as lucky a person as I feel that I am
and as great of a life that I
have you know sometimes I feel that way
too everybody does you are no different
I'm no different and if you just can't
shake this illogical feeling of you know
I'm just off today those were that's the
time when I feel like you should you
employ those points but if you actually
have something looming over your head
you haven't made a plan and you haven't
decided what you're going to do and you
don't know what you're going to do you
don't know what your options are like
research what your options are figure it
out decide what you're going to do and
get ready don't just let it hit you in
the ass and you over because
avoiding problems it's going to be
make you ten times more behind but yeah
I've also been really stressed about
this this sickness thing if you guys
don't know my day starts out great then
slowly I start getting headaches I
started being nauseous and for so many
years I've had this since I was a
teenager and for so many years I had
this timetable where like the first six
hours of the first eight hours or maybe
even less sometimes of the day I can
work I can do things I can work out I
can be myself but then after that I feel
like a wreck and I can't do
anything I have headaches I'm just like
not myself and I try to power through it
and I try to tell myself that I'm just
being a
and that's what I've been doing up until
this point but it's gotten worse it's
gotten to the point where it's
debilitating I have to restart my
recording hold on so I decided that I
owed it to myself to finally go and
see a doctor and when my cognition
started being weird when my ability to
remember things started going or at
least in my perception it starts being a
little worse I needed to see a
neurologist so I booked a neurologist it
was a month and a half out and then I
missed the appointment and then
I booked another neurologist I went to
see him he said okay let's get you an
MRI and let's get you on anti-seizure
medication for the headaches but really
it's not so much migraines as it is just
like nausea that is so strong that it
 with my cognition and makes me
like a totally different person like I
cannot record a video and be happy and
move around and like not puke it's just
like impossible for me to do so some of
you guys have you watched my streams
I'll do like five to nine hours streams
on Twitch some of you guys had seen me
get into the state at the end of the
streams and will be like playing a video
game or something and I'll be ending the
viewer game and I'll be like I got a guy
feel like I might die and
I'm like still making jokes but it's I'm
not myself anymore you guys always going
to get better oh my god are you feeling
better
I always feel better after I sleep it's
always just a temporary thing but it's
so debilitating that I can't work as
long as I want you know like I would
work 16-hour days or something instead
of like eight to twelve hour days if I
could I would stream like 10-hour days
or something which might not be good for
like my legs circulation but I would do
it because I want to because I want to
get ahead
I want to be able to do as long as
strands as I possibly can but this is
just impeding my ability to be myself in
some days I can't even work so it makes
it hard for me to make like a schedule
for my uploads especially when I have
two channels and a stream and it
just makes everything hard and
it's always like a constant thing in the
back of my mind where I'm like am I
going to be able to do things today or
am I going to be a potato so the
neurologist I called because he never
called me back about the MRI and
he said the body or the body my body my
brain was unremarkable a sense of
funnier exam with it but I look like I
have some swelling of my inner ear or
some inflammation of my inner ear so he
sends me to so I'm going to make an
appointment this morning he sends me to
ear nose and throat doctor but what I'm
annoyed about is every doctor I've seen
thus far has checked me for my balance
they've checked me for looking into my
ear like I don't know how effective that
is they look into my ear to see if they
can see any inflammation they ask me if
I have vertigo a have an itch year now
they asked me if I have vertigo and I'm
like I had one bout of vertigo like once
like three months ago and nonsense
whereas everything online says that in
order to have some kind of maneras
disease or whatever it is with the inner
ear like issues with the inner air you
have to have the nausea and the migraine
stem from vertigo so I'm never dizzy
it's never about dizziness so just sort
of sound like it fits and I really feel
like my neurologist and all
medical professionals are just sending
me on a wild-goose chase and it's sad
when I hear from my patrons and from
other people that they're experiencing
the same thing and it's just like
motivating this is what like doctors do
in all countries around the world they
just kind of guess and I can't really
fault them because what else are they
supposed to do it's so like we are such
I don't know I just feel like when I
give symptoms there should be like one
of five things that it could be and then
there should be like a test for each of
these things and dr. house makes it seem
so easy I know I sound like a
noob
now like a medical noob but I don't
understand why every single person who
has a quote-unquote medical illness
whether it's debilitating or just mildly
annoying why it's always it seems I
guess maybe that's confirmation
bias but it always seems so hard for
them to come to the correct conclusion
and to actually fix whatever the problem
is I've never I never had a friend who
was like I've been having headaches for
years and then they go in and they're
like oh it was just this medication and
cleared it right up it was just a viral
infection we're good it's never like
that you know so I have I'm keeping my
hopes up and I'm glad that we're like
progressing along and it's not just like
what dead end and J has the same problem
J has an issue a medical issue where
they're just like that we don't know
just keep doing this one thing and yeah
and he's actually you know worries me
and stuff and it just sucks that it's
like that you know and I well I'm glad
that we don't see any apparent tumors in
my brain and I'm not going to lose my
personality or my cognition or I'm gonna
have to go through chemo or anything it
looks like at least I it's very
stressful that I still don't know what
the is going on and I still have to
work around this issue I feel like I
should just go back to being in denial
and be like it's my fault I'm just being
a
it's just girl every girl has
headaches and stuff but I feel like that
was being just dishonest and I was being
too hard on myself and I need to take
care of myself better and all of my
viewers were telling me I need to take
better care of myself because I was
saying that I was sick too often and I'm
glad that I'm finally telling you guys
about this because I was I was telling
you guys a little bit like there's a
video from like two years ago where I
briefly mentioned it but it was more
like a you know it's heading some
stomach aches or whatever take some
knowledge it's not that big of a deal
like it's fine you know I just like I
get them sometimes I don't know why it's
no reason to go to a doctor I've already
been and they couldn't find anything
it's whatever you know oh so yeah that's
that's what's been going on with me
other than that I've just been feeling
stress overall and I feel like I'm
in-between lives right now I feel like I
have my old life here where I feel
really boxed in
where I have too much stuff and I'm
annoyed at my upstairs neighbors being
loud constantly which is pretty much
just a lost cause no one will do
anything for me I am just waiting for
this impending huge move where I'm like
a what am I even gonna do to move how
much stuff am I gonna have to throw away
how will I donate the rest of the stuff
like what is going on what is going to
happen what is the last week of
June gonna even look like for me how am
I going to feel living in a new state
never having stayed in the house to test
it out like it's just very untreated
territory my adverse interchange is
kicking in I'm like oh and I feel like
once I get settled in Vegas which I'm
looking forward to sorry I started going
like there's I can finally just be
myself again and feel comfortable in my
own skin and not feel so stressed out
about everything you know I feel like
I'm working too much for one person and
doing too much and even though I love
90% of what I do I feel like I just need
to take some time like I hadn't taken a
day off before like the last two days I
hadn't taken a day off for like three
weeks or something from streaming and
editing and making videos and I need to
remind myself that sometimes even though
that's fun work it still can be
you know stressful and hard and long
days and sometimes I just need to lay on
the couch and chill and not work out and
not do errands and not you know sit on
the computer and type and not do all
these things you know I think you guys
should do you guys deserve time off if
you can spare it or at least just
evenings to chill and relax and watch
some Netflix or play some games that you
haven't gotten to play yet and you know
buy yourself something nice or take a
week vacation I don't know I love you
guys thank you so much for listening to
me
and I hope to do videos like this more
in the future let me know if you like
them I sincerely want to know what you
think about things like this I feel like
there's such videos and Tricia
doesn't so much better and I don't even
know if I am conveying
what I want to convey but I want to do
stuff like this more often and I want to
let you guys know when I'm stressed I
don't want to feel like oh my god if I
say that I'm stressed I'm basically
saying that I'm not appreciative of my
entire life because that's not what I'm
saying and if anyone says that they're
clearly just someone who is jealous or
angry at me in the first place and just
chooses not to like me for whatever
other reason not because of this and I
know that the people who follow me and
who like me for me are going to
appreciate this or the people who enjoy
just listening to videos in the
background will appreciate this so thank
you for watching from me and from my
moogle and I'll see you guys in the next
video I will be doing a house tour a
last house tour of this place before I
move and a bunch of other cool things I
have in mind I don't know if I'll get
the I don't know if I'll get the
inspiration to start the cool videos
because I'm just thinking it'll be so
much better once I move but we'll see I
love you guys thank you so much for
watching my one eyebrows being restarted
bye
