hey guys welcome to new episode of
Friday night mail my favorite show of
the week my favorite video to record
every single time and by far my least
favorite video to edit so who cares why
not do your own thing and let them say
what they want
welcome to the fan driven video the
video where we answer you guys's
questions we do a little giveaway and we
open things that were sent to my P o box
which is soon going to be a peel box
that resides in Las Vegas Nevada this is
actually one of like the last FM's that
I'm going to be doing before I
preemptively switch my fucking peel box
over so I don't miss any of you guys's
stuff got it for my mailing address got
to get a new peel box and I'm going to
keep this peel box that I have here and
task my mom with checking it every once
in a while just for a little bit to make
sure nothing goes unfound so I wanted to
address something real quick this week
before we get started I saw at least two
comments in the comment section last
week saying that I might be overacting
or that I'm overexcited my level of
excitement naturally dips and inclines
and declines as the day goes on and I
even mentioned in the video that I was
super happy because I actually feel good
that day feeling good as a virtue I do
not have very often anymore like truly
feeling good it's like a new level of
alive that I have these days like today
right now I have a little bit of a
headache I'm starting to feel a little
woozy I still have to record this at the
fan service Friday and I have to edit it
so I'm not at a hundred percent
tarah maximal excitement today and I
find that comment on a level of
ridiculousness as someone who comes into
my live stream something that I do for
nine hours straight sometimes and says
like wow she's way more chill in her
streams when she is in her YouTube
videos my response to that is yeah just
wait until I die in a video game then
there's no more chill but anyway this
week's winner is Stephanie P aka Eris
thank you so much Eric I am sorry if I
disappointed you with a $25 Amazon gift
card I know it's lame once I move
everything will be back to normal but
congratulations
Attis thank you so much for being
wonderful and for being so sweet I
actually sent her it's kind of funny a
Father's Day animated card with like a
little penguin
or something and a duck and like a pool
they have these animated cards for the
gift card but they always have like an
event attached to it or like a holiday
so you guys if you get something for
Father's Day or for something super
random like congratulations you're
having a baby boy just ignore it and
take the free money okay all right we
have your questions this week and I hope
I didn't get way too loud and I was just
reading myself I love you guys so much
by the way if you didn't know that
please do know that always have that in
the back of your mind if anything is
troubling you tarah love you tear is
here for you in the biggest way that I
possibly can be I know I can't be there
explicitly for everyone so my first
question comes from Ashley aka kitten
Moonshadow I love you baby girl she says
question do you have any tips for
getting rid of slash maintaining lower
belly fat without getting surgery like
what types of cardio how long time
retargeting workouts etc I'm trying to
improve my workout so any advice would
be great thank you and I hope you're
having a great day what that muah was
from her to me but I'm also going to
give her one
mwah actually I love you I know I call
you kitten mostly but there's like a
bunch of kittens kittens are so fuzzy
everyone wants to have their moniker as
kitten by the way I totally saw a video
of Searcy with her hair twisted like
this on the sides and thought I would
try it so let me know what you think in
the comments I know most of you don't
give a shit about my hair god I'm
looking at a viewfinder and I see this
button and I keep thinking it's one of
these hold on like a sticker with the
fucking size do not ask me do not ask me
why I have a size small thicker Antley
ready and available to show you exactly
what I think this is I feel like I need
to button this up so I stop thinking
that this button is a sticker but then
less titties so why would anyone want
that I don't want that you don't want
that it's a mutual unwanted of that
situation so we're just not going to do
it and I'm going to deal with the
peripheral annoyance that is that button
anyway your kitten Moonshadow there's no
specific way to target belly fat or any
specific area the only thing you can do
is underneath the fat you can't own up
that area by gaining muscle if you're
super super skinny and you have no
muscle and you're like skinny fat then
the muscles will show through the little
fat and the skin that you have there
making it look more toned but if you
have a substantial amount of weight
there you're not going to be able to see
anything that you tone up underneath
your muscles are not going to show
through so basically what you have to do
is lose weight all over your body until
you've lost weight to your personal
preference on your stomach there's no
way to target one specific area on the
body if anyone says that there is
they're absolutely lying to you
none of sad tips or tricks will ever
work basically what happens is we're
born with and up until adolescence we
are gaining a certain amount of fat
cells and everyone has their fat cells
distributed differently
I said distributed weird so for instance
I had a lot of fat cell distribution on
my knees and on my outer thighs and just
all over my thighs in general to the
point where I was gaunt looking and
sickly looking on top but I would still
have a lot of meat on my thighs and the
only way to target that is through
liposuction and other surgical or
non-invasive means if you think that
it's okay to be a little bit thinner
than you would want on your legs and
your arms to be optimally thin on your
waist then that's perfectly fine that's
what most people call losing weight
their last it's just the extra fat cells
there and with more fat cells that's
going to look like more fat there
because it is more fat there on the spot
I'm kind of bad at explaining things
contrary to my deep understanding sorry
if that was not the answer you were
looking for but I am NOT the Droid you
were looking for if you want someone to
lie to you the new guy says hi genuine
Tara I know I asked us on the discord
server before but you never replied
sorry I think I remember reading this
but then I totally forgotten that a
bunch of other people asked a bunch of
different things and I just didn't reply
I'm sorry so question what is your
opinion on men crying for example when
they lost someone I find when you've
lost someone it's a good emotional
outlet but when one for example would
cry over smaller things I'd say it's a
sign of weakness do you think that too
would love to see this in the next fnm
week okay so I have no problem with men
exhibiting emotions and I have a huge
problem with men and women or anyone
just being emotionally oversensitive
wrecks crying too much crying over
nothing crying in public crying as a
display to get attention all of that
stuff annoys me no matter the gender but
I definitely think there's having a
place for crying and after a good cry
session you can feel a lot better even a
really really really manly man crying
doesn't really bother me that much as
long as he's not crying about something
really retarded I personally value the
look of manliness and an otherwise manly
person and intelligence over displays of
manliness like
never crying never showing emotion that
substance doesn't personally matter to
me and I think people are just as
annoyed and women who cry way too often
as they would be at a man doing it I
don't really see that as being a huge
problem where men can't show emotions
maybe men can be bitchy about things as
much as women can but I don't like it
when women do that either
I pretty much hold everyone to the same
standard separate to my own sexual
preferences hopefully that makes sense
if you have any other follow-up
questions post them down there and
before we get into the last question I
just want to remind you guys if you have
any questions to ask and if you want to
sign up for the giveaway I always forget
to take breaths of air breaths of air
breathe I forget to breathe sometimes
when I'm talking to the camera the
camera just mystifies me I think it's
kind of sad that I never gave names to
any of my other cameras other than blad
the last one I take everywhere with me
these ones just sit on a tripod and I
barely ever moved them I just adjust
them sometimes Vlad is by my side all
the time to seduce me into taking
pictures of myself often last question
is from a man named Brandon de bomba
Lane
he says question why have I been single
17 years do girls not like me never been
on a date or have sex or a kiss do you
have any advice for a lonely guy like me
first of all I'm sorry that you're
lonely that's the thing that we all get
into at some point in our lives me least
of all because I always have someone I
mean I've had Jay for like 11 years and
then before that I had really shitty
people in my life where at some points I
would feel lonely but I've never really
been truly lonely I had great parents I
always had if not a real friend a
sidekick or acquaintances that really
wanted to be on my good side so I've had
people in my corner and I can understand
how sad and desperate you can feel when
you're lonely I can understand that even
being someone who doesn't really feel
that but at the same time if you're
someone who can't get a date
there's got to be a reason you need to
look you need to introspect and think
the dating world is evolutionarily and
within our core competitive so what
would make you someone that a girl would
want to date over all the other guys
that should be possibly dates are you
placing yourself in too high of a league
maybe
you're not taking care of your looks do
you not have a stable job do you not
have your own ambitions and goals and
things that you're working toward it
might seem shallow to you but of course
a girl is going to be more drawn to a
guy who takes care of his looks who has
a stable job who moved out of his
mother's basement who has a friend
circle that like him and care about him
who can hold a conversation if you're
not taking care of yourself then you're
not going to be an ideal partner and if
you don't love yourself you don't have
the room or the time in your life to
love someone else
so look inside yourself and say am i
dateable to anyone and if not start
working on that and this isn't
necessarily working toward being someone
else's ideal because your introspecting
and seeing that you wouldn't even date
you work on your education work on your
career work on being someone if someone
wants to be around I see a lot of these
like super fat lazy Slaven guys who
don't know you're from your and we're
just super abrasive assholes bitching
about how oh these hotter richer guys
are getting more women than me who would
want to be around that kind of person
who's a downer all the time anyway who
doesn't care about his looks or himself
who does not have adequate genes to pass
on to a kid and who doesn't have the
means to even be a secondary provider to
a family life's not fair and sometimes
you're lonely for a while but as long as
you take care of yourself love yourself
and you have your own goals and
aspirations and you're not just sitting
around complaining I'm pretty sure
you'll find someone eventually anyway
let's go ahead and open some packages
I'm really excited about this one
because it comes from a Celina my girl
Selena she messaged me recently and this
is a girl who does all of my my choker
little 8-bit dudes my 8-bit jewelry I
wanted to show you guys how wonderfully
she fucking packages these things it's
so amazing so there's a little bow and
there's a little heart sticker she's so
cute and she's got these like amazing
little boxes that come with them too it
says dear Tara I hope you love your no
face from Selena Selena messaged me
anyway I didn't even finish my story
Selena messaged me on Instagram and I
had posted that she made she made a new
face a new face she made a no face for
someone and I had posted oh my god that
no face is so sexy it's so amazing or
something like that I probably hyped it
a little bit more than I just did there
but it's an amazing no face and she was
like do you want me to send it to you I
know you're saving for your move but
like the sweetest thing ever this girl
so now I have a fucking no face that I'm
going to be putting on this choker as as
we speak okay so you open up the box and
this is what you
see here in another sticker and it's all
like rats like snail mail it's so
adorable oh my god I love you Selena by
the way you are just fucking absolutely
adorably amazing so pretty so talented
oh I can and then no face is here inside
some bubble wrap and a cute little like
perfectly fitted ziploc bag like
literally everything about it is perfect
she has a pink bubble wrap now and she
like cuts a little thing so no one bent
on my I just can't I can't with her at
all she's just too perfect I've never
I've never done this without looking oh
there we go
oh I love it so much no face is probably
my favorite character from any Studio
Ghibli film ever
even though spirited away is only my
second favorite film or something I love
the renditions of the weird apparition
with the mask you see that a lot in like
Japanese culture it always reminds me of
no face and I have like no face stuffed
animals and stuff at J mood named basil
so fucking cute for Basil Fawlty Towers
aka John Cleese aka my favorite actor of
all time oh my god I could just go on
and on about all the things in my life
that are no face Japanese culture and I
have a lot of fuckin stray hairs all
over me thank you so much Selina this is
amazing you guys have to check out
Selina in the description I'm going to
post our Instagram and her Etsy store
she's like literally my favorite person
who makes cool things if I was literally
a tempest talented as her maybe I
wouldn't show my kids just kidding I
would totally still show my tits in fact
I would have maybe have more money to
buy like ten more tips to stack on these
tits because she just deserves so so
many more customers and she could be
getting like every person in the world
as a customer she still deserves more
enough like my honest review like I
should really write that up in a review
somebody transcript that to me and like
send it to me on discord and I'll put it
as my next review next time I buy
something from her she's just so amazing
links in description what love you
Selena love you girl fish seriously dude
all right we have Sega selfie real quick
because it's like so cool bad and I've
been taking a picture of my face I'm
just taking a picture of this but I
sought to make the pouty like ah
lips while I do it I just got to do it
alright okay we're not saving the best
for last
today we're saving the best for first
and this is you know not it's not tied
for first okay Shawn is one of my
favorite people of all time mr. Shawn
black but Salinas no face just
slightly better than whatever's in this
package we've got a package from Sean
but what outliers hurt myself
Sean black whoa King's Quest complete
edition for ps4 now use who's cool I
like this is episodic right so I have M
so done on Steam and I planned on
playing it but then all the games in the
literal world I have on Steam and I just
haven't gotten around to playing it do
you guys think I should play this with
Jay do you think this is something Jay
would enjoy playing with me I know it's
not co-op for a little backstory and
reference on my days off I like to
switch controllers with Jay and like Jay
will watch me and I will watch him and
we'll just play games on the couch
together I personally think
single-player stories are some of the
best games ever and best gameplay so not
being able to play that with Jay just
because there's not like co-op or
something would be a total fucking damn
shame so King's Quest good game think I
should play with Jay thumbs up the video
just kidding I'm not going to fucking
extort you if you don't thumbs up this
video
you don't like fucking ki but I really
appreciate it Sean thank you so much by
the way Sean your autographed image for
the month is coming out this week I love
you mwah
by the way this s on my head totally
signifies how small-minded I am
all right we have two more things who is
this oh I think this is a onesie oh my
god yeah this is a onesie isn't it
oh yes is this from the new guy or I
think this is from two new guides new
guy said that he wanted me to have more
of these onesies so I think it's from
the new guy it's not from the new guy
thank you to whoever got it for me I
really appreciate it
I like heather gray I think we should
put this on I mean I'm kind of wearing
heather gray already but I just think
onesies can make or break my entire day
it's like I was having a good day up
until now but huh one of these you know
onesies
ah just make it so much better you know
what I'm saying
so yeah oh I thought I was going to go
brick it was gonna pop all the way open
and it was gonna be like so amazing and
now I'm sad no face and I are gonna be
so comfy in our new onesie
dizzy dizzy I mean nauseated by
nauseated I mean fucking kill me and by
fuckin kill me I mean oh yeah way in a
wonder girl I really like one sees you
guys are we ready to show off everything
wonderful with the world that is onesies
selfie time this is literally how my day
goes I try to either cut it out during
videos or or I suppress it when I mean
what I need to do videos but oh my god
the urge to selfie oh yes okay let's
show it off
okay that's quite enough fanservice I'm
so dizzy now let us open our last pocket
by the way thank you guys so much for
all of the supports these are trying and
annoying and kind of stressful times for
me but with you guys everything's been
so amazing
I just love you guys so fucking much oh
my god I love you so fucking much you
guys just make every oh my god are these
the things I bought for myself ah oh yes
okay so somebody on Twitter
totally fucking told me that I should
buy these leggings they showed me a girl
who was like super fit had a really nice
ass and she had pokeballs on her but
accentuating how big her butt is I now
have these leggings in my possession and
we need to put them on and see how my
ass looks because oh my god yes I think
I think we can unanimously say in the
comment section that these are a fucking
yes I hope they fit as good as they look
like they're gonna fit also they are all
as it seems yes they're all generation 1
Pokemon which means I'm so much more
because everything after generation like
3 is garbage and bye after generation 3
I mean as the start of generation 3 or
like in the middle of generation 2 let's
just go ahead and put these on because
yes but first I'm going to put back on
this shirt because otherwise we topless
which I'm sure some of you guys won't
mind but you know we're trying to keep
this family friendly as it says in the
tags of all of my videos I am very
family-friendly I mean I don't cuss I
talked about our Lord and Savior Jesus
Christ wow that sounded really
convincing didn't it not only that by
being inclusive I exclude anyone who
feel their sexuality is okay and not
shameful because of everything that
inclusion is discreet and moral
grandstanding exclusion okay let's put
on the shirts this is extra small really
feels like a medium what's with the have
you guys seen on Instagram these girls
is like gigantic tits these models
wearing shirts that say I have no tits
in like all lowercase it's like a black
shirt with white letters what is up with
that
does anyone know the story behind that
weird shit if anyone knows post in the
comments I'd like to know I'm gonna go
put these on BRB
okay honestly in all actuality I don't
think these look as good on me as I
thought they would if you watched my how
to take a good butt selfie video these
are not nearly as stretchy as they need
to be it actually stops at a certain
point the elasticity of these things and
it can strange my but a whole lot and I
can't pull it up into my butt crack so
it kind of just makes my ass look flat
despite the fact that you had that
gradient and shiny and protruding
looking Pokeball on my ass let me know
what you think in the comments do you
think my ass looks better in its natural
habitat
ie a onesie or in these leggings I like
the leggings I'm probably gonna wear
them I like the fact that the top is not
high-waisted it's more athletic top
waisted well yeah I don't know I'm a
little bit disappointed in these maybe I
should have got them in a larger size
and like a large or something Thank You
Tara for buying me these wonderful
leggings alright guys thank you so much
for everything thank you so much for
watching let me know the answers to the
questions that I asked you and please
ask me some more down in the description
and by description
I mean comment section what you can do
in the description is you can sign up
for this week's giveaway you can check
out all of my links like my Instagram my
twitch channel my other youtube channel
my video my channel if you want an
alternative to YouTube and just a bunch
of other stuff I love you guys so much
you're so supportive I'm going to be
posting a video on Sunday called my
stresses and how I deal with it I'm not
looking for sympathy in that video but I
do want to open up to you about a few
things that have been stressing me
lately and I'm very glad that I have a
family here and very appreciative do you
guys are here willing to listen to me
help me out give me advice but mainly
just listen someone that will be in my
corner be on my side a group of people
similarly minded but sometimes
contrasting minded to make me think and
to just be there for me play games with
me and watch me talk about stupid shit
and talk about stupid shit in the
comment section too I love you guys so
much have a wonderful fucking weekend
and I will see you on Sunday in the next
video fanservice Friday should be up by
now on patreon yeah I love you so much
bye
