hips don't lie so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want hey guys I just wanted to make
a quick Vlad vlog style video to talk to
you guys and update you guys just a
little bit on what's going on and why
there hasn't been a new video this week
I'm gonna sit right here so today
instead of doing the video I'm supposed
to be doing for you guys for today or
tomorrow I wouldn't be able to get it up
today since 45 p.m. and I'm just gonna
buzz through talking to you guys about
this and then upload this without
editing it really if at all but um okay
so usually when I'm super busy in a week
I know beforehand so I can provide I can
allocate my time better so that I can
provide you guys with videos and stuff
like that during the week that I'm busy
right but this week oh my god I did not
think I would be so fucking busy am I
gonna lay down I guess I'm rolling down
this carpet is super dirty oh my god
we've got some nice lighting because I
have my set up for doing game release
news so game release news for me at
least for my channel I know it doesn't
have to happen but I really want it to
happen every 1st of the month on the
gaming channel which is youtube.com
slash Tara Babcock games so if you guys
want to watch that know what games are
coming out both indie DLC and triple-a
games check that out but anyway so
that's why I'm not doing a regular video
today I only have time to make one video
and get it ready for tomorrow and that's
gonna be the game release news one
because it's more time-sensitive in my
opinion but I didn't have any time and I
didn't know this week was gonna be so
crazy I'm getting my taxes together it's
really hard is this like zoomed in I can
never like get the titties in the shot
and get the hair in the face and the
shot which is what I like to do
aesthetically it pleases me and I think
it pleases you guys too anyway so didn't
have any time didn't know it was gonna
take so much time to get my tax info
prepared I'm going to a CPA for the
first time in my life which has been
stressful and enlightening but also a
little bit disappointing every time I go
to a professional I'm always really
disappointed in not necessarily not
necessarily the intellect of the
professional but how little nuance
they practice for instance I don't have
a regular self-employment right I have
like a bunch of different incomes from a
bunch of different 1099s and what I do
for a living is not typical I mean like
a lot of people are youtubers but even
being a youtuber or making your own
content or media or like streaming games
that's probably not what a CPA
encounters when he hears that he's gonna
be having a client that is self-employed
so I just feel like if I were in a
vocation where I was a specialist I
would be prepared for these outliers
these people who aren't necessarily
typical and stuff and I would I would
know all of the intricacies of my
profession
so that it wouldn't really matter how
typical the case is you know and I feel
like he was a little bit taken aback by
like what's going on and all of the
different ways I make money like
obviously I don't expect older people to
be intuitive about YouTube like when I
say I'm a youtuber they go a what and
then I'm like well have you heard of
YouTube and they go oh yeah and then I'm
like yeah well I create content on there
and then they're like oh so you get
money from the clicks and I just want to
be like ad pocalypse no not anymore it's
great funny oh my god I'm going off on a
million tangents but I just wanted to
give you guys some form of video today
to let you guys know what's going on so
if you guys want to know why there
hasn't been a video I've just been
waiting busy with this taxes thing as
well as a bunch of other appointments
Jay had a medical appointment don't
worry he's fine I have I have the maids
coming I had to take Eve to the vet I
just just like so many things I didn't I
didn't foresee that it would be so
time-consuming so I apologize for not
having the youtuber smashin pass up
today which it was supposed to be of
today or on Monday and I didn't have a
Monday video so usually I do I try to do
so I'll do Monday or Tuesday or Sunday
Monday or Tuesday you know I have two
videos a week then I have the fucking
Friday night mail and then a couple
times a month I'll have a Caturday video
on Saturday like an eve video just cute
cat stuff right and that's usually my
schedule for this week I just did F&M
last week and there hasn't been anything
and it's Wednesday and I don't have
anything prepared so I have
the list that I took from all of you
guys suggestions for the youtuber
smashing pass and I'm ready to do that
but it's gonna take so long to edit
because you guys want me to always put
like the picture of the person that I'm
talking about and doing so is like
downloading pictures and you have to
edit it in there properly and it takes a
lot more time than it looks like it
would take it looks like I could just
like slap the shit on there but it's
like harder than that and it's
time-consuming even when it's not hard
so I knew I wouldn't be able to get it
done today and I apologize but anyway
back to the whole Specialists rant I
just feel like so many people are there
just minimally good at their jobs
they're not savants in their jobs in any
way they're just like what can I do to
make money what am i decent at of
numbers or something okay let's be an
accountant and then they become a CPA
and it's just like I don't know it's
also a little bit nerve-racking honestly
for me to be giving all of my
information like all of my identity
stealing potential information to people
and my CPA has like subordinates right
and um just before I started this video
one of the subordinates called and he
sounded like a diet would fuck or
something you know he sounded like a
dude a bro you know and I'm like oh what
if he's just one of those like Christian
guys or like one of those like the
centers of mine that come in and they're
just like whore slut bitch I hope you
die and like now he has all of my
information you know so I'm a little bit
more I'm a cynic I'm a misanthrope I
have controversial ideas and now I'm
giving all my information to strangers
even though that person is supposed to
be a professional it's still a little
crazy cuz like every single person I
would assume well I know a lot of the
dissenters and and retarded dissenters
not that like intelligent ones that are
like hmm well I feel like freewill
does exist you know like not those types
of people that are gonna be respectful
and actually you know talk to me in a
scholarly fashion I'm talking about the
people that just come on and they're
like fuckin cunt whore bitch I'll slit
your throat and fuck your mom's asshole
or whatever sorry mom I know she's
watching this but like those people I
would assume more often than not they've
got like Pizza Hut jobs or something but
I'm sure some of them are
accessible enough to be like an
assistant like grunt or whatever at a
CPA office and I'm just like I'm fucked
you know I'm completely fucked hopefully
what I'm banking on is that most people
who talk shit to me on the internet if
they knew me in real life they would
actually like me or think that they have
a chance with me and therefore be nicer
to me I don't know the human condition
and psychology that well I mean I always
aspire to know more about it but it's
still fucking it's it's creepy you know
it's fucking creepy I look like I have
pecs and said tits cuz my actual pecs
are here when I'm laying down anyway I
am happy I'm worried because I owe like
tens of thousands of dollars in back
taxes because I don't pay quarterly
because to me it just doesn't it doesn't
really make a difference like I'll get a
small tax return or maybe have to pay a
small amount at the end of the year but
I've just been organized better at
sending it in I don't feel like as long
as I can spend properly and watch my
finances I don't feel like that's
helpful it can only either load me into
a false sense of security where oh I've
paid all my taxes and I have to pay a
little bit more off or it can make me
overpay and then I could have like
improved my content a little bit more
put more money away or paid off my
credit cards more but I'm happy because
now I know how much I have to get by
April to pay my taxes and I've also
identified a few places where I can
spend less a few fun places but also a
few like I've like decreased my beauty
spending quite a bit just by like
acquiring the talent to do things myself
I'm not doing like extensions anymore
that are expensive I just got clip ins
and use them whenever I want I'm not
going to get my nails done anymore I
don't do eyelashes which I did for half
of the year fucking money sink to hell
do just put on fake eyelashes use the
same pair of fake eyelashes for like
four months oh my god so just like
things I wanted to try I'm glad I tried
them because I had the experience and
now I know that they're not necessary
for me to complete my aesthetic and it's
not monetarily intelligent for me to do
so so I'm cutting back on some of those
expenses on top of that I'm gonna stop
experimenting with my setup as much I'm
gonna have clearer goals
I'm just gonna stop like buying certain
things then returning them and buying
certain things and just having extra
equipment that I don't need and stuff I
love improving my production quality you
guys know this about me but sometimes I
get a little bit of over overconfident
about it I want to start putting money
away in something like an IRA my CPA one
good piece of advice he did give me was
to look into a specific retirement fund
that wasn't an IRA that actually has
like better benefits than an IRA I do
want to look into stuff like that and if
not only for me as like a retirement
back whatever the fuck but also for J
and stuff there are certain things that
I can do with J that save me a little
bit of money and I don't know I'm just
I'm just where I'm happy that I'm better
fiscally it's making me happy that I'm
learning to be more frugal in the places
where it matters you know like the whole
like don't work hard work smart don't be
a frugal piece of shit that never has
any fun in life and never spends any
money on anything or treats themselves
or their friends to anything be someone
who knows where they can spend and then
saves the end does best of both worlds
the the other thing I want to do this
year is I want to I want to pay off like
most of my credit card debt Oh Oh
something really really interesting okay
so you guys know before I moved to Vegas
I really wanted to buy a house I want to
just fucking jump and do it and buy a
house right and you guys know how much I
love this house right but I'm renting so
I I expressed in the beginning of my
lease contract to my to the the person I
talked to it's not the owner of the
house but like the the middle man at the
real estate company I expressed that I
maybe want to buy this house at some
point and I thought it was a long shot I
was like no they're never gonna just
like sell me a house that they plan on
renting and they're just gonna
infinitely you know make rent money like
that makes so much more sense but um my
contact for my the owner of the house
actually called and was like you
expressed interest in buying go see how
much you can get for a loan and I'm like
really so I could actually own this
house and now I don't feel so terrible
about painting that wall red because
maybe I won't have to
paying it back you know like hopefully
no one from the office sees that I
painted that wall red because I don't
think they would be happy with me doing
it without asking and red seems kind of
hard to cover up but anyway it would be
really exciting if I could own this
house and it's kind of a fixer-upper I
got it for 1,800 a month because it's
actually 1750 but then there's like
utilities on top of that I got it for
1750 a month because it is like it needs
to be painted there are some like scuffs
in certain places some of the
floorboards these things like some of
them are scuffed in certain places and
need to be replaced and it was supposed
to have that like overhaul before
someone moved in as a as a renter but I
was like they were like yeah if you take
it as is will give you $150 off each
month which is fucking astronomical the
savings are astronomical I don't care
very much at all about any of the little
like scuffs in the wall or anything and
you'll see I'm gonna do I'm almost done
with the closet and I'm almost done with
this room the gaming channel room as you
can see it's really fucking cool I'm
almost done with these rooms so I'm
almost ready to do like a house tour
type thing but I think it would be
really great before the Raiders get here
before like property like whatever's
going up to high hell or whatever it
would be really wonderful to actually
own my own home and if I don't want to
live here forever you know I can always
sell it but it's mine it's not a money
sink anymore that doesn't amount to
anything I'm actually working toward
having property you know and that's
amazing at my age I mean obviously I'm
like two years away from 30 or whatever
but and that seems old but to have all
of the stuff that I have I feel so
grateful and thank you guys so much you
guys are a huge part of this and my
success and it doesn't seem based on you
know my mainstream popularity or my
relevant nough said have all of these
things that I have because of you guys
and I just love you guys so much I might
do a patron only video where I break
down my finances a little bit more
because I'm not one of those people
that's like when someone asks how much
you make I'm like thank you fucking
prolific question fuck you oh my god
no I think I think that kind of weird
modesty to how much you make is more
because
you don't want to get in a fight with
your your colleagues who are working in
the same business you don't want to be
like oh my god you make that much well
fucking I'm gonna go ask for a raise I
oh my god this is fucking discrimination
why are the female actors making 1/3 the
amount of the male actors oh my god but
in my business or whatever it's kind of
you know based on how many people like
your content how many people support you
how you did this month is gonna be
different than how you did next month
it's not really as much of a competition
where their objective means to getting
to how much your salary is type of thing
but oh my god I love you guys so much I
promise to do my best not to squander
this life that you've given me and to be
appreciative of it every day not just on
Thanksgiving not just on certain days
where people make me feel bad about my
white privilege but every fucking day
thank you guys so much this has been
kind of a long video I hope you guys
enjoyed the on the floor talking my
titties aren't popping today ik so I'm
not wearing a bra well they would pop if
i sat up here we go ah there they're
like big Oh titties but when I lay down
and I'm not wearing a bra they're like
to the side and shit
also I curled my hair for like the first
time in fourteen thousand billion years
it's been a really long time since I've
done that I feel like Vlad mark - which
is what I'm using right now is better
but they like the amount that it zooms
out like I'm holding my arm out as far
as I can and I used to be able to with
Vlad mark one I would be able to get the
foot the eyebrows in there so you can
see how fleek they are and then I would
also be able to get like to the mid boob
easily without like Oh extending my arm
so I don't know maybe I'm gonna start
using my my selfie dick stick you don't
think but yeah I'm sorry that the video
that I told you guys should be out isn't
out yet
I'll have the gaming channel video of
tomorrow I have Jay downloading the
videos from YouTube that I need for the
gameplay footage and then I'll edit that
tomorrow probably I'm hoping to be an on
stream a little bit today probably after
8 p.m. you guys are watching this at 7
p.m. or later so yeah
thank you so much and thank you for
listening to me talk and if there's any
questions you have about my life about
my audiology is about literally anything
advice I don't know why people take
advice from youtubers but I feel like I
have a little bit more clout in the area
of advice because I don't often judge
people you know people just want advice
from people who aren't judging people
and to have a more objective outlook on
life and are gonna feed them bullshit to
feed to protect their feelings you know
like I know there are people who want
that superficial bullshit sometimes
we're like they're having a bad day and
they just want to be told they're pretty
or they just want to be told that
they're you know they're awesome no
matter what they do or whatever it's
kind of like that's who you that's why
you would call your mom type of thing
but um I will always give you my honest
and what I view as objective truth to
everything that you ask me and I really
don't have any shames I don't have any
like things I won't talk about with
myself
unless it's something that is about
someone else and they promised they
asked me not to talk about type of thing
you know but yeah I love you guys I I
did it again three more minutes have
passed and I don't even coherently
remember what the fuck I was talking
about
I gotta go film with video I love you
